Prologue PROLOGUE The room was ablaze, burning fabric raining from the ceiling as a dark figure advanced, flames reflected on the metallic blade of its sword. Behind him the door jumped, attacked from the outside by a group of alarmed voices. Their horror, however, was nothing compared to that of the one trapped inside with a man whose eyes gleamed cruelly amid dark cloth. "You will stop and drop your weapon." Heavy boots stepped over the shards of glass marring the carpeted floor, snapping the largest of them. Even laced with the Force, words had no effect on him. "You will stop and drop your weapon." He raised it instead. Of all the times Leia had been close to death, she was sure this was the closest ever. She was alone, with nowhere to run and unarmed. Of course, the one time she did not have a weapon close to her was the time something like this happened. Just my luck. She tried to avoid the strike, but even if she constantly forgot her age, her body did not. The blade fell as she was backing away, too slow to entirely avoid it. The point hit her cheek, sliding in a diagonal line over the arm she had raised to try and to protect herself. The hilt came next, striking her with such strength it threw her to the ground. I am not dying here. The door jumped again as a warm, expressive voice joined the group on the other side. Recognizing it, even in this situation, was comforting. Poe. Poe had arrived, which meant that even if Finn wasn't there already he was now. "How does no one have a detonator?!" Poe shouted. The wardrobe on the far wall lost its precarious balance, collapsing with a whine. Sparks were thrust into the air by the impact. Her assailant jumped, turning towards the sound of the crash and at that instant she took her chance. She had never been trained and the most physical uses of the Force had never been where she excelled. Luke had tried to teach her something as simple as moving a stone but to no avail. Even so, she had listened to him, memorizing everything he had taught her in case it became useful. Maybe for that reason, she had expected him to come to her rescue now, to rise from her memory of one of those pleasant summer days with a serious face instruct her on what to do. Only the one doing so wasn't her brother, but an six year old boy with a roguish smile that made him look just like a miniature dark haired version of Han. "It's right there. You just have to grab it," she heard him saying, pointing at something on the other side of the burning room and rolling his eyes when he looked at her again. "Come on, Mom, you are always like 'Ben, you can do anything as long as you try' and then Ben is the one doing everything because apparently you can't." It was like he was there, with her among the flames. Only he wasn't and he hadn't been for the longest time. The words, that memory, she knew what it was about: a flour sack perched on the top of the kitchen cabinets. A flour sack that Ben himself had put there and refused to fetch unless she tried first. "It's really easy; you grab it and swing. Well, don't swing, that will make it go away from you. Grab it and pull it with your mind. If you focus, it will come." He had then stopped at her side, dark eyes on their target. "I know you can do it, Mom. I will catch if it falls." Only she couldn't and he hadn't. The sack had fallen, hitting her shoulder then his head, and exploded in a huge wave of white dust. They had stared in shock at the disaster until they had looked at each other, covered in white from head to toe, and collapsed onto the floor laughing. I lost him. He's not here, he's not coming back. Even so she did as he told, reached for the Force and grabbed the first piece of burning furniture she could grasp. The moment she swung it, the chair hit her assailant square in the back of the head, sending the sword flying out of his hands but doing little else to stop him. It didn't matter. It had worked. Worst case scenario she could keep him at bay until Finn, Poe and the soldiers on the other side of the door arrived. She reached out again, feeling for something heavier as a smaller blade was slid off her attacker's belt. In a moment, he was over her, one hand reaching to grab her hair. She bit her lip, tasting the blood gushing out of the wound on her face. The huge collapsed wardrobe was rising, turning… I know you can do it, Mom. Before she could, the door exploded, a wave of blaster fire filling the room. The man released her and Leia threw herself on the floor covering her head for protection. Finn's voice rose above the gunfire as all but one weapon ceased firing. "Oi, girl, girl! That is complete overkill! Stop! I said stop!" Poe was helping her up, dragging her away from the burning room and into the corridor as Finn wrestled a blaster out of the hands of a young female soldier, a blue skinned Twi-lek. "Bring the body," he ordered, grabbing the girl by the jacket and pulling her out of the burning room. "By the Force, Allya, stop that! You can't kill him more than you already did!" Leia balanced herself against the corridor wall, breathing heavily as Poe grabbed her shoulders, his voice cracking with concern. "Are you alright?" Leia made an affirmative gesture with her head, her attention going from the pilot's face to the group now dragging the corpse of her attacker through the giant scorched hole that had been her door. "Show me his face." The Twi-lek got herself away from Finn and dropped to her knees. The moment she pulled the cloth away to reveal a round bearded face, silence fell over the group. "I know him…" Poe whispered, right next to her. If his voice was horrified before, that was nothing to how it sounded now. "He works in communications." I know. This isn't good. She turned to Finn, looking him right in the eyes. "Cut all transmissions. We are evacuating." Chapter 2 : The Strategist The Strategist "General." Leaning over the tactical display on the Finalizer 's bridge, Hux pinched the bridge of his nose, the sudden interruption almost making his patience snap at the same time as his thoughts. "Any matters not pertaining to our present engagement can be taken to the First Officer," he growled, even as an uncomfortable sensation set on the back of his mind, screaming at him to turn. "Dismissed." The small planet on the chart was revolving, a red blinking dot coming slowly into view. All around it, readings detailing anti-aircraft guns and defensive positions began sprouting. In an instant, they had pulled him in again, wrapping around his mind in such a way that they seemed a lot more real than the bridge and crew around him. There was a large canyon to the south, small buildings surrounded by hangars and planetary defenses hidden within the forest. There was not one location he didn't already know by heart. He could trace the path the TIEs would take without the system pointing it out to him, see the landing spots for the troops. He had planned it all to the smallest detail, lost sleep over it, and even so he was not satisfied. There was always a flaw, a small fault in the plan that could be explored and would be exploited if he didn't detect it in time. "Sir." The call came again. This time, though, there was something familiar in it. That slowed, elongated way of... Hux forced himself out the strategic reverie he had been engaged in for the last few hours, turning to face the inexpressive helmet of a polished silver stormtrooper that had apparently materialized at his side. "They have arrived." Phasma, and her words were like being hit with a bucket of cold water. "Where did you put them?" "In the officer's quarters." Hux's mouth twisted. He couldn't possibly have heard that right. "Wasn't there anywhere else?" "Considering Kylo Ren's position and status, any other arrangement would be considered disrespectful." Phasma's head tilted slightly to the right. "Had you made preparations elsewhere, Sir?" The garbage chute. "I was just taking my sanity into account, Captain." "It's temporary." "Of course. Thank you." He turned again to the chart, focusing his attention on the three moons orbiting his target. His mind, however, seemed to have gone from military strategy to 'I might actually start sleeping on the bridge' in the few moments Phasma had taken to speak. He certainly couldn't envision a world where the first thing one wished to deal with in the morning was Kylo Ren's temper and snide remarks. There was also not another person in the galaxy he wished to deal with less if they were attacked on night watch. The sheer amounts of sarcasm flying out of… He took a deep breath. This was neither the time nor place. They hadn't had such a clear shot at the nerve center of the Resistance since they had been detected in the Illenium system less than three weeks ago. The destruction of Starkiller base had given them enough time to disappear and reorganize. Since then, his fleet had hit secondary bases and ships, destroyed supporting groups and villages, but never had any hint at where the heart of it truly lay. Until now. This was their chance to put a definitive end to the Resistance. Finish it once and for all. And now he. Could. Not. Concentrate. "Lieutenant, review the attack plan." Seated to his left, Lieutenant Ferrar activated the display's dynamic view. Several TIE battalion indicators appeared instantly next to the planet. "Sir. First stage focus will be on engaging any fighter battalions that haven't moved to intercept the Finalizer . Our pilots' mission is to draw enemy fire and attention away from the anti-aircraft batteries located in sectors A to D7. These defenses will then be engaged and destroyed by a smaller TIE group approaching north-northwest. Upon completion, they will join the rest of the attack battalions. Any vessel evacuating from the Resistance base at this stage is to be ignored." Hux frowned. The officer's hand lingered over the commands. A flaw… If there was a single flaw… "Proceed." "The airborne assault will then move to protect the Ground Assault Transports. Second stage battle tactics will focus firepower on the Resistance troops defending Landing Area 1 next to South Entrance, Landing Area 2 near North Entrance and Landing Area 3 in the Emergency Evacuation Hangar. As soon as the Stormtrooper's battalions are on the ground, air assault will engage and destroy the remaining evacuation vessels. Stage three will be completed upon ground confirmation." "Send it to Operations Control." His eyes went from the tactical display to the communication personal in the far corner of the bridge. "Is our contact still silent?" "He sent no confirmation of the mission success, Sir." The assassin failed, then. Our window is closing. He turned to Lieutenant Ferrar again. "Calculate the moons' orbits in relation to the base location. I want an angle of approach that minimizes the impact of any existing moon based defenses. The..." He stopped. Phasma was still there. He could see her armor reflected on the now blank tactical screen. What is it now? "Yes, Captain?" "With all due respect, Sir, shouldn't you be welcoming…?" "Ren knows exactly how welcomed he is here," he retorted. "Furthermore, there are more important things to deal with than anyone's hurt sensibilities. Something, I am pleased to say, Ren doesn't suffer from." One of his very few qualities. "Sir, Supreme Leader Snooke sent him." "I'm well aware of that." Which actually reminded him that the Supreme Leader had not only announced Ren's imminent arrival, but he had also trusted him with giving the other man his orders. Something that, all things considered, he really couldn't postpone. It's not enough that I run the fleet; I have to go around playing errand boy. "Speed up the preparations on the lower decks; we will be entering light speed as soon the engagement trajectory is calculated. First Officer, the bridge is yours." The corridors leading to the officer's quarters were deserted. Between his crew and Phasma's men, one would believe that anyone going around the Finalizer would rapidly run into a patrol, but that didn't seem to be the case. In fact, the only stormtroopers he encountered were stationed next to the access lift and they, judging by the identification plates, belonged to Phasma's assault platoon not the Finalizer 's security. For once, he didn't really want to know what had happened. He had enough problems to deal with without adding to them the ones Phasma had apparently already solved. The lift dropped him at a long narrow corridor flanked on both sides by doors. After a moments hesitation, he turned left, advancing to the closed door of the visitor's quarters. He didn't bother knocking, instead forcing the door open with his credentials and stepping inside. In a second, four covered faces had turned in his direction: three men and one woman, all bearing similar facial covers and clothes, all sitting in the circular sofa in the middle of the common room. None of them Kylo Ren. "Where is he?" The shortest member of the group, a man with a paraphernalia of guns and detonators in his belt, wretched himself out of the deathtrap formed by his two more corpulent colleagues, stretched, and tapped on the closed door leading to one of the bedrooms. "Ren. General Hux is here." There was no answer, not that it surprised him. Ren's usual response to any message was to burst unannounced into whatever place the communication had arisen from, not reply to it. That the Knights had to deal with the same thing he did should probably amuse him, however, there was something far more entertaining happening right under is nose. Normally, any large visiting committees would leave all its low-ranking officers in the barracks several floors below. Such arrangements, however, were either below his present 'guests' status or whomever had made the arrangements clearly had little to no knowledge of the true size of the officer's chambers. The common room was close to bursting and, with no more than two beds in the adjacent rooms, their sleeping arrangements would be something he would gladly pay to see. He could, of course, move some of them down the corridor, but there was no need to make them comfortable when he wasn't - and hadn't been - since Supreme Leader Snooke had decided to send them, the bloody Knights of bloody Ren, aboard. "General Hux." The words, accompanied by the sound of a helmet sealing itself, brought his attention to the dark figure now advancing in his direction. His rapidly deteriorating mood plummeted instantly. "Ren. And..." Hux stopped. He couldn't remember the rest of the names. They were all 'something Ren' but he hadn't cared enough to memorize any of it. "The rest. Such an honor." Contempt dripped from his voice dense enough for one to savor it. It was a sweet release, the only one he had all things considered. Not everyone, however, was equally tolerant of his personal brand of well-mannered disrespect. Kylo Ren might have a short fuse and a quick temper, but he was too well versed in that language to mindlessly start chopping limbs. The big lump of meat now on his feet and making his way towards him was a different question altogether. Hux doubted he would have any qualms about cleaving him in half. "I would consider controlling your men, Ren," he sneered. "I don't think the Supreme Leader would take kindly if they start wrecking havoc in my fleet. Not after the latest fiasco." Ren's head moved inquisitorially to one side. "I fear you will have to expand on that, General." "Letting the Jedi wannabe run away? I admit that you have already showed an appalling lack of competence where she is concerned, but ending up with a whole freighter stranded in the middle of nowhere while the Resistance goes off with a shipment of our newest recruits takes the whole concept of failure to new heights." He looked around, his gaze lingering on each one of the group. "Out of curiosity. Who was responsible?" The lump of meat stopped in his tracks, his hands clenching the upper half of the large weapon he had with him. So there was his answer. He wasn't even surprised. He didn't know the rest of the Knights' work as well as he knew that of Ren but he had started assessing them in his mind as soon as he heard of the colossal disaster. He knew it couldn't have been the man now in front of him. Firstly, there was a kind of suicidal recklessness in Ren's conduct that didn't easily go unnoticed. And secondly, as much as he hated him, the Enforcer had a rather good head on his shoulders. He was quick to think, quick to adapt and not easily surprised. If something had gone so absurdly wrong under his command, Ren wouldn't have lost his footing, frozen and remained idle, sitting with his mouth agape as the Resistance happily made off into the stars. He would have given chase. And if doing that with a sabotaged hyperdrive didn't get him blown to pieces – one could hope - the Resistance would have had a really big problem to deal with. Then there was the woman. If he remembered correctly there had been at least another female Knight but he hadn't seen her in years. Not that with those bloody billowing clothes and masks it was easy to put an identity on any of them. Even so, if he were to place a bet, he would say that she was the one he had worked with on several prior occasions. She was the only one of the Knights whose "help" he would take without question if the Supreme Leader ever remembered to give him a choice. Like Ren, she had also been eliminated from his mental list rather quickly. He didn't have to ponder what she would do if anyone stormed her command and tried to steal something, as he knew it quite well. The Resistance, on the other hand, would have been up for an extremely nasty surprise if they had been dealing with her. The moment they put their hands on the prize - the carrier - she would have ordered it blown to kingdom come. A defeat is only a defeat if someone gains something , she had once said. She was a curious one, and actually he rather liked her. It was a pity, a true pity, that she had sworn her allegiance to the Knights. He would have gladly made her captain if she hadn't. So, one of the three remaining men was to blame. It was an interesting puzzle that one. It wasn't easy to scratch any of them. In fact, judging by the way their actions, missions and identities seem to mix together, anyone would think of them as some kind of three headed beast and not separate individuals. Setting aside the debate of who was responsible for the latest debacle – no easy feat since the lump of meat was still loudly grinding his teeth – he recounted what he knew of the personalities of the remaining Knights. Number one was the loner, the lean man who had announced him and was now inspecting one of his many detonators. That one was exclusively an assassin. Not a good bet. Number two: brutish, impatient guy being held in place by the woman's stretched legs. Possible culprit. Number tree: big lump of meat with the menacing weapon and anger control issues to rival Ren's. A surprisingly good commander and well liked by the troops, according to records, and also prone to start making bad decisions as soon as he lost the upper hand in battle. ... Right. Truth be told, the abrupt ending to what had been a rather pleasant mental exercise was still frustrating as hell the second time around. He really should have considered not looking through the files. Extend the pleasure. Find a way to force the information out of a man that, now that he thought about it, had yet to say a word. His eyes went from the Knight at his left to the absolutely still form of Ren. For someone who was always so damn quick with his comebacks, so set on getting the final word in each and every argument, he seemed awfully distant. In fact, he didn't seem to be paying attention at all . "Or maybe," Hux whispered, a small smile touching his lips when he detected some movement behind the mask. "you count your failures by the number of so called Knights you have lost. We are at what?" He looked around pretending to count the individuals present. "Four? I will leave the one you took care off out of this. It's only fair." That had hit the mark. Ren's shoulders tensed. Even with that accursed helmet he could see his demeanor changing. The air around them became oppressive, crackling like a storm was approaching. Without warning, Ren took a step forward, intruding so suddenly on his personal space that only the hard-wired reaction of keeping himself grounded kept him from backing up. "I do wonder, General, if this sudden interest in my affairs is a way to make you feel better about yours or an excuse to look away from them," he snarled. "FN-2187's leap to freedom does seem to have opened a floodgate. In fact, our lost 'new' recruits have some really interesting backgrounds. Second and third offenders. Non-conformity. Set for execution. Yes, General, I do read the reports. A shame this wasn't on yours. So the question does beg an answer, is this so called latest failure of mine, my responsibility or yours?" "I would be careful where I threw my accusations, Ren. The Supreme Leader is tolerant with you, but I am not him." "Curious. It never crossed my mind that you were." A strangled laugh rose from the group on the sofa. From whom it came from, however, he didn't have time to discover, as Ren was talking again. "So tell me, to what do I owe the immense pleasure of your presence?" he questioned. "That is, if this is not an extension of the welcoming committee. I would be truly honored if it was." Hux kept his eyes on him, clenching his teeth. Errand boy, indeed. "We have received information about the location of one of the Resistance hideouts. We are hitting their base. The Supreme Leader wants you, all of you, on the ground." Ren nodded his acknowledgment. As one, the Knights rose. Hux could feel his mouth setting into a hard line as he saw Ren made a gesture to join them and then stopped. "Anything else, General?" "There has been a change of plans," he announced. "If the Resistance leader, Leia Organa, is not yet dead, you are to kill her. Supreme Leader's orders. It should be simple enough for you." Chapter 3 : The Stormtrooper The Stormtrooper Finn knew a lost battle when he saw one. He had once been, and in lots of ways would always be, a stormtrooper. Even if his easy-going personality more often than not made everyone around him forget his origins and training - sometimes to the point they seemed to see him as some kind of inexperienced newbie - that was something that he could never do. Before desertion, FN-2187 had been one of the best recruits in Captain Phasma's stormtrooper program, an intelligent and inventive soldier she had herself praised, and that had never gone away. Even if he resented Phasma, hated her, had actually thrown her into the trash compactor on Starkiller base and wished beyond everything that she died there, he had been forced to come to terms with the fact that part of him was actually grateful for her hard and merciless training. If it wasn't for that, he would likely already be dead and the Resistance would have lost a precious advantage over the First Order. If it wasn't for that, he might have been waiting for the miracle that would turn the tide of the present battle instead of simply knowing that South Entrance, like the base, was lost from the start. "Finn, they are gaining on us fast!" The shout came from behind him, from the rather childish looking soldier that had been giving him cover for what seemed to have been hours. "We are not winning this!" Another ground assault transport was landing on the other side of the battlefield, its underbelly opening to deploy wave after wave of stormtroopers. "What do we do?" "Keep them at bay for as long as…" A huge piece of burning metal, what had been an X-Wing, crashed into the line of assault transports. In a panic, Finn raised his eyes to the sky, searching the carnage overhead for Poe's X-Wing and almost collapsing with relief when he saw the pilot's unmistakable acrobatics still in place. He knew the X-Wing squadrons were being slaughtered. Huge balls of fire were dropping out of the sky, mangled and unrecognizable pieces of metal raining down on both the Order's soldiers and his Resistance allies. He knew that when they did regroup there would be faces missing among the pilots, that he would end up crying over more than one friend. He just prayed Poe was not among them. His attention left the sky, moving to the soldier behind him and then to the battlefield they were presently sitting on. Shots were flying everywhere and corpses littered the open space between the two fields. The First Order had been able to clear their way to middle field and was now occupying the defensive trenches. In the distance, he could see glimpses of Phasma's silver platted armor as she organized the next assault. Even knowing that the Captain always accompanied her troops, he had not expected or desired to end up locking horns with her. Given the size of the base and the three or four attack fronts she and Hux had put on the ground, Finn had actually been quite certain he would be lucky enough to miss her. Instead, he had found himself personally targeted by her from wave one. "New assault." "Guns at the rea—!" His order was silenced by an aggressive roar. A huge black shuttle, one that he knew too well, was making its way down. The moment it flew overhead, what little hope he had of being able to keep the First Order at bay died. There were far more urgent priorities now. "Fall back! All of you fall back! Close the door!" They were dying as they were retreating, three of them caught in the chest by stormtrooper fire, a group to the far right blasted by a passing low-flying TIE. Finn was clenching his teeth, firing into the fast approaching offensive as he made his way to safety. "Finn! Come on!" He ran the last few meters. A shot grazed his head, blackening the wall behind him as he dove under the closing doors. The interior was awfully empty. Of his initial thirty something squad, less than half remained and most of them seemed to be injured. A young woman approached him, helping him to his feet with a bloodied hand. At his questioning gaze, her head made a slight move to a small alien propped against the wall. Finn didn't need her to shake her head to know he was dead. "Has the General left?" "No. And the door won't hold for long." "Let's hope it holds long enough." He turned his blaster against the door's commands, making what was left of the group follow him through the large access corridors of their base. Even if he had learned to never consider anywhere his home, the fast deterioration of the building was depressing to watch. The Resistance hadn't been there that long, but he had been able to bind some places to his memory. The room with the jammed door they were now passing had served as one of the pilot's dormitories. That was where that silly drinking competition Poe had dragged him into had taken place - not that he could remember half of it having been one of the first to succumb to all the drinking. Then there was the armory, now completely empty. The stairs that lead to the observatory and at the end of the corridor… A blaster shot crashed into the wall at his side, making them all stop to look at the huge mass of white moving through an adjacent corridor and in their direction. "Go! Go! Go!" He pointed his blaster down the corridor, shooting as the rest of the group ran past. The door to the base headquarters at the end of the corridor was opening. With a last volley of shots, he ran as fast as he could after the rest of the group, bursting through the door and almost falling over a fallen pile of large empty boxes that was sprawled all over the floor. Looking up, he saw the Twi-lek girl, Allya, with her blaster pointed directly at his head. Remembering her actions from earlier made him extremely relieved she wasn't as trigger happy now as she had been when the General had been attacked. "Put that down and close the door." She obeyed, rapidly inserting the code as his group surrounded the consoles in the middle of the large room. There were less than ten people there. Well, nine, as the tenth was the golden protocol droid that followed the General everywhere and that, true to his nature, was doing the same now. Finn stopped next to it, breathing heavily. "General, we have to go!" At his words Leia straightened, looking at him over the consoles' display. Finn cringed at the sight of the ugly gash marring the left side of her face. Even if she had looked far worse than she really was when they had rescued her from the burning room, Leia had not escaped unharmed. The right side of her face was swollen, one of her arms wrapped in bandages and her normally elegant moves broken by a slight limp. Even through her pain, however, it was them and not herself she was worried about. "So few…" "Now, General." "I'm not leaving until everyone is safe." The structure shook violently, large pieces of debris falling over them as an explosion rocked the building. "There is no time. They have broken through our defenses. Captain Phasma is leading the ground assault. She will lock us inside and turn this base into a killing ground!" Leia moved around the console, making the last remaining staff get up and directing them to the door. Not that she was going with them; her eyes were still set on the radar, following the few ships that had made past the TIE's and into the Finalizer 's line of fire. "General. They have started firing against the evacuation ships and that huge black thing that just landed…" "I know." Her voice sounded beyond tired. "I know, Finn." A new explosion was heard in the distance. Blaster shoots filled the building. "South entrance has fallen," announced one of the remaining men. "They are pouring in!" Finn pulled him from the consoles, shoving both him and his nearest colleague in the direction of the only door left available. Their escape routes were becoming fewer and fewer by the second. If they didn't leave now they might as well spare Phasma the trouble and shoot themselves. "General!" She had moved to the other side of the console now, her eyes set on the communications display. "Please, don't make me carry you." Leia stopped in her tracks, her eyes hardening at his words. A horrible sensation of déjà vu ran through him at the sight of that expression. Whatever she was going to say, however, was rapidly silenced by a horrible screeching noise coming from the door. Finn's stomach twisted as he turned around. "Defensive positions! Destroy the consoles!" Allya grabbed Leia's arm, pulling her to the exit. That she had decided to act like the General's shadow after the night's events was probably the only good thing that had come out of it. "Come. We are running out of time." If we haven't already. Finn dropped behind a stack of empty boxes, adjusting the blaster's scope as the door bent and snapped, crushed from the outside. He knew what was coming. Even if he still had no idea how this Force-thing worked, he was perfectly capable of recognizing its effects. They had a trained Force sensitive on their tracks: one of the enforcers, the so called Knights of Ren. Finn closed his eyes, leaning his head until it rested on the cold metal of the nearest box. He no longer cared how the Force did or didn't work. The only thing he wished was for it to listen. Please, let me get out of this. Let Poe be alive. Let me see Rey again. With a last painful screech, the door snapped. A tall ominous figure forced its way through the twisted metal. He knew who it was the moment a cross-shaped lightsaber came into view. Kylo Ren. Out of all possibilities it had to be him. Guess the Force is more on their side than ours. They were not getting out alive. "Open fire!" Ren raised his saber, protecting himself from the onslaught. That, however, was no reason for the way the blasts were missing him. The shots seemed to be bending, hitting walls, consoles and everything there except the person they were aimed at. For a moment, Finn's mind was transported to his first and last battle in the Order's service and the moment that same dark figure had turned to freeze a blaster shot midair. It was that all over again. Only this time he has a new trick. He had hoped they could at least keep their attacker at bay long enough for the General to enter the labyrinth of corridors that made the evacuation route. Once she was there, she would at least have a shot at saving herself. The time they could have bought, however, seemed now to be completely dependent not on them, but on how quickly Kylo Ren would assess the situation, lock onto his target and make his move. Finn knew that would take just seconds. They had seconds and the General had just reached the exit. "Keep firing! Protect the General!" They were still missing and, in a gesture that looked almost mocking, Ren turned to the mangled door, raised his left arm and closed his hand with a brutal gesture. The moment he pulled it down the entrance collapsed, half of the top floor caving in with a thunderous wail. A cloud of dust and debris burst forward as the lights failed, plunging them all into darkness. In the next instant, they were frozen in place, gripped by a cold, unrelenting force none could get away from and from which only the General had been spared. Finn could see her stopping, her hand gripping the door jamb. Don't look back. Run. Run! She didn't, instead she made her way back. Even if she couldn't have possibly outrun Ren, even if she would get killed either way, Finn wanted to scream. He should have made her leave sooner, thrown her into an evacuation transport if need be. That should have been his priority. That she was going to get captured or killed by the Order was on his head. It was entirely his responsibility. He should have guessed what their objective was the moment the Finalizer had appeared on the radars. After what had happened that same night, he should have known their intentions immediately. Finn tried to twist himself out of his prison. It was impossible to know how long he could last in a confrontation against Ren, but it should be enough, he hoped, for the General to escape. If he was going to be killed anyway, he would prefer going down fighting rather than suspended like a piece of meat by a Force trick. But try as he might, he couldn't release himself. The old wound on his back was throbbing with the effort and he couldn't move a single muscle. Leia stopped in front of him. There was no escape. Her small, proud form was the only thing between all of them and the towering monster standing in the middle of the red tinged shadows. Rey could have stopped him; she had stopped him before. More than wish her there, though, more than wishing he could see her again, he wished desperately that she wouldn't be made to watch what was coming. If she wasn't to be spared their deaths, if the Force was so set on favoring the First Order that it had tipped the scales completely in their favor, then at least a small kindness. That was all he asked for. Don't make her see this. The threatening hum of the lightsaber was getting closer. Death, he knew, would show no mercy. Chapter 4 : The Scavenger The Scavenger The universe, Rey had discovered, was a web of memory: fragments of what had been, of what was and the echo of half a million possible futures being born and dying in every instant. In it there was nothing permanent save for the past. Finding hers, however, when there was so little to latch onto, was like trying to feel her way in the dark. She had seen fragments of her life in her dreams or in disturbing visions that kept assaulting her, and she remained incapable of understanding. She had seen fire and rain, been surrounded by death, found herself face to face with Kylo Ren, and all the while been so terrified that the only thing she wished to do was run. Worse still, was when she woke up crying, not even remembering the reason for her tears. Today, however, it was different. She was running over a small bridge in what appeared to be a well kept garden. Neatly cut shrubs and beds of flowers slipped past her as she went faster and faster. It was beyond beautiful. It felt safe and warm. It felt happy. Her desire to know exactly where she was, though, was not to be pursued. The child she had once been was getting off of the path. Soft grass was now around her feet, roots trying to trip her, shrubs pulling at her hair. Despite that, she didn't stop. Her mind was set on the lake now emerging in front of her and on something orange floating between the water lilies and green moss covering its surface. It was too far for her to reach it, midway between the bridge and shore. Even so, tiny hands stretched in a desperate struggle to capture it, rowing the water in her direction in an effort to get it closer. "You are going to fall." The voice startled her, making her jump backwards and look around in search of whoever was there with her. It took a while to find him. His clothes, a dark shade of brown, blended into the rocks and almost completely hid him. She hadn't noticed him on arrival, but judging by the way he was sitting - his legs folded, head resting on one hand - and the large book laying on the ground in front of him, he had been there for a long time. Rey bit her lip, ignoring him in favor of the still floating orange object. Her fingers touched one of the water lilies leaves, pulled it aside and began rowing the water again. "I said that you are going to fall." He seemed older than her dream self, fourteen or maybe fifteen, but time had robbed him of a face or at least distorted his features so much that he could have been anyone. Only his voice remained clear: warm, rich and calm. Deceivingly calm. Not that she had any idea why she thought it so. "When you do fall, I will not help you." "I will not..." Her hands slipped. In an instant, she was surrounded by cold water, slowly being swallowed by a dark world she couldn't release herself from. Panic grabbed her and then something else did, pulling her back to the light with surprising strength. "Zero out of ten," she heard the boy's voice say as she gulped for air. "I knocked off ten for the inartistic twist mid air and falling nose first into the water. Put your feet in the ground; it's not that deep." Rey obeyed, stretching her legs until her feet were well set in the ground. Her hair was all over her face, little leaves tangled in it, but she seemed somehow to have escaped the moss. Even if he was not drenched, the boy had not been so lucky. His pants had turned green since the last time she had seen him and his hands were not much better. "All good?" She nodded, embarrassment gripping her as she noticed the water stopped somewhere around the middle of her chest. He released her and with two careful strides climbed out of the lake, crouching to offer his hand in help. Rey, forcing her way through the water behind him, shook her head. "I can get out alone." She put her hands on the tiles that outlined the shore mimicking is movement to get out. "See?" "I didn't doubt you." He let himself fall onto the grass, using his arms to prop himself up from that position. "What were you doing anyway?" Rey, mid way into removing the leaves from her hair, looked to the lake, a wave of panic instantly grabbing her. "My pilot." She could almost feel his confusion. "My doll. It's a Resistance pilot. It has an orange uniform and..." Her eyes were burning. She could no longer see it. How was she supposed to find it now? "How did it get there?" Somewhere inside the little girl, an older Rey fought to answer his question. Had someone thrown the doll in the lake? Had she dropped it? She knew the answer had to be somewhere, but, before she could find it, the boy had sat up, stretching his arm towards the water and all her questions were immediately replaced with the little girl's confusion. She followed his movement, her attention setting first on his arm, then on the lake. Something was disturbing the water. A ripple was forming close to the center, bubbles breaking the surface as if it had started to boil. Rey took a step back, taking refuge behind him. "What...?" An orange rag broke the surface, levitating for a moment above the water and shooting straight to the boy's hand. "Here." She was gapping at him, so astonished that only when she had the doll secure in her arms was she able to speak. "Thanks!" "It's probably full of leeches, though." Rey screamed, dropping the doll only to hear him trying to suppress a bellyful of laughter. Older Rey wanted to punch him - and hard, for that matter. She really didn't care how old he was, that hadn't been the least bit funny. Curiously enough, it seemed that was something she and her younger self agreed on. A tiny fist was making contact with his arm, hitting him with all the strength she could muster. She might as well have tickled him, as the contact made him lose all self-restraint. If he had been trying to control his laughter earlier, he was not trying now. "You're really mean!" she screeched, hugging the water out of the doll. "People won't like you if you do that!" And yet, whatever her words were, even if she kind of wished to punch him again, she actually felt a strange sense of fondness for the older boy. Biting her lip, she sat down right next to where he laid, columns of light falling all around him. "What is your name? I'm..." "Rey!" For the second time, Rey was startled. This time around, however, she knew exactly to whom the voice belonged. "Rey, are you in there?" Luke Skywalker. She stretched, working out the knots in her back as she stood up. Contrary to the large, well lit garden she had stood in mere seconds ago, reality found her in a small, dark hut with little more than herself for company. Having claimed the shed for herself when she first arrived on the island, Rey had since added small touches to its interior - a small vase she had found while exploring the island was set next to her rather uncomfortable bed; a soft, multi-colored cloth she had found on the Falcon was suspended over the door, and the small window, the only source of light, had little cacti growing all over it. Of all her few possessions, her favorite were the flowers. She had cut them herself, dried them and now they were everywhere. In the old vase, peeking from the large gash between the stones and even in the depression in the center of the hut. It was simple, it was close to nothing, but they made the hut feel a little like a home. Her true home, on the other hand, the Millenium Falcon , was still in shambles, too fiercely defended by Chewie to go through any changes, even those it so desperately and clearly needed. Her courage, it seemed, was enough to confront the First Order, but rapidly drained at the sight of the mournful Wookie. She couldn't, for the life of her, take what little he had left of his old friend, of Han Solo, away from him. Even if the carrier felt like a mausoleum, even if she was certain that was the last thing Han would have wished, she didn't feel she had the right to disturb it. "Rey?" Luke's voice was beginning to sound worried. In an instant, Rey had run to the door, struggled with the wind to open it and stepped aside to let the visibly relieved Jedi master enter. "Are you alright? I thought…" He stopped mid sentence. Even half blinded by the strong light outside his eyes had found the flowers. "Those are new." "Do you like them?" He looked around, seemingly thinking about his answer. Rey wanted to smile at the way his mind was fighting to find what to say. She knew he had no strong feelings towards her newest additions. Luke was an essentially practical person and true to that he surrounded himself with those things that served a purpose. He would find beauty in medicinal herbs, tea leaves and spices. Beauty for the sake of beauty, however, was a concept he wasn't able to grasp. Even if he was far too polite to ever put his thoughts into words, she knew he saw this particular hobby as a waste of time. "It's agreeable," he ended up saying, the mechanical hand combing his hair backwards as his profoundly blue eyes turned again to her, concerned. "Are you alright? I have been calling you for some time." "My apologies, I was… distracted." Luke frowned at those words, clearly conscious of their true meaning. "Did you see something?" Rey hesitated. "Just a child." Well, if there was a way of telling something and saying absolutely nothing, she had surely mastered it. Maybe it was because she had only known Luke for a short amount of time, but she never been particularly comfortable sharing her visions with him. If anything, he had by now grown accustomed to her vague responses. Today, however, the idea of sharing what she saw, of telling him about the boy, was causing more than simple discomfort. She suddenly felt defensive. "A child? A living child?" "I don't think he is a child now." "I see." In an instant, hope turned to sadness. "Try not to lose yourself in the past, Rey. It's the present and future that should interest us, not the shadow of what was." "I haven't forgotten your teachings." "Nor my criticism," he sighed, disapproval directed at himself. "Tell me about this friend of yours." She knew that the question was coming and, even so, was caught off guard. If Luke hadn't noticed her lack of eagerness to talk before, he did now. His expression became softer. "I rarely see you smile, Rey, and yet this child filled you with happiness," he noted. "I can see it in your face. Tell me about him." Rey massaged her neck. The garden, so vivid mere moments ago, was rapidly losing its colors. All the small details, the moss, the flowers, even the boy's voice, were all leaving her. Even so, she remembered him well. She had no wish to forget him. "He was… nice and kind of mean at the same time." "Sounds like my sister." Right. Because that made so much sense. "General Organa is really sweet." "Obviously you never saw her on a bad day or tried to save her. She has a really sharp tongue. If I remember correctly, she called Chewie a walking carpet." Rey didn't know if she should laugh or not. Knowing the aforementioned Wookie, she felt more like admiring the General's nerve than anything else. Luke, on the other hand, was lost to his memories, melancholy drawing a smile on his tired features. "And the Falcon , you should have heard…" A low growl came from the door. Chewbacca's head broke through the cloth. It took a few moments for Rey to understand what he was saying and, when she did, Luke was already out the door. She grabbed both her staff and the lightsaber and sprinted after him, her stomach tying itself into an uncomfortable knot as she stepped onto the grass and climbed to one of the tallest huts. Rey could hear the communication device crackling before she entered; the voices coming from it were indistinct, but the sounds… The Resistance is under attack. Those had been Chewie's words. What she was hearing though… "Those are blaster shots. They… The First Order is inside their base!" Luke was fighting to get the signal clearer and for an instant she thought she heard Finn's voice, urgent and commanding, on the other side. The uncomfortable knot was now painfully similar to being stabbed. "We have to help!" "You will not get there in time. Calm down, Rey." Only she couldn't. Explosions were coming from the listening device and Finn's voice - because it was definitely Finn's voice - was there with them. She couldn't stay here, safe and sound, and simply listen. She had to do something. She had to… Before she was able to think about what she was doing, she had stormed out, her face hit by the cold, oceanic breeze as she ran downhill. Luke was shouting her name, but she wasn't listening. The Falcon . She had to get to the Falcon . She had to save them. Chapter 5 : The Strategist The Strategist "Three," Hux counted, his eyes leaving the Finalizer 's damage report to face the black clad group gathering on the shadowy bridge. "It shouldn't take too long before you run out of allies, Ren." "General, this isn't wise." I'm not in the mood to be wise. Even so he had to recognize Phasma, now taking her place at his side, was right. Even with his eyes dropping to focus on the report and his mind half consumed by the calculations pertaining to the time needed to ship and install the two main thrusters one demented X-Wing pilot had somehow managed to destroy, he could see Kylo Ren pacing around the bridge. Even the Knights, what was left of them anyway, were staying away from him. Personally, however, he was either becoming suicidal or his fury was leading him into the realms of lunacy. He wasn't, and had never been, afraid of Kylo Ren. True, he kept a close eye on the man's explosive temper, but that was more out of concern for the Finalizer 's well‑being than his own. He was also perfectly aware that Ren could physically over power him with ease and that the Force would only make that easier. He knew he was dangerous. Even so, he didn't tiptoe around him, didn't censor his thoughts, and didn't for one moment hide his dislike for the man. That being said, he had always been prudent and it was that exact sense of caution that he felt dangerously close to throwing out the proverbial window. It had taken three days - three bloody days - to conquer and stabilize the area, and what did they have to show for it? An empty, half-collapsed building, an increasingly towering pile of Resistance fighters' corpses and assorted body parts, his flagship sitting like a duck for Force knows how long and no dead Leia Organa! He didn't care if Ren was acting like a demented caged beast. For once, he was sure that no matter how pissed the Enforcer was, he himself was more so. "We had them surrounded," Hux observed. For all his fury, his voice hadn't lost the cool, collected tone it normally possessed. "How did she escape?" A short, uncomfortable silence was the first answer to his question, then, to his surprise, Phasma took a step forward. "I assume the responsibility for that, General." "I fear I'm not understanding you." "A large number of the stormtroopers responsible for closing the northern entrance betrayed us. I had personally handpicked them. This is my responsibility." If the silence was uncomfortable before, now it could have been cut with a knife. Hux's fingers ran over the reports edges' time and time again. He hadn't bothered to look in Phasma's direction on arrival; in his mind, failure was not something associated with the Captain, and therefore he couldn't possibly say what shocked him more: her words or the state of the normally impeccably polished silver armor. She looked like a mess. Mud and blood were smeared all over the protections and on her right side the plates had turned black from corrosion. The acrid smell they gave was assaulting his nostrils in such a way that he couldn't fathom how he hadn't noticed something was off before. Even knowing they had just come from the planet's surface that was not normal. "Details." "There is little more to it, Sir. Our north offensive collapsed as soon as it hit the ground. The troops began fighting each other instead of the Resistance and their general took advantage of the situation. Survivors report a large number of stormtroopers jumping into the transport with her." Hux dropped the report on the nearest console, pinching his nose as he tried and nearly failed to keep his rising fury from bursting forward. Nobody, least of all himself, had anything to gain by having the commanding officer of the Finalizer losing his ability to think straight. He needed answers and he needed them fast. "Why wasn't I informed?" "We have been fighting pockets of our own men from the moment the Resistance left. I ordered radio silence." She didn't continue, even so he knew perfectly what was left unsaid. Neither she nor any of the stormtroopers where particularly knowledgeable about the Finalizer , but to see it lazily stationary in the sky would have set alarm bells off in the mind of even the densest of the soldiers. The Resistance certainly knew more than enough about his command ship's current state; he doubted the pilot responsible for it hadn't repeated his story to exhaustion by now. Considering what Phasma was saying, he could easily imagine the thoughts behind her decision: no need for the Resistance to know the full reach of their present predicament and take advantage of it. It had been a sound decision. That being said, he really wished she hadn't bothered to make it. The Finalizer was more than capable of surviving those Resistance flies. It had all its cannons still in place, it was maneuverable even without the main thrusters, and presently he really needed to take a shot at something least he went completely off his rocker from sheer frustration. The strategy had been close to perfect. He had studied it again and again in search of the mortal flaw that landed them in their present situation, but the flaw had been something he couldn't control. They had been betrayed and, because of that, they were fighting traitors in some backwater planet instead of loading a body to present to the Supreme Leader upon returning to headquarters. The only silver lining he could think of – because at least some of his hard thought plan had actually been a success – was that in its hasty retreat, the Resistance was unknowingly revealing their hideouts. He had made sure to put trackers in all the ships they had let escape. Not that he would get his hopes up based on that, as the ships had gone in all possible directions. The hunt would take time and there was no assurance it would lead them to their target. Even so it was better than nothing; at least they weren't again at the start line, like after the Ilenium system. This time they had leads. He could work with that. More like I have to work with that. With the Technology Department handling his latest request at the speed it was moving, he really had no choice. "How much longer until we control the surface?" "Hours, Sir. But I would advise making a full sweep of the area with the Finalizer 's tracking system before leaving." "We are not leaving any time soon, Captain," he retorted, coldly. "Your men will have days to comb the area extensively before we get any assistance here." He took the report again only to stop before actually having the chance to start reading it. There was that strange silence again. What was it now? Why was he having to force every bit of information out of Phasma? What…? He stopped in the middle of his exasperated mental tirade and carefully studied the remaining Knights. The man with the detonators was not in a much better state than the Captain. Judging by the pattern of the burns and torn cloth, he had probably been right beside her when whatever happened had happened. Not obviously injured, but clearly using the small frame of the female Knight for support, the surviving member of the muscle duo didn't seem any worse for wear. That being said, one of them was bleeding, as he could see drops of blood marring the floor. Phasma's reticence to talk… "And the…?" His mind screeched to a halt. Who exactly was missing? How was he supposed to know that when the two Knights were so disturbingly similar? Last time he had seen them together, down in the Officer's Quarters, it had been easy, but while apart… I have no time for this. His eyes abandoned the group to focus on the dark figure now coming in their direction. "Who did we so tragically lose, Ren?" The remaining Knights shrank. Phasma, on the other hand, didn't. "The missing Knight was gunned down," she informed. "By whom?" "Harbor a guess, General." This time the voice answering belonged to Ren. If Hux had expected his tone to match his angry stance, he would have been wrong. His voice was calm, mocking and deadly. The reason everyone in the group was walking on eggshells was more than clear now. The last time they had heard that tone, one of his bridge officers had ended up half strangled. "I assume the responsibility for that as well." Phasma's words made Ren stop in his tracks. His torso turned slowly in their direction, the dark mask hiding his eyes settling menacingly on them. "If Veshay was stupid enough to get herself killed, it's on her head not yours, Captain." Ren started, leading Hux to the realization that he had been incorrect in his initial assumption that three of the Knights were male. If their uniforms didn't hide the most basic details... "As for your apologies, I would rather have a corpse than empty words." "We are making all possible efforts to find it, Sir." "Clearly you will have to double those," he said. "We will not leave without the body. I don't care how long it takes or what you have to do. I want it retrieved." Hux pinched the bridge of his nose. Once upon a happier time, he would be blissfully unaware of where the present conversation was leading. Unfortunately, that innocent version of himself had crashed and burned somewhere down the line and became far more knowledgeable than it wished. "If you think I will be turning the Infirmary into a morgue, Ren, you…" But Phasma had not finished talking. Her clear, strong voice was filling the bridge and for some reason what she said was far more audible than his exasperated words. It was like watching a disaster unfolding in slow motion. "Sir, we have to consider the possibility this Veshay has been captured. Or possibly deserted." And that was it. The unstable, red lightsaber sprang to life. A group of officers in Ren's vicinity scrambled out of the way as he took a long step to the nearest console and raised the weapon. There goes the communication system, a rather nonchalant voice said in his head as the weapon feel, crashing into the console, one-two-three-four… Hux stopped counting. The fury he had been keeping in check was rising. He was seeing red. I'm going to kill him! Chapter 6 : The Scavenger The Scavenger Master Luke was furious. Sitting behind the commands of the Millenium Falcon , her eyes glued to the Finalizer 's large frame, Rey muttered an honest apology to Luke's last message, permitted herself a moment's hope, and made the communication system receiver run through the channels used by the First Order. Like all times before that, however, she had no luck. Apart from the communications between the TIE squadrons that were flying around the warship, the region was eerily quiet. There had not been a single message received and not one sent since she arrived, and even at that distance it wasn't difficult to see something had gone very wrong with the warship. I hope the Resistance was what went wrong. A small group of strange looking ships left the Finalizer's monstrous hangar, maneuvering around it until they reached the thrusters. Rey followed them with her eyes, observing their slow, careful motions with interest. The group was entering one of the larger ship's thrusters. She was too far away to see exactly what they were doing but some half hour later the small dots reappeared. As they pulled away, the thruster came with them, slowly separating from its socket. "That's kind of cool," she murmured, sprawled over the Falcon 's commands to try to take a better look at what was happening. If they were going to repair the thruster she really would have a hard time not getting the Falcon closer. A thing that size… Repairing, though, didn't seem to be on the Order's agenda. The ships dragged the thruster and released it, letting it fall in the planet's direction. In an instant, a flame appeared against the green. Rey felt her heart ache. That could have been dismantled and used to… She stopped herself before she finished. I'm not a scavenger anymore. Even so, seeing the second thruster joining the first and burn on entry was not made easier. Her mind had gone back to selling parts and buying portions and that was not a place she could easily get away from. It had been part of her life for far too much time. I'm a Jedi apprentice and I'm not here to worry about how many portions the First Order just burnt. She turned to the communication system again. The search kept only finding silence. She stopped it and turned the handle manually, listening for anything that could have been from the Resistance. Come on. Come on… Silence again. Like Luke had said, she was too late, far too late to help anyone. They could of course have escaped, but even that was looking bleaker and bleaker. She had been trying to keep her eyes as far away as possible from the carcasses of several Resistance ships floating around her, but she had to acknowledge their presence. Even if some really had been able to escape, the First Order had caused a bloodbath and the chances of survival… "Chewie, are you having any luck?" A long growl answered her question. It was a "no". Even so Rey jumped out of the pilot's chair determined to join him in the Falcon 's common room. The moment she did so a stab of pain in her shoulder stopped her in her tracks, making her reach for the back of the chair while groaning. Not this again. She lowered herself to the chair, forcing her breathing to remain slow and controlled as she waited for the pain to subside. Chewie, who clearly had heard her groan, entered the cockpit. "I'm fine," she assured, smiling at the wookie. "Don't worry. Just a cramp." It was an outright lie, but there was nothing she could have said that actually described what that sudden sensation was or what was causing it. There was absolutely no reason for her to be feeling any sort pain but… It always comes back… She took a slow, controlled breath, silencing the fear that rose in her heart every time what she had come to call "ghost pain" resurfaced. It was not that bad this time. It was bearable, manageable. No reason to worry. Master Luke had assured there was nothing wrong with her. She was fine… I am fine. Only there were moments she sincerely doubted she was. There had been one particular occasion some weeks after her arrival on Ach-Too that had cemented that certainty in her mind rather deeply. Even if looking at that moment from the comfortable distance of the present made her accept that between her fear for Finn's life and the shock of Han Solo's death, she had had more than a few reasons to feel as unwell as she was feeling, the profound mental exhaustion she had been struggling with was anything but normal. Even now, remembering that was disturbing. She had felt tired to the point of not being able to feel. She had been sure she would return to normal the moment Finn woke up only… I didn't. She had been afraid then. She knew she had to talk to someone, but Finn, the only person she felt comfortable with, was on the other side of the galaxy and Master Luke… Why can't I ever bring myself to talk to him? He is wise and kind and... And she knew he cared about her. Every time she had tried to tell him though, she ended up not touching the subject. And then I almost caused him a heart attack. It embarrassed her to think about it. She had been on the top of the island with him, on the exact same place she had met him, trying to convince him to take her as his apprentice, when it happened. She wouldn't forget it for as long as she lived, the way the massive wave of agony had crashed into her and sent her to the ground. She didn't remember anything else until she had woken to Luke's livid face but the pain… She couldn't forget that pain. It was like all her bones had been broken. Like before, however, there was nothing wrong with her. Nothing, at least, that anyone could find and for some reason the agony had burnt the lethargy out of her. Mentally she felt like herself again. It was all so strange, so completely nonsensical that after that occasion, she had never said a word about it again. In her mind, she felt that if she ignored it, it would end up going away. Only, it never had. It had become sporadic and never again affected her mood that seriously, but the pain always came back. It's like something snapped inside my shoulder , she thought. Her fingers felt around the muscle going from her chest to her arm, touching the pained spot carefully but, as suspected, there was nothing wrong. She took a deep breath, prepared for a stab of pain and pressed the muscle. Again nothing. She should just stop being stubborn and talk to Luke. Or, if not to him, because she had the irritant tendency of getting tongue tied next to him, to someone else who could give her a hint about what was happening. Maz Kanata, for example. She knew about the Force; she was really old, old enough to remember the Jedi Order in its prime and possibly to have shared their knowledge. Maz Kanata would know what to do. She was a good bet. Not that I know where she is. Well, maybe not that good. I could make the best of my time here, go tap on the Finalizer's door and ask Kylo Ren , she told herself sarcastically. A nice talk, a hot tea, and with any luck I could also make that General of theirs tell me what happened to the Resistance. If Finn was there and heard that he would be laughing. Laughter, however, didn't come to her easily; it was one of the many things Jakku had burnt out of her while nurturing a crushing feeling of loneliness and fear of loss. They can't be dead. Finn can't be dead. She forced herself to swallow the pain and got up. Chewie was waiting for her in the main room, an auricular next to his ear. "Still nothing?" He growled, shaking his head in response. "I think the Finalizer is having some problems with its communications. The system is completely silent," Rey said, taking a sit besides the Wookie. The surveillance equipment he had connected to the Falcon was ancient. As far as their current predicament went, however, it was probably their best bet on finding anyone. "What do you think we should do? Do we risk sending a message? If we wait…" She felt her heart drop at the sound of her own words. She had been waiting most of her life. Hadn't Jakku taught her anything about what that accomplished? Chewie's large hand gripped her shoulder gently, a low, complex set of roars rising from his chest. "I know." If they are dead they won't come back, and if they are alive we better find them ourselves. She got up. "We are leaving." Chapter 7 : The Strategist The Strategist "General, this is not a good time." "Is it ever?" The thunder crackled overhead, a low rumble filling the air as he looked around to access his surroundings. In all, Hux admitted, he had been expecting a lot worse than what he was seeing. Phasma's reports had led him to believe the region was still littered with bodies and other remnants of the battle. She had gone so far as to try and redirect his arrival to Landing Area 1 near South Entrance just the day previous on the grounds that North Entrance was not fit to receive anyone. Either the Captain had a very different idea of what "fit" meant or she had made the soldiers labor all night to get it to its present state. There were no bodies, no wrecked X-Wing or TIEs, no discarded weapons—in fact, if it was not for the scorched marks on the buildings and blood on the ground, the overturned vehicles that had clearly been barricades and the defensive trenches, not to mentioned the gutted former base with one of its three domes collapsed – he would have had a hard time convincing himself that he truly was standing on a battlefield. Even the smell is wrong , he thought as the cold wind whipped the long jacket against his body, bringing the scent of pine trees, rain and wet earth to his attention. It smelled exactly like Arkanis. Even the tempestuous sky above him looked like the one in Arkanis. I'm getting homesick. The realization hit him the moment he found himself looking up, hoping the sun would break through the heavy clouds he had specifically choosen to synchronize his arrival with. Not that there was any chance of that. He had made sure there wasn't. After that time being forced to inspect one of the Technology Department's weapon development sites while being half-blinded by the sun's glare, he always made sure the sun wouldn't make an appearance during any of his planetary visits. It was only now he really wished he hadn't taken that precaution. He would have enjoyed seeing a column of light breaking from the clouds… Now I'm getting homesick and sentimental. He rolled his eyes at that. At least the realization had the good side-effect of throwing that idiocy out of his mind. The quicker I get back to the Finalizer… A familiar sound broke his thoughts, making his head snap towards the line of trees on the other side of the landing pad. "Do I hear blaster fire, Captain?" "A patrol detected a group of deserters hiding in the forest," she informed him, her cape flapping in the wind. "Ren took charge of the offensive." As if in response to her words, a huge column of dirt and pine needles exploded over the top of the trees, moving in the opposite direction of the wind with an abnormal pattern. "I can see that." The one time I want to talk to the man, he's Force blasting his way into battle. "I believe you discovered something of interest?" "I could have sent that up, Sir." "You said that yesterday, Captain, and the day before. Where is it?" Phasma turned on her heels, making a signal for him to follow her. She guided him around the building and then through a heavily guarded secondary landing area Hux believed to be the one he had initially considered for the offensive and ended up deciding against. If he was correct both on his present whereabouts – something that judging by the clover like drawing of the landing platforms he believed he was – and on his previous assessment of the regional risks, there should be a cleverly placed line of defensive towers somewhere in the same direction as the distant, and now skeletal, anti-aircraft battery to the south. And there they are. Only three remained standing and just one intact, the strange thing was… "Captain, why are we felling trees?" "Corpse disposal, Sir," she informed, not looking in his direction. "I thought it safer considering how much time it's taking to control the area." Corpse disposal… He swore if that somehow involved constructing massive bonfires on Ren's orders… "And the trees, Captain?" he insisted, pointing her attention towards the large clearing next to the former defensive towers. "What was that for?" "Graves. I ordered the bodies of the soldiers who remained loyal to the Order buried away from the ones of traitors and Resistance fighters." "That, Captain, is a waste of time." "I see it as pragmatism, Sir. No need to alienate any devoted soldiers over the treatment we give their dead comrades. Things are bad enough as it is." They entered the forest, walking over the crushed weeds of an overgrown path until a clearing opened among the trees and a large group of stormtroopers came into view. One really didn't need to ask what they were walking into; the stench was enough. Forget Arkanis, the place smelled exactly of what it was: a mass grave. "We had to reopen this site. There is a… discrepancy between registries that needs to be clarified," Phasma informed him as a soldier on the farthest end of the large pit to his right scanned a body, gave a command and the two transporting it threw it inside the hole. "Lieutenant." A soldier with a red shoulder guard approached, handed a screen to Phasma, and removed himself from their presence at her command. Only when he was sufficiently distant not to be able to overhear them, did she give him the monitor. "North Entrance." Hux frowned, selecting said entry and running through it. The information being displayed was little else than a long chain of stormtroopers' identification numbers and their statuses. Even so, it took only a moment to notice a pattern between several of those who were neither identified as "Deceased" nor "Alive." "We had a battalion join the Resistance," he commented, evenly, after running the document up and down for several minutes. "And its complete chain of command." Phasma took a step closer; her voice had become so quiet it was actually difficult to understand her. "Sir… Was this battalion acting under your command?" "I wouldn't take control over your subordinates without bringing it to your attention first, Captain." "I hoped you might." She looked around, on the other extreme of the pitch the soldiers were throwing another corpse down the hole. "Do you believe Ren might have ordered it?" "As an infiltration attempt or treason?" "The first one, Sir." Hux cleaned the drops of rain that were starting to hit the screen. "His orders were to kill the Resistance Leader. I fail to see what this would accomplish in that scenario." Unless he wished to let her escape… The thought flashed through his mind like lightning just to be cast aside a second latter. Unless Ren wished to bring the full force of the Supreme Leader's wrath down on himself – and they were all bound to brave that particular storm after this new fiasco – there was absolutely no reason to do something as obvious as what Phasma was presently showing him. This would be the height of stupidity… And the man was a compassionate fool, not a brainless one. Or at least he had been. The First Order had been blissfully out of that kind of nonsense since that foolishness with the scavenger girl. His reticence to rip the information out of her head and kill her had exploded in his face and almost gotten him killed. If anything, they should be grateful to the girl for curing him of that particular brand of idiocy and, if not to her, to the Supreme Leader. Whatever that training had been, it had worked. Not that he had the same amount of faith in the Supreme Leader's methods as Snooke himself seemed to have, but... I'm expecting him to relapse at any moment, not to part ways with his brain. And by that he meant he was expecting a not so obvious act of kindness not a clear act of treason. Even he had more faith in Kylo Ren than that. Not much, truth be told, but enough. Even so… Better safe than sorry. "Keep this information out of Ren's hands for the time being, Captain," he said, still with his eyes on the screen. If Ren was betraying them, he would be keeping the upper hand. "You talked about a discrepancy in the registries?" Phasma's fingers were tapping on the blaster. "I wish to have more than suspicions before discussing that, Sir." "As you wish. And…" he hesitated, his mind still knocking around the missing battalion and ending up scratching around a name he could not make himself remember. "The missing Knight?" "We remain unable to…" She stopped, looking over his head towards the forest. There was something moving between the trees, heavy footsteps could be heard crushing leaves and behind it… "Defensive positions!" Phasma shouted above the approaching sound of blaster fire. The group of stormtroopers lead by Phasma had only enough time to close ranks in front of Hux before a group burst out of the forest, blasters firing towards the trees as if they were running away from someone. The identity of said pursuer become apparent the same instant a massive wave of air threw one of the stormtroopers across the clearing and into the pit behind them. "Friendly incoming," Phasma's clear voice announced. "Choose targets, men! Fire only on my command! Fire!" The retreating figures fell in a volley of shoots, rapidly being replaced by a second, larger group stumbling out of the forest and into Phasma line of fire. "Fire!" Another Force blast, this time followed by the unmistakable sound of a lightsaber crashing into something. More likely someone. He could see it now, the red tinge between the green and grey trees and a fast approaching black clad figure. A third group of stormtroopers was also coming into view. Phasma held her open hand up in front of her group, concentrating on the battle between the trees. The blaster fire was coming closer and closer. "Back away slowly, men. Keep General Hux covered at all costs. Guns at the ready," she called. "General, leave that pistol alone and put your head down!" There was blaster fire flying around them now, most of it too high to represent any real danger as they backed away. The group between the trees was approaching fast. The red lightsaber thundered, forming a wide ark and whipping a stormtrooper square in the chest. Behind it, a group of soldiers was becoming visible, marching a few meters behind the dark figure. "Aim to anyone not behind the Commander. Keep a low line of fire. At my command…" The air exploded: gunfire, shouts, and the aggressive roar of a lightsaber echoing all around them. It all ended as suddenly as it started. In the middle of the rapidly controlled chaos, only two figures remained locked as if in battle. Kylo Ren, his saber ablaze in his hands, and an extremely tall, muscular stormtrooper impaled at the chest by the red blade. Ren's left hand stretched to the white helmet, the white faceless protection fell to the ground, rolling over the high grass and stopping. The dark visor of Ren's helmet locked with two deeply blue eyes until they lost their expression, then the saber was pulled out of the man's chest, letting him fall limply to the ground. "Take him. Secure the region," he ordered to the two soldiers at his back, moving away from them and towards Phasma as he spoke. "Captain, I was lead to believe this area had been abandoned." "A last moment decision, Sir." "Have you found the body?" "We haven't and I have to reiterate my belief that this Veshay deserted. The sooner we consider this scenario…" "Captain," Ren interrupted, his tone polite but final. "I'm the one who has the unfortunate pleasure of knowing Veshay. Treason is your men's expertise, not hers." Hux pinched his nose at that. Contrary to what had happened when they first had been hit by a desertion – that FN-2187 desertion – he really had no way of dismissing that accusation now. Even so, Ren's tone was infuriating in the extreme. "What are you suggesting, Sir?" Phasma asked. "That she truly and completely become one with the Force, apparently," Hux offered, putting away his weapon as several soldiers ran past them. "You might want to start considering contamination, Ren, instead of this blind faith in this Veshay." "And you might start considering using the Finalizer as more than a sky ornament, General, and run a planetary sweep over this place." "Might I remind you, Ren, that your antics with that saber damaged more than our communication system," Hux retorted, and there was a small sense of victory in knowing that, for once, the result of one of Ren's temper tantrums was proving as frustrating to him as to everyone else. "If you want a planetary sweep, use the Force." "There are ways one can hide from the Force," Ren snapped. "As for your question, Captain, I don't remember ever stating I believed Veshay to be dead, only that I wanted the body as proof." That made both him and Phasma stop. There were times Hux sincerely wished he could put his hands around the bloody man's neck and squeeze. How were they supposed to know that?! "Neither I nor the Captain read minds, Ren," he growled. "If this Veshay is alive, what would her present course of action be?" "Concern yourself with finding Veshay's or her body's whereabouts, General. Her actions are none of your concern." Of course, because having you hunting someone down never affected us in any way. If he needed any more reasons for opposing the Knights involvement with military operations, Ren had just about given him another one. It wasn't enough that they disrupted the chain of command and their orders took precedence over everything else; now the fleet, his fleet, had to worry about their – unless he was very much mistaken on his reading of the situation – inner conflicts. I will not have lightsaber battles aboard the Finalizer! Force knew his flagship had already suffered enough damage from one lightsaber wielding maniac to have two or more doing the same. He had to get rid of them - both Ren and his Knights - and the sooner the better. "I believe you are familiar with sector DCF-98." Ren locked the dark visor with his eyes, cold drops of rain falling against his helmet as he did so. When he spoke, his voice held not annoyance, but a strange sort of note that only fell short of competing against the strangeness of his next words. "Smuggler space." Hux was momentarily thrown off balance. Smuggler space? Had the man hit his head? "DCF-98 has been under our control for more than three years," he pointed, impatiently. "It holds one of our advance posts and several construction plants." Not that it was half as productive as it should be. The local Resistance cell was far too disruptive for that and frankly, until now, he had considered several times if it wouldn't be less costly to move the production elsewhere and level the area over maintaining the site. It's lucky I've been too busy to take any sort of action. "Why is this of interest to me, General?" "I believe you are fluent in this particular primitive dialect," he continued, rain falling softly around them. "And since you rendered the Finalizer unable to send a distress signal…" "You need a messenger." "For which you will do. Unless, of course, you have some pressing business to attend to or wish to remain indefinitely stranded with us. Your choice." Silence and then finally to his surprise… "Very well. Anything else?" Since you are, for once, willing to be useful… "If you cross paths with the local Resistance cell, wipe it out." Chapter 8 : The Stormtrooper The Stormtrooper The hangar was bursting with activity, dozens of people running around shouting orders at each other as several groups of mechanics fell on top of the arriving X-Wings. Carrying a large container of spare parts between them, Poe and Finn made their way towards the ship closest to the carrier's inner door, stopping from time to time to let several large groups that moved in unison pass. Even without their white armors and helmets – and some of them did keep those – it was easy to guess what they were. We can get out of the Order, but getting the Order out of us isn't so easy. About an hour ago, Poe had feigned tripping to ram him out of a stormtrooper line he had, apparently, been falling in and out of as he fetched spare parts for the pilot. Not five minutes had passed since that same pilot had dropped a huge wrench dangerously close to his feet to stop him from going as stiff as a board every time the commanding officer moving an extremely organized stormtrooper battalion around the hangar shouted an order. Despite his frustrated reactions to Poe's not so subtle attempts to snap him out of First Order conditioning, Finn was actually quite grateful for his efforts. The last thing he wished for was to start goose-stepping around the carrier. "Where do we drop this?" Finn asked, as they approached the ship. "Don't tell me the platform." "It's the platform. It really is the platform." They went around the ship, dropping the heavy load unto the rising platform BB8 was standing next to. Poe smiled at the tiny droid and hit the "UP" bottom, leaning against his ship and focusing his attention on the center of the hangar. Finn could guess what he was looking at; the commander of the stormtrooper battalion had just put an end to the exercise. Even with his back towards them, he could hear it breaking apart. "It's fortunate they didn't all need a Resistance pilot to get here," Poe commented with a good natured smile. "Or, you know, I would have to be captured several times." "That isn't funny, Poe." "The First Order would have also run out of TIEs by now. I doubt production could handle it. I call that a win-win situation." Even if didn't want to, Finn had to smile at that. "I thought you liked TIEs. Always wanted to pilot one." "Wanted to have one, actually, and I will salvage one when this mess is over." BB8 emitted a sad beep, leaning closer to Poe's legs. "I'm not leaving you behind, buddy. Those fighters don't know what they are losing without a droid." That seemed to cheer up BB8, as the next instant he had launched himself into a rapid tirade of beeps Finn lost the meaning of after the first five seconds. Poe, as expected, didn't. "Yeah, I have been curious about that too." "About what?" Poe climbed nimbly to the top of the raised platform, pointing at a group of soldiers passing next to them with a long tool Finn could only begin to guess at the purpose of. "Do you know them? Any of them?" Finn looked towards the group he was pointing and then to hangar as a whole. Most of the former stormtrooper battalion had receded inside the carrier, even so… "I know some faces." "Friends?" A tremulous hand was fighting to reach his face, screams and gunshots echoing all around him… "Finn." Poe's worried voice broke through his memories. "You did have friends." "Slip and Nines are dead." The pilot's face fell. For a moment, he didn't seem to know if he should come down or remain where he was. Being Poe, however, not saying anything was not exactly an option and considering that the last place Finn wanted to be was alone inside his head when those memories resurfaced, that was one of his best traits. "Was it us?" Poe asked, leaning over the X-Wing and inserting the tool somewhere inside the cockpit. "The Resistance, I mean." "It was us or them, buddy. Nothing personal." Poe didn't seem to be remotely satisfied by his choice of words, even so he didn't stress it, his upper body disappearing again inside the cockpit. "Why 'Slip'?" he asked, his voice muffled by his position. "He kept falling behind on training, and I kept going back to get him… So, Slip." The pilot's head resurfaced, one hand forcing the hair away from his eyes. "What the hell did they call you?" "Eight-Seven." BB-8 emitted a rapid sequence of beeps. Whatever he was saying made Poe give a heartfelt laugh and dive again into the cockpit. "Yeah, we should all be grateful I got to him before he named himself. Slip… Poor guy." He fell to you. The thought arrived uninvited, leaving a bitter taste in Finn's mouth. He had never told Poe a lot of things: his involvement on the attack in that village in Jakku, for example, or how he had never wished to take arms against the First Order, but most of all he had never told him the real reason that had lead to his desertion and had no intention of ever doing so. Slip's death was more the First Order's responsibility than it would ever be Poe's. If Finn had to distribute blame, himself, Phasma and Hux – in that order – would be the ones he would be pointing fingers to. He doubted, however, that Poe would see things like that. To kill some faceless stormtrooper he didn't know existed was one thing, but to know he had killed one of Finn's friends… No, there was no need to burden him with that. "You know, I still find it surprising that so many people…" Poe stopped mid sentence, looking around the raised platform and then to the ground. "Pass me that toolbox there, Finn. No that other one. The one with the red handles." Finn raised said toolbox to his hands. "Thanks." "You were saying?" Finn asked as Poe started muttering to himself, looking for whatever tool he needed. "What? Oh… I find it curious so many stormtroopers are willing to leave the First Order and join the Resistance." He said, his face strangely contemplative as he looked down at Finn. "I also find it curious you have been showing less and less enthusiasm with each new arrival." Finn blinked. "I have?" At his feet, BB8 gave a clearly affirmative beep. Even the droid thinks so? "First time," Poe said, throwing the tool he had just reached for back to the toolbox and going through it again. "You were really happy. That was when we saved that group who was going to be executed for hiding villagers from a firing squad. You talked to them for hours. Almost broke their backs hugging them, really." Finn rolled his eyes at that description. Anyone who heard Poe talking would think he went around terrorizing new arrivals with hugs. "But now," the pilot continued, "It's like you would prefer they didn't came. Rey—her name is Rey, right?—Rey saves a shipment of stormtroopers and leaves one of the Knights stranded in the middle of nowhere? Pure genius, by the way. You don't bat an eye, you don't even talk to them; by the Force, you looked at them like they were a time bomb or something." He entered the X-Wing cockpit, metallic sounds rising with his words. "And then, these guys who were parading around the hangar, you know, the ones that jumped on the evacuation ships with the General, appear and your mood gets dark as hell." Poe's arms appeared over the X-Wing opened cockpit, a large mechanical device on his hands. "Catch this." And he threw it down. Finn raised his arms, caught it and almost fell back as, a second later, something much larger fell right in front of him. He could feel his heart almost stopping in his chest as he retreated. "Really, Poe?" He groaned as he recognized the pilot as the second falling object. "I see this thing coming at my head and them you jump behind it? Do you want to give me a heart attack?" "Not my intention." He took the device from Finn's hands, sat on the first steps to the still raised platform and turned it sideways, trying to pull something out of a small socket. Finn followed his moves with interest. Was that the radio or the board computer? Poe had said he had been having problems with both of them. Before he could ask, however, the pilot had stopped to look at him, all laugh gone from his dark eyes. "So what I was trying to get at with all that talk about stormtroopers and them joining the Resistance was: is something rubbing you the wrong way?" Finn opened his mouth to give that question a sound "No" but stopped with his mouth half opened looking at Poe and then at BB8 and then back at Poe. There had been something in the pilot's words that was tickling in the back of his mind. He really couldn't say anything about any past behavior. That carrier Rey had taken from under the Knights' nose had given him fits of laughter and he really couldn't remember any particular feeling that could have made Poe think like he did, but these last ones, the ones now walking around the carrier… "Look, it's nothing important," he tried to assure Poe, but the pilot's eyes didn't leave him. "It's just…" How do I even put this without sounding like some kind of First Order sympathizer? "I don't like their over eagerness to shoot against their former allies and even less how easily they left their own comrades to die." Well, that could have sounded a lot worse. It could also sound a lot better and now his thoughts were tripping all over each other. "It's not like if you were shooting at the First Order. I mean, if I want to compare it, it would be more like you opening fire against the Resistance. They're the people you grew up with, the people you know, your friends and… Even if you don't think about it at the time, it isn't easy. Or it shouldn't be because—" An incoming vessel warning spared him trying to get that to make sense, but not until BB8 gave a long euphoric beep and almost ran over his and Poe's feet did he turn. Next thing he knew, he was sprinting behind the droid, waving his arms at the ship as it landed. "Rey! Rey!" The Millenium Falcon landed in the middle of the hangar, opening its large entrance as it did so. He was inside before it totally hit the ground. One second latter, he had run into something, not Rey but a large, hairy, brown thing with huge hands that saluted him by almost spliting his back in two. "I'm also happy to see you, Chewie," he mumbled barely able to breathe as the wookie turned away from him and growled. Next thing he knew, a smaller frame had hugged and released him. Rey, looking a lot more healthy and well-fed than the last time he had seen her, was there. By the Force, he had to present her to Poe. Damn, he had to introduce her to half the people there! "How did you find us?" he asked, as she crouched down to talk to BB8. "Luck. A lot of it." The answer made him smile. Luck was what she had said every time one of her plans didn't end up going in the exact opposite way she had intended. "Master Luke received your distress message, but when I arrived at the system, there was no one there but the First Order. I heard them inside the base. I thought they had killed everyone. What happened?" Finn found himself opening and closing his mouth at her question. The exact thing he had made all possible and impossible efforts not to think about over the last few days was coming back to his mind: the half collapsed room, the invisible hand keeping him in place, the dark monster making his way towards the General and then when they should all have been killed… "Finn?" Rey insisted. "How did you get out?" Luck, he wanted to reply. We had help, he could have said. All good answers that would have bought him time to explain that absolutely unbelievable situation that somehow seemed to indicate the Order's Enforcer had completely lost his marbles, but what came out of his mouth was the worst thing he could have told her, the same thing Kylo Ren had said even before he had turned off his lightsaber and an explosion had pulled him out of whatever trance had made him stop in front of the General and try to touch her face. "Kylo Ren has orders to kill the General." Rey's eyes looked like saucers, a horrified expression he had only seen her wear once – the moment Han had been stabbed by his son – filing her face. "But, I can feel her. You… What did he do to her?" She didn't give him time to answer, not a single second for him to tell her anything else. Before he could even try to grab her, Rey had disappeared out the door. "Rey!" Why am I so bad at talking?! And then he remembered something worse: the General's insistence that she should not be disturbed, her clear orders to keep anything and anyone away from one of the briefing rooms. Oh no… And he was also running, shouting for Rey to stop as she ran across the hangar and into the carrier. Poe's confused face was peering over the dark X-Wing. He said something, but Finn was too busy shouting to hear. "Rey, stop!" She wasn't listening. She was also a lot faster than the last time he had been running around with her. He saw her hesitating near one particular bifurcation, and for a second he was sure he could catch her, but the next she had dived to the left. "Rey!" He couldn't catch her. It was absolutely impossible to keep pace with her when everyone in the corridors seemed to be magically moving out of her path while getting all over his. "Rey! Listen to me!" She was moving away from the empty corridor and towards the door to the briefing room the General had requisitioned. For a moment, Finn allowed himself to hope that the General had finished that particular matter and should now be somewhere around the carrier, keeping her eyes on everything like she always did. Problem was that Rey's path had just turned away from the corridor that led to the bridge and was now moving towards the General's quarters. Knowing his friend's sixth sense with directions and where they lead, she would be more than panicking by now. He could see her face turn whiter every time she was forced to choose a direction. "Stop! Please! Rey!" She came to a halt in front of a closed door, knocked and, getting no response from the inside for several seconds, stepped back and made an assertive move towards it with her hand. To Finn's horror, the door started opening. "She is alright! Rey!" Too late. Inside the small scarcely furnished room, Leia, dressed in an elegant green dress, had jumped out of her desk's chair. Standing in front of her, a tall dark figure, one who had no business being there, turned its head to reveal an easily recognizable helmet. Upon seeing it, Rey reacted on instinct; the single bladed lightsaber she had on her belt flying to her hands as she threw herself inside the room. Oh no… The dark figure turned as she approached. It didn't, however, try to defend itself or make a single gesture to get out of the way. In a second, the blue lightsaber had gone through him; a moment later, Rey followed. "Quite the entrance," Kylo Ren said, his holographic image momentarily filing with static. Even the distortion couldn't hide his amusement. Finn muttered an apology to Leia, stepped inside at her commanding gesture, and immediately closed the door. Rey was getting up, looking around at them as if they had all suddenly sprouted a second head. In all, Finn thought, she was probably the only one seeing the full insanity of the situation. And that… That had been what he wanted to talk about. Chapter 9 : The General The General This is not going well. Not that 'not going well' in any way described what was presently happening around her. Even so, Leia kept on hoping that if she was able to resist the urge to label the situation as the disaster it was rapidly proving itself to be, she would also keep her rising temper from becoming as pronounced as that of the man who had once been her son. "Our time is short. I wouldn't welcome any interference from Hux if this conversation ever becomes less than circular." His criticism, she knew, was more than fair and to the point. They had been in that briefing room for what appeared to be hours and moved not a metaphorical inch away from their starting point. By now, she had bid everything around her to her mind: the white and blue auditorium chairs on her back; the large chunk missing from the tactical table they were all sitting around and the mane of wires coming out of it; the blinking light next to the door; the huge, weird looking blue stain next to her feet and the people, the people too. Admiral Ackbaar sitting to her right was himself to the last bit of brown skin and white uniform, his head, as always, moving slowly from side to side so that his huge watery eyes could focus, one at the time, on whoever he was talking to. To her left, Commander Cody, Intelligence, was sitting like a king on banquet day: half sprawled on his chair with his extremely green eyes focusing on the man in front of them – the man with whom they should have been if not negotiating with, at least listening to – like he was some kind of badly chosen entertainment or a piece of putrid meat. In high contrast with that, the Order's Enforcer – she had to force herself not to think about him in any other way – kept himself straight and so absurdly still it became almost uncomfortable to look at him. And then, then there was her: a long, practical green dress, her hair tied on the back of her head, her back throbbing with the strain of sitting on a chair that was dangerously close to flying out the garbage chute the moment she got up, and her mind fighting to remain calm and sharp as the conversation threatened going downhill again. "How can we be sure your General isn't listening now? How can you?" That had been Ackbaar and that had actually been a worthy, sensible and fair question, one without any sort of hostility or hidden accusations, exactly like she had learned to expect from him. Only it was too late to try to establish a common ground. The hostile, mistrustful atmosphere that was polluting the exchange was not something that could be sweep under the carpet by saying what should have been said at the beginning of the meeting. Ackbaar might be willing to try – Force knew, she was willing to try too – but there were two people there who weren't and wouldn't even give it a moment's thought: Kylo Ren, who was at least polite in his refusal, and the Commander who was the exact opposite. "Hux isn't listening. You have my word, Admiral." "Word?" snarled the Commander. "I wouldn't take your word for anything even if it was the last thing between me and death!" "Rest assured, I will promptly move it out of the way if that scenario arises." "Is that a threat?!" Leia wanted to snap both their heads against the table. At her right, Ackbaar made a backwards gulping move with his head, huge eyes focusing on the head of his infuriated ally. "A threat?" he gargled, his voice sounding like he was talking through water. "I find myself fearing for the state of your Department, Commander, if you can no longer differentiate between the Enforcer's sense of humor and his threats." "I have precious little patience for jokes and even less for delay tactics. This man is a security risk! At this moment, half the First Order most be triangulating our position and moving to intercept us! It's a wonder the Finalizer isn't already upon us!" "The Finalizer suffered serious damage during our last encounter," Leia heard herself saying, her voice sounding as impatient as it had been in her youth. "Unless you are suggesting General Hux is going to have his flagship towed into battle, I don't see it appearing anytime soon. That being said," she turned the Enforcer. "I too wish for some assurance of the safety of all the parts involved in this arrangement." "My word is all you have." Leia leaned against the back of her chair; her mind getting as far away as possible from the violent discussion Ackbaar and the Commander started having over her head. They might as well be shouting to the wind for all the attention they were paying each other's reasoning, not that any of that mattered. Those words had been the final nail in the coffin and been intended as such. The Enforcer had made perfectly clear how much he was willing to compromise from now on and that was absolutely nothing. In a way she felt responsible for the failure of the meeting. Ben—no, not Ben, her son was dead—Kylo Ren had asked her for a meeting in private but she had refused, too scared she would say something stupid, or worse confront him with his actions, with what he had done to Han, to risk being alone with him – and suggested the present arrangement instead. Ackbaar and the Commander had not been innocent choices. The Admiral was an old friend, a veteran of many battles, and not all of them fought on a battlefield. The Commander was Head of Intelligence and, despite his present behavior, was a cold, pragmatic man who knew more about the First Order inner workings than any of them. Together, she had hoped they would bring impartiality and intelligent discussion to the meeting. They had brought accusations and bias, instead. The only one who had tried to make anything out of that disaster was the Enforcer and he was no diplomat. My Ben never was. My Ben is dead. I don't know this man. Even if that was true, he still talked like her son, in some ways even behaved like him. And in their last base… Why are you torturing yourself like this? Think of what he did to Han. The Enforcer is not… But that same Enforcer was now resting his arm on the table and the pattern described by his fingers as he tapped them made her thoughts screech to a halt. This is going nowhere. She read. They are wasting both your time and mine. And then the words ceased, replaced by a nonsensical string of numbers and characters she took a moment too long to recognize for what they were. A communication channel address. He kept discreetly tapping it until she dropped her eyes. Do what you wish. And he rose, suddenly looming well above all of them. If he couldn't get Ackbaar and the Commander to do anything with his words, he certainly could with stature. Both of them had gone absolutely quiet. "You seem to have me mistaken for someone who will wait indefinitely as you discuss something that should already been agreed upon," he said. "I want your answers. Now." The answers were those all of them already knew would be given. They wouldn't trust him. They wouldn't listen. They had no interest in any information he had wished to share nor in anything he wanted in exchange. The communication was disconnected, the hologram collapsing to the floor. Upon its disappearance and that of the man it had taken the form of, the briefing room suddenly seemed much brighter. Her mood, however, wasn't lifted in the slightest. "I'm really sorry, Princess," said Ackbaar. "We can't trust anyone that dangerous based on so little evidence." "Believe, Admiral, that I trust him less than you do. Even so, I wouldn't describe risking torture and execution as 'little' evidence." "A ruse," Cody retorted, getting out of his chair with a hard expression on his face. "Probably conjured by that General Hux and the 'Supreme Leader'. Doubt the Enforcer has the brains to put something like this together and last as long as he did without anyone whispering in his ears." Her fists clenched at those words. "Be that as it may," Leia said, rising herself. "He is one of the three top officers of the First Order and we dismissed him like a misbehaving child." "The man is a brainless brute. Competent, I will give him that, but if it wasn't for the Force, he would have ended up as cannon fodder in some backwater planet long ago." That almost made her snap. Had she been younger she probably would have. Age, however, had come with some benefits and that painful repetitive chant of 'He is not Ben' kept her from ripping the Commander apart for those words. "The Resistance is in dire need of allies and, if not those, then information," she retorted, coldly, her eyes going from Ackbaar's large dark eyes to the indifferent gaze of the Intelligence Department leader. "We just refused both. If such an opportunity arises again, I do hope you are able to control your opinions long enough to judge what we are offered and act according to that." At least, Ackbaar had the decency to look embarrassed. "You will find me at my post if you need me." Only upon leaving the briefing room, she found herself not going to the bridge but roaming around the carrier with a communication channel address repeatedly forcing itself back to her thoughts. What should she do? By all means, the Resistance had just severed both its hands and feet where Kylo Ren was concerned, but just like the day before, when he had first made contact, his latest request was to talk to her—not to the Resistance, but to her. Do I even risk that? She stopped, finding herself next to the hangar entrance. What looked like a battalion was maneuvering around the space, a man shouting orders that were immediately followed. An uncomfortable feeling set in her stomach at that sight. That was the battalion that had followed their retreat, the one that had turned against the First Order near North Entrance and made their escape possible. I should already have taken its command apart. This is too much of a risk. But that wasn't her priority now; if she was to do something about the Enforcer, she needed someone trustworthy to keep vigil by the door. Her first thought was Poe, but even if BB8 and his dark X-Wing were just beside the entrance, there was no sign of him. Finn came to mind next, as the man was reliability itself; he also was one of the few to know the full story behind their present confused relation with the Enforcer. But, as always, when Poe was missing he was too. The third option to come to mind was, surprisingly, a baby faced, blue-skinned Twi-lek who had taken to following her around since the assassination attempt, and had also been with her and Finn at their last base. Her name was Allya, Leia believed, but if she wasn't already playing shadow she had probably been recruited to pilot a carrier. In the end, the door would have to guard itself. Leia returned to her quarters alone, entering to find C3-PO waiting for her inside. By the looks of it, the droid had been trying to salvage what was left of her clothes after the explosion, fire and assassin at her previous quarters. In other words, there were clothes everywhere. From a long black coat hanging on the bathroom door, to a set of nightdresses right over the small bed and a pile of scorched but folded clothes on a chair, her bedroom had all the makings of a laundry room. "Princess. General. It's so good to have you back. How was the meeting?" he asked, raising his right and then his left arm as much as he could to show her two white dresses that had long ceased to fit her and she mostly kept for sentimental value. One of them had burned holes all over. Han gave me that. "Do you wish to keep these?" "I do. Thank you. And the meeting was a disaster." "Oh… I'm truly sorry for that, Prin-General." C3-PO observed as she moved the pile of scorched clothes out of the chair, sat and inserted the communication channel address that had been given to her in her private communication system. Do I really want to do this? Am I acting with my head or my heart? Was there even a difference between those two? She waited for what felt like an eternity, eyes fixed on the string of numbers and letters as Han kept coming back to her mind. Be the General. You lost your boy. He just happens to sound like him. She looked at the protocol droid, resting a hand on the red arm he still kept. "I beg you not to say anything. Not now and not to anyone." "Of course. To whom will you be talking to?" The question was answered by the almost simultaneous appearance of a black figure that turned slowly in their direction, a dark, expressionless, and easily recognizable helmet covering its face. C3-PO let escape a little 'Oh my!' but was silent after that. "I admit I was not expecting to be contacted." Kylo Ren said. "I'm of the opinion nobody would be this persistent if it wasn't important." She had wanted to say 'nobody would commit treason twice' but found it wiser not too. Force knew what he thought he was doing. Best case scenario, he was being patriotic. "Before we continue, how can you be sure the First Order is not hearing?" "I crippled the Finalizer 's communication system." "That is not something that will go unnoticed. If General Hux…" "He not only knows what happened, he saw it happen." And her resolution to be the General crashed right there, a sickening fear rising from her heart and bursting through her lips before she could do anything to stop it. "What?!" "Hux is far too intelligent to trust anyone, but he does trust my temper to lead to irrational fits of anger. He is furious, but not in any way surprised at the present outcome. This meeting is safe. That is not saying we shouldn't hurry. This connection might be untraceable; FN-2187 and all your new 'recruits' aren't." He stopped for an instant. "That is what I wish to talk about." Straight to business. He would never guess how grateful she was for that. "Explain yourself." "As a safety precaution, all operatives of the First Order have trackers implanted in their bodies," he said, his hands going behind his back and setting in a military stance he didn't seem conscious of falling into. "The original design has little to do with surveillance, it's main objective being orbital tactical support and guaranteeing the safe retrieval of stranded troops in a retreat scenario. It is a short-range system, and I take from your reaction you didn't know existed." I didn't. "Why hasn't anyone informed us about this?" Why hasn't Finn? "I doubt the deserters you have been receiving know anything about it. As I said, it was a short range system and it shouldn't have caused any problems to your allies unless they had the misfortune of being caught by the sensors during a planetary sweep." "What changed?" "Hux was and largely still remains a member of the Technology Research and Development Department. Their high financing is mostly due to their close relation with the General and their eagerness to focus their efforts on whatever project tickles his fancy. What has been tickling him lately, however, is not a weapon, but a flood of desertions," Ren continued, his head leaning slightly to one side. "Hux doesn't like things getting out of control, particularly his control. He is also good at planning for what he already has and even more so at turning other people strengths into their weaknesses. The Resistance has been growing out of First Order rejects. Your strength was born out of the Order's failure and the Technology Department has found a way of rectifying that. The orbital tactical support will be updated into a surveillance and tracking system. The fleet is already being called back for fittings." "You are saying the First Order will be able to detect these trackers at long range?" "I am saying the Order will find your hideouts, every single one of them, and slaughter everyone." Leia felt as if a cold breeze had suddenly filled the room, robbing it of all its warmth. C3-PO was moving its torso to look at them one at a time. Even if the droid had nothing close to an expression, she could sense its horror. It was exactly the same she was feeling. Ackbaar and Cody's refusal to hear… Their dismissal… If she hadn't called… This isn't important; this is vital. "Hux still has no knowledge of this," Ren was now saying. "He might not have his ship towed into battle, but he would have all of us pushing it to your headquarters if he knew how much closer and not further away from victory your last confrontation put him." "If what you said about the Finalizer 's communication system is true, there is still time," she pointed out. Not much, not enough, but there is time. "Why do you come to us with this information? What do you hope the Resistance has to offer for it?" She was afraid of his answer, but even more of her hope. If he asked for what she feared he would ask… This is not Ben and if there is anything left of my son in there, he won't. Ben had never been one to drop his problems at someone else's doorstep and even less to run away from them. He was prone to badly thought out, if well-meant, decisions that fell well away from the right ones, but had never been a coward. If anything, he was too much of the opposite. The Enforcer fell exactly in the same category. He wasn't asking for protection. He wasn't running. He is also proud. She could see that in his stance. It was not arrogance, but a sort of confidence, overconfidence perhaps, that the boy she had known did not possess, even if he had more than made up for that with tenacity. In all, it had been a bad combination of traits: courage, a steely resolution, and a brain that come second to his heart. Even so, the one who was to blame for the end result that was now in front of her – that dark distorted image of what he could have been – wasn't just Snoke, but also her. She should have been more present, more attentive, his mother before anything else. I should never have sent him away. And the pain, the love, the longing, crashed into her at that. Leaving her gazing at the dark figure and wishing beyond hope he was truly there and that she had enough courage to reach out to him, to grab him and pull him to her even if it meant he would strike her down. I love you even in this form… But I can't… I can't… Her voice held no emotion when she spoke. "What do you wish from us?" Before he could answer, someone started knocking at the door, a known, powerful presence Leia had not felt in a while reaching out with the Force in search of her. Before she could even recognize who it was, the Force twirled, the door opened, and a white faced, clearly distressed young woman stepped inside. "Rey?" The moment their eyes crossed Leia could feel the fear subside inside of her. At least, until she saw the Enforcer and a blue lightsaber made its appearance. Half a second later, the girl had crashed through the hologram and a sheepish looking Finn was closing the door. Kylo Ren's holographic image trembled. "Quite the entrance," he said to Rey, and in his dry amusement he sounded exactly like the son Leia had lost. "If everyone on your side is done trying to eviscerate me, General Organa, I would like to negotiate." Chapter 10 : The Scavenger The Scavenger "Would someone tell me what's happening?" Asking that had been like that time she had inquired and promptly been introduced to a rathtar, only this time the dangerous predator her question was referring to was not actively trying to mangle them, but apparently to strike a deal with them. I really don't know which is worse. No, actually she did. She would rather be stuck again with three rathtars on a space station than anywhere with Kylo Ren. At least rathtars would stay there the moment she got out. To shake Kylo Ren off was something she knew by experience not to be easy. The man kept coming back until he could no longer do so. And even then he will be trying. If he was half as tenacious at negotiations as he was at trying to kill them, they were about to be given a run for their money, and that was if he wasn't actually trying to kill them because… Her thoughts came to a halt. Hesitating, actually stopping mid way three times, Rey finally turned away from the white swirling mass passing by the Millenium Falcon cockpit to look at Finn sitting in the co-pilot's chair. "Did he really help you?" Her friend—who had been feeling his arms, legs and torso with an incredulous, horror-struck look since General Organa had dragged them away from her quarters on the grounds of "this is no conversation to have on a long distance channel," put all of them on the Falcon , and confided in them what had made Kylo Ren take leave of his sanity—looked up at her. "Wha-What?" "Did Ren really help you?" Finn's lips described the word "tracker" one last time, and he swallowed and nodded. Rey took a look behind them, towards the chair where Leia sat silently, her eyes set in a thoughtful expression that for a moment made her look very much like the man they were discussing. Rey felt a chill running up her spine. You know they look alike, stop being foolish. She turned again to Finn, dropping her voice. "What happened?" "We were too late getting out of the base. Two armed fronts were already inside and I had the General some five minutes away from the only escape route we had left, then the guy bends the freaking blast door like butter, destroys half the ceiling and freezes us all in place. I really thought he was going to turn the place into a slaughterhouse. And then, to make matters worse, the General decides to turn back and put herself between and us and him and…" "I have orders to kill you." The voice was chilling to the extreme; a cold, distorted almost whisper that rose from the back of her mind as clear as a shout. Behind it, Rey could hear the distant echoes of explosions and blaster shots. She was no longer at the Falcon and, even if she could still see Finn, it was a group of people frozen in place in the middle of a dark half destroyed room and General Organa, her clothes full of dust and unmistakable scorch marks, that were occupying her mind. Leia wasn't saying a word, but her eyes spoke for her: tranquil and profoundly sad, the eyes of someone looking at something dearly loved and long lost. Rey had only time to ask herself why the General was looking at her like that when she saw what was in her gloved hand. A cross shaped red lightsaber. Ren's lightsaber. What the...? The moment that question filled her mind, she was back to herself, watching from the sidelines as he moved towards the group. The shadows were moving, dancing with the red light until the walls looked like something alive. To Leia's left, Finn's effort to release himself from the Force was obvious, but pointless. And then, it all stopped. The dancing, red tinged shadows, the thunderous sound of the saber, even the distant sounds of the battle. Ren had stopped in front of Leia, his weapon resting on the holster on his leg, his hand rising to touch her face. It never had a chance of doing so. An explosion rocked the building making him turn rapidly to the pile of bricks and mangled steel at his back. The moment was over. The frozen group was free, Finn rapidly raising his weapon just to have it intercepted and pull down by the General's hand. "There are problems at our north offensive," the dark figure informed them, the black gloved hand grabbing hold of the lightsaber as he moved passed the absolutely incredulous Resistance group. "You will follow me and leave through there." He stopped at the door, turning to face the obviously reluctant expressions as more and more explosions were heard around them: "Unless you wish to hold a vote." Rey echoed his words, her eyes studying Finn's expression intently for any kind of reaction. He snorted so loudly she could have heard him on the other side of the Falcon . "How do you know he said that?" "Weird vision just now," she clarified. She took another look at Leia and dropped her voice further. "He guided you out?" "Dropped us mid way. When we reached north entrance, you sure as hell can bet we saw him there, trying to get the troops together." Finn massaged his neck. "Biggest mess I ever saw. Everyone fighting against everyone, I…" His eyes had set on the exterior following the star trails passing by the Falcon with a strange expression. At a loss, Rey raised her eyebrows at him. "What is it? Is something wrong?" "No." He didn't seem at all sure of that. "Aren't we getting out of lightspeed, Rey?" Rey turned to the commands, her hands rapidly flying over them as the Millenium Falcon slowed down. As the starry exterior became focused again, Leia got up and approached them. "He isn't here yet," she said without having to look at the exterior. "Put all power to the shields. I don't want us being an easy target to any long range weapons or that shuttle's cannons." Rey did as instructed, taking a rapid look at Leia as she did so and wishing beyond everything she had Kylo Ren's knack for reading minds. She would have given almost anything to know what the General thought of the present situation and even more of the one Finn had described. She didn't see Leia as a particularly emotional person but, even if she wasn't, there wasn't a chance being face to face with Ren, helped by him and talking to him, wasn't affecting her. She loved him or, at the very least, she had loved the boy he had once been. That was not something that could go unnoticed in the way she had talked about him or having personally witnessed her pain when she had discovered who had killed Han Solo. You don't deserve her love and yet she loves you. It was unfair. He was a monster and yet, if he had been the one left on Jakku, the General would have gone back for him. She would never abandon him to fend for himself. She would not have given up on him. You don't deserve any of them. Something dark was rising with her thoughts and she could see Han Solo, Luke Skywalker and General Organa smiling at her, opening her arms to her. And then darkness gained a voice, a soft understanding voice. "It's not you they are waiting for. They don't want you," it said as a tall pale man walked towards the group waiting for him, a red lightsaber ablaze in his hands. "But you could be. You are the daughter they deserve. You are the one they should wish for." The saber stabbed Han, rising high above the group to crash into Leia and then Luke, leaving them all lifeless at his feet. "You could still stop him. Punish him. He deserves nothing but death." The words reverberated in her mind as the pale man turned, his face snarling, the dark eyes that had so confused her, for they held kindness where it should have been none, red and cold and cruel. "You can have all he threw way to yourself," the voice whispered, as Kylo Ren, the monster, the fiend, the murderer she had envisioned as being under the metal mask, not the one who hid behind it, made her way towards her. "It could be all yours. Family. Love. A home." The red saber rose above her head and as it fell she discovered she had her lightsaber in her hands. "If you kill him," the voice said as the darkness closed around them, suffocating all. "Kill him and it will all be yours." And her movement changed, aiming for his heart, aiming for the kill… No! And she fell back, crashing to the ground and then through it, away from the darkness, away from the voice, back to herself. "What if he brings any TIE squadrons with him?" she heard Finn ask right at her side, his dark eyes set on Leia, neither him nor the General seemingly conscious of how far gone she had been. "The Knights function out of the military hierarchy, but the fleet does have to provide them with support. If he is having second thoughts about helping you, General…" "We fight our way out." Leia smiled and looked at Rey combing a stray strand of hair behind her ear. "We have this pile of bolts and a very good pilot. We will be fine." Her smile hurt. It hurt even more after seeing her dead at the hands of the person who was the reason for her pain, but Rey had no time to dwell on it. Something dark shook the Force, a heavy fast approaching presence she knew well. Some moments later, the Falcon gave a warning signal. "Approaching signature," Rey announced, her voice still shaky as she studied the instruments for more than one signature. "He is alone." Finn gave a surprised whistle. Leia's relief was more subtle and a lot more intense. The distinct form of the black command shuttle, lights running up its huge defensive wings, dropped out of light speed, cornering around them and coming to a halt in front of the Falcon. Almost immediately, the incoming transmission signal lit up on the console. "Be civil," the General asked, grasping their shoulders. "Pass the transmission to the common room." Rey obeyed, hitting the console buttons as Leia went down to the Falcon 's interior. A moment later, both she and Finn did the same, stepping into the ample common room to find both the General and Ren's holographic image in silence right beside Chewie's gaming table. "I believe the rest of your entourage is here," Ren observed the moment they arrived. He had chosen to wear a heavy black cape and pull the hood over the dark helmet. The moment she set her eyes on the dark visor, however, Rey found herself not looking at it, but to the snarling, feral features and red eyes that had assaulted her mind just moments ago. Her hands where moving to the lightsaber before she could stop what apparently was a hard wired reaction to his presence and calm herself enough to notice he had his attention on her. Calm yourself. I was never afraid of him and I am not now. She held his gaze until the dark visor moved away from her, slowly turning to face Finn and then Leia. "FN-2187 has something to share," he said, making the General turn her attention to them. "The name is Finn and yes," Finn said, swallowing hard before he continued. "I'm calling bullshit on this tracker thing." Leia eyebrows went up immediately, her lips mouthing "What are you doing?" at Finn, but Kylo Ren's reaction was more curious than offended. In fact, on the whole, his presence was disturbingly calm, the trepidation that always seemed to be just beyond the surface completely absent. "Your reason?" "Starkiller base." Finn began, his face so tense it had become wood like. "That thing should have lit up like a firecracker the minute I hit the ground. How do you explain that it didn't?" "I can hardly be held accountable for Hux's blindness, but I would arbor a guess at him being too busy savoring his latest victory and planning his next to have noticed." "He had a whole army to notice it for him," countered Finn. "Starkiller had a serious security breach long before you arrived." He didn't move a muscle; even so Rey was sure he had his attention on her again. "If it pleases you, however, I can easily dispel your doubts." "How?" "Jakku. Hux found you remarkably fast." Finn's expression went from stiff to terrified. "If you wish further confirmation, I can have this ship's scans on your freighter. It should not take long." Apparently, however, Finn didn't need any more confirmation. His eyes where filling with that nervous expression Maz Kanata had identified as belonging to someone who wished to run. Judging by the wording of her next request, General Organa had noticed exactly the same. "If you know anything about the location of these trackers, you have to share it with us," she said. "If we take them out…" "Knowing Hux, I would venture that they aren't anywhere they can be removed from." "Can we disable them?" "That would be my approach." "I like that plan," Finn said, taking a step forward, nervous eyes fixed on Ren. "How do we do that?" "You would need access to First Order technology and files." "We steal those. Keep it coming." "We also need a stormtrooper to access the building." Finn froze in his tracks. Rey, on the other hand, felt her chin drop at what she was hearing. "Are you trying to borrow Finn?" she blurted out, incredulous. Finn's head turned to her. "Borrow? I'm not a pair of pants, Rey." "As you so eloquently put it, I am trying to borrow your friend." "Still not a pair of pants!" Rey wasn't hearing anything of what he was saying, actually having stepped in front of Finn, trying to keep him out of Ren's sight. "You have thousands stormtroopers, if not more, at your disposal," she pointed out. "The hell you are—!" Leia's gave her a stern look, silencing her angry tirade instantly. "Rey has a point," she then observed. "It should be easy to grab one of your soldiers and do whatever you want with him. Why are you coming to us?" "I know FN-2187's loyalties and he won't betray those who so kindly received him. As for the rest, let's call it common interest." Rey clenched her teeth. What common interest? Those trackers and the long range surveillance system General Organa had talked about didn't affect Ren in the slightest. In fact, for a First Order leader, it should have came as an answered prayer, an ending to all problems. What did he care about one more massacre? What did he care about one more murder? It hadn't been the first or last he would be involved with. "You know what you have to do" , darkness whispered as Finn once again took the lead. "Let's say this thing happens. I am a stormtrooper, I go steal things. Where are they at?" "Stormtrooper training facility and Officer's Academy." Finn looked at a loss for words for a moment. When he regained that faculty, however… "You don't need me! You need bloody Phasma!" "That is totally out of the question." "And you are totally out of your mind!" Rey grabbed Finn's arm and took a step forward, facing Ren as he made an almost imperceptible gesture with his head. "Finn is marked by the First Order as a deserter," she pointed out. "He has a price on his head." "Ranks, much like identifications, can be easily modified. He can become anyone." His attention went back to Leia. "Your answer?" The General's response wasn't immediate. Her eyes were focusing on each of them one at a time until finally setting on Ren. "You want Finn to take part in an infiltration operation in the center of First Order space, the objective of it being to steal the technology that would allow us to make this new long range tracking system obsolete," she said, pensive. "You have something to gain from either our actions or being able to access this technology. Whatever it is, you are not sharing it with us. Even so, you expect not only that we help, but also that I entrust one of mine to you without any proof of your good will save from actions that could have easily been planned and information I have no way of confirming. You are asking for blind trust." She shook her head. "I don't trust you." Those words had been a mistake and Rey knew it even before they had fully been formed. The, until now, calm presence of the Enforcer imploded, a massive wave of pain echoing in the Force and crashing into her. She wanted to scream as she was pulled under. It felt like being drowned. Her mind, her heart, her everything fighting to rise above the emotions only to be pulled back under them. The words hurt. They hurt like only an old, festering wound could, and they were ripping her apart. "A monster." Darkness whispered, echoing in the storm as pain was crushed and distorted, turning into something angry. "You know what he will do." Rey forced her way through the raging Force storm, liberating herself from its grasp to stare, teeth clenched, at Ren. If he had been truly there, she would have put a lightsaber to his throat and silence whatever he was going to say, but he wasn't and Leia seemed completely unaware of the tempest behind the expressionless mask. Words, words would have to suffice. You killed Han, you won't hurt her. And above all, he wouldn't hurt Finn. Not again. "I don't trust you either, but if Finn is going, I'm going too." They all turned to her—Finn with gratitude, Leia with fondness, Kylo Ren with… "How noble." Sarcasm, apparently. "Name your price, General." Leia's fingers formed a triangle. "I want Snooke's location," she said. "I want to know his defenses and the way past them. I want his schedule, if he has any; his guards, his communications channels, his weaknesses. Everything the First Order has on him." Silence. Behind the heavy cape, Kylo Ren's right hand spasmed. As if in response, the ghost pain in Rey's shoulder intensified. "If those are your terms," he ceded. "I will give FN-2187 three days to think. It's his risk. Meanwhile, as further proof of this so called good will of mine, I will be leaving some of the Knights in your care. Consider them as safeguard." He was what !? "That won't be necessary," Leia assured, livid. "That has already been arranged." The Enforcer This was a mistake. The dark walls were running past him, the floor lights casting massive shadows as he marched through the shuttle's narrow deserted corridors, his footsteps reverberating on the walls and ceiling until they too become part of the violent storm of his thoughts. I knew this would be a mistake. His feet made him turn into a smaller corridor, going down it until an almost invisible door opened at his approach. The moment the door clicked behind him, the storm he had been holding in exploded: the helmet crashing into the far wall, his hand closing around the lightsaber hilt and igniting it. The next instant, it had crashed into a small table, cleaving it in two, then seven, then hitting it until it become completely unrecognizable. What was waiting under the anger, however, made him wish he had kept it. I don't trust you. The lightsaber hit what was left of the table, this time doing nothing but scatter the pieces into every corner of the small, dark room and open a huge gash on the floor. Those words had no business injuring him, but somehow the old pain—a pain that didn't belong to him, but to a weak foolish boy—was still there, haunting him, hounding him, making him weak. The lightsaber blade retracted. Without its murmur, the only sound in the room was the low beeping of the shuttle's internal communication device to his left. Strapping the lightsaber to his belt, he reached for the controls. The pilot's voice, muffled by the helmet and the channel, crackled on the speakers. "Sir?" "Erase all registry of this encounter. Coordinates. Light speed trajectories. Communication logs. Everything." "Sir." The connection dropped, leaving him alone with his thoughts and his doubts. His attention went around the room, stopping finally at his only constant companion, the only confidant he had and would ever trust: the twisted old helmet laying on the work desk. "I hadn't planned on involving the Resistance. It came as an opportunity and I acted with the belief that it would make things easier. Now I fear it will cause it all to fail," he said to it. His voice was cracking and he hated himself for it. "I need your guidance." If he had truly been waiting for an answer, he would have been disappointed. Like all the times before, his grandfather offered no response, no assurance, nothing. His mind was battling itself as he sat on the chair. It was the map to Skywalker all over again, the choice between the droid and the girl, a deviation from his mission, a new variable, his weakness… His fingers flew to the hard patch of twisted scar tissue on his face, running down the lightsaber path with increased harshness until a warmer, gentler touch stopped him and the ghost of a large hand cupped his cheek. Kylo jumped to his feet, fleeing the sensation and looking towards Vader's helmet. "I will keep what I promised. I will bring your work to fruition and succeed where you could not. Whatever happens, I will." And if General Organa wouldn't help him, he would proceed as usual. Alone. Chapter 11 : The General The General "General, I'm so glad you are here," Captain Xarv said, his small frame running across the bridge the moment she stepped inside. "I have to voice my deepest reservations about our present course of action. We lost a great number of fighters in the last attack. To send the stormtrooper battalion away is, in my opinion, an extremely bad call." Leia took a deep steadying breath, fighting with herself not to take a step back, hit the 'Close' command on the doors control panel, and make a run for it. Did everyone on this damn ship hold a meeting and decide to use attrition tactics? This is what? The hundredth time I'm hearing this? It was like she couldn't take a step without having someone jump on her to discuss her latest comand. From Ackbaar to random officers, she doubted that there was a single person that hadn't already sprinted across the carrier to intercept her. Well, with Xarv as the exception. The small alien had clearly been waiting to trap her in the bridge and have his say. It would have been quicker to call all of them and hold a meeting. This is just ridiculous. She took a look at her side to Rey who had been following her around the carrier since they had stepped out of the Falcon . Leia was absolutely certain the girl wished to talk as she couldn't think of any other reason for her to be following her, but until now the closest they had come to talking had been in her quarters and that too had been interrupted by frantic knocking on her door. What must the girl be thinking? Leia had at least been able to force her into some clean clothing before they both had been evicted from the room, but that was as far as it had gone. Neither she nor Rey had been able to put two words together without being overwhelmed by someone jumping out of some dark corner and giving them the full dissertation on 'Staff Statistics, Future Tactics, and Security Risks – An essay on why we should keep the stormtrooper battalion here' all over again. And talking about all over again… Xarv, his large face going through a myriad of colors, had now stopped in front of them. "I beg you to reconsider this!" She sighed, forcing herself to enter the bridge. If she had to be grateful for something, it was being in the middle of night watch and not having to discuss this with the Captain in front of a fully staffed bridge. "It's exactly because we took such a high number of casualties that I wish this battalion sent away," she said, repeating the words that had been on the tip of her tongue for most of the day. "They will be far more useful on the front lines than sitting idly with us." "General, it's one thing to distribute our strength, but this—this is throwing it away and leaving us completely unprotected!" Xarv said, gesticulating with his arms. "General Hux slaughtered half of our fleet and, while I respect your decision of not calling the remaining ships back due to the dangers a rendezvous would represent, the pilots and X-Wing squads need reinforce—!” "Stormtroopers are infantryman, not pilots. They will do nothing for our squads present predicament." "We will have to set base somewhere, General." "We will not be setting base anywhere," she retorted, growing impatient. She had to put a stop to that conversation before she exploded. "What's our present course?" "General, you are sending them all away!" I'm not sending them all way , she retorted even if only to herself. That would indeed be the wise course of action given the present situation, but she couldn't bring herself to kick out the ones that integrated with the medical staff, not when half the Resistance had been saved by them after the last battle. I'm a lot of things, but I don't have it in me to be that callous. Or ungrateful. "General, please, I beg you to…" "Captain, that is enough. Our route." Xarv's head dropped as he silenced himself and guided her to the other side of the bridge. It only took a few minutes, however, for Leia to discover her attention slipping away from their route and back to the stormtroopers. She could sense the pilots' eyes on her, the accusation in them… Don't think this is easy for me. Don't think I'm doing this with a light heart. "Keep changing the route. I want our course as unpredictable as possible," she said upon hearing the end of Xarv's explanation. "If we are intercepted by the First Order, our tactic should be to run, not fight. Now, Rey, if…" Leia turned around, momentarily surprised to find absolutely no one at her side. It took another turn to find the girl, her light grey vest against the dark starry background passing by the bridge's observation window, her attention focused on the bright blue, eye-like structure among the stars. Her expression made Leia smile as she joined her. "It is rather beautiful, isn't it?" "What is it?" "The remnants of star." "That was a star? I always thought…" "That when light dies all that remains is darkness?" Leia pondered for some moments. "That is true in some cases, but sometimes light just finds a different way of surviving." She pointed at the blue structure. "And you end up finding some truly beautiful things in dark places." Rey smiled at her words, her eyes full of that kind of wonder that was mostly found on children's faces. She was truly a charming mixture of woman and child, as resourceful and independent as she was innocent. The way that had come to be, however, saddened Leia. Solitude and hardship weren't the teachers she would wish on anyone, least of all a child. It was admirable, really, Rey had not only survived, but kept her light intact. Even so… Sometimes I wonder if that is truly possible. Leia had survived too much to believe someone could go through life and not know darkness. One could, of course, turn one's back on it or decide not to be defined by that which they carried, but there wasn't anyone, absolutely anyone, that hadn't or wouldn't cross paths with it. And this girl would be more than justified in carrying it around. She wondered if Luke… Right. Luke. She turned to Rey, guiding her out of the shadowy bridge. "I have been trying to contact my brother," Leia told her while they walked through the deserted white corridors. "To tell him that you are safe with us, but I can't get the signal passed. I take, by his meddling with the reception, that he still refuses to take part in the war effort?" "He does. I tried to talk to him about that several times. I'm really sorry." "Don't be. This is neither your fault nor your fight," Leia sighed, setting her gaze on the eye like formation now visible on one of the corridor's windows. Luke was extremely lucky Rey had been the one sent to Ach-Too, because if it had been her, he would have ended up thrown off a cliff. This moment, however, wasn't the time to stew over Luke's continued disappearance, even if it did infuriate her. "I might not agree with my brother's position on this matter, but I do understand it." "I don't. He could be here, with you, making a difference for everyone," Rey retorted, looking ahead of them with a hard expression on her face. They could hear muffled voices – for an instant Leia thought she recognized Poe's – in the distance. "If he would just let me help him..." Leia was momentarily confused. Help him? "Luke doesn't need help. He choose exile and that means he is the only one who can break himself out of it." They took the corridor to their left, the one that lead to her quarters, as she continued talking. "There is always a moment in our lives when running away is preferable to facing our problems. In the end, however, whatever we do, whatever light we choose to chase to get away from our demons, we always end carrying them around." She sighed. "I love Luke dearly, but he won't be able to keep running forever." "Even so, I—" Rey didn't finish, pain flashing across her expression and making her left hand fly to her shoulder. Leia took a step closer to her. "Training injury?" Rey blinked, looked at her and shook her head. "No, not really," she murmured, massaging her shoulder. "I… This… I was feeling this long before Master Luke accepted me for training. It's nothing, just somewhat annoying." And yet, yet there was something akin to fear in her eyes. "We have doctors here," Leia pointed out, stopping by her quarter's doors. "I can have them here. If that is a strained muscle, it isn't that hard to…" But Rey was shaking her head again and Leia carefully moved her questions in another direction. "How long has this been going on?" "Weeks? It's really nothing to worry about. Master Luke—" But Leia, now introducing both of them to her well lit quarters, wasn't hearing what her brother thought. Her mind was diving to the past, to the tall figure she had come face to face with just a few hours ago, to Starkiller base and an unconscious Finn, and then further away to her brother's messages in a past so distant, so much happier than now, it was actually painful to remember. "It's not like it's ineffective," she could hear Luke say in her mind, his sand colored hair beaten by the wind. "Far from it. Ben is a very capable fighter and he has a very good idea of where his strengths lie. His tactics work. But, and I will not lie to you about this, Leia, his fighting technique is reckless, far too aggressive and I can't get through that thick head of his that a good defense is as effective as a powerful attack. By the Force, he was raining blows on me for more than twenty minutes during today's training. There isn't a single muscle in my arms I'm not becoming extremely aware of, but was he convinced I was right by not landing a single blow? Of course not." Luke rolled his eyes even as a fond smile made its ways towards his lips. "He's as stubborn as Han." He had been, but both Ben and Han were dead and she had no trouble visualizing the man that had robbed her of both of them towering well above Rey. She couldn't fathom how their confrontation could have ended with the girl coming out on top, but Luke's description of her son's fighting techniques… "Does 'weeks' mean Starkiller base?" she asked, tense, and to her surprise, to her absolute relief, Rey's eyes filled with surprise. "Starkiller base? No. Why…?" Rey stopped, clearly frustrated with herself for not understanding immediately what bush Leia's question had been beating around. "It wasn't him." Which, judging by the venomous way she said 'him,' wasn't an attempt to spare Leia's feelings but the absolute truth. Thank the Force for small mercies. C3-PO, who had made a rather good job of taking all her clothes off the furniture in the last few hours and leaving the room perfectly organized, approached them, a small tray with a green cloth, two mugs and a large quantity of cookies in his hands. "General. Lady Rey." Rey almost tripped over the carpet at those words, her face going so red that Leia had to bite her lips not to smile. "I took the time to make some tea while I monitored the messages. It's a new recipe. I hope you both like it." "You are a sweetheart, Threepio ," Leia said, taking one of the cups, while Rey muttered an almost imperceptible 'Thank you,' rapidly moving to sit by the small observation window with the tray. "Has he said anything?" "No," C3-PO guaranteed. "But I have to say he was very rude to you, Prin-General. The way he talked, acting like he didn't know you, and—and me! He didn't say a word to me!" Leia's heart was heavy as she forced herself to smile gently at the droid. "He probably didn't recognize you with the red arm." "Gracious! That is true. I should have introduced myself, how silly of me!" He turned away from her, muttering, obviously horrified by his oversight, as he made his way back to her workstation. "What was I thinking!" Leia closed her eyes, taking a moment to harden herself before she sat besides Rey, both of them observing the dark emptiness as it slid past. "You want to ask something," Leia said, taking a sip of the dark drink and savoring its soft almost sweet flavor as Rey's still blushing face turned to her. The silence seemed to become heavier than before, settling among them as if it was an entity in itself. Leia didn't have to ponder on what Rey wanted do talk about; her hesitation, the way she was studying her face as if wishing she could see what was behind it, made it extremely obvious. If only that would also make it simpler. "Do you think he is being honest? You said you didn't trust him but you are acting as if you believe him," Rey finally got enough courage to say, one hand smoothing her trousers as if to keep itself busy. "I don't trust him, but I will trust your judgment." Leia took another sip of her drink, looking at Rey and then again to the stars. She suddenly felt tired. Extremely tired. "Are you asking me what I rationally think or what I want to believe?" she asked with a pained smile. "Because those are two very different things." Rey's eyes dropped to her still full cup of tea. "I don't know Kylo Ren," Leia continued, her heart heavy. "I hoped for a long time that I still did, but he killed Han and… I don't understand what Snooke did to him, but…" She couldn't bring herself to say it, to put her painful denial of his identity out in the world. That would be making it final. That would be denying her heart its last desperate hope and mean accepting she would never see her son again. "But we know that the trackers are real, that they can and will represent a serious problem if the Order implements this new technology of theirs," she choose to say instead. "There is no easy choice here and we have no time to investigate the veracity of the Enforcer's claims. It's not so much a question of trust, but choosing the risk we would rather take." Rey frowned, apparently perfectly conscious of the way she was cornering around the issue and not willing to let it go. Even so, saying the next words seemed to require all of her courage. "You risked a meeting with him, weren't surprised in the slightest when the doctors found the tracker on Finn, and now you are breaking apart a stormtrooper battalion and sending them away," she pointed out. "Not only that, you are doing all of this behind the backs of the rest of the Resistance. You believe him." Her voice held an incredulous kind of note as she said that. Her next question sounded like a plea. "Why?" Why. Leia closed her eyes, blocking the room and all that surrounded her. She had been going over that exact question for most of the day, agonizing over the answer, questioning if she was projecting Ben, who had always abhorred lies and dishonesty, on the Order's Enforcer; if she was acting on feeling rather than reason; if she was being blinded by who he had been… Why don't I think he is lying? "General?" Rey's voice was beginning to sound worried. "Ben was an atrocious liar," she found herself saying. It was the simplest of reasons and yet it felt like she had just ripped her heart out just by sharing that. "You would know if he was lying?" "Not just me. You would too. Everyone would," she said, feeling drained. This day as been far too long. "I'm quite certain that Kylo Ren has his own agenda, but as far as what he told us goes, yes, I do believe he is being honest." "What about the Knights?" Leia shook her head. She couldn't fathom for the life of her what Ren expected to accomplish with that particular course of action, and even less with informing her of it, but the fact that Rey hadn't felt any strange presence among the Resistance gave her some security. The plan, it seemed, wasn't as advanced as he thought. I can deal with that. "Don't worry," she said. "This week saw me gaining a new shadow. I doubt anybody could jump on me without having their throat cut by my new, self-appointed bodyguard." "Who is it? Have I seen him… her?" "Allya? No. She is a rather young, younger than you at least, but trustworthy. Finn knows her; I believe he was the one who taught her how to use a blaster. I will also be keeping Chewie close." "So…" "I should be as safe as I will ever be." Which isn't saying much. A small beep coming from the workstation made both she and Rey jump out of their seats and go towards it. Leia ripped the paper, reading its contents, as Rey looked over her shoulder. "Is it him?" "Yes." And it was as impersonal as the way he had talked to them. Nothing more than a string of coordinates. Not a greeting. Not a joke. Not a goodbye. Not Ben. He is being respectful and I should be grateful for it, only I really am not. Rey took a step closer, looking at her with concerned eyes. "General…?" "Leia," she corrected. "Please." Rey blinked, trying to force the name past her lips only to give up. She took a deep breathe, obviously trying to ground herself, and spoke. "I have been thinking about this surveillance system and the trackers and I'm going to the First Order, even if Finn doesn't." Leia looked at Rey, trying to read her resolute expression. She wasn't surprised in the slightest by those words. "Why?" "Finn is my friend. I can't let him go the rest of his life with a target on his head. He deserves better than that!" "I see." Obviously prepared to continue defending her position, Rey's lips parted, then closed again. "You—you aren't going to stop me?" "I'm not saying that I feel comfortable with the perspective, but no, I won't. This is your decision and he is your friend." And I would go myself if I could. Not that she had forgotten the last time she had decided to rescue someone on her own – that disaster with Jabba the Hutt would be engraved in her mind forever – but if Han had been more than worth the risk, what Snooke had taken from her was more than worth her life. And I would end up fetching a shell, wouldn't I? It was all too much all of a sudden. Her eyes were burning and in her hands the small paper with the coordinates felt like the biggest treasure in the universe. It was silly. It was painful, and she needed to be alone. "You should go and rest," Leia said. "We all should. Have you…?" "I will be staying in the Falcon ." Leia looked around the room, finally finding C3-PO making himself useful in the most un-useful manner possible: adjusting the lights. Leia made her way towards him, touching his red arm. The droid turned in his rather unbalanced fashion to look at both of them. "Yes, General?" "Would you mind accompanying Rey to the Falcon ?" "That's really not necessary," Rey said. "I know the way." "My pleasure, General. Would you be needing something else from me?" She wouldn't and as they both left - Rey visibly embarrassed at being escorted, but still looking her way and C3-PO talking incessantly as he always did - Leia was left alone. Only one is never truly alone. Alderaan. Her parents. Han. Ben. Her ghosts, they were all here with her. There will be time to mourn when this is all over. That time isn't now. The brusque tone accomplished nothing. For once, she couldn't force herself to be strong and she had no desire for anything save for hearing their voices. Let them go. Let them rest. They are all long dead. But she was already making her way to the workstation, one of her hands hovering over it as the other took the pendant out of her necklace. The moment it touched the interface, the holographic display awoke, drawing the upper torso and the long pale face of a boy. He is dead. He isn't coming back. I'm lying to myself if I believe otherwise but… She didn't care. She needed to hear him. She needed to remember what he looked like, what he sounded like under Kylo Ren's faceless mask. She needed to do that before Snooke destroyed her memories like he had destroyed her son. I don't care if this makes me suffer. I don't care if I end up feeling like I'm losing him all over again. And just like that, a calm kind voice filled the silence and she wasn't alone anymore. "So this is somewhere in the middle of the night," she heard the boy say as he leaned backwards, his neck stretching to look at something to his left. "Believe me, you don't want to know the hour, and I've been trying to sleep for Force knows how long, so… Hi, Mom, this is obviously Ben and I will be sleepwalking through whatever is planned for tomorrow." Leia smiled as he yawned, massaging his eyes and ending up supporting his forehead in one hand as he continued. "Guess is maybe…? More roof repairs or something? My colleagues are already so detached that if I detach some of their teeth, it will make no difference." He rolled his eyes at that, setting them on her the next instant like he felt a kind of annoyed need to explain what he meant. "And yes, Mom, I'm joking. Don't go all Uncle Luke on me. So today—today we are in some Force forsaken hole in the middle of nowhere and we kept being beaten by storms. I can't seem to get a stable connection anywhere to talk to you. On the bright side, we were lucky enough to find a dripping roof to put over our heads and I was up fixing tiles on top of one of these things most of the day so…" There was some kind of low rumble and he turned rapidly, grumbling something under his breath at whatever had happened. "I know you can't see it, but it was just blown out by the storm," he informed her, his tone getting more annoyed. "There will be finger pointing in the morning, so I do hope they drown. Again, not serious." His hand went through the dark mass of curls he was obviously trying to grow. "I told Uncle Luke I'm not good at fixing things, but apparently…" He stopped suddenly, looking around as if he had heard something and expected someone to be there. For the briefest of instants he not only looked a lot younger than he was, but absolutely terrified. "Mom, I…" Leia leaned forwards, but he didn't continue; he seemed physically unable to do so. "Can I go home?" The recording ended, only to tremble and pick up at the beginning of the next message. She kept hearing him through the night, her heart tightening as he grew older, his messages less frequent and his words as scarce as his smile. Name your price , he had said the last time she had seen him, a dark faceless figure taking the place of her boy. She knew what above all else she had wished to say. What, despite everything that he had become and done, she wished to ask. She had plenty of time to be General Organa. There would be tomorrow and the day after that, she had weeks, maybe years. And so today, just for today, as he kept pleading with her time and time again to go home, she would just be his mother and she would allow herself to cry. She would allow herself to pray. I want my son back. Please, please, come home. Chapter 12 : The Stormtrooper The Stormtrooper He had never heard Rey laugh or, at least, never quite like this. It was warm and contagious and, sincerely, Finn no longer knew if he was laughing at Poe's rather cruel and completely inaccurate impression of General Hux as a cackling, half insane old man going around the Finalizer 's bridge spitting nonsense, or along with Rey so he could continue to see her without the heavy restraints that normally ruled her conduct. Even if it was just for this, it was worth presenting her to Poe. He had always been of the opinion that Rey and Poe would get along well. Even if their personalities were night and day, they had enough in common to be friends. Sure, Poe had almost made her slip into defensive mode with his extremely warm and expansive welcome, but he had somehow been able to make amends in the last few hours. First it had been BB8, then an invitation to help him with his X-Wing, and finally he had taken to telling her in full detail what exactly had caused her to witness the Finalizer 's crew dismantling the warship's two main thrusters. From there to the present mockery of Hux, it had been only a matter of minutes. That Finn too was laughing without feeling afraid or the need to point how wrong the portrayal was had been a pleasant revelation. Hux had never been a constant presence during his training, not like Phasma had, but the General had something about himself that left a lasting impression, something that told everyone he wasn't someone to be made fun of or joked about. And yet, Poe winked at him, smiling widely as Rey leaned against the dark X-Wing and sat next to BB8, clearly unable to stop laughing. He was able to see the humor in what the pilot was doing, maybe not as much as Rey did, but enough so that, for an instant, the First Order was a mere shadow, little more than a bad dream. If only that was true. The moment he thought that, the fear Ren's words had awoken inside him returned. He had hoped against hope, even after Ren had presented that rather solid argument about how fast the troops had found him in Jakku, that the Enforcer was misinformed. Unfortunately, General Organa's insistence that he went to the Medical Bay had all but eviscerated his hopes. Ren could, of course, be mistaken about the new surveillance system, but he wasn't about the implants. They existed; they were operational and could not be removed. Finn looked at his two friends. Poe who had a big enough heart to put the entire galaxy inside of it, and Rey whose lonely eyes hid the strongest person he had ever met. They had been the first people to see him not as a soldier or a stormtrooper or a member of the First Order, but as an individual, someone who was valuable not as tool, but simply because he was alive. And I'm putting them in danger just by being here. He had put both of them in danger before—Poe to a lesser scale than Rey, as the pilot would be dead or worse if he had not taken him off of the Finalizer , but that didn't make any of this easier. Both Kylo Ren and General Organa had acted like he had a choice, a decision to make about his participation in the madness the Enforcer had planned. One of them had gone as far as setting a deadline for it. The thing was that he really didn't feel he had a choice. He could try to flee, of course, but he had stopped believing that accomplished anything the moment Rey had been taken prisoner on Starkiller. Nobody protected anybody by running away. I have no choice. And yet, he wished he had. The idea of going back was nauseating, and to work with Kylo Ren of all people, the man who murdered Han Solo in cold blood… But if I don't do this… He took his eyes away from the X-Wing supports he had been blindly contemplating for the last minutes and set them on Poe, Rey and BB8, only to find all of them looking at him expectantly. "What did I miss?" "The epic tale of our escape from the Finalizer , buddy, and the rare opportunity to contribute to it," Poe said, leaning against the X-Wing, and looking at Rey. "By the way, Rey, thanks for taking care of my droid and that guy over there. I don't want to imagine what would have happened if you hadn't." Rey took a second to react to that. "We took care of each other, really," she ended up saying, clearly embarrassed even if thrilled, and jumped to her feet. "I will fix your radio." She dived behind the X-Wing, BB8 rolling after her beeping happily. The moment she disappeared, Poe turned to him, his expression serious. "I don't know what I was expecting she would be, but do you know how lucky you were to run into someone like that?" "Believe me, I do." And if possible, the guilt he was feeling for putting the two of them in danger rose tenfold. He felt deeply grateful – not to say, a lot safer – knowing Rey's intentions to come with him, but knowing at the same time what he was throwing her into only made him wish he could disappear in the middle of the night. He wondered what Poe would think if he knew the full details of what they were planning. General Organa had clearly stated that no one, and that included Poe and even Chewbacca, was to know of their contact with Kylo Ren, what had transpired between them, or their present plan. He doubted the wookie had noticed anything strange, but Poe had noticed something was off the moment they had left the Falcon . "What was that about?" he had asked, knocking on the door of the dormitory in the middle of night watch and dragging him out of it. They had roamed the deserted corridors for hours, first in silence, then with Finn trying to convey what was happening without actually revealing anything. In all, Finn believed he had been successful. It was difficult to say what exactly Poe had concluded beyond the very general lines of: 'I have a mission. They gave me a choice I really don't feel I have, but I will go through with it because it's what is right for the Resistance,' but he had understood the rather desperate request for advice behind the words and rose to answer it. "This is not about doing what is right for the Resistance or the galaxy, Finn. This is about making the choice you can live with for the rest of your life," Poe had said, leaning against a large observation window. His words had actually surprised Finn. "Whatever that is, make sure you can look back on it and feel proud. If things go south, you can hold on to that, even if there isn't anything else to hold on to." "That's what you do?" "I'm with the Resistance because I would rather die fighting the flames that are trying to destroy the galaxy than sit and watch while they do," he answered. "That's how I feel, but it doesn't mean you or anyone else has to feel the same. There is no shame in thinking differently, in acting differently, or in making another choice. What is right for you might not be what's right for others." "You volunteered to retrieve that map to Skywalker." "I choose to take that risk because I wouldn't be able to live with myself if I didn't. I volunteered because, for me, it was the right thing to do. There were many in here that disagreed; many more that were convinced that I would be found, captured and killed." He had laughed at that. "They were mostly correct, of course, but I believed, and still do, that I did the right thing. Remorse is our enemy here, Finn. And remorse is mostly achieved by doing something that goes against our nature because others see it as right." He had grasped his shoulder after those words. "Wasn't that why you left the First Order?" And now I have to go back. He wondered what Poe would have said if he knew what his mission really consisted of, if he would still think the same way or if he would try to dissuade him from this course of action. Do I want him to? Rey, who was now talking softly with BB8 and hidden by the X-Wing motor, hadn't. Her response to his direct question about what she felt he should do had been as straight to the point as her reactions always were. "Do you believe what he told the General?" It wasn't as if he didn't believe what Ren had said. He saw the Enforcer as many things: a monster for starters, vicious, murderous, with delusions of grandeur and without a drop of compassion in him. What he didn't see Ren as, however, was a liar. He clearly had some reason to be acting the way he was, even the General said so. But lying, well, he didn't think he was lying. The General seemed to think exactly the same thing. And Rey… She doesn't think he is lying either. That, if nothing, else disturbed him. Worse, as the deadline approached he had started to suspect that Rey had not only decided to accompany him, but that she was determined to go even if he didn't. I have my back against the wall… That sensation followed him through the rest of day, intensifying as night watch grew near and slowly the hangar emptied. "You can still say no," Rey said as they climbed to the Falcon a few steps behind Leia. "You can turn back, if that's what you want." But will you turn back? Poe's words hammered in his mind. Pride. Remorse. Something he could live with. Would I ever forgive myself if I say no to this? More than that, would he ever forgive himself if she went alone? If she ended up hurt or worse because he had been too afraid to go back? The Falcon left the Resistance fleet, diving into hyperspace and towards a set of coordinates Leia inputted on its console. The same fear coursed through them as they approached the destination, but like the last time the only thing coming to meet them was the black shuttle. "He isn't there," Rey observed as it approached and veered in the direction of a small clay colored moon in the middle of the stars. "He didn't come." The General's eyes didn't show anything more than cold, hard resolution as she got up from her seat and followed the path of the shuttle from the cockpit window. "Let's not jump to conclusions," she said, consulting the radar nevertheless. "How many people are inside?" "One," Rey muttered, her expression becoming momentarily distant. "The pilot," Leia concluded, moving towards the ground scanners. "The surface is deserted." "No hyperspace signatures either. What do we do?" Rey's questioning eyes were on him, not the General. You can still turn back , they seemed to be saying, and he very much wished to do so. Make sure you can look back on it and feel proud , Poe's voice retorted. You have a choice, even if you don't feel like you have one. "We risk it." He almost laughed at his own words. So be it, then. If he did go down, it would be in the middle of the flames—the same flames he had so desperately tried to get away from. Chapter 13 : The Strategist The Strategist The newly installed cannons were still unaligned. “Signal the TIEs to reposition the target,” Hux ordered, walking along the bridge’s central platform, his attention on the slowly revolving former Resistance carrier in the distance. “How far along are we with the calibrations?” “Ninety five percent, General.” This is taking far too long. A group of TIEs approached the gutted carrier, stabilizing it and dragging it closer to the Finalizer . In the farthest region of the bridge, three officers adjusted the head of a signaling lamp, tapping his orders to a TIE suspended midway between them and the rest of its group. Meticulously, the pilots started maneuvering the carrier, turning it, then immobilizing it on a predetermined spot over the Finalizer ’s bow. “Calibrations now at ninety seven per cent, General,” a voice announced to his left. “Target positioned.” How bored am I to be supervising this? “We are green. Cannons fully calibrated and charged.” “Signal the TIE’s to release the target,” Hux ordered, turning towards the radar to observe the carrier’s trajectory as it was launched further away from his flagship. His fingers tapped on the edge of the console as his target approached the limits of the cannons range. “Lock on and fire.” The floor under his feet vibrated, a low hum filling the bridge as the cannons turned and four bright energy trails burst towards the target. An explosion ensued in the distance. “We have contact. Positive on all fronts. Fourth cannon showing signs of excessive recoil.” Hux circumvented the console, stopping behind a short, blond woman rapidly pressing buttons on her console. “Is it the same one as before?” “Positive, Sir,” she confirmed. “It got misaligned by several degrees.” “Possibly a mechanical malfunction. Get engineering to the site.” He turned again towards the radar. “Is the target still usable?” “Destroyed, General.” Pity. “Signal the TIE’s to drag some of those wrecks into position,” Hux ordered. Somewhere behind him, the door to the bridge opened. “We will be running a full combat simulation. Have the solid projectiles removed and—” A low whisper of ‘General’ interrupted him, the sheer amount of panic contained in the word making Hux look around expecting some kind of imminent disaster to befall the bridge and instead finding the livid face of Mitaka, eyes wide and hands tremulous, set on something – or someone, for there was only one person in the entire First Order that could put Mitaka on the verge of a nervous breakdown – behind him. Impossible. He can’t… And then a voice broke through his incredulity, a woman’s voice – low, distorted, unknown –and all of his nightmares collided into a sense of utter shock as Hux looked over his shoulder and found three black figures standing on his bridge. I’m going to kill you, Ren. “General Hux. A moment of your time.” The Knights. Ren had forgotten his bloody bags. “This is highly inconvenient,” Hux retorted, pinching the bridge of his nose as he observed the TIE’s through the radar. “We will try to be quick,” the woman hissed, and something in her voice, a cold note that sounded disturbingly like a threat, made him turn, face devoid of emotion. “What is this about?” “A simple question of headcount, General.” “Headcount?” The bridge’s door opened again, this time to let Phasma and a stormtrooper unit in. The Knights' heads turned as she approached, her soldiers scattering around the bridge as she covered the distance between them and positioned herself at his side. The female Knight made a pacifying gesture, her mask’s visor on Phasma’s. “There is no need to get protective, Captain. We aren’t here to cause trouble.” “That remains to be seen,” Phasma retorted, her hands grasping the blaster as if she was expecting to have to start shooting at any moment. This is not good. Worse, as if reacting to her tension, the bridge had fallen eerily quiet, the sounds of chatter and work disappearing as every single officer reached down under their respective consoles. It would be a truly moving display of loyalty if they weren’t presently surrounded by the instruments keeping his flagship from taking a nose dive directly towards the planet. “Captain, lower your blaster,” Hux ordered, calmly, his eyes never leaving the Knights. “I will not have the Finalizer crash into the surface on account of this.” Phasma's shoulders tensed, but, even so, she obeyed, engaging the blaster’s safety and letting it rest by her side. “A wise decision, General,” the female Knight said as, around him, the bridge’s crew obeyed his implied order. “Now, where is Ren?” Hux felt a sudden need to bang his head against the nearest wall. Of course, when wasn’t the root of all his problems him ? “Ren is engaged elsewhere,” he informed her, voice measured as he faced the group. “He agreed to fetch the help we need to get out of this hole.” “Agreed?” she repeated, surprise turning into an accusation. “This was you. Why?” I don’t like your tone. “Ren knows the local dialect.” I wished to get rid of him. “He is non-essential personnel and perfectly capable of dealing with less than ideal circumstances on his own. On the all…” “You are saying he went alone ?” The something in her voice was back, that cold hissing note that sounded so much like a threat. At his side, Phasma made a discreet movement with her arm, momentarily covering the top of the blaster with her cape. From his position, Hux could see her removing the safety from the blaster. “General. Was he alone?” Hux’s fingers tapped on the console, his attention fixed on the dark mask, his memory going to his first assessment of the Knights’ identities and hers in particular. This is not who I thought it was. The Knight he had taken her for, the woman he had worked with on various occasions, had always spoken to him with a brusque sort of honesty, but never with disrespect. He had no idea who the one now in front of him was, but Isahaine Ren she was certainly not. He knew nothing about the woman now before him, nor what to expect. This is not good at all. His fingers were still tapping on the console as he answered, eyes slowly measuring each of the three Knights before returning to her. “I admit that I thought he had taken all of you with him,” he said, facing the skull like mask that covered her face. “You thought wrong.” I truly don’t like your tone. “You see, General,” she continued. “We are supposed to accompany him at all times. This is highly irregular.” “I’m rather sure he’s trying to get on my nerves, not yours," Hux said, trying his best at a calm, diplomatic tone and succeeding magnificently on impatient and authoritarian instead. “A shuttle may already be on its way to collect you.” He gestured towards the exterior as he spoke, only to see the three Knights follow his gesture and turn towards the exterior, expectant. If I could magically conjure something, it sure as hell wouldn’t be him! Given the circumstances, however, that would probably be the wisest course of action. Judging by how restrained their behavior had been in Ren’s presence, they were afraid of him and there was nothing like fear to keep people on the line. “If you are done…” “We are not done,” she snapped. “You will provide us with the means to get to Kylo Ren.” Hux wanted to laugh. He would have, if that wasn’t akin to suicide. If she thought he would waste the last of his shuttles on them… “I will do no such thing.” “You are being intentionally uncooperative, General.” “My job doesn’t involve babysitting Ren or assisting you in doing so,” Hux snarled, lips pursed in anger. “Now, I would be extremely grateful if you would leave and proceed to do your jobs.” The woman’s fists clenched. “The Supreme Leader will be highly unsatisfied when he discovers that you were directly involved with his disappearance.” “I doubt he will be thrilled when he finds how this other Knight, Veshay, not only betrayed you, but continues to elude your searches,” Hux retorted, coldly. “In fact, I’m under the impression Ren won’t be particularly satisfied by this continued failure, either. Or am I wrong in assuming he put all of you to assisting the Captain in locating your missing member?” His words were meet with silence. It was difficult to keep the smirk off his face as, with a last venomous look in his direction, the trio abandoned the bridge. Checkmate, then. He turned back the radar, victorious. “Status.” “Three cruisers are now in place.” “Have them placed on a wider—” “Sir. A word in private.” Hux pinched the bridge of his nose again. You too? “Is this important, Captain?” “I wouldn’t be interrupting you if it wasn’t.” Hux turned away from the console, signaling towards a more private corner of the bridge. “Speak.” Phasma looked around, before closing the distance between them and whispering in a clearly angry voice. “That was reckless, telling me to lower the blaster—” “I have the utmost confidence in your hand to hand combat proficiency.” “This is no laughing matter.” “I have three very irritated Knights aboard the Finalizer , Captain. As hilarious as that would be if I wasn’t the one stuck with them, I can assure you that I’m not even slightly amused.” Phasma pointed her hand towards the bridge’s closed door. “She killed three of my men when she discovered Ren had left—two of them on the planet, one already inside the Finalizer ,” she informed in a whisper. “She can’t be trusted. I ask you, I beg you if I must, to act with caution.” “Is this what you wanted to discuss, Captain? Because if it is…” Phasma removed a screen from her belt, offering it to him. He knew what that was without her having to utter a single word. “North entrance again?” he asked, indifferent, as he ran his eyes over the stormtroopers’ identification numbers and their statuses. “This adds nothing to what we already know.” Phasma was looking around again, tensing as two of the bridge’s officers passed them and turning to him the instant they were distant enough not to hear. “Sir,” her voice was tense. “The battalion that disappeared… The soldiers were not the ones picked for the assault. None of them were.” Hux looked up, his eyebrows settling into a furious line. “What?!” “Someone switched the groups. I have no idea who. I questioned the stormtroopers, but they know nothing and all of their stories coincide.” Her voice dropped even lower. “This was introduced into the Finalizer ’s system. Whoever did this has high level access.” “Have you ordered a search for the perpetrator?” “The system was cleaned,” she fell silent again, waiting until a new group cleared the area. “Sir, I don’t think this is Ren. We must inform him of—” “Of what?” he asked, his voice with just a hint of anger. “Another mass desertion? One, for all we know, he could be perfectly involved with?” “I have worked with Ren in the field. He is respected, but I can assure you he doesn’t evoke the kind of loyalty needed for a whole battalion to defect on his command. The troops—” “Know as much about him as we do, which amounts to nothing.” “General, this is not the time to start doubting each other.” I have been doubting Ren since that bloody map come into play. That had been the moment everything had started to unravel. First, holding silence over FN-2187. Then, insisting on getting the droid, only to get sidetracked because of a worthless scavenger and let it slip into the hands of the Resistance. And finally, his silence about intruders on Starkiller’s oscillator… And now this. What is he playing at?! “Sir?” “I want answers, Captain,” Hux said, his lips drawing down into a thin a line. “We will not be informing Ren of anything until them.” Chapter 14 : The Enforcer The Enforcer Life was, in many ways, similar to a gamble. It worked in a series of high stake situations one had to navigate, negotiate, or fight through to survive. Like a game, it changed its appearance over time. Circumstances changed; conflicts shrank and grew, or they disappeared altogether. Players and objectives followed the same pattern, but whatever form it took—that game, that gamble, above which life fought to keep its precarious balance— it was always the same, the rules set by people whose lives had long ended, but whose power struggle controlled everything for millennia. In the grand scheme of things, most people were just born and feed to the mincer. Those who believed themselves to be mere observers were just lucky enough to have dodged the blades. There were the ones who got caught in the conflicts, the one's that had nothing to gain from them and ended up paying the price of other people's ambitions. They were like specs of dust, grains of sand silently carried down a stream, their lives forgotten, their deaths indifferent. They were not players. They were people like the ones killed in the Hosnian system, targeted for no other reason than being in the wrong place at the wrong time. Then there were those that, due to some set of genetic circumstances, had been born to the game. Those were the ones who thought themselves players and that were, in fact, little more than pieces thrown against each other at some mastermind's whim, all of them thinking they had joined the fight willingly, that their objectives mattered, that they could make a difference. Those were the fools like himself, the ones that had something to gain, but even more to lose. They knew the rules, if not the stakes or the plan, and the ones that ruled Kylo Ren's life, even if they had never been stated, were as clear to him as if they had been. Don't ever trust anyone. Don't ever trust yourself. Be useful and you will be rewarded. Obey and you will be made stronger. Show weakness… Supreme Leader Snooke's face floated in his mind, a veiled threat in his eyes. It was clear, it was simple, it left him no choice—only he hadn't lived with General Leia Organa for a third of his life without learning something, and he had probably learned far more than she dreamed she had taught him. Her motto of 'You can do anything as long as you try' had been well meaning, if not exactly realistic, but more than that, it had failed him time and time again. The one she ruled her life with, however, was different. It had kept him afloat. In more ways than one, it had kept him alive. And now you wish that it hadn't. It was only fair that she didn't trust him. There was no reason left to deserve anything but her scorn. Even so, in his mind, she had a hand grasped on his shoulder, the hard expression she had been facing someone with dissolving into a mischievous smile as she leaned over him. She had been young then, younger than he was now, but he hadn't been able to conjure her face for the longest time and, even now, after seeing her just days before and being startled at how different she looked, how tired she was, he still couldn't envision her properly. The only thing left was her words. "Always play to your strengths." His job would have been made easier if he was told to play to his weaknesses, but even so he was not blind to his strengths. He was powerful with the Force and a skilled warrior – even if judging by the fact that a stormtrooper had been able to lay a blow on him, he was becoming lax! Only General Organa hadn't meant any of that. In her eyes, his strength would be in the way his explosive temper, his quiet nature, and his overall behavior meant that more often than not people underestimated him. He might have intimidated half the Order into obedience and terrified the rest to the point that they didn't dare utter a word of dissension, but there wasn't a single person – with the unfortunate exception of that annoying sycophant Hux who was far too observant for his own good! – that didn't take him at face value. On the whole, he didn't remember exactly when or exactly why he had gone from tool to player, but he had been gambling both his sanity and his life far more than he should as of late. One of them was on the verge of collapse; the other was getting devalued by the second. If he was alive, it was because he was valuable to the cause. It had become obvious, however, that he had lost the very thing he couldn't have afforded to lose: Leader Snooke's trust. Never before had he needed the Knights breathing down his neck during a mission. Snooke could call them whatever he wanted, Kylo knew what they were there for: to monitor him, report on his activities, keep him in line… And put me down if the situation calls for it. He had no idea if he had been fortunate or unusually far sighted when it came to that particular possibility. Whatever the case, those among the Knights whose involvement could have put him in danger were away, either assigned to far too important missions to be dispensable or so far away they wouldn't be able to reach headquarters in the short window the Supreme Leader needed them to. Snooke had been forced to work with what he had and the end result had been Essen, Lyr and Ryhase, a group that was trouble enough without Veshay – one of his red flags – having materialized out of nowhere before she vanished entirely during the assault on the Resistance base. Kylo had half-expected—even half-desired—Veshay to follow him to DCF-98, but neither her, nor any of the Knights he had left stranded on the Finalizer had. There was a sense of victory in that, even if he more than acknowledged what his current actions spelled for him. This wasn't navigating loopholes or choosing to interpret orders the way they best suited his interests; it was insubordination, and for that he would pay dearly. The thought of punishment, however, didn't scare him as much as it should. As long as no third party got caught in the crossfire, he was passed caring. Even so… If FN-2187 doesn't come, I risked everything for nothing. He ran his eyes over the sky. In the distance, the column of dense, black smoke he had passed on his way to the floating city kept rising, twisting against the deeply blue sky as it made its way between the white skyscrapers and even whiter clouds. Too early. I'm not giving them enough time. He had taken long enough to reach DCF-98, with the detour he had made to negotiate with General Organa only making the trip longer. If his calculations were correct, the shuttle should still be on its way to the rendezvous. If it would find someone at its destination was another question altogether. He could proceed without FN-2187. The original plan didn't involve him the slightest, it didn't involve anyone but himself, but the former stormtrooper's presence would give him an advantage, something with which he could tip the scales. If only he was just looking for the shuttle, focusing on his mission, and not listening to the Force, trying to find something, trying to sense… Rey. His fists clenched as a group of birds flew past the window. It was frustrating. He had done everything that had been asked of him, sacrificed everything, and yet he was still getting sidetracked, doubting himself, tripping over the same pitfalls—feeling. "Sir." Kylo turned towards the call, his attention falling on the seven man stormtrooper squad now aligned at the end of the small flight of stairs that lead to the panoramic window. Taking the lead, the only stormtrooper with a red shoulder blade saluted him. "We apologize for the delay, Sir. He's now outside." "A full day, Sergeant, doesn't qualify as a delay," he retorted, annoyed. "Explain yourself." The stormtrooper hesitated. Truth be told, he didn't need to say anything to give an answer. His mind was transparent to the point of actually assaulting Kylo's with the information he sought. "There was a problem, Sir." Behind the mask, Kylo frowned, his attention turning again towards the column of black smoke twisting its way out of the city. His mind was filling with images for which the Force was far too eager to give details. Empty, scorched streets and overturned vehicles. A still young man in a First Order uniform being caught on an explosion. People cowering behind closed doors. Dozens of bloated, discolored, decomposing corpses left to rot on the side walk and swinging from street lamps… He knew what he was seeing even if he hadn't walked the streets below. And I'm either in dire need of enlightenment or about to cross paths with an unparalleled ass. It didn't matter, whatever the case. Solving that was Hux's job, not his and Hux could deal with it later. Or he would if the words hadn't already left Kylo's mouth before he could do anything to stop himself. "By 'problem', Sergeant, are you referring to the reason for the rather distasteful display of failed biohazard disposal?" "Dis-Display?" "The macabre decorations this place has acquired." The Sergeant looked around the large white room they were standing in completely at a lost. "I'm not understanding, Sir." How dense can he be?! "The deceased presently decaying in the streets," he said in a low voice, head turning slowly to the soldier. "What is that about?" "The Resistance did that, Sir. The Governor ordered the dead left where they fell," the Sergeant informed him. "In his opinion, they will be instrumental in deterring the locals from joining any rebel groups." "They will be instrumental in starting an epidemic," Kylo retorted."I want it cleaned." "Sir." "Send him in." The Sergeant saluted again, walking to the door to let a second stormtrooper group in. Were the situation different, Kylo might actually have found some humor in the way it presented itself, its ranks so closely tied around the bulky figure of a dark skinned elder, one could only conclude they were expecting him to make a run for it at any moment. An extremely realistic scenario given that he can barely keep pace with you. In fact, the one concern that should have been on the soldiers' minds was making sure the man reached his destination before a heart attack reached him. A flicker of sympathy broke through his annoyance, only to be crushed by a rising sense of anger when the battalion opened ranks to reveal the impeccably dressed elder – his head held high, dark expressive eyes somehow finding his behind the helmet's visor – and an uncomfortable feeling settled in the back of his mind. A warning. He felt like he knew him, or, at least, that he should. Who is this? The elder threw his cape backwards, stepping away from the soldiers. "I bid you welcome to DCF-98,"he said in the local dialect, his accent so heavy it was almost impossible to understand his words. "It is an honor to meet someone of such high stature. It highly diminishes my own." It took a moment to process what he had heard, even another to convince himself he hadn't put some weird spin on the words and construed some meaning – one that somehow involved his and the elder's height difference – they weren't meant to have. The moment he convinced himself otherwise, however… Hilarious. I had the fool and now I found… Possibly the tailor. The elder had certainly dressed for the part. There wasn't anything about his appearance that had been left to chance. His clothes, a pale blue, were elegantly tailored, his white mustache carefully trimmed, his hair clearly dyed and combed. The stormtroopers could have shoved as many First Order arm-bands as they wish up his arm, covered him in First Order garments and regalia without being able to hide what he was—a local. And that accent… "You know Basic. Speak it or I will find someone else who will," Kylo ordered, making a signal for the stormtroopers to step back as he studied the elder, the uncomfortable feeling only getting stronger as he went. Why did he feel he should know him? More important than that, however, was understanding why he was there. The man was clearly meant to be a liaison, the need for that... "The Order had sent a representative to this system. Where is he?" Having crumpled for the tiniest of moments at his words, the old face regained its confident expression. His tone, however, was measured. "Dead," he informed him in Basic. "Alongside a great number of your troops." "That answers nothing." "This region has been having serious problems with rebel groups. Your Governor was one of their victims. They…" The elder frowned as if trying to decide how much he should put into words without making himself a target. "They planted a bomb." He sighed, his eyes momentarily diverted to the rising column of smoke behind Kylo. "If you wish to talk to the witnesses…" "Hardly. When was this?" "Shortly before your arrival. His body—" "Unless it's being reassembled so that it can return to its former functions, it really doesn't concern me," he retorted, studying the old face. "Who are you?" "Name is Calrissian," the elder informed him, the Sergeant's mind taking Kylo's attention away from the familiarity of that name as it started yet again to leak into his—a door being broken down. The man now in front of him rising as a stormtrooper battalion burst into his house. "I was elected as this city's representative until the First Order provides us with a new governor." You were forced into that position at gunpoint you self-ingratiating fool , Kylo mentally snapped, releasing himself from the images. "And should I congratulate you on that achievement or offer you my condolences?" he asked, humor finding its way into his voice at Calrissian's torn expression. "Both, then." The elder blinked, cleared his throat, and choose to proceed as if he hadn't heard him. "May I ask what the Master of the Knights of Ren is doing here?" he asked. "I highly doubt Supreme Leader Snooke would answer your Governor's distress calls by sending someone of your position." I highly doubt he would answer them at all. "General Hux suffered a setback," Kylo informed him, eyes rising to the large, geostationary structure visible past the skylight. "It's his wish to have the Finalizer towed in for repairs in one of your docks." The Calrissian reflected in the window's glass shook his head. "Did he also mention how he plans for that to be done? Or should we bring him here through the power of prayer?" "Is this about the rebels again?" Calrissian took a step forwards for the second time, somehow, finding his eyes behind the mask. "This place is under siege. It has been for almost a year. We can't get anyone in or out of this city without having them rain out of the sky. I have no idea how your shuttle was able to land without being shot down, but there isn't a way we can get anything, much less the number of tugs needed to drag a Star Destroyer, to the General." Calrissian hesitated and, if nothing else, Kylo had to respect the man's nerve for what he said next. "If General Hux needs help, we must be provided with the means to help ourselves first." "Or I can take my business elsewhere." "If you can get out of the city. The General must help us." The General would send your city crashing into the planet's surface rather than do so. It was laughable. He had business far too important to be losing time at DCF-98. Solving the sector's problems was not remotely his job and yet the options he had left were even worse than somehow ending up doing exactly that while still obeying Hux's commands. I have no time for this. Sense, logic—everything was screaming at him to swallow his pride, turn back, abandon the city to its luck, and put Hux's oh-so-brilliant-mind on the hunt for another repair zone. Only, he could already see the end result. Hux licking his lips at yet another failure, using it to ingratiate himself with the Supreme Leader and making him look like a fool. Not. Again. His fists clenched, muscles tensing as the storm inside his mind picked up. I can't face the Supreme Leader without my guard dogs. I can't stay here and I can't leave. I'm losing time! He was also treading the same path that commonly lead to his temper snapping. In fact, was it not for the crushing pain in his right shoulder half-paralyzing his arm, he probably would've been racing down it instead of turning to question Calrissian in what sounded like a low snarl. "Have we any of these 'rebels' in custody?" "Not to my knowledge." Calrissian's dark eyes turned to the stormtrooper with the red shoulder blade. "No, Sir," the Sergeant echoed, and his mind was leaking information again. "The ones captured—" "Committed suicide," Kylo finished, impatient. It was setback after setback and the Sergeant's overwhelming eagerness to share useless information wasn't helping. He knows nothing. Not a whisper about sympathizers, not a single hideout… Anger was making it increasingly difficult to organize his thoughts. For all the conversation was achieving, he might as well pull a sack over his head and hit the streets blind in hopes of being attacked and led to… Wait. "Sergeant. Assemble a strike team. I want our enemies captured alive." "Sir." Kylo descended from the risen platform that lead to the window. As he did so, Calrissian approached, dropping his voice until it was barely audible. "Even if your men are able to capture the rebels, they won't talk," he whispered, and for the third time his dark eyes found the one's hidden by the dark visor. "They never talk." Behind the mask Kylo's expression hardened. They don't need to. Chapter 15 : The Scavenger The Scavenger This is not going to work. It can’t possibly work. Rey fastened the belt around her waist, adjusting the armguards’ straps and then those of the black boots as she looked around nervously, expecting Force-knows-what to jump at her from behind the scarce furniture as she fumbled with just about everything while pulling the black garments over her clothes. This is stupid, reckless, farfetched! It was all of that and more, and even if by now Rey couldn’t pinpoint what among the many badly thought out details took the cake in the ‘Worst plan I ever heard’ competition – not that that plan of hers that had gotten the rathtars loose was better – two points stood out among the rest. First, the immediate concern: there was something wrong with the pilot. It had been Finn who had first noticed it; pointing it out to her as Rey rejoined him at the base of the shuttle’s access ramp, the overwhelming wave of affection that had made her sprint back to hug a startled Leia, subsiding enough for her to stop looking back at her lonely figure and pay attention to Finn's suspicious expression. “That isn’t normal,” he had said, his head making a discreet gesture to the absolutely still and silent figure lingering at the top of the ramp, its face hidden by an ugly black helmet she had never before seen. “Something isn’t right.” Even now, she had no idea what exactly had caught her friend’s attention; Finn himself had not been able to pinpoint what that was – something in the way the pilot was standing or in the flat voice with which he had directed them to the shuttle’s private chamber – but when almost a day after their departure the pilot had came back to present them with two large, closed boxes, Rey had finally been able to sense the reason behind whatever Finn had noticed. It was subtle, almost untraceable, but it was there, wrapped around the pilot’s mind like a shroud, putting him into a deep, slumbering state—the Force. The pilot was little more than a puppet. Even if Finn was clearly relieved at knowing that their presence was being kept secret – as horrified as he was by the pilot’s predicament – Rey had a lot to say about Kylo Ren’s sense of entitlement over other people’s minds and even more about the way he intended to hide them in plain sight: both her and Finn were masquerading as Knights. Does he really think nobody will notice their colleagues being replaced by Finn and I?! Wasn’t he supposed to be General Organa’s and Han Solo’s son? They were both clever and resourceful. Had he completely missed inheriting anything worthwhile from his family? Did he have to not only have a fascination with some genocidal maniac, but also fail at simple logic?! Couldn’t he think of anything better than this?! Can I? Rey stopped, one arm in the sleeve of a long, black jacket as her brain tried to find a better solution. It doesn’t matter. Even if there weren’t any other options, it was still a bad plan. Someone was bound to notice something was off, and by the looks of it, it was perfectly possible someone would do that just by looking at her: the black garments didn’t fit her. They belonged to someone with far larger hips – not to mention a larger chest, but the shirt could be folded and hidden under the jacket. The trousers were a completely different matter – whoever owned these prior was shorter than her. By some miraculous coincidence, she did fit inside the boots, but… “This isn’t going to work,” she repeated, her anger turning into worry as she looked down at herself. “It won’t work.” Her fingers smoothed the fabric as she looked around the dark, depersonalized room, eyes running over the uncomfortable furniture. Rey had to admit that it was not in the slightest what she had expected of the First Order, even if, in a strange way, it was exactly what she had expected of Ren. No comforts. Nothing in which to indulge in. Nothing to call his own. Everything he had, he seemingly kept with himself. In a way, it reminded her of Master Luke. Only Luke Skywalker’s hut in Ach-Too had a worn, lived-in feeling that made it seem like a home. There was nothing similar to that in this room. It was impersonal, cold and – save for a large, open book left forgotten over the work desk, its pages held in place by a long wooden box – empty. Even her small house in Jakku had felt more welcoming. Even she had had more pleasure in her life, as awful as it had been, than he seemed to have in his. Am I pitying him? The sudden realization left an unpleasant flavor in her mouth, making her turn her back to the desk and start walking around the room, her mind going back to Starkiller base, to Han Solo, Finn and Chewie—and then, without her permission, to a pale man whose dark eyes had turned sad and desperate, whom she had left broken and bleeding in the snow. He deserved it. He deserved everything he got. Something swirled inside her, whispering words she didn’t understand as she saw Finn unconscious in the snowy forest, his back opened by a lightsaber, and Han Solo – who in his rough, brusque way had been nothing but kind to her, who had offered her a job, a place to belong, who was everything she had dreamed for a father – impaled in the chest by the same weapon that somehow had failed to kill her friend. “Finn?” she called, trying to push the images out of her mind. “Are you ready?” A low mumble answered her from behind the closed door as once again she saw Han falling, disappearing, dying, and a soft voice, a kind voice that was filled with pain, reached out to her from the past, speaking as if the one behind it not only cared but understood. He would disappoint you. “What do you know?” she whispered to the empty room. “You know nothing, you—” The door opened, sliding to let Finn, who was shaking his head in a kind of calm, exasperated way that seemed to indicate he was either coming to terms with the plan or about to have his say about it, enter the main room. “The man’s brain is clearly leaking out of his ears,” he announced, opening his arms so that Rey could take a clear look at the heavy black garments he was wearing and that, in his case, belonged to an average height, less powerfully built Knight. “You think this is bad, don’t you, Rey? But do you know what is really bad?” He turned back to the room he had been dressing in, pulling something that looked like a blaster out of it and then a small sized weapon whose similarities to a dagger ended in the flat, blunt blade that would be more suited for a kitchen than a warzone. “Tell me, what is this? Should I start slapping him with this thing?” Rey had to laugh at that, shaking her head as she took the strange weapon and examined it, unable to reach any conclusion about how it should be used. “You look good,” Finn said, taking the weapon back and putting it in a holster in the large belt. “I mean, it is disturbing as hell seeing you dressed like that, but you really look the part.” A pause as he looked, eyebrows raised, to her belt. “Are you taking the lightsaber?” Rey looked down. The jacket design meant that only half of it was held in place by the belt, leaving the straps where she had put Luke’s lightsaber visible. “I feel better taking it,” she said to Finn. She then pointed to the old staff she had already put on her back and to the pistol Han Solo had given her. “I’m also taking these.” “The walking armory,” Finn said. She punched him softly in the arm, making him give a heartfelt laugh only for his expression to fall into sadness a second latter. “I never thought I would be going back,” he muttered, his eyes darkening, a hand going to the back of his neck, the place where she knew the tracker had been placed. “I thought I had escaped, but things are never that simple are they?” He gave her a nervous smile, as if apologizing for his sudden lack of control, and looked around, falling silent. Rey bit her lips, fighting to find something to say only to end up blurting out the farthest thing from what she probably should be asking him. “What should I know about them?” She wanted to hit herself for asking that. Finn, however, didn’t seem to find the question strange or out of place. He frowned, thinking. “About the Knights? I really don’t know that much,” he admitted. “I mean, they are supposedly a large group, but I only ever saw Ren, and even that was only once for a few minutes. He's their commanding officer, or something.” That gave her an unpleasant feeling. “What do they call him?” she asked carefully, as the same realization seemed to hit Finn and his expression fell. “What did stormtroopers call him?” “Commander. Mostly Sir.” The unpleasant feeling multiplied tenfold. “That is something I won’t be calling him,” she muttered, incredulous, as a long beep echoed in the room making them both turn to the shuttle’s inner communication console. It was Finn who approached it, hitting the buttons with ease. At once, the flat, unfeeling voice of the pilot crackled on the line. “Currently dropping out of light speed, Sir. Approaching destination.” “Inform ground control of our arrival,” Finn ordered, his voice controlled, even as his expression filled with anxiety. “We will be in the cockpit for the final approach.” “Sir.” The connection dropped, leaving them both staring silently at each other. At last, Finn walked to the adjacent room, bringing a dark helmet back with him and grabbing the one resting next to the chair as he walked. “Whatever happens,” he said, giving her the helmet. “We stay together.” “We stay together,” she repeated. A promise. And they both pulled the protections over their heads, disappearing under their dark countenances, stepping into the skins of monsters. Chapter 16 : The Jedi Master The Jedi Master Something is wrong. Something must have gone wrong. Alone, his greying hair battered by the same wind that punished one of Ach-Too’s high cliffs, Luke Skywalker scanned the horizon, blue eyes going over an even bluer sky as night set over the remote part of the galaxy he called home and the distant stars appeared, shinning their light over one that had once answered their calling and somehow managed to meet their demands. Today, however, like all days since his life and those of the people he held dearest to him had turned into a living hell, the skies offered him neither comfort nor the rush of enthusiasm they had once filled him with. Instead, looking up, Luke felt nothing but a terrible sense of foreboding and a gut wrenching worry at the long absence and continuous silence of the young woman his sister – and, in a completely unintentional away, his nephew – had sent his way. Where are you, Rey? The wind picked up around him, whipping his robes furiously as Luke kept straining his eyes in hopes of seeing the Falcon approaching the island. It was an exercise as pointless as his presence on the cliff, but it gave him a purpose that couldn’t be achieved by simply staying inside at his hut channeling the Force and waiting to feel the girl’s presence. Even if it accomplished exactly the same thing—nothing— standing there felt like doing something. And exactly when did I start calling this ‘doing something?’ Frustration rose from somewhere in his chest, breaking through his usually calm countenance and making him look around, eyes alit with the same fire that had guided him in his youth and that, for a moment, made him look exactly like the young man that had stared at the skies of Tatooine wishing more than anything he could leave them behind. Then, as suddenly as it had awakened, the fire went out, leaving Luke staring blindly at the darkness that surrounded him, his expression growing more and more conflicted as time passed. If any of his old Jedi Masters could see him now, they would be, if not screaming his ears off, probably making him wish that they would. Even so, he wished more than anything that one of them would appear and help him sort out his thoughts. At this point, he really didn’t care if he got Ben Kenobi’s endless sarcasm, Master Yoda’s brutal honesty, or Anakin Skywalker’s action packed, overly agressive solutions for everything as long as one, or even all three of them, would appear to counsel him. Not that that was about to happen, and he wouldn’t give himself false hope that it would. It had been years, too many years, since the last time he had seen any of them. Sometimes, deep in meditation, he thought he could hear them. Being on Ach-Too, surrounded by the Force, had assured him that he in fact could, that they were there, somewhere in the Force, only distant and out of reach. “Did I disappoint the three of you that much?” Luke asked the night, his voice carried away by the wind until nothing was left of it. “Did I fail you like I did everyone else?” No response. His thoughts going back to Rey, Luke focused his attention on the stars, his mind searching the Force for her distinctive presence, but not daring to go so far as making his presence known to any Force sensitive who might be listening. Ach-Too was far too valuable and too vulnerable to risk, and even if in the back of his mind the young man that had left Master Yoda’s Jedi training to protect his friends was rebelling against his older self's lack of action, Luke did nothing but ignore that part of himself, focusing on the present, his mind pulled in all possible directions by his duty as a Jedi. Come on, Rey. Come back. Both the skies and the Force remained empty. His eyes finally dropping to the sea, and Luke took a step back, still ignoring the increasingly loud voice inside of him that was screaming at him to do something, and turned his back to the horizon. Things weren’t as easy as part of him wanted to believe. They had never been, not now, not when he had lost Ben, not when he had risked everything he was and valued to bring Darth Vader back to the light, not when he had abandoned his training, not when he had left Tatooine. Even the decisions that he had made in a flash and the ones he knew to be right had come with the unforgiving weight of regret. He was, he knew, blessed in way most people weren’t. He had always held his choices in his hands, most of the time being able to make them or lucky enough that the people who had taken them away from him cared about him more than about themselves. Even so, even if the mistakes and the missed opportunities were his and only his – or maybe because of that – he found himself struggling, clinging to his duties and the things he held dear as he looked at the path ahead, waiting for the moment he would have to give up on one or both of them, and praying that it wouldn’t came. Only, it always did, and at this moment, alone within the darkness, Luke felt that, once again, he had come to a fork in the road and that he was standing there face to face with a choice he knew he would have to make, still hoping that something would happen and he wouldn’t have to take either path, that he would be spared that pain. Please, Rey. You have to come back. The wind was howling around him, seemingly trying to throw him off the cliff as he made his way down, the small, empty huts parading around him as he did so. Truth be told, he didn’t know Rey all that well. Much like him, the girl was quiet. The most he had heard of her voice being was when she tenaciously kept begging him, day after day, to train her. Even so, Luke believed he had observed enough of her to be sure about something: whatever happened, she would always return.The only other time he had seen her disappear, that had held true. This time, however, he feared it wouldn’t, and, for the life of him, he couldn’t think of any reason that didn’t involve a set of circumstances that spelled disaster for the galaxy as a whole. I ordered her to come back. I begged her. Why else…? “It’s called a choice. Last time I recalled that was something you agreed people should have." Luke almost jumped out of his skin at hearing both those words and the voice that had spoken them. Turning – that ever present pessimism he had acquired as he grew older proving once again right – Luke faced the place the voice had arisen from, watching as everything around him changed, small empty huts turning into walls, grass disappearing under cold, hard floor, silence fading into unmistakable city noises and mechanical hums. Feeling like he was a mere ghost, completely deprived of any of the sensory feeling that kept him connected to Ach-Too and to his physical body – and hoping beyond hope that the floating sensation he felt didn’t mean he was making his way down the cliff head first because the Force or Ach-Too, or both, had decided to pull him into his memories at the worst possible time – Luke found himself looking around. He had no clear memory of the place where he now stood. It was a small shop, respectable in its appearance, and judging by the tools and components carefully displayed on the walls and ship parts scattered on the counter, somewhere he had gone for repairs to his ship. Nothing strange about that. He had stepped into dozens if not hundreds of those during his life. There was nothing special here, absolutely nothing worth mentioning. “Are you even listening?!” the same voice that had pulled him there snapped, turning Luke’s attention towards a tall young man that was standing, half hidden, in a dark corner, brown eyes following him while he walked around the shop. It took Luke less than a second to recognize him. “Uncle Luke!” “I’m listening,” Luke heard himself saying, curtly, his attention going now to a huge side section of a motor. “And we will talk, Ben, when you have calmed down.” “And when will that be?! When it becomes inconsequential? When it no longer matters?” his nephew retorted, eyes gleaming in an almost feverish way. “I need you to listen to me now , not when and where you deem me worthy of your time!” It felt like being stabbed. That conversation – if one could go as far as call it that – and what at the time he had seen as his nephew’s angry accusations, were something he remembered well. He knew both where and when that moment stood in his life. It was one of the many memories, the many mistakes, that the Force liked to remind him of and of which he wasn’t at all proud. “I will not discuss with you while you're in that mood, Ben,” he retorted, turning away from the motor to stare at the shadows where his nephew had taken refuge. “I wish to discuss the reasons for this… sudden decision of yours with you, not your anger.” “I can’t stay there. I…” Ben fell silent, head turning towards what looked like a service door. The minute he did so, a third man, one Luke hadn’t acknowledged as being of any importance until now, stepped away from behind the counter, joining Luke next to the motor with a strange expression on his face. Whatever he had wished to say, however, was kept silent as the door opened and a small, chubby alien pulling a trolley joined them. “I believe I have a part that answers your needs,” he announced. “ Please come closer. ” Exchanging a long, meaningful look, both Luke Skywalker and the third man – Lor San Tekka, he now recognized – stepped towards the trolley. “This is not what we asked,” Tekka pointed out, his normally benevolent expression and quick, mocking smile absent. “It is true it’s an older model, but I believe it will do the job.” Frowning, Luke crouched next to the equipment, inspecting the wiring and power connection with less than his usual enthusiasm. “This thing is falling apart,” he pointed, looking up at the owner who remained impassive. “We sell second hand components. I can guarantee it will take you to—” “The next shop you own?” Tekka finished for him, stepping aside so that Ben, whose curiosity had made him step out of the shadows, could take his place at his side. “Or possibly our graves, judging by the overall state of the thing.” “It is a somewhat moody model, Sir, but—” “For moodiness he already has me,” Ben murmured, his dry comment making Tekka’s expression go completely blank in what Luke knew to be an effort to remain serious. “Is this a joke?” The owner looked up, small eyes getting even smaller as he studied this new arrival, clearly unimpressed by both his youth and a worrying state of dishevelment Luke knew to be completely unlike his nephew. In fact, for someone who was always so careful with his appearance, Ben looked an absolute disaster: hair unkempt, beard unshaven, dark rings under his eyes. Even the clothes, a black pilot’s suit, weren’t something he would be caught wearing. It was as if something had happened that had sent him running for a spaceship without even caring what state he presented himself in on arrival. But if his appearance worried Luke, the only effect it had on the small alien was to dismiss him even more quickly than he normally would. “This is all I have. If you don’t—” It was mistake nobody made twice. In a moment, the dark eyes had risen and that gaze, that something behind Ben’s eyes that was equally as alluring as it was terrifying, found its target, captured him and saw. “May I suggest looking in the basement?” he asked, as the owner rapidly got his eyes away from his, mouth agape. Ben kept going, ruthlessly. “Second shelf, right next to the carburetors. You might be, let’s say, ‘surprised’.” “I’m sorry, but—” “Do what the boy says. We both know he is speaking the truth,” Tekka ordered, somehow managing to look menacing as he did so. The minute they were once again alone, however, he bent over laughing. “That… By the Force, that was…” Tekka raised his hand, clearly aiming to ruffle Ben’s hair – something Luke now remembered, he had been, much to his nephew annoyance, in the habit of doing – only to stop and take a long hard look at him. “Are you alright?” “I’m fine,” Ben snarled, his voice sounding so strange that the lie it held became obvious. “I can’t stay there.” he insisted, facing Luke again. “I…” Luke frowned, studying his nephew’s face, concern becoming more and more apparent the longer he did so. “Is this decision of yours to do with the conscription?” Luke asked, testing his ground. “I’m aware of your position and…” “My position?” Ben repeated, something dark settling in his expression, his voice suddenly calm. “You are concerned about my position?” “Ben, we have discussed this before.” “I’m not the one discussing it now,” his nephew retorted, even as his expression went darker. “I can’t stay there. If you don’t trust me enough to release me, then send me somewhere. Put me in some cave hunting for kyber crystals for all I care. Just don’t make me go back.” Shaking his head in confusion, Luke grabbed his nephew’s shoulder, squeezing it hard as he did so. “Look, Ben, I don’t know the reason behind this decision of yours to leave us, but—look at me—I need someone I can depend on keeping an eye on the Academy. I need someone who can defend the place if something happens. That person is you. I need you there.” “Then please come back, with me, right now.” Luke hesitated, a conflicted expression taking hold of his face as he took a quick look towards Tekka’s neutral expression and then to Ben’s pleading one, only to end up shaking his head. “I swear it won’t take much longer for my work to be finished,” he said. “After that, I will return, and if you still wish to leave, I will give you the freedom you need to hunt for… What is it that interests you? The Imperial Library? The Jedi Archives?” That made something break in Ben’s expression, a timid smile finding its way to his face. “Believe me, I will be making you travel so much, you are going to wish you were with us, but for now, Ben, indulge me one last time. I need you there. Please.” He could see his nephew’s resolution swaying, then, finally, breaking. “If that is what you want,” he whispered, his voice regaining its strength as he took a quick look towards the door the shop owner had disappeared through. “You know, of course, that guy is going to have you mugged the minute you step out of here.” “I didn’t,” Luke sighed, far too conscious of his nephew’s attempt at escape to simply let him leave it at that. “Whatever is worrying you, Ben, we will work it out. I promise.” The memory crumbled, words echoing through the Force as Ben’s ship rose into the sky, disappearing into a blood red sky and someone else, Rey, her face as resolute as her eyes, appeared at his side. “You have to go back,” she said, visibly out of breath as they climbed up one of Ach-Too step cliffs. “General Organa, the Resistance, they all need you.” “I will not be going back.” “But you must. The galaxy—you haven’t seen what it has become!” “I have seen more than you know. It doesn’t change my decision.” “People are dying! The First Order is gaining ground and General Organa told me that the Republic was destroyed,” she insisted. “Finn – he is my friend – can tell you more about that than me. He was a stormtrooper, he really knows about these things. We need you.” “I understand your reasoning, but—” “If you do then please come back, with me, right now.” The words, that same plea in a different voice, froze him to his core. Without thinking, Luke raised his attention towards the sky, to the place where Ben’s ship was disappearing, only to find that the Falcon had taken in its place, that Rey too was gone. “No…” The memory crumbled again the instant he understood what he was truly being shown, Ach-Too’s huts coming into focus as cold wind battered his face and a known presence – only so distant, so weak, that for a second Luke doubted he was truly feeling it – gave voice to his realization. "Lost one you have. Lose the second you must?" It felt like being electrocuted. The next thing he knew, he was running down the cliff, a distant promise echoing in his mind until it was the only thing he could hear. Whatever is worrying you, Ben, we will work it out. His last words. That had been the last thing he had said to Ben, and it had been a lie. He should have guessed; he should have felt the disaster coming; he should have paid more attention not only then, but over the years, and done something. Instead I was blind. And, because of that, within less than a week of those words being spoken, his Academy would lay in ruins, Kylo Ren rising from both its ashes and those of a young man that had came to him begging to be spared. He had failed Ben. He had failed Leia and Han. He had failed everyone who had ever trusted him. Luke Skywalker, the Resistance Hero, the Legend, the last Jedi Knight, was no longer the boy who saved everyone and that found everything he touched turning to gold. He was the one who had watered the seeds Snooke himself had sowed and remained blind to their corruption. He was the one who had set everyone he cared about on the path of destruction and failed to see where it was heading. He had thought Ach-Too to be the path the Force had given him to make amends for his failures, to make things right, but… What good will that do if I can’t save one single person? He had lost everything already. His Academy was nothing more than rubble, Tekka was dead, Ben lost to the dark side, and Han had given his life trying and failing to bring him back. That didn’t have to mean that he would have to fail Rey too. He wasn’t about to make the same mistake twice. Chapter 17 : The Stormtrooper The Stormtrooper Of all the possible scenarios Finn had been running in his mind since their departure, the one currently greeting them wasn’t, in the slightest, the reception he had been anticipating. Finn had to admit he had no idea how the Knights were supposed to be greeted. His contact with them during his time in the Order was limited to Kylo Ren and that interaction had been close to non-existent. Ren's arrival on the Finalizer had been so discrete that it was only when he had hit the ground in Jakku that most personnel became aware of his presence. That, however, had done nothing to shake the bad feeling Finn had about the way their arrival would be greeted. He put the way Ren’s comings and goings were kept silent down to the man’s personality, not protocol, and as certain as he was that neither Hux nor Phasma would indulge in something akin to pompous formal receptions, Finn certainly could conjure up images of some local Governor trying to impress important guests with a demonstration of how well things were going in his sector. My most optimistic guess was being forced to look at a military parade… His mental worse case scenario, courtesy of a very pessimistic part of himself, was to simply be betrayed, arrested and put in front of a firing squad while Rey was taken by the Knights and Ren to be presented to Supre—to Snooke. But this… The driver hit the brakes hard, making the stormtroopers that had been sent to escort he and Rey, sway in their positions, as the ground transport’s door opened. Reminding himself not to run after the soldiers, Finn strolled as indifferently as he possibly could out of the vehicle, forcing the group to keep pace with him instead of the opposite, as he accessed his surroundings. Hidden under the black helmet, his expression grew tenser and tenser. Truth be told, a military parade would have been a preferable reception to the one currently greeting them. Not an hour ago, some brilliant boneheads with a death wish – probably some group of freedom fighters Finn would have sympathized with was the situation different – had decided to open fire against the black command shuttle they had been traveling in. With cannon fire raining around them, and trails of grey smoke from various ammunitions dancing around the shuttle and hitting the large defensive wings, ground control had ordered their landing diverted to the opposite side of the city – not that that had done much to spare them from the ground fire or Rey’s insistence with the pilot that she could land the shuttle right in the middle of it. Thank the Force she didn’t. It was not as if he doubted Rey could do exactly that. He was, in fact, quite certain she could land anything anywhere, but his level of comfort with flying had already been close to zero after being shot down by the Finalizer and it had dropped well lower than that after Han Solo’s crazy antics with planetary approach at lightspeed. If there was something he really didn’t want to experience, it was landing in the middle of anti-aircraft fire when there was no need for it. Fortunately, the pilot – who seemed to have snapped out of whatever Force ability was gripping him – was of the same opinion. They had followed ground instructions, landed, and been immediately picked up by the same military ground transport that had just now dropped them right in the middle of what looked disturbingly like a stabilization operation. Or it would, if there were more soldiers. Finn’s hands closed around the blaster-like weapon – one he suspected was some cross between a sniper’s rifle and a blaster – his rapid evaluation of the resources the Order was employing only increasing his certainty that something wasn’t right. His experience with the Order didn’t go passed the attack and subsequent purification in Jakku, but Phasma’s training did cover all the potential missions soldiers might be involved with. Stabilization, the last stage of a conquest, involved destroying all the remaining pockets of fighters and taking control of all government and military facilities that might have escaped the main stage of operations. It could extend to evacuating the civilian population and searching their homes for weapons, closing sewers and underground facilities, arresting prominent members of the society and, basically, getting rid of everything and anyone who could be used for subversive purposes. It was a slow and time-consuming procedure that was normally handled by the appointed Governor and required the use of complete platoons, not… Three guys guarding a building’s entrance, the seven man squad that is escorting us, and… Judging by the sounds of blaster fire coming from inside of the low white building they were rapidly approaching, not that many more soldiers. It was strange. It made close to no sense, and even less than that after seeing the red banners he knew so well flying everywhere in the city. On the whole, the place looked both like it had been under the Order’s rule for quite some time - months, perhaps years - and at the same time… Like they arrived yesterday. He didn’t like it. The Finalizer ’s absence and that of any Star Destroyer class cruiser made it clear the city wasn’t a recent Order acquisition, and the presence of a great number of construction plants in the planet’s vicinity emphasized just that. It really shouldn’t matter to him what was happening, but even with his relief at the fact that the Knights reception was exactly the same as any other First Order’s operative – being thrown to battle upon arrival – he was worried. Extremely worried. And I’m not the only one. Walking by his side, her shoulders set in a line so tense they seemed to have been carved out of stone, Rey was too. “Who talks?” she asked leaning discretely in his direction, her warm, strong voice transformed into a low, cavernous whisper that made a shiver of discomfort run up Finn’s spine. “One of us has to talk.” “I know the procedures,” Finn reminded her, his distorted voice, something that didn’t sound at all human, making Rey’s covered face snap in his direction as if to confirm he had been the one talking. “I will take care of this.” He wished he felt as confident as his newly acquired set of vocal cords made him sound. For every step he took in the direction of the insubstantial barricade near the building’s entrance, he felt his courage tested, and the moment the stormtrooper escort took them passed it, leading them inside the low, white building, fear gripped him, forcing him to grapple with it as they navigated the long white corridors and elegant halls. The blaster fire they had heard coming from the inside was becoming louder and louder. I can do this , Finn repeated to himself as they entered a lift and it dove so rapidly he no longer knew if the pressure in his stomach was from fear or the sudden plunge. I can do this. He could have been saying he couldn’t do it for all the good that chant was achieving. He felt panicky, scared to his core… This won’t do. Even inside his head his voice sounded wrong. This won’t do at all! “Is he waiting for us?” he blurted out in the general direction of Rey’s ear, careful so that the group surrounding them didn’t listen to his words. “Can you sense his presence or something?” “He’s somewhere in the building,” Rey shook her head, her eyes invisible under the long visor. “I have no idea where.” The lift stopped, opening its doors to let both him and Rey step outside and join a small group of stormtroopers, their blasters at the ready and their white armors so polished that for a moment they were almost indistinguishable from the walls. Looking at them, finally forced to face them, Finn found his voice. “Status report,” he ordered, both he and Rey stopping side by side as the commanding officer, transporting a battered blaster and a red armguard, approached them. “The building is surrounded, Sir,” the soldier, a woman, informed him as she stopped in front of them and saluted. “We have blocked all the exits. Hostiles were detected moving through the building’s inferior levels.” Hostiles? The designation surprised Finn. In his experience, the First Order was much more descriptive about their enemies than that. It spoke of the Resistance, the Republic, criminals, but ‘hostiles?' “Have we engaged them?” “Positive, Sir. There are reports of confrontations on three fronts.” “Is Ren inside?” The soldier made a slight gesture with her head. “He is, Sir.” “Orders?” he asked, too quickly and with too much anxiety. Be it the helmet or simple indifference, however, nobody seemed to notice it. “Capture the enemy and take them to the Commander,” she informed him. “Kill only if we have no choice.” Finn felt his stomach drop. These hostiles—he wants to question them. In a flash, Finn’s mind had gone to Poe and his absolute resignation with his fate after being subjected to Ren’s particular method of ‘interrogation.' A wave of profound pity rose within him as he tried to imagine what Ren wished to possess or know this time that had granted someone his attention in such an unfortunate way. I don’t know which is worse—stabilization operations or this. Finn came to the horrible conclusion that even if Ren didn’t wish the slightest trace of them near him for the questioning – if he remembered correctly, Ren had unceremoniously thrown everyone out when dealing with Poe, not that Hux had gone that far away – they were expected to assist him with the hunt. I would certainly expect that if I were in her place , he thought, studying the commanding officer in front of them. A lifetime wearing those same protections had given him a very good notion of what the people under them were thinking and, if body language were any indicator, she was clearly expecting only one reply. Rey would hate what came next. He would even more, all things considered, but they had no choice. We agreed to this. “You will take us to him.” And with a little luck we won’t get involved in any fighting. They weren’t five meters past the blaster door when 'luck' decided it wouldn’t favor them in the slightest and 'fighting' exploded all around them. Diving for cover as something flew past them and exploded against the wall, Finn just wanted to curse. “Why the hell is there always someone shooting at us?!” he snapped, blaster fire flying everywhere as the corridor filled with dense, grey smoke. Somewhere to their right, the stormtroopers had begun firing, the distinctive voice of the commanding officer shouting orders amongst the chaos. “Are you alright?” Rey, what little he could see of her anyway, nodded her answer, the pistol she had kept with her flying to her hands only for her to stop midway into firing position as if she had just remembered exactly who they were fighting and which side they were supposed to be on right now. “I hate this,” she murmured in a tone so exasperated that Finn was sure he would have recognized her even if he hadn’t known who was under the black mask. “I won’t fight for them.” At some point, we will probably have to do that , Finn thought. ‘At some point,’ however, didn’t have to mean now or today or anytime soon. “Let them deal with it.” It was easier said than done. As the battle became more and more violent, reinforcements thickening their attackers lines, explosions echoing all around them and blaster fire flying everywhere, it rapidly became clear that ‘at some point’ was actually right then. Rey was the first to strike out, her hands flying to her staff as a huge man carrying a blaster appeared right at their side. Her aim was, as ever, perfect. The staff twirled, hitting their attacker square in the jaw, then arched in a large, sweeping movement that struck down a second figure barreling down on Finn. The next moment, he was the one forced to put his rifle’s butt into an attackers ribs. Only when he was about to remove the safety from the blaster did he remembered that they weren’t supposed to kill anyone. Because that is so freaking simple! More and more fighters were coming into view, some of them getting so close that the whole situation seemed about to break either into a fist fight or call for the use of bayonets. Dodging another attacker so that Rey could knock away their blaster – something that ended with him having to punch their attacker to put him out of commission – Finn was rather sure everybody was going with the second option, and that wasn’t good news. This is going to turn into a blood bath! Rey circled around him, staff raised parallel to her arm. “We should retreat!” she shouted at him, twirling her weapon in a low, wide ark that hit someone right in the knees. “This is absolute madness!” Welcome to the First Order! Finn wanted to shout back, but instead ended up tugging her in the direction he knew the stormtroopers were, while shouting: “We have to keep them alive!” Rey kicked someone in the chest sending him – or her – crashing into the ground. “There’s no winning this!” The staff struck again, sending the same attacker she had just kicked back to the ground before he could get up. “We are outnumbered!” This coming from the person who tried to escape from a First Order base alone , Finn thought, once again sending his rifle’s butt crashing into an incoming hostile. I would have been better off with a bloody hammer! He was missing wielding Skywalker’s lightsaber all of the sudden. As much as that was not his field, it was much more useful in the present situation than a rifle. “There has to be an end to this!” “When you see it, let me know!” Rey retorted. In another situation, Finn would have laughed at that; at that moment, however, he was far too busy trying not to die to even crack a smile. He had been trained for situations like this; strategy and survival tactics had been hammered into his mind until they became second nature. The odds they were facing on this occasion, however, were a lot worse than the ones he been trained for or found while fighting alongside the Resistance. Like Rey had said, they were outnumbered, and far more worrying than that was the fact that their present allies’ numbers were far less than what was normally required for a successful operation. He was sure a well organized squad could have tipped the scales while fighting a much larger enemy than the one they were facing and not even call it a challenge, but the squad that was with them was far too small and obviously missing several soldiers. This, added to the state the city was in and the fact that Kylo Ren – a man that operated out of the chain of command – was the one presently in charge made that bad feeling of his get even worse. It made no sense. He admitted he had very little from which to judge Ren’s military prowess as Jakku and that extremely well thought out attack on the Resistance’s last base had clearly been Hux’s handiwork and the General, as much as he was lacking in the humanity department, was a brilliant strategist. Ren though—he wasn’t sure what Ren was apart from a bloodthirsty murderer. Takodana’s assault had been standard procedure, the kind of thing every platoon would be able to do on its own and without any officer around. It had no personal touch apart from the rather hasty departure once Rey had been captured. Even so, one thing was certain, standard procedure or not, the man that hadn’t spared resources at Takodana would be sparing them here. There was something very wrong going on and what it spelled for him and Rey worried him greatly. Stormtroopers might be seen as little more than tools – dispensable tools at that – but they were essential to the Order’s war machine. The moment they were absent was the moment things started to fall apart and, judging by what he was seeing, things were going downhill. Fast. Shouldn’t that please me? Shouldn’t the fact that the Order was having its just deserts make him, if not happy, at least feel slightly vindicated? Why doesn’t it? Diving under the blaster fire, his mind managing to somehow recall Starkiller’s destruction while he did so, Finn finally managed to crouch next to the stormtrooper squad, Rey diving to his side a second later. “Have you called for reinforcements?” he shouted over the noise. “The squads that haven’t reached rendezvous are involved in confrontations, Sir. Our distress call has been acknowledged, but—” “Better tell them to start running!” Rey snapped, striking a blaster away from one of the fighters both of them had left unconscious on the floor. “Unless they wish to rescue our corpses!” Another wave of grey smoke made its way towards them, obscuring the hall to the point Finn couldn’t see anything beyond vague shapes. Just what we… He didn’t have time to finish that thought or do anything else. A massive explosion rocked the hall, sending him flying against a flight of stairs. His training kicking in fast enough for him to feel around and grab his weapon, Finn stood up, ears ringing, and looked around as debris rained over him, searching the dense smoke for… “Rey? REY!” He remembered a moment too late he shouldn’t be calling her by name—not that he knew what the hell he should be calling her by—that, however, became irrelevant in a second. He could see her, a figure all dressed in black coming rapidly his way. Still disoriented after being thrown across the room, Finn only understood she was shouting a warning the moment someone grabbed him, pulled him backwards, and threw him behind… Riot shields. He realized just in time to stop himself from punching the Riot Control stormtrooper that was trying to drag him to safety square in the face and probably being fed a Z6 baton to the gut in retaliation. Would they do that to a Knight? A question that was becoming dangerously close to being answered since Rey, probably blinded by smoke, was already upon them, swinging her staff as, at his side, the stormtrooper raised his baton to intercept the attack. It was a disaster in the making—a nightmare—and above all one he couldn’t stop unless he threw Rey down and made everything look, if not worse, then suspicious as hell. Not to say the topic of conversation from here to headquarters. And they couldn’t risk that, not when canteen gossip had a way of finding officers' ears and spreading like wildfire up the chain of command, not when it would reach Phasma, who would inform Hux, who would start inquiring after them, discover something was off… And have us executed. Even so, he had to do something, anything to stop what was about to happen. Finn opened his mouth to shout for her to stop and found his words dying before being spoken. Someone had stepped in front of Rey, intercepting her staff with a strange, cross-shaped thing he took a moment too long to recognize as the hilt of Ren’s unlit saber. That he didn’t recognize it instantly was probably a testament to the explosion’s violence; fortunately, it hadn’t rattled him enough for his body not to recognize a threat when he saw one. In less than a second, Finn had risen from behind the shield, his eyes looking directly at the black visor as the riot control troops ran passed them, diving into battle. “Collect any survivors,” Ren ordered the soldier rising next to Finn as he too disappeared into the fog. His attention then turned to Rey. In the moment he did so, he seemed to freeze. “Sir.” The moment broke, forcing Ren’s attention away from Rey and towards an officer now appearing through the fog. “The Governor requests your presence,” a Sergeant announced. “He says it’s urgent.” “He can wait five minutes.” “Sir, there has been a problem.” Ren released Rey’s staff, turning towards the officer with his normal brusqueness. “What problem ?” Chapter 18 : The Scavenger Notes: This story is now being beta-ed. Big thank you to DancingDisaster :) The Scavenger Rey knew this place. She had been here once, alone in the dark industrial corridors where she now stood, the humming of the pale blueish lights, the distant sounds of machinery, and a forced, pained breathing that now was nowhere to be found, echoing all around her. It was her vision come to life. Of all the things she had seen in that first vision on Takodona, of all the things that had been forcibly burned into her mind, this was the only part she had consciously clung to, for it had been also the place where she had stood when she had seen a familiar face—that of a boy she had dreamed of since childhood. His had been the only company and source of comfort she had had during her lonely and harsh childhood on Jakku. As the years went by and she grew older, he had all but disappeared from her dreams, leaving her even lonelier than she had already been. Rey had eventually dismissed him as her younger self's desire for a friend, his obvious loneliness a reflection of her own, and the fact that he always acknowledged her, smiled at her, was no more than her desperate desire to be seen, to be something more than a scavenger. Yet, even as she dismissed him as a figment of her imagination, Rey had clung to his image—to the boy who, even if imaginary, had been the closest thing she had to a friend—and she had held onto his image harder still when her dreams of him were replaced with dreams of a dark, masked figure she would later come to know as Kylo Ren. As horrifying as it had been to see Kylo Ren jump right out of her nightmares and the rest of her vision like a terrible premonition of things to come, once she had time to think about it, it had also given her hope. The boy from her dreams had been there, in her vision, standing alongside a dark shadow, looking at her as if pleading for help. If Kylo Ren was real, if Luke Skywalker and the dark figure of Darth Vader were all real, then he had to be too. She had hoped in the instant she had recognized these corridors – a fool's hope really, since things never went in the exact way her visions showed her – that he would be here now, waiting for her, and that something good might come out of her and Finn’s presence in this city, that he was the reason they both were here. She had hoped so, so much, and instead found herself walking alongside a line of bodies, stopping every few steps so that Ren could crouch next to one of them and search their minds. For some strange reason, she was able to sense every time his careful probing tried to latch onto their minds, and instead fell into what felt like an endless void. It was a horrible sensation—nauseating—and even if her experience with stepping into other people’s minds started with latching onto Ren’s fear and bursting inside his head, and ended some minutes later with deceiving a stormtrooper, she was rather sure that no living mind was supposed to feel like that, all empty and wrong. It made her wish she could occupy her thoughts with something else, but unless she kept going on and on about the boy in her vision there was little else with which to do so. The room they were now in was situated deep inside the floating city – Finn had called it Cloud City when he had first set eyes on it – so much so, in fact, that they had been navigating not only service corridors, but also underground waterways to get there. Covered in darkness, oppressively hot, the room had just one point of interest: a large, circular window of clearly elegant design, one that seemed to say that at some point that place had had a rather different use. She had – she was almost ashamed to admit it – pictured a family living there, not that that fantasy held for long. First, because the window lead to nowhere – well, to a massive hole, but that was beside the point – and second because of the bodies. She had seen worse, far worse on Jakku, for them to affect her, but they were Resistance fighters and they had chosen death rather than falling into the Order’s hands. If that didn’t speak for itself… A chill went up her spine, making it impossible to keep up that line of thought. Her attention went towards the place where Ren was now crouched, one hand hovering over the head of a freckled man lying on the floor. Her fists clenched as, once again, she felt herself pulled towards the body, her mind getting closer to where that of the fighter's should have been. Ren’s mental tendrils twisted around it, trying to find an entrance, and then dove, falling into an endless empty pit as he searched, looking, scrapping at nothing, and while he did so, she was pulled along, diving further and further into darkness, into absolute nothingness. She couldn’t get away. She wasn’t one to scare easily, and yet there was something in the back of her mind screaming at her to get out of there, to climb out of the pitch, to… Stop it! Ren’s fingers jolted back as if he had heard her, the probe collapsing as he pulled back and stood, attention going from the corpses to the small row of prisoners aligned in front of the window. Being reminded of their presence did nothing to improve Rey’s mood. Those were the survivors of the Resistance group she and Finn had been fighting. That they had been captured – and left unconscious by various methods the minute Ren had heard of the nature of his “problem” – was their responsibility. They had helped. They had fought them. The very thing she hadn’t had any wish to do was the first thing she did—help the Order. Help him. Something good might still come out of this , Rey reminded herself, trying to focus on something positive, going back to the boy in her vision and the fact that she had seen him there. He might still be here. We can still help him. The more she thought of it, the more sense it made. Why else would things be arranged in such a way as to lead them here? For what other reason would she have seen him in those corridors? “Take them,” Ren ordered, his distorted voice breaking through her thoughts. His command made both a small group of stormtroopers and an elegantly dressed, dark skinned elder approach. “Poison?” he asked, stepping into the space opened by the removal of the fighters’ corpses. “It looks like it.” “My men searched them, Sir,” a stormtrooper with a red shoulder guard retorted, turning from Ren to the elder and then back to Ren with clear discomfort. “Every weapon they had, anything they transported that could be used to inflict injury, was taken away from them.” “Clearly not everything,” the elder pointed out, his expression turning undeniably cocky as the Sergeant’s discomfort gave way to annoyance and he turned to face him, fingers drumming menacingly on the blaster. “Not that I want to deny the merit of the Sergeant’s ‘they dropped dead at the same time without any reason whatsoever’ hypothesis. I, too, was in need of new nightmares.” Someone snorted. It took her about two seconds to recognize that someone was Finn and put an elbow to his ribs to stop him from bursting out laughing from what she knew to be tension. Not that it accomplished anything, as fast as Finn was to react, the elder was faster, dark, shrewd eyes setting on him, studying the distorted features of Finn’s helmet with a closed expression. Try as she might, Rey didn’t know what to make of him. Her first reaction had been hostility, the First Order arm-band he had on his arm only making that worse. Finn’s reaction to him, however, had left her feeling slightly curious. Excitement, enthusiasm—he was behaving in the exact same way he had when coming face to face with Han Solo. In high contrast to that, the elder’s reaction to their arrival had been less than welcoming, his face clearly reading 'not more of you' as both she and Finn had come into view. Be that as it may, his loyalties were clear. The Order. The elder, the man Ren simply called Governor and for whom she had no other name, was a First Order sympathizer, and he wasn’t making a secret of that. “Will this hinder our efforts?” he was now asking, turning his attention away from Finn and to Ren’s silent form with a serious expression. “Given what happened, it would be safer to assume they all are in possession of whatever killed this group.” Ren didn’t answer, attention so firmly set on the captives – most of them now regaining their senses and looking around in confusion – that he didn’t seem to be conscious of anything else. At last, without a word, he stepped away from both them and the Governor, approaching one of the fighters and crouching in front of him. The unconscious man was jolted wake, jerking back the instant his eyes fell on the mask in front of him. Whatever he might have done next, however, was made irrelevant. The Force grabbed both him and the rest of the captives, paralyzing them as Ren, his head tilting slightly to the right, studied him. In a moment, he had risen again. “Check his teeth.” The Force released the fighter as the stormtroopers fell on top of him, one of them wrestling the prisoner's mouth open while two others grabbed his arms, pulling his head back. It took less than a minute for them to find whatever Ren had been referring to. The closest soldier pulled something out of the rebel’s mouth, turning to hand it to Ren, who ignored it, letting it fall instead to the Governor’s hands. “Search them all.” Rey clenched her fists as, with varying degrees of brutality, the stormtroopers wrestled the prisoners’ mouths open. At her side, Finn was paying no attention to the scene unfolding in front of them, eyes set on the thing the stormtroopers had removed from the fighters’ mouth. It looked like a tooth. Only, judging by the Governor’s incredulous expression and her friend’s interest, it wasn’t. “Going old-school now?” the Governor commented, his expression growing colder as, at the end of the row, the soldiers suddenly released one of the prisoners, stepping away as a dark haired woman collapsed to the ground. “This could become a problem.” “As long as I’m able to get the information I need, whatever they choose to do is irrelevant,” Ren retorted. His reaction wasn’t at all what Rey had imagined. She had expected to get something out of him from the start, some kind of sadistic pleasure at what had just happened, or irritation at having lost one more of his prey, maybe fury towards the soldiers that had failed at following his orders. What she hadn’t expected was the resignation. That, and the fact that her expectations of Ren were proving closer to how the Governor felt. Turning her head discreetly towards the elder – something she found in less than a moment to be absolutely impossible to do since the helmets offered only two options: one either faced one’s target or one didn’t – Rey studied his expression, only getting more confused the longer she did so. There was hate there, a lot of hate. She probably wouldn’t have found that strange if it wasn’t for Finn’s excited reaction to that man, but… “Confirmed fatality,” the stormtrooper at the end of the row announced, breaking the flow of her thoughts as he stepped away from the dark haired woman’s body. “All brain activity has ceased.” “I will leave the disposal of the bodies in your hands, Governor.” “Will there be more joining them?” The cold tone in which the Governor spoke made her trade a quick look with Finn as even Ren turned to face the elder. For a moment, a strange fleeting moment, Rey was sure the three of them were thinking exactly among the same lines, all three equally taken by surprise, then Ren broke away from them, his attention back on the prisoners, his voice commanding and indifferent. “The prisoners will be at my disposal for long as is deemed necessary. They are to be kept alive and unscathed.” The Governor made a tense, almost imperceptible gesture with his head, his expression hardening. “And after you are finished?” “You have already established a preference on the manner of delivery?” “If I might be so bold as to be honest, coffins.” A muffled word – something that sounded a lot like ‘what?’ coming from Finn – and Ren’s attention turned to the elder, listening… “You’re surprisingly bloodthirsty, Governor, not to mention cooperative.” The elder looked straight back at him. “You saw our streets. You saw—” “ You! ” The shout made them all turn to the prisoners, eyes falling on a muscular man that had just been released from the soldiers grasp, his mouth actually foaming with rage. “You!” he shouted again, eyes set on the Governor. “You are working with them ! Helping them ! Betraying all we stand for! We will have your head! We will liberate this city and have your head, Calrissian! And when she arrives, she will praise us! She will see our great work and praise us! General Organa will—!” He didn’t have a chance to say anything else. The massive wave of contempt that was rising from the Governor had been eclipsed by something else—something stronger, something furious. Rey had no chance to discover what that was. The Force thundered around Ren. In an instant, it had grabbed the captive, picked him up, and thrown him against the circular window. It shattered. The difference of pressure between the small room and the hole on the other side of the window pulling him into the abyss as the rest of them fought against the wind to stay in place. “He’s insane!” Finn snapped as both of them grabbed hold of a pipe, clothes flapping in the violent wind. All around them, the soldiers were holding on to whatever they could find, some dragging the prisoners with them, most leaving them to fend for themselves. “ Insane! ” The wind calmed, stopping as Ren, who had seemingly remained undisturbed by it, turned to the rest of the captives. “Anyone else?” The question was meet with the type of tense silence only fear could command. “Take them.” He turned to face the stormtrooper's commanding officer. “Sergeant.” The soldier stepped closer, carefully, fearfully, as if he had just entered a mine field. “S-Sir?” “The preparations?” “In their final stages. There are…” He stopped and swallowed, looking over at his rapidly retreating subordinates as if waiting for some kind of support from them. He got none. “There are some doubts that we can evade anti-aircraft fire. Air assault awaits your permission to engage.” “Denied.” “Sir, the TIE squadrons—” “Are less than enough. Your troops have suffered severe personnel loss and are running on extremely low resources; I will not squander what little there is on pointless exploitations. Keep the TIE’s on the ground.” Ren turned away from them at those words, walking towards the place Calrissian was already at, looking down the giant hole outside the window from a safe distance. For a man that had clearly been caught by surprise by Ren’s sudden outburst, his words remained as bold as his personality: “Are you in the habit of defenestrating people?” “Some light persuasion.” Calrissian turned away from the broken window, a strange expression plastered on his face. “Will you be defining hard?” Ren stopped next to edge, extending his right arm over the abyss. The Force rushed to answer him, bursting upwards from inside the huge hole until the same man that had been sucked out of the room crashed into his hand, grabbing desperately at his arm, huge, terror filled eyes looking down. “Leave us,” Ren ordered. Rey clenched her fists as the four of them obeyed, eyes refusing to leave the duo as the door to the small room closed behind her. “You know the truth,” the same voice she had heard before whispered as the last fragment of the two men disappeared from her view. “You’ve seen it before.” She could hear screaming and Han Solo was reaching for a pale, expressionless face, stroking it with his last strength… and falling… falling… “You know what he is,” the soft voice whispered to her. Rey clenched her fists, anger bubbling inside her as the screaming continued. Monster. At that word, something which had been lurking, something which was twisted, grabbed hold of her disgust, breathing down her anger as it receded, disappearing all together. — A galaxy away from her, Leader Snooke opened his eyes, staring into a dead, starless sky. He smiled. Chapter 19 : The Enforcer The Enforcer “It’s getting worse,” a quiet voice whispered, soft words shaking him awake as the hand that had been combing through his hair receded. “'No, I cannot sense it myself.” The door clicked, silent footsteps going down the corridor as the blade of light, visible under the room’s door, went out, plunging the room into complete darkness. “A vision? I’m telling you it’s not like that.” He sat on his bed, eyes peering around the room to find his only escape blocked. “He told me he saw a shadow—a shadow, Luke. In his room.” It was getting closer, sliding over the carpet and toy sword left forgotten in the floor, studying him as it approached. “You—you can see me.” It was impressed, then its tone changed, turning softer, caring… “She will cast you out,” it warned, making his eyes snap to the door and his heart tighten before he was able to force himself to face the shadow again. It was close now, closer than it had ever gotten. “I’m having none of—Han would make things worse! He has no patien—Ben? Are you awake?” The shadow was over him. Its darkness was all he could see. “Come to me. You can do great things, Ren.” “Ben!” ---- “Sir!” The pilots raised their left arms as Kylo Ren walked past line after line of TIEs. Trying to clear his mind after his unexpected lapse into old memories, he raised his head and feigned interest in the waste-of-time inspection currently taking place before him, his thoughts far too consumed by a more pertinent development to fully focus his attention on anything else. Supreme Leader? The question was carried through the Force, turning ever quieter as he listened, waiting for an answer, waiting to feel that same presence that had haunted him as long as he could remember return to his side. Leader Snooke? Footsteps echoed through the metal structure, reverberating on the hive-like dock, as Kylo stopped, vaguely conscious of the lonely pilot with red marks on her helmet, the left side of her TIE’s solar panels cracked from top to bottom. “Special Forces.” “Tarkin squad, Sir. Shot on entry.” He heard himself commenting something, a pensive note in his voice, his mind still focused on the Force, still looking for an answer, still trying to feel the presence. The lack of response disturbed him. Leader Snooke had always been there. He had been present when no one else was, his presence the only constant in his life, and yet, as Kylo listened, daring to drop his shields to peer around. There was nothing, nothing but the people around him, nothing beyond their minds, their thoughts, their feelings, their… ---- “You can feel it, can’t you?” His fingers were running over a crack in the window's glass, feeling around the sharp edges as darkness set around him. “Their mistrust,” it continued, softly, as the rain fell against the window. “Their judgement, their fear—so much potential and yet they cast you aside, fearing you will rise well above your—” It stopped. It shifted, veering until it stood not around him, but at his side, looking down at him. “They haven’t told you.” It suddenly understood, and it pitied him. It pitied him. “You don’t know anything.” ---- Supreme Leader? Kylo insisted, the Force trembling under the calling and falling quiet as he again waited for an answer, for that voice, for the endless whispering to return. The only response, however, came from the past, from the dark room wherein the shadow’s features had become clearer with each passing visit. ---- “They chose lies over trusting you,” it murmured. “Do you want to know, Ren? What it is that they fear? The reason she won’t have you back? Who it is that she sees every time she looks at you?” His fingers ran over the sharp edge, pain shooting up his hand as the skin ripped open, blood dripping to the floor. He turned brusquely away, desperately, unsure if it was from the potential answers or an attempt at dispelling the shadow. As he did, everything changed, darkness turning into light, the lonely room into a vast open wilderness, and the shadow into a ghostly man with kind blue eyes, hair untouched by the howling wind. “This shadow you see—it talks to you,” he said, crouching in front of him, mind so silent it was impossible to read. The quiet disturbed him and yet it was the first respite he had ever gotten, the first peace he had ever known. “I can help you. Nobody should be inside your mind, Ben.” ---- Leader Snooke? Nothing. There was nothing. And his mind was far too open, far too vulnerable without its shields, so much so that everything around him was starting to seep through, drifting aimlessly into his mind, demanding his attention. Calrissian’s worry. FN-2187’s uneasiness. The Sergeant’s overwhelming confidence. The girl’s hostility. Her desire to kill him. Why didn't you kill me when you had the chance? For a moment, he was back at Starkiller. The planet was crumbling, the ground shaking under his feet and cold seeping through his wounds as he and the girl remained locked in battle. He could still see the surprise – not at his words, not at his offer, but at having forgotten her advantage, at having forgotten the Force – on her face. He could still see as she receded, channeling it, reached out for its help. There had been no doubts in his mind at that moment. He would either be victorious or dead. She would either accept his offer or kill him. There was no middle ground. No other path. Nothing beyond that moment, that battle, that offer. Why spare me? She had had no desire to spare him. It had been written on her face and flowing through the Force. Hatred. Fury. She had given her answer just by looking at him, just by being capable of what he was not. Why falter when you so despise me? He could still feel the saber’s impact, the burning paths it had opened on his skin. Victory or death. He thought he knew which awaited him—what was bound to be his fate. Yet, despite everything, he had no desire to accept it. He refused to give up on his life, even if there was nothing for him afterwards, even if he couldn’t see anything beyond that moment. “What is it that drives you, then?” The question snapped him back to reality, making him turn to face Calrissian, almost fearing he had been voicing his thoughts aloud. As far as Kylo could deduce, however, neither he nor Calrissian – or anyone for that matter – had spoken. In fact, judging by the way his eyebrows were settling into an increasingly hard line, the Governor’s attention was as far away from the group as it could possibly be. Is the pot truly calling the kettle black? he asked himself, mimicking the Governor’s movements and looking around the structure for whatever was causing the elder such discomfort. Unfortunately, it wasn’t something that took more than a few seconds to find. The dock they were presently at stretched over the limits of the city, perching on its side like an oversized wasp’s nest. Being that it was not the most secretive or safe placement for a military building, the infrastructure’s interior design followed a very different launching method from the one found on Star Destroyers’ hangars: TIEs being held in line on launching ramps and plumed towards the empty sky below the city upon launch. The access was made by long metal walkways and stairs suspended at each level. The design, if anything, made it even more obvious how precarious the Order’s hold on the city was. Things were, actually, desperate to the point that the Sergeant seemed to have reached a silent agreement with his subordinates that it was safer to show Kylo to the location of the late Governor's reports and strategically remove themselves from his presence than remain and potentially be subjected to his anticipated wrath. Simply put, there were no reserve troops, no vehicles, no solid ammunitions, no working supply lines—no anything, really, except a surplus of TIEs and a disturbingly high number of causalities. The remaining pilots were now assembled on the walkway he was standing on, small groups standing in front of the lines of TIEs. In all, they numbered twenty—twenty for at least four times that many vessels. He had twenty with which to build something remotely resembling an air defense and that was without considering… Calrissian grumbled, the sound breaking through Kylo’s thoughts as he leaned over the railings, looking up and down, shaking his head. “Governor, spare me the suspense. Speak.” The elder looked at him and then at the dock, pursing his lips. “Forgive my assumption, but,” he started, wiping a drop of water from his clothes. “I don’t believe the Order has enough resources to capture the anti-aircraft positions needed to ensure control over the skies and maintain this new assault against the rebel’s headquarters without seriously compromising its hold over the city. Not when this,” he made a gesture towards the pilots, “Is all the air support you have. This could be catastrophic for both your efforts and the population.” “You misread my intentions, Governor. I’m not capturing anything.” Calrissian brow furrowed, confusion taking root in both his expression and his mind. He wasn’t the only one; most everyone there, including most of the soldiers, appeared equally confused. There seemed, however, to be an exception. Someone was rapidly connecting the dots. “It’s a diversion.” FN-2187. Of all the irritating nuisances, he at least had a brain. Unfortunately, however, his words were also the cue for the Sergeant’s recent obsession with the TIEs to resurface. “With your permission, Sir,” he said, making the pilots' heads turn to him as if already guessing what he was about to go on about. “I would conduct an extensive search and present you with all pilots presently residing in this city.” Force give me strength. Or, better yet, patience. Calrissian seemed to be thinking along the same lines. He stepped away from the railings, brow now so furrowed it seemed about to rip his face in half. “That would be poorly received, no doubt,” he retorted, coldly, somehow succeeding in voicing not only Kylo’s thoughts, but what was probably both the population and the TIE pilots’ feelings all in one go. “It was hard enough for me to convince the tugs’ crews to volunteer for this endeavor. They will be risking their lives to get the General here. It would be in very poor taste to reward their sacrifice by harming their families and friends.” “We need air assault, Sir,” the Sergeant kept insisting, all the while feigning deafness. “If we can get enough TIEs in the air, we might—” “Dedicate ourselves to scrapping them off the walls?” Kylo finished, wryly. That would no doubt be memorable. “The present arrangements will do. As for your concerns, Governor, I gave you my word in relation to their families; I’m not in the habit of breaking it.” “I don’t doubt your word, only…” You do , Kylo filled in, attention disconnecting from the conversation before his temper started boiling at the lie. It was easier said than done, but, even so, focusing on his two ‘Knights’ – both of them standing as far removed and behind the rest of the group as they could – proved to be a good enough distraction for it not to get too out of hand. They had come, FN-2187 and the girl. A truly pessimistic part of him had already become convinced that they wouldn’t and started making provisions. Those same provisions were, both fortunately and unfortunately, rapidly coming undone. Even so, the situation to which they had arrived was less than ideal. Things weren’t supposed to be this bad. And I’m surprised, why? His shoulder pulsing under the strain of what, in hindsight, had been an extremely ill advised course of action, and Kylo reached out again in search of Leader Snooke, only to force himself to focus on the reason for that pain once the calling went again without answer. The rebel’s mind had gifted him with a virtual gold mine of information. As luck would have it, however, most of what he had discovered was more in line with Hux’s interests than his needs, and his present actions were more the result of patching together a group of disparate memories than anything solid. Guesswork was what anybody would call the path taken to reach his current conclusions, though experience was probably closer to the truth. Probing was about making connections and following threads. Linearity and clarity weren't to be expected from a mind nor were they what probing offered. Skill, knowledge, and experience assisted him in piecing together information, yet it was his 'gifts' that truly allowed him to excel at probes. Though it was often met with fear or dismissed as a useless mind trick by everyone but Leader Snooke, today Ren was staking his very life on the knowledge and skills he had acquired over a lifetime. It is just a question of being patient. As certain as he was of his conclusions, however, he had yet to trust anyone with what he had seen or what he was doing, and would not put it passed anyone here to be feeding information to the rebels. It was enough that he had to trust the Sergeant. Despite that, one thing was unavoidable, given the very nature of what he had to do. I will have to choose who I distrust less. That would be a fun thing to work out, and even more so when he had already chosen what, between the city and the tugs, took priority. “Sir,” a voice called from above them, rapid footsteps echoing in the dock’s metallic structure. Kylo turned to find a stormtrooper perched on top of the nearest spiral staircase. “Several hostile groups have evaded the security grid and disappeared underground. We are receiving reports of ships trying to leave the city.” Finally. He moved away from the railings, turning towards the Sergeant as he did. “Put the tugs in the air.” Calrissian expression went past incredulity. “You’re leaving?” he blurted out as the pilots started running towards the TIEs. “Now?” “Unless you wish that the General starts rebuilding civilization in his image,” Kylo retorted, his attention going around until it set on the two fake Knights. The launching lights were already turning green and there was no time. “Sergeant, you will be answering to Nephys.” At the back of the group, FN-2187 looked rapidly at the girl and then back at him, clearly realizing that he was now answering to the name Nephys, gloved hands tightening around the weapon as he did so. For someone whose mind seemed to be going into full panic mode, he kept a remarkably tight hold on himself. Even so… It’s a risk like any other. More important than that was deciding what to do with her. He frowned, Starkiller and the girl’s attempt at escape intruding on his thoughts. A ship—she had been going for a ship, and not in the desperate, unthinking way he would expect from an escapee but in a way that was focused, confident and bold. His eyes found her helmet visor, his head tilting slightly as he did so. “You are a pilot.” It wasn’t a question; even so, she took a step forward, somehow managing to sound defiant even with just two words. “I am.” It was admirable. “You will be coming with me.” Chapter 20 : The Captain The Captain Phasma had been awoken by the sound of distant footsteps, instinct making her rise and reach for her armor, even as her mind remained too confused by both lack of sleep and what felt like a few seconds rest to clearly access anything, least of all what was making her go into combat readiness. Every fiber of her body was filled with the certainty that something was wrong. Hands rapidly going over the armor’s straps and safeties, she had listened as the voices approached, trying to guess the identity of their owners not by the muffled words but by the way the footsteps echoed down the barracks. Two of them were heavy, confident and perfectly synchronized. She knew her subordinates when she heard them. The other was as discreet as it was silent. So much so, in fact, that if it wasn’t for that biting sensation telling her something wasn’t right, she might not have heard it at all. Not a soldier. It hadn’t sounded anything like a fleet officer either, but of the two remaining options that was the only one that made sense. Engineering had neither reason to enter the barracks nor to contact her, but even if the Finalizer ’s crew hadn’t either she could at least think of a certain number of circumstances in which they might not only wish to do so, but also want to avoid using the warship’s internal communication system. Suffice it to say, none of them were remotely pleasant. She had been out the door even before the group had had the opportunity to reach the corner and prove both her conclusions and sense of alarm correct. Now marching down the Finalizer ’s corridors, both the soldiers and extremely uncomfortable bridge officer – one she believed was called Mitaka – at her side, Phasma went deeper and deeper inside the warship, stopping only when she reached the perfectly camouflaged door to the security control center. Stepping inside, she ran her eyes over the many security displays, attention going from the drowsy bridge to the busy officer’s quarters and then to the almost empty corridors. It was to no avail. “How can we have lost him?” she asked, voice cold, as she turned to face the group standing behind her. Mitaka, his pale face turned greenish by the displays’ light, was absolutely livid, hands twisting the fleet’s black cap as he looked nervously around. Flanking him, a group of stormtroopers from the Finalizer ’s security stood in complete silence. They, just like any other soldier, wore the white armors and helmets for which the Order’s infantry was known. They, just like any other soldier, didn’t show any trace of individuality. They, like her, were nothing but tools. Emotion, camaraderie—tools had no need for that. Tools had no need for fear. Yet at that moment, waiting for her response, waiting to know what had happened, she felt nothing like the tool she should be. “I would advise all of you to speak. Quickly.” Trading what were clearly uncomfortable looks, the soldiers finally set their collective gaze on Mitaka. Even if she was tired to the point that she probably wouldn’t have cared if they started talking over each other as long as they answered , that wasn’t enough to miss the way the officer shivered when she too turned to him, swallowing hard as if expecting to… Be dragged across the room by an unseen force. She almost sighed, growing impatient. I’m not Ren, Lieutenant. Reminding him of that, however, would be about as useful as trying to snap him out of the sorry state of nerves he had been in since reporting the droid’s escape from Jakku had gotten him half strangled by Ren. As unfortunate as the situation had been – and falling prey to one of Ren’s outbursts of anger had been unfortunate – she had no sympathy to spare. “Speak.” Mitaka seemed closer to disappearing into the wall than doing so. “Lieutenant.” Still busy turning his hat into something absolutely unrecognizable, Mitaka finally straightened up. Had he chosen to speak any quieter than he did, however, the Finalizer ’s humming itself would have been able to drown his voice. “We have been running several tests over the last few days, Captain,” he informed her in a whisper. “There are some problems caused by our confrontation with the Resistance that can be solved without external assistance. We were set to run a behavioral check on the shields during today’s night watch. High density impact. That involves targeting a small portion of the ship and monitoring—” “Skip the details, Lieutenant.” Mitaka blushed a deep red at her reprimand. “O-Of course. My apologies, Captain. The General requested that we informed him when we were ready to start. We already had the TIE’s on standby when we contacted him.” Mitaka twisted his hat again. “He never arrived at the bridge, Captain. We can’t find him.” Phasma turned back towards the security displays, taking a long, hard look at each of the images. Once again, she turned up with nothing. This isn’t good. “Where was the General last seen?” “The bow, some thirty minutes ago.” “Do we have footage?” The fleet officer responsible for the console turned several buttons. Six of the many displays went momentarily black, filling with images of the warship’s corridors some seconds later. Her attention pointed towards the display on the left lower corner, Phasma observed as Hux appeared and disappeared out of the images, walking down a completely deserted corridor with his typical cold confidence. Frowning, she followed his every move, until suddenly, without any sort of warning, he turned a corner and… What the…? “Play that again.” The soldier obeyed, rewinding the footage again and again until, incapable of making sense of what she was seeing, Phasma ordered her to stop, staring at the empty corridor the General should have appeared in with a deep frown. “Is this the right feed?” she asked, stabbing the image with one finger. “Yes.” “Are you sure?” she insisted. The officer hesitated, her delicate features hardening as she looked up, dark almond eyes studying Phasma. “Do you wish that we confirm the source?” “Yes.” Not that it changes the facts, but even so… “Examine all of the remaining feeds. Search for duplicates.” She turned, facing Mitaka and the stormtroopers again. “Have we conducted a search of the area?” “We did, Captain,” Mitaka assured, sounding as if he was about to cry. Phasma doubted her patience would hold if he actually did. “He isn’t anywhere.” “This is the Finalizer , Lieutenant; people don’t go down some hole and drop from existence,” she retorted, voice calm and measured even if her mind was anything but. “I will take this from here.” Mitaka seemed to hesitate, looking at her and then to the security displays behind her, before, apparently, understanding what he had been ordered to do and turning to exit, still twisting the hat, his footsteps eerily silent. Phasma turned her back on him, ignoring his retreating form in favor of the displays. Even so, she could still see Mitaka. His image, now entering one of the displays, registered vaguely in her mind as he retreated. There was something strange—something wrong. There was something wrong with him. “Lieutenant.” Mitaka jumped at her calling, turning to her with a deeply confused expression. Whatever she had seen – if she had seen anything at all – was gone. There was nothing suspicious in the young officer's expression or stance, only fear, anxiety, and growing confusion. “Y-Yes, Captain?” I’m on edge. Jumping at nothing. Imagining things. Lack of sleep was clearly playing games with her mind. “Report to the bridge,” she ordered, waiting until he left the room before addressing the officer on duty again. “Was there anyone in the vicinity?” “The closest security patrol arrived from the opposite direction only seconds after the General left our cameras.” She pointed to said group now appearing in the empty corridor. “He was nowhere to be seen.” “Are all the soldiers accounted for?” “Affirmative.” “And there were no unauthorized take offs?” “The hangars remain on lockdown in accordance with the General’s orders.” He’s still inside, then. “The Knights?” “All accounted for.” She pressed the buttons, showing her all three Knights sitting in the visitor’s quarters. “Should we raise the alarm?” “No.” The response had crossed her lips even before she had time to think about it. “Keep this quiet. I don’t want to raise any unnecessary panic.” Phasma leaned over the console, examining the corridor Hux’s image kept going down with a deep frown. She could already envision his infuriated expression if she raised the alarm and his disappearance turned out to be nothing more than a glitch interfering with one of his many night time strolls. Truth be told, she could also envision his even more infuriated expression if she did and it turned out to be something. For a man that was so vocal about Ren’s lack of sense of self-preservation – out of resentment that it hadn’t gotten him killed, mind you – the General seemed to be equally lacking in that department. It was one thing to behave in the way required for someone of his station – she understood that, she did exactly the same – but overconfidence was another, completely different thing. She had learned the difference between those two the hard way. No amount of pride had been worth finding herself at FN-2187’s mercy, while immobilized by a wookie and completely unable to defend herself. No amount of pride had been worth contributing to Starkiller’s destruction or to the Order almost losing all of its three heads in one go. I begged you to be careful, General. She had done more than that, truth be told. In the aftermath of the Knight’s threats, she had reached out to the General with an elaborate plan to move his quarters to the relative safety of the barracks. If she had ever seen Hux at a complete loss for words, that would have been the instance. The request had been absolutely outrageous; it had never crossed her mind that he would accept. She hadn’t intended for him to accept, however. Far from it, she had put it forward in the hopes of making him receptive to common sense. She should have known better than that too. Hux had gone from looking horror-stricken to facing her like she had announced a mutiny. “I will not be seen walking around my own command with an armed escort, Captain.” “It’s a matter of security, Sir. Given the present situation—” “Your concern is noted. I will hear no more of this.” Overconfidence. It was overconfidence all over again. Even so she had obeyed, dropping the subject all together, all the while going behind his back and ordering security to keep a close watch on his moves. If something had happened despite her precautions, she swore she would shove him inside his quarters and blast the lock out. Her fingers closing tighter around the blaster, Phasma looked one last time over the displays, turning then to the security officer. “Raise security near the hangars. Keep me informed of any developments,” she ordered, making a signal towards the stormtroopers, who approached. “Limit the access to the bow. I want a team assembled from the on-duty patrols. Search the bow, top to bottom, including all the service corridors and evacuation paths.” “And Engineering, Captain?” “I will deal with Engineering.” It was easier said than done. Stepping inside what was known as the Finalizer ’s entrails – even if nobody called Engineering that to its dwellers’ faces – Phasma was instantly greeted with a very aggressive and not at all useful ‘No blasters here’ growl coming from a technician working on a line of large cannons suspended from the ceiling. Inquiring after the General got an equally pleasant answer. “Out.” Helpful, no doubt. It had been Ren that, having at one point set foot down here, had ended up suggesting that taking Engineering into battle would be a morale boost to the troops. “They would be glared into victory,” he had commented, his voice dripping with that kind of dry humor that from time to time broke through his façade. Being glared down by one of said technicians as she went down a narrow metal ladder, Phasma felt inclined to agree with him. Navigating the Finalizer ’s bowels was a battle all on its own. A battle not to toss someone over the railings and force some answers out of them , she thought, as yet another group announced the ‘No blaster policy’ from directly under her feet and glared at her inquiries. Going over the suspended walkways, leaning over from time to time to shout her questions at the teams that surrounded the machinery, she kept going, getting deeper and deeper inside the warship, passing under half closed doors and squeezing herself through spaces no armored stormtrooper was meant to fit through. He isn’t here , she finally concluded, attention going over what looked like a series of hydraulic pumps as yet another group glared at her. She hadn’t expected him to be. As much as Hux liked to be kept on top of things, he also maintained an extremely strict division between the different members of this crew. Fleet officers, stormtroopers, and engineering were oil and water. The General himself kept mainly to the bridge, only jumping over the frontiers when something went wrong. And lately everything is going wrong. Phasma sighed, looking around. It was a dead end. It would be better to go up and— The ground dropped from under her feet. Instinctively reaching to grab the railings, Phasma was tossed to the floor as the walkway she was standing on jerked violently from side to side. Balancing herself, she rose to her full height, looking around as the alarms started blaring, rotating lights painting the space around her in a deep, menacing scarlet. That had not been an external impact. That had felt exactly like… FN-2187's antics. She was running, sliding under closing security doors and shoving the technical personal aside as she tried to contact both security and the patrols she had redirected to the bow through her personal communicator. It was to no avail. The lines were completely silent. They didn’t even seem to be working. Phasma burst out of Engineering minutes later, grabbing the first stormtrooper she encountered by the shoulder. There was blood. There was blood all over the soldier’s armor. “Where?” “The main hangar, Captain!” She didn’t wait for him to say anything else, running in the direction everyone seemed to be running away from until… Her stomach fell. A small group of pilots was fighting to shut down a security door, a steady stream of injured soldiers, their armors broken and twisted by heat, fleeing out of the adjoining chamber as they did so. She could feel the air being forcibly sucked out as they kept going, but that wasn’t the worst. Far from it. The moment her shoulder collided with the door and she looked over to access what was happening, things became worse—a lot worse. The security door separating the hangar from the Finalizer ’s interior had clearly jammed. Kneeling next to the controls, two technicians were fighting to get it working at the same time as they fought not to be sucked into space. Beyond them, the hangar—what little she could see of it—was completely wrecked. She could see several TIEs, still connected to the security cords, flapping in the wind. “Close it!” she shouted, shoving both the last remaining soldier and her blaster inside behind her as she threw herself into the last room between the Finalizer 's interior and the hangar. Nobody discussed her command, letting the interior door snap shut behind her as she let go, sliding down the floor until she hit the opposite wall, hands grabbing at the first thing that offered her support against the vacuum of space. Muscles straining to keep her in place, Phasma looked over at the two technicians and then at the door’s circuits. The truth became clear the minute she did so. The door hadn’t jammed. Someone had blasted the hangar’s external control terminal out of existence. “The emergency controls?” she shouted, making a pair of grey eyes look up at her and focus again on the fried circuit. “On the inside, Captain,” she said. “There is no way we can get there!” Phasma strained her neck to look inside the hangar. As she did so, one of the cords keeping the TIEs inside the hangar snapped. The ship was tossed forward, colliding violently with two others, before hitting the opposite wall and breaking apart. There were pieces flying everywhere, hitting the ground, ripping out huge sections of the hangar, being sucked into space. And the alarms—the alarms were getting louder and louder. It was Starkiller. It was Starkiller all over again. No… not again. “Security line.” The two technicians looked at her like she had gone mad. Obedience, however, had been too well taught to grant any sort of discussion. In an instant, she was inside the hangar, grabbing hold of twisted pieces of metal as she fought not to be sucked out of the warship. She could feel her grasp weakening with every step she took. Tools have no need for fear , her training kept shouting at her as she went, forcing her attention away from the hangar’s entrance, from death, and towards the console a few meters away from it. It was still functional. She could see the lights blinking as she approached. Tools have only one purpose. Her feet slid under her, making her hit the ground hard. The technicians on the other end of the security line were tugging on it, trying to get her to return. She ignored them, focusing instead on the console and on the path leading to it. There were debris flying all around, fragments of ships and pieces of the Finalizer . Even so, Phasma got back to her feet, bit her lips, and released herself from the piece of metal she had been holding onto. She slid for a few meters, reaching out to grab hold of the console. She succeeded. At the precise moment she stood up, however, something hit the back of her skull throwing her against the terminal. She felt the helmet breaking, actually breaking, before it was forcibly shoved off of her head. For a moment, she couldn’t tell if she was dead or alive. She couldn’t even breathe, pain making great, white lights flash through her vision. A tool’s value is only equal to its success. She raised her arm, feeling for the console commands, vision focusing enough for her to see the pad, to insert the code, to… It stopped. She could see the hangar’s door closing, feel the unrelenting pull on her body disappearing, hear as everything that had been flying around the hangar crashed. Lowering herself to the ground, fingers trying to access the damage to her head, she heard a voice. “Captain.” A known voice. “I have your identification on site.” A voice she would have recognized anywhere. “The bridge is blind.” Only, it made no sense. “Status report.” Her head ringing and what she knew to be a steady stream of blood going down her neck, Phasma tried to raise her arm and reach for the console’s communicator. The only thing she seemed able to do, however, was remain sitting, pressing the wound on her head as she saw Mitaka approaching her quarters, his reflection on the security displays… Wrong. Wrong… “Captain.” The voice called again, urgently. Phasma reached out for the communicator. Too dizzy to make sense of whatever her mind was trying to tell her, she held instead to that voice, to its orders, to the present. “Sir.” She sounded nothing like herself, her voice tremulous and out of breath, even so she found it in herself to look around, to obey, to be what she had been trained to be and look. There were flames. Flames going up the walls. “Dispatch emergency personal. The hangar is on fire!” Chapter 21 : The Strategist The Strategist “The hangar is on fire!” The words crackled on the speakers, low and almost imperceptible. Even so, Hux could feel himself freeze at their meaning, mind going momentarily blank before it snapped back in place and he turned to face both his bridge and chaos like he had only ever seen on Starkiller. “Dispatch emergency personnel to the main hangar,” he ordered, speaking over the alarms and raised voices around him, attention focusing on the dark skinned technician crouched over an open section of the bridge wall. “Close all security doors.” The man pulled a keyboard from behind the console’s screen, fingers tapping line after line of code to the display. “Commands are unresponsive, General.” “Change to emergency protocols.” “Unresponsive, Sir.” Hux frowned, rapidly reading the lines as the technician went through the wiring, pulling out two connections and trying again to make the Finalizer ’s system react. It was to no avail. “Override order, officer identification 4WS-U19. Go into emergency lockdown.” The technician hit the commands, fingers going down the new strings appearing onscreen. “Responding, Sir. Success reported on—” The bridge lights went out, a loud explosion making both him and the technician jump backwards to avoid a tongue of fire bursting from inside the walls. All around them, officers were scrambling away, stumbling as they tried to avoid the flames. “Put that out!” Hux shouted at them, leaning towards his personal communicator at the same time the technician jumped towards the console, trying to smother the flames with his jacket. “Captain.” A pause. A long silence and then in a low voice… “Sir?” It sounded nothing like her. In fact, it sounded so little like her, that his eyes were running over the identification number at the hangar’s terminal, actually confirming it, before speaking. “The security doors must be closed manually, Captain. Gather your men.” “Acknowledged, Sir.” He turned away from the burning terminal, lips pursing in rage as the emergency lights gained intensity, painting the bridge red and orange. He knew what was happening. There was only one reason for this absurd sequence of events. “Status.” The young man responsible for the starboard side's lower consoles turned his head up, one hand still grasping the closest officer’s chair. “Main generator went offline, General. Life support and shields rerouted to the secondary reactor. Instrumentation running on backup power.” Sabotage—someone had sabotaged his ship from the inside, and there was only a short list of reasons he could think of for doing so. “Sir, unauthorized launch reported.” Such as that. “Destroy them,” Hux ordered, eyes setting disdainfully on the ‘unauthorized launch’ warning lit on the officer’s console, before flying over the radar and setting on the exterior to find… What the…? Whatever he had expected to find, that was anything but it. The idiot… Idiots. … had stolen not a TIE but an Atmospheric Assault Lander. Now this is rich. Not to say pure madness. So much so, in fact, that he could hardly look away from it, marveling at the depths of stupidity he hadn't known existed, all the while expecting the coup de grace to befall the occupants of the stolen transport. It would be small compensation for the wreckage inside his ship, but he could live with the nominal satisfaction that seeing them blown to bits would bring. It was a question of time, anyway. The thing had no chance against the TIE’s weapons or speed. It— Hux frowned, thoughts coming to a sudden halt as he approached the bridge observation windows, hands grasping one of the supports as he followed the assault transport's trajectory, expression getting darker and darker. The thing—the thing was veering, dancing around the blasts shot by the TIEs, actually evading them. He had seen something like this before. He had… Where? That manner of flying, those acrobatics… Jakku. The Resistance pilot! And not only that man. The X-Wing that had put his flagship in its present predicament, whoever was at its commands, flew like that too, evading blasts like he could guess not only their trajectory but the attackers’ positions. Not even Special Forces could do that. No normal person could. Hux turned brusquely, pale eyes going around the bridge, confirming every face, searching every dark corner, lips pursing in anger as he went. There was something missing, something whose absence he normally wouldn’t mind, something that nevertheless should be there. Something that wasn’t. “Lieutenant,” his voice dropped, rising only enough so that an officer passing by could hear him. “Scan that ship. Give me a headcount.” “Yes, General.” Would they dare? Would they even have the nerve to pull something like…? A second set of footsteps stopped behind him, making him turn to face an absolutely livid bridge officer. “Sir! Engineering asks permission to run a full system manual restart.” If his mind had gone blank before, it was nothing to what it did now. The bridge had fallen so silent that he could almost hear the heads turning in his direction. He knew perfectly well what they were thinking for his thoughts were going the exact same direction. If ever there was a set of circumstances and locale unsuitable to run a system restart on anything – least of all the Finalizer ’s central processing unit – the present only fell short of an actual battle. In fact, considering the gravitational field, it was in some ways worse than a battle. We will be running for the pods if this goes wrong. Hux took a last hard glance to the runaway transport and then to the planet's mostly green face, expression going neutral. “Granted. Alert the crew.” An all new set of alarms began blearing, echoing up the corridors alongside a calm, clear warning. “Prepare for system restart. Repeat. Prepare for system restart. All crew to its posts.” “Initiating countdown,” a second voice warned, rising from the lower consoles. “Sixty seconds.” Hux snapped two supports out of the floor, putting his feet through them, one hand holding to the nearest console as its operator, and most of the bridge, strapped in. “All crew to its posts. Repeat,” the warning kept saying. “Prepare for system restart.” “Thirty seconds.” “Gravity simulation going offline!” The downwards pull ceased and the omnipresent hum that filled the ship disappeared entirely as the line of officers to his left rose a few centimeters off their chairs. “Ten seconds.” “All systems off!” Immediately, a sequence of low clicks, the unmistakable sounds of electrical instruments going off as the many screens went blank, and then silence descended. There was nothing beyond that profound silence that was only found in space. “Reactor successfully restarted.” Silence, then a hum coming up the walls, rising… “Systems going back online.” The crew looked around, most eyes setting expectantly on the ceiling lights. Someone to his left was repeating something in a low voice. It sounded like a prayer. If it was, it went unanswered. The electrical sounds choked. “Take the strain out of the initialization process,” Hux ordered, voice projecting across the bridge. “Prepare to run instrumentation off the secondary reactor.” “The reactor won’t be able to support instrumentation and sustain both life support and shields at the same time, Sir.” The bow was turning to port, both the TIEs and the assault transport disappearing from view as the green faced planet filled the observational windows. Would he truly have to point out what was already abundantly obvious? “The strain on power production—” He would. “Prioritize in accordance to the gravitational field to our port side, Lieutenant,” he said, his voice so collected he could have been running that scenario from inside a simulator. “Keep this ship in orbit.” “Systems rebooting.” His fingers clasped to the console, their hold only getting tighter as the second attempt failed. To his left, close to the door, the same technician that had tried to override the controls was floating next to the still opened – and now mostly covered with white foam – wall console. Even from this distance, Hux could see his hands diving among the wiring, rapidly pulling connection after connection out. “Systems going back online.” The hum was rising, trembling… Looking rapidly around, the technician tore the last wires out, pulling something out from somewhere behind them. The instant he did so the lights flickered, then stabilized. What the…? “Prepare for gravitational pull.” It was as uncomfortable as it sounded. Even so, Hux was halfway across the bridge, eyes glued to what was in the technician’s hand that had inspired his livid expression before his body even had time to readjust. This is impossible. It looked crude and handmade—the exact opposite of everything that belonged on his bridge and yet it was clearly some sort of storage device. One that, unless he was very much mistaken, he knew the owners of. That left only the question of how. How could anyone even plant that on the bridge without anyone, including him, having noticed? “Review the security logs,” he ordered, grabbing the device and turning to see the group of TIEs fly over the observational window. “The ship?” “Entered hyperspace, Sir.” Time for a different approach, then. Hux took to the communicator again. “Captain.” No response. “Captain.” Again silence. “Locate Captain Phasma. Get her and a stormtrooper squad to the Officer’s Quarters, immediately.” “The Captain is being moved to the Medical Bay, Sir.” To the Medical—Was there any other setback he needed to be informed of? His eyes snapped to the closest stormtrooper officer. “Get your men.” The Officer’s Quarters were empty, silence pressing against the dark walls as he joined the stormtroopers waiting in line in front of the door to the Visitor’s Quarters. Thin ice. He was stepping on very thin ice. Even so… “Tear it down.” The battering ram slammed against the door, metal twisting under the impact as it was thrown and crashed into the door's locking mechanism. His controlled expression momentarily breaking into one of fury, Hux observed as the metal bent, unmistakable snapping sounds echoing from inside the door as the battering ram fell against the lock. Throwing it aside, the soldier’s hands dove into the hole opened in the bent metal, forcing it to slide into the wall as the cylindrical object collided with the impeccably polished floor and rolled, stopping only as it hit Hux’s boots. Aggression jolting each of the soldiers as the door was forcibly opened, they burst inside, weapons raised, shouts of “go, go, go!” echoing in the mortally silent Officer’s Quarters. There were no shots. In less than a minute one of the soldiers had come back out, stopping in front of him. “Three confirmed fatalities, Sir.” Hux stepped over the battering ram, moving past the broken door and the soldiers until he stood next to the circular sofa, eyes coldly going around the room and stopping at the corpses of three of his officers sitting on the circular sofa, dressed as Knights. His eyes flashed with fury. “Search the ship. Find them.” Chapter 22 : The Strategist Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The Strategist “General, this is highly irregular; I really must ask you to—!” The door slid shut, words silenced behind five centimeter steel as Hux snapped the lock in place, mind momentarily registering the incredulous expression of the nurse attending to Phasma before he walked across the room, stopping in front of the observational window, eyebrows set in a furious line. “Leave us when you’re finished.” Needle in hand, her attention still focused on the blinking lock light on the door, the nurse mumbled a ‘yes, General,' leaning back over the mostly healed gash on the back of her charge’s head. Phasma’s deeply blue eyes opened as she did so, slowly focusing first on the polished white floor and then, without moving her head, on the door. To say she looked bad was an understatement. Her shoulders were slumped, exhaustion seemingly draining both her strength and alertness to the point she looked like someone a mere gust of wind could take to the ground. Suffice it to say that, that being the case, she was not only sitting but sounding outright disapproving when she spoke. “Sir,” The door emitted a low sequence of beeps followed by a louder, clearly negative, one. “Is that the Head Doctor?” “Possibly, Captain,” Hux replied, dismissively, continuing before she had time to further elaborate on that topic. “You requested my presence. Are you in a condition to speak?” “I am,” she assured, as the needle dug into her skin. “What happened?” “Preliminary investigation points to sabotage. On site reports from the hangar differ too much to conclude anything about the way it was carried out, but the culprits are who you would expect them to be.” Blond hair clinging to her temple, Phasma closed her eyes. “Do we have confirmation?” “If the surveillance footage had survived the blast, I might still have,” he retorted, eyes setting on the emptiness beyond the mostly green planet. “Whatever the case, facts remain. The Knights are gone.” “And the fire?” Hux’s expression tensed, her unexpectedly weak voice pulling him right back to one of the worst scenarios he had both faced and been trained for. Fire. He would remember that forever: Phasma’s warning and then chaos the likes of which he had only seen on Starkiller. He would be on his deathbed and that whole situation would be what would be playing in his mind. Not the rallies, not the battles, not the Order’s ultimate victory, but the way the Finalizer ’s bow had started turning to port, both the TIEs and the assault transport disappearing from view as the green faced planet slowly filled the observational windows and the warship’s power choked. Death – and a humiliating one at that – had been staring him right in the face. He had seen it, standing on his bridge wearing that man ’s face, talking with that man ’s voice, using his exact words… “Useless.” Shut up. “Worthless.” Shut. Up. “You’re good for nothing, boy.” SHUT—! “General.” Phasma’s voice dispelled the image of Death wearing his Sire's face. He turned, anger roiling, to find her still sitting in the chair, eyebrows raised in clear inquiry as the nurse hovered over a tray to her left, taking out a pair of scissors. “The fire?” “Extinguished, Captain.” Clear relief washed momentarily over her expression, only to fall back into mild interest as the nurse turned to her, speaking in a voice so quiet he only understood the final words. “It’s advisable to remain lying down, Captain.” She then turned to him. “General.” The nurse saluted him, opening the door only to run into the clearly disgruntled blond man dressed in the white uniform of the Medical Corps who had been on the other side. Whatever he saw in Hux’s face, however, made him rapidly close the door in retreat. The moment the lock clicked, Phasma made an uncomfortable movement with her shoulders, forcing herself to sit straighter, sweat breaking out on her a temple as she did so. Hux frowned. Before he could say anything, however, she raised one hand, eyes becoming momentarily unfocused. “General, before you continue, permission to speak freely.” “Granted.” “Would you speak more quietly?” That made him do more than frown. “There is a thing called bacta on this ship, Captain,” he pointed out, irritably, pulling a chair closer to the observation window as she turned her head to follow his moves and a wave of pain washed over her face. “As well as pain killers.” “I would prefer to keep my wits, Sir.” “I would prefer to have you on the ground at the shortest possible notice, Captain,” he retorted, attention turning to the completely destroyed silver plated helmet placed at the foot of the bed. “It has been reported by technical personnel on site that you were hit by the superior half of a TIE’s solar panel,” he informed her, attention going to the Finalizer ’s exterior again. “While it was still attached to said TIE.” Shock crossed her face, followed by something that looked a lot like fear, and then her expression went absolutely neutral. “Is this relevant, Sir?” “Some perspective, Captain. It might prove useful.” A small, white capsule passed under the window, making both of them follow it as it rotated, slowly making its way towards the planet. Clearly recognizing it for what it was, Phasma's eyebrows rose. “Are we losing pods?” “That’s corpse disposal.” The small white capsule fell towards the planet, igniting as it entered the atmosphere. “How many casualties?” “Apart from the two dozen or so caught in the hangar’s explosion or pulled out into space, three.” “Who?” What does that matter? “The soldier responsible for the Security Center,” he informed her, nevertheless, “found in the Knight's quarters dressed as a decoy.” “Dark haired, fair skinned?” “That would be his description.” A strange expression went over Phama’s face at his words. “A man? And the other two?” Hux could see his expression growing more and more enraged as he stared past his own reflection, a slight snarl setting on his lips as he remembered that particular find. “Also in the visitor’s Quarters, also dressed up as Knights. Your men had to ram down the door to retrieve them.” He should have left them there. If it wasn’t for the danger of having two corpses decomposing in the Officer’s Quarters and the knowledge that Ren’s ‘solution’ to finding that problem when he returned would be to throw both the door and the bodies across the corridor while feigning ignorance, he would have. If it wasn’t for the infuriating certainty he would, once again, have to bow down to Leader Snooke’s wishes and turn a blind eye to this, he might—just might—have found the restraint to keep acting like he always had: devoted, obedient, and subservient. Instead… I won’t stand for this. He had been more than tolerant – he would go so far as to say lenient – with Leader Snooke’s envoys. He was expected to accommodate their eccentricity and give precedence to whatever waste-of-time endeavor they were engaged in without batting an eye, without questioning its value – or lack thereof – to the Order’s cause, but not this time. He wouldn’t be forced to accept this—not by anyone, not by anything, not even by the Supreme Leader. He wouldn’t accept this. Not this blatant disrespect for his position. Not— “Is Lieutenant Mitaka among the dead?” The question broke through his anger, making him turn his attention to Phasma. His surprise must have answered her question, for before he could answer, she had moved forward. “Did he ever leave the bridge?” she queried. “The Lieutenant was off-duty on yesterday’s night watch,” Hux answered, mechanically, voice collected even as he was forced to clasp his hands together to stop them from trembling with poorly suppressed rage. “He, nevertheless, stayed on the bridge. We were running a behavioral check on the shields, high density impact. His knowledge of the Order’s weaponry was needed.” Phasma’s expression was getting stranger and stranger. “He never left?” she insisted. “I can personally vouch for that, Captain.” She shook her head as if trying to clear her thoughts, only to have a shiver go down her spine, and ended up clasping the chair’s arm, a fresh wave of pain going over her expression. “Not wanting to sound critical, Captain, but —” She made a gesture with her hand, clearly asking him to lower his voice. “Captain, I’m barely able to hear myself,” he retorted, impatient, even as he heard his voice drop. “You requested my presence. What is this about?” “Sir, were you ever at the bow?” she asked, teeth clenched. “No. Why?” "I was called to the security room just prior to the hangar fire. There were suspicions that you had gone missing,” Phasma informed him, swallowing back the pain. “Footage from the bow shown to me by the security officer in charge had you disappearing from one security screen to the next." Disappearing from…? "Captain, I was on the bridge immediately prior to the fire. No such footage could—" “A changling.” Hux found himself blinking at Phasma. “A…?” He shook his head, studying her face for signs of disorientation. “Old footage, Captain, is a far more probable explanation than—” “Lieutenant Mitaka,” she retorted, making him raise his eyebrows at this second interruption. “He was the one that notified me of your disappearance, Sir. He seemed off. There was something— something wrong with him, but I couldn't place it. It was a Knight. It is the only explanation for the Lieutenant being in two places at once.” Hux could feel the blood drain from his face, then anger sharpening as Phasma’s surprise at the identity of the soldier from the Security Center – at him being a man – suddenly came to mind. The female Knight. And at that many, too many, of the puzzle pieces left in the wake of both the hangar’s sabotage and the booby trapping of his bridge suddenly become clear. An alien, a changeling—so that was how they had gone around the hangar without raising suspicions. That had been how they had gained access to the bridge and how they had evaded security, even tricked Phasma. It was how nobody, including himself, had seen a thing! Mockery. This is mockery. "These Knights, Captain," Hux asked, fists clenching. "What were their names?" "According to the files, Sir, Rhyase, Essen and Lyr," Phasma answered, pausing for an instant, frowning, clearly trying to force her mind to cooperate. Her face had lost most of its color by now. "And the vanished Knight, the tall woman—" "Veshay." He hadn't forgotten about her. Veshay, however, did not concern him. As far as he knew, she was not involved. She was, and would remain, Ren's problem. The others, however, were his , and he needed to put faces and names to the masks. Rhyase—Rhyase that he had confused with Isahaine, the Knight he had worked with several times before—he could pick out of the trio immediately. The female Knight. Phasma had seen her unmasked, so he had an angle there. Essen and Lyr's identities, on the other hand, eluded him. One of them was the saboteur, a changling, and the other's involvement was still a mystery. It was too vague. It won't do. Anger slowly but surely turning into something colder, Hux held his own reflection’s gaze, seeing every single line of emotion leaving his expression as he got up, turning to find Phasma mimicking his move, seemingly trying to physically block his path. “I know that expression. This isn’t worth it, General.” She looked beyond exhausted; a simple step to his right and there would be nothing she could do to stop him from leaving. It would be easy, logical even, but he held her in esteems far too high not to meet her gaze. “Rest, Captain.” Stepping inside his own quarters, Hux made his way towards the bookshelf squeezed behind the chessboard, pulling out a set of old textbooks to reveal a hidden space behind them. Attention lingering for a moment on the brownish dots smeared all over the green ceremonial jacket placed inside, he reached under it. His fingers hit something, pulling out a carved wooden box he rapidly dismissed and then the still charged six-chambered revolver he had been looking for. Expression growing ever colder, Hux opened the chamber, attention going over the five remaining bullets, before he put the weapon over the chessboard and restored all the books to their former places. Only when he turned back did he notice that he had forgotten the box. Almost mechanically, he reached to open the lid, taking out one of the old chess pieces lying on the interior to set it against the light, attention going over every single imperfection and visible marks of wear left on the carved wood. The irony of what piece he had reached for hit him a moment later. Black Knight. Hux placed the piece in the middle of the glass board, one finger over its head. Then he pressed it, unbalancing it until it fell, crushed under his fingers. Notes: Madame Windcage is too sweet to ask for comments even though she really adores them. Her beta, however, is not, so please leave her your thoughts! - DD Chapter 23 : The General Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The General Leia had been looking at the sky when he had come, her attention so captured by the still collapsing Death Star, that she had only taken notice of his presence when a pair of strong arms wrapped around her waist, making her turn to kiss him. He was as he had been, as he always would be in her fondest memories—quick smile and mischievous eyes, a scoundrel through and through. “Trying to run away from the festivities or from me, Your Highness?” “Try both,” she had retorted, playfully. “You’ll have to hide better than this then,” Han commented, leaning in to kiss her and somehow managing to pull a wine bottle from behind his back while he did so. “Because you got the complete package right here and I really don’t intend to drink this alone.” His voice, his eyes—he was seduction itself, or at least he would have been if there hadn’t been an ewok peeking curiously from behind his legs that chose the precise moment their lips touched to jump out of hiding, laughing maniacally. “Ignore the bear,” Han had said, sounding exasperated, even as he kept following it with his eyes and Leia was the one having to turn his face back to her. “Where were we at?” It had been one of those magical moments, just the two of them, laughing and dancing and kissing, alone with the stars, completely forgotten by the world. “I love you,” she had whispered, running her fingers through his hair as they lay on top of one of the wooden cabins, distant music rising among the trees. “I know, Princess.” He had pulled her to him—and Leia had awoken in her room, cold and alone, to remember he had died. She hadn’t dared fall asleep since. She hadn’t dared fall into that sweet lie and simply forget. Leia looked around her room, listening, trying to find something with which to occupy her mind, but there was nothing but herself and her guilt with which to do so. She missed Han, not only his presence and his company, but also all those infuriating things – big and small – that used to drive her mad. She missed waking up to their small family. She even missed their fights. When did we go wrong, Han? When did we let things get so out of hand? Her hand went to her neck, only to end up closing over the soft fabric of her nightgown. Feeling a sudden wave of panic, Leia looked around the bed, lifting the pillows, searching between the bed sheets, before turning her attention to the floor, then the work desk. I can’t have lost it! She would never forgive herself if she did. That necklace was everything she had left of— “Can I be of help, General?” Previously in charging mode, C3-PO had clearly been awoken by her frantic gestures. Looking to the place where he stood, Leia could see him approaching her with clear concern. “Have you seen—?” She remembered then. Her annoyance at herself after watching Ben’s old messages, her horror at understanding what that had done… I-I took it off and… She leaned towards her bedside table and opened its lonely drawer, fearing being wrong all the way. The same instant she did look inside, however, she felt relief wash over her. “It’s alright, Threepio. I found it.” It was there, right beside an old book she had never gotten around to finishing. Hesitating for a moment on taking it out or not, Leia ended up closing the drawer, leaving it inside. Listening to what that pendant contained had been a mistake. She had thought herself prepared, and she had been prepared for many things indeed—finding herself mourning her son all over again; missing his dry jokes and the way his expression always betrayed what he was truly feeling; how profoundly kind he had always been; missing even his darkness. What she hadn’t expected was for what he had been and what he had become to merge, for her boy and Kylo Ren to become a single person. What she truly hadn’t expected was to no longer be able to love one and despise the other, and now she felt angry. At herself, yes, but mostly, at Be—Ren! … I don’t even know what to call him anymore! Getting to her feet in search of something else to occupy her thoughts, Leia approached her window, frowning as her eyes went over the two carriers visible directly under her and stopping at the empty space at the end of the formation. Ackbaar hasn’t returned yet. Having volunteered both himself and his command ship to escort the former stormtrooper battalion to one of their many active battle fronts – one of the few places they could be both useful and not put the rest of the Resistance in danger – Ackbaar had left not a day after she had dropped off Rey and Finn on the barren moon. It was too short a time gap for him to have returned, but the breach the heavily armored Home 1 absence opened in their ranks left her feeling slightly uncomfortable. If the fleet already looked dangerously fragile with its presence, without it was less than impressive. The fleet—when did I start calling six ships that? Leia sighed, turning her back on the window. Sitting at her desk after putting on some work clothes, she then set her attention on the latest report she had received, reading an absolutely depressing tale of rising casualty numbers and terrain losses that did little more than paint a very bleak picture for the Resistance in one of their main active fronts. A lost battle. Another one. She turned towards the work desk keyboard, rapidly typing her orders – a retreat – and going over to the next report. Her heart grew heavier the longer she read. This second one was even more disheartening than the first. Concede victory and focus elsewhere. This is becoming our strategy far too often. And without the support of the Republic fleet, it would only get worse. If they weren’t cautions, the Resistance’s morale would plunge, as not even their success at Starkiller could hold it indefinitely. And what that entails both for us and the galaxy… Leia shook her head, massaging her temples. The Resistance had been quite powerful in her youth. It had had both the financing and the manpower such that if it could not stand on equal grounds with the Empire’s gigantic fleet, it could at least make its work very unpleasant. The Order’s fleet wasn’t half as numerous – it probably wasn’t a tenth of what the Empire had possessed – but to judge them based on that was a deathly mistake. Their technology was far superior; their soldiers and officers’ training knew no rival; their propaganda machine was dangerously effective and Brendol Hux’s son… What had been his name? Armitage? Was it Armitage? It mattered little now. The Armitage Hux she remembered was a little boy, a child with unhappy eyes and his head downcast. The man he had become was nothing of the sort. She had been on the receiving end of his battle tactics. She had been forced to retreat by his fleet. She had seen what he was capable of. She knew brilliance when she saw it and the younger Hux was brilliant. He was also, unfortunately, a fanatic; even more so than his father Brendol had been. She had listened to his speeches—the few that Intelligence had been able to grab hold of—and they had sent shivers down her spine. It was not a question of how much hatred the man seemed to have within himself, how in love he was with the Order’s ideology, or how certain he was that he was doing what was right – as disturbing as that was – but how magnetic he was. She herself had felt it, the way the words wrapped around one’s mind, the way they captivated… We are facing a charismatic and highly intelligent fanatic. Leia shook her head at that. That child… Lost. The child Armitage Hux had been was, alongside so many others, lost, and the galaxy was paying dearly for having allowed such a thing to happen. It was those same lost children that were reducing the Resistance to guerrilla tactics: hit and run, take what you can and leave. The Order called its fleet superior and Leia feared, even if she wouldn’t ever say it out loud, that it was. Starkiller’s destruction had been their only victory and its cost had been high. Their last hope was the way Finn’s desertion had clearly showed a lot of his former allies a way out, but even that wasn’t enough. The Order wouldn’t be defeated like that. The recent development with the trackers had proven Hux wouldn’t allow something like that to continue. If we had our old numbers… That was an impossible dream. The Resistance had indeed been powerful, but the years that followed the death of the emperor and the consequent demilitarization of the Empire had slowly drained its strength. People had wished to return home, to rebuild their lives, to start a family, to live, and, while the war did continue, one by one they had left, trusting the Republic they had fought for with the future they dreamed of building. She had been no different. Trading a life of armed fighting for one of political warfare had seemed natural, even more so when Ben was born. She had not been lying when she told Han that some of it had been good. Those first years had been like a dream, but it hadn't lasted. In hindsight, she should have known it wouldn't. She loved Han and was more than certain he loved her, but they were at the same time too similar and too different for things to go smoothly and in the end their relationship had become more similar to a freighter wreck than anything else. How did I get back to this? How had she gone from the Order to Han and Ben? Leia closed her eyes, letting her head rest against the chair as she inhaled the soft smell of her perfume, listening as the cruiser reactor echoed up the ventilators, filling the room with a soft hum. It was strangely peaceful. It was— She almost jumped to her feet. There were footsteps coming down the corridor, footsteps and the sound of something metallic rolling down the hall. Leia shook her head in disbelief, tired eyes focusing on the clock beside her and then on the door. The next instant, she found herself walking towards it and opening it. “Problems sleeping or taking the blasters for a walk?” Judging by the way the three of them jumped—well, Poe and Allya jumped, BB8 looked up with what sounded like a low, startled hum and hid behind Poe’s legs – This droid! – they weren’t expecting her to be awake nor to become aware of their presence. In fact, the way both the pilot’s and the Twi’lek’s expressions changed seemed to say they had been caught with their hands in the cookie jar. It made her both want to pinch the bridge of her nose in exasperation and laugh. BB8 scared behavior, however, made her mind go with guilt. “What are you three doing here?” she asked with a sigh, attention going over Poe’s orange uniform – he had just gotten off of patrol it seemed – Allya’s firm grip on the blaster – at least she had the security on – and BB8 still looking at her from behind Poe. “Sleepwalking?” The pilot’s clear effort at finding an appropriate and humorous way to justify their presence collapsed into an amused smile at that question. Allya, on the contrary, didn’t react immediately, too busy stretching her neck to detect possible assassins behind Leia to register what she had said. The moment she did, though, she seemed to deflate, the pale golden eyes going from vigilant to nervous in less than a second. I really shouldn’t say these things to the girl. “Patrol,” she whispered, speaking not with Leia, but seemingly with the blaster, her voice so low that even in the quiet night it was almost impossible to hear her. Contrary to her, Poe was rapidly regaining his composure. “It’s really late, General,” he pointed out with clear worry. “Shouldn't you be sleeping?” “I have a lot to do,” she heard herself answering, whilst shaking her head. Truth was that she wouldn’t be able to rest even if she did try. Dreaming about Han had actually been a respite. As a rule, every time she dared close her eyes, her mind was lost to the same dream. In it, Ben and Han were face to face on a bridge over a chasm. They seemed to be talking, none of them conscious that she too was there, that she was running, that she was trying to reach them. She could never do so in time to stop what happened next. I know I lost them. Both of them. I know that, I don’t need to be reminded of it constantly. Leia stepped back inside her quarters. “Come in,” she told the trio, signaling C3-PO for him to stay charging. “And close the door.” She turned the chair she had been sitting on towards the room, observing as Poe walked towards the window, looking outside, eyes getting distant the moment he did so. He’s worried. It was not difficult to guess with what and for whom. A part of her wished she could tell him what was going on, but... It’s not a question of trust. Because, she trusted Poe. She just… Leia’s attention turned to Allya, now stepping closer to her. The girl was chewing her lips as she took a small container out of her belt and poured its contents into the mug Leia kept on her workstation. A rich, exotic smell rose with the vapor rising above the liquid. That smell… “Is that tea?” Allya shook her head affirmatively. Judging by how embarrassed she looked, if she was human she would probably had turned a dark shade of scarlet by now. “I—I think that is the name in Basic,” she murmured, placing the mug in Leia’s hands. “They had me piloting one of the freighters last time we went to fetch supplies. I bought it in the market. For good dreams.” Leia almost spilled the tea at those words. She looked at the girl with her eyebrows raised. “Have you been sleeping in the corridor again?” She could not fathom what was happening in the girl’s head to curl right in front of her door, but had long begun insisting that she knock and enter instead of doing that. She wouldn’t mind the company. If nothing else, it would at least be a distraction. “No. This was, maybe, the day before yesterday?” She looked at Poe for help. To Leia’s absolute horror, the pilot’s expression turned pensive. He nodded. Not both of them! “I was getting to the hangar and…” “You heard me talking.” That didn’t come as a surprise at all. C3-PO had long ago informed her about that unfortunate side effect of her dreams. Curiously enough his, the droid, and Allya’s solution to her problems was the same: tea. It actually made her smile. “Is it good?” Allya asked, as she took a sip of the drink. It was awful. The leaves had been cooked and the flavor of the drink had dissolved into something reminiscent of swamp water. Even so she forced herself to swallow and say in her most sincere tone: “Delicious.” The girls face lightened, the nervous expression fading into a smile. The next instant, she had run back to sit next to BB8. It was the first time Leia had ever seen her looking remotely happy and she suddenly seemed even younger than she always took her for. She’s a child. Leia had never been comfortable with making Allya part of the Resistance. They had saved her from a First Order prisoner transport not that long after Starkiller’s destruction. Whatever the girl had done to end up in such a place wasn’t something she had yet shared, but it had become rapidly obvious she had nowhere to go and so she ended up staying. She was not supposed to be fighting. But with their lack of personnel, there were a lot a people there that were more than willing to make ends meet by any means available and Allya had gone from helping with supplies, to organizing munitions, and, the minute someone had realized she had some knowledge of piloting, to pilot’s duty. In the end, Finn – who, given his life, had rather different notions about, well, many things – had ended up teaching her how to use a blaster. From there, there was no way back. The harm was done. She looked at Allya. The girl was now mimicking BB8 as he leaned slightly from side to side, beeping happily at her. At the window, Poe was half laughing at the display. “That droid is already spoiled rotten, Allya!” he said, snickering even harder when the girl made a rather good impression of the droids beeps, trying to speak to it that way. “You’re making it worse!” “But he’s cute.” “That’s how they get us!” Leia looked from one to the other and then to the ground, her heart heavy. The war will make graves for us all. She then shook her head. I’m in a really optimistic mood tonig— The ship’s sirens interrupted her thoughts, making her jump to her feet as Poe, weapon immediately in hand, turned towards the window. His face filled with confusion the moment he did so. “What—?” And he was out the room, running with BB8 following behind him as Allya took his place, staring mouth agape at whatever was coming their way. “The Order?” Allya nodded. Before Leia could step out of the room and run to the bridge, however, Captain Xarv’s voice was rising from the emergency communicator on the wall. “General, an Order’s command shuttle is approaching the fleet,” he informed her, sounding so calm Leia was sure he was going into shock. “They are asking for permission to land.” What?! She didn’t care to hear more. A very bad feeling was making her step out of the room and walk as fast as she could towards the hangar. She arrived there in time to see the superior side of the black shuttle’s wings slowly descend into their landing position. Forcing her way through row after row of Resistance soldiers with weapons pointed to the now opening shuttle door, Leia ended up finding herself stopping right next to Poe. She couldn’t speak, staring in disbelief at the half dozen figures going down the shuttle’s access ramp and aligning themselves in front of her. They hadn’t bothered to camouflage what they were. They were using the long, dark robes. They stood still, studying them behind faceless masks. “Are the Knights also deserting?” Poe asked, leaning closer to Leia’s ear, his pistol firmly pointed towards the new arrivals. And before Leia could think of what to say or even question how they had found them, the Knights moved. As one they took a step forwards, fell to one knee, and put their weapons on the ground. As one, they rose and stepped back, and then to her – and she suspected everyone’s – shock they raised their hands to the helmets – or masks or whatever else they covered their faces with – and took them off. The silence could be cut with a knife as they repeated that same well choreographed display and put the helmets next to their weapons. Leia was having a hard time finding her voice, her attention jumping from Knight to Knight, focusing on their behavior rather than their faces. There were six of them in total.To the far right of the group, a short young man was elbowing the dark skinned woman at his side and making a discreet gesture towards BB8. At their side, the oldest member of the group, his face half destroyed by scars, was ignoring every single weapon pointed at him and looking with clear interest at the X-Wings. Then two women, clearly not human, but similar to the last bit of milky white skin and white hair, were studying the soldiers. Last, a muscular man whose burning red eyes gave her a very uncomfortable sensation. That one looked like someone who desired to throttle someone. Being rather sure of whom he wished to do that to, Leia found herself able to empathize with him the most. She wanted nothing more than to throttle Kylo Ren too. --- Halfway across the galaxy, General Hux sat in his quarters stewing, eyes glued to the files of the trio of Knights that had made a mockery out of his entire command, while in Cloud City, Kylo Ren prepared to set his own plans into motion, his false Knights - having taken the identity of Nephys and Isahaine - at his side. Knights, it seemed, were the order of the evening. Notes: Comments inspire Madame Windcage to write faster, which in turn makes her beta edit faster, and that leads to chapters being posted sooner. Leave her some love so we can get to the romance ahead of schedule! - DD Chapter 24 : The Scavenger Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The Scavenger “You should sell it, you know. The flight simulator. Get yourself some food. Dreaming is good and all, but there's no place for that here, kiddo. It won’t ever accomplish anything.” Rey’s eyes snapped open, vision focusing on the TIE’s circular front window as a tired, sun-bitten face she had no idea she still remembered fell back into the oblivion of her memory, leaving her alone, hands clasping the TIE’s controls, eyes going around the cockpit, almost expecting everything around her to crumble and reveal nothing but the scorching sands of Jakku. It was an old fear, one that had been born long ago—the result of too many nights dreaming of her faceless family, of being in another, far happier place, only to wake up to the same vast desolation, nothing but the stars for company, nothing but herself for miles. On those long nights, trying to soothe herself back to sleep, conjuring up sweet nothings to justify her family’s continued absence, she had finally been able to find a distraction in a rundown, dented, probably completely outdated flight simulator she had uncovered from the sands. Her intentions at first had, she admitted, been to fix and sell it for food. At some point, however—probably the instant she turned it on and understood what exactly had come into possession—that had changed. Some of her best memories, or better yet her only good ones, were of sitting in front of that simulator, eyes glued to the screen, hands grasping the commands, voice cursing at her initial tendency of running into walls and hangar doors or laughing at her absolutely disastrous first landings. Laughing. She didn’t even know what her own laughter sounded like until she had sat in front of that screen. She had all but forgotten what enjoying something felt like until she had first grabbed those commands and discovered how much she loved piloting. In a way, the simulator had saved her. She picked a ship—most of the time by closing her eyes and throwing a finger at the list in the screen after several minutes of frowning and scratching her head at ships she knew nothing about—and then trained and trained until she could pilot it perfectly. Then she jumped to the next ship model—or ship class—and learned everything all over again. Too many nights she had fallen asleep from pure exhaustion, only discovering she had been sleeping when Jakku’s unforgiving sun had awoken her up. Days had gained a new routine then, going from scavenging, selling parts and eating—or, at least, occasionally eating—to scavenging, selling parts, eating and learning to fly. In a place where an individual’s life and existence was about as valuable as the grains of sand, where everybody was no one, she had slowly carved out her identity. She was a pilot. She was, even if just to herself, someone, and that spark of pride, as small as it was, had given her strength. While everything else conspired to pull her down, to break her spirit, the knowledge, the certainty she excelled at something few in Jakku even knew of, had steeled her. She was a pilot. Jakku could take everything away from her. It could starve her and kill her, but it couldn’t take that. The day the simulator had broken down for the last time, she had lain on her bed wide awake for hours, eyes set on the dark sky visible from a series of little gaps in her home’s metal wall, her mind recalling numbly the tired face of a man who had died just that day, his body left behind, lost inside the Star Destroyer sunken in the sands. She didn’t know his name. She had no idea who he was or had been. She had never had any desire to, but he was the only person she had known whose harsh words had been meant in kindness. One of the few people who, knowing she was in possession of something valuable, hadn’t tried to rob her or kill her or worse to make his fortune off of it. “You should sell it, you know,” he had said, watching as she tested the metal under her feet and walked carefully towards an open elevator shaft at the end of the Star Destroyer’s darkened corridor. “The flight simulator. Get yourself some food. Dreaming is good and all, but there is no place for that here, kiddo.” He had stepped onto the same panels she had just cleared. “It won’t ever accomplish anything.” With a crack and then a menacing metallic moan, Rey had turned to see the floor giving up under him, darkness swallowing the other scavenger as a bloodcurdling scream echoed in the corridor. “You are wrong,” she had whispered to the night, curling in her bed as she tried to block both the screaming and the silence. “You are wrong.” She had never sold the simulator, not even when she had finally accepted that no amount of skill could make it work again. She hadn’t dismantled it or built something else in its place. It was still in Jakku, inside her small home, useless, taking up space—filling her with crushing guilt every time she thought of getting rid of it. “I helped you. I made you a pilot. Least you can do is not abandoning me,” it seemed to say. It was the silliest thing ever, giving a voice and feelings to an inanimate object and yet—and yet it was still there, every so often making her stop besides it just to see if it would start working again, if she would get one last chance to use it. It had never happened. Be that as it may, it didn’t change what she knew she had accomplished. She was not the most experienced pilot or the most confident one—flying the Falcon for the first time had been a testament to both that and the importance of urgently finding a co-pilot—but she learned fast and she was sure she could state, without the slightest hint of arrogance, that she was a good pilot. In view of that, she had to admit something. Whatever had been looking after her on Starkiller, whatever had assured she didn’t get her hands on a ship and try to run that way, but had instead made her crash right into Han Solo, Chewie and Finn, whatever that was, be it the Force or something else, had in all certainty saved her life. Her pursuer, she now knew, wasn’t just a good pilot or an experienced one, he was… Reckless. Insane. And brilliant. So much so in fact that she had completely forgotten not only whom she was fighting beside, but also who the pilot in the lead TIE was—actually having to force herself to come to her senses and not ask how the hell he was making the ship slide in whatever direction he desired while rotating it on its horizontal axis and not have it stall midair while he plunged to certain death. Getting out of Cloud City had been a nightmare. As far as she understood, Ren’s intention had been to use the ships leaving the city as camouflage for the tugs he intended to get to the Finalizer , the TIE’s presence being more of what she believed Finn had classified as a diversion than an actual air defense. Things had gone well at first—she grudgingly had to admit that given the situation the plan was rather clever—but it hadn’t been successful long enough for the tugs to get out of the city safely. Not when, despite them having hit about everything and everyone on sight—including the tugs they were protecting—and having sent two ‘enemy’ vessels crashing to the planet’s surface, someone on the Rebel side had somehow understood what was happening and rerouted the hellish attack with which the TIE’s were being targeted to the incredibly sluggish tugs. In less than a minute, one of them had been hit by a barrage of missiles, seemingly frozen in midair, broken in half and rapidly started falling towards the city, engulfed in flames. That had been the moment their squad leader had seemingly forgotten his own commands and broken formation, diving at vertiginous high speed towards the ship that had fired against the tug. She was still wrapping her mind around what happened next. Ren had rotated the ship horizontally, fired the TIE’s cannons directly inside the other ship’s bridge, and spiraled back up to blast a second, smaller ship out of the sky. This while the first target was still falling. It was absolutely brilliant. She would kill to fly like that. She would also have been dead in about three seconds if she had gone up against him in a ship while fleeing Starkiller. I will take lightsabers any day. Rey had no idea why she had tried to keep pace with him during the battle. It had been two days since they had entered hyperspace and her muscles were still aching from the strain. In fact, the only thing making her feel slightly better about that was that she hadn’t been the only one. The Special Forces’ pilot—the only one who, besides her, had been chosen to escort the tugs—had just about done the same and been as successful as Rey had been. If not less. Definitely less. Not that the other woman was in anyway a bad pilot, far from it, she had experience exuding from every single pore, but there was something missing… something… A white warning light lit up on the TIE’s console, breaking through her thoughts as the Special Forces’ pilot voice rose from the communicator. “Approaching destination. Exiting lightspeed.” The swirling white mass began to focus, stars passing rapidly at their side until finally the same system she had visited less than a week ago focused in front of her. Everything was the same as far as she could tell: the large Star Destroyer frame visible against the deeply green planet, the remnants of the destroyed Resistance vessels still floating around. Nothing had changed. Not even the silence. The only difference, it seemed, was the rapidly approaching TIE patrol demanding their identification. Leaving the tugs making their way towards the Finalizer , Rey followed as Ren’s TIE dived under the Star Destroyer, making its way to the warship’s port side only to see him stop before he cleared the large warship’s underbelly, remaining absolutely immobile for the few seconds both her and the other pilot took to catch up with him. “Proceed to the hangar.” The words weren’t just meant for the Special Forces’ pilot. Rey, however, ignored the implied order, pulling the TIE alongside his as it ascended towards the open and, judging by the lack of light, inoperative hangar, she just now noticed as being right above them. They entered it slowly, carefully, the TIEs’ frontal lights illuminating the wrecked floor and scorched walls of something very similar to the huge, open space she used to scavenge in Jakku. After an instant, the other TIE descended slowly, landing near one of the hangar’s corners, a dark figure jumping from its hatch and landing several meters below to look around. Turning her ship in the opposite direction, Rey’s eyes went over the oppressive darkness on the outside. She had a bad feeling—like someone was there, in the shadows. Watching. I don’t like this. Her left hand was over the TIE’s upper instrument panel, fingers slowly rotating a large dial and them moving it downwards. The lights grew in intensity, the beacon slowly going down the blackened wall and over a group of TIE’s secured to a stair-like structure on the wall, then it illuminated piles and piles of debris; ripped floor panels; twisted metal; a dark figure, its covered face facing the TIE, one hand rising towards it… Rey had less than a second to kick in the frontal thrusters before the TIE jerked violently forward, a metallic moan echoing all around her as the metal panels bent under the strain. She could feel the Force grasping at the structure, the way it pulled against the TIE’s motors, straining them, taking them passed the limit. Not good! There were alarms going off all around her. Behind her, something had starting emitting a high pitched sound and she could smell burning rubber. Even so, Rey’s eyes refused to leave the dark figure, focusing on the eyes behind the visor of what wasn’t a helmet but a white mask covering the Knight’s—because, incomprehensibly, it was a Knight!—face. And somehow, someway, she understood. You want me to crash. And that infuriated her a lot more than having the Knight simply trying to kill her would. Muscles straining to keep a tight grip over the commands, Rey pressed a button on the TIE’s controls, releasing the frontal cannons from their brakes and rapidly turning them towards the unknown figure. Without a second’s hesitation Rey pressed the trigger. The woman jumped out of the way, releasing her grip on the TIE and forcing Rey to rapidly reverse the thrusters as her head hit the chair hard. She dove for the trigger again, but the figure had disappeared. She couldn’t even sense it, but she did sense Ren. Left. To the left. The TIE slid and stopped. Several meters under her, Rey could see the cross shaped lightsaber fall towards the far larger staff like weapon the woman wielded. Rey had both of them in sight. There was no way she could hit one without hitting the other. She couldn’t— “Do it,” the soft voice whispered, making her bit her lips, finger about to press the trigger. “Two birds…” Rey shook her head, eyes focusing on Ren’s back. “Move,” she whispered. “ Move!” If Rey didn’t know better, she would thought he had heard: the lightsaber twisted, deflecting the Knight’s blow as she dove under the weapon, away from his opponent. Rey took her chance immediately, seeing as the Knight jumped away, disappearing behind one of the piles of debris. The instant she blasted that away, the woman was gone again. Where? She had no time to found out. A huge, broken beam had been sent crashing directly into the cockpit’s circular window. Rey made the TIE dive, feeling the right solar panel collide with the ground as the beam flew over the ship, and then pulling it up, turning until she found the two dark figures and going again for the trigger. They were at each other’s throats again. The Knight’s weapon falling in a brutal cleaving movement, ripping through the air as Ren stepped away from under it, letting it crash into the ground and pinning it against the floor. The next instant the burning red blade was aiming towards his opponent’s neck, forcing her to let go of the weapon and reach for the Force. Whatever she did with it was too fast for Ren to evade, and it hit like a punch. It was all it took. The Knight dove for her weapon, ripping it from under him. An instant of unbalance and both of them stepped back, circled each other, and threw themselves forward again. The battle was beginning to turn vicious as Rey, shoulder suddenly almost paralyzed with pain, finished adjusting the cannon’s aim and leaned forward, finger over the trigger, looking for her chance to fire. As she did something strange happened. For a moment, Rey could have sworn she saw the Knight’s weapon changing, curving, looking almost alive. She had less than a second to wonder what she was seeing—if anything at all—Ren was jumping off the pile of debris both he and the Knight had made their way up onto, sliding down and turning at the bottom, clearly expecting an attack. He had miscalculated, and not only he. Rey, thinking exactly the same, also misunderstood the Knight’s intention. She was now turning, one hand raised towards the TIE, towards her. It was as if time had stopped. There was lightning— lightning —coming her way. It hit the right wing. Immediately, a danger sign lit up on the console, a huge explosion echoing behind her before Rey could do anything to block the power supply. The TIE was dropping, systems failing, and something vicious was twisting in the Force, rising as Ren again fell on top of the Knight, sending the lightsaber crashing against the woman. The instant he did, the lightning burst away from the ship, hitting the ceiling and sending a huge section of metal crashing down on top of the two dark figures as their weapons made contact. Immediately, Rey pulled the commands, fighting to land the TIE, succeeding in making it hit the floor as a large, seemingly never ending burst of lightning filled the hangar with an almost blinding light and— Nothing. Breathing hard, Rey released the commands, eyes straining to see through the darkness. Several moments passed until a red light was back in view, a dark figure stepping under the TIE’s light beacons, head slowly turning in all directions—Ren. But apart from him, no one; there was no one else there. Impossible. This can’t be. Rey jumped out of the pilot’s chair, almost forgetting the helmet as she ran towards the TIE access hatch and rapidly went down the ladder. Jumping a meter or so to the ground, she rapidly stepped from under the TIE, hands firmly gripping the staff, her right shoulder absolutely pulsing as she approached Ren. It felt like walking towards a storm. “Where is she?” “Not here.” It was not an answer; he didn’t even seem to be listening and the Force was thundering. “They left.” “Who left? Who was she?” The hangar door opened; a long shadow appeared and then dozens of figures were stepping into the blade of light. Eyes straining to adjust to the sudden brightness, Rey found a very tall, very elegant blond woman dressed in a black uniform—what looked a lot like what Finn had been wearing when she had first meet him, only full of insignias and with a long cape on top—making her way towards them. The woman was frowning, her expression hardening as her intense blue eyes went over the incandescent metal left in the awake of the TIE’s blasts, then she raised her left hand, making a circular movement that made most of stormtroopers following her scatter around the hangar. “The bridge reported blaster fire coming from inside the hangar, Sir,” she announced in a strong, clear voice from halfway across the hangar. “Did you get a positive—?” A low rumble started, then something metallic was falling, and the woman turned instantly, left hand hitting the blaster light as she pointed towards one of the debris’s piles, following an unrecognizable piece of burnt metal as it tumbled down. Lowering the blaster, her eyebrows raised in suspicion, she turned back to Ren. “The General requests—” She had no chance to finish. Ren’s attention had broken away from the hangar and fallen on her. “When did this happen?” he demanded, gesturing around the scorched remains of the hangar. “Some three days ago.” His voice was getting dangerously low with each word. “Were they able to reach lightspeed?” “Positive, Sir.” Ren’s fist clenched. In about a second, he had gone passed the tall woman, not even stopping when she turned his away, voice urgent. “The General requests your presence on the bridge, Sir.” “The General will wait.” He was boiling. Rey could see it in his shoulders, read it in the line of his back, sense it in the Force. A lifetime of being forced to survive by always paying attention and avoiding that which could do her harm was screaming at her to get away from him fast. Yet, the instant they stepped inside what looked like a surprisingly small common room and he made a gesture with his hand that forced the broken door closed behind them, she pulled off the helmet, and threw all caution to the wind. “What’s happening?” Ren stopped in the middle of the room, not turning her way, the silence only getting denser the longer he stood there. “There has been some unrest in certain sectors within the Knights’ ranks,” he finally said, his calm tone a contrast to the violent way the Force was crashing around him. “This is the aftermath.” “The aftermath ?” Rey gestured in the general direction of the main hangar. “That Knight tried to kill both of us!” “There were bound to be repercussions.” “From what ?” she demanded to know, dropping the helmet onto the circular sofa in the middle of the small room. “Aren’t you the Knights’ leader or something?” “I am.” She waited for him to continue. She waited for an answer for what felt like an eternity, attention firmly set on his back. Contrary to that time in Starkiller’s interrogation room, however, when she had rather wished he would just shut up, now that she did want him to talk, he wasn’t uttering a single word. “That Knight in the hangar—” “Is taking advantage of hierarchy dynamics. As I said, repercussions were to be expected.” Rey was rapidly losing her patience. Could the man stop being so enigmatic?! Could he give a straight answer?! “You said ‘they’ weren’t here,” she pointed out, unwilling to let it go. “Are ‘they’ Knights?” His silence was as loud an answer as she needed. “Is losing Knights also ‘hierarchy dynamics?'” That made him react. He turned brusquely, his voice filled with an edge that hadn’t been there before. “I didn’t lose anyone,” he snarled. “Veshay is clearly within this vessel. As for the whereabouts of the rest, that is, unfortunately, not that hard to guess.” Now, it was her turn to be silent. Eyes fixed on the dark visor, a very bad feeling rising from her chest as she studied the faceless mask, she felt she knew the answer. She felt she knew it without even having to ask. “Where would they go?” she inquired. She would wish she hadn’t. Notes: As always, please do leave Madame Windcage your thoughts and love. - DD Chapter 25 : The Stormtrooper The Stromtrooper “Emergency teams report no causalities. The ship seems to have been flying unmanned.” Crouched next to a large broken window, both his attention and thoughts so set on Cloud City’s night skyline that he didn’t hear the Sergeant approach, Finn found himself almost jumping to his feet to salute the officer, the hard wired reaction followed by his senses screaming at him to not do that making him do a strange up and down twisting movement as he forced himself to remain still. “It couldn't get here alone, Sir—geant!” he said, rapidly waving one arm in the general direction of the deep scratches and destroyed floor panels they were standing on to cover his error, and almost sighing with relief when the officer looked away from him. “Didn’t anybody see anything?” The Sergeant raised his blaster, adjusting the scope and making it run up and down the wall of illuminated buildings Finn had pointed his attention towards. “This is a business area, Sir, at night and in the present climate—well even if someone saw something... ” He shook his head, dropping the blaster to face Finn. “It is possible some of the neighboring buildings have video surveillance. If you wish, my men can get hold of it.” Fingers running over a set of deep scratches, Finn made a nervous, but still clearly affirmative, gesture with his head. Then, doing his best to look as ‘Knightly’ as possible—something that apparently meant trying to act like Ren, talk like Phasma, and fail miserably at both—he got to his feet, turned towards the destroyed wall behind him, and entered the adjoining room. Feet sinking between piles and piles of destroyed electronics, Finn stopped next to the pair of stormtroopers standing guard over a large, overturned ship, its blinking exterior lights the only source of light in the destroyed room. This is so not good. Shoulders getting tenser the longer he looked at the markings on the side of what was clearly a Atmospheric Assault Lander, he was forced to come to grips with what they meant. Finn stepped inside the wrecked ship, looking around the empty interior and entering the cockpit. He might know nothing about how the ship had ended up crashing on the middle floor of the building he was presently on, but he knew where it came from—the Finalizer . Whoever had piloted it to Cloud City had somehow managed to evade the Star Destroyer’s cannons, survive the TIE patrols, enter lightspeed and, inexplicably, then ended up destroying three floors of a building and the vessel on the exact planet and city the General was presently - he hoped - getting his flagship towed towards. It makes no sense. “Have we looked into anti-aircraft fire?” Finn asked, looking to the ship’s commands in hopes of seeing something the soldiers might have failed to notice. “Both the Order’s and Rebel's?” “All the anti-aircraft positions were recaptured according to your instructions, Sir. Our soldiers haven’t shot down anything since.” Finn nodded rapidly, turning his back on the pilot’s chair and exiting the ship. “We most remove this as quickly as possible.” He noted, facing the Sergeant. “Preferably without anyone noticing. Can we dismantle it or…?” The question ended on an uncertain note. Being able to hear his own voice inside the helmet, Finn felt like cringing. His commands sounded more like questions than anything else. His voice held no conviction, much less any of the authority he had learned to wield during training in the Order or whilst being with the Resistance. Were it not for the distorter making him sound threatening, there wouldn’t be a person there who wouldn’t be raising eyebrows at his behavior and slips of tongue. Sir-geant. I called him Sir-geant . And that wasn’t even the worst slip up. He had been falling behind the officer, catching himself looking for permission to speak, eagerly listening to his insight, and too often doing little more than agree with his suggestions rather than put his own forwards and acting them out. He was behaving like a stormtrooper; it was a miracle no one had noticed yet. I’m a complete disaster! Even so, he knew—in a not so vocal part of his mind—that he was not being entirely fair with himself. Amid the absolute strangeness being ‘Nephys,' he seemed at least to have been doing a decent enough job for the officer’s initial reserve and frustration at serving under him to have disappeared. The Sergeant had clearly been—for whatever reason—attempting to curry favor with Ren. His over eagerness to be useful, to find solutions to every single problem facing them, to meddle into matters he knew less than nothing about, were all part of his effort to gain favor—not that Ren seemed impressed or even conscious of what was going on. As far as Finn had been able to observe, the Enforcer was both far too preoccupied with something else to be paying full attention to him and becoming increasingly annoyed by the officer's efforts. What possible motive he had in leaving Finn responsible for the city, however, was something he could not fathom and that the officer had obviously taken personally. The instant Finn had stepped away from the TIE’s launching ramp after seeing Rey’s fighter following the rest of the TIE group, he had been hit by a less than friendly ‘Your orders?’ coming from the Sergeant. It had taken almost a day and the recapture of nearly all of the enemy held anti-aircraft positions for the ‘Sir’ to reappear in the officer’s vocabulary. Finn had chosen to take that as a positive sign. It was the only one he had, since he really did believe he was leaving a rather poor impression of himself. I’m a far better soldier than this. He had been a hell of a good soldier in the Resistance. He knew how to lead and there was no way of refuting that when Phasma herself had kept picking him for the command position during training. One look at the white helmet and red shoulder blade of the officer, however, and, somehow, all of that amounted to nothing. I have to calm myself. He did wonder how the true Nephys would be behaving, what he would do in his position. More than that, he wondered what the hell had happened to him and where he was. The last thing he wanted was for the Knight he was impersonating to appear in front of him. I can already imagine it: the double take, ensuing murder over identity theft... Finn shook his head, stepping away from his fears and into the blindly white elevator both he and the Sergeant had been making their way towards. “How long until we have the surveillance footage?” he asked as it started descending. “Whoever was on that transport—“ “We will have their identities, Sir.” That didn’t answer my question, Finn thought. There seemed to be something broken between his mind and his mouth stopping him from saying it out loud, however. Instead, feeling the elevator stop at the atrium, he found himself asking: “Did we inform the Governor about this?” “No, Sir, we—” A pause whilst the door opened and then, in an extremely displeased voice, “Permission to speak freely.” “Yes?” “Someone did.” Finn turned his eyes to the large atrium, attention going first to the large glass wall over and around the door and then to the shrubs aligned at both sides of the path leading to the entry. A second later, a tall elderly man came into his line of sight. “There’s no one?” Calrissian’s voice echoed in the high ceiling, multiplying into thousands as the Governor, now dressed in brown, a beige cape flapping behind, joined them, two soldiers flanking him. “Have you searched the building?” “Governor.” Finn saluted, seeing the Sergeant’s shoulders tensing as he tried to find a safe enough middle ground between what the officer was obviously seeing as someone questioning his competence—again—and the Governor’s need for information. “Have you been briefed?” “I have been informed that a ship was seen flying over the business area,” Calrissian began, looking over the atrium and then at Finn with a deep frown. “That it opened fire against this building before making its way inside. There are also reports of an undetermined amount of passengers leaving the crash site, but not the building.” Finn felt his chin drop. This man knows more than us. That was something that also hadn’t gone unnoticed by the Sergeant. “How?” he inquired, suspiciously. “This is my city,” Calrissian simply said, his voice calm, cautious. “More importantly, there are some breaches on the perimeter you might want to take into account. Mostly service corridors no longer in the blueprints and—” “I advise you to keep away from the Order’s military operations, Governor.” “This is my city, Sergeant,” he repeated, politely, eyes settling on the white helmet. “If I say there are breaches in the perimeter, you would do well to listen.” “This city belongs to the Order, Governor, consider that before—” Finn raised one hand, his imperious gesture silencing both the men with such speed he actually found himself thanking his incredulity for making him act completely against his nature. “You’re willing to share the location of these service corridors?” he inquired, the question filled with more curiosity than actual desire for information. Calrissian raised an eyebrow at the question, looking almost surprised by it, then nodded. Finn felt absolutely dumbstruck. “With the Order?” “If it pleases you.” This makes no sense. “It would.” It would also please me to know what the hell is going on! It wasn’t the first time that thought had popped into his mind. In fact, it had taken center stage from the instant he had recognized the elder. He knew of Lando Calrissian. How could he not? History as taught by the Order was mostly used for propaganda purposes and, that being the case, was unsurprisingly partial. Even if the amount of cherry picking used to polish the Empire’s image, actions, and ideology into a highly sanitized version of what had happened had shocked him—he had never dreamed it would be as extensive as it had proven to be when he left the Order—that wasn’t saying he hadn’t suspected something was off with the Order’s version of history. If one paid attention—or better yet, didn’t zone out during instruction like Nines had—there were things that really didn’t make sense, facts that didn’t connect, war actions that seemed to contradict each other, and people that one would think had a lot more to gain by siding with the Empire who had instead joined the Resistance. Calrissian’s position in particular had been extremely confusing, even if not as bizarre as it was proving to be now. The man was an Alliance War Hero and yet, here he was, alive when he should have been killed, free when he should have been jailed, working with the Order, feeding it information, running down the local Resistance cell in a far more merciless way than even the Order was. As much as Finn had believed him to be playing double agent when first coming face to face with him—he had been absolutely exhilarated, thinking that against all odds he and Rey had found an ally—now he was not so sure, and the longer he interacted with Calrissian the less sure he was. This man is a Resistance Hero, Finn reminded himself, studying the Governor as the wrinkles around his eyes deepened as the man frowned at the detailed holographic blueprint of his city the Sergeant had turned on and he started sharing the location of the entryways to the old service tunnels. He fought against the Empire. He was at the second Death Star. He can’t be siding with the Order. “A word of advice before you put your soldiers inside,” Calrissian said, stopping himself midway through his explanation to face Finn. “The structure is a maze; there might be better options than searching the interior.” “We seal it,” the Sergeant offered, indifferently, but still sounding suspicious. “Or you can have it gassed.” “That could take days,” the officer retorted, not caring enough to hide his displeasure. “A simple precaution, Sergeant.” Calrissian’s eyes had turned cold, so much so, in fact, that Finn found himself swallowing hard. People don’t change this much, do they? No one could possibly go from fighting the Empire to being this close to its ideological heir in thirty or so years, could they? He has to know what the Order is ! Even so, whatever his side, Finn found himself not only admiring Calrissian, but wishing he had even half the Governor’s confidence. With no allies and surrounded by troops that were either suspicious or downright hostile towards him, he still behaved like he was the one in charge. “Your preference, Sir?” the Sergeant asked, breaking the flow of Finn’s thoughts. “Seal it,” Finn said, giving thanks once again for how distorted his voice was. He really had no love for helmets, had had enough of them after being forced under one for half his life, but he was truly beginning to love the distorter. He might not feel any confidence whatsoever, but that thing had it for him. “Put all accesses under surveillance until the operation is finished.” “Sir.” “Any other recommendations, Governor?” Calrissian made an affirmative gesture with his head. “Might I point your attention towards…” Finn found himself not listening. Some strange system in the helmet’s visor had turned on, silently directing his attention towards a dark corner leading to the emergency access behind the lift. Not turning his head, hands closing tightly over his weapon, Finn followed the warning with his eyes, stomach twisting as he saw a group of humanoid figures amidst the shadows. “A stray.” A what? “There’s a stray.” The unknown voice seemed to be echoing inside the helmet, cold and hostile. He could see weapons drawn, the unmistakable signs of aggression, and yet they remained hidden, observing, apparently not conscious of being stalked themselves. There was hesitation. They hesitated. I found the ship's crew. And whoever they were, one thing was certain, they weren’t stormtroopers. He had but to look at them, at the way they stood, to know that. “Hostiles at 8 o’clock,” Finn whispered, not taking his attention away from the group even as he saw the Sergeant discreetly moving his trigger hand, clearly signaling the soldiers flanking Lando Calrissian to take offensive positions. “Confirm visual.” “Confirmed.” The Sergeant’s voice was even lower than his. Finn took a deep, steadying breath, unconsciously letting the officer yet again take charge. “On my command.” Finn would never know who moved first, only that the instant they started firing the unknown group had stepped out of the shadows. They approached fast, two of them falling behind to cover their colleague as she charged, evading the barrage of blasts or intercepting them with staffs that couldn’t look more different from the one Rey used and still be called staffs. They were far longer and thinner, ending in a sharp edge that seemed to be electrified. If that thing reaches us… It ceased to be an ‘if’ in about a second. One of the attackers giving her cover threw something in Finn’s direction, a round looking object that opened the instant it hit the ground, making the air fill with a disorienting high pitched noise that nearly caused Finn to drop his weapon and rip the helmet off of his head to cover his ears. The woman ran past him, twisting the sharpened staff in a wide ark that caught one of the soldiers in the throat, blaster fire from her group catching the second soldier in the chest. Turning to fire, Finn saw Lando Calrissian being spared a deathly strike as the second soldier’s dead weight sent him to the ground. The attack, however, still found a target, cutting right through the Sergeant’s arm plate, splattering blood all over the white protections. An instant later, he was caught in his side by a blaster shot. It was as if the world had stopped, time slowing as the armored figure fell, knees hitting the ground before the rest of his body did. In that moment, Finn, head still ringing, was no longer seeing the officer; he was seeing Slip and he was back in Jakku, amidst the flames, back to back with him, hearing an abnormally close shot hit something, turning to discover that his friend was dying. Only this time, instead of freezing him, the shock put him on the offensive. He was firing against the woman before he even had time to think about what had happened or what he was doing. It was from the very first instant a bad move. The first shot grazed her shoulder, making her drop her weapon. Then, turning to him with an expression of hatred that only fell short of competing with the one Kylo Ren had given him while in Starkiller’s oscillator room, she picked up the weapon, throwing herself at him. The attack was brutal. Having once been hit by Rey’s staff and, in a far more unpleasant memory, by Ren’s lightsaber, Finn had long decided to keep as far away as possible from anyone wielding anything of the sort. It took about three seconds to remember exactly why. The staff swung in a rapid up-down movement, hitting not him but his weapon as he tried to get a clear shot at her. The next instant, his weapon had choked, refusing to fire, forcing him to use it as a sort of shield when the staff twirled and its sharpened end tried to reach for his throat time and time again. Finn clenched his teeth. He couldn’t survive her attack for long, not while being forced to defend himself with a weapon that was never intended for close quarters combat and that was far heavier than any blaster he had ever wielded. What was infuriating, however, wasn’t that he knew he had to find a solution to get out of the current situation and wasn’t seeing one, but that she wasn’t that good—she wasn’t Ren. If he had Skywalker’s lightsaber with him—! She kicked him in the stomach, throwing him down, and using the momentum to swing the staff behind her back and intercept a bluish blast aimed for her head. Hitting the floor hard, Finn felt a strange sense of victory, his eyes going to the place where Lando Calrissian was lying, one of the dead soldier’s blasters in his hands. That had been a disruptor shot. The electric field around the staff collapsed. Finn didn’t wait a second longer to jump to his feet, rapidly advancing towards the woman, not willing to let her take the offensive again, only to see her raise her hand, followed by Calrissian being dragged across the atrium by one of the flower pots. Oh, come on! Not this! It was hell. Revealing what she was seemingly meant all gloves were off. The reason she wasn’t all that impressive with the staff was revealed in about a second—the thing was a defensive weapon. Her attack of choice was the Force. You must be joking! Everything was moving—ripped shrubs being throw his way, large flower pots coming from every side—making Finn jump over them as he ran, trying to lead her attention away from the place the Sergeant his mind believed was Slip was, trying to reach the rest of her group, the only place where he could get a weapon and the only thing remotely similar to safety that could be found on the atrium. Or, at least, so he thought. Finn threw himself to the ground, evading by inches the absolutely monstrous reception desk thrown his way, only to see both of the unknown men jump away from it as it tumbled down in their direction. “Rhyase!” the taller of the duo, an extremely muscular man supporting a large scar that had cost him one eye, shouted. “Stop!” Either she didn’t hear or she didn’t care. The third member of the group, a tall man with a round, young face Finn could have sworn he had once seen on the Finalizer , was throwing away the weapon he had been using until now, taking out two pistols from his belt and pointing them at Finn. Before he could shoot, his expression changed, eyes rising to the ceiling as a menacing groan filled the atrium. “Lyr!” he shouted, and Finn could have swore that for a moment his face changed, turning lizard like. “Up!” His colleague didn’t even look, raising both his arms and collapsing to one knee as one of the atrium's huge candelabras fell on top of the three of them and stopped just a few meters before it could crush them against the floor. All the while, Finn didn’t stop running, attention focused on the weapon his attacker had discarded, bent on claiming it. He jumped out of range of the candelabra. The third element of the group mimicked him, diving away from the candelabra and right onto Finn's back. They collapsed to the floor, something slippery making contact with the back of Finn’s neck and leaving him completely paralyzed. He could see the man named Lyr tossing the candelabra aside, making his way to where Finn was being rolled onto his back and pinned to the ground. “Back, Essen!” And now she too was there, standing over him, raising the sharpened end of her staff, aiming it towards Finn’s unprotected throat. Before she could stab him, though, Lyr's hand closed around her wrist. For a moment, they did little else than face each other, then Rhyase's dark, almond shaped eyes turned to the wall of glass behind her. Something strange went through her expression as she looked past it and then, abruptly and incomprehensively, she stepped back. All of them did. What the…? It took several moments before Finn was able to move again. When he could, they were gone and Lando Calrissian, limping but otherwise miraculously unscathed, had somehow managed to liberate himself from the gigantic flower pot, stopping next to Finn as he forced himself into a sitting position. “Who was that?” the Governor asked, blaster still in hand. Hell if I know. Not that a rather disturbing hypothesis about the provenience of at least two clearly trained Force sensitives wasn’t already setting in his mind. This day just keeps getting better and better. “Raise the alarm, report—” Finn didn’t finish, his eyes had found the three fallen stormtroopers. One of them was moving, taking off his helmet, checking the bleeding wounds on his abdomen and arm as he did so. Slip. Finn forced himself to his feet, having to almost drag his still reluctant legs towards his friend. “Slip, are you—?” He stretched his arm out to help him stand, relief washing over him as the stormtrooper began turning to him and—the illusion shattered; he remembered. Slip died. And the brown skinned, dark eyed man staring in confusion at his offer for help—his fingers still pressing the wound in his limp arm—couldn’t have looked less like him. He was older, some ten years older than Slip would ever be. He was an officer. He was a stranger. Finn stepped back, feigning indifference as he let his hand fall, looking at just about everything in the half destroyed atrium, whilst fighting to keep his attention away from the people there. His mind was screaming at itself. I saw Slip dying. What’s wrong with me?! His attention went over the broken candelabra, vaguely acknowledging the dirt covered floor, and then going over the ripped shrubs. It finally set on the glass wall, resting on the bit of dark sky visible between the skyscrapers. He could see the stars, they were— His stomach fell. “Sergeant, gather the soldiers.” Checking his two dead subordinates’ pulses, the Sergeant turned his still uncovered face to Finn. “Sir?” “All of them. Quick.” Calrissian, now joining them, looked around. “What—?” Finn pointed his attention up, mind filling so quickly with defensive battle tactics that he couldn’t remember anything but stormtrooper jargon with which to answer the Governor. “The sky is falling.” Chapter 26 : The Scavenger Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The Scavenger “Noticed some valuables missing, Ren? Or should I make an inventory?” The question had come from their left, echoing down the empty corridor as its speaker—a tall slim man with flaming red hair—turned the corner, blue eyes rising from the screen he had been reading to look disdainfully first at Ren and then at her. “I will refrain from asking were you got this one,” he said, signaling to her with one hand. To their left, a stormtrooper patrol stopped, raising their arms to salute them. “Considering the rate at which you are losing constituents, it won’t take long for me to see the back of her as well.” “Speaking from personal experience, General?” Ren’s voice was dangerously low, his already dark mood souring further as the General talked. Even so a slight trace of what sounded a lot like humor to Rey’s ears was clear in his voice, twisting around the words in such a way that it seemed that was all they were made of. There couldn’t be anything further from the truth. Anger was what Ren’s words were made of, what he himself seemed to be riding on, and if getting under the General’s skin was what he desired, he had succeeded. Hux’s collected expression collapsed, lips pursing in fury as they all stopped next to a door and his gloved fingers flew over the security pad. The door slid into the wall, lights turning on as the three of them went down a long flight of stairs and finally stepped inside a circular briefing room with dark walls and mirrored floor. “Blueprints. DCF-98,” Hux called, a low electric hum filling the room at his command. A second later, the holographic display in the center of the tactical table had come to life, drawing Cloud City’s easily recognizable outline as it loaded. “I better have something useful with which to work this time, Ren. If you brought back something akin to that scavenger…” Rey slowly turned her back on him, stepping away from the increasingly hostile atmosphere settling between the two men as discreetly as she could and moving towards the only point of interest in the briefing room: the observational window running all around it. ‘If you brought back something akin to that scavenger…’ the General had said. Studying him through the glass reflection, she felt like cringing. If he only knew… Her attention didn’t stay on Hux for long, however. In an instant, her eyes had been captured by the green planet under her and by the absolutely gigantic triangular frame expanding both over and under her—the briefing room apparently overseeing a mainly hollow section of the warship’s bow. All around, her small dots of color could be seen slowly maneuvering to dock with the large warship. The closest of them, a red tug, was turning slowly to grab hold of a solid section of the warship’s underbelly. As much as the tugs’ maneuvering interested her, Rey’s attention was as far away from them as it could possibly be.Thoughts of Cloud City, the missing Knights, and Finn were clamoringin her mind to the point she could feel nothing but anxiety for her friend and anger at both herself and Ren. He did this on purpose. The conversation—for the lack of a better term—she had had with him in the Visitor’s Quarters replaying itself over and over again in her mind, Rey tried to focus on the red tug, only to find herself cursing Ren seconds later. Even if she still couldn’t make head or tails of the cryptic way he had talked about repercussions, of one thing she was certain: he had planned this. This was his doing. This was what he wanted. We should have stayed together. That above all things was crushing her with guilt. She and Finn had no allies here, no one else in whom to trust besides each other. She should never have allowed anything to get them separated. She should have sent Ren’s orders to hell and turned the TIE back. “We agreed to this, Rey,” Finn had retorted when she voiced her concerns, and she could see him as he had been, covered in the black Knights’ garments and standing at the base of the TIE’s access path. His head was following one of the ships as it went down the launching ramp. “This is who we are now.” He had made a gesture towards the clothes. “Knights. See you in a few days.” He seemed so certain of that. She, on the other hand, wasn’t. What if they didn’t see each other? What if he died? What if…? If If she wasn’t so worried, she might actually be paying attention to the discussion happening right behind her. If she wasn’t so angry, she would be trying to understand the power dynamic that underlined the discussion. Instead, she could hardly maintain a single line of thought, though it wasn't as if the way the two men were trying to rip each other’s throats out was something she could miss. She also didn’t miss what their interaction truly stood for. This wasn’t a simple argument. It was a power struggle and, for the life of her, she couldn’t understand why Ren, who could so obviously physically assert himself, was not doing so, and was instead choosing to pace around the room, his robes rustling behind him, all the while locked in a verbal spar with the General. “What I see here, General, is them going well over their heads to steal a ship,” he was now saying, whatever had lead to those words lost to her. “Considering how much pride you take in your weaponry, one would think you more than capable of stopping them.” “I was forced to run a full system restart while your Knights’ happy attempt at blowing up the main hangar just about failed to set fire to the rest of my ship,” Hux retorted, eyes gleaming with anger. “Care to explain the reason for the failure of your Force abilities when dealing with the rather large rat presently crawling around the Finalizer ’s conducts?” Ren’s response was silenced by a loud metallic screech. Her attention flying back to the tugs, Rey felt like cringing at the way the red one to her left was trying to dock with the warship, its central axis rotating, the approach angle completely wrong. That won’t—! It hit the fuselage, colliding violently against it and then, with something akin to an electric explosion, slid back, crushing one of the many circular devices that ran in a large square matrix across the Finalizer ’s hull. In about a second, Hux had materialized at her side, eyes hardening at the ripples going through the suddenly visible shields. He raised his wrist, speaking into a communicator. “Lieutenant, have the TIE’s repeat my previous warning about the shield distributors to the tugs. I want what’s left of my ship int—” The tug was trying to dock again, approaching the warship at the exact same angle that had made it crash into it the first time, only at a much faster pace. Rey grimaced as it once again hit the fuselage. This time the screeching echoed throughout the warship, filling the briefing room with a loud high pitched shriek. “Lieutenant, make it clear that one more failed landing will result in the ship being used for target practice.” A long line of cannons turned immediately, clearly making the tug into a target. The smaller ship stopped moving, fearfully floating under the section of hull it was trying to dock with until a TIE patrol appeared. Hux waited until the exchange was over to turn his back on the window. As if reacting to that, the cannons turned outwards again, seemingly becoming uninterested in the tug. Even so it was obvious that had been no idle threat. Rey could see it in the General’s eyes, he meant it. He would fire. I preferred Poe’s Hux. Remembering the pilot’s jokes about the Order’s General was one of those things that would always make her laugh. She had never met someone with the nerve to do something like that. There wasn’t anybody on Jakku that would even think of mocking Unkar Plutt, no one that would dare utter a word against his trade prices and constant meddling with payments, much less go around pretending to be him so publicly and with such mocking tones. In Jakku, the one who held food held power and Plutt had know quite well how to use both the very real danger of starvation and brute force to keep everyone toeing the line. The furthest anyone had gone whilst rebelling against him was by calling him The Blobfish and, well, she had probably completely lost her mind and good sense with BB8, but other than that people kept their heads down. Despite that, she had to admit that whilst laughing at Poe’s performance, she had been imagining his General Hux as looking like a human version of Unkar Plutt. Laughing at him had been releasing in a way that knowing Plutt dead, seeing him dead, hadn’t been. It had made her see how profoundly ridiculous the junk boss had been. It had taken a huge weight off her. But at the same time it couldn’t have put her farther away from the truth. There was nothing, not even the slightest trace of Unkar Plutt, in the General. He didn’t look anything like what she had imagined. And who does? Rey rolled her eyes at that. She probably should have stopped trying to give faces to people after the ‘creature in a mask’ fiasco with Ren. She had been so sure that the provocation would throw him off balance, that there was something under that helmet he didn’t wish to show, that he was hiding something. Well, she had been right. He sure as hell was hiding something, just not what she thought he was and, instead of throwing him off balance, she had ended up doing that to herself. Genius, Rey. At least the General wasn’t exactly a shock. She hadn’t truly been expecting him to look like Unkar Plutt or act like Poe had said. It was more a question of demeanor. She had expected some snarling, spitting zealot, someone visibly insane and, well, if he was any of those things, he certainly didn’t show it. He didn’t show it at all. A soft knock on the door, followed by rapid footsteps going down the stairs made all of them turn to face the same tall blonde woman both she and Ren had come face to face with upon arrival. “The hangar is secure, Sir,” she announced, approaching the table with long strides. “The soldiers are presently trying to ascertain how the Knight was able to disappear from the hangar, but given the level of destruction on the inside I fear we will have little to no success.” Hux gave her a slight nod, signaling one of the chairs to his right with one hand as he did so. With a rapid glance in Rey’s direction, the woman followed his instructions. Even so she didn’t sit, choosing to stand behind the chair, eyes going up and down Cloud City’s holographic blueprints in the center of the tactical table. “How did you find DCF-98, Sir?” she asked, turning towards Ren as the display zoomed in, showing the city’s ground level. “Not to my satisfaction, Captain.” And just like that Rey was back at Finn, at being worried for his safety, at feeling increasingly angry. There wasn’t anything she wished more than to run out the briefing room door that very moment, grab a TIE or a shuttle or anything that could take her back, and yet, here she was, listening to the three people behind her as they talked, unable to do anything, stuck on the Finalizer , having to wait until the tugs took it to lightspeed and, as unfair as it was, suddenly becoming furious with Luke Skywalker. This isn’t his fault , a calmer part of her tried to remind her. He has nothing to do with this. She didn’t care. Her temper was boiling and, at that moment, Ach-Too, Master Luke and his so called ‘instruction’ were the only things she could see clearly. Meditation. That was all he had ever made her do, the only thing he had ever shown an interest in teaching, and what was that good for? Now that she needed something to rely on, now that she needed the Force, she had nothing, she knew nothing besides sitting and meditating. And what does that even help me with?! Nothing. The answer was nothing. Absolutely nothing. I could have learned that alone! Fists trembling, Rey made herself face the reflections of the three people behind her in the viewport, their voices coming slowly back into focus as she attempted to calm down. “The Finalizer can provide suppressive fire upon arrival, but you will have to make do without orbital support once on the ground, Captain.” The General was saying, his expression deeply pensive. He was the only one of the group who had chosen to sit. “And with less than that once it’s docked for repairs.” “Any suggestions, Sir?” “First stage should guarantee control over the dock, military headquarters and as many of the anti-aircraft batteries as possible. Regaining control over the sky is essential.” The Captain large blue eyes were going over a series of blinking red dots on the hologram, her expression showing little more than mild interest even as she again spoke. “With the situation the Commander described and this layout we will be facing an attrition war,” she pointed out, seemingly unfazed by such a proposition. “It will take weeks.” “There are tunnels,” Ren informed her, stopping his pacing long enough to look at the hologram. “The Governor is sufficiently cooperative.” The Captain frowned slightly, giving Ren a short nod and again turning to Hux. “I will manage, Sir.” “About the Resistance headquarters—” Rey turned her attention away from them again, vaguely conscious of Hux’s voice as she focused on the sea of clouds breaking the planet’s green. The minute we return, the Resistance forces in Cloud City will be slaughtered. If it wasn’t for Finn, she would be wishing beyond all hope that the tugs would prove incapable of taking the Finalizer to Cloud City, that the Order would have to abandon ship and crawl to whatever hole it had come out of, defeated. Instead she was left feeling torn. There is no winning this. If she could at least know he was alright... Rey looked at her own reflection, fingers softly knocking on the glass as she thought, eyes set on the black visor and squares covering her face. Finally, she took a deep, steadying breath and closed her eyes, focusing on the Force. Immediately, the Finalizer lit up around her, hundreds of presences coming together to form what seemed to be a huge star. Slowly, hitting mental walls all the way, Rey was able to make sense of them, turning the huge mass into individual lights as she tried to get the Force to answer her needs. She could ‘see’ the three people behind her, sense the strange way in which one of them stood apart from the others, the way the Force flown around him, before she forced herself to look away from them and then further. She could sense the Finalizer ’s crew around her, and then the people inside the tugs. She could sense— She shivered, feeling something empty coming her way—or maybe it was she that was going its way, she had no way of knowing—and almost snapped her eyes open in shock at how that felt. It’s pulsing. I can feel it pulsing. It felt wrong, a slit of nothingness the Force couldn’t touch. It was like a void. Like… Death. She wanted to run, to get away from it as quickly as possible, and then she remembered Finn. She had to find Finn. How? The individual presences around her were becoming clearer the longer she focused. If she could sense them that clearly, there had to be a way to find him. I need a path. And she felt there were paths, they were all around her, waiting to take her further than that system, towards the distant echoes of life, towards the stars. If she only could reach them… There has to be a way. Her mind was tripping over everything as she tried to find it. Nevertheless, sometimes she could swear some of the distant lights were becoming closer, but the instant she tried to listen they disappeared. And there are billions. She felt like panicking at that. I don’t even know where to look. Even so, she tried, reaching out even if that meant stumbling all the way and getting the same results time and time again. Silence and more silence. She couldn’t find Finn. She couldn’t go further than that system. I don’t even know if it is possible. Rey opened her eyes, unwilling to accept defeat but defeated all the same. Around her, the lights were out. The room quiet. They left. How long had it been? How long had she been lost in the Force? She looked down. The green planet was no longer visible from the window; there was nothing in front of her other than the deep emptiness of space. We are moving. Rey took off the helmet, pulling the lose strands of hair away from her face as she looked around for the red tug and found it safely docked to the warship. It was a small comfort, even if not the one she had been looking for. “You are upset.” The voice came from behind her, making her turn brusquely, one hand on her staff, vision fixing onto the dark masked figure of Ren. He had turned the closest chair towards her and, judging by his position—leaning forwards, arms resting on his legs, the lightsaber hilt distractingly turning on his hands—the answer to her question about how long she had been focusing on the Force was hours. She had been lost in the Force for hours . Her eyes set on the helmet’s silver inlay. He wasn’t looking her way, attention fixed on the cross-shaped hilt as it turned. Even so, she felt she had seen this all before. This was disturbingly like that time at Starkiller, waking up to find she wasn’t alone, that for some strange reason he had chosen to stay there and— What the hell has he been doing this entire time?! Actually, Rey didn’t care. She was turning to leave, mind set on getting to the door and then beyond it, to put as much distance as she could between herself and Ren, to get away from him even if he—and her anger at him—was the only distraction she had from being worried sick over Finn. “I must admit your loyalty towards people you barely know is admirable.” Rey kept walking, intent on ignoring him, only to find herself stopping at his next words. “You will be happy to know FN-2187 is alive.” Rey didn’t turn, but neither did she leave, simply standing there unable to decide on what to do as he once again spoke. “You believe I’m lying to spare you an unpleasant truth?” Rey turned to him at that, finding the deep darkness hiding his eyes now on her and staring defiantly into it. His head tilted at that, lightsaber turning. Always turning. “Rest assured that I have neither intention nor desire to see any harm come to him.” Ren’s voice was becoming more distant the longer he spoke, echoing as if it had to cross a huge distance to get to her, and, out of nowhere, it was snowing. Snowflakes were falling at a steady pace between her and him, covering the Finalizer ’s dark floor. It took Rey a moment to understand where she was, that she was back in Starkiller’s dead, frozen forest, anger exploding from inside her as she turned, sending her attacker’s weapon flying halfway across the battlefield, left fist raising to hit— Finn! It was Finn. And she was the one with the lightsaber, she was the one attacking him, she was ripping his back open—it was happening again. She was Ren. She was Ren and his voice was all around her, echoing in the dead forest as she sent Finn crashing into the frozen floor. “I had several opportunities to kill FN-2187,” he said as Finn lay, unmoving, at her feet. “If I wished him dead, he would be.” And at that, it all disappeared. Rey was back in the dark briefing room, unable to come up with a satisfying answer as to what had happened, all the while trying to convince herself she hadn’t just almost killed her friend, that he was alright, that he had been alright after— Ren’s voice broke the silence, an edge, that same darkness from before, an emotion she could not name, filling his voice. “What did he do to earn this much devotion?” Rey’s expression hardened, eyes becoming harsher the longer she looked at Ren. “You had nothing to do with that.” Rey could have sworn she felt his gaze bore into her eyes at those words. Immediately, instinctively, she dived inwards, preparing to defend herself from his probing, swearing she would pull her lightsaber on him if he even dared approach her mind, but it never came. She knew by his next words what he must be doing and yet she could not find him, she could not sense him, that distinctive presence she had once felt in her mind wasn’t there. She knew what he must be doing, only he wasn’t. “He came back.” Rey could hear it, even with the distorter completely destroying his voice. He was talking again like he understood and she hated him for that. She hated him for the deceit. For the lie. “I don’t know how you did that,” Rey practically growled, not taking her eyes away from the dark mask. “But you will get out of my mind. Now.” Silence. Then, dropping his eyes, Ren lifted one hand to the helmet, placing it in such a way that, for a moment, she thought he was removing the odious thing. Instead, he pressed something on the inside. In that same instant, his voice changed. “Can you sense it?” he inquired, and it was his voice, that calm, rich voice. “It is pulsing, twisting, pulling against the Force as it tries to fight it.” He contemplated the lightsaber for an instant. “An emptiness.” Rey looked instinctively back, towards the place she knew that void, that thing she had felt earlier, was and then back at Ren. “You can sense it.” He stood up, walking towards the window as he spoke. “It’s called a rift. It is a wound in the Force. It’s a common find at battlefields or at any place that has experienced a high number of deaths or long suffering.” A pause and then on a quieter note: “This one will heal.” “This one?” Rey snapped her mouth shut. That had been her voice. “There are several well documented rifts in the galaxy,” Ren answered, falling into a military stance as he looked to the stars. “Some of them have been festering for millennia. Others are as recent as this war. Many more, on account of who created them, you won’t hear anyone acknowledge.” The ‘why?’ was on the tip of her tongue. This time, however, Rey managed to remain silent, to look the other way, all the while wishing she could slap some sense into herself and stop paying attention. “Death causes rifts. You can find their echoes in the Force; they survive long after the memory of life does. They survive even after the rift which created them is healed.” He turned his head to her at that. “Earlier you tried to reach out through the Force in search of a presence, a flame amongst billions. With appropriate training, it is indeed possible. I find, however, that it’s easier to listen for the moment the flame is extinguished.” There must have been something in her expression for his voice turned softer. “I said easier, not comforting.” His head tilted as he studied her. “You still don’t believe me.” “Why would you be listening? You don’t care about Finn.” “You’re right,” he conceded. “For him, I don’t.” “This plan of yours, then,” Rey retorted, coldly. “Figures.” She kept her gaze on him despite that, trying to see passed the dark visor as too many questions started piling up in her mind and she was forced to push them down. They could wait. She wouldn’t ask him . It didn’t matter how much she wished to know the answers, she didn’t need him, she had— “Skywalker,” Ren interupted, sounding as if he had heard her thinking. “You found him? You—” He stopped, whatever had been building in his voice crashing with his next words. “You choose him.” He sounded hurt. “Did he agree to train you?” Why the hell did he sound hurt?! “Is mind reading suddenly failing you?” Rey wanted to kick herself for saying that. She wanted to kick herself even harder when that provocation made him take a long step towards her and stare right into her eyes. He was close. He was too damn close. “Did he agree to train you?” he repeated softly, and Rey waited. She waited to sense his mental tendrils burst forward, she waited to throw him out of her mind, to make him taste his own medicine. She waited and waited until his next question made her feel like someone had taken the floor from under her. “How many times did he refuse?” It all came crashing into her at that. Ach-Too. Master Luke. Her request. His words… “What reason did he give that so deeply injured you?” She should look away from him. She should leave. And yet… “What made him change his mind?” She was still here. “Did he share his Jedi knowledge with you?” A shiver went over her spine at those words and, as if he had sensed her discomfort, Ren fell silent, breaking eye contact, stepping away, thinking. “A Jedi…” There was a strange note in his voice, something thoughtful, something that sounded a lot like doubt. Only, that doubt didn’t sound like it was his. “Curious.” Don’t take the bait. Don’t take the bait, Rey. “What’s curious?” An alarm broke over them, a low deep ‘haruuuuuuuuu’ making them look around as a cool deep female voice started echoing outside the briefing room. “All crew to their stations. Repeat all crew to their stations. Prepare for lightspeed.” Ren took his place next to the observational window again, attention set on the darkness. “What’s curious?” Rey insisted, talking to his back. “Do you wish to become a Jedi?” he inquired, not looking her way. “Yes!” She hadn’t hesitated. Her voice held nothing but hard set resolution, and yet the very thing she had been trying her hardest to push out of her mind was making its way back up again. It was all coming back. Rey raised her eyes to find Kylo Ren looking at her, that strange kind of pity with which he had once looked at her on Starkiller touching his voice as the darkness behind him started to change, star trails turning into blinding light. “Strange. It feels nothing like it.” Notes: Madame Windcage subsists entirely off of plotting and comments. Please help her out with the later. - DD