He doesn’t need to open a bakery. It’s not as though he needs the money, and the neighbourhood is already crawling with independent coffee shops and cafes, so the last thing it needs is another. But boredom led to a path he’d rather not tread down, and when Phasma finally decided that policing really wasn’t for her, they sat down and looked at their options. They joked about a bakery, then his father got wind of it and threw a colossal shit fit over it, which sealed the deal. A few weeks to put together a business plan, a small loan, mostly for the sake of it, and they found the shop front easily enough. Then they just had to find some staff. Phasma runs the front of house. It turns out she’s a whiz with an espresso machine, and people actually like her, which suits Hux just fine. He’s happier in the kitchen where he doesn’t have to listen to screeching chairs on the floor and small children running around, getting their sticky hands all over the glass of the display counter. Thanisson is competent. That’s about as much as Hux can say about him. Phasma picks him seemingly at random from the pile of applications they get for front of house staff. He’s got some experience, a degree in higher mathematics and instantly butts heads with Ren when Ren walks in for an interview (Hux’s hiring practices are a little more in depth than Phasma’s). Ren’s references are dubious, his personality is appalling, but he’s got the qualifications, and after letting him loose in the kitchen for an afternoon, the skill. Some checking around gives Hux the impression of anger issues and possible substance abuse in his past, but honestly, it’s the reference from Snoke that has him most worried (there are reasons he and his father don’t speak unless they have to anymore, places in Hux’s own mind that he avoids, invitations that are thrown away without being opened). Probably against Hux’s better judgement, he gets the job, and apart from the constant bitching at and about Thanisson, it’s all good. At least for a while. Hux comes in one morning, slightly later than he’d planned after a night of screaming arguments with his mother and father over the phone about their apparent decision to come and visit with no fucking warning, to find Ren holding their delivery man up against a wall by his shirt. Ren looks like he’s about to burst a blood vessel and the delivery man looks more irritated than terrified. “REN!” Hux snaps, striding over and making sure his boots strike the ground as hard as he can. He wants to be heard over the low rumble of the delivery van. “Put him down.” Both of the other men turn to look at him, the delivery man trying to free himself from Ren’s grasp, and Ren just letting go with one hand, still holding him in place. "Put him down and get that into the stockroom.” He snaps again, stopping a couple of feet away just in case Ren decides to lash out at him. “Half of it’s wrong.” Ren snarls, shoving the delivery guy against the wall again. The delivery guy, Hux thinks his name is Poe, starts to say something but Hux shakes his head sharply and the man apparently does have some sense as he shuts up. “That’s not his fault. Put him down, take the correct items in and I’ll deal with this mess.” Hux wants coffee and a cigarette and to throw Ren’s scrawny arse out onto the pavement, but he can’t. “NOW!” Ren finally acquiesces and drops Poe against the wall before starting to haul bags of sugar and flour into the kitchen. “Sorry man, we’ve got a new supplier and they keep screwing up our orders.” Poe drawls out an apology, rubbing his shoulder. “Nothing’s wrong, we’re just having to substitute in a couple of places.” He holds out the delivery note to Hux, who scowls at it. “We’re going to have to reject some of this,” Hux sighs, “we have requirements here that some of these substitutions won’t meet.” “Not a problem.” Poe looks over at Ren, who is sullenly still hauling stock inside. “You know I’m gonna have to report this?” Hux nods. “I don’t suppose there’s anything I can do to mitigate it?” “Sorry,” Poe shakes his head. Hux just sighs. This week is obviously going to be one of the longer ones of his life. “This is going to take a while, can I at least make you a coffee while you wait for us to sort this out?” “That wouldn’t go amiss.” Poe says with a grin, and follows when Hux leads him past Ren and out to the coffee machine. They don’t talk about it. Actually, they don’t talk, full stop. Hux starts showing up earlier, to make sure he’s definitely the one to take the deliveries, and Ren just squirrels himself away in his corner of the kitchen, doing whatever it is that pastry and confectionery geniuses do. The delivery issues are sorted after a few weeks, and nothing appears to come of Poe’s complaint about Ren’s behaviour. Phasma finally hires someone to replace Thanisson on the front counter after he finds something “more in line with his skill set” and walks out with barely any notice, and things quieten down. The lunchtime rush is finally over, and he’s sloped outside for a cigarette and a mug of what Phasma refers to as heresy coffee; over sweetened and too milky, but still just about coffee. It’s freezing cold outside, as befits March on the east coast, and he’s thinking he should have picked up his jacket before he came outside. He can hear a couple of muffled bangs from inside, but since Ren had been fiddling with some coconuts earlier, he figures it’s nothing to be worried about. Until Phasma bundles out, followed swiftly by Finn, who slams the door behind him. “Who the fuck is manning the till?” Hux snaps when he looks at the two of them, stubbing his cigarette out on the wall and going for the door. “Don’t.” Phasma stops him. “Ren’s having a fucking screaming fit at some old bloke out there.” “And the rest of the customers?” This is the last fucking thing they need, bad press about his staff screaming at people. Finn shakes his head, “All cleared out.” There’s a massive bang from inside and Hux shoves his mug into Phasma’s hands. “If you’re not going to do anything, I’m going to bloody have to.” And hauls the door open. The kitchen is empty, but he can hear shouting from the front area, Ren’s voice raised and sharp, and a lower male voice with a very slight accent. “... better than this place.” Hux’s hand freezes on the door handle; he knows that voice and has put it behind him, knew that Ren was another of the bastard’s old students but didn’t think, didn’t think. “OUT!” He hears Ren roar just as he turns the handle and opens the door. There’s a crash and he sees a chair slam into the floor to the side of an old man, who just turns and looks at Hux with a cold smile. “Ahh, Brendan.” Hux takes a deep breath in through his nose, walks through the wreckage of the several chairs that have been thrown around, past Ren, who is staring at Snoke, hands clenched into fists at his side, and then past Snoke to the door, which he opens with all the calm that he can muster. “I’m afraid I’m going to have to ask you to leave.” Snoke maintains the cold half smile as he walks up to Hux, apparently seeing him was all he really wanted. “It was good to see you again, although I’m sure we’ll be seeing a lot more of each other in the next few months.” He reaches out to pat Hux’s arm, and it’s only because he doesn’t want either man to see him weak that he doesn’t flinch back. “Do send your father my regards, and really, I’d get better control of my staff if I were you.” Then he leaves, and Hux throws the door shut and bolts it, flipping the sign to closed and turning his ire on Ren as he lets out the breath he’d been holding. “What on earth was that all about?” he demands. Ren just stares at him for a second, fists still clenched, then turns away and starts picking up the chairs. “Ren.” Ren keeps ignoring him, looking over the chairs and tables to see what’s broken and what isn’t, and in the end, Hux grabs him by the shoulder and dodges the punch thrown at him. “You’re going to get a buyout offer soon.” Ren tells him, “Don’t take it.” Hux looks confused. “What?” Phasma and Finn stick their head round the door, looking over the front area. Phasma sighs and shakes her head, carrying a dustpan and brush through with her. “Nice going Ren.” “Enough.” Hux snaps, not wanting another fucking argument. “Phasma, make some coffee, Finn, get that glass cleared up, you,” he points to Ren, “sit and explain.” Phasma smiles and heads behind the counter, passing the cleaning equipment over to Finn. Ren looks like he wants to argue, but in the end he slumps in a chair as though the fight is finally going out of him. Hux checks his chair and sits down. “What’s going on?” “First Order coffee is after a branch here, but the town won’t give them permission, so they’re trying to get in through the back door, take over an existing place and turn it into a franchise.” He pulls his hair out of the hairnet and scratches his hands through it, mesmerising Hux for an embarrassing moment. “My uncle got one a few weeks ago, when he turned it down, his place got trashed. And my parents are having problems with suppliers.” Hux narrows his eyes at Ren. “Your uncle?” A cafe getting trashed rang some bells, but he couldn’t place the name or face, “and parents?” Phasma brings them coffee and joins them at the table, Finn warily approaching once the floor is cleared. Eventually they’re all sitting and waiting for Ren, who is now holding his mug so tightly Hux thinks he might crack it, to speak. “So?” Hux prompts. “Right, my uncle runs Rogue Grounds, and my dad owns the delivery company we use,” he looks more than a little sheepish to be admitting this. “Is that why they still deliver after you assaulted one of their drivers?” Phasma asks. Ren just shrugs. “I don’t really talk to them.” Family being the last thing Hux wants to think about right now, he routes the conversation back to buyouts and supplier issues. The basics of it are that First Order wants in on their lucrative little area of the city, but without permission to open a brand new store, they have to take someone over, and of course, this being the kind of place it is, everyone is fighting tooth and nail, so Snoke, because of course it’s fucking Snoke, is resorting to underhanded tactics. “You both trained with him though?” Phasma asks. “He paid for my apprenticeship costs and gave me a job,” Ren shrugs, slurping more of his coffee. “He and my father are old friends, father thought it would do me good, after,” Hux doesn’t elaborate. Phasma knows, the others don’t need to. “Chances are though he’ll be involved somewhere along the line. Probably the legal counsel for all of this.” “Marvellous.” Phasma deadpans. “Aren’t they due a visit soon?” Hux freezes, he’d mostly forgotten. “Next week.” “Well then, we need a plan.” Phasma puts her coffee down and pulls out the monstrosity she calls a phone, apparently looking up something. She’ll tell him if he needs to. “Rey said there’s an action group starting up,” Finn chimes in, raising his own phone off the table “they’re trying to organise a legal defense against this.” Phasma quirks an eyebrow at Hux. “No.” he says sharply. She just shrugs. “I… could go along?” Finn offers. “See what’s what?” Hux nods. Finn is excellent with people in a way that he will never be, and Phasma rarely bothers to be. Ren is scowling into his coffee again. “Right, well it looks like we’re closed for the day.” He looks around. “We’ll finish clearing up and get the prep for tomorrow done, and then,” he pauses, a better man would probably try and do something with his staff, but he’s not really a better man. “Then I’ll see you all tomorrow.” Ren takes the chance to bolt for the kitchen and Finn goes and starts clearing up the counter. “What do we do with the leftovers boss?” he asks, looking at the pastries and cakes still in the display. “Take what you want, better that than it goes to waste.” Hux replies from the table, where Phasma is still staring at him. “Are we going to talk about this?” she asks. Hux sighs and shakes his head. “What is there to talk about? Do you really want to sell out to that, that…” he can’t finish the sentence. “So we’re going to join this little rag tag group of indie cafes and boutique bakeries?” She asks. “We are one of them,” Hux reminds her. “I don’t know. Maybe not, but I won’t give in.” “And when your parents turn up next week?” He shrugs. “Fuck knows.” He hauls himself to his feet, bone weary. “I need to go and get the prep done for tomorrow.” “Talk to Ren.” She calls after him. “Those chairs are coming out of his wages.” Hux just nods wearily and retreats to the kitchen. It’s mid morning and he’s got muffin batter on his forehead and flour all over his hands when his mobile rings in his pocket. He swears and dusts his hands off as well as he can on his apron and fishes it out, not looking at the screen before he answers is, which is a grievous mistake. “Your father’s business trip ended early, so we’ll be driving up tomorrow morning rather than overnight.” His mother tells him, no preamble. “The hotel doesn’t have a room for the extra night, so we’ll need to stay in your spare.” He grinds his teeth. “I have someone staying in there at the moment mother, you can’t, I explained this before.” “Brendan, I’m sure your friend can find a couch to sleep on for one night, we’re your family.” she reminds him, as though she or his father have actually been there for him in the last few years. “No,” he tells her quite firmly, but he knows he’s going to crack. Then the oven alarm goes off and he doesn’t have the hands free to open it, one of them still being covered in batter. “I’m sorry,” he says down the phone, then yells at Ren to unload the oven. “Really dear,” she starts. “No. I have a friend staying with me, you’re going to have to find somewhere else.” He tries to stay firm, “and I’m very sorry, but I have a batch of pastries just out that I need to see to.” He hangs up the phone as he hears her world weary sigh, and wonders why he didn’t go the extra step to get himself disowned all those years ago. It would have been so easy, and so much easier on him now. Ren is dithering with the tray, not sure where to put it, so he shoves his phone back in his pocket and grabs it from the other man, aiming it for one of the vaguely clear surfaces. They’re experimenting with fruit combinations and there seems to be peel and seeds and sauces all over the place. Ren raises an eyebrow, but they’re back to not talking a lot at the moment. Ren’s fit the week before, and the building tension as they wait for Snoke’s offer to come through is upsetting everyone, but the two of them are feeling it the worst. Hux carefully moves the pastries from the tray to a cooling wire and pulls the paper from the tray. “Boss,” Finn ducks into the kitchen, “there’s a meeting at two this afternoon, do you want me to go?” It takes Hux a minute to work out what he’s talking about, but his mind catches up and he nods. “If you don’t mind.” “Cool.” He pauses, “and Rey’s out front, wants to talk to Kylo.” Ren rolls his eyes, hearing his cousin’s name. “Send her round the back, I’m due my break.” he says, and pulls his apron Finn heads back to the shop front and Hux wonders when his business became a fucking soap opera. Notes: Come and hurl abuse at me on tumblr !