First Entry May 11th, 2015 Dear Diary, Ughhhhh!!!!! What I wouldn't give to be in the city pool right now!! It's 103 degrees outside, and as always I'm stuck underneath the hood of a car I have to have fixed and ready to go by tomorrow morning. I actually want to go and shut the garage door so I won't have to see someone in their bathing suit walk by every ten seconds or so. Knowing exactly where they're headed off to. But at the same time, I can't. Not only are we not closed for the day, but the temperatute would no doubt spike at the very least twenty degrees without any air to circulate through. So as I'm forced to continue to watch normal kids smiling with their friends, all chatting together about how they can't wait to get to the pool to cool down...here I stand. All alone in the garage. Not that I'm complaining about my job or anything.I'm very lucky to have it. It's just every once in a while I'd like to know what it feels like to be 'normal'. After I aged out of the foster care system, the last family who I was living with noticed that I was quite handy with tools and when it came to fixing things. The first time they noticed, it was because the pipe underneath the kitchen sink burst while I was doing the dishes. Naturally, I was the first one to try and fix it. The second time, was when one of the bedroom doors wouldn't close properly. Just to get all of the younger kids to go to sleep, I ran to go and fix that one too. But what probably landed me my job was the last thing I can remember fixing around my old foster house. Mr. Luke, the man who's house I had stayed in last, noticed that his tire was flat right before he had to run out and take one of the other kids to their doctors appointment. I was already out in the front yard, keeping an eye on the younger kids, so I walked over to help him. Asking for tool after tool, and helping him replace his tire with a new one, must've really impressed him. "You seem to know your way around quite a few things" he said to me. "It's just something you pick up on after being in so many different places" I said back. I didn't really read too much into it, merely dismissing it as a polite comment. Not that Mr. Luke wasn't a kind man, much 'much' kinder than most of the foster families I managed to land in over the years. But I never thought that that guesture of helping him with his tire would actually give me a shot at, well....life. Once kids in the foster care system age out, it's normally a two way road. Turn to drugs, or turn to things that could land you in jail. I still remember that day so well. I had been dreading it for so long, and I know had I been in the care of someone less kind than Mr. Luke, I would've ended up on the street and stayed there. But, as I was in my room that I shared with four other girls, packing my things, expecting an 'eviction notice' I was only greeted with a simple, "Do you know how to do more than just change a tire?" I turned around, eyeing him with caution. "Well" I began. "I think I know a decent amount about cars actually." Anything that required a motor really. They always seemed to interest me for some reason. Even when I was younger. And once I was started high school, I was always eager to take a shop class, or go to the library to brush up on V6 engines or anything else there was to read about cars. I had even allowed myself to think about pursuing a career as an engineer once or twice. Taking classes for it at some fancy college. But it was only a thought, and thoughts can't pay tuition. "You should go down to my sister and brother-in-laws garage sometime, if you feel like it." He reached into his wallet and produced a wrinkled up, old looking, and faded card. On it read, 'Solo Garage' with two phone numbers next to the names 'Han' and 'Leia.' "They're always so busy and I'm sure they would appreciate any help that they could get." He gently smiled at me before turning to leave the room I was in. Only for a second looking behind me that had my bag with all of my clothes stuffed into it. So before exiting the room, he stopped and looked over his shoulder before saying, "If you're going somewhere, just remember, cerfew is at eleven o'clock" and then walked out. I guess that was his non-chalant way of saying that I wasn't going to be thrown out. I sat back on my bed and breathed a sigh of relief. I had a roof over my head. Even if it was only for a few more months, or weeks, I still had a place to live. Eighteen didn't seem like it was starting off all that bad. The next day I road my bike over to the address on the card to Solo Garage. It was a pretty ordinary looking garage, that wasn't to far away from where I lived, and it was in a pretty decent section of the neighborhood. I walked in the front door, and was greeted with silence. No one was there, so I decided to take a seat and just wait. Maybe twenty seconds later a man walked out of the garage, and into the area that I was waiting in. He looked at me, then turned his head back before yelling, "Ben!" With no answer after a few moments he turned back to me and asked, "Have you been waiting there long?" I shook my head as I went to stand up. "Sorry, my son is supposed to up front, but he's gone missing yet again." He reached in his back pocket and pulled out a red rag to wipe his hands on, then walked behind the counter, and began typing. "So are you the twelve o'clock appointment that's been having transmission problems?" he asked. I shook my head again. "Actually, I'm uhhh..." I just realized that I hadn't thought of what I was going to say. "Well, Mr. Luke Skywalker said to come down, and umm..." well, there goes my chances at getting a job here. "Oh, Luke! I remember my wife saying something about sending an extra pair of hands down here to help out. Leia!" he turned and yelled just as he had done earlier. Not even two seconds later, a short older woman walked out from behind the corner. She looked at me and immediately smiled. I smiled back at her, just by how nice she seemed to appear. That and because I couldn't help but notice the strong resemblance she held to Mr. Luke. "So you must be Rey" she said extending her hand. I placed my hand in hers, and she grabbed onto it with her other hand aswell before shaking it. "The extra help. Huh, he didn't tell me you were such a pretty thing." I could feel my cheeks start to heat up after she said that. "Well, if you'll just follow me" she said. Even though I didn't really need to, because she hadn't let my hand go. All I really remember hearing after that was, "You can start tomorrow." I was so happy. I looked up at the both of them, just to clarify that I had heard correctly. "You're offering me a job?" I asked. I could feel my mouth turning into a smile. Han was going through a file cabinet, and had his back to me. But he quickly turned around and said, "Hey, we wouldn't be nice to you" he said with a touch of what I could only assume was sarcasm. "But still..." I said. "You're offering me a job?" Han went to open his mouth to say something, but Leia held her hand up. "Don't pay any mind to him. His last name may be on the outside of the building, but you'll soon figure out who the boss is around here. Yes, we're giving you a job" she said with the same smile never leaving her face. I remember walking out of the garage, holding my head a little higher that day. And today, I'm still trying to keep it held high. It's been a few months now, and if I have my budget down correctly and continue working like how I am, I'll have enough to start college for the fall semester. I'm excited about it, but at the same time, I'm trying to remain calm. Because anything could go wrong at anytime. And wouldn't you know it. With one hour left before we closed the garage, I can hear a loud commotion coming from the interior part of the office. I lift my head out from underneath the hood and walk over to the door. I look from behind the corner and see Ben standing at the register, before he gets swipped across his face with what looks like a crowbar. Before I can even realize what's happening, the attacker jumps over the counter, cracks open the register and empties it out completely. All of our funds for the day, which means my funds are in there too. He hops back over the counter and out the door before I even get a good enough look at him. I look down and see the Solo's family dog curled up on the floor asleep. "Some guard dog you are Chewie" I say. I hear Han and Leia approach behind me asking 'what happened? what happened?' And before I let them reach me, I'm running out the door, and hot on the trails of whoever just robbed us. "Rey, no!" I hear Leia say. But I know she'll make no physical attempt to stop me, because she's taking care of Ben right now. I see the guy a few yards in front of me, and how he's able to run in this weather as fast as he is with a black hoodie on is beyond me. He turns a corner, and I loose my sight on him for a small moment. After I get from around the corner I see a character with a black hoody on in the middle of the sidewalk, not moving at all. Just standing there, bending over picking up the money he stole from us. I ran up to him as fast as I could. I guess he heard my footsteps behind him. He quickly turned around then faced forward and tried to run away, but I was already too close to him and bulldogged him right in his chest. He fell back down on the ground, as his hood fell off. I stood up as fast as I could, then placed my foot on his chest. As soon as his eyes opened and he looked up at me, I looked down at him and harshly said, "What's your hurry, theif?!" Chapter 2 : Second Entry Notes: Sooooooooo sorry for the enormous gap in between chapters one and two. I wrote this story out of an impulse that just came to me one day, and had no other thought process to finish it. So I don't know if this chapter will be any good or not, but hopefully y'all enjoy, and thank you for reading it. Also, please leave comments :)) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) May 15th, 2015 Dear Diary, Sooooo yea....I think I made a huge mistake the other day. Wait till you hear about this. That guy that I was chasing who I had 'assumed' stole from us, wasn't actually the guy who stole from us. Or...wait, that doesn't make any sense. Let me try again. There happened to be two guys, within a one block radius, who both were wearing black hoodies...hmm, curious. But anyway, the guy who stole from the garage ran into the guy who I uhh...ended up tackling and nearly assaulting. The only thing that stopped me, was our conversation that ended up going a little like this... "What?! Thief!? What are you talking about?!" he screamed. "This money! You just stole it from Solo Garage!" I screamed back at him, still keeping my foot placed firmly atop his chest. If he had any bright ideas about trying to roll away from me and run, then he had another thing coming. "Solo Garage!? I didn't steal anything from them! As a matter a fact, I was just..." he made an attempt to stand but I was having none of it. I pressed my foot harder into his chest forcing him back down onto the ground. "Stay down!" I yelled, drawing the attention of a few passer-bys. Once he was back down on the ground to the point where I felt like I had the upper hand, he put his hands up in surrender style. "Listen, I was just on my was to Solo Garage. I swear it! Why would I steal from a place and then go right back to it to get serviced?" he asked me. It almost looked like his eyes were pleading with me to believe him. I wasn't fully sold on his story, but it did make sense. However, what didn't make sense was the fact that he was kneeling over the money from the register in the exact same attire that I saw the thief in. "So why is it that I saw the thief running away in a black hoody, and low and behold I find another person picking up all the cash, who also happens to be wearing a black hoody? Unless you forgot, which I'm sure would be quite impossible to do, it's May. And the last time I checked the temperature it said that it was ninety-seven degrees outside." He didn't hesitate, not even for a moment. "I have to wear this for my job, maybe the person 'WHO ACTUALLY DID ROB YOU' works there too!" he said matter-of-factly. Still not removing my foot, I removed my phone from my pocket. "Okay, we'll see about this. What time was your appointment?" I barked at him harshly. "12:30. My name is Finn Storm" he said. I dialed the number for the garage and Leia was the first to pick up. "Solo Garage" she said. She sounded very calm, like she always does. So I went ahead and assumed that Ben was okay, and that the police were called. "Leia it's me, Rey" I said. "Oh sweetheart! Are you okay!? Han, it's Rey on the phone!" she screamed. If I didn't know any better, I'd think that this is what concerned parents sound like when their child has stayed out passed curfew or something. "Yes I'm fine, and I got the money back." I said. "Who cares about the money Rey, as long as you're alright!" Leia shrieked. "Well now, wait a minuet, I care about the money, and so should..." I could hear Han say, sensing that ever-present sarcasm in his voice. "Oh shut up, Han" I could hear Leia say in the background. "Did you see the person who took the money?" I heard Han ask. "Well that depends" I said, looking down at a man who could possibly get a foot to the face if I was given the wrong answer over the phone. "Depends? Depends on what?" Han asked. "Could you do me a favor and see who the 12:30 appointment is, please?" I asked. "12:30 appointment? What does that have anything to do with..." Han started to say, but it sounded like the phone was snatched away from him by Leia. "Oh Han, you're impossible!" I heard her say in the background. I heard some clicking on the keyboard which I assume came from the front desk, before I heard Leia state, "The 12:30 appointment is for you Rey. And it's for a tire rotation, oil change, and a steering pump replacement, by a Mr. Finn Storm. Funny he hasn't shown up yet and it's five minuets till." I felt my cheeks go red with embarrassment as soon as those words were uttered. I removed my foot from Mr. Storms chest, without looking at him before replying to Leia, "Oh I'm sure he'll show up. I however, my be a bit late on my walk back. I'll see you in a bit" I said. "Okay sweetheart, bye" Leia said. I placed my phone back in my pocket, then slowly looked over to the man who was still on the ground. "Now do you believe me?" he asked, his hands still in surrender mode. I was so humiliated I couldn't muster the strength to say anything to him. "Well, can I at least get up now?" he asked. I extended my hand out to him helping him up off the ground which was my fault to begin with. Once he was on his feet he proceeded to reach down, pick up all the money that was on the ground, shove it into the brown paper bag that it had fallen out of, and hand it back to me. I couldn't think of a single thing in the world to say to this man. An apology was in order absolutely, but my tongue was completely tied. My foot, that was removed from his chest was now placed in my mouth. But seemingly so, after everything that had happened, me throwing him to the ground, yelling at him, and accusing him of robbery, he didn't appear to be upset with me. He was just standing there with an easy going expression on his face. "I'm...." I began to say. Only he held his hand up to stop me. "It's okay" he said. "From what you described to me, the situation did seem a little off I'm sure from your point of view. No harm done" he said with a smile on his face. I raised my eyebrows, completely in shock that this man was not absolutely livid with me. "Umm, okay. Uhh...follow me" I said gesturing back towards the way we came. On the way back, I walked in silence, holding the money bag firmly in front of me. "So the tow truck should be dropping my car off in front of your shop any minuet. I couldn't drive it any more because the tires are so bald" I think this was his attempt at making conversation with me to try to lighten the mood. But I was in no rush to further humiliate myself so I remain quiet until he asked a question that I had to answer. "So you know all about me. Well...not all about me, but my name at least" he said with a chuckle. "Let me officially introduce myself" he said extending his hand out to me. "I'm Finn Storm. What's your name?" I just looked at him, placing a firmer grasp on the only hand that remained on the money bag, and extended my other out to him. "I'm Rey" I said softly. Notes: I know it kind of ended just like how I did in that one chapter of blood bag when Finn and Rey introduced themselves to one another but I CANT HELP IT!!!! it was such a cute meeting for the space babes, and I feel like it should be in a lot more finn/rey stuff, but that's just me. I promise it won't be as long for the next chapter :)) Chapter 3 : Third Entry Notes: I told you it wouldn't be that long of a wait :)) May 23rd, 2015 Dear Diary, You would not believe how much things can change in a week. Because I'm living, breathing, honest to God proof that things can change completely within the span of one week, one day, fourteen hours, thirty seven minutes, and twelve seconds. Thirteen seconds...fourteen seconds....fifteen seconds....but ya know, who's counting?? It all started back on the day that I met that Finn guy. And ya know, ended up tackling him, and accusing him of something he didn't do it turns out. But anyway, as he and I were walking back to the shop, we started talking a bit. First it was just simple stuff, like what's your name and things like that. But once his car was dropped off and I got to work on it, he started talking to me again. Starting off with things about the car. "So are the tires as bad as I think they are?" he asked. I scooted from underneath the car and looked over at him. "Worse" I replied. "I'm surprised you haven't gotten yourself killed with how bald these tires are. If it rained while you were out driving you'd have absolutely no traction what-so-ever and would be sliding all over the place, possibly into someone else's car." I said. He made a distressed face and ran his hand behind his head and gave his neck a few rubs. After I was done rotating the tires, I popped the hood of the car to inspect what else needed to be repaired. I pulled the dib stick out and wiped it against the rag hanging out of my pocket. Yet again, Finn was right there hovering over my shoulder ready to ask another question. "How's the oil looking?" he asked again. It still seemed like he was trying to lighten the mood from what had happened earlier, but I was in no mood to chit chat and also in no mood to re-embarrass myself all over again. "Well" I began. "From the looks of the fluid it looks like you needed to get your oil changed about three thousand miles ago." I stated. He gave off the distressed look again, but this time he looked down at the floor and shoved his hands in his pockets. "Don't you know anything about cars?" I asked, surprising myself at my bluntness. He just stood there looking at me. Not giving me a 'yes' or 'no' not shaking or nodding his head. Nothing. So I spoke up again. "Do you no the basics? The bar minimum?" Still nothing but silence from him. "This type of cars...well, cars in general actually, have to be re-serviced every few thousand miles or so. If not, it will start to back up the fluids in the engine, causing problems for the transmission, and so on." Still remaining silent, he finally took his hands out of his pockets, and then answered me. "I don't have a lot of time on my hands to run through a garage every so often" he said. I blew my breath. "Well, if you don't want to end up paying for another car, I suggest you find the time." I went forward with the process of changing the oil, and when I was finished with that went back to the clipboard. The steering pump replacement was the last thing on the list. But before I could start on that, and have Finn stand over my shoulder and ask me if it was as bad as it looked, which actually yes, it was, it was actually much, much worse than it looked, he said that he had to go. "Excuse me, but I've got to get going" he said. "But I'm not done servicing the car" I said back. "I know, I know. I didn't realize it was going to take this long and I've got somewhere to be" he said back. "Okay" I said back. I went to wipe my hands on the rag hanging out of my pocket before directing him towards the front. "You can pay for the services I did handle up front at the register. Unless you're planning on robbing us for real this time" I chuckled. Then suddenly felt myself go red in the face. Why did I say that?! I had already chased him down, and nearly beaten him for thinking that he robbed our garage. That was completely out of line, and he would probably be offended after he heard me say something like that. But all I ended up hearing was a returned chuckle. "Ha ha, no I promise I won't rob you guys ever. You offer too good of a service to steal from" he said. He walked passed me as I was frozen in my tracks. I guess he didn't realize that I thought what I said would offend him, and was extremely off putting. But he didn't seem to mind. After he was done paying Ben for the tire rotation and the oil change, he turned back around and looked at me. While I still stood there completely shocked that he wasn't upset at the comment I had just made. What he said next to me was even more so surprising. "Hey, do you have a business card or anything? I'd prefer you to work on my car again the next time I come here. You seem to really know your stuff, and you're already familiar with it and everything since you already worked on it today." Unable to say anything, I just raised my arm and pointed to the cards that were placed neatly in the card holder by the front desk. I could hear him reading through out all of them. "Han...Leia...aha! Here we go Rey Kenobi. When I get some free time, I'll be sure to ask for you. See ya later Rey" he said waving me off and then leaving. I don't know what it was about him. But for the next few days, every time the phone rang, I was secretly wishing it was him. Until finally one day, I over heard Leia pick up the phone and say my name back to whomever was on the other line. "Yes absolutely. It will actually be her last opening for the day. Rey gets off work at six" I heard her say. Ever since I had worked there no one had ever asked for me personally, so I figured it had to be him. I never found the courage to ask her, but at 4:45 sharp, who do you think came strolling in? I almost wanted to run up to him and say hi, but what would he think of something like that? Some random mechanic girl that he had met once before under very odd circumstances running up to him to say, 'Hi Finn!!!' So I decided not to do that. But wouldn't you know he came up to me and did just that? "Hi Rey!" he exclaimed. "I guess my car has been missing you, it's been making this weird sound that I hope you can get it to stop with that pumping thing you were talking about." I couldn't help but smile. Not only at how excited he seemed to see me again, but also at the fact of how absolutely clueless he was about his car. I mean, don't guys normally know the basics of car anatomy? Not this one, evidently. Anyway, after all was said and done, I glanced over at the clock and it was nearing ten after six. I informed him just as I had done last time that he should walk over to the counter where Ben stood in order to pay for the service. When out of no where he spoke up. "Hey, I was just about to grab a burrito from this place around the corner from here. You, maybe wanna...come with me?? Maybe...if you want to?" he asked. I was absolutely shocked. Why wasn't this guy mad at me? Why didn't he press charges against me for assault, and accusing him of theft? And more importantly than any of that, why was he so cute, the way he was looking at me!? Why was I completely mesmerized by his puppy dog eyes, and the way his cheeks seemed to lift off of his face when he smiled. And feeling the way the I did about all of this, naturally, I said no. "No...I can't I've got some work to do around here" I said. Finn just smiled at me. "Liar, liar pants on fire. Your boss told me that you get off work at six" he said, that stupid cute smile of his still plastered on his face. I was surprised that he remembered that. "Well, it's not work...'per-say'" I said. "It's just, that I've got to..." I was about to come up with some other lame excuse before I heard a not so subtle whisper come from the other room. "Just go Rey!! He's really cute!" Undeniably Leia's voice was heard by not only me, but Finn as well. He and I just stared at each other for the longest of time, before we both broke out in a soft laughter. Guessing that I had no choice, seeing how my excuses were completely broken down, I looked over to Finn and softly said, "Let me get my purse." Chapter 4 : Fourth Entry Notes: YOU GUYS!!!! I need all of y'all out there reading this to pray for Space Mom aka Carrie Fisher, and for her to recover quickly!!! She just had a heart attack! Keep her in your prayers P.S. also, sorry the chapter is so short June 1st, 2015 Dear Diary, What an incredible couple of weeks it's been!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !! ! Things have been going absolutely great for me!!! My job is going great, I just did all of the calculations for my budget, and guess what!? I can afford college!! I pre-enrolled and start August the 14th!! I just feel like I am on top of the world every single day that I wake up!! And not just for those reasons. A 'certain someone' has had my grin going non-stop. And that grin is constantly stretching from ear to ear he says. He also says that he likes it when I smile really, really hard because my dimples show. He also says that I, even though I've never been, smell like the beach for some reason. When I asked him what the beach smells like, he said, "Like a breath of fresh air." Needless to say, my smile poked out a bit after he said that. Ever since the first day we met we've been hanging out a lot. Regularly, I like to think back about when we had burritos for the first time.... "So" Finn asked. "What all do you like on your burrito?" I stood there for a moment, pondering over it for a moment. Not that he needed to know or anything, but poor kids like me don't often go out for food. The thing that we end up eating the most is ramen. It's cheap, and it's easy. Not that I had never had a burrito before, it's just that other people would have probably answered a lot quicker than I did. "Umm...I'll just get whatever you're having" I said quickly, trying to cover over the fact that it had probably been a literal minuet since he had asked me the question. "Great" he said. He looked over towards where the cashier was standing, and gave him our orders. "I'm gonna have two beef and bean burritos easy on the nacho cheese. And also if you could add tomato and lettuce for us please." I figured he must've been a regular at this place if he was able to order that quickly, and with such ease. I went to reach for my wallet in my purse, but before I could reach it, Finn interjected and gently placed his hand on top of mine. "Oh no. It's my treat" he said with a smile. "I am the one who asked you here after all." I felt my heart flutter at bit at his kind hearted gesture. I smiled at him as we were offered our food, and walked back outside to enjoy the crisp evening air. It all started with, "So Miss Rey Kenobi..." I looked up at him after taking a bite of the absolutely delicious burrito. "What do you think?" he asked. I had no idea what he was talking about. So I spoke up and asked him, not entirely realizing I had food in my mouth. Finn tried his best to hide his chuckle, and I tried my best not to turn red, yet again for the millionth time that day. "Oh, you've got a little something on your chin" he said reaching up with a napkin to wipe the remnants of beef and bean off of my face. Turns out he was talking about the burrito. I told him it was the best thing I had eaten in a while, then he said, "Well, it's starting to seem like we might have to do this again." I smiled, feeling myself blush so I starred down at my food, and took another bite to not make the situation awkward. Instead of just sitting there in silence, it would be more appropriate to sit there with a mouth full of food, and to not speak up again with said full mouth. After we ate, Finn offered to give me a ride home to which I declined seeing how I had to get my bike back from the shop. "Okay, well...how about I walk you back then?" he asked. 'Sure" I said. "That's fine with me" I said smiling. On our walk back, we talked mostly about me, which I didn't really care for. But after years of living the life that I have, I have become excellent at dodging questions, and giving vague answers. Once we were back at the garage, I said goodnight to Finn and thanked him for the delicious burrito. Right as I was about to get on my bike and pedal away, he spoke up. "So umm..." he started off. "I...well....we had a good time today, right? Did you have a good time? Because I did, but...did you, I umm...." he continued on stammering. I decided to go ahead and answer the one question that I did hear correctly out of all of the stuttering. "Yes, I did have a nice time today. I'm actually surprised to hear you say that, since ya know...what happened earlier and all." All he did was stand there, smiling at me, with that stupid puppy dog grin that I've come to really, REALLY like. "So umm...do you think, that maybe, we could do this again? Sometime? Soon?" he asked. And before I could even finish his question he burst out into saying. "Great! So,...umm, do you think I could have your number....maybe?" Chapter 5 : Fifth Entry Summary: For Carrie... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) July 4th, 2015 Dear Diary, OMG!!! I feel like my heart just exploded, but in a good way. In the positively best way ever!!! Two unbelievable things happened today. Two absolutely incredible, happy, happy things happened today. Remember when I last wrote that I felt like I was on top of the world!? Well, that feeling pales in comparison to this one. Absolutely no doubt in my mind!! The first good thing to happen, went a little like this... "Rey!! Wake up hon! You need to get a move on it or you'll be late for work!" I heard Ms. Mara yell from downstairs. I slowly opened my eyes and blinked the sleep away. I rolled over in my bed thinking it couldn't be that late, my alarm clock hadn't even gone off yet, or so I thought... I glanced over at the clock and read the little green digital numbers that said 8:32 a.m. "Oh no!!" I shrieked. "What happened?!" I screamed out loud even though no one was listening. I pulled off my clothes as fast as I could in search of my toothbrush. From then on out it was multi-tasking out the wazoo. Pulling up my overalls, with my toothbrush hanging out of my mouth, all while attempting to throw my hair in their normal three buns. By the time I was done, It was 8:45 a.m. "Oh no, oh no! I'm gonna be late!!" I said growing more and more frantic by the second. I grabbed my bag and placed it around my shoulders. When I went to head for the door, I hear Mr. Luke say behind me, "Think fast!" I turned around to see him toss an apple my way. I caught it right before I heard him say, "You gotta eat something" before he winked at me, as they both waved goodbye. I got on my bike and pedaled to the shop as fast as my legs could get me there. I had a few close calls on the way there. Catching the tail end of a walkway sign that said cross, then flashed over to do not cross. I was almost there, just as I went to check my watch. "Ha!" I exclaimed as I was nearing the front doors. "8:58, I made it on time..." Just as I was finishing that thought, I saw Ben walking out the front door. He pushed the door open, not seeing that my bike was heading in the exact same direction as the open door was. I swerved out of the way, so I wouldn't hit the door, or Ben. But I ended up crashing my bike in a bush, and being flung off of the bike. I tried to break the fall with my hand, but that only made things worse. I landed on it just the wrong way, and thought in the back of my mind I had broken it for sure. I know I remember telling you that this day was one of the best days ever, and from where I'm coming from sounds like one of the worst days ever to begin with. Hang in there...I'm getting to the good parts :) So anyway, after I landed on my wrist, I heard feet pelting the asphalt. Ben ran over to me to see if I was okay. "Rey! Are you alright!? I'm soooo sorry! I didn't even see you!" No surprise there, I secretly wanted to say to him. He was probably FaceTiming with his girlfriend, Phelicia. She and Ben had the weirdest nicknames for each other. She called Ben, Kylo, and he called her Phasma. Ben helped me up and walked me inside. "I'll go see if your bike is okay. If there's anything wrong with it, I'll fix it!" Ben said. Leia walked up to me first, then Han. "What happened to you kiddo?" Han asked. "I fell off my bike" I told them both. "Here, sit, sit, sit" Leia said instructing me to sit down, as if I was a hurt little kid. Aside from some scrapes here and there, both on my overalls and skin, the only injury that was really bothering me was my wrist. After I had had an icepack on it for a while Leia made a gentle attempt to move it. But even that hurt, and she was barely doing anything at all. I winced as she tried to move it back again, and was almost attempted to pull away, but then she stopped. "Well, it's not broken. But you've got yourself a nasty sprain there my dear" Leia said. 'Great' I thought to myself. Han walked towards the front desk to type into the computer all of the appointments I had for the day. "Frontal body work, tire rotation, three battery corrosions....kid, you're not gonna be able to do any of this with your bad hand." I stopped breathing momentarily after Han said that. I was sure that they were both going to be mad at me. On top of almost being late, I was going to be completely useless today. "Good thing none of this stuff will take too long though, so I'll take your appointments today" Han said. I let out a breath I didn't know I was holding. "Thank you" was all I could manage to get out. Leia's gentle voice brought me back to reality after I realized that not only were they not mad at me, but they were going to help cover my shift. "Why were you in such a hurry this morning anyway sweetie?" said Leia. "I think one of my foster siblings unplugged my alarm clock, so my foster mother had to wake me up. I tried to get here as fast as I could, but because of that I nearly ran Ben over in the process...and banged my hand up." Leia said nothing, she reached out and laid her hand on my shoulder and gave it a few rubs. "We understand that things happen, if you're late every once in a while, it won't be the end of the world" she said. I looked up at her and smiled. "I appreciate that Ms. Leia I really do, but at the same time, it's not something that I would ever want to make a habit out of." Leia said nothing. Only nodded her head and smiled at me. She turned around and went in search of Han, when I felt my phone go off. 9:14 a.m. Finn: Heyyy, whatcha doinnnn?? ;) I laughed quietly to myself because of the winking face he had attached there at the end. 9:14 a.m. Rey: Nothin' much. I think I just got the day off actually. You? Almost instantly my phone went off again. 9:15 a.m. Finn: YAAAAYYYYY!!!! Then I've got big plans for us today!! You're coming with me m'lady, I've got a surprise for you :))) 9:15 a.m. Rey: A surprise for me?! O you shouldn't have. And btw, aren't you gonna ask y I got the day off in the 1st place? 9:16 a.m. Finn: I was getting to that!!! LOL. I was surprised that he still didn't ask, until I heard his voice from behind me. "Oh no! Rey! What happened!?" he asked in a serious tone. He ran over to me and tenderly picked my left wrist up to inspect it. If I didn't know any better, by the look in his puppy dog eyes, I swear I thought he was going to kiss it to make it feel better. But that was only wishful thinking....instead, he asked again how I had hurt my wrist. "I was riding really fast on my bike, and I almost hit Ben. I swerved out of the way, and crashed into the bush out front. And...behold, my injury" I said pointing to my wrist. "Jeez, you gotta be careful!!" Finn said. "Yea I know. It's just been kind of a stressful and hectic morning. But the upside is I get to spend the day with you" I said a little bit more quietly. Finn smiled back at me, "And we're gonna make the most of it!" he said standing up. "I'll be back in exactly 15 minuets with the stuff for the surprise, be ready when I get back so we can go." My eyebrows shot up with that. "Whoa, whoa wait! Go? Where are we going? And why can't I just come with you?" I asked him as he was walking away. He turned around and began walking backwards. "To both questions...I don't want to spoil the surprise." He winked at me and got back in his car and drove up the road. I guess, I was ready to go now, but I had to wait for Finn to return. But speaking of return, Leia walked back over to me with Han in toe. She was the first one to speak up. "Rey dear, I hope I'm not crossing a line by asking this but, are you comfortable over at your current home?" She asked me as if I was going to be upset. As if it was such an odd question. I lived with her brother, and sister in law. She knew that. "Yes, quite. Especially compared to some of the other places I've been. Mr. Luke and Ms. Mara are very nice people" I said. Leia made a face that implied I didn't fully answer her question, or it wasn't quite the answer she was looking for. "Well I know that the number of children over at my brothers house is only growing, and you as a young woman might need your own space." Now after she said this, I started to get nervous. I'm pretty sure she was implying that I move out and get my own space to insure another 'incident' like what happened this morning. But they both knew what I made an hour, and that I couldn't afford to live on my own, not just yet anyway. And they also both knew that I was saving everything I had for college in the fall. "We were thinking that maybe you would be more comfortable upstairs in the small apartment above the garage" Leia said softly. "We had it all ready for Ben when he wanted to move out, but said that there wasn't enough space for his girlfriend so he moved out with her instead. Now it's just up there gathering dust." I just stood there, completely dumbfounded. They were offering me my own place to live. My place. My space. My...home. I needed to give them an answer quick once I realized that I was just standing there silently. But when I went to open my mouth, nothing came out. "Of course it's understandable if you want to look at the place first. Come with me darling." Leia said. Before I knew what was happening, my feet picked themselves up, one after the other, and began following Leia outside, around the corner, up the stairs and through the door. Once she unlocked it, I stepped inside after she did, and was immediately met with a feeling of familiarity. Like some how I had been here, in this very place before, even though I knew it was impossible. The little bed in the corner, the stove and sink that were right next to each other. And the bathroom all the way towards the left at the end of the room. All of the windows were open, and a cool, relaxing summer breeze blew in. I closed my eyes, and breathed in. Everything was looking up. Every single thing. I had beat the system. I hadn't let it drag me down towards the negative side of life in which kids turn to bad and worse things in life just to cope. I had a job, I was going to school in the fall, I had my very own place. I even had a boyfriend!!....well, kind of, sort of...a boyfriend-ish. "What will the rent a month be?" I asked turning around facing Leia once I was sure no tears of joy were going to fall from my eyes. "Well here's the thing. You can either pay us $75 a month, or you can let us claim you on our taxes. The choice is completely up to you" Leia said with a gentle smile. Never before in all of the homes I had been in, in all of the life that I had lived, had things been as good as they were now. I heard from one of the open windows, a car pull up out front as the driver honked their horn. I walked over and peered out the window to see Finn's black two door car downstairs waiting for me. I looked back at Leia. "Can I let you know?" She smiled at me and gestured for me to go out the door. My smile stretched as far as it would go, I'm sure. I ran towards the door leading to the steps before turning around and giving Leia and big hug. "Thank you, thank you, thank you soooooooo so much!" I said in her ear. "It's quite alright darling. Now go! Go get that boy before he leaves you!" she said playfully. "Oh, but do so carefully please!! We don't need you hurting your other wrist now do we?" she said laughing. As I made my way down the stairs, my smile remained right where it was. And as soon as I saw Finn, it only got bigger. He walked around the car, and opened my door for me, then shut it as I got in. Once he was back in the car, he put his seatbelt on, shifted into first gear, and we were off. We remained silent for a while, until I spoke up...I felt like I would've exploded if I didn't say something. "So...where are we going?" I asked. Finn just sat there and smiled while he said not a word. "Oh come on! You can't 'not' tell me where we're going, otherwise this could be considered kidnapping!" I said jokingly. "Ha-ha" Finn said. "You can tell the cops I kidnapped you all you want, but as I said earlier..." he took his eyes off the road for a moment and looked directly at me, "...It's a surprise." "You're impossible, you know that?" I said softly hitting his arm. Nearly two hours later as we came closer to wherever it was that we were heading to, Finn instructed me to close my eyes. I did as I was told, but then he became paranoid and told me to put my hands over my eyes, so I did. I felt the car come to a stop, and heard Finn exit his door. I stayed put until he came and got me out of the passenger side. He gently began easing me forward as he said softly, "I mean it now, keep those eyes closed." "I'm not peeking. I promise" I said to him. I felt Finn's hand go from my shoulders to my waste in guiding me. I also felt that the ground that I was walking on went from firm and solid, to loose and shifty. To add to that I heard what sounded like something crashing in front of me, then Finn brought me to a stop. "Okay" he said. "When I count to three, you can open your eyes." I felt little butterflies doing flips in my stomach, so eager and excited to know what the surprise was, and where I was too. "One, two, three...open!" he exclaimed. I took my hands down and opened my eyes to reveal the absolutely breath taking beauty in front of me. "The beach" I whispered. Finn had brought me to the beach. The loose and shifty ground that I was standing on was sand, and the crashing sound I heard coming from in front of me were the waves. I could have cried. No one had ever gone out of their way to do something this nice for me. I turned around and wrapped my arms around Finn's neck as he rested his arms around my waste where they previously were. "Thank you" I said softly. Not even waiting for his reply, and not even caring that I wasn't wearing swim clothes, I ran for the water as quickly as I could and jumped in. It was just right. Not too cold, but not on the warmer side either. Just right. After hours of playing in the water, we both noticed that we were drenched. Laughing at ourselves, we decided to take a walk on the beach when I noticed it was starting to get late. Finn offered to buy dinner which consisted of hotdogs all the way (ketchup, mustard, chili, and onions. They were phenomenal.....) "Quick! Let's get a good spot or we'll miss out!" Finn said. "Miss out on what?" But my question was answered with a loud boom from the skies above. With all that had happened today, I had completely forgotten that today was the Fourth of July. I sat down in the sand next to Finn while we ate our hotdogs and observed the glorious show the sky had to put on for us. After some time, I finally heard Finn speak up. "Sure is pretty" he said. "Absolutely" I said agreeing with him. But when I turned to face him, I realized that he was paying no mind to the sky, and was looking dead at me. It's a good thing we were in the dark, because I'm sure my face was the brightest shade of red it had ever been. "I wasn't talking about the sky" he said confirming my suspicion. He leaned forward, very slowly, almost carefully and then stopped. It almost seemed as if he was asking for my permission, which I without a doubt granted to him. I followed his lead and pressed my lips gently against his. All I can say is that Finn has the softest lips in the world. Him being my first...and only kiss, how would I know? But in that moment, I knew I never cared to figure out. Once we both pulled away, I inhaled as deeply as I could just to ensure that this moment was real. And it was in that moment I realized that the deep breath that I took, was the biggest breath of fresh air. Notes: If you haven't checked out my latest work, aside from this one, please go and check it out if you'd like. The title is called 'Count the Days That Pass Me By' thanks. Love ya Chapter 6 : Sixth Entry Summary: Sorry the chapter is so short. I was about to go to sleep but ideas are constantly popping up in my head, so I just wrote this one down really quick. Tell me in the comments what y'all think about the ending. Notes: For Debbie... August 18th, 2015 Dear Diary, Well, I can sure enough tell you one thing...the summer magic has definitely warn off. Not that I'm not grateful for the apartment that I live in, rent free I might add (I decided to let them claim me on their taxes so I can continue to save my money), and not that Finn isn't still the completely wonderful boyfriend he's always been. It's just that I started school the other day. The first and second days were great. Learning my new routes for my new classes and things like that. But I see myself going into a repetitive schedule that might get dull after a few weeks, leaving me bored as opposed to the unexpected mess that was once my life. Yes it was an unexpected life, but no two days were ever the same. So in the morning I wake up, go to school, and every other day I work in the garage. Han and Leia said that I need time away from work in order to study and to make sure that my assignments don't end up piling up on top of me. I have arranged my schedule as follows: Monday-School/Work Tuesday-School/Study Wednesday- School/Work Thursday-School/Finn Friday-School/Work-every other weekend Finn I hate that I have to wait until almost the end of the week just to see him. But he told me that he understood, and that he wanted me to do well in school because he knows this is what I want more that anything. He came over one Thursday evening as planned. Just as I was finishing up some last minuet homework he walked in my front door. "Hey there" he said smiling as he walked in. I looked up and smiled at him. He sat down on the couch right behind me as I was sitting on the floor. "What are you up to?" he asked leaning over my shoulder and looking in the book that I had cracked open. "Astronomy" I sighed. "I hate this part of the course. We're forced to pick to electives just because we need the extra credits to graduate. It really is ridiculous because astronomy has nothing to do with mechanical engineering." I huffed as I dropped the book in my lap. "You poor thing" Finn said as he rested his hands on my shoulders. I reached my hand back and placed mine on top of his. When I went to take it away, he started rubbing my shoulders. Ugh! It was absolute heaven!! He dug his thumbs in between both of my shoulder blades, and pressed his fingers firmly into the tops of my shoulders. He repeated this action again and again until I was nearly numb. I hadn't even noticed my head started rolling. I'm sure there were no more knots in my upper back and shoulders now, but he kept on anyway. "Are you all good to study now?" Finn leaned forward and whispered in my ear. "Quite" I said my voice cracking a little. I looked down at the book and turned the page, already missing Finn's hands on my shoulders. "Chapter seven" I drug out dramatically. "Ugh this is gonna be so boring!!" I said to myself. "Wow" I heard Finn say. "Now that's really something." I turned around to look at him, then I followed his eyes to the picture that was featured on the page in the book. "It's beautiful" I said a little softer. Then he looked at me and smiled. "Just like you" he said as he gently placed his hand at the back of my head to pull me closer so he could kiss my forehead. "As a matter of fact" he said, pulling his phone out of his pocket. He clicked around on the screen for a few seconds before he said, "Okay, text me." I did as I was told, not knowing entirely what was going on. But that's one of the things that I started noticing more and more about Finn, he really...really liked surprising me. I pulled Finn's number up on my phone and sent a text. 6:31 p.m. Cute Boyfriend: Hey "Aww that's adorable what you've saved me as in your phone" Finn said smiling at me. I smiled back up at him when he turned the screen of his phone to face me to see what I was now saved as in his phone. 6:31 p.m. "Stardust": Hey Chapter 7 : Seventh Entry Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) August 29th, 2015 Dear Diary, I'm a bad girlfriend. I honest and truly am. You know how I know? Because I've got this great, and sweet, cute boyfriend who is constantly thinking of, and putting me first. I realized today, that I don't really do that as much for him as I should. I discovered this terrible happening about myself today when Finn asked me to come over to his place, for the first time. All the time we have been together, and I've never even seen his place. At first, I just thought it was odd that it never just came up. But then I realized that it was because I never asked. 3:30 p.m. Cute Boyfriend: U wanna come over tonight?? I'm making your favorite:))) I smiled at my phone at his text message after having a long day of school, and a particularly annoying day at work (very rude customers that Leia had to come and tell off). I wanted nothing more than to go over to Finn's place, chill out with the biggest bowl of spaghetti and meatballs, watch a movie, and just snuggle up, forgetting all about the rough day I had had. It was then that I realized something else. Finn knows what my favorite meal is...I don't know his... 'Is it steak? No, no that's not it' I thought to myself on the ride over to Finn's house. I think Finn could tell something was weighing heavily on my mind. He kept asking if I was alright and then if I was sure. After I told him yes, and that I was sure, I'm sure he still wasn't convened. Because he reached over and started rubbing my leg reassuringly, in between shifting gears. I'm slowly beginning to think to myself that Finn might be too good for me. ___________________________________________________________________________ Once we got to his place, the aroma of food was already in the air. He must've prepared all of the food already, then came to pick me up to bring me back since he said he didn't want me to ride my bike all the way to his place, and then ride back at night on a full stomach...(thoughtful!!!) After we ate, I insisted that I do the dishes...alone. I wouldn't have Finn cook for me, clean up, pick me up, and bring me home. I could at least do one nice thing for him that night. I could hear the TV going in the other room as I was drying one of this big pots that wouldn't fit in the dishwasher. When all of a sudden I felt a pair of hands squeeze at my sides. I hate to admit this, but...I squeaked. I squeaked very loudly and he heard me and began laughing uncontrollably. I began slapping him playfully with the dishtowel in my hand and yelled at him, "Well don't sneak up on me then!" I went back to doing the dishes, when his hands rested at my waist again, this time much more gently. "I'm sorry" he said kissing the side of my ear. "Just wanted to cheer you up" he said. I looked at him over my shoulder. "Who said I needed cheering up?" I asked him. He moved his arms further around me and squeezed me tighter to him. "Come on Rey. You've hardly said anything all day. In the car, and during dinner. And speaking of which, normally you help yourself to two or three plates. Tonight you barely managed to eat one. Talk to me, what is it?" he asked. So observant. He is so very observant, and kind. And I'm the exact opposite. It's just out of reflex I suppose. After being a foster kid with no real family, no sense of security, knowing that your life could be turned upside down in the blink of an eye, you seal yourself off. You close off all emotion and stay to yourself. But when Finn came into the picture, I never thought about opening up, or going the extra mile. So far it's been all about me. He knows probably all there is to know about me, because he asks, and I know next to nothing about him. Instead of telling him all this, I simplified my answer to his question. I turned around and placed my arms around his neck. "When's your birthday?" I asked. "Huh?" he looked at me dubiously. "When's your birthday?" I repeated myself. Finn still looked confused but went along with it. "February 4th" he said. After he gave me his answer, I leaned in and pecked him on the lips. He smiled at me, and went to return the favor but I spoke up again. "What's your favorite color?" I asked. Finn lifted his eyebrow, with a smug look growing on his face. "Well I have two actually" he said. "Green" he said, as I leaned forward to give him his second kiss. "And purple" I leaned forward yet again giving him another kiss. "Now that I think about it orange is a nice color too" he said as we both shared a laugh. "You gonna tell me what this is all about?" he asked. I was going to continue with my questions, but I figured now would be a good time to do some opening up, since it's what I was upset over for my lack thereof. "I just want to know more about you. You know a lot about me, and I want to know a lot about you, so I'm asking" I said. Finn remained silent for a second. "Sooooo do I get a kiss for every answer, because we can go on all night if we need to?" Finn said. __________________________________________________________________________ As the night went on, I found out a lot about Finn. That his favorite dessert is strawberry cheesecake, he's also allergic to bees, and changed my name is his phone to 'Cute Girlfriend' because he thought it was a little cheesy and over the top. (I tended to agree with him.) I also came to know that he was raised by his grandparents. I didn't tell him this, but in a way I began to think in my mind that Finn and I were more alike than I thought. Not having any parents and all. "What is your exact job title down at the security plant?" I asked him. Finn looked at his watch, "It's getting late, I should probably take you home now. So hold that thought for me" he said smiling at me as he kissed my nose. On the way home we rode in silence again. Only this time, it was a much more comfortable silence. We held hands the entire ride home, whenever Finn didn't have to shift gears. When Finn pulled up to my place, he opened the door for me and walked me up the stairs to, 'Make sure I got in okay.' He gave me a good long kiss goodnight before walking back down the stairs. "Goodnight cute boyfriend!" I shouted at him. "Goodnight cute girlfriend!" he shouted back. I heard his car engine roar down the road until it was out of ear shot before I went inside. I began thinking to myself...maybe I did deserve Finn. Notes: I decided to scrap the 'Stardust' idea, being how that is Jyn's nickname. Hope y'all don't mind:))