BANG! CRASH! The sound of Kylo’s tantrum quickly filled the entire house. It made Oliver jumpy. He wished he could be like his sister who continued doing her homework like none of it mattered, but he was weak. A crybaby . When his father stomped into the kitchen Oliver shrieked. His father's clothes were torn, and he was bleeding. Hux ignored his child's craziness. “Go, take this money and your brother and buy a nice costume for yourselves.” Their father instructed. He threw money into Scarlett’s hand and Scarlet nodded. “Yes father.” Scarlett replied stoically. “But daddy,” “What is it Oliver?!” “I thought mommy was making our costumes!” Halloween was tomorrow and Oliver was really looking forward to wearing whatever it is that Kylo made for him. Scarlett scoffed, “Why do you have to be such a dumbass Oli?” Scarlett asked coldly. Oliver hung his head down and sniffled back tears. “Scarlett?” “Yes father?” This was it! Scarlett would finally pay for teasing him all the time. “Bring back any change.” “Yes father.” Oliver slumped in his chair and sighed as a fat tear rolled down his cheek. --- Oliver knew that he reminded his father of.. well of his mother. She was always crying, and emotional. If Oliver could show his father just how brave he is, maybe then he'll love him. He wants to be just like his sister. Tough and uncaring. “Father told me to take care of you. So I've taken the liberty of already deciding what you'll be for Halloween.” Scarlett informed Oliver as they walked inside of the store. Oliver felt very pleased. If his big sister was picking out his costume, then it was going to be something really cool! “Am I going to be a cop? Or a doctor?” Oliver hurriedly asked, following Scarlett through the aisles. Scarlett peered back at him with a devilish grin on her face. “Of course not, Oli. You're going to be something even better!” Oliver beamed brightly as he watched his sister grab a costume off the rack. But his face fell as he realized what she grabbed. “A bb-aby?” Oliver sniffled, “But I don't wanna be a baby!” Oliver stomped his foot and the ground and Scarlett glared at him. “Huh, really? Because you sure act like a baby! Always crying and whining! You're pathetic Oliver!” Oliver felt hot tears slide down his cheeks. He turned around and ran out of the store. He sobbed in the street and sat on the sidewalk with a thump! He covered his head with his hands and felt his shoulders shake with the loud sobs that found their way out of his mouth. He knew that he was making a scene, that Daddy would scold him for it a little bit later, nut at that moment he couldn’t care. He hated how he cried, and how he cried. Scarlett was right. He was a baby. “Excuse me, boy?” Sniffling, Oliver looked up and weakly rubbed his eyes and his cheeks to make it look like he wasn’t crying. He was met with the sight a very young and beautiful woman, who seemed genuinely concerned with his well being. Oliver trusted her right away. “There’s no need to cry, it’s just a cat.” The lady informed him. Oliver’s red eyebrows furrowed together before he glanced to what the woman was gesturing at. There was a dead ginger cat, really kitten, lying only a few feet away from him. The kitten’s eyes were closed and there were tire marks on its small body. Oliver didn’t mind dead things. Dead things looked calm, and beautiful. Intriguing really. Oliver knew how much Scarlett liked pain, and murder, but there was something so calming about death. When Daddy killed that man, and that man’s dog, Oli would talk to them. He knew that they couldn’t hear him, but that wasn’t the point. Dead things were nice and lovely. Dead things were good. Oliver was more afraid of the living than he was a dead kitten. But it was better for the lady to think that he was upset by the kitten. Oliver nodded solemnly at the lady. “It’s just so s-sad to see one of the lord’s creatures dead like that.” Oliver whined, pretending to sob into his arm. He felt the lady pat his back. “Sshhh, there’s no need to cry, that kitten’s in heaven now. It’s probably happier now than it was on earth.” “Really?” Oliver asked. He already knew that God and heaven were myths made up by man to fill their lives with meaningless distractions - well that’s what Daddy says. But he needed to make this lady feel better, so that’s what he did. The lady nodded and gave him a hug. Oliver hugged back gladly, and couldn’t remember the last time someone besides his mother had hugged him. The lady let go and Oliver stood up, smiling. The woman patted his head and nodded at him, turning to leave. “Goodbye now!” “Bye bye.” Oliver smiled brightly. There was no need to cry, when he had such a marvelous plan. He was going to prove to his family, well to himself that he could strong. He dimly heard the bells of the store door opening and recognized his sister coming out of the store, before she could see what he was doing he scooped the kitten into his arms and slid it down his shirt. It felt itchy and damp against his bare chest, but he refused to cry about it. He adjusted his jacket, and buttoned it up, making it difficult to see the lump of fur sticking out of his chest. When Scarlett saw him, she scowled. “Ready to go home Scarlett?” Scarlett’s scowl deepened. “I don’t know what you’re hiding Oli, but I will find out. And when I do, I’m going to tell daddy.” Oliver gulped, normally, he’d cry but this time he clenched his teeth, and held up his chin. He started walking home, trying his best to ignore the feeling of his sister’s icy glare on his neck. --- “Wow! This candy tastes really good Oli!” “You did good son.” “Mommy’s very proud of you!” Oliver beamed at his family’s approval. Surprisingly, cutting the kitten’s corpse into small tiny pieces and melting into his homemade candies wasn’t even the hardest part of his plan. It was sneaking it into the house, stealing, knives from the kitchen, and trying his best to avoid his sister that was so difficult. But he somehow managed. He smiled brightly and watched as his family ate the candy that he had made. His father coughed on a piece of candy and Oliver felt panic rise in his heart. His father pulled out a strand of hair from his tongue. He stared at it for a short second, and Oliver felt the all too familiar sting of tears prickle the back of his eye sockets. “Daddy, I’m sorry-” “Don’t be! Just next time, wear a hairnet, I don’t want to find any more of your hair in the food!” Kylo laughed nervously and Scarlett smiled at Oliver. “Okay children, go get dressed in your costumes!” Their father commanded. Both children ran upstairs and into their rooms. It didn’t matter that Scarlett had gotten Oli a baby costume, he knew that he wasn’t. Even if no one believed him, he knew he was a big boy. And he would never cry again. Notes: How could I NOT write a MCF au fic for Huxloween?! I also feel the need to state that crying is NOT A WEAKNESS!!!! Oliver isn't growing up in an ideal home, and his family (except Kylo) treat him kind of terribly because of it. But no way in hell, is crying a weakness! It actually takes strength to wear your emotions on your sleeve like that! It takes a strength that I don't have atm... I'm working on it! <3 Check out the series description for cool links and more information about this event! (X) Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 8 of the Original Huxloween Stories series Next Work → ← Previous Work Part 5 of the Meurtre: Kylux Middle Class Family AU series