Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The camera battery was very inconveniently dying. Poe figured he could probably get a few more photos in before he had to call it quits for the night. He was only a few away from the minimum required by the hardass photography professor, and he wasn’t having the best luck getting strangers to agree to be photographed. People in large cities usually assume if you’re stopping them on the street that you’re about to ask them for money in one way or another. He saw a man leaning against the exterior of a building, looking down at his phone. “Excuse me,” Poe said as he approached. The young man looked up and Poe was quickly struck by just how handsome this stranger was. He swallowed down the abrupt spike of nerves and continued. “Hi! I’m in a street photography workshop and I was wondering if you’d let me take a quick photo of you?” “Oh! Um, yeah, sure!” Handsome Stranger replied. He straightened and his face shifted into an easy smile. Not like the awkward, forced Cheshire grin most people pulled when faced with a camera. “Is this good?” “That’s perfect, actually,” Poe said, pleasantly surprised, and snapped a few quick photos. He prepared to thank the man and walk away when he suddenly changed his pose. His jaw was now tilted up, fingers in an L shape over his chin in mock thoughtfulness. Though he did it as a joke, it looked good on him. Poe laughed and raised his camera again. He had expressive eyes, Poe couldn’t help but notice. The cool blue light cast by a nearby sign highlighted the angles of his face, contrasting against the warm brown tone of his skin. He went through a few more poses (Poe’s favorite including an exaggerated wink and finger guns) before the battery icon on the camera started blinking. “My battery is seriously on it’s deathbed so I better go. Thanks so much, man,” Poe said with a smile. “No, problem.” He settled back against the wall and held out his hand. “I’m Finn, by the way.” “Poe, Poe Dameron.” He shook Finn’s hand and pointedly did not acknowledge the flip his stomach did at the touch. “I’ll see you around, Poe Dameron?” he asked, and Poe wondered if the hopeful tone he picked up was just his own wishful thinking. “If I’m lucky,” he replied, and hurried away before Finn could see the blush coloring his cheeks. Notes: "Oh no he's hot" -Poe Dameron Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey wished she could make the elevator move faster through sheer force of will. Why the three-dimensional design department had to be placed seventeen floors up, and why a building even needed that many floors in the first place was beyond the reach of her imagination. (The tallest building in the small, rural town she grew up in was barely three stories tall and even then it was considered a big deal. There was a commemorative plaque outside and everything.) She felt bad making Finn wait for her while she went to retrieve her sculpture, but she didn’t think she could carry the carefully formed mass of salvaged metalwork all the way back to the dorm without his help. As she stood waiting for the elevator, heavy metal weighing down on her arms, she saw a tall, pale figure clad all in black approaching her, and suppressed a sigh of annoyance. Kylo Ren was composed entirely of opinions, smudged black eyeliner, and an over-inflated sense of self importance. Rey shifted slightly, attempting to hide her face behind the sculpture. She was not a particularly religious woman but in that moment she begged whatever higher power was listening to let her go unnoticed. “Hello, Rey. Is that your piece for the next critique?” Rey nodded and said a silent “thanks for nothing” to the aforementioned higher power. “Hmm. If you ask me, I think it lacks ambition. These scavenged materials bring nothing original to your work. You’re so full of potential, you just need to learn how to channel it properly. My offer to tutor you still stands, you know.” “I think I’m okay. Thanks,” Rey answered, looking straight ahead in hopes that if she couldn’t see him he’d go away. It didn’t work. She could still feel his eyes on her. Blissfully, blessedly, the elevator chimed. “Think about it, Rey. I’ll see you in class,” Kylo said as the doors slid open, and he continued down the hall. The only other occupant of the elevator, a petite girl in an orange hoodie, stepped to the side to make room for Rey and her artwork. “Yikes. That Kyle dude is a major creeper,” the girl said, watching Kylo’s retreating back through the closing doors. Rey nodded. The girl gestured at the metalwork. “Do you need help with that? That looks heavy as shit, dude.” “Oh, thank God, yes.” The girl laughed and helped Rey hold up her sculpture. “This thing is dope, by the way.” In the wake of Kylo’s guerilla critique and backhanded compliments, Rey glowed at the praise. She held back the urge to tell this girl all about the piece, the process, where she found the materials, the inspiration behind it. Rey had learned early that some people found being flooded with information like that off putting. Instead she simply smiled wide and said, “Thanks.” The girl smiled back just as wide. “What’s your name?” “Rey.” “I’m Jess.” The elevator chimed and the girl, Jess, passed the sculpture back to into Rey’s arms as the doors slid open. She stepped out and waved goodbye to Rey with a little two-finger salute. “I’ll see ya, Rey of Sunshine.” The doors slid closed. Notes: Way to an art kid's heart: offer to carry their projects for them I have an actual (albeit super trope-y) plot in mind for rey and jess but with poe and finn all I got rn is "they kiss n stuff, the end" Also I'm new at this whole writing thing so this might be bad, idk. The chapters will probably be longer in the future but they're just lil baby chapters right now Chapter 3 Notes: At a coffee shop because of course The Resistance Coffee House was essentially bait for hipster college kids. It opened early, closed late, and was placed right in the middle of campus. Soy milk and soft indie music flowed freely. It supposedly got its name because the owners felt they were taking a stand against corporate coffee shops à la Starbucks. Finn felt this was a bit over dramatic but the coffee was good despite the cheesy name. He and Rey often went there for lunch on Saturdays such as this one. “Yo, Rey!” came a voice, just as they had received their drinks and overpriced baked goods. He looked to the source of the voice, a pretty, dark-haired woman sitting in a booth and waving, then to Rey, who smiled wide and waved back. Rey had told him about the nice girl on the elevator who helped her hold her sculpture, and he assumed this girl was her. Jess, if he remembered right. Rey was typically somewhat hesitant to interact with people so Finn usually heard about it when she encountered someone who was nice to her. Jess motioned for them to come over. Finn followed Rey over to the booth and suddenly found it hard to breath. Sitting across from Jess was the gorgeous photographer from the other night. The photographer who he had pulled increasingly goofy faces for in an attempt to stall for enough time to build up the courage to ask for his name. Who flirted with him (at least Finn thought he was flirting, hoped he was) and hurried off before Finn could remember how to speak. He looked up and Finn watched the recognition spread across his face. “Oh, hey! Fancy meeting you here.” “Hey, Poe, right?” Finn asked as though he didn’t remember. As though he hadn’t sketched his face as soon as he’d returned to his dorm that night, before he could forget the finer details. Finn unsuccessfully tried to tell himself it wasn’t weird if it was for art, and it honestly wasn’t just because Poe was pretty (though he definitely, definitely was). His features were just so interesting, the shape of those dark eyes, the square of his hairline, the furrow between his eyebrows. And the hair, oh, the hair. Rey slide into the booth next to her new friend, leaving Finn to sit next to Poe. “You guys know each other?” Jess asked. She looked more closely at Finn’s face. “Oh, you’re the guy from those photos Poe keeps staring at!” Poe sighed heavily and glared at her before turning to Finn. “I’m working on editing them for the midterm, she means. She just likes to embarrass me because she’s a horrible friend.” Jess nodded in agreement with a smirk. Finn thought he saw Poe blush and decided he liked the idea of Poe looking at him, just before reminding himself to rein in his weird crush on this almost-stranger. Poe was introduced to Rey and Jess introduced to Finn. The four of them talked for a while. Finn learned that Poe and Jess are roommates and they live in a tiny apartment just off campus that tragically doesn’t allow dogs. They seemed fascinated when he told them he’d gone to a military high school, as their parents had been in the military when they were young. He learned that Jess was majoring in industrial design, which lead to a very animated discussion between her and Rey about power tools, and Finn promptly zoned out. His attention kept drifting back to Poe. He noticed something new every time he would sneak a glance. Crinkles around his eyes when he smiled. Chipped nail polish in a burnt orange color. A tendency to worry his bottom lip between his teeth absentmindedly. Finn knew he had a habit of becoming quickly infatuated with people. He remembered back when he first met Rey, how he harbored a brief crush on her before they really became friends. Now she was more like his long-lost sister. “Hey do you guys have plans tonight?” Jess asked, looking between Finn and Rey. “Because our friend Snap has this really terrible band--” “They’re awful,” Poe interjected with a grin. “They truly suck, but they’re playing a show at Maz’s Cantina tonight, and if you guys aren't busy later, and it’s totally cool if you are--" “A shitty band shared is a shitty band halved?” Poe looked at Finn expectantly, hopefully, eyebrows raised, and Finn is nodding before he can remember to check in with Rey. “I mean, I’m free at least. Rey?” “Sure,” she said with a shrug. Jess beamed at her. “They can’t be that bad, can they?” Jess looked sympathetic. “Oh, honey.” Poe laughed and held his phone out to Finn. “I’ll text you the details?” Finn took the phone and typed in his number, thankful that he could keep his hands from shaking. Pull yourself together, man , he thought to himself. ~ “Dameron, you gay disaster, are you gonna text him or just stare at his number?” “Shush, Pava, I’m formulating the perfect text,” he replied, still glaring intensely at his phone. “This requires careful calculation.” ~ Finn received an address and time, followed by a sunglasses emoji and two thumbs up. Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Jess would admit to being slightly prone to exaggeration, if pressed. However, there was no overstating Snap and the Squadron’s total lack of musical talent. Worse still, they were set to go on after a “post-industrial dark ambient noise band”. Jess wasn’t sure what that meant exactly but she knew she wasn’t looking forward to it. But Snap was one of the very first friends she made her freshman year and she’d be damned if she wasn’t going to support him in his misguided musical endeavors. Jess prided herself on being a good friend. Loudly and usually when she needed something, but still. She and Poe stood near the back of the venue, watching as people slowly filed in. They wore matching black t-shirts emblazoned with The Squadron’s logo screenprinted on in orange ink. Poe also happened to be wearing his coolest leather jacket and obsessively checking his phone, Jess couldn’t help but notice. “Poe likes a booo-oy,” Jess sing-songed, elbowing him in the ribs. “I am a grown man and I can admit when I like someone, Pava,” Poe replied before reaching over and flicking her ear. “So much for being a grown man,” she said, batting his hand away. “And anyway, like I said earlier, you totally were just staring at those photos of him. ‘Editing’, my ass. I walked in and you acted like I caught you watching porn.” “Untrue. Thanks for that public shaming in front of him though, that really helped my chances I’m sure.” “All blushy and embarrassed. It was kind of adorable, lil’ baby Poe’s got a crush.” “I’m a dedicated artist and was surveying my works,” he defended. “If by studying you mean gazing wistfully.” Poe rolled his eyes but seemed to give up trying to deny it. “Let’s talk about this Rey girl instead. You think she’s cute, don’t you?” “Of course she’s cute, Dameron, all women are beautiful, sublime creatures gifted from the heavens.” “Whatever. Jess likes a giii-iirl,” Poe mimicked. “You might be a grown man, but I’m not and I don’t have to admit to shit. And if I happen to have a thing for freckles and cute accents, well, that’s irrelevant.” Poe smiled smugly. Jess watched his gaze shift from her face to something behind her. She turned around and saw Rey approaching (mercifully far enough away to have been out of earshot of that last comment), smiling widely with Finn following closely behind. Jess quickly turned back to Poe. “This conversation never happened, agreed?” “Your little crush is safe with me.” Finn and Rey reached them before Jess could counter. ~ While none of the bands in the lineup were particularly well known, Maz’s was one of the most popular venues in town among college kids and free shows almost guaranteed a full house. So full that Jess found Rey pressed into her space, shoulder to shoulder. Rey didn’t seem to mind, she noted with some relief. Rey also seemed to smile and laugh at most of her jokes, many of which even Jess would admit were pretty bad. Maybe she was just being polite, but that smile was a such good reward that Jess didn’t care about looking a little bit stupid. Finally, the overhead lights dimmed as the stage lights brightened. The noise band was opening, Jess remembers. Three figures emerged; a tall blond woman in a silvery leather jacket, a severe looking redhead all in black, and lastly a tall figure, face obscured by some kind of mask, strode to centerstage. The masked figure mumbled something into the microphone as the blonde woman began playing long, droning notes on her bass guitar. “What did he say?” Finn asked, brow furrowed in confusion. “I don’t know. It’s hard to understand with the,” Poe gestured in front of his equally confused face. “Apparatus.” As the music began to pick up in tempo and volume, the man slowly reached up and began unfastening the mask. A bit melodramatic, Jess thought, but okay. He pulled the mask off and-- “Oh, shit,” Finn and Rey said almost in unison. “Hey, it’s that Kyle guy,” Jess said, almost having to shout over the music now. Rey looks somewhere between angry and exasperated. “He’s been offering to,” Rey held her fingers up in air quotes. “‘Tutor me’ for weeks.” “Meaning he’s been trying to get in Rey’s pants for weeks,” Finn explained. “Ew. Fuck that Daft Punk wannabe. Well, not fuck him like fuck him but fuck him. You know what I mean,” Jess said, gratified when Rey laughs. “Anyway, he’s kinda scrawny. I bet you could kick his ass.” So far Jess had done a pretty good job of not staring at Rey’s biceps but it was taking a lot of willpower. She noticed that next to her Poe was losing his version of that battle. She said nothing but made a mental note to make fun of him later. Rey laughed dryly. “I’m considering it.” Jess was right in her prediction that she wouldn’t like post-industrial dark ambient noise. None of the band seemed to be particularly enjoying themselves either. Even from this distance the redhead perpetually looked like he’d just bit into a sour lemon. Each song seemed to run into the next in a seemingly never-ending drone. Luckily the openers typically have the shortest set. The music ended and Kyle-- Kylo, apparently, but Jess didn’t really care-- donned his weird mask, mumbled something indiscernible into the mic and the trio walked offstage. Twenty minutes later the lights dimmed again, and Poe and Jess erupted into cheers. Finn and Rey exchanged a glance before joining in. The lights focused on a bearded, guitar-toting man in an orange jumpsuit. He was followed by a few other jumpsuit clad individuals. “How’s everyone feelin’ tonight?” Snap said into the mic. The crowd applauded. “We love you!” Poe shouted, hands cupped around his mouth. “I wanna have your babies!” Jess screamed. “Me too!” Poe yelled. Snap did a little bow. “Thanks guys.” Jess leaned into Rey. “We’re kind of the best hype-men.” Snap counted down and the band launched into a loud, fast song that was almost entirely chorus. While it was by no means good, it was fun and energetic. A circle of people in the middle of the floor began dancing, as best as they could in a dense crowd. Jess always imagined that if you played three Flaming Lips songs on top of each other it would sound a bit like Snap and the Squadron. She looked over at Rey, whose head was bobbing slightly along to the music. She seemed to be watching the crowd, lively and undulating, more than the band. She wore a small smile. “Do you wanna dance?” Jess nearly had to shout it in her ear. Rey looked flustered. “I don’t really know how!” “Ha! Neither do they,” Jess said, gesturing to the dancers in front of them. She held out her hand. “Let’s show these clowns how it’s done!” Rey only hesitated for moment before taking her hand. Notes: Did y'all know Daisy Ridley is like hella buff?? God bless Also these chapters get longer each time so either I'm sorry or you're welcome depending on your preferences, I don't know your life Chapter 5 Summary: Poe is a totally un-suave dork and cute boys fluster him, fight me on this Notes: shoutout to spellcheck (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) This had to be Poe’s quickest crush on record (excluding his childhood infatuation with Harrison Ford but everyone had one of those, let’s be honest). He felt almost personally affronted by how pretty Finn was. It was unreasonable. He loved his friend Snap and the shitty band he led but he couldn’t be bothered to focus on the show when he had someone so lovely and interesting standing so, so close to him. Finn had turning out to be immensely distracting. Poe watched his eyebrows raise up as he watched Rey follow Jess into the mass of dancing people. “You look surprised,” Poe said, leaning towards Finn so as to be heard more clearly. “Yeah, I didn’t think I’d ever see Rey dance. That’s not really her thing.” To be fair, she was mainly just trying to mirror Jess’s movements while avoiding being crushed by the surrounding people. “Good for her.” “So are you guys, like, a thing?” Poe asked, as casually as he could manage. “Me and Rey? No, we’re friends. And Rey doesn’t date anyway. Says she’s never wanted to.” “I’ll have to break the news to Jess that her feminine-ish wiles won’t work, then.” He watched her try to twirl Rey. The motion was awkward with the two of them being buffeted around by the crowd but they both seemed to be enjoying themselves. He wondered for a moment if he should ask Finn to dance with him but ultimately decided against it. “What about you?” Poe hoped his tone of voice conveyed a noncommittal curiosity, but most likely came out like a wavering croak. Fuck. “What about me what?” Finn asked with a tilt of his head, like a fucking adorable confused puppy. Fuck fuck fuck. “Do you? Date, I mean. Do you date, that is. Not that it’s my business, y’know, just met you and all, just sorta wondering, y’know, if you-- whether you-- yeah, just wondering.” In that moment, Poe prayed for a sudden and instantaneous death. He hoped the colorful stage lights hid the red of his face. He hadn’t expected blushing to become a recurring problem in his life but, well, there it is. A slow smile spread across Finn's face, and Poe felt the urge to curl up in the warmth of that smile like a cat napping in a sunbeam. “I mean, not at the moment, but I’m amenable.” He gave a small shrug. "To the right gentleman/woman/or otherwise caller." “Nice. Cool,” Poe said, trying to calm himself in the most chill, nonchalant way possible and failing. “Cool, cool.” Finn nodded, warm smile shifting into a smirk. “Cool.” Snap’s voice, a voice Poe had never been so glad to hear, cut him off before he could embarrass himself further. “We are Snap and the Squadron! I’ve been Snap, they’ve been the Squadron! You guys have been great. Thank you, goodnight!” The house lights flicked back to life and people began to file out of the room. “Hey,” Finn turned to Poe. “I think I might know a guy who can score me a Squadron t-shirt.” “Oh, do ya?” Poe laughed. “Do I know him?” “Yeah, I think you might,” Finn said, tapping the logo on the center of Poe’s chest. “I see how it is, using me for free merch. You better know what size Rey wears too, then.” ~ They met up with Jess and Rey at the bus stop outside, t-shirts in hand. The only men’s shirts left in stock were a size smaller than Finn prefered but he said he’d take one anyway. He hadn’t put it on but the mental image alone was enough to make Poe tell himself to think about literally anything else. He’d only just recovered from his previous awkward ramblings and didn’t need a second round. Rey slipped hers on overtop the shirt she already wore. Poe shrugged out of his leather jacket to better show off his own t-shirt. He and Jess gestured to the orange print on their chests to passersby, despite most of them giving them weird looks. They took their roles as hypemen (hype-persons?) very seriously. “You guys were right. They were… not great.” Finn said with a smile. He sat between Rey and Poe on the bus stop bench. “Yeah, sorry to put you through that,” Poe said with a somewhat embarrassed laugh. He was a little hyperconscious of the way his leg was pressed against Finn's, sitting next to each other like this. Finn laughed too. “No, no, don’t apologize! I had a great time.” “Yeah?” He bumped his shoulder softly against Finn’s. “I’m glad, buddy.” "Cool, cool," Finn said as he bumped back. Poe had to look down at his shoes because again with the fucking blushing. He was a junior in college, not a sixth grader, he reminded himself. Jess coughed and Poe couldn’t help but notice that it sounded suspiciously like the word “gay”. Their bus arrived first and they stood, saying their goodbyes to Finn and Rey. The two of them waved as the bus drove off. “You are horribly unsubtle, loverboy,” Jess said with an exaggerated flutter of her eyelashes. “What about you, Dancing Queen? You put the literal moves on her.” “Hey, only one of us here is a queen and it’s definitely you.” “...Fair enough.” “Also, where’s your jacket?” Poe looked around his seat but it was nowhere to be seen. “Shit,” he sighed. “I liked that jacket.” Notes: Hey, unrelated to this chapter mostly but I imagine modern!Jess with a sort of soft butch Ellen Page-y fashion sense, y'all feel me on this one? Also she has literally one line in the whole goddamn movie, why am I attached to this character??? And why am I so 150% sure that she's a lesbian??????? Why