Excerpt from the Unofficial Stormtroopers’ Guide (by FN-3404) Section 47.01 How to survive senior officers 47.01.562 If at any point, you are assigned as part of a detail onboard Lord Ren’s shuttlecraft […] the only solution is to feign death, or something terminal. No matter what you do, your odds of survival are as low as your hits-on-target. […] The medical team will understand, and will submit you for reconditioning. Lord Ren is skilled. His skills do not include keeping us alive. 47.01.563 Working on the bridge crew is normally safe, unless you are tasked to investigate strange readings/sounds/reports. In this situation, check if the ship is under attack. If so, you may be able to lie down, shoot yourself somewhere non-terminal, and wait it out. […] If not, General Hux will find out and reconditioning would be the least of your worries. 47.01.563.1 If you are on the bridge crew when General Hux and Lord Ren are both present, do not make eye-contact with anyone, ever. Do not hear anything. Do not see anything. Do not breathe loudly. It is best to pretend you do not exist, and they may forget you and you may not die. We all know how uncomfortable the tension is, but we also like staying alive to complain about it when back in our regular rotations. 47.01.563.2 If you are ever anywhere other than the bridge and you see General Hux and Lord Ren together, you are at increased risk of collateral damage (c.f. Section 103.1 How to survive Force powers, sub-section Force-choking and brain damage ) and you should turn away even if it means pretending you forgot to turn the ion cannon off. Do not approach. Do not approach under any circumstances. General Hux and Lord Ren do not play Pazaak together and you will be liable for any off-shoot of their interactions. REMEMBER FN-7331. 47.01.563.3 It has come to my attention that it is now even more dangerous to approach General Hux and Lord Ren. I don’t entirely remember why, but it was a key part of my latest reconditioning. […] I will no longer enter armoury rooms unannounced. […] I will no longer enter cleaning cupboards unannounced. […] I will no longer enter maintenance hatches unannounced. […] I do not know what Lord Ren looks like unmasked. […] I don’t think I got Force-choked. […] I keep having flashes of ginger pubes. […] I’m going to ask for more reconditioning.