Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey had stumbled upon it totally by accident. The first few times she felt Kylo Ren’s pain through their newly forged Force Bond, she had been debilitated by the sheer intensity of it. Luke had guided her back to sanity and taught her how to build walls to reduce the level of pain she felt when he was being trained by Snoke. Kylo’s pain had become somewhat manageable in her system, though it still felt like a thundering headache and made her limbs heavy with frustration. He was in pain more often than not and she could only imagine what he was actually experiencing. Back on Jakku, she had discovered that she could alleviate headaches by pleasuring herself and once she recalled this distant, yet pertinent piece of information, she feigned needing to rest when the next Kylo induced headache seeped into her mind and hurried off to her private room. It wasn’t like she could train in this condition anyway. She had been overjoyed to find that her release had indeed shattered the pain in her head. It had been a rough start to activate her arousal, her fingers desperately gliding and willing her body to respond under the pressure of his pain, but once she found it she fanned it with well-practiced motions until she shook from her orgasm. What she hadn’t expected, or even considered for that matter, was that her pleasure would effect Kylo Ren in the same way his pain had effected her. Her headache was gone and yet, so was his. She could feel his confusion and relief through their bond. The next several times it happened, she swore to herself she didn’t care that it helped him as well, she was only doing it for herself, but the more relief he found at her eager hand the more she started to realize he was able to withstand the pain of his training better, which ultimately benefited both of them. Before long, she was doing it for him and in return, he started doing the same thing for her. She had twisted her ankle and was hobbling back to the hut the first time he had returned the favor. She felt his pleasure wash into her body and mind, like a gentle wave lapping at the shore. This was also the first time she realized he had been able to feel her entire process when she did it for him, not just her orgasms. At the first caress of pleasure, she stopped and held her breath to focus on the feeling. Whatever he was doing wasn’t face paced. It fluttered through her body, settling mostly between her legs. She wondered if he felt her pain in his ankle as well or if it manifested somewhere else in his body. Her pain wasn’t that bad, causing her to wonder if he had been waiting for any sort of physical discomfort in her system to return the favor. She did her best to hurry back to her private room, unsure of what the end game of this would feel like and she wasn’t ready to tell Master Luke about it or worse, have him witness it. She had no clue how it manifested on the receiving end. Had Kylo physically orgasmed when she had been the one instigating it? Or had it been just a general wave of pleasure? She hadn’t considered his side of it much, only aware of his relief and sense of gratitude towards her after she had abated his pain. Rey’s ass barely hit the mattress of her small bed when she felt a surge of pleasure weaken her knees. Oh kriff, it was almost as if she was being directly stimulated. She silently thanked the maker that Luke had stayed behind on the hillside to meditate when she hobbled off to put her ankle up. Another wave of pleasure rolled through her entire body and Rey bit her lower lip as she gently lifted her injured ankle to the bed and then shifted to lie down. She closed her eyes, wanting to fully experience this without being distracted. He had found that edge, the one that leaps from lazy stimulation to full on pleasure that could be tipped and ridden. He hadn’t ridden it yet though, he was drawing it out much like she enjoyed doing herself. She only realized she had been chanting thank you, thank you, thank you, over and over in her head when she felt him smile and whisper my pleasure . It was the first time they’d communicated with words through the bond. She almost snorted at his particular choice of words. It was his pleasure, literally. It was also hers now though and her hips twisted as his self-exploration coiled like heat in all the right places. She was tempted to join him, to touch herself and fight with him to see who would tip the other first, but there was a deeper need begging her to experience it from his hand alone. She needed to know what she had been doing to him all this time. Her body had never felt as much out of her control as it did now and she could only wait to see how long he could skim the edge of release. She had a frighteningly exhilarating feeling that with his mental and physical discipline she might be in for a long afternoon of writhing in ecstasy. Rey licked her lips when she felt a more intense peak than before. She moaned in frustration when it receded without relief. Kriff, he was teasing her. And he was good at it. She had never teased him like this, always choosing to soothe the pain as best she could by prolonging her pleasure but what if he didn’t know that, what if this was some sort of deliberate payback at taking over his body at inopportune times? She had been offering him a lot of pain relief recently and didn’t have a clue if she’d interrupted him or embarrassed him in front of others. An image of him doubled over, hand against a corridor wall of the Finalizer to steady himself flashed in her mind and she knew he had sent it in confirmation that yes indeed, she had caught him off guard a time or two. She was half drunk with lust and need when she heard him again. You have no idea how crazy you make me. Rey moaned. He sounded totally wrecked and it was the hottest thing she’d ever heard. If this is what he could do just by touching himself and whispering through the force, she imagined she’d explode if they were actually touching each other. Her legs spread on their own as if welcoming him. The fact that she was still fully clothed and alone didn’t even register. Her hands gripped at the blanket she was resting on top of and she moaned again when she felt her body start to tremble. She could tell she was closer to the edge than he was, her body unable to hold off even if his could. Kylo must have sensed her impending release because suddenly, it was all she could do breathe. He tipped over the edge. Her head tilted back, her lower back lifted off the bed and she felt a pleasure like none other. She not only felt his orgasm full force, but hers as well. She laid there, in a boneless, sweaty heap, feeling the twitch of contractions deep within her body, the pain in her ankle a forgotten memory. Her mind wandered into the force, seeking out his. Next time, I’m touching myself when you do that, she said to let him know that that volcanic eruption had been all his doing, she’d just been along for the ride. She was starting to sit up and get her bearings when she heard his reply. Next time, I’m touching you when I do that. That’s when she realized that Kylo Ren had rummaged around her mind in her post-orgasmic bliss and gently extracted her location. And for once, she just didn’t care. Kriff, she was so screwed—well, hopefully. - Notes: I'm not new to fanfiction, but I'm new to Reylo! And sweet jeezus, it's the BEST. SHIP. EVER. Chapter 2 Notes: This chapter is all about Kylo's experience of Rey's newfound method of alleviating his pain. They will meet up in person in the next chapter. The first time he felt it, he had been suffering immensely and thought the pleasure was some otherworldly or ethereal indication that he was finally dying. His mind had been so hammered that he couldn’t process what was happening until he felt his cock harden. Dressed fully in a new mask and robes, he had stared down at his crotch for a long minute in confusion and started to think maybe he was really dying until he skimmed their bond and discovered that the source of this particular affliction was the coming from the scavenger. Force, she was touching herself. And he could feel it. He became aware of their Force Bond when he’d attempted to extract the map and thus built up walls to keep her out of his mind while he finished his training with Snoke, but until this happened he had no idea they could share sensory feelings. That’s also when he realized that if he could feel her pleasure, she had undoubtedly been feeling his pain. He swallowed hard at the thought that she had been suffering because he was still weak. He dropped his mental walls when he felt her pleasure course through his body to better observe the fundamentals of this strange force phenomenon. Pain throbbed between his temples while heat raged through his groin, spreading rampantly throughout his body as if he were touching himself. It was truly amazing and her timing could not have been better as he had just returned to his private quarters to rest after a brutal training session. If she had started during his training, he would have been ill prepared to hide it from Snoke, but now that he knew it was possible, he could possibly find a way to hide it from his teacher in case it happened again. Kylo Ren’s body hummed with arousal. Now fully allowing their connection, he knew she was feeling his current pain, yet was unclear as to why she would choose to touch herself under such conditions. It certainly seemed like an odd time to find oneself in the mood. He could also tell that she seemed rather oblivious to him poking around their open connection. He kept glancing down at the tent in his pants as he removed his heavy outer robes and draped them over a chair, everything but his pants followed. He was sweating from the pain and moved toward the fresher in his bare feet in search of a long, hot shower. The heat from the water had always helped him relax, but he barely made it a few steps before a wave of her pleasure reached into him so deeply that it tore a moan from his lips. As the enjoyable sensation increased, the pain in his head started to lift while his cock throbbed with need. Intrigued and unsure of what was to come, he changed course and collapsed heavily onto his bed. He could always shower afterwards. He knew little about Force Bonds, but what he did know had not prepared him for shared sexual pleasure. Ideas of how he could exploit this floated through his mind as he considered the possibilities of this fascinating turn of events. He slung one arm over his bare stomach while his other hand pressed circles into his temple. The pressure in his cock was becoming more and more demanding and with a frustrated grunt he finally caved in, lifting his hips to slide his pants off. The stretch of removing his clothes felt good on his sore and tense muscles. Kylo’s mind was still recovering and it was all he could do to just lie there and let whatever was about to happen, happen. He reached down and tugged at his balls to alleviate some of the pressure, but he wouldn’t touch himself otherwise if he could help it. He’d spent years channeling his sexual energy into his training and foregoing daily urges until they were well under his mental control and he wasn’t about to give all that up because his dick was hard. He also had no intention of letting her know that what she was doing would incite his participation. He ran a hand through his hair, scratching at his scalp to keep it from reaching between his legs. He loudly blew out a deep breath when he felt another surge of her pleasure spike in his groin. The intensity of it through the force captivated him as much as it did push him toward an inevitable release. He knew if she came, he’d come right along with her and with the way the pleasure was building, he knew their release was imminent. Kylo closed his eyes and imagined her naked with her hand moving between spread legs, her mouth parted and her face tense with desire. The picture was intoxicating. His cock twitched and swelled from her ministrations, eager and wanting for everything she had to offer. And then he felt her crest. His mind tumbled into his body. It was glorious and he barely got his hand around his cock as he ejaculated. It had been so long since he’d last released that he felt it would never end. When it was over, his chest and abdomen were painted with his induced orgasm. He briefly considered thanking her before deciding against it. His fingers touched the wet spots on his chest and he swallowed harder than usual, his breath a bit erratic. Confused by what had happened, yet sated and more relaxed than he’d been in years, Kylo realized the pain in his head was gone, which meant the pain in her head was gone too. He wondered if she could be so clever as to realize she could relieve their shared pain or if was just a happy accident that she had found herself needing to scratch an itch while he was practically dragging his anguished and addled mind back to his room from across the ship. Rey’s indulgent frolicking happened several more times before he slipped quietly into her mind right after they orgasmed to investigate her reason for becoming a horny junkrat, who apparently had nothing better to do with her time than play with herself. As it was turning out, he also had nothing better to do with his time than train and wait for her urges to briskly send him back to his quarters. He wasn’t complaining. Not at all. Hux had even commented at how much calmer Kylo Ren seemed in recent weeks, ignorantly attributing his newfound emotional stability and overall ease to the Supreme Leader’s masterful training. Kylo had remained expressionless behind his mask at Hux’s ridiculous commentary in regards to his affairs. He would hardly give the Supreme Leader any credit for his more relaxed demeanor. Snoke was pushing him to limits he could barely manage and the only thing keeping his mind tethered to this realm was her and her relentless pursuits of carnal pleasure. He had wondered if she was experiencing some sort of sexual awakening, hence the new, intense and obsessive relationship with her own body, but upon skimming her consciousness he found her reasoning much more startling—she was doing it to alleviate his pain. And not just to alleviate his pain from her, but to remove it from him as well. His well-being was the reason she kept her hand buried between her legs. Kylo’s mouth had gone dry at the realization and if he hadn’t just come all over himself from her rigorous self-fondling, he would have taken himself in hand right then to let her know what her comings and goings felt like on his side of the equation. He had yet to participate during one of her sessions, refusing to succumb to his own weakness (this was clearly her weakness), but now he had an entirely different idea of how to proceed. No one had ever cared enough about his suffering, always overestimating his threshold and pushing him to withstand atrocities that would send most men into an early grave, and all because he was strong with the force—as if that made him any less human. But this girl, Rey , had felt what he felt and instead of antagonizing him further, she had shown him compassion—and a great deal of her insatiable libido. Even though Rey had started twice while he was in the presence of others, he found he had no interest in humiliating her in front of Luke, with whom he had gleaned she was currently training with on a planet he could not place. He offhandedly considered that she might not know that Luke would be quite aware of what she’d been doing. The old Jedi could feign ignorance when it suited him, but it was more than likely that he’d picked up on their Force Bond and her extracurricular activities. Kylo had been waiting until he felt the first inklings of her pain to return the favor. A dull throb in his ankle alerted him that it was time. It was hardly enough pain to justify what he was going to do, but he wasn’t doing it just to relieve her discomfort, he was ready to command her body and make her his. Plus, he wanted her to know that he was quite aware of just how naughty she had been. It had taken an incredible amount of self-control not to touch himself the many times she’d done it or even in between her frequent sessions when he found himself aroused at the thought of her rambunctious hands sliding around the juncture between her legs, but he had been saving his first session as a surprise for her and it was bound to be worth the wait. Upon feeling her pain, he immediately returned to his quarters, leaving Hux mid-sentence about a new shipment of blasters that he could care less about if they ever arrived or got sucked into a black hole. He was already hard in anticipation, his mind racing toward the finish line with images of her naked and sweaty and writhing because of what he was about to do. As soon as he was locked inside his room, he discarded his mask and bulkier outer layers and found it amusing that his hands shook a bit as he reached for his waistband. He dropped his pants and left them in a puddle by the door as he moved to his bed. He usually took more time getting his gloves off, but today he had the fingers of one between his teeth, urgently tugging the leather loose. He flung them across the room and then wrapped his bare hand around his cock, taking a moment to center himself with a deep breath before giving it a few good strokes. He started slowly in order to give her time to realize what was happening and seek privacy. While he waited, he deliberately tapped into her emotions and felt her surprise and excitement. She knew exactly what he was doing and it made him harder to know she was open and willing. He held back as long as he could, but then his arousal suddenly surged. He bit at his lower lip. The pleasure was exquisite. His mouth turned up in a grin when he heard her voice wafting through the bond, thank you, thank you, thank you. Her pleas of gratitude made him feel like her champion and he vowed to pull those words from her lips again and again. High with pride, he decided to reply, effectively revealing just how involved their bond really was and that they could not only get each other off, but they could speak to each other. My pleasure, he said, all the while his hand sliding faster along his cock. His hair was starting to stick to his face a little but paid it no mind, this was all for her, his little scavenger who needed a lesson in reciprocity. Kylo slowed himself a bit and started a deliberate climb of pleasure that he controlled and would pull off of just before orgasm. He knew she would feel every dip and rise right along with him and he wanted to draw it out for her, for himself, for them . He felt her push up against his mind with a twinge of anxiety. She hadn’t realized that this was what happened on the receiving end of it and worried she might have put him in an embarrassing situation one of the many times she had instigated this type of thing. It pleased Kylo that she was concerned about him so he showed her the time he’d nearly come in his pants as he moved along the corridor because she’d been as quick as a jackrabbit. His fist moved faster. Force, he couldn’t stop imagining her underneath him, her hands buried in his hair and her legs wrapped around his waist. You have no idea how crazy you make me, he said through the bond. He had to see her, he had known that since the first time this had happened, but something about this time was different, more meaningful, because he could sense that she wanted him —and discovering that was his ultimate tipping point. He came all over his hand, reveling in the pleasure for a short moment before slipping deeper into their bond. He knew her mind would be wide open from the orgasm and he took advantage of it. Her location was there, right on the surface as if she’d wanted him to know exactly where she was, though he doubted she was conscious of it. Her subconscious, however, revealed her deepest desires. Ach-To. He had the coordinates and he had finally seen that troublesome piece of map. Had he known all he had to do was masturbate to get her to show it to him, he would have gladly done so on Starkiller. Next time, I’m touching myself when you do that, he heard her say and he smiled. Next time. She wanted him to do it again and he would most certainly oblige. Next time, I’m touching you when I do that, Kylo replied, letting her see that he had her location. And just as he suspected, he felt her excitement swell at the idea that he was going to drop in for a visit. He couldn’t wait to get his hands on her. _ Chapter 3 Summary: Kylo Ren arrives on Ach-To. Notes: Since this was originally just a one-shot that turned into a two-shot and now a chapter fic, it took me awhile to devise an actual plot. Merry Sithmas! One would have thought that the moment they finally were in each other’s presence again that sparks would fly and they’d be a glorious and jumbled mess of limbs, their passion lighting up the night sky, but no, that wasn’t to be their fate. Instead, the sun was above them at high noon and they stood upon the highest point of the island on grassy knoll in front of Kylo Ren’s sleek black ship, glancing awkwardly between each other and one scowling Luke Skywalker. Rey was glad he didn’t have his mask on when he had disembarked from the ship. She hated that thing and her heart fluttered at the way his hair ruffled in the wind. She held back the impulse to run to his side, her emotions battling against one another. On one hand, she couldn’t believe how flustered and turned on she felt just be seeing Kylo Ren again, while on the other hand, she feared for his life. She had seen Master Luke’s current stance before during her lightsaber training drills and that spelled all sorts of trouble for them if things escalated. Luke reached for his saber. “Stop!” Rey jumped in between them before he could ignite it, her smaller body shielding Kylo Ren’s. "Don’t hurt him. I feel his pain… we…we’re…” She stammered, looking over her shoulder for help in explaining this thing between them. Kylo said nothing, his attention remained acutely trained on Luke and his hand hovered over the hilt of his saber, which was thankfully still clipped to his belt. She could tell it was only a defensive move and that he had no intention of attacking either of them. Luke slowly shifted his eyes to Rey. “Bonded by the force,” the Jedi said and then tucked his saber into the folds of his robes. He sighed and held up his real hand before either of them could speak. “I suspected as much. I assume that’s why you have come here alone.” He gestured to Kylo Ren. Rey stepped to the side, her eyes tracing the lines of his lips in eagerness to hear his voice again. She loved his voice, had felt it sink into the depths of her bones when she first heard it without the modulator, but it wasn’t until she heard it wrecked and confessing how crazy she made him that she could finally admit that Kylo Ren’s voice was the most irresistible thing she’d ever heard. Kylo cautiously removed his hand from the hilt of his saber. “Yes, I have come to discuss the implications of the bond. It is rather“—he glanced at Rey then back to Luke—“troublesome.” Rey’s stomach lurched. Troublesome? If his experience of it was troublesome, did he not share her excitement? It was all she could think about, he was all she could think about. She pushed toward his mind searching for the truth behind his words, but she could not sense anything. He was keeping her out and it made her angry. In fact, she felt like he hadn’t really acknowledged her at all since stepping out of his annoyingly stupid bat shaped ship. But just because he could keep his mind closed off did not mean he had the same control over his body, there were other ways to get his attention. Desperate to connect with him, she pinched her arm. Hard. Kylo’s hand jerked to cover the matching spot on his arm. His head snapped in her direction, his eyes narrow and indignant. “Stop that.” “Oh my,” Luke said. The Jedi’s face fell. “You felt that? You felt the pinch that easily?” “I felt it. Though there was no reason for it.” Kylo growled through his teeth. His agitation resonated through their bond, but Rey didn’t regret doing it, because he had finally acknowledged her. While she’d been hoping for a more delightful reunion, this was pretty much on par with their other run-ins and she sort of liked the discord between them. Luke gave a deep rumble then turned away from them, rubbing his hand over his beard—his tell-tale sign of deep contemplation. Not knowing exactly how long she had before his attention returned to them, Rey seized the opportunity and approached Kylo. Her heart thumped wildly in her chest and her nerves rattled with excitement and insecurity. She had anticipated feeling brazen and confident after what they’d shared, but instead she was shy and self-conscious. The worst part was that she wanted to impress him—him, Kylo Ren, the galaxy’s most dangerous and incorrigible man. She pushed down the thought that she had referred to him as a man and not a monster. “He’s going to make you leave,” she whispered toward the gloss of his black boots, unable to meet his gaze this close. Kylo turned into her body and his face descended toward hers. “I want to tear your clothes off,” he whispered hotly in her ear. Her eyes snapped up to his. “Have you lost your mind!” She tried to whisper, but it was more of a bark. Rey’s face burned as images of his big hands divesting her of her clothing came to mind—and they weren’t even from his mind, they were all hers. Dear force, he was her greatest fantasy come alive, but she didn’t need for Luke Skywalker to know that. A quick glance proved that was Luke still preoccupied with his thoughts, standing near the edge of a cliff with his back to them. She pursed her lips and jerked her head at Luke in a silent signal to remind Kylo they still had one giant Jedi problem to contend with. Kylo Ren smirked. “He will be accommodating. He’s working out the ramifications of the bond now. It’ll only take him a few minutes to realize that the best option is to invite me to stay. As his guest.” If Rey hadn’t thought he was crazy before all this, she certainly thought so now. “He’s not going to invite you to stay,” she hissed. He was maddeningly sexy, but clearly delusional and stupid and— “You cannot leave,” Luke said suddenly and they both turned to look at him. “You have to stay with us until we figure this out. It’s too dangerous otherwise.” Rey nearly fainted from shock. Kylo Ren nodded in agreement. “I’ve already disable the ship’s trackers and communication system. No one knows I’m here and I prefer to keep it that way.” “Very well. Conceal the ship, you’ll stay with us at the temple,” Luke said. Somehow in the last thirty seconds, the two men had come to an understanding before Rey could even comprehend what was going on. Expecting an explanation, she felt sidelined and ignored as Luke started the downhill trek back to their small camp and Kylo Ren headed in the other direction, back into his ship. She could only follow one of them so Rey hurried up the ramp after Kylo. “Where are you going?” “To get my things,” he said, strolling deeper into the shuttle. “Care to explain what that was all about?” Rey pointed back toward the open bay door, to the grassy area where Luke had welcomed Kylo Ren to move in with them. She wanted him there, she really did, but her brain was jammed with things that didn’t make sense. He continued ahead of her, guiding them around a corner without answering. A shiny capacitor coil in the corridor caught her eye and she ogled it. She’d been thinking of how she would have gotten five full rations for it on Jakku when she found herself pinned against a cold metal wall. She gasped. She had taken her eyes off of him for one measly second and he had taken advantage of it, not that she was complaining. The enormity of his body pressed into hers let loose a cocktail of want and need into her bloodstream. The soft smell of leather invaded her nose, summoning the memory of when she had first inhaled it and labeled it as uniquely Kylo Ren. It had been the moment after his provocative warning— you know I can take whatever I want —when he had leaned into her, the leather gloves almost touching her face as he pushed his way into her mind. Now against the wall, wearing those same gloves, his hand slid down her arm as his face drew closer to hers and Rey held her breath, waiting for what she hoped was a kiss. She swallowed and tilted her chin up, vaguely aware that she was clutching his forearm. She was certainly not as full of light as everyone hoped because she wanted his dark side inside of her so badly. His lips ghosted across her chin, bypassing her mouth on their way up to her ear. “You are the naughtiest little thing in the entire galaxy and I’m going to make sure you are appropriately dealt with for all of your transgressions, but not yet, Rey. Tonight.” And then he stepped back and went to gather his mysterious things, leaving Rey to sag against the wall. Force, she was already willing to give him everything and that terrified her. She needed to regroup and get a hold of herself. * Kylo Ren had not had this much fun since…well, ever really. Teasing her was by far his favorite activity and he relished seeing passion in her eyes, passion for him. Luke Skywalker would be the least of their problems. The Jedi had already pieced together the truth of how their bond could become their greatest weakness and it seemed Rey was the only one who hadn’t quite caught on. That’s probably because she spent her days with her hands between her legs instead of doing her meditations or thinking about the bigger picture. Upon exiting his ship, he found it amusing to see that Rey had distanced herself by waiting for him back on the grassy knoll. He could feel the conflict of need and reluctance radiating off of her and it propelled him toward her as if she were warm sunlight. When he had arrived, he had half expected her to either jump into his arms or put up enough of a fight to make him work for what they both knew was inevitable. He felt that she wanted him, but couldn’t quite let go and admit it yet so it seemed he was to work for it. Frankly, he wouldn’t want it any other way. Navigating the push and pull of their tumultuous relationship and force bond appealed to him greatly. As he approached, he locked eyes with her and felt a grin upon his face. This bond, this girl, had completely changed the game. All of his priorities had shifted in the blink of an eye and he knew their destinies were deeply entwined. And before morning, he knew their bodies would be entwined if he could lull Luke into leaving them alone. “Why are you really here?” Rey straightened up just as he got to her side. Kylo waited a beat, devouring the details of her face. Her forehead, her furrowed eyebrows, the slope of her nose, the fierceness of her eyes, it all beckoned his devout attention. “You know exactly why I have come,” he said. Rey crossed her arms. “You came all the way here just for that?” Clearly this was one of those moments he was to work for it. He shifted his bag from one had to the other and started down the hill, leaving her gawking after him. He heard her scurry to catch up and when she fell into step behind him he called over his shoulder, “I’m here to finish what you started.” “You can’t be serious.” She sidled up next to him. “You think we’re going to do that just because you’re here?” Kylo abruptly stopped, causing her to jerk into a standstill as well. “In all seriousness,” he said, “while the bond has revealed certain enjoyable and unexpected perks, there is far more to it than just that .” He stressed that in the same way ridiculous way she had said it. They had been sharing sexual pleasure for weeks, surely she could speak more candidly about it by now. Rey’s clenched jaw and silent stare gave him pause. He softened. “You really haven’t considered the other possibilities, have you?” It was easy to forget that while she was an extremely powerful force user, she was still new to this world and everything it contained. “What other possibilities?” If she could shoot fire from her eyes, he’d be aflame. He studied her face, committing the gold flecks in her irises to memory in case the truth snuffed out their light. He imagined her safely back on Jakku, having never encountered the BB unit and spending her days free of him and the horrific consequences of their destiny, free of his pain. “It can be used as a weapon against us,” he said. “A weapon? But how?" she asked and then inhaled sharply as the answer revealed itself in her mind. "If they hurt you, I'd feel it.” “Rey…” But then her eyes widened and her hand covered her mouth. “No. Oh no, no, no, no, no. They would torture me to hurt to you… but they wouldn't, would they? They're my friends...” Kylo understood her fear. The moment he had realized the bond made them each other’s greatest weakness, he had thrown his new mask across the room. Years of rooting out anything weak, becoming strong with the force, all of it was for naught as this one irreversible twist of fate ripped his carefully crafted armor apart, leaving him with an incredibly vulnerable underbelly. He considered pulling her into his arms but while they had been strangely intimate, they really didn’t know each other outside of their linked episodes of passion and the few emotionally charged confrontations where she had wanted to kill him. He doubted she’d accept his comfort. Somber, he met her eyes. “Rey, there is a real possibility that if one of us dies, so does the other.” “What?” She blinked. The force started vibrating around them. She began stepping back, eyes unfocused on her surroundings, and Kylo instinctually dropped his bag and reached for her before her heel could find the sharp edge of the path. He guided her into his chest, engulfing her in his arms. Something about their physical contact this time opened their connection and he felt a satisfying warmth swell between them. Tenderness. Compassion. Love. He resisted it and ground his teeth at the draw of the light, but he was overwhelmed by its graceful presence. This girl had irrevocably changed everything and Kylo Ren knew they were in for a long fall before the ground settled easily under their feet again. The tension began draining out of Rey’s body as she relaxed against him and he pulled her even closer to soothe her slight trembling. When she naturally leaned back a few inches and tilted her face up toward his, he smoothed a stray wisp of her hair back near her temple, his hand lingering along her cheek. A search of her eyes proved that the brilliant gold flecks had survived, their glint still twinkling bright. He saw everything in her eyes, everything that ever mattered was there, alive and looking back at him with reverence and awe. The force swept around their feet, swirling up their bodies until they were completely cocooned by it. The thrum of their heartbeats whispered through the bond and he felt their combined rhythm in his chest—hers slightly faster than his—as much as he heard it. The energy between them guided his lips down to hers. He had wanted to wait, to have plenty of time to feel every single sensation between them when they began physically exploring the sexual side of their bond, but this was magnetic. His lips moved gently against hers and she responded in kind. She shifted in his arms, bringing them closer as the press of their lips, first chaste and sweet, drew them deeper. It was strange to kiss her and not feel the intense sexual arousal he had become accustomed to with her. He couldn’t quite pinpoint any particular sensation coming from her as it was a blend of them both, subtle, palpable, yet different than he had imagined. Her emotions layered themselves between his, binding them together. Her joy buoyantly floated above his happiness. Her nervousness skittered around his insecurity and her trust, it slammed into his yearning for acceptance, forging a balance that sent forth another surge of her energy as she reacted to their emotional fusion. As it grew in intensity, he couldn’t believe what he was feeling from her—belonging. He broke the kiss, overwhelmed by her outpouring of emotion, and leaned his forehead against hers. He chased that feeling. It was a feeling he hadn’t felt in so long and though he had convinced himself that the dark side offered it, he was sure now that he had been deluding himself. It offered power, but through separation, not through belonging. While he wanted her, this moment was about something else entirely. It was about true connection, emotional intimacy, and it swallowed him whole. It was pure bliss and he felt the light stronger in him than ever before. And then Rey shattered the moment with her tart little mouth. “Don’t think that just because things have happened through the bond that you can just do whatever you want. I’m not just going to roll over and give you everything.” She pulled away from him and yanked her slightly askew vest back into place. Her pursuit of control over their situation was endearing and completely futile—the force clearly wanted them together. Kylo chose his next words carefully as a welcomed excitement thrummed through him. “I’ll be sure to think about that tonight when I spend hours bringing myself to the brink without relief. The amount of discipline I have is quite incredible. But then you’ll find that out for yourself, won’t you?” he said, pleased with the way her mouth jaw dropped open. He then bent over and picked up his bag and started back down the small rocky path. He heard the crunch of her feet along the rocky terrain as she hurried to catch up. “You’re overlooking something,” she said, her voice dancing with glee. “I can take care of myself in less than a minute and then you’ll be spent. You won’t be able to go again for a while and I can come quickly as many times as I need to make sure you can't draw it out.” Kylo kept walking, lengthening his strides to keep her from seeing his smile. “Yes, I know. I had to incinerate a pair of pants once thanks to your inability to hold back and prolong the finer things.” “Oh please!” Rey darted around behind him on the narrow path. “You could’ve just washed them.” Kylo picked up the pace, relieved to be back to their natural banter. “What an ingenious idea,” he said, flicking his free hand over his shoulder. “I’m sure every commander of a major galactic regime wants to hand over their come stained pants to the laundry attendants. And sheets. And I’m sure all of his underlings would be respectful and understand that their great leader simply couldn’t control himself because he was being milked dry by an oblivious and well-meaning scavenger girl through the force who couldn’t keep her damn hands out of her pants for longer than ONE SINGLE DAY!” “I didn’t know, okay, I’m sorry,” she said, still trying to keep pace with him. “How could I know what was happening to you until you did it in return? I wouldn’t have done it so much had I known.” Kylo Ren stopped, a few small rocks careened down the hill as his feet shifted. She skidded to a halt as well. He rounded on her. “You did it thirty-seven times in three weeks!” “You were in a lot of pain!” A strangled roar erupted from Rey’s throat. “If it was bothering you so much why didn’t you let me know earlier so I could have stopped?” Well, now she had stumbled upon something he couldn’t deny or properly comment on. Kylo looked down and away from her inquisitive eyes. “You liked it!” Rey smacked his arm. “That’s why you didn’t let me know! You unbelievable dirty rotten—“ “Of course I liked it, I came thirty-seven times in three weeks and didn’t have to do any of the work,” Kylo said, dodging a second smack. Oddly enough, their bickering turned him on. Immensely. “Thirty-eight. Don’t forget the one time you actually did the work.” Rey jabbed a finger at him. “ Once . You only did it once.” Kylo rolled his eyes. “And then I flew all the way across the galaxy to take care of it in person. Gee, what a lazy ass I am.” “I didn’t ask you to come here!” Rey shook her hands at him. Kylo thrust his face towards hers. “Yes, you did. Thirty-seven times!” They stood there, on the side of that never ending hill, glaring at one another and for a long moment the wind was the only thing that moved, even the force was eerily still. It was cool on the island, but Kylo’s blood burned through his veins, further rousing the instinct to crush as many parts of their bodies together as he could until they were drained and sated. Rey opened her mouth to speak but then shut it. It gave him just enough time to reign himself back in. He needed to resist the impulses that surged through him if they were going to make it through the day without grass stains on their knees, not that it wouldn’t be fun another time, but he still had plans for their first real encounter and force be damned if he was going to take her on the side of a hill instead of in a bed like she deserved. “What did you think was going to happen, Rey? That we’d spend the rest of our lives trying to kill each other while secretly getting each other off and pretending like it didn’t mean something? That’s not sustainable and you know it. The force bonded us to each other for a reason and it means for us to work together so I came here to do that. Work together.” Kylo said in a rampage of truth. “There’s more to all of this than just pleasure.” Rey’s eyes flit across his face as if assessing the sincerity of what he had said. The wind blew Kylo’s hair into his line of vision. He swept the stray locks back over his forehead while she just stood there, staring. He really had no idea what she was thinking and he was too riled up to even bother checking her mind, not that’d she’d let him anyway. They could keep each other out of their minds, but apparently their bodies were open season. Finally, Rey gave him a curt nod. “Fine. I’m willing to work together to get to the bottom of this, but we’re not even, not by a long shot. You still owe me thirty-six times.” With that, she bustled past him, slightly knocking him off balance as she stomped down the path. Kylo Ren stared after her, transfixed. Thirty-six? He’d give her a million. -