Setting the Trap Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Please join the Hux family for our annual WINTER GALA Saturday, December 17 th 7:00 pm to 12:00 am Cocktails – Dinner - Dancing Tampa Convention Center Theme: Formal Masquerade Finn’s eyes widened in shock when he found it in the mail. Held between his gloved thumb and index finger he examined the glossy paper. There was little risk of it being poisoned, but he still held it as far from his body as possible. What it was, was a custom-made invite to the winter gala, decorated with intricate royal blue and gold snowflakes. Everything about this situation was normal except there was no return envelope so he could decline the invitation. Assuming he wouldn’t receive an invite this year, Finn couldn’t stop the frown or the crease on his forehead from forming. The fact that he received one at all showed his family didn’t take his defection very seriously. “Dammit”, he muttered under his breath. Biting his lip, he didn't know what to do. One did not say no to the Hux family lightly, even if one was also a member of said family. It was viewed as an insult, and it was never wise to insult a Hux. Still not finding a solution to his problem he tried to clear his head. “Dammit!”, he said louder. As he entered his office he dropped a matching invite on the desk of his assistant Slip. That wasn’t his real name of course, but most people Finn knew went by nicknames these days. Slip was one of Finn’s closest friends. When Finn finally made the decision to leave the family business Slip wasn’t far behind. Finn was young but he was bright. He didn’t fail to miss that his father agreed to let him leave the Order on the condition that he took Slip with him. It was probably for the best. Who he shares a last name with isn’t a secret, and as a result he always had a target on his back. So in addition to being Finn’s childhood friend and assistant at his company, Slip was also his bodyguard. By all accounts he wasn’t a very good one, but Finn’s father appreciated having people you could trust to watch your back. So he allowed it. He also sent one of his own guards to discreetly keep an eye on Finn as well. Although this guard kept a low profile, Finn was a smart man so he knew the older man was never too far away. The Hux family didn’t do themes for their winter gala often, but Finn used to enjoy those events the most. Dropping the extra invite on Slip’s desk, Finn asked about his first appointment for the day. “Let’s see. Her name is Sana…Solo, or Starros. I’m not sure. Basically, her message said she’s looking for her husband who she claims conned her, and ran off with some chick named… Leia?” Slip shook his head. Why do people still fall for these con artists ? Finn sighed and ran his hand down his face. The day just started and he was already tired. Although business was good he usually never got anything more interesting than this; finding people so they could be taken to court. Honest Investigations was Finn’s company that he financed himself using his military stipend. Even though it wasn’t very stimulating work, Finn preferred doing something that wasn’t connected to his family. “Send her in…5 minutes”, he replied after glancing at his watch. Then he retreated to his private office. It was always expected that he would finish his time in the military and then join the family business like his older brother Brendol. The look on his father’s face when he said he was cutting off ties was not one he would soon forget. The amused smirk sent his anxiety through the roof. His father agreed to it though, although sometimes he worried that it was all too easy. His family was not one you could just walk away from. The fact that his father had to permit it at all constantly hung over his head. Finn didn’t truly feel free of them, he felt permitted to entertain a whim. It was sort of like the saying of sowing your wild oats before committing to a relationship. His family assumed that after he had some time to do what he wanted, he would return more dedicated to the Order. His meeting with Sana left him a little bit frazzled. She wanted to skip the usual pleasantries and get right to business. It looked like she had recently acquired a large inheritance and in swooped this Han fella. Apparently he was super suave and they got married six months after meeting. Another three months after that he was gone. Just after he emptied their joint account. Now Sana wanted Finn to find Han so she could give him a piece of her fist mind. Slip chuckled when Sana left the company’s suite. He wasn’t sure how long Finn was going to stick with this investigative thing, and he shook his head because he knew about Finn’s love-hate feelings about it. Sliding into Finn’s office, Slip stood in front of his desk with his thumbs hooked in his pants pockets. “So, who’s gonna be your plus one this year?” Slip tried not to sound overly interested. “You know I’m not going”, Finn said sternly. He knew this would come up eventually, it still didn’t stop his heart from pounding in his chest. Slip raised an eyebrow in response. “You know the Boss is not going to accept that answer”. “Well, he’s gonna have to. I’m not going this year…. or ever again for that matter”. “Run it by me again why you’re doing this?” Finn’s eyes looked everywhere but at Slip. “Come on man. We already talked about this”. “I know, but I was expecting you to realize this was a bad idea by now”. Slip was supportive of anything his friend did, but Finn had a rebellious streak that he never grew out of. “I- look Slip. You of all people know what the First Order is about. I left because I tried for years to change it from the inside and it didn’t work, so I got out”. He tried not to raise his voice, but Finn was too stubborn sometimes. “This is not something you can get out of Finn, you know this”. Finn stared at his desk. He did know he couldn’t truly get out. That fact wouldn’t destroy his hope though. Even though he loved his family dearly he couldn’t condone what they did. All the back room deals, bribes, and murder. It was too much. Initially, he planned to go to the FBI with everything he knew. He knew he’d be shunned, maybe even killed, but he felt ready to turn them all in. That is, until his contact with the FBI went missing and he received photos with the contact’s wife and young children in their living room with a bullseye placed over their faces. It was disgusting, and quite unexpected. Finn held no illusion about the vile stuff his father does, but he thought it was against his code to kill kids. Finn later learned it was a higher up within the FBI that sent him the photos. He actually went to his mother for help. He couldn’t stop himself, so he told her everything. His plan to testify, the disappearance of the contact, the threat on the kids, everything. It wasn’t his initial plan, but his mother had a way of getting men to spill their guts to her. He had just literally spilled his guts right before meeting with her, so he supposed he should have expected it. Later that day, it was his father who reminded Finn of just how corrupt the government was. The influence of the Hux family runs deep. It seemed clear to Finn that his family would never pay for their crimes. It would only put innocent people at risk, and any evidence against them would either go missing or be inadmissible in court. So while he still hated himself for not following through he was, at the moment, in a huge bind. The worst part of all was his family didn’t seem to begrudge him for it. Their continued acceptance of the person who tried to destroy them from within was unsettling. Finn still left the family business, but he knew in his heart he couldn’t really escape from them. After the last client left, Slip drove the pair to their split-level duplex in St. Petersburg Florida. The long drive across the bridge on Interstate 275 gave Finn a lot of time to think about the invitation. This was the first year since he left, and he had never missed the winter gala before. He thought he had made it clear that he didn’t want anything to do with them. That didn’t stop them from sending the card that felt more like a command than an invitation. It didn’t stop them from knowing their grip on him was as strong as ever. Normally, Slip would give the other man his space by staying on his side of the duplex after work. Slip didn’t think that was the best idea right now considering the solemn look on his friends face. So he stood just behind Finn as he unlocked the door that had a key slot and a key pad that had to be timed just right in order to enter. Slip followed behind quietly as Finn went to the hallway and he put the security system on standby. Finn and Slip lived in a middle-class neighborhood full of white picket fences and fit people walking their dogs. His mother was a little wary of her son living in such a “poor” environment, but she eventually gave the place her blessing. He didn’t waste any time getting comfortable today. Using his index finger, he tugged at his grey tie until it came loose. Then he started to unbutton his shirt. Lost in his own thoughts he forgot that he had an audience. Slip’s eyes widened and he felt heat creep up his neck as Finn’s broad shoulders were revealed. When the button down shirt was dropped on the floor from exhaustion, Slip took the time to appreciate the way Finn’s muscles moved. Biting his lip, he tried to stay professional but he couldn’t take his eyes from the small of his back. His weapon was mostly visible. It wasn’t uncommon for him to fantasize about the firm muscles and smooth skin that were hidden by Finn’s tailor-made pants. Stepping behind him, Slip slowly gripped the sides of Finn’s shoulders in his hands. Finn felt the tension fade away when Slip started to rub his shoulders. After releasing a pleased sigh Finn turned, and he became aware of just how close they were. Slip’s hands didn’t let go. They were close enough that Finn could see Slip’s cheeks were pink. He could hear the beating of the other man’s heart. “Um”, Finn stepped back and gently pushed Slip away. He was having a hard time meeting his friend’s gaze for some reason, but he really just wanted to relax for the evening and think. “Uh. Thanks, for helping me get through the day…” He felt like he should say more, but that was all he had to give. Red cheeks slipped into a shy smile as Slip nodded and took two steps away from the other. Then he made his way to his half of the duplex. Once the door that connected the two sides clicked shut, Finn decided he wanted to lay down for a while. As he waked to his large bedroom, Finn wondered if a glass of wine would help him sleep better. Turning on the light he was startled by the person lounging in his bed. His first instinct was to grab the gun that was tucked in the back of his pants, but he wouldn’t need it. Laying on Finn’s bed was a tall man with one leg stretched out and the other bent at the knee. His hands were crossed behind his head, and they locked eyes as soon as Finn stepped through the door. He was dressed in all black, but that was just his M.O. “What- the fuck are you doing here, Kylo?” Finn didn’t try to hide the accusation in his voice. Kylo looks up at him through his lashes, and smiles. Notes: I don't know if anyone else was thinking about this, but I really wanna know how Kylo got through all the security in Finn's house??? Chapter 2 : Triangles Notes: I'm so sorry it's been a while since the first chapter. I actually had this chapter written weeks ago but I wasn't satisfied with it at all. I'm still not sure how I feel about it, but I've revised it enough and I just wanted to post it so I can move on. With that said I do think you all will enjoy the chapter (fingers crossed anyways). *Unbetad Btw for the people who, like me, do better with pics here are a few links of Kylo's outfit. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) What the fuck are you doing here, Kylo? Finn examined the man he hadn’t seen in about a year. Kylo seemed healthy enough. He was surprisingly calm, and apparently had let his hair grow out a couple of inches. Finn tried to get a read on his intentions, but his facial expression didn’t give much away. Once Finn’s heart stopped pounding from the shock of his uninvited guest, he worked to regain his composure. He tried distracting himself by focusing on Kylo’s outfit. It didn’t help much. His guest was wearing his favorite jet black boots that went up to his calves and had several thick buckles on it. He wouldn’t admit it to anyone, but seeing a man in black boots did something wicked to Finn’s soul. Moving his gaze up Kylo’s body, he could appreciate the tight black jeans that hugged his legs perfectly. The look was completed with a black polo top. The top three buttons were undone making part of his chest visible. With all the black you would think he would look sort of goth, and he did, but the polo shirt stretching at his chest made the look slightly preppy as well. Kylo had never been a popular guy growing up. The way he behaved confused a lot of people and most didn’t take the time to figure him out like Finn did. Kylo was shy and kept to himself, but he also had this cocky look about him that pissed people off. The man also had a temper that didn’t come out often, but scared many people away when it did. Kylo always acted like he didn’t care that people avoided him, but Finn knew that wasn’t true. One day a few years back Kylo let it slip that his friendship with Finn was one of the few joys of his life. It crushed Finn when he thought about how painful Kylo’s life has been. Especially since it was at the hands of his family. Finn was lost in his thoughts when he thought back to when Kylo was 20 years old. He was the son of a senator that lost during the last election, and a business man that unbeknownst to many was a smuggler. Kylo’s father Han had completed many business deals with Finn’s father over the years; it was during one of these deals that Kylo and Finn became close. Everything was great until Han’s flaw was revealed. He was a compulsive gambler. It didn’t take long, but he had accumulated a lot of debt that he owed the Hux family a lot of money. Since they had a long history he gave Han a lot of chances, but even’s a Hux’s patience can run out. So, he sent in a couple guys and they kidnapped Kylo’s younger sister Rey. She was 10 at the time. It wasn’t until years later that he heard all the details, but the situation resolved itself when Kylo agreed to work for the Order until the debt was paid. Rey was returned safely, and Kylo will work for Finn’s family until the day he dies. A flash of silver brought Finn back to the man presently on his bed. A ring on Kylo’s index finger travelled down his chest to rest near his pants buckle. Finn followed the movement before he knew what he was doing. Once he realized he was staring his cheeks felt hot, so he averted his gaze to Kylo’s face. On the bed, Kylo had his other hand tucked behind his head and he raised an eyebrow at Finn in question. Finn coughed to give himself time to play it off. “I know my bed is comfy and all, but why are you in it?” “I was waiting for you”. “Waiting for me…”, Finn mumbled under his breath. A little louder he continued, “For what?” Kylo tilted his head to the side and looked at Finn curiously. He was pleased to know that Finn kept up with his training regime if his six-pack and toned chest was any indication. Damn , he thought. It’s been years since he took a more than friendly interest in Finn. It took even more time for Kylo to believe he even had a chance with his friend. He wasn’t lacking in confidence like he did as a kid, but once he became one of the Order’s hired guns he felt unclean. He was afraid to stain Finn with all the blood on his hands. So, he kept an emotional and at times physical distance to keep his desires under control. Although it wasn’t the outcome he wanted he could accept the two of them staying just friends. What he couldn’t accept was Slip trying to sweet talk his way into Finn’s bed. Finn inched closer and got frustrated by Kylo’s unhelpful answer. “Seriously, man. What’s going on?”. The other yawned before he raised both arms over his head and stretched. A few of his joints popped from all the stress he felt lately. Finn didn’t notice the click of a door lock. Then Kylo rose from the bed. Finn held his gaze as the other stood to his full height. Kylo was only a few inches taller than him, but sometimes it seemed like more. Today was one of those time, so Finn fought the desire to take a step back when Kylo moved closer. The sound of the floor creaking was the only warning Finn got before they both heard a gun cocking. Moving quickly, Kylo grabbed Finn’s bicep and swung Finn behind him as he reached back for his own gun with the other. Due to his training, Finn reached back at the same time and the echo of two more pistols cocking filled the silent air. A man stood firm at the entrance to Finn’s room. “What are you doing here, Kylo?” The man in the doorway was Slip. His gun was pointed straight at Kylo’s head who was matching Slip’s posture completely. Finn’s gun was also pointed at Slip, but he dropped it immediately once he recognized who it was. Since he was still behind Kylo, Finn missed the look of determination on his face. “So is this how we settle things?” Slip smiled at Kylo in mock amusement. “Kylo… Slip… Put your guns down”. Finn didn’t know why they didn’t do that in the first place. Both Slip and Kylo were bodyguards of the Hux family. While Slip was assigned to Finn, Kylo had been assigned to Finn’s father, the Harold “Snoke” Hux. When neither one listened to him Finn continued, “Seriously you two. This isn’t funny,” moving to Kylo’s side he looked directly at Slip, “What are you doing here anyway?” Slip tried not the let the disappointment show in his voice. His grip on his gun tightened, “The heart monitor on your watch suddenly spiked, so I knew you were in trouble”. “He might have gotten into trouble if you hadn’t interrupted us”, Kylo replied. Finn huffed and looked at Kylo incredulously. His friend was always a bit eccentric, that was one of his charms, but he seemed off today. “Don’t you knock? He could have been working out”. Slip was done with Kylo’s attitude, “What kind of workout gets someone’s heart spiking in 5 seconds?” Kylo raised a brow in amusement. “What?” Slip snapped. Kylo grinned, “Apparently, the kind you’re unfamiliar with”. Slip blushed. Finn glanced back and forth between the two of them. All the while these fools still had their guns aimed to blow each other’s heads off. Finn felt caught off guard by their ‘let the gun do the talking’ attitude. Strange as it seemed, he was starting to think there was something else going on. Neither Kylo nor Slip seemed willing to back down. Finn expected this sort of reckless behavior from Kylo, but with Slip this was way out the box. “What’s wrong with you two? Put your guns down”. Slip’s hands wavered before steading them. “I asked him a simple question, and for some reason he won’t answer. I’m just doing my job”. Finn knew that things were spiraling out of control. These two always had a weird tension between them, and Finn usually ignored it, but this was too much. “Look at me Slip”. Slip didn’t comply, so Finn repeated himself with a slower pace, “Look- at- me”. The air of command in his voice finally drew Slip’s focus to him. “I’m fine, okay. I’m safe. Just put your gun away. Now,” Not wasting any time, he directed his attention to the other, “You too Kylo”. Slip’s jaw tightened but he sharply lowered the gun. Kylo did the same, albeit more slowly. Finn released a sigh of relief as they both returned their guns it’s holster. He felt grateful these idiots finally decided to listen. Still, it felt like an uncomfortably close call. What the two didn’t know was the whole time they were focused on each other Finn had reached back for his own gun again. He didn’t remove it this time, but his right hand was gripping it tightly. Luckily they both wised up. If they didn’t, they were going to have matching bullet holes in their foot for being a dumb ass. “Great!” Finn said sarcastically, “Now that the dick measuring contest is over, can one of you finally tell me why you guys hate each other so damn much?” Kylo stared up at the ceiling and Slip shifted his weight from one foot to the other. Okay, so they’re gonna be stubborn about this... Fine. “Look, I trust the both of you,” Finn started, “We all used to be cool until a couple years ago. So, if you two are gonna act an ass I gotta know why”. Kylo opened his mouth before shutting it. After trying to get a read on Finn he said, “Is it really that hard to figure it out?” “Apparently!” Finn shouted. He hated losing his cool but he still felt terrified. “Look, if I knew what was going on I wouldn’t be asking right?” Then a thought came to him and he couldn’t believe it missed it for so long. “Okay… I get it. You two hooked up, someone caught feelings, and now it’s awkward am I right?” Both Kylo and Slip looked at him incredulously. “Are you joking?” “Hooked up?” They blurted out respectively. Finn shrugged at Kylo’s blank expression. “All I’m saying is you two are always competing with each other…trying to prove who’s the best”, Finn replied. “Yeah. Something like that”, Slip mumbled. Finn sighed and gave him a look of ‘come on then’. “Okay, so disgruntled exes don’t fit. What’s the problem then?” Slip and Kylo locked eyes for a few moments. Then Slip’s gaze fell and he simply shrugged. His shoulders were hunched over. Finn gave Kylo as stern look as he still wanted an answer. “As you said, we used to be cool . But that was before we wanted the same thing”, Kylo replied. Finn tightly closed his eyes and thought about Kylo’s words. By doing so he failed to notice the way both Kylo and Slip smiled at him fondly. He remembered that they both wanted to guard him, but only Slip got the job. It was a greater honor that Kylo was a guard for the Order’s head, but he always acted like he lost something. Finn was surprised that they would still hold a grudge over something like that. “Well ya’ll need to work that shit out”. “We intend to,” Kylo replied returning his eyes to Slip who nodded in agreement. Finn took a step back and briefly turned away from the other two before he turning back. “Well since that’s taken care of, Kylo can you tell us why you were in my house in the first place?”. Slip’s back straightened, eager to hear the answer. Kylo cleared his throat and said, “Your parents contacted you earlier,” Finn gave him a blank look when he continued, “but you didn’t respond.” “What do you mean they contacted…?” Finn fumbled to pull out his phone. He had no missed calls. Finn released a deep exhale to calm his nerves. “You received their invitation”, Kylo said matter-of-factly. Finn didn’t respond to Kylo’s accusation. He didn’t have to. He should have known his parents expected a response once he received it. Slip assumed Finn already contacted his parents. Earlier in the day he called and spoke to Finn’s mother while Finn was with a client. It was always expected, that if you receive a message from the boss or his wife that you respond ASAP. Finn knew the rules, but assumed it would be different after he left. Why did they invite me? I’m not a part of the Order anymore. I’m a Hux in name only. Finn refused to accept what was happening. He hoped that if he closed his eyes everything and everyone would just leave him the hell alone. Finn opened his eyes and of course nothing had changed. Kylo took a step closer and Finn looked up him, begging with his eyes for him not to continue, “Your father sent me. He says you’re to return home, immediately”. Notes: I hope you liked the second chapter? Things are going to get more intense as Finn faces the life he left behind. Kylo and Slip are unfortunately dragged along for the ride ;) If you ever wanna chat, I frequently haunt the Finnlo tag on Tumblr @Kyloandfinnren.