Disclaimer: I've wrote this whole thing in german first and haven't planned on translating it at all. But I want so use this fanfiction as practice for my english writing skills, since this is the only thing I really suck at. So please bear with me! I'm trying and re-learning all the things I haven't really need in ... years! If there is a beta, who's willing to lend me a hand, I'll be very greatfull for it! ......................... They came. Dreams, which felt like a long-lost and forgotten reality. Dreams, which you woke up from with a racing heart and the light hope, they weren’t nothing but a chimera. But they came with such a force and such a power that she wasn’t able to forget about them. It takes its time until she started to understand. When she walked through the streets of New York City, she saw faces which she has never seen anywhere before. But she kept thinking, she would know them. Science-fiction doesn’t felt like some construct somebody came up with for mere fantasy. She has started to believe the idea of life outside their own little blue planet. When she watched the stars by night, she felt a great connection to those unlimited width of the universe and she thought, that she sense a longing, which can’t be satisfied by traveling the world. She knew this, because she had tried it. She had traveled a lot. She had been to asia, to south america, to africa and europe. Whenever she has saved enough money to pay for a flight or short trip somewhere, she would go. But every trip, every journey to far away places, let her return home even more unsatisfied than the moment she has left in the first place. She can’t explain it and she even felt fear. Those dreams and those feelings she had in them, have given her an unexplainable fear. But now, she though she can finally understand them. Because they weren’t dreams at all. They where memories from a time, a world and a reality, which laid far, far away from where she was now. She had learned to live with it. She has accepted it and there wasn’t someone who could thing she’s insane or something. Alone. She was alone with herself, alone with those dreams and memories. And she doesn’t believed that this present she knew, on this very planet, could be the place to be reborn to. And the time wouldn’t repeat itself on here, either. She buried her hands deep in the pockets of her winterjacked as she raised her shoulders more to shield her ears from the cold. New York City was cold. Ice cold, to be more specific, and she hated the cold and the humidity of this city. In her memories, she has grown up on a desert planet. Far, far away from here. Jakku , she though as she stopped in front of a travel agency. There was a picture of egypt, which showed the pyramids to the potential voyager. Egypt was the key to her memories of Jakku and her childhood there. After a trip to visit the pyramids, shown on the photo in front of her, and this almost never ending desert, she had dreamed of Jakku. It was her home for years and years in a row, until she somehow ended up with people, who have grown what she would had called a family. Jakku wasn’t easy. It wasn’t nice, either. But it was interesting in its own ways. But here? Here in New York City? In a city where everything was so unbearable normal. She couldn’t wait for the night to come! As fast as her head hit the pillow in the night, she will wish for an other dream of her past. She forced herself to let go of this window, before the went through the streets with their nice and a bit kitshy christmas decorations. She went past families, couples and pensioners, while the streets where buzzling with the typical sounds of a big city. It was always the same route she took, when she went home after a long day of work. She took the subway for a few stops and then the bus for the last three stations before she went the rest of the way by foot. For the last few years, it was always the same way. After she had left her forster family in Washington D.C, she has moved here. The original plan was it, to leave the past behind. A new city has seemed to be the only key she knew to a normal life on her own. And she had believed, she could make a fresh start. But now, during christmastime, she saw how alone she really was. She stopped by a red traffic light with other passerby and just stood there. Waiting for the green light.... Her gaze turned to the nearly complete black heaven above her and a small sigh came from her lips. Was she the only one? The only one, who believed she was reborn on an other planet in an other time? But even if there where others like her – others, who thought and felt like her... Who would mention something so crazy in a society like this? The people tend to label you idiot or lunatic, even mentally ill. Arrived at home, she opened her mailbox and took all the many white letters out of it. And she really hoped, that one of them would be a chance to get way from this company she worked for. Organize the garbage trucks in her district of New York wasn’t her dream job to beginn with. A few month ago, she graduated from college with an engineering degree and it wasn’t her goal to work for this waste management company her whole life. Her dream was to work for the NASA. develope and build spaceships and stuff ... But it would be just this: a dream. She climbed the stairs up to the third story where she lived and searched for the key to her flat as she noticed the voices behind her. It seemed, that the opposite flat was finally rented by someone... Chapter 2 : Kapitel 1 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) A sketch of a so called X-Wing-Fighter laid in front of her. She never had heard of it and she never had seen a similar model, too. It was a picture from her dreams and it was a fully operative fighter. An one-man-model with nearly typical, normal looking wings, which took the shape of a X during fight by opening up. And the mere design of those fighters has fascinated her and her sketchbook was filled with those drawings. But to be honest, the Millenium Falcon was her favorite. Her absolute favorite. She remembered a dream in which she had flown that said ship. These many buttons, the jumps into the hyperspace and the arrival in another, totally new and totally strange system. It still gave her goosebumps if she just thought about it and a small smile laid on her lips. Those were the memories which saved her so many times for drowning into the harsh and cold reality she was forced to live in. But she loved drowning in her own dreams, her own memories. It was a soft knock on her door that let her flinched a bit, but she laid down her pencil and stood. She made her way to her door, but before she even thought about open it, she tool a look through the spy hole. And she saw an unfamiliar, dark face with a wide, bright smile on it. This face was new. She never had seen it before in this apartment complex she lived in for more than two years now. But she knew the ritual to greet the ones who are already living their lives here. She was used to it already, because no one lived here longer than maximum six month. She, of course, was an exception of this. She removed the chain from her door and turned the key to unlock the door after that, but she opened the door only a little. Just to be save. “Yeah?”, she asked and looked in dark brown, warm eyes. Eyes, you would see trust in even if the person was murdering you with a kitchen knife. Some people just have this aura, which let you trust them. Even if you don’t know them. “Hi!” He extended his hand to her. “I’m Finn. Finn Armstrong. I’ve just moved in next to you. In the eight”, he said. “Rey”, she said than and opened the door a little more, to take his hand and shake it for a short moment. But she never let the baseball bat get out of her reach. Even if Finn seemed to be the typical nice neighbor, she didn’t trust him enough, because she didn’t know him. And Rey had experienced enough in this kind of ghettoish district she lived in. This Area wasn’t the best, it wasn’t the safest and it wasn’t the nicest to live in, either. You were surrounded by criminality which let you grow more guarded than you might be living in a nice house or apartment in the middle of the city. In a apartment complex with its own security and stuff. But here – here you have to be careful who you trust. “How long are you living here?”, he asked and leaned again the door frame. “A little over three years, now”, she answered him and blocked his way into her apartment with her body. He was close, but she didn’t want him into her private room. “I’ve moved here from Arizona”, he said. He smiled at her, but it wasn’t a happy smile. She was able to tell the difference between face expressions. But she didn’t say anything, she just nodded. “I’m working by the electrican right at the corner.” “I know his shop.“ She went past his shop whenever she was on her way to the city to go grocery shopping twice a week. But right now, she tried to make small talk – something she wasn’t good at. “I don’t know anyone here and the other neighbors are old and grumpy. Wanna go to the diner with me?”, he asked and noticed right after the words have passed his lips, what he had just said. “This wasn’t meant as a come-on. But my oven isn’t working and I didn’t eat something today and-” “I’m coming with you”, she said. Even if she didn’t know why she said it in the first place. It was an agreement which passed her lips without her thinking just like the invitation to dinner came from him just a few moments ago. But her agreement set a happy smile on his lips. “Cool! I just get my jacket and my money and we’re ready to go!” By the time they have finished their meals at the actually really shitty diner, she nearly knew everything about him. He has moved here from Arizona and she wasn’t able to understand his choice. Arizona was warm and so much nicer during winter. New York was either cold or humid or at worst, it was both. “New York City is fascinating.” “You don’t live here for long now. Your opinion will change, I promise”, she muttered as she reached for her glass. “Maybe”, he agreed. “But I like it so far.” Rey decided to let him think wanted to think. If he wanted to like this city, who was she to stop him? She wasn’t the one to stop him from believing he had made the best choice of his life. “I’ve needed a change”, he than said. “After being in the army, I didn’t know much more than the base. And now, I don’t want to see that said base even from the distant.” Rey didn’t ask why he quitted. Finn has spoken the whole time without her saying anything. “And I like working for the old man, now.” “Why aren’t you in the police?” Many ex-solidiers went to the police after quitting their duty in the army. “I’ve fixed the trucks and transporters back in Afghanistan. I’m good at fixing things, you know? But I’m not good with death. Many friends died in battle and even I haven’t handled those things good before my stay in middle east, I failed completely by handling it than. I’ve seen them drowning in their own blood and I weren’t able to help them. They died and all I could have done was sit and watch. I just want to stay away from all this forever”, he said and started to play with the leftover frites on his plate. “I’ve been send home from my last mission there because of my mental state. The docs back in Arizona suggested me to leave the army. But it was more an order than a mere suggestion”, he said and shrugged his shoulders a bit. “So I leaved before my duty has officially ended.“ Rey nodded slightly after he has finished his story and she really thought she was able to understand what he was saying. It always seemed to be so easy – all the killing and dying in the middle east. But she knew that it couldn’t be easy at all. How should it? “And the police also has to deal with death and weapons and killing – I don’t want that.“ “I guess, I can understand you”, she said and meant it. “But what about you?”, he asked after a few moments in pure silence. There was just the muffled sound of traffic and the low clicking of dishes from the diner’s kitchen. “I’m working for a waste management company. I’m organizing the tours for the truck drivers and that’s it. It’s nothing special”, she said. „You take care of New York City’s streets. You help to keep this city clean. I think, that’s pretty important, don’t you think?”, he smiled at her and Rey couldn’t resist to smile, too. She felt this warmth in his mere presence. And the longer she looked at him, the more she started to think that she knew him. That she knew him longer that she actually did. „We’re friends now, are we?“, Finn asked and caught her by surprise. “Are we?” He nodded and seemed so sure and proud of himself for making his first friend in a totally new and strange city. “Yeah, maybe we are friends now”, she whispered more to herself than him. “Hey, you know these?“ Finn held a book in her face as she opened the door the next evening. „What?“, she asked and took the book from him. “These books!“ He pointed to the cover that she just looked at. „No“, Rey said. „I’ve never saw them before. Why?” Star wars said the title and the cover was a colourful space related picture. “Because they are great! It’s a trilogy, actually.” “And?”, she asked, looking at his face now. “You should read this one. I’ve got the others, too.” “Why do you think that I like stuff like this?” “Because”, he started again and held an already opened letter in his hand. “I thought it was for me, so I’ve opened it, before I realised that it carried your name. It’s a letter from NASA”, Finn said and wore a sad expression on his face. “You’re not in now, but they write that you should try again next year.” She grabbed the letter from his hand and read it herself. Just to be filled with disappointment and anger, followed by light sadness. “Sorry for reading it!” He sounded like he really was sorry for reading her letter. But in the end, she couldn’t care less. Rey managed to not show her real feelings about this rejection and stepped back in her apartment, so that he was able to enter. “Come in”, she said and pointed in the direction of her little kitchen. He followed her, after he had closed the door and Rey throw the letter in the bin next to her kitchen counter. “Want coffee?”, she asked as he took a seat at the nearly unused second chair she owned. “Yeah, thanks.” Rey filled two cups with freshly brewed coffee and sat on the opposite at the table. “So you based my likings in books on the letter form NASA?”, she asked as he took a sip from his coffee. “Yeah”, he confirmed and seemed a bit embarrassed by his mere guessing, now. “It’s stupid, it is?” He set the cup back on the tables smooth, white surface and reached for the sketchbook, which still laid in front of her. And by the first look he took on the sketches, his eyes went wide. “You’ve drawn these?”, he asked and flipped through the pages. “They are amazing!” “They’re old as shit. A few are from yesterday and today”, she mentioned and saw the amazement in his warm, dark eyes. “Are those faces you’ve seen somewhere or are they all from your fantasy?” Fantasy was not the right term to use, but there wasn’t another, better one, either, which is because she nodded and decided to went along with it. “Yeah. Just fantasy people and fantasy things”, she said and leant back. And as she did so, she started to study his features. His eyes, his gaze, his face and his lips – the way he spoke, the way he looked at her – all this was so familiar. Creepy on the one hand, but also nothing new on the other. Rey still thought that she knew him for a very long time, but they just met yesterday. She even saw him in a dream of hers last night. And it really was a dream this time. Her memories were more vivid, more real and detailed than the dream she had last night. And she was able to remember every little detail from her memories, but not from real dreams and that was the case this time. “You’re really good at this”, he said and pointed at her drawing of a man in his mid-fourty. “Your dad?” No, but I wish he was, she thought and shook her head a bit. “Just someone I dreamt about.” But it was a guy who was called Han Solo. She knew him back in her other life, but she hasn’t found him in this one. Han was a smuggler, a man with a big heart even if he was a bit grumpy and mean all the time. And she wished to found him someday. Well and alive... Maybe, not all people she had known back than were alive now. “But you are totally in science-fiction”, he declared and closed the sketchbook. “I am.” She really was. “I’m in love with stars and different galaxies.” That’s one of the main reasons why she had attended all those courses at college. An extra course in physics, a course about astrology and many, many more! She thought, she may be has a better chance to get her dream job, but now... The only thing she was able to do with her extra knowledge, was to impress people. That’s it. “You should really read the book. And the others to, you know? You’ll love them!” “I’ll see if I have the time for it.” “Wanna come with me to the cinema this Saturday?” “There’s nothing worth paying for”, she said and wasn’t interested in going to one of the current movies. “Not to one of the current ones”, he added. “I’ve seen that there will be a Star Trek special. The new ones”, Finn explained and she looked at him for a longer time than usual. Rey would love to see those films, because she never has managed to get to the cinema while they were in and she also never get her hands on the DVDs, either. So why not? “Sure”, she answered him then and a big grin appears on his lips that touched not only his lips, but also his eyes and let them shine as bright as one of the stars. “Great!”, he exclaimed and laid his hand on her left shoulder. “You will love them!” And if she has to be honest, she was really happy that he had asked her. The last few days, she had spent much time with him. He had knocked on her door on monday evening. Now it’s already thursday. They went to the diner, he brought her the Star Wars Book and yesterday, she has visited him in the little shop at the corner of this street. It was quite easy to spend time with him. There wasn’t this long episodes of uncomfortable silence. Finn always found a new topic. Books, work, movies, fashion, cars – there was nothing he didn’t want do talk about. And Rey herself just sat there and listened. She loved his story and his voice, too. “And you know what?” “What?”, Rey asked and managed to get some more chips in her mouth. Right now, they were over in his apartment. Not a very tidy one, she has to mention, but he just moved house, so she has expected unpacked boxes and stuff everywhere. But his couch was very comfy. A bit to comfy! “You’re the first girl, who wanna come to a Star Trek movie with me.” She stopped every movement of hers and just watched him with disbelieve and a bit of ... shock, too. “You’re kidding”, she said and a disbelieving laughter climbed over her lips, as she shook her head. “No! I’m not!”, he insisted and the look in his eyes was stern. He really said the truth, was he? “My last girlfriend hated Star Trek. She really, truly hated it, with all her heart and soul. She hated it, when I was playing Halo. She hated it, when I was playing Call of Duty. She hated it, when I was reading Star Wars or any other science-fiction related book. She hated everything about it. And I think, she also hated me, because I have had liked and still like it.” “Why?” There was only this one word. This one question inside her mind right now. “Maybe because it was unrealistic? Maybe, because it was somewhat boysstuff?” “Bullshit!”, she said and she frowned on this words. Rey knew this kind of talking. Her foster parents, especially her foster dad, was a shitty asshole, who hated girls and women and who hated everything feminine. And he also hated her, because Rey was totally into this boyish stuff, when she was younger. But she never did discuss anything with them. It was her life. Space, spaceships, physics and aliens – everything science-fiction was totally her thing! “There is no boystuff or girlstuff”, she than said. “All these classifications are stupid and I know that you know that, too.” Finn wasn’t such an asshole like her foster dad. Finn was someone, who shared the same world view like her, the same opinions. Both of them thought in the same way, and it was awesome! “There is just ... stuff, you know?” All these classifications suggested that boys weren’t real boys, if they like dolls or fashion or even cry sometimes. All these classifications suggested that girls weren’t real girls, if they liked cars or soccer or didn’t like to wear skirts. In her opinion, everything that matters, was the fact, that everyone has to feel like they belonged in their own bodies. It was just you, who have to live with yourself. So it was very, very important, to like what you do and how you act. Even if it was strange to somebody, just try to be yourself. Under every possible circumstances! “You know, I really like you, Rey”, Finn mentioned after a longer episode of pure, but relaxed silence. It was this kind of silence, you wanna stay a bit longer. It surrounded you with a nice, warm atmosphere and let you feel like no one can harm or disturb you. And Rey really liked this kind of things between them. It was never uncomfortable. She wasn’t able to tell why it is that way. It was just so ... familiar to spend time with him. His voice, his eyes, his face – his ... all! His overall appearance was so familiar and it felt like home, when she was with him. And now those words... “You’re like no other girl I’ve dated or met in the past.” “Thanks”, she muttered quietly and her gaze went past him and through the livingroom window. What should she had said? It was nice that someone talked like that about her. That for sure. But she wasn’t used to nice and sweet words. She never had a boyfriend before, never even dated someone for real. The dates she had so far, were all this kind of ‘first dates’ but that’s it. She never had met the same guy twice, because most of them just wanted her in bed. No one really had shared her interests or was interested in her, not only her body. So she had stopped trying. And she wasn’t someone who pretend to love some guy. That was lying and Rey was many things, but not a lair. It was wrong in all ways possible. So she has decided that she was better of alone. But to hear it from Finn, a man she considered a friend, it was nice. She really appreciated his words, she really did. “I’m happy that you have knocked on my door on Monday”, she said and smiled a little. She woke up with a silent scream in the middle of the night. Her breath was unsteady, fast and she was able to feel her own heart beat fast inside her chest. The cloth she was wearing, were damp and the feeling they left on her skin was unpleasant, just like the lingering memory on the dream she just has had. Rey raised her hands and brushed some sweaty hair from her forehead. Oh my god, she thought while trying to push those memories aside. “Finn”, she muttered as she was finally able to solve the mystery behind this familiar feeling she has when she was with him. They had known each other for a long time in the earlier life. She had met him on Jakku by coincidence. He was a defected stormtrooper trying to escape the so calles first order. Rey remembered now. She has seen those scenes over and over in her dreams. They were shattered to pieces and she was the one who should pick them all up to rebuild the whole picture. And with every dream, every memory, she took a step ahead. And now, the blurry face was clear. She has seen him more often in her dreams, but Finns face was always a blurry something she wasn’t able to identify. But that wasn’t the reason why her dream ended in a nightmare. She had seen his death. Just like she had seen Han Solos death in her dreams, she has seen his. “No... No”, she whispered to herself as she buried her face in her hands and leant herself against the head of her bed and closed her eyes. The try to push those pictures aside failed. She saw them over and over again. In her dream, she has flown the Millenium Falcon on a mission to find the location of Supreme Leader Snoke. Something that shouldn’t be impossible. She was able to extract the information from the brain of her personal enemy. She had all she needed to find the leader of this lunatic order. It was her destiny to destroy him and to free the galaxy from his cold and deadly grip. The resistance was able to win the war a second time. Luke had teached her everything she needed to end it. But she failed. She failed so terribly.... After a direct hit on the Falcon, they were forced to land the ship on the closest planet by their position. And the battle which followed, was brutal, cruel and bloody to no end. They all were wounded, tired, but they were ahead of the enemies. They were nearly able to win the battle. Just until a blaster shoot hit him. Followed by another. One in the shoulder, one directly between his eyes. He was death before Rey was able to scream his name. And it was terrible. He was dead because she was distracted by her own fight. She could have saved him. She could have... Rey stood from her bed and headed into her kitchen, to drink a glass of water and then sat on her chair. As he came over to pick her up for cinema, she pull him in a tight hug. The recollection from last night was still there, like it has bitten into her brain and mind without letting her go. Rey was happy to no end to see him alive. “Hey, what’s up?”, he asked laughing mildly as he pushed her away softly. “Nothing ... I just has had a dream last night”, she said. “It was more a nightmare actually, and I’ve seen you dying there. So I just wanted to see, if you’re real.” “I’m more real than any dream could be”, he said but the look in his eyes told her a different story. If he remember anything himself, she asked herself while looking at him. But she shook her head softly. “Let’ go.” It was easier to distract yourself from thinking too much about something. Even if it’s just something small and insignificant things like dreams or ... memories. He was alive now and that’s all that matters to her. She want to enjoy every moment she was with him, just in case she had to lose him again sometime. Finn laid his arm around her shoulder as they leave their apartment complex and headed to the subway station. “Can I ask you something? Even if it sounds odd and ... creepy?” “I love creepy questions”, she said and can’t stop herself from laughing softly as he signs in an indefinable way, which still sounded a bit lost. “Why are you living alone? Why isn’t there a jealous boyfriend, who’s gaze could kill me?” “You want to ask me, why I’m single?” “Yeah.” “I enjoy the loneliness. I really love it. Even if it sounds sad, but I love it. Nobody can hurt you, nobody gets jealous. I don’t have to justify myself. There are so many benefits in being alone and on your own.” “But you’re friends with me.” “You’re a ... different story.” He was a different story back on Jakku. Poe was a different story in her previous life. She was alone at first. No family, no other relatives and no friends. Until Finn came into her life. And it’s nearly the same by now. She had become some lone wolf over the past years, because it was lots easier this way. But now, the realised how much she has missed being with some friend. Spending time on your own is all fun until you realise how it could be, how it is to be with others. “You understand me”, she continued. “You don’t want to fuck me, because I’m a woman. You don’t want to be with me, because I may be a nice accessories, you can show around. You’re with me, because I am who I am and not because of what I look like.” “You’re sure? Maybe I’m nice to you to get you naked and in my bed?” “No. You’re not this kind of man”, Rey said and she really hoped, that she was right this time. She had thought, that he was a nice guy in their previous life and he hadn’t disappointed her. Maybe, he wouldn’t disappoint her in this life, either. “Yeah.” He started laughing at the time when Rey already considered her words stupid. “You’re right. I’m more the romeo-type of guy. A romantic candlelight dinner. Not in a fancy restaurant, I can’t even afford thinking of it. But I’m a quite decent cook, so I would cook you something nice. And afterwards we would cuddle and watch a funny film together.” “You’re hitting on me?” “NO!” He stopped walking and gave her this one look, you can’t really describe. “I don’t want you to be my girlfriend. We’re friends. Nothing more and nothing less”, he said and seemed really bothered by her idea on just being nice to her to get her in his bed. At least, Rey would describe his look as offended, even hurt. “You’re my best buddy since I left primary school. I’ve never had a good friend since then and I couldn’t care less if you’re a woman or a man. It doesn’t matter to me and ... oh gosh, Rey. I’m sorry if you got the impression, that I just want this from you...” “No hard feelings”, she said and managed a small smile. “I’m sorry. I’m the one who should apologize.” And she meant it. It was her fault, that she has interpreted to much in his question and his word afterwards. It was stupid to think, that every guy she met wasn’t honest with her. Rey knew Finn. She knew him so much longer than he can imagine. “It’s alright. Nothing ever happened?”, she asked and took a step near him. “Ok?” Finn nodded. “We have to hurry, if we want to get the tickets before the movie starts.” They didn’t went home right after the second movie was finished. They went to a bar afterwards and were home at 4 in the morning. It was nice to go out, to have a nice time outside the apartment. And Finn was one of these people, who met others just by leaving the house. The bar was one of the less famous places in the neighborhood of their apartment complex. It was owned by an older lady Maz Kanata Rey knew the woman. She was over there sometimes, just for a beer or for chatting. Maz was one of the few people Rey actually talked to. But Maz wasn’t someone Rey would consider a friend. Not even close to this term... And after Finn’s “making new friends”-thing was over, they headed home. At this point, Finn wasn’t sober at all. Her new best friend wasn’t used to alcohol at all as it seemed and she has to carry him more home than he was able to walk himself. It was cute, but it was also a bit annoying. He leaned heavy against her small body and against the wall next to his apartment door while Rey searched for his keys. His eyes closed, something muttering. “Finn”, she whispered as she opened the door. “We’re home. Just a few more steps and you're in your bed.” They managed it somehow, to get him in his bed and Rey helped him out of his shoes, his jeans and his leather jacket, before she throw the thick blanket over his body and set a bucket next to his bed. Just in case that he has to vomit. It happens sometime, that people have to throw up after a long night in bars and clubs. Rey checked on him one last time before she left his apartment and went to her own. But she wasn’t going to bed. She was wide awake, not tired at all. Why should she try to sleep, when she already knew she would just lay there and stare at the ceiling? After a short shower – she wasn’t able to even think about going to bed with the smell of smoke and beer in her hair and on her skin. And as she headed into her kitchen, she saw the book Finn has borrowed her. For a moment, Rey hesitated, but then took it in her hands to open the first page. Her eyes flew over the first written words, as she let herself sink on her chair, to actual read the page. And the next and the next one after that.... It was nearly seven in the morning, as she put the book away to stretch her aching back and shoulders a bit. It was indescribable, how compelling the story was. This book was not like the others she had started somewhat in the past and forget about them completely with passing time. This one was ... like the truth she was never able to find. There were so deep emotions between these lines, so much compassion for every character, so much love, hate and ... just everything. This one was like a diary written as a prose text for everyone to read and ...feel. She wasn’t able to put her thoughts about it in words. Above all, because she felt there was more to it. More than just words written to form a story. A story that simply exist due entertain the reader. There was more than just the pure entertainment. She had felt it while reading page after page. And all the characters – their names, their behavior. Rey thought, that these are the people she knew. The people she knew in her previous life. They even carry the same names. Luke, Leia, Han... These are the names of the people Rey considered her family. It could be coincidence, but what if it’s not that simple? And after closing the book, she has already known, that she has to read the others, too. The story wasn’t finished and there were so many secrets, which just waited to be disclosed. Her eyes scanned the cover. But there was no author name on it she knew. A strange name she never had heard of. With a yawn, she forced herself to stand up and going the bed. It was late – or early. Notes: Hey! Thanks for the kudos *o* I'm really happy about that. I'm still searching a beta-reader for this FF. Not for the german one, but for this english one. I'm a bit unsure about a few grammatical things an it would be nice if there's someone who wants to work with me :) Just messege me, if you're interested! Love~