The Calm Before the Storm That girl. The scavenger girl. Kylo Ren growls at the thought of her. He closes his eyes, and her eyes stare back at him. He opens them again. That stupid girl. Stronger than she knows. An untrained Force-sensative ready for the picking. Kylo Ren grips his head, a frustrated sob on his lips. The plaguing vision of her, Rey, plays out in his head. He turns to look at the gnarly scar slashed over his face. A subtle, bitter reminder, yet, the sweetest memory of her as his soul thirsts for vengeance. --- Rey wakes up with a slow blink of her eyes, and she sits up. A warm, but not scalding, light greets her skin. She looks to her hands, still scarred from the years of work on Jakku, but this time, they feel different, as if they are being held. Shrugging it off, Rey peels the sheets off her body and doesn't bother dressing fully, leaving a majority of her robes messily mopped on the floor. Rey strides into the kitchen and grabs something blindly from the fridge. She gnaws on it, the taste revealing it to be a radish, and she goes outside. Out doors is humid and bright, but the jungle of D'qar is relaxing. The refreshing breeze brings in a salty mist from the ocean not too far from her accommodation. Finn said something about visiting the beach some day. Rey closes her eyes and sighs, folding her legs into a lotus position, and letting her hands drop to her knees. Rey meditates. The meditation is serene and blissful. Rey loves to meditate in the morning for that particular reason, but, this time, the meditation seems...off. Rey furrows her brows to deepen her concentration, digging deeper to find a stabler level of peace. She jolts when a pair of warm brown eyes flash before her, though, she does not open her eyes. She keeps her concentration, a vile feeling sitting in her stomach when she realizes she recognizes the eyes. Kylo Ren. Her hand shifts to the lightsaber at her side, and touching it makes her feel safer. With a shudder, Rey takes in a deep breath of fresh air. Pull yourself together . Flashes of the first time she confronted him play for her, the pain setting a faint sting in her mind. Rey stiffens, and she rubs her ear on her shoulder to try to get rid of the ringing that suddenly deafens her. She swears she can hear whispers promising her that he can teach her the ways of the Force, but, as soon as she opens her eyes, the noise is gone, and so is the radish. --- “Kylo Ren,” Hux's voice is exasperated, his face even more, “If you wish to converse to me, do so with out involving your delusional fantasies!” Hux motions to the vegetable clenched in Ren's hand, “That sort of magic caused the failure of Starkiller Base!” “It's not magic.” Kylo Ren snarls, “I'm telling you, something, or some one, is talking to me through space, intertwined in the Force, and this,” Kylo Ren hold up the radish the Hux's eye level, “is the first result!” Hux rolls his eyes, “And, pray tell, who would be sending you meager messages through radishes .” Hux's prickling voice makes Kylo Ren bristles. “The scavenger girl,” Ren replies, and Hux's eyes harden as cold as ice. “Don't drag me into this. I refuse to be affiliated to another downfall by your hand. ” Hux hisses in a deadly whisper. His green eyes cut into Ren's gaze, “I have work to do, Ren, and I suggest you don't get yourself into trouble this time. We wouldn't want the Supreme Leader to be more cross than he already is, now, would we?” And with a turn of his heel, Hux is gone. Ren curses to the ginger silently, and then he turns to go back into his chambers. Of course Hux would refuse to listen to him. Of course the stupid General would give him an earful. The destruction of Starkiller Base was a disaster for the First Order. Not that he cared. That girl had him in pain for weeks, enough for him not to care about Hux's incessant ranting. Kylo Ren sits down in front of his grandfather's alter, his head bowed and eyes focused in thought. Sitting next to his grandfather always guided him, and he is not wrong. Seconds later, an idea that he could try communicate with the girl—even though it isn't certain it is the girl, Ren is keen on believing it is—pops into his head. How, is the question. Ren sighs and stomps to the desk shoved in the corner of the room. He picks up a piece of paper and thinks of a message to send. What should he say? His face heats up when he thinks about the girl, and his hands shake nervously—no, his face is hot with anger, and his hands are shaking with rage. Ren scrawls a tiny little message on the piece of paper with nearly illegible handwriting. He immediately drops down to meditate, the paper clenched in his hand. He thinks about her, her soft brown hair and curious hazel eyes, that adorably freckled skin. He grits his teeth and focuses on getting the message to her, and, just as he assumed, the paper has vanished from his hand when he opens his eyes. --- Rey is astonished when a piece of paper suddenly appears in her hand where the radish used to be. She inspects it carefully, alarm bells ringing in her head. This is definitely the doing of the Force . Rey hesitantly straightens out the crumpled ball of paper, and looks at the message written inside. 'It's been a while, hasn't it, scavenger girl?' It reads. Rey's blood turns cold. I need to go to Master Luke . Throwing away her previous hesitation, she bolts to the Resistance Base, letter clenched in hand. Luke is meditating in the middle of the hanger when Rey finds him. She bends over with her hands on her knees, breathing heavily. “Master Luke.” Luke's blue eyes snap open and he looks to his apprentice, his stare nearly scolding her for disturbing his meditation. “What is it?” Luke asks gently. Rey holds out the paper, still panting, “It's...” “Kylo Ren.” Luke finishes, eying the paper curiously, “Where did you get this?” A pause. “I don't know.” Rey replies, blinking slowly, “I think...it was teleported...somehow, through the Force.” “I don't doubt it,” Luke agrees, taking the paper and reading it. He clasps his hands over the paper, and suddenly, a golden light glows over it. He looks up to Rey, “It is him. He's looking for you.” Rey's eyebrows perk curiously, her eyes visibly worried, but steeled, “Why would he be looking for me?” Rey asks unevenly, “It's because of my Force, isn't it?” Luke doesn't reply, instead giving Rey a knowing look. Rey pulls her shoulders back. “What should I do?” “What should you do.” Luke repeats, handing the paper back to Rey, “I don't think there's much you can do.” Luke brushes his beard with his prosthetic hand, “You need to talk to Leia. She is much more knowledgeable in making decisions like this.” Rey nods, thanking Luke silently, and she dashes off to find the aged General of the Resistance. Leia is sipping her morning coffee when Rey finds her, tapping her pen on the table with sheets of papers skewed all over the table in front of her. “General Organa?” Leia's wise brown eyes look up to Rey, and her skin wrinkles with she smiles. “Hello, Rey. Do you need anything?” Rey shifts her weight onto her other foot, “Something...odd happened to me during meditation this morning,” Rey shyly extends her arm to Leia, “It's about Kylo Ren.” The color from Leia's face drains. “What?” “Here,” Rey nervously opens her palm. Leia eagerly snatches the paper inside, nearly crying at the sight of her son's handwriting. Rey stands awkwardly to the side as Leia rereads the paper over and over. “Do you know why he's...done this?” Leia's voice is shaky, eyes gleaming with wetness. She rubs her eyes hastily. More to herself, Leia whispers, “Ben, what are you doing?” Rey blinks and shakes her head, “I have no idea why. What should I do?” “Have you talked to Luke?” “Yes.” Leia pauses, and rubs her chin in thought. “I see.” “General- Leia...it's...your son . He tried to kill me and Finn on Starkiller Base. This,” Rey motions to the paper in Leia's hands, “Is dangerous. We need to take extra measures in keeping his Force away. He's going to hurt more people. He'll probably kill you-” A sharp inhale makes Rey shut her mouth instantly. The corner of Organa's lips twitch into a frown. “He's my son.” Leia says dully, as if to state an unsurprising fact, “He's my son.” Rey feels a gloomy, wistful feeling set into the room. The feeling is so strong, Rey droops sadly, too. Leia sniffles, wiping her nose and shoving the paper back into Rey's hands. “You're right.” Leia replies, her voice tight, “You should talk to Luke about a Force-barrier of some kind. That would be the wisest course of action.” Leia sighs, “Especially for the safety of our people and the Resistance.” Rey puts her hand on Leia's shoulder, “I'm sorry.” “It's not your fault,” A sad smile spreads on Leia's lips. Rey nods, and then she starts to turn around to go back to Luke. “Hold on.” Rey turns back around. “Is there a way to...communicate back?” Leia asks, hopefulness in her eyes, “Maybe you can trace it...is it possible for you to trace it back to where-ever he's residing? The Finalizer? Anything?” Rey shifts her eyes to the paper, slightly scared, then back to Leia, “I'm sure there is,” Rey's eyes harden, “But, that might be dangerous, too, Leia. He's dangerous.” Leia nods briskly, sniffling, “Alright.” “But,” Rey inhales, “I suppose I could ask Master Luke for you.” A grin curls on Leia's lips, “I would like that very much.” --- “The girl...made a connection with you?” Snoke rasps, the black eyes in his skull gleaming with interest. “Yes.” Kylo Ren replies, his voice echoing off the grand walls, “I can feel her beyond the galaxies. She is afraid.” “How did she achieve this?” Snoke asks, looking to the side in thought. “Her powers are growing rapidly, more than she can manage.” Kylo Ren explains, his voice dipping lowly, and he repeats, “I can feel her.” Ren breathes steadily, “I...I've had a vision.” “Explain it to me.” “I saw...her...in a cave, but it was a...bright cave.” Kylo Ren says, “She was looking for something. A crystal of some kind, I believe. In my vision she didn't know what it was...she- it's Master Luke. He sent her on a mission to some crystallized planet and she didn't know what for.” “That...certainly is interesting.” Snoke leans back on his chair, “A crystallized planet, you say? There are only a handful in the entire galaxy. Something or someone crucial must be residing there if sought out by the Jedi.” “Yes, master.” Kylo Ren says, “Do you have any idea on where this planet might be?” Snoke inhales, stroking his chin with long, boney fingers, “Oryktohs. None other planets have such an abundant hoard of mystical crystals. What do you feel about this, my apprentice?” “The feeling is very strong, master.” Kylo Ren says sincerely, “Do you reckon the scavenger would travel there for an important mission?” “More than likely.” Snoke croaks, “The planet was a sacred place for the Jedi. With time came desolation. All that rests upon it are ruined temples and valuable crystals, almost impossible to acquire given the planet's harsh atmosphere, but...” Kylo Ren listens intently. “With the use of it's abundant canyons and caves, you will able to withstand much of such environment.” Snoke says, “I, myself, have spent a portion of my training on that horrid planet. I have learn a lot from it.” “If this is the case, master, do I have permission to arrange a party to Oryktohs to ambush the girl?” “The General will see to it.” Snoke says, “One thing, my apprentice.” “Yes, master?” “Can I be confident that you will not fail in seducing the girl to the Dark Side?” “Yes, master. She is not match for your teachings. Fear plagues her.” Snoke chuckles softly, “Then, her transition to the Dark Side is guaranteed.” “Indefinitely.” Snoke pauses. “Find the girl.” Another pause. “Break her. Tempt her to the Dark Side.” Snoke's eyes darken, “And bring her to me.” --- The planet of Oryktohs is just too bright. Rey is used to it, though. Her eyes have grown accustomed to sun shining on metal after scavenging on Jakku for years. Except, this was much worse. Rey peers through the window, only to wince as the reflected light blinds her vision. She moves away from the window and back into the Millennium Falcon 's cockpit, where she snatches her Jakku goggles from the ground and puts them on her head. It's barely enough to counter the light, but it will have to do. What kind of planet is this? Rey holds her breath when the Falcon lands, and she hopes the metal doesn't melt—she can already feel the sun's heat beating on the freighter. It's not that she minds the heat. Rey looks to the co-pilot's seat, a furry Wookiee sitting by her side. Before she can grab her saber and leave, Chewie roars, and pats Rey's shoulder. “I have to go, Chewie,” She says, stroking the hand of the giant fur-ball, “Master Luke requests it.” Chewie whines in protest. “No, Chewie, I must.” Chewie barks, and Rey shakes her head, “No, you have to stay here. Guard the Millennium Falcon .” Chewie agrees begrudgingly, and he relaxes back into his seat while flicking several levers. Rey grabs her lightsaber and cautiously descends the ramp of the Falcon . The planet is hot and bright, its atmosphere almost literally heavy on her shoulders. Rey kneels to appeal to gravity, and shuffles through her satchel to pull out a datapad. The screen zaps awake, and Rey opens the archives tab. “Planet, Oryktohs.” She says to the screen, and a planet comes into view. Rey skims the data. “Unclaimed planet, populated is zero, gravity similar to D'Qar, temperature eighty-nine Fahrenheit, pressure in atmosphere is fifty-five kilo-bars...” Rey mutters, and she shuts the datapad off, “And contents...Mineral galore.” Rey looks to the Falcon , then to the canyon ahead. She inhales, “Here goes...” And she starts dashing out onto the uneven terrain. The canyon is shaped with many jagged rocks and sharp crystals. Rey steps over the crystal-boulders cautiously, making sure to look out for the little stubs of rocks that poke out of the ground. The canyon seems exhaustively endless, walled with a too-wide plethora of stones. Rey feels lost in them, as if she is out at sea, unable to swim. The stones seem to shout into her head through the Force, but it's hard to concentrate on what they are saying, because it feels like millions of people talking at once. Rey tries her best to shut the noise out. Don't , Luke's voice echoes above the chatter, Find the One . Rey doesn't have a clue what he means by that, nevertheless, she continues on her way, enduring the noise as instructed. The majority of the gems are silver and blue, but some are red. Rey stops to observe their steady glow, tilting her head in curiosity. Rey extends her hand to one of them, and she taps her finger on it. A sharp jolt of electricity jolts through her body, and she cries out, pulling her hand back. Be careful , Luke says, Only touch the one you need . The one she needs. Rey scoffs, wanting to ask what he is talking about, but, instead, she uses the Force to feel around, hoping to feel something . She doesn't know what, to be honest, but Master Luke assured her she would know in time; the Force will tell her, guide her, show her. Rey has absolute confidence in that, and in her master, too. Rey closes her eyes, breathing in deeply. Suddenly, she does feel something. She doesn't know what it is, still. It's very distant, just outside her radar, but she picks up on it miraculously. It is brighter and stronger than the rest. It's alive . Rey opens her eyes, and waste no time in taking hasty steps through the canyon. --- “We're approaching Oryktohs.” Kylo Ren peers up to Hux, who is standing before him. Hux has a clear scowl on his face, his eyes bitter with spite. “Good.” Kylo Ren says merely, “I feel her. We're getting close.” Hux inhales, baring his teeth. Ren can instantly predict what the General needs to say, sensing the ginger's overwhelming stress and frustration. “General, you can save your breath,” Ren cuts, “I'm sure you can be of better use using those smart lips of yours to bark orders at the crew.” “By God, Ren,” Hux growls, ignoring the Knight, “You just had to drag me along to another of your failing schemes.” Hux sighs in exasperation, “I cannot believe you had the nerve to request the Supreme Leader that I lead this petty party to some secluded, uninhabitable planet for no explained reason !” “The Supreme Leader demanded this 'petty party,'” Kylo Ren shoots back, standing up to loom over the petite General, “Are you questioning his authority?” Hux does not back down. He only grows more angrier. Ren muses. What a sight to see . “That is not the issue, but more the fact that you volunteered me to aid you in something that will clearly result in disaster, due to your sick obsession with a scavenger from a just as desolate planet!” Hux sneers, “This is exactly the reason why Starkiller Base was blown to smithereens, and I cannot comprehend how that doesn't get through your thick skull! I do not want to be part of your failure!” Kylo Ren can feel his face burning with anger, and he clenches his fists to stop himself from grabbing the General's throat and strangling the life out of the scrawny little prick. “The Supreme Leader's orders are clear,” Ren states in a deadly calm voice, “I will ask you again, are you questioning the Supreme Leader's authority ?” Hux stares back at Ren with his piercing green orbs for a while, even through the mask, and he narrows his eyes slightly. “No.” And he whirls around, walking away from Kylo Ren. “Be prepared to make an instant departure to the surface. I give you an hour. Don't be careless with your time.” --- Something is terribly amiss. Rey nearly freezes in her tracks when she begins to feel something dangerous, like a storm clear on the horizon. The clouds are dark and angry. Rey knows this can indicate one thing; He has found her. A sinking feeling of fear turns her blood ice cold as it always does when he is involved. A low pain makes itself present in her temple, and she shudders, shaking away the flashback of his painful intrusion from her mind. Rey hurries. She is so close to completing her objective, she can feel what she needs is only less than a mile away. I might be able to make it . She doesn't know if she would be able to reach the Falcon in time. She prays to the Force to help her make it. The canyon finally leads to a cave. As Rey steps inside, she is relieved to feel the damp coolness of it. Her vision is nearly blacked out with her goggles on, it's so dark, so she cautiously takes it off and clips it to her belt next to her saber. The feeling is very strong in this cave. Rey can feel it pulsing. She feels as if she can outstretch her hand and touch it. She pushes forward, ducking away from several sharp stalactites as she goes in deeper and deeper. Soon, her vision is almost completely gone, except for the soft glow of a green strobe which beckons her closer, and, in no time, she finds herself standing in front of a crystal radiating so much Force energy, she almost faints. That's the one, Rey , Luke says, his voice weary. Take it. Rey reaches for it and palms it, sighing in relief when it doesn't shock her. With three sharp tugs, the small, egg-like gem chinks out of it's bed in the rocks. Rey holds it, unsure on what to do with it as it hums, as if to purr in affection. That is a Oktoh Crystal. Native to Oryktohs. Luke explains, A rare gem used among the Jedi as a prime defense system. It's aura is so strong, it can protect you even from the Force i tself . If utilized correctly, it can take the place of a kyber crystal in a lightsaber. “But, what do I need it for?” Rey asks, inspecting it curiously. It is one of the last of its kind. Luke explains. The Jedi hoarded the crystals for their scarcity, and hid them across the galaxies to keep it out of the hands of evil. Even us Jedi need to be cautious. It will protect you, but do not abuse its power. Rey nods. Put it around your neck, Rey. Get back to the Falcon as soon as you can. Rey looks around for something to twine together to hold the gem, and she only finds pieces of leather, which she braids together. She crosses the braided string over the crystal several times to ensure its security, and she ties an effective knot to connect the braided string in a loop. She dresses it around her neck, tucking the crystal into her shirt to conceal it. It feels cold against her skin, but warm at the same time. Rey heads out of the cave, her hand rested on her saber as she feels the danger, the storm, drawing dangerously close to shore. The trip back to the Falcon will take several hours. That concerns Rey very much, as she knows it might mean she'll be washed away by the storm and into something much more treacherous she prays she can avoid. Chapter 2 : A Battle Won is a Step Towards Victory Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The girl's power is nearly overwhelming for the Knight of Ren. The light of her Force is almost as blinding at the planet itself. Intriguing . But Kylo Ren knows better. Even a light so strong can be snuffed out. It's not impossible. Upon landing on the planet, Kylo Ren billowed passed the accompanying First Order pilots Hux sent himself, barking an order for them to stay put. They don't reply, but Kylo Ren doesn't care. The girl is so close, he can almost smell her. Yes, even through the helmet, Kylo Ren could catch familiar whiffs of salt and earth. It's nearly incredible that, after so long, she is almost in his grasp. Yes, she will be in his grasp. And he will enjoy every second of it. --- Rey is growing increasingly anxious with every step closer to the Falcon . It's actually frightens her. Through her mind's eye, she can see darkness at the end of the canyon, and the crystals seem to have dimmed to a dangerous red. The red of his saber. Rey doesn't know if it's the heat, or if her mind is merely playing tricks on her. She swears she can hear a taunting voice calling her name in the wind, and it makes her shiver. And that's when she feels him . She stops. Her heart is racing in her ears and she has to struggle to keep her breath shallow and steady. He is too close. Her eyes flick from one direction to another, a sweat on her brow. She hears small rocks grit under big footsteps. A small crystal clinks down to her feet. And then she runs. Behind her, she hears the sound of a crackling lightsaber, heavy boots pounding onto the terrain. Rey holds in sobs as she runs, her legs desperate to get away. Her mind is overridden with instinct, her heart pumping adrenaline in her veins. Rey doesn't think—she doesn't have time to think—when she throws herself into a crevice, wedging herself tightly in between the rocks. She sucks in her breath, and squeezes in further than she thought she could. Kylo Ren stands outside the crevice, his hollow mask showing no emotion, but installing more fear into Rey. “Hello, Scavenger Girl.” Kylo Ren taunts through his helmet, “It's been so long.” Rey sobs, shaking her head, “Get away from me, monster.” Kylo Ren reaches in the crack, which is much too small for his bulky size to pass through, but his fingertips are able to graze her arm. Rey reaches for the saber, but she cannot move her arm to engage it and strike. Master Luke , She pleads with all her might. “Master Luke cannot save you now.” Kylo Ren says, “I will ask you...come with me, and there won't be any trouble.” Rey shakes her head, tears rolling down her cheeks. No, no, no, She thinks, you have to be strong . Kylo Ren pulls his arm back and stands there, lighsaber at his side. Rey begins to think. I can't move. I can't push him away or attack him. I can run. I can't- Rey sobs again, I can't do anything. Holding her breath, Rey closes her eyes. What can I do? Rey opens her eyes, looking deeper into the dark of the crevice, How much longer is this crevice? Kylo Ren takes a look at his saber and slowly begins to insert it into the crevice. “Scavenger...I warn you. Come to me now. ” Kylo Ren urges darkly, “I can feel your fear. You are thriving on it.” Rey grunts, inhumanly squeezing her body to slip through a jagged crack and managing to scathe her back and chest by sharp crystals in the process. “ Come to the Dark Side,” Kylo Ren orders harshly. Rey pushes through, pushing out the intruding darkness edging her mind. “No,” She says, her voice shaky, “I will not.” Rey exclaims as she stumbles into an opening, falling to her hands and knees in a shallow pool of water. Rey cannot see anything, it is so pitched black. She blindly reaches for her saber, turning it on to illuminate the cave. Standing on two shaking legs, Rey observes her surroundings, and keeping a cautious attention towards Kylo Ren. The crystals in the cave glow a steady blue, reflected from her saber. The opening is very large, damp and it smells of mold, but it gives Rey a sense of security, at least for the moment . A steady stream of water flows into the small pool from the impossibly high ceiling , and continues to trickle elsewhere deeper into the blackness. Her observations are interrupted with the ungodly sound of Kylo Ren's saber scraping against the minerals, carving a bigger path to her. Glowing red liquid slowly rolls into the cavern before getting snuffed out by the dampness of the cave. Rey gives the melted minerals one look before she dashes blindly into the cave, breathing hard. Behind her, she can hear Kylo Ren cry, “I'm coming for you, Scavenger Girl!” Rey holds back her panic and focuses on running. It matters not that her legs or lungs ache. She just knows she has to get away, and fast, before he can get her. Rey doesn't have time to fear what might happen if he finds her and takes her again. --- No, I cannot let her get away. Kylo Ren thinks angrily, chopping away at the crystals that block him from getting the girl. It would be most unfortunate if the girl got away. If not for his unquenchable blood-lust, then for his master's sake. And Hux's, but he was the least of Ren's concerns. It's not like the girl could hide in the cave forever. In fact, she won't be able to get off the planet without coming back through the crevice and into the arms of the First Order and Dark Side. Kylo Ren is sure of that, at least. When the hole is sufficiently large for the Knight to pass through, Kylo pushes on. The cave smells more of water vapor and metal now, fiercely hinted with red dancing on the cave walls. He pauses to listen, listening for any sign of the girl: footsteps, sobs, her— his— saber. Nothing. Nothing but the sound of water droplet forming a puddle on the cool floor. Kylo Ren pushes onward, steadying his balance on slippery ledges and unstable pieces of rocks. Regardless if she is trying to hide or run, Kylo Ren can still feel her strong presence within the cave—hell, he was already able to sense her before he landed on the planet, it's so overwhelming. Now, pinpointing her is the tricky part, but it isn't impossible. Especially for one trained in the Dark Side such as himself. But this time, he cannot find her at all. She is everywhere and nowhere at the same time, which perplexes him deeply, and partially frustrates him. It is as if something is tampering with his Force, but even that he cannot detect or know for certain . “Oh, Scavenger Girl...I'm going to find you...” --- When footsteps approach, Rey clutches her lightsaber tighter. The red on the walls tells her all; Kylo Ren is stalking closer and closer to her with every passing second. It's a wonder how he can't hear her heart beating out of her chest, because Rey is sure it can be heard echoing off into the cave. Rey is barely able to hold down a gasp when Kylo Ren suddenly stomps passed her, but she clamps her own mouth shut, and closes her eyes. He does not notice her when he passes by, which Rey can only pray a quick thanks to the Force for that. It gives her the perfect upper hand to ambush him and catch him by surprise. Run was no longer and option—chances are, he'd follow her, and if she managed to get to the Falcon in time, he'd follow her in space, and then where would she go? She could never lead him back to the Resistance Base, so a fight is sure to come sooner or later. For the people , Rey thinks, To protect them. Before striking, she sends a brief apology to Leia. She has no intention on killing Kylo Ren, but she isn't going to show him mercy, not after what he's done. Surely Leia will understand. Faster than ever, she engages her lightsaber and takes a swing at her enemy, praying to the Force in hope that it is on her side. Kylo Ren exclaims when the searing hot burns in his back, and he rolls forward, screaming in distress. With a yell, Rey swings again, hitting the Knight on the shoulder, nearly amputating it at the shoulder. He yowls, his mask expressing a horrifying fury—or maybe she's merely picking up on his emotions, but it doesn't matter. With inhuman speed, he leaps to his feet and twirls his saber. “Tch, tch, tch, Scavenger.” He hisses, white hot anger clear in his voice, “You shouldn't have done that.” Rey feels fear rise up to her throat, but she stands her ground, gritting her teeth. “I'm not afraid of you, monster.” She says, her voice find unusual confidence. Kylo Ren chuckles lowly, “But you are, Scavenger.” He jabs his saber at her, and she blocks the attack, pushing back to swing again. He pushes her back with the Force, and she stumbles, but regains her balance, steeling her fierce expression. He swipes her side, which manages to graze a little of the flesh, but she dodges. “Come to the Dark Side,” Kylo Ren repeats, “I can feel your fear.” “No.” She grunts, pushing her saber on his, but careful of his cross-guard, “I will not betray the Light.” “ Betray !” Kylo Ren repeats with a snort, pushing back with a lot of force. Rey grunts again, straining to keep Kylo Ren's dangerous blade away from her face. “Scavenger, Scavenger...It's a true pity you don't realize that you are a slave to the Light.” He says, “The Light is using you. Would you call it betrayal if you only wanted freedom? Freedom to have what you desire, to have all the power in the universe?” Rey shakes her head. “You have to work for the Light...why not make the Dark work for you ?” “No,” Rey says, shoving him back with her saber, “No, you're wrong. The principles of the Light are pure and peaceful. The Dark has it's own form of purity, but it is selfish.” Rey twirls, and she swings her lightsaber at him, but he blocks it. “In the end, the Light can win over Dark,” She says, bringing her saber down to clash with his, “But that is not its true intention.” She says, kicking Kylo Ren on his side. He stifles an exclamation, spinning away from her and jabbing harshly at her side once more. Rey dodges with effort and grace. “Light and Dark must live in harmony. That is the goal of the Light...to bring balance.” “You have learned a lot, Scavenger,” Kylo Ren admits, disappearing behind a rock, “But not all. You can thrive in the dark.” He appears behind her, his hand outstretched, “If only I could teach you.” Rey feels pressure in her head, making her all woozy and drowsy. No, no, no , Rey thinks, her mind becoming panicked as she recalls the last time he did that. She awoke in an interrogation chair. I won't let you harm me like that again . She thinks with spite. As if a prayer has been answered, the pressure in her head slips away, and Rey regains her composure. That's odd... Rey thinks bri e fly, but thankfully , I didn't...do anything at all... “I see you have improved,” He says, “But so have I, Scavenger.” He flicks his outstretched hand to the right, and, caught off guard, Rey flies into the wall, crystals digging into her skin. Rey exclaims in agony, and she falls to the floor. Kylo Ren kneels next to her. “It doesn't have to be this way. You could just accept your fate.” “No, it is not my fate,” Rey wheezes, “I will stay in the Light...no matter what you say.” Kylo Ren's hollow mask stares at her, and he tilts his head. “Well, that's sad to hear.” He says, looming over her. Rey sweats, gritting her teeth. No, no, no ! And then he knocks Rey unconscious with the hilt of his saber. --- Kylo Ren pays no attention to Hux when they land back on the Finalizer . He has the girl, and he has yet to tempt her to the Dark Side; he doesn't have time for pesky little ginger twerps. “Kylo Ren, answer me .” Hux hisses, his nostrils flared and eyes on fire, “What do you intend on doing with the girl?!” Kylo Ren stops, clutching Rey tightly in his arms. He turns towards Hux. “It's none of your business, General. I have orders to follow,” Kylo Ren says, “I expect you to be pleased that I took less than an hour to complete the task.” “ Pleased is hardly the word,” Hux snarls, “We're still behind schedule, and for all we know, that girl will cause many other setbacks—maybe even the fall of the First Order !” “And there you are, questioning the Supreme Leader's decisions again!” Kylo Ren snaps back, “The girl is not your concern. Your concern is to stay out of the way of my progress, or you will find yourself on the Supreme Leader's darker side, I'm afraid.” “I don't care- ” “I'm sure a better use of the fury can be directed in destroying the Resistance or finding Luke Skywalker.” Kylo Ren says bitterly, “Why don't you go hide yourself in your piles of work? That is sure to be useful given the circumstances.” “You are truly despicable , Ren.” Hux gnarls with icy, narrowed eyes, “You have no right to tell me how to be useful, especially coming from you, the one displaying the most prolonged fruitlessness!” Kylo Ren stands silent, his stare, even through his helmet, dangerously deadly. “Good day, General,” Kylo Ren spin away from Hux, who 's mouth hangs a gapes at him in disbelief, “As I said, I have someplace to be. P er haps, being as useful as you are, you have some place to be, too?” Hux purses his lips, his glare still frozen bitter. “Absolutely. Have a nice day, Ren.” And, with that, Kylo Ren stomps away, the girl still limp in his arms. Notes: I'm not very good at the villain monologue....or lightsaber battle, either. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Stepping into the Unknown series