“Welcome to Hux Radio Broadcast Live! I'm your host, Radio Hux! Today, we're going to start the day with a very special song called 'The song that was stuck in my head yesterday!' Y'all enjoy, now!” - “You looks awfully distracted today, General.” Phasma remarks, resting next to Hux with a coffee cup in her hand. “And tired, for that matter.” She adds, frowning, “What's up?” “None of your concern.” Hux sighs, rubbing his eyes. “You're right, but, I'm still worried.” Hux sighs again, “Do ever just, like...get a song stuck in your head?” “Me?” Phasma asks, “All the time. Is that what's up for you, then? You have a song stuck in your head and it's distracting?” “Yes. Ever since I woke up this morning.” “Out of curiosity, what song is it?” Hux glares at her, “Just a song. How do I get it out of me head?” “Tell me, and then I'll help.” “ Phasma .” Hux growls, “...It's...stupid.” “Please?” Hux drops his head back, “ Gangnam Style.” Phasma stifles a laugh, but is unable, and burst into a fit of giggles. Hux just looks at her, extremely cross. “ Phasma .” - “Hello, this is Radio Hux! How's your forenoon so far? Well, bad news is, we got an angry call asking us to stop playing Gangnam Style. So, yeah, we'll finally stop playing that song on a loop.” Radio Hux pauses, “Oh, we just got a special request. This one is for Hux, called 'let's review that speech again in case I forget it.'” - “... T he New Re sistance lies to the galaxy while secretly supporting the treachery of the loathsome Re public-” Hux stops abruptly, “Oh, uh-” - “This is Radio Hux! We seem to be having minor technical difficulties with our tape. For now, we'll switch over to 'that one song that always calms me down when I'm stressed ' until the issue is settled.” - Later that day c omes a complaint from the crew concerning—of course—Kylo freakin Ren. Hux marches over to the black Knight, fuming. “What are you doing!?” Hux shouts. Kylo Ren spins around, disengaging his lightsaber, “Ah, General...I was waiting for you.” “Cut the childish act.” Hux sneers, “What's the problem this time?” A moment of silence ensues, and suddenly, Hux feels a sharp feeling jolt through his head. “ Get out of my head .” - “Oh! We just received a request. It's called 'my true feelings for Kylo Ren.'” Radio Hux says, “And we're broadcasting, baby! Kylo, this one's for you!” - Kylo Ren pulls back. “What the hell?” General Hux blushes a deep red, “Get out of my head.” “ You're broadcasting.” - “'What can I do? What can I do? The only one for me is you~'” Radio Hux sings along...loudly, “'Tell me, tell me, oh I just want you with me. Now why'd you take my heart if you don't looove me?'” - “ Well- don't listen!” Hux can see Kylo Ren smirk under his stupid helmet. “ You're the loud one.” Kylo Ren remarks teasingly. - “We just got an update from HQ! ABORT! I said ABORT !!” Radio Hux panics, “Time to play the 'I hate my feelings so much, I'm in denial' song to compensate for the last song we cut short. Uh...enjoy.” - “You've a very busy mind, General.” “And you've a ver y intrusive mind. I'm going to have to get you a restraining order if you don't quit.” - “'Die, die, die my darling~ Don't utter a single word! Die, die, die my darling! Just shut your pretty eyes! I'll be seeing you in hell. Yeah I'll be seeing you in heeeell~!'” - “So, do you love me or hate me?” “Does it matter?” Hux huffs, “Hate, if anything.” “That's a strong emotion. Possibly more powerful than love.” Hux turns away, “You are wasting my time.” Before he can walk away, Hux is stopped by a magical force. Hux growls in frustration, his face heating again. “Will you just let me go, you oaf! You are wasting my time !” - “ What an emotional day we're having today! This calls for a very meaningful song...called, uh... 'a song that means a lot to me.'” Radio Hux says, “This is the highlight, people! I hope y'all enjoy!” - Kylo Ren jolts back and lets Hux go from his grip. Hux just stands there, dumbfounded. “What is it?” “ I love that song, too.” - “'Aaanyyybooodyyy....fiiind meee....sooomebodyyy toooooo......looooooove... ' ” - “ What?” Hux perks, “No-I don't- that's not what I'm thinking of-ugh.” - “Oh-uhh... I deeply apologize! W rong tape!” Radio Hux panics, picking up a new tape, “Uh, this is the right one, uh-the meaningful one. The last one was called the 'I'm so lonely song/ I want love song .' Just...uh...enjoy this one.” - Kylo Ren tilts his head in curiosity. - “ 'What is this feeling? Does it have a naaaaammme? Yeeeesss.... loathing .'” - “I think you're lying,” Kylo Ren says. Hux purses his lips, stammering, “N-no, I'm not!” Kylo Ren reaches up to his helmet, and he pulls it off his head. His expression is a combination of being amused, curious, and worried at the same time. Hux can't help but think it's adorable. “Hux, I need to tell you something.” - “Eek!” Radio Hux panics (again), and he fumbles with the tapes, “Uhh-On second thought, I have something else to broadcast I'm sure you will enjoy! This one is called 'my actual true feelings for Kylo Ren never to be spoken ever no matter what ever in the entire duration of my lifetime speech.' Please take a moment to listen and appreciate.” - “ Kylo Ren!” Hux starts, cutting the Knight off, “Something important has been on my mind, too, concerning you-” “I don't want to hear it if it's about the crew's complaints.” “No, that's another issue we'll talk about later.” - “Fastforward!” - “The thing is...I love you.” Kylo Ren pauses, and this time, it's his turn to blush. “I wanted to talk to you regarding that subject...I...I also share the feeling.” - “Yaaay! This calls for a victory song!!” Radio Hux cheers, “Here's 'omg that confession went better than expected !'” - “ Please...say it...” - “'We all lead....such elaborate lives...Wild ambitions...in our sights. How an affair...of the heart survives...days apart...and hurried nights...seems quite...unbelievable to me...I don't want to live like that. Seems quite unbelievable to me...I don't want to love like that...I just want our time to be....slower and gentler...wiser...free...” - “I love you...” - And so... “And, folks, I'm afraid this concludes today's broadcasting, music, and events. Now, remember to hold on tight—it's only Monday, but hey! I'll be alongside you for the rest of the week.” Radio Hux says, putting on the tape 'What I've Done,' “I am your radio host, Radio Hux. As usual, stay alive, and tune in tomorrow for more spicy drama and sweet romantic songs. Or not. Depends on the mood.” Radio Hux laughs, “Well, this is Radio Hux, signing off! Until next time, y'all.” - Hux is at his desk, tapping his pen on his desk as he skims through his piles of work. He starts humming out of boredom, leaning back on his chain and putting down his datapad to rest his sore eyes. “Oppan Gangnam Style!” Hux sings, and continues to hum the melody...but then he suddenly pauses. He sits up and palms his temples, exhaling in irritation . “Goddammit.” Notes: Songs/Disclaimers: 1) Oppan Gangnam Style by Psy 2) I Love you my one and Only by Tsunku 3) Die Die Darling by The Misfits 4) Somebody to Love by Queen 5) Loathing from Wicked 6) Elaborate Lives from Aida 7) What I've Done by Linkin Park I obviously don't own Star Wars.