A son is born Queen Marielle of Arkanis gave birth to her second son at dawn. Her husband was attending a trade negotiation two miles away. It had been a shock to all involved when the queen fell pregnant again, the royal doctors having announced it was unlikely she would ever conceive again. It had taken many years of disappointing attempts for her and her husband King Brendol to have their first child. The boy had been named after his father, as was the custom of the country. Brendol not only inherited his father’s name, but also the fiery red hair the Hux bloodline was known for, Marielle always felt her dark blonde hair was rather dull in comparison to her husband’s. Marielle had always been of a frail disposition; she was a native of the Southern Regions and was therefore unused to Arkanis’ perpetual chill and rains. She coughed a lot. When she fell pregnant again when Brendol was seven, the doctors were worried the strain might kill her. After the difficulties of Brendol’s conception; the more unsatisfied of the courtiers and peasants began to whisper rumours of infidelity, that perhaps it was the King that had difficulty bearing fruit and not the Queen. Those rumours were quickly hushed and forgotten when the second child arrived with the same coppery shade of hair as his father and brother. When word reached King Brendol – whispered into his ear by a frantic servant – he decided to indulge his sickly wife in her requests to name the child herself. Such a thing was most unusual in Arkanis as such an important decision was usually left to the father and male relatives. Brendol already had a strong healthy son to carry on his name, the second child would go into the service of the Church so it didn’t really matter what their name was did it? She named him Etienne: Crown. ** Nearly two years later Lady Leia Organa delivered her son by moonlight. Her husband was by her side. “C’mon sweetheart, you’re doing so well.” Han encouraged, letting his wife attempt to break his fingers as another contraction rocked her. He’d seen a lot of things in his lifetime, but childbirth was definitely the most disgusting miracle he’d ever witnessed. “Just another push-” “What do you think I’m doing donkey-breath? Weaving a goddamn tapestry?!” “You’re doing fine my Lady.” A nurse chirped soothingly, her voice far too calm for Han’s liking. Leia threw her head back, the sweat on her forehead shining in the firelight. The stars dotted the sky in the window, like silent spectators for their child’s arrival. “Fine my ass! ” Leia screamed, Han felt his admiration for his wife rise exponentially. Never been the epitome of delicate femininity, his Leia. “Where’s Luke?” He asked the nurse. “He’s on his way from Coruscant, the Bishop needed his advice on something. He’ll be here by dawn at the latest Lord Solo. Don’t worry.” She replied readily. Luke had promised he’d be present when his sister gave birth; things had felt weird since Luke had left to serve in Bishop Snoke’s employ. It was always meant to be the three of them. “There! I see a head!” The nurse exclaimed happily, calling her assistants over. Han gave his wife’s hand one last reassuring squeeze before one particularly squat woman bustled over and ousted him off the side of the bed. “Solo you get back here, ” came Leia’s growl from behind a mass of nurses’ heads. “You come back here and see your brat…. ARGH. GOD!” The tiny cry of a newborn cut through the hubbub of the nurses’ chatter and Leia’s harsh breathing. Immediately the infant was scooped up in a warm towel to be checked over by the head doctor whilst some of the younger nurses cooed at how well Leia had done. Han pushed past them to re-join Leia on the bed. She was pale, shaky, sweaty and God above she was still the most beautiful creature Han had ever seen. “You did great love.” He grinned, kissing her damp forehead. “If you think you’re crawling back into my bed after this you can shove it Dearest. ” Han couldn’t stop grinning. She smiled back at him, happy but exhausted. She took his hand again and let out a small laugh. “Where’s our little nuisance then?” The head doctor, an ancient man with the eyes of an owl, smiled benignly at the pair of them. “God has given you a beautiful little boy my Lady. Many blessings upon you both.” The child was placed in Leia’s arms and the doctor ushered the nurses out once he was satisfied Leia was alright and left the pair of them alone with their little miracle. Tenderly, Leia placed the baby to her breast and let him suckle. Wisps of dark hair stuck out from his tiny pink head like fluff. “He’s got your eyes.” Han breathed wonderingly. Leia rolled her eyes. “Open your eyes, his are closed Han.” Han shrugged and gingerly placed a rough hand on the baby’s head, careful not to startle or disturb him. “What should we call him?” After much debating, Lord and Lady Organa-Solo named their son Ben, a diminutive version of the late Count Kenobi, who had been a great man and a very good friend to the three of them. Luke joined them in the morning, marvelling over his little nephew. He held the tiny bundle with awe, bouncing him to quiet the snuffles as Leia instructed. “You’re going to do great things Ben,” He whispered, looking down into little curious dark eyes as they peered at him from beneath the folds of the blanket. “God’s got wonderful things in store for you.” Chapter 2 Notes: Hey again! Hope you're enjoying so far :D (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Etty?” Hux looked up from his reading to see his older brother leaning against the doorframe to the library, arms crossed and a short sword hanging off his hip. “What’s the matter Bren?” “I came to check on you, you’ve been cooped up in this place all day.” Hux huffed a small laugh and pinched the bridge of his nose, screwing his eyes closed to block out the words that had started to swim in front of his eyes. “I have to learn these histories before I head off to Coruscant.” Brendol made a sympathetic noise and came to flop down in a chair on the opposite side of the desk Hux was sat at. With a lazy stretch of his arms Brendol rearranged himself into a more comfy position. At twenty-three he was broader in the chest than his younger brother, but stockier. Etienne had the more willowy build of his mother, and at sixteen sometimes felt a little jealous of his brother’s strong frame. Brendol had the physique of a fighter, honed by years of training drills and practice as part of his preparation for kingship. Hux had always known he was going to be sent to the cathedral of the Bishop Snoke, and therefore had no need of physical training. Anticipating a more sedate pace of life, his father had employed more tutors than Brendol had had during childhood, teaching Hux all manner of histories and languages as was befitting a scholar. He had read nearly twelve different versions of the Holy Bible, even spending the better part of a year translating a version into Old Arkaneen as a personal project. “Rather you than me.” Brendol laughed good-naturedly, his smile spreading wide over his weather beaten face. His copper hair was curlier than Etienne’s, falling onto his forehead as he moved. “There’s only so many times I can read about my new master defeating heretics in the Holy Wars.” Hux complained, pushing the heavy book away from him. Brendol tilted his head. “Ah yes, I read up on him too. Snoke the Righteous, Snoke the Just… ” “Not titles I’m saying to his face.” Hux said flatly. Still laughing slightly his brother straightened. “Come ride with us Etty, one last time before you go.” Brendol was going off for a brief visit to the villages on the border with a select group of his most trusted friends, who would no doubt be his advisors and knights once Brendol ascended to the throne. They were good men, though Hux always felt out of place among them, not truly one of them but only Brendol’s little brother, always the one pretending he could keep up with their hunts and bawdy conversations. Always Little Etty. “I’ll pass thanks Bren; I really do need to learn these.” He tried to pretend he didn’t see his brother’s shoulders slump a little in disappointment. “If you’re sure…” For a while neither said anything and Hux pulled the book back to him, frowning at the pages. The penmanship was shoddy, making the words all blur into one. “You know,” came Brendol’s voice, “You look like mother when you do that?” Hux looked up. “Hm?” “When you frown. Mother used to frown like that.” Hux looked up to see his Brendol looking at him closely with a fond expression. He couldn’t really remember his mother, her frail health finally giving out during a harsh winter when he was about five years old. He vaguely remembered everybody wearing black clothing and having solemn faces, he remembered his father shutting himself away in his chambers for nearly a week and Brendol crying. He must have cried too, all he really had for certainty was a thin woman and a flash of dark blonde hair. Bren had better memories of her and was always willing to answer his brother’s questions; their father didn’t like to talk about her much. Though he always came across as a little distant to both his wife and sons, there had been true affection there. “Yes well… you look like father when you frown.” “Do not.” Brendol retorted, completely undermining his argument by crinkling his forehead in a manner so like their father it was uncanny. Hux merely raised an eyebrow, causing another grin to crack on Brendol’s face. His brother stood, scraping the chair across the stone floor noisily. “C’mere,” He said, pulling Hux off his chair into a warm, tight bear hug that Hux would never admit was his favourite thing in the whole world. “My little brother going off to fancy Coruscant all by himself! I’m going to miss you.” “I’m going off to be a priest Bren,” Hux protested, wrapping his arms around his brother’s torso, “Hardly a glamorous life.” “It’s still half a world way.” Bren reminded him gently. Hux briefly allowed his eyes to fall shut and filled his senses with the smell of riding leathers and damp horses, wondering how long it would be before he smelt it again, before he hugged his brother this way again. He wasn’t leaving for a few weeks, but it all felt so final. “You write to us, you hear?” Brendol was saying, his voice sounding a little strained. “Let us know how everything’s going, when you can come visit.” “I will.” Hux said, muffled by his brother’s grip. “I promise…I’ll miss you.” “You’ll be fine Etienne; it’ll all turn out alright.” ** Three years later Ben grunted as he overbalanced and fell face first into the straw. The young soldier he was sparring with laughed and extended a hand as Ben rolled over, a few streaks of mud on his face. “You’re putting too much into it.” The man said, helping Ben to his feet. “You’re putting too much emotion into it, be a bit less angry with me next time.” “’M not angry with you-” “You’re angry at something Sir, and it shows.” It was still strange to hear himself addressed as Sir by someone nearly five years his senior. At seventeen he’d grown into someone taller and larger than most other boys his age in Alderaan, and he found most other boys were reluctant to spar with him the way they did with each other. At first Ben thought that maybe they were just intimidated by his size, but as he grew he realised that they were intimidated his title. They weren’t technically royalty, but the Organa-Solo house all but ruled Alderaan. No doubt they’d all been lectured from an early age not to anger or hurt Lady Leia’s son, advice which they’d clearly interpreted to ‘avoid him whenever you can help it’. So instead Ben was forced to train with older men in his mother’s army that were all paid to be there. Paid to put up with the boy nobody wanted to be friends with. Ben was sick of it. “Just thinking I guess.” He shrugged, wiping at the mud on his face. The soldier chuckled. “Wanna call it a day?” “No!” Ben protested, straightening and swinging the wooden sword idly in one hand. “We can go another round.” “I highly doubt your mother would like me beating your arse back into the dirt again Sir-” Ben threw himself at the man, a short charge with a yell and his fake sword raised high. The soldier was unfazed, side stepping him and delivering a swift sharp blow to the back of Ben’s thighs with his own wooden weapon. Ben tripped but kept his footing to spin back around to thrust his sword again. Their fight was tight; close ranged and quick, Ben’s original fall the only mistake so far. Ben would come away with a few bruises and maybe a handful of scrapes from the wood, but he planned to give his opponent a few as well. He liked sparring, it gave him an outlet for his tensions and frustrations when his parents were too busy with state business to hear him out. Whenever his uncle Luke came to visit he always tried to impress on Ben’s mind the importance of serenity and peace to get his emotions straight. However, no matter how good and pure Luke’s ways might be, did he have to make them sound so boring? One thing he looked forward to, however, when his uncle visited, was Luke’s comments on the Bishop Guards. Ben had always liked the idea of serving in the military; though he knew his mother would rather he turned his ambitions into politics instead. In his parent’s library he’d grown up reading tales of gallant knights saving their loves from evil wizards and monsters in the dark. He liked to imagine himself in these tales, saving the day like a hero. The Bishop Guard appealed to Ben’s imagination. He liked the idea of a scarlet clad troop protecting one of the world’s holiest men next to the Pope, eradicating evil and spreading the might of God throughout the world. He had met the Bishop only once before, as he passed through their country on his way to neighbouring Arkanis about some new pupil he was taking on. The man seemed frail and withered but Ben had heard Luke’s tales of how he’d beaten back evil in the Holy Wars. Ben’s grandfather, Anakin Skywalker, had also been in those wars alongside Coruscant’s current king Palpatine. Where his mother and uncle had tried to distance themselves from their bloody yet glorious heritage, Ben had embraced it, learning all he could about his family’s legacy. Yes, he could imagine himself as one of those elite soldiers… A lucky hit from his opponent to the shoulder drew Ben out of his thoughts, dragging him back to reality. He parried another swing and ducked one shoulder, driving an elbow into the soldier’s gut. The man fell back with a small oooff. “That was a dirty trick Sir.” The man complained when Ben took a few steps back to signal the end of the fight, rubbing his stomach. “Does everyone you fight on the battlefield play fair?” retorted Ben. The man cocked his head. “Fair point.” He conceded. Ben walked off to put his wooden sword and leather armour away, leaving the soldier to his own business. The smell of hay and muck in the nearby stables was strong on the breeze. When his parents were free this evening he’d make his case. Seventeen was plenty old enough to go out into the world on his own, and entering the illustrious Bishop Guard was a great way to do so. He’d argue to his father that it would be a great way to channel his energy and gain independence whilst seeing some of the world. He’d argue to his mother that he would be of more use in the Guard than he would be sat in some dusty trade deal. They’d be proud he was taking some initiative for once, taking his future into his own hands. Ben smiled to himself. ** Oh how wrong he’d been. “ No, ,” Leia snapped. “Absolutely not Ben.” “Why not?” Ben asked, folding his arms. “I thought you’d be happy for me to serve the church-” “The church is one thing, Snoke is quite another.” “But-” “Listen to your mother kid,” Han cut in, continuing to sit while Leia paced irritably back and forth along the fireplace. “Look, not wanting to sit in trade deals? I can understand that. I’ve seen you train with the soldiers; you’re more of a military kind of man. We’ll find you a position if you really want, but not with Snoke.” Ben rolled his eyes, exasperated. “What’s so bad about Snoke? He’s a hero, like grandfather-” “Your grandfather was a monster! ” Leia all but shouted, slamming her hand onto the mantelpiece. “Please sweetheart…you’re young, it may seem a glorious thing to fight in a war but all they ever accomplished was the massacre of innocents. Don’t let Luke’s stories turn your head.” “So you’d just have me sit around like you then? Talking about things but never actually getting them done? I could actually do something!” Leia inhaled deeply and Han ran a hand through his hair with a sigh. Ben felt his hands clench into fists as his anger rose. They didn’t understand, Ben could really be somebody in Snoke’s employ, actually serve a purpose. Snoke always wanted new people and Ben wanted nothing more than to be needed, to be of use and wanted . His mother and father always made sure he was tucked out of the way whenever possible, telling him it was to keep him safe but Ben knew better. He had always known better it wasn’t to keep him safe, it was because he wasn’t their cute little boy anymore and they didn’t really wanted him anymore. The boys in the villages didn’t want him around, his parents were no different. “Please listen to me Ben.” Leia pleaded, evidently thinking changing her tone of voice would calm her son down. She was wrong. “Snoke is dangerous, you don’t want-” “You know nothing of what I want.” Han’s head snapped up and he frowned. “Hey, don’t talk to your mother that way.” Ben turned to him. “You’re just the same! Be quiet Ben, don’t go there Ben, just stay a good silent little boy Ben- ” “ENOUGH.” Han shouted, rising to his feet. “That is enough son. Your mother’s told you her wishes and your tantrum isn’t going to change that. This discussion is over. ” The words settled into in air, creating a heaviness between the three of them. Leia’s eyes were wet with tears and Han glared at his own hands. Ben looked between the two of them, anger making his own eyes sting. Swinging a hand violently, he knocked a candlestick over, ignoring his mother’s startled squeak of “Ben!” and stormed back to his chambers. He’d never been more angry with his parents in his life. Why couldn't they see this was something he had to do? They just wanted to keep him in the dark, alone... they were deliberately holding him back… In the morning, when Han and Leia came to check in on their son they found the room empty. A horse was missing from the stable, Ben was already gone. ** “And you are?” Ben looked up from his kneeling position into the Bishop’s face. He’d already told numerous officials and guards his business. He’d made another name for himself to cover his tracks from his parents. “K-Kylo, Kylo Ren.” The Bishop gave him a long appraising look, shadowed eyes glinting in the light of the audience chamber. He was kneeling in a line with other young boys and one tall blonde girl who named herself as Phasma. Beside Snoke he could see his Uncle Luke staring at him with a mixture of bewilderment and disappointment. He would have to explain it to them before Luke sent word back to his parents. It would ruin everything. Deliberately ignoring Luke, he tried to keep his focus on the bishop. However, it was the boy sat next to Snoke that caught Ben’s attention. He was a young acolyte dressed in white with an ornate red sash embroidered with gold pinned across his chest diagonally. He was pale with a sharp green gaze and hair so red Ben wasn’t entirely sure it wasn’t made of fire. The boy had a delicate face that would have been pleasant if it weren’t for the unimpressed look on his face. Nevertheless, Ben found his eyes wandering back to the boy every now and again, flushing when the boy looked back. Ben forced his attention back to Snoke, who smiled thinly. “Welcome to my house, Kylo Ren.” Snoke stood from his throne, the red haired boy and other officials following suit. Snoke looked at his new recruits in approval, waving his hand benignly. “You will all have to prove yourself of course, my guard is an elite group and the training will, alas, be hard. Though if you persevere, there will be a spot for you. My servants will show you to your chambers, you will begin tomorrow.” Ben – now Kylo Ren – rose with the rest of them and began to follow the line out of the room. His Holiness was already turning away with his attendants. The red haired boy turned once, looking at Ren one more, only to turn away again quickly when he found Ren already looking. “Hey Ren, come on!” called the girl, Phasma, waving him over with a friendly grin. Ren quickly tore his attention from Snoke’s acolyte and followed her out. Notes: I was really tempted to give Hux a terrible childhood, REALLY I was. Like, SUPER tempted....but then Brendol turned into a sweetheart, blame him. Ignore Kylo, he's full of teen angst and bad decisions. Chapter 3 Notes: Whew! I'm back guys! I'm sorry this update took so long...and that it's so short. I know where this story is going but I had both writer's block and RL obligations kicking my ass into next week. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The first few months passed without incident. Kylo’s days mainly consisted of sparring with the other boys, fulfilling menial duties that were expected of him in his training, and avoiding the disapproving gaze of his uncle. Luke had taken to hovering around Kylo’s quarters, no doubt hoping to drag him to one side and try to convince him to go back to his parents but Kylo had learned from the others how to slip past unnoticed – a skill the other boys had put to good use pilfering extra rolls and apples from the court cooks – and keep himself free of any unwelcome discussions. He had spotted Luke passing a scroll to a messenger but had intercepted it, wrenching it out of the messenger’s hands. He brought it back to his uncle, angrily crumpling it in his fist. “You may tell her I am well, that is all.” He had hissed at the monk, if only to get Luke to go away. He had no way of knowing if his demand would be acknowledged or obeyed but he told himself not to care, not to think about it. If they came for Ben Organa Solo it would be a fruitless endeavour, Kylo Ren was here now. ** One thing about no longer being a lord, Kylo noticed, was that now his sparring partners didn’t hold back for fear of hurting him. The boys all punched and kicked and swung their wooden swords with as much ferocity as they would an actual enemy, not worried about spilling noble blood or bruising noble skin. When he used his height and strength to beat them back Kylo finally felt victorious, like he’d truly won the fight instead of them yielding to let him win. When he was beaten Kylo began to recognise ways he could improve and watch his opponent’s tactics. It wasn’t often he lost, but when he did it was always some sort of lesson. Phasma nearly breaking his jaw was a lesson in not picking fights with women. Whenever the Bishop Snoke came to see them, he knelt with the rest of them, one hand across his chest in a respectful salute. Snoke’s presence always felt so much larger than the space he occupied, filling the courtyard with a cold command. Though he would sometimes speak in low tones to the training master, he was for the most part a silent observer. Silent also was the red haired boy. Though the months had pushed all thoughts of the boy to the back of Kylo’s mind, he couldn’t help but risk a quick glance up from his kneeling position. Draped in the same heavy white robes adorned only with a scarlet sash the boy stood just on the edge of Snoke’s entourage with a slight frown on his face like some sort of exceptionally judgemental spectre. His hair had grown a little longer than Kylo recalled it being, almost to the chin. If Kylo squinted he could just make out a smattering of freckles across his nose- The boy’s eyes flickered over to his and Kylo quickly dropped his eyes again. When the Bishop stated his approval and swept out the yard the boy went also, never speaking and leaving no trace of him ever being there. When Kylo and the others rose from their kneeling and began to potter about their own business Phasma jogged up to him. “I saw you kick Johan into the dirt today.” She smiled brightly, pushing blonde strands of hair of her forehead. “He had it coming.” Johan had implied Kylo had committed some unsavoury act with the old donkey in the stable and Kylo had broken his nose for it. Fights were not uncommon among the boys but Phasma usually put a stop to them. Today, however, she had just cheered Kylo on. “Well now he’ll think about things before he goes shooting his mouth off again.” Shrugged Kylo, turning to attend to his leathers. Phasma grinned. “The training master told Snoke we’re the two best contenders for the Bishop’s Guard.” “ What?! ” Kylo gaped, spinning to face her. “How do you know?” Phasma’s smile was broad and proud. “Overheard them when they thought we were out sparring. He said to give it a year or two and we could be part of the troop. Can you believe it Ren? Us!” Kylo could barely believe it. A member of the Bishop’s Guard in two years? This was something he had wanted his whole life! A warm sensation bubbled in his chest and a smile began to pull at his lips. “You’re certain of this?” “I’m sure.” With that; Phasma flashed him another wide grin, clapped him on the shoulder and strode off, no doubt to terrorise some poor stable boy. Kylo kept smiling, daring to hope, and went back to his duties. ** “That’s not the right book.” The voice shocked Kylo out of his bored stupor. With a jolt his head snapped up from where it had been resting on his arm, staring blankly at the paper. The parchment and ink blended into one blur as he’d tried and failed to make any sort of sense of it. The voice came from the doorway of the library. Kylo looked up to see Snoke’s red haired acolyte frowning at him, green eyes looking more like a speckled hazel in the dim candlelight. Kylo tried to come up with a suitable response but what came out of his mouth was a dumbfounded. “What?” The acolyte sighed as though Kylo were being deliberately dense and jerked his chin in the direction of the old leather bound tome resting on the table in front of Kylo. “That translation is old; the author didn’t have a clue about Coruscant protocols. Whatever you’re studying, you won’t find it in that thing.” “Nobody’s read this book in years,” Kylo shot back, ignoring the voice in the back of his head telling him that snapping at Snoke’s apprentice might not be the wisest decision, “It may have some use still.” “I’ve read every book in the room.” The boy sniffed, his accent still had twinges of Arkanis to it, though it had picked up the clipped lilt of inner Coruscant. “I can assure you, it doesn’t.” Kylo huffed and closed the book. “Well then, why don’t you tell me which book is best?” The boy’s frowned deepened and he stepped into the room. A thrill of panic shot up Kylo’s spine. Wasn’t Snoke’s apprentice meant to be some sort of prince? Didn’t he have Snoke’s ear? He could have blown his chance of being in the guard if this boy decided to tell Snoke Kylo had spoken rudely, he could lose everything!- But the boy didn’t respond to Kylo’s rudeness, but simply raised one copper eyebrow and stalked towards the shelves of immaculately lined books and scrolls. He ran a pale fingertip over the faded gilt titles as he considered. “Some of these are hundreds of years old,” the boy mused, seemingly more to himself than Kylo, “No wonder they get so frayed and bent….ah!” He paused and plucked out a nondescript book that looked dirty against the almost sparkling white of the boy’s priest robes. Kylo tried to make out the title but the words had faded beyond comprehension. “That looks useless.” “On the contrary,” replied the acolyte, gently opening the frayed pages and flipping through it with upmost care. “This book has a more succinct and informative history of Coruscant and its people than half the rest of the library combined. Language, geography, mythology…it’s all in this little thing.” Kylo raised his eyebrows at the boy’s almost reverential treatment of the book but didn’t comment, opting instead to hold out his hand. “Well, thanks.” The boy looked back to him; eyes dropping to Kylo’s outstretched hand in confusion. “I’m sorry?” Kylo frowned. “You said this was the best book-” “Oh, it is.” “Well give it to me then.” He waggled his fingers for emphasis. The confused expression remained on the boy’s face for a second before a small smirk tugged at his lips. “No.” “ No? What do you mean, “ no” ?” “Exactly what I said.” The boy replied, stowing the book away in the volumes of his robes. “No.” “Why not?!” “ I need this book,” came the smug reply, “Bishop Snoke sent me to fetch it.” Kylo’s spluttered comeback was lost as the boy swept out the room as silently as he had approached it. Slumping back into his seat, he took his frustration out on the poor book he’d already had by angrily flipping it open, not caring whether or not he’d damaged the spine. “God, I fucking hate priests.” ** Snoke hadn’t needed the book. He hadn’t sent Hux to fetch anything. In fact, Hux hadn’t seen Snoke all week. He’d actually gone down to the library to get himself something to read for the few days left until Snoke summoned him again. He hadn’t originally meant to tease one of the Bishop Guard hopefuls, but Ren had just looked so confused he couldn’t help himself. Nobody really had anything to say to a priest in training, so he took his small victories, however petty they could be, where he could. Ren would have to keep his wits sharper if he wanted to get into Snoke’s Guard, Hux had been stood in the doorway for a full minute before he’d spoken up. From what he’d heard, Ren was one of the strongest contenders for actually getting a place on the Guard, along with a frightening blonde girl named Phasma whom Hux was pretty sure could throw him across a field. Unlocking the door to his chambers Hux saw the servants had already prepared the fire and the warmth washed over him as he settled onto his bed. He really should write to Brendol soon, with winter drawing in messengers willing to travel all the way to Arkanis would be a rare find. His brother’s last letter had been long and rambling; Bren wrote like he spoke, breaking off to go on strange tangents whilst filling Hux in on affairs back home. Had Bren kept to a more formal and concise style, Hux would never have known how the white colt had grown, or how the cook’s son had broken his arm falling from a tree. Strange. When his father’s rare letters arrived Hux found he didn’t really miss Arkanis, nor the people in it. When his brother wrote to him – a more frequent occurrence – he felt within himself an odd feeling of homesickness. Opening the small nondescript book he’d taken, Hux put all thoughts of home and family out of his mind. Notes: *clapping rhythmically* Hux is P to the E to the T T Y! He's petty! He's petty! He's petty all the time! Comments are, as always, loved, appreciated and screamed over. x Chapter 4 Notes: Hey guys! I'm baaaaaaaack!!! Okay, this chapter was delayed for mainly two reasons, I thank you so so much for your patience; 1. Christmas was pretty crazy where I am, so I had to wait for things to settle before I could crack out another chapter for you all. 2. I've been seeing a LOT of negativity in the Kylux tag on tumblr lately and, I'll be honest, it kind of made me a bit reluctant to write more and even more reluctant to actually post anything due to the sheer amount of hate I've come across :( However, I decided 'screw it, I LIKE this AU." Like I said, thank you SOOOOOO much for your patience, you guys are the best! Warning: There be actual plot ahead. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Bishop Snoke wants to see you.” Kylo looked up from the leather hide he was stitching to look up at the messenger in surprise. “Do you mean me?” “You see anyone else in here?” The boy shot back sullenly, idly scratching at his nose. Kylo spared a glance around the room, starting a little as he realised that the room was completely empty. He’d been so used to blocking out the other boys and their ceaseless noises that he had truly not noticed that every last one of them were elsewhere. Maybe they’d said where they were going, maybe they hadn’t, Kylo had never heard. “So, you comin’ or not?” the messenger demanded. Kylo sighed and set his leathers to one side. “Yes, please tell His Holiness I will be there shortly.” It wasn’t until the boy had made a half-hearted attempt at a bow and slouched away that Kylo allowed himself a careful exhale. What did the Bishop want with him? He cast his mind back as far as he could go to try and remember if he had committed any grievous error. Sure, he’d been a little rude to the red haired acolyte a month or so back but he drew a blank to any rule breaking since then. Since no immediate punishment had ever rained down on him, he assumed that incident had been forgotten. Maybe he wasn’t in trouble after all. But, then again, Kylo couldn’t remember doing anything particularly noteworthy either. Confusion and trepidation swirled in his chest as he stood up and peered into a small looking glass, running a hand through his hair to make it appear more presentable for the Bishop. It had grown out a little since he’d left home, curling over his ears and tickling his cheeks. He quite liked it. His mother had always kept his hair at a ‘sensible’ length that he felt always brought unwanted attention to his ears and the fact they stuck out. Shrugging, he gave his clothes a quick adjustment and went to the Bishop’s meeting chamber. ** Snoke didn’t look up at Kylo as he entered, nor when Kylo sunk into the familiar respectful bow on one knee, his right arm clasped across his chest. The Bishop instead continued scratching his quill on a piece of parchment. Kylo glanced up and felt his eyes widen as he caught sight of a familiar figure in white stood off to one side in the back. His heart jumped into his throat; had the redhead finally told Snoke of Kylo’s impropriety? The boy had his arms folded across his chest, looking down at Kylo with an almost sour look on his face. Kylo looked to the floor, clenching his jaw and trying to tell himself that he could take whatever punishment was coming- “Thank you for hastening to my summons young lord.” The Bishop said graciously, pushing the parchment away and folded his thin hands on the desk before him. “My staff tell me you are coming along with your training admirably.” Kylo risked a glance up, feeling a flush of pleasure colour his cheeks at the unexpected praise. “Thank you Your Holiness.” “It is no secret that you and Phasma are the only two I am truly considering of allowing into my personal Guard…” A swell of pride threatened to halt Kylo’s breathing for a second before he forced his voice into a steady tone. “I thank you Your Holiness.” “However,” Snoke continued, rising from his seat and walking over to where Kylo knelt, his heavy robes hissing softly over the floor. Kylo dropped his gaze to the floor again as a cold hand rested lightly on the crown of his head. “To truly be inducted, I must see that I can place total trust in you.” Kylo said nothing, but raised his eyes again. Out of the corner of his vision he could see the redhead acolyte tilt his head slightly as he studied the scene. “A-Anything you wish Your Holiness.” “Have you met Etienne?” Snoke’s voice was light as he removed his hand from Kylo’s head – a vague feeling of relief followed though Kylo could not pinpoint why – and he indicated the boy stood in the corner. “Second born son of House Hux, prince of Arkanis.” The boy nodded, seemingly more due to acknowledgment than any sort of politeness. Kylo gritted his teeth and mirrored the nod. “Your Highness.” He said, only just keeping the dislike out of his voice. “Lord Ren.” Hux shot back, a tinge of boredom colouring his voice. “Prince Hux is entrusted with sending a very special message to our allies in the south.” Snoke explained, apparently not noticing the frosty atmosphere between the two of them. “Heathens and barbarians are rising again in our world, and we must stamp them out to regain order throughout the realms.” Kylo nodded, familiar with the speech. Chaos was spreading and Snoke was right, sometimes order and peace had to take back their rightful places. Sometimes forcefully so. “The journey should take two days there and two days back. Your task, young Ren, is to protect my apprentice, and bring him back safely.” Four days? Four days babysitting that arrogant little?!- “It will be my honour.” Lied Kylo, taking Snoke’s nod as permission to rise. Hux did not look happy about the idea either. If anything, the sour look on his face deepened. Kylo ignored him in favour of facing the Bishop, who smiled thinly. “Excellent.” He turned away from Kylo to roll up the parchment and seal it with a blob of melted crimson wax, pressing his gold signet ring into it to etch his holy symbols into it. Kylo stayed still as Snoke passed the small scroll to Hux, who stashed it away somewhere in his own heavy robes. “You two are dismissed for now. You will depart in the morning.” Kylo glanced back at Hux, meeting his eyes briefly for a second or two before Hux bowed to the Bishop with a quiet “Master” before sweeping out through a wooden door to one side. For a second Kylo stared at the closing door, wondering if perhaps he ought to have followed and say something more…plans for the journey maybe… “Ren?” Snoke’s voice cut through Kylo’s mental wonderings and Kylo snapped his attention back to the Bishop, his spine going straight and rigid. “Yes Your Grace?” “Our enemies might not take too kindly to the prince wandering around in the open; make sure he comes back in one piece. I don’t think I need to explain what should happen if you fail.” The implications hung in the air between them the way a broken spider’s web floated in a breeze, light but noticeable. Kylo fought the urge to swallow. Snoke’s smile remained on his ageing face, but it seemed harsher, colder than before. “Y-Yes Your Holiness.” “Good. Make me proud.” Kylo’s bow was jerky and short before he hurried out of the room. ** Early morning sunshine filled the courtyard with bright light, making the dew in the grasses glisten. A few birds trilled in the distance and there was a low hubbub of sound as people woke up and began their day. Kylo’s breath puffed out in little white clouds in the cold air as he finished tying bags of supplies to his horse, a young black colt he’d christened Vader after his grandfather’s name in the Holy Wars. He’d packed lightly, but had wheedled extra food from the cooks to last them a little longer than four days should there be any delays. Footsteps echoed across the relatively empty courtyard and Kylo looked up to see Hux wearing light riding clothes with a white cloak that signified his importance to the Church, a hood drawn over his head but a few copper strands had snaked their way out around his forehead. He looked regal, royal. He is royal, stop being stupid. Kylo scolded himself, deliberately turning to face away from Hux. “That’s a good horse.” The prince said by way of a greeting. Kylo smiled despite himself. “He is. A tad enthusiastic at times, but he rides well.” “What’s his name?” Hux asked, not looking at Kylo, but instead holding out a hand towards Vader’s nose. Vader, traitor that he was, accepted Hux’s petting with pleasure. Kylo scowled at the horse. “Vader.” “After the Emperor’s knight?” Kylo nodded as Hux hummed with consideration, giving Vader’s nose a few more rubs before moving away to pull out a pretty grey filly from the stables. “And hers?” Kylo asked. The prince smirked at him from under the hood. “Buttercup.” Kylo gaped. “You’re not serious.” The prince shrugged, tying his own pack to the filly’s saddle. “Go on, tell everyone I have a filly named Buttercup, see who believes you.” There was little Kylo could say to really hit back at that, so he settled for waiting until Hux had finished adjusting the saddle before holding out an arm. Hux glanced at it questioningly. “To help you into your saddle.” Kylo clarified, taking in Hux’s skinny frame. From what little he’d seen if the prince beforehand, he looked every inch the academic, unused to horses. Sure, he’d tied the saddle fine, but Kylo could guess Hux was no seasoned horseman. “Thank you, but that’s irrelevant.” Hux replied cooly. Before Kylo could open his kotuh to speak Hux gripped the reins of the filly and jumped up, swinging his leg in a graceful and expert move to settle comfortable in the saddle, his pale eyes never once leaving Kylo’s, like a challenge. Kylo gaped and felt a prickle of embarrassment in his skin. Hux continued to stare down at him with disdain. “Well? Saddle up. You’re meant to be my escort aren’t you?” For a second Kylo could only glare, reminding himself that stabbing Snoke’s prized pupil in the leg might reflect badly on his chances on becoming part of the Bishop’s Guard. It would probably reflect badly on Kylo in general but it was mightily tempting. The prince’s eyes were cold, a stark contrast to the fire of his hair. “What are you staring at?” Hux demanded sharply. Kylo raised an eyebrow innocently. “Nothing Your Highness. ” Hux’s mouth pursed in a haughty expression as he set his filly off at a trot without waiting for Kylo to catch up. Swinging up into Vader’s saddle Kylo set off after him, his short sword bouncing heavily on his hip. They passed the gates and Kylo could see smoke curling up through the chimneys of various cottages, small dark plumes inking their way through the air. After a few minutes they’d gone past the outskirts of the outer village and onto the hills that led to the south. They rode in silence until the sun reached its zenith in the sky, Hux riding in front and leading the way through the trees. Kylo divided his attention between keeping an eye on their surroundings for dangers and keeping an eye on Hux, watching his back in case he decided to fall off his horse and break his fucking neck or something. The prince had pushed his hood off his head and his hair fell to his shoulders in a red curtain. Set off with the white of his cloak, the image would be almost beguiling if Kylo were of a softer mind-set. However, he only had to remember that Hux was a colossal ass and came back to his senses. “Stop.” He said at last when they came to a rocky clearing. Hux turned to look at him over his shoulder. “What?” “Let me set a fire and we can rest hear for a bit.” Hux frowned. “Why?” “Because His Holiness told me in no uncertain terms to make sure you’re alright. So, I have some meat and cheese in my pack. We can eat.” A frustrated sigh was the reply. “Look Ren, I’d really rather get this over with as soon as possible-” “Is my company really that bad?” “We don’t have time -” Kylo scoffed. “No offense Your Highness but I think your damn message can wait an hour or so.” And with that he pulled a small bread roll from his pack and tossed it to Hux, dismounting as the prince’s hands fumbled to catch it. “It’s not poisoned.” He added indignantly as Hux brought the roll up to his nose and gave it a cautious sniff. Hux threw him a nasty look before pulling off a bit of it with his fingers before popping it in his mouth, chewing thoughtfully. “Thanks.” “Don’t thank me; it’ll look bad of me if I managed to let you starve to death before we even got there.” “Oh and heaven forbid we tarnish your reputation.” Kylo gave him a quick half smile before holding out an apple to Vader and Hux’s filly, both creatures snaffling at them greedily. The prince had swung his leg back over the saddle so it was sitting side on, studying Kylo critically. “What?” Kylo asked. “I’m just wondering why Snoke gave you the task of being my escort. Phasma seemed to be capable.” “I’m just as good as Phasma.” Kylo gritted out, hating himself for rising to Hux’s obvious bait. Sure enough, one red eyebrow raised in an elegant arch. “Oh? I saw her knock you on your arse not two weeks ago.” Kylo spluttered, remembering the sparring match he’d had with Phasma with unnerving clarity. More embarrassment flooded through him, not only that he’d been beaten by Phasma due to a well-timed kick, but that Hux had seen it. “Spying on the recruits were we?” Now it was Hux’s turn to frown with irritation. “I like to know who I’m entrusting my wellbeing with.” Kylo marched up to him. “Then if you’d seen other days you would know I’m a better fighter. I’m physically stronger.” Hux laughed, it wasn’t a nice sound. “Oh, I’m sure.” It was the laugh that tipped Kylo over the edge. “Yes!” He practically shouted, his arms reaching up of their own accord to grip Hux’s torso tightly. Ignoring the prince’s shout of alarm Kylo lifted him easily and pulled him off the saddle, spinning around and planting Hux’s feet on the ground with a little jolt. “I am.” Hux, for his part, seemed at a total loss of what to do, staring up at Kylo with wide eyes. Anger made Kylo’s breath come out in sharp pants as he kept his hold on Hux’s slim frame for maybe a fraction too long. Dropping his hands Kylo turned his back on him and tended to the horses. “Go sit over there,” he instructed, waving his hands towards a large pile of stones that may have once been part of an ancient wall. “I’ll make us some food.” When there was no response Kylo turned back around to see Hux hadn’t moved, but was still staring at Kylo with an expression of surprise. Kylo sighed, remembering who he was speaking too. “If you’d be so kind Your Highness .” After a few more seconds of silence, Kylo heard soft footsteps and the rustle of Hux’s cloak as, miraculously, Hux actually did as he was asked. Kylo sighed again as he pulled out a lump of hard cheese from his bag. It was going to be a long four days. Notes: Careful Ren. Manhandling royalty? That way lies madness. Fun fact, this was originally going to be a 'The Last Unicorn'; AU instead of 'Ladyhawke'. But, seeing as The Last Unicorn is (for lack of a better term) UTTERLY depressing, I couldn't bring myself to. Come say hi to me on tumblr guys, I always like to hear from you :D <3 Notes: Fun fact, 'Etienne' really does mean 'Crown' in French, rather fitting for a prince don't you think? Happy accident! Come say hi to me! :D My tumblr URL is burgersandtrenchcoats :) x Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Hawks and Wolves Trilogy series