Love's First Spell Hux had a deadline. He's supposed to finish this stupid book in two months. But for some reason, an unneeded reason, he couldn't put anything down without it feeling like an atrocity. He’s tapped his finger on the table, hoping that the rhythmic noise and movement would spark something in his mind. It did nothing but ease his frustrations slightly. He needed coffee, a distraction, a break. Something to shatter his block. He'll mull the words over, think it out properly with a walk outside. He just moved into this apartment, maybe the setting is still uncomfortable for him. He has some time to explore. Get settled in. In any way, he wanted to check out the coffee shop a block over. A good benefit of living in a city are how close places can be. There's a market a mile away and right under him, in the same building sat a Thai food place that even delivered. Hux liked that. He wasn't fond of Thai food, though, as it was too spicy for him in general but the convenience outweighed his preference at this point. He didn't even need a car to get anywhere. Buses and subways are available when needed and everything else he’s able to walk there. Hux now lived in a city and as an author, he didn't need to go anywhere much unless it was for recreational use. Which he'll rarely go to unless he is in need to get out. It wasn't late, the sun still floods a golden glow on buildings and people are walking back and forth with a friendly atmosphere. The weather was still quite warm and Hux liked the soft city noise as he leisurely sauntered past. It wasn't the best neighborhood, not the cleanest or safest but he didn’t complain. Couldn’t complain. It helped lower the prices of the apartments. Especially this apartment where he got it cheaper since the previous owners were an abusive couple that had murdered a dog and left a couple of holes in the wall that Hux could, fortunately, cover. The dog killing part was quite unnerving but as long as Hux doesn't know where it was killed and how then he's fine with it. There wasn't a trace, he could ignore it. He liked it and he liked big places. It gave him many opportunities as a writer which he didn't really need because of how well his first novel was received, but there was just a lot of things to do. In contrast to living with his grandparents back in the countryside where the nights he'd hear crickets and maybe a dog barking in the distant the city was always loud. Not an uncomfortable one, though. On his third day here, it became white noise and he had been able to relax more agreeably in his bed. Hux arrived at the coffee shop in ten minutes. He stood outside for a minute to read the chalkboard sign out in front and a few of tables and chairs sitting out. The tables were bolted down and the chairs look cheap enough to not cost that much if stolen. Who would steal chairs and tables? Who knows, it's the city and people are crazy. The sign read "Today's coffee is filled with luck! Come in to look at today's most to least luckiest astrology signs and if you're the least lucky come get a free donut, on us." and was accompanied by little doodles. Cute. There was a soft bell that rang when he entered. In the second he entered he's hit with a strong waft of incense and then nothing. His mind blanks for a second, the only white noise was the small chatter of customers. A voice, soft and kind snaps him out of his stupor and he looks up at the girl standing behind a counter. "Welcome to the Rebellion's Brew." She greeted. Hux, still hazy, slowly walked over to the counter. Slowly his mind caught up to present and he began to inspect the shop. The place wasn't lit at all other than sunlight and soft glows of candle sconces here and there to help out. There were even some candles on the tables that customers sat on with one or two plants in a small vase or pot. All different colors, all of them most of the reason why the place had such a strong smell. The herbs included. And for a couple of reasons he didn’t know, Hux wasn't complaining. It wasn't unpleasant, if anything he felt more relaxed. The walls were brimming with different writings, different symbols colored the walls and the more Hux looked at them the more they seem to blur and shift. His eyes would rather notice the chalkboards set in perfect distances across the two walls. Chalk drawings of beverages and words scribbled on them, one even had a pumpkin on it. All perfect. He turned his head to look at the menu above the counter. Again, a chalkboard with scribbles on them. The prices drawn next to each beverage, each with different names and he noticed the one board that said "infusions." Under the large lettering were words like good luck, creativity, positive feelings, calming, true love, etc. Then on lettering under the bottom a small disclaimer: One infusion per cup anymore will cost an extra dollar. His brows crease together. Infusions? What are those? He thought to himself. Are they just fun stuff to help with the quirky cult theme? Next to that one in different color chalk Hux read the special drinks menu. “Cookies and dreams,” Hux murmurs. “For sleep.” "Decided on something?" A voice, dark and full of amusement, surprised Hux. Hux looked down to the cashier. A smirk graced his lips and eyes, those that shimmer with delight and pleasure in those speckles of brown, met Hux's. Hux replied, "Not yet." "Take your time, then." His voice smooth and Hux had no complaint with it. None at all. He couldn't bring himself to find any spite to be irritated at him. Not when Hux could smell lavender. Hux wanted to observe the worker more like how tight his shirt is on his body. He thanked and cursed the apron that covered the man's chest. Eyes on the menu, eyes on the menu, Hux thought to himself. He scanned the scribbles. Each drink he wanted to try but he needed to go back home, go finish the chapter he had to have done. He has a deadline, damn it. "A cappuccino, large." "What kind of infusion would you like." Hux paused, "Creativity?" "Anything else?" He pointed over to the display case that held an assortment of pastries and sweets. All with small signs next to them and scribbles that Hux would be able to read if he came closer to inspect them. "I...No, that's it," Hux decided on just the coffee alone. Nothing else. "Alright," He looked back and called over to a worker Hux didn't notice was there. "You heard it, Rey." "I got it, I got it." She mumbled. Hux quickly paid for his drink and watched Rey move quickly around to make his drink. She knew what she was doing but Hux was a little curious about the words she mumbled as the coffee machine gave a slow, steady, steaming stream of espresso. With further inspection Hux noticed the bundle of herbs hung upside down in a dry area. There were tons of different spices and Rey walked over to a couple and sprinkled a couple into his drink. He didn’t think twice about it, for a reason he couldn’t recall later. His attention then came to the sudden rack he slightly bumped with his elbow. Glass bottles clicked together after being rattled from the impact and he wondered if they were there earlier. He didn’t seem to notice. With further inspection of the bottles he noticed they held dried herbs and small rocks. They had labels on them, each describing what was in the bottles and what type of enchantment they brought. “They seem to be attracted to you.” The cashier spoke. Hux’s body jolted in surprise. “You emit off a lot of negative energy.” Hux glanced at the person. He smiled at Hux, that sly smirk on his lips and he leaned over the counter with his arms crossed and tucked under him so comfortably. Hux’s fist itched for contact. “Negative energy?” He nodded. Hux stared back at him but that smile never went away. If anything, it grew bigger. His right arm left from under him and scooped up one of the bottles and took it off the hook smoothly. He holds it and hands it to Hux. There were tattoos of different symbols sprinkled on his arm. A couple larger than the others. “Have one.” Hux doesn’t take it. “Why?” “It’ll help,” He insisted. “With what? It’s just a silly trinket.” His lip twitched. Hux noticed the freckles dotted on his face. “They’re not just trinkets?” For a minute he’s slightly confused. Eyebrows scrunched together and head tilted to the side to give Hux that look. Almost like he was a little disoriented from the fact that Hux didn’t know something he should know. If anything, it made Hux more confused with the whole place. “This is a weird coffee shop,” Hux mumbled. The girl, Rey, popped out behind the cashier and slide the cup over to Hux. She was very small compared to the other. “There you go, sir.” Her eyes meet his then flicks over to her coworker before giving him a nudge on the side. Hux notices her hair is in three buns. Unlike the male next to her who held his long hair in a small bun, it was three. Odd. The whole place was odd. The people here were peculiar too. Hux took his cup and eyed the two people before taking a sip. The beverage was hot, the perfect temperature Hux liked where it scald his tongue lightly and felt warm in his throat. There was whip cream with some spices on it that Hux couldn’t properly name. Even though Hux wasn’t cold for him to feel the warmth of the liquid spread through him, he still did. It was relaxing, quite soothing. He didn’t admit it, though. He gave a look to the two who stood in attention, both their faces filled with something Hux just couldn’t put his finger on. He tipped. And then the cashier, Hux took a small peek at the name tag, Kylo, had his hand out. They were large. “Take the charm.” “No.” “Come on.” “No.” “If you take it the next cup of coffee is on me.” Hux paused. “Fine.” Hux grabbed the necklace and stuffed it in his pocket. Kylo gave a triumphant smile that gave Hux some heat to his cheeks. He quickly left the shop. Exiting the building and breathing in the outside air hit Hux with a breeze that wasn’t heavy with incense. Instead, he got pollution but also open space that gave Hux an exhilarating rush of energy. Though, the sudden fresh air was nice, Hux did feel a sense of loss. Not that slight stress of a deadline was climbing back into the front of Hux’s mind but like energy started to drain from him. It didn’t matter. He felt lighter on his toes as he walked back home, anyway. Despite the fact that the coffee tasted a little different to him, he finished two chapters that night. Chapter 2 : Sparking Magic Summary: Simple Love Attraction Spell Carve a heart shape onto the candle. Light the candle, feel it’s warmth but be careful not to burn yourself. Whisper or think: As I watch the flame dance I draw to me hopes of romance. As it warms my face, I’ll warm others hearts, Who graze the feathers of cupid’s dart. Blow out the candle. Notes: I FINALLY UPDATED. And I have a lot of free time in the next couple of months so expect some more chapters. (ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:・ﾟ✧ Other than that I hope you guys are doing well and valentines is coming up soon so take advantage of those chocolates that go on sale the day after!! Cheap chocolate is good chocolate. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Fall has descended slowly on the city in the week. The sky stayed blue but now thin white clouds passed by. Colors of trees slowly changed, the top of them having a small golden glaze to them and their leaves scattered across the ground. The air turns slightly crisp and students begin to try and salvage all that’s left of their break. His apartment made him antsy but the thought of going out only ended as a daydreaming distraction. A whole week had passed since he went to visit the coffee shop and he hasn’t much thought towards it. Even if he did think about it, he hadn’t left his place for more than an hour. The only sunlight he got had been through the windows he left open. You’re going to murder yourself, he thought. With the mention of the coffee shop, he remembers the charm still sitting in his pocket. Neglected and alone. He keeps reminding himself to get to it but his jacket lays on the chair, untouched and forgotten.There is a free coffee on it. He needs to go out, anyway. He gets up to go grab the charm, it’s content shake lightly. He doesn’t take any notice to the slight tinkle it makes when he dangles it in front of him. The crushed rocks inside are pink and there are a couple of dried plants in it. There’s a label next to it and he has to look closely to read. “Rose quartz: emits a gentle and calming energy, brings harmony, promotes feelings of love and happiness, releases the imagination.” His face contorts and a slight snort leaves him. “Vervain: brings protection, purification, money, youth, peace, healing, and sleep. Put under a pillow to prevent nightmares and carry around with you to prevent depression and/or bring creativity. An all purpose protection when carried with you.” Fixating on the label, his mind went completely blank in the moment he processed the information. Protection? Prevent nightmares? Releases imagination? What was this? How did all of that information fit on the tiny piece of paper? It’s ridiculous, for objects to bring him peace and healing. Absolutely risible, he decides. He drops it next to his computer. The bottle emits a small noise on impact and for a moment Hux became aware of the tinkling noise. Time seemed to stop and he evaluates the object for just a moment but it’s quickly forgotten when he shrugs it off. His thoughts wandering to other subjects. Maybe he could go to the coffee shop. It’d help. Just a cup of coffee, take it home with him, and he’s set. He’ll be out of the apartment for a small amount of time. He needs to go out, get a deep breath of the fall air. He’s got a free coffee on the stupid charm, anyway. He rips the tag off and into the trash, it goes. He won’t wear it but he shoves it into the back of his pocket and without another question to his choices he walks out the door. Hux would be lying if he said he didn’t regret his decision halfway walking to the coffee shop. He’s wasting time. He wanted to get out, though. He needs to get out. It’s unhealthy for him to stay inside all day. He spots the hanging plants first, then the sunshade, and the tables. One of the tables is occupied by a couple who laugh loudly with each other. Even though the road is busy and Hux swears there’s honking. It sounds so far away, though, like he’s stepped into a bubble that the coffee shop gives and it has muffled outside interference. He checks the sign outside before going in. “Today’s coffee is love! Come see if your horoscope is going to find love today!” “Love.” Hux scoffed. He found it funnier than the idea of something like astrology signs working. As he entered the shop a soft bell and rush of intense incense in his mind. Unlike like last time he was prepared and eyes start scanning the area. He notices the couch and a game of chess being intensely enjoyed by four people. Another weirdly dressed couple sat by the large window and he realizes the dried herbs just hanging on a string right next to the window. “Welcome!” A voice alarms him. He whips his head around and his sigh lands on the short girl, Rey. She’s smiling wide to greet him then continues to wipe down the tables. She looks like the only one working. “Are you ready to order?” She asks. Hux shakes his head, he wants to survey the place a little before ordering. The wallpaper is still just as ridiculous as last time. Each inch of it covered with different markings and drawings he didn’t want to decipher. None of them seems to have disappeared at all. From the dried herbs to the weird wallpaper his eyes land on the counter. The lower bottom, he’s noticed, is covered in a long chalkboard and filled with writing. He goes to inspect. There are drawings. All cartoonish and cute. Twelve of them equally spaced across and a number above them. The left starts with one and very right ending with twelve. It took him a minute to realize they were the star signs. They each have a small paragraph to read about them underneath. He looks for Aquarius, it’s second on the list. “Aquarius, you might be behind Aries but you have a high chance of meeting the love of your life!” Hux couldn’t have scoffed anymore. Love of his life. Okay. “You’re most likely going to find them somewhere a little new. Not too new, you’ve been there before, just not often. They might be a surprising factor in your day and keep your eyes open!” The last on the list was Pisces. “You have the least chance of finding love today! But do not fret! That doesn’t mean you still can’t, it’ll just be harder. Avoid going to the same places today. You’ll have better chances when you’re exploring. But, there is tomorrow, too!” Hux pried his eyes away and wanders up to the menu. The place really loves chalkboards. He wonders how much money is spent on chalk daily to draw all of these things. Rey quickly finishes up cleaning and disappears behind the kitchen before emerging again with a smirk on her lips. She has a jump to her step and Hux realizes how short she really is. “Do you need help deciding?” “I...yes. What would you recommend for something sweet?” Hux mentally cursed himself. He wasn't supposed to get a dessert but he couldn’t back out now. They look delicious, anyway. The whole display filled with carefully piped frosting sprinkled lightly with sparkles. Their names and features are hand written next to them and Hux squints a little to try and read a couple. “My favorite are the muffins. Lavender blueberry is the one I usually get.” “I’ll try it then. Thank you.” “Here or...?” She calls out to him while going to grab for the muffin. She waits for his answer before sliding the back open to reach in for the muffin. “To go.” Rey makes sure her hand doesn’t come in contact with the muffin. She takes tongs out to grab it and drops it in a bag carefully while not disturbing any of the other pastries. She’s humming, he realizes. It takes two seconds for him to also notice it’s in tune with the music playing in the coffee shop. It’s so subtle, soft and lulling that he skipped over it completely. “Is that it?” Her voice snaps him out of his epiphany. Coffee. He can’t forget about the coffee. “Yes, the 20 ounce Americana. The add-in can be concentration.” He needs some, anyway. “Alright!” She is cheerful and completely patient with him. It’s a little refreshing with his slight bossy attitude. “You’re the one with the free coffee on Kylo, right?” “Yes. Is he not working right now?” “Oh, no. He’s in the back and a little occupied with something.” She says over her shoulder. Hux watches her work as she grabs a jar labeled with something he couldn’t exactly read. She puts two tablespoons of it in the cup and mixes it with a clean spoon. Her lips move to say something that he couldn’t catch. She finishes and begins to start a conversation with him. “How’s the necklace, by the way?” “Necklace?” “Yes, the one Kylo offered to you. He was on about how it seemed to really want to stick to you.” Stick to him? “I haven’t touched it much, actually.” He pauses for a minute. “I forgot about it in my jacket until earlier, if I’m being honest.” For a moment he’s tempted to ask for her to clarify on what she meant by ‘stick to him’ but the thought disappears when a loud crash came from the back. He jolts and Rey almost drops the cup of coffee. Like she appeared out of nowhere, a woman appears behind the counter. She halts to look at Rey, then at Hux, gives him a smile, then back at Rey. Her hair’s in an elaborate bun and it’s greying out more now. “What was that?” The woman questions. Rey shrugs. “It was from the back.” “Alright,” And like that she’s gone again. This time, though, Hux catches her going through the kitchen door. “Who was that?” Rey secured the lid to the cup. “That’s Leia, my aunt and the owner of the shop.” “Oh.” “Here’s your cup of coffee and muffin. The muffin’s also on the house.” "Thank you." He mumbles. He feels a little bad for constantly getting free stuff. The cup is slid over to him and he goes to take a sip. Once again, there is a little something to his drink that gives it a slight shift in flavor that he can’t quite get. It still tastes nice, though. "It must be nice to work with a relative that owns the business." "It is. Kylo's my cousin and Leia’s son, actually," Rey points over the man who, with perfect timing, walks through the doorway. "And here he comes." Hux watches the events that followed. A large man, Kylo, starts throwing his hands in the air and towering over a woman who is so much smaller than him. He seems to have lost a fight with his Mother and relents. They both don’t say anything else to each other but the looks they give spoke for them. Hux doesn’t pay attention to any of the fight that went on. His eyes land on the markings on Kylo’s arm. They’re different. Hux’s eyes narrow onto them but his thought process is quickly snatched away by said person calling after him. He looks up to find Kylo smirking. The look of annoyance gone from his face and replaced by a smirk. Hux’s thumb rubs the coffee cup a little. There’s something on the back of his mind that wants to get his attention. “How did you like the charm?” Kylo’s eyes seem to be searching for something on Hux. They were brown, he noted. “It’s nice. Thank you.” His smirk widens even further and a hint of extra smugness settles on him. Hux wonders why the charm is so important to everyone. Kylo leans over the counter, his body completely taking a majority of the area. His face, though much to Hux’s dismay, is close to his. He can really see those brown eyes now. If Hux wanted to he would describe them but it almost seems redundant to him. Hux swallows and watches Kylo’s eyes lower down to his throat and back up to meet his eyes again. Hux hates the slow rise of heat on his face when realizing that implication. Hux catches Kylo’s fingers moving and zones in on the object he’s rubbing. It’s not a vial but a talisman. Hux points at it. “What is that for?” Kylo’s eyes rip from his face and look down at his hand. Hux is a little glad his attention isn’t on Hux’s face anymore. “It’s a talisman, for confidence,” Kylo mumbled. “Confidence? For what?” “Well, uh, flirting.” Hux watches the blush flush his face and his demeanor, whatever suave look he had left, is gone and replaced with eyes that look down to the ground and a cough that tries to cover his embarrassment. Hux likes it. “With me?” Hux asks. He watches Kylo rub the talisman a little harder. Hux reaches into his pocket to give a tip, his fingers grazing the charm given to him, and puts it in the jar. “Give a tip and gain three good deeds.” Hux gives a small huff and smiles at Kylo. There’s something off that Hux should take note of but he doesn’t. It completely slips his mind when a different thought comes. “This time,” He says to Kylo. “You don’t have to give me anything free for me to come back.” He waves at Rey goodbye and leaving the coffee shop again. Like last time, he steps out of the place to be hit with the fresh air of the outside. It’s a lot crisper now as fall comes through but it’s still relieving to breathe in. He can’t shake that feeling of having lost a lot of energy. His coffee is still hot, a perfect temperature, and it stays a perfect temperature all the way on his walk home. Notes: Find me at Space-Girlfriends Notes: Find me here @ space-girlfriends