" I can't see anything! " General Hux shrieked. The wind, blowing her hair out of her tightly braided bun. This is probably the worst day of her life. She got reprimanded by her boss, all of her hard work and goals were going to blow up in about three minutes, and her girlfriend is missing or... Hux gritted her teeth at that thought. She walked farther in the snow, her troops stayed closely behind her. She could feel tears prickling her eyes and she urged herself to focus. Ren, where are you?! She thought loudly. Hux prayed to the gods, the force, or even Darth fucking Vader that her girlfriend was alive and well. "Ma'am, I heard a noise. " A stormtrooper said pointing to the far off distance. Hux whipped her head around sharply to see a pile of a human on the floor. Hux ran to it, or as best as she could in the snow. Is she alive? Will she be able to walk? Does she care that I care? Does she know how much I love her? Hux couldn't make the thougts in her head stop even if she tried. She approached Kylo's body and sunk to her knees. Kylo's fave was practically blue. There was frost on her eyelashes, and her eyes were shut tight. Her mouth was chapped, and she wasn't even shuddering. Hux couldn't tell if Kylo was breathing! She grabbed onto Kylo's shoulders and held them tightly. "Kk-kylo?" Kylo coughed and smiled. "Damn Hux, back at it again with the dramatic inner dialogue." Hux lightly punched Kylo's shoulders before Kylo winced. "Sorry." "It's okay." "Kylo, you umm." Hux just now noticed the gash on Kylo's face. "Look like shit. Ya... I know. That scavenger beat the shit out of me." "I was actually going to say I like it. I just hope it heals properly." Kylo rolled her eyes. "Ya my sister did a number on my face, and uncle chewie? Fucking blasted me in the side!" "Wait... did you just say sister?" Kylo nodded as best as someone who got the shit beat out of them by their own family members. "Half sister." "..." "Yes she's Han's, Kylo said answering the question from Hux's mind. "Wow really?" "My dad is... was a bit of a slut Hux.. where do you think I get it from?!" Kylo smirked. Hux rolled her eyes. Behind them a stormtrooper cleared their throat. "What is it?" Hux asked not taking her eyes off of Kylo. "Permission to speak freely ma'am?" "Permission granted." Hux said as she passionately kissed Kylo. "We really don't have time to discuss the shitty Skywalker family dynamic! The planet is going to collapse in 50 seconds!" Hux barely heard the stormtrooper as she slid her tongue out of Kylo's mouth. "Dude's right Hux, we gotta get off this planet." "Of course." Hux watched as the stormtroopers grabbed Kylo's body and placed it on the stretcher. Once inside the shuttle and flying away from what was left of Starkiller, Hux thought to herself that maybe today wasn't that bad after all. Notes: Lmfao, this is so cracky! But idk... I kinda like it?! Feel free to strike up a convo with me on tumblr! oforlikelalune.tumblr.com