The Finalizer was a flurry of activity. Shift changes were always like this. Stormtroopers, officers and crewmen alike crowded the corridors, stairwells and turbolifts. General Hux would describe the scenes across each deck as being "neatly orchestrated," but to an outsider it would all seem like a chaotic mess. Kylo Ren waited impatiently for the turbolift doors to open. He was on one of the maintenance levels which he rarely inspected. The First Knight had received more than his fair share of odd looks from the mechanics and engineers on this level. Frankly, they were fortunate that Kylo had somewhere he needed to be. Under different circumstances he would be inclined to introduce the gawkers to the business end of his lightsaber. The turbolift doors opened to reveal a dozen stormtroopers inside. They looked quite alarmed to be face to face with their volatile commander. "Going up," Kylo stated more than anything. Per usual, his strained voice sounded much harsher as it left his vocoder. Panic set in and the stormtroopers hastily exited the lift. This wasn't even their level and they must have felt foolish for getting out on the deck. In the interest of self-preservation, they would wait for the next turbolift to come along. It was much safer than being trapped in close confines with Kylo Ren. The intimidating Darksider didn't acknowledge the odd behavior of his stormtroopers. He chose simply to ignore it as he boarded the turbolift alone. Kylo smirked wickedly underneath his mask as the doors closed. He didn't bother reaching for a button, choosing instead to use the Force to select a level. To be fair, the destination didn't matter. There was a very specific reason behind Kylo Ren's presence on this side of the destroyer. He intentionally traversed the inner bowels of the Finalizer with a target in mind. Something was pulling him to this spot— or rather someone . The First Knight kept his hands by his sides and stood casually in the center of the turbolift. With a sudden jerk, the lift came to a grinding halt. Emergency flood lights kicked on, but they were dim and could almost be considered mood lighting. Even better , he thought. The hatch from above opened but Kylo Ren didn't bother looking up. This was what he was hoping for. Rey came crashing down a split second later and ignited her lightsaber. She propped her elbow up high into his chest and pushed her nemesis against the side of the lift. Rey's burning blue lightsaber rested just inches from his mask; right underneath his throat. The intense light from the blade was nearly blinding. Kylo did his best to look past the burning weapon. It was worth the spots he'd be seeing for several minutes after. The flickering flame made Rey's fierce hazel eyes sparkle with something different; something new. He could stare into her eyes all day—if she'd let him. "Out for a stroll, First Knight ?" Rey barked at her adversary. "Give me one good reason why I shouldn't kill you right now?" "Because," Kylo said with a cold, calculated pause. "Because I couldn't fuck you anymore if you did." "Shit," Rey snapped, feeling her furrowed brow beginning to waver. The Jedi Knight knew deep down that she couldn't go through with it—she couldn't kill this man. She couldn't the last time they met up or the time before that. What was this power he held over her? "Tell me," Kylo teased. "And I'll fuck you right here." "That was the point," Rey hissed bitterly. She deactivated her lightsaber and deliberately released Kylo Ren. Rey was cautious and slow as she backed away. The Knights sized each other up until Rey finally gave him a curt nod. Kylo Ren pounced. His gloved hands were immediately around her shapely ass, digging in possessively. Her lover's fingertips and palms were always so needy and confident when they explored her flesh. Rey mewled incoherently to his fervent touch. This was part of their dance; part of their ritual. The Knights couldn't trust each other, not fully. Their secret meetings satisfied a carnal connection that appeared to grow with every encounter. But even with a Force Bond as strong as theirs, trust was something that needed to be earned. Rey reached up on her tippy toes to find the releases to his mask. The first few times had been tricky, but now she could remove it without difficulty. With a 'click' and 'release,' the mask was off and held tightly in her fingertips. She detested the lifeless mask and took pleasure in removing it every time. It would have been easier for Kylo Ren to do it, but he wouldn't interfere in his lover's tradition. "We don't have much time," Rey warned while letting the mask drop to the floor. The Jedi quickly stepped up and used it to gain some height. She leaned in and gave Kylo a wanton kiss on the lips. Force, it had been far too long since they did this. The Knights fell into an embrace and seemingly picked up right where the last one ended. The turbolift was not the most ideal place to reunite but at least they were alone. Granted, it was certainly better than kissing on a crippled star destroyer that was headed straight for a supernova. Kylo Ren pulled her in close and deepened the kiss. Rey always tasted so... surprisingly sweet. Kylo knew that the Jedi Knight never went for anything frilly, but he always suspected her of applying lip balm before their encounters. Was this her subtle way of leaving a lasting impression? The thought made him instantly hard. Kylo wished more than anything that he could devour her lips on a daily basis. Maker, there had to be a way, he thought while sucking on her bottom lip. In fact, there was a way for them to be together. The Jedi relented first, pulling back for air. As she did so, Rey caught his bottom lip between her teeth. She pulled back hard, stretching her lover until he grunted. On cue, Kylo groaned in encouragement and Rey released his lip. "We have ages," Kylo lied. Both Knights stared intently at each other with glossy eyes and parted lips. Kylo gently cradled the base of Rey's head with his left hand. His fingers coiled into her ponytail, searching for the bands holding it in place. With the other hand he caressed her jawline; his fingers spread wide as he ran his thumb across the contours of her jaw. Rey panted heavily and licked her lips in anticipation. She turned her head and captured his thumb into her mouth. Kylo stopped moving as Rey pulled his thumb in deeper. She suggestively bobbed her head in and out, coating the leather glove. The tall, powerful Force User was nearly brought to his knees right there. Rey taunted him with her sparkling eyes, looking quite proud of herself. The Jedi Knight continued to mouth-fuck his thumb, increasing the speed of her movements. Kylo shuttered and fought the overwhelming urge to surrender to Rey's mouth. The First Knight wanted all the power. He was desperate to dominate Rey, just as he'd done in their last encounter. That meant dueling for control. With a growl Kylo pulled down on her ponytail. Rey gasped into the elevator and had no choice but to let his thumb go. Before she could protest, Kylo blazed a trail of open mouthed kisses across her exposed flesh. He started behind her ear and eagerly worked down her tight jaw. He nipped with his teeth every so often, wanting to leave his mark on the Jedi Knight. "N—No," Rey pleaded. Kylo Ren always wore a mask to cover his face and only Rey had ever seen him remove it now that there was a jagged scar running across it. But Rey didn't have that luxury. There was nothing to hide all of the intimate bites and bruises when she returned to the Resistance. She wasn't even suppose to be here as it was. There would definitely be hard questions that she'd have to address the next morning. "What will you say," he growled between kisses, "when they ask you about these marks?" "Bastard," Rey choked. Despite her response, she curled her fingers into his hair and held on tightly. The sensation felt too good for either of them to worry about tomorrow. "You were suppose to... meet me halfway," Rey panted with closed eyes and a scrunched face. Her fingers tensed and tugged at Kylo's dark locks. Now it was his turn to whimper and squirm underneath her touch. "People... are starting to notice my absences. Finn and Luke…" "Don't speak their names in my presence," Kylo snapped. Rey knew better than to mention their names in front of her lover. Maybe she did so just to excite him—the passionate darksider could never tell. Kylo sucked down hard on her pulse point and made the Jedi Knight cry out loudly. It was a good thing that the turbolift was stuck between decks, although her cries likely carried to the levels above and below. "Fuck," Rey swore. She didn't care for Kylo's tone, nor did she appreciate the growing number of hickeys under her chin and neck. She scraped her nimble fingers across his scalp and embedded them into the base of his shoulderblades. The pain was something they both enjoyed and it wasn't really much of a punishment. Before the Jedi gave in to him completely, she needed to express her displeasure with their current arrangement. "I'm always chasing after you, Ben Solo , why is that?" she hissed in his ear. Kylo Ren released his hold on Rey's pulse and returned her fiery stare. His full lips parted and her handsome lover exhaled shakily. The look on his face was strikingly similar to the one he gave her on Starkiller —when Rey managed to push back and invade his deepest thoughts. "Was it something I said?" she asked coyly. The First Knight grabbed ahold of Rey's waist. He easily lifted her in the air, right off the mask she had been standing on. Kylo didn't say a word as he spun them around and pinned her back against the side of the turbolift. "Ahh," Rey cried out in surprise, bumping the back of her head. She started to laugh as Kylo pressed his body into hers. The laughter quickly subsided when she felt his cock tenting through his leather trousers. His size always caught her off guard. Kylo pressed his hardness into her inner thigh and Rey's mind went completely blank. "Oh, F-Force," she stammered. Kylo replied with a sinister, toothy grin as he fervently searched her features. The smile quickly faded and was replaced with a hardened look of determination. Rey's canted belts were off before she realized it. He bit into the side of her neck and lifted both of her arms up. Her vest was next; it traveled up and over her arms and head without much of a struggle. The Jedi hovered in the air, feeling the cold durasteel pressing into her now exposed neck and shoulder blades. "Kriff," she squealed, realizing that Kylo Ren was using the Force to hold her in place. Normally she'd admonish him for such a blatant misuse of power. Instead she let her head roll back and rest against the wall. Kylo kissed down her clavicle and breastbone, before bending his long legs and dropping down a bit. His large hands made quick work of her pants. Rey tried to wiggle her ass to help, but Kylo had her wrapped too securely with the Force. He wanted all of the control and he took it; along with her panties. "Finally," Kylo growled, crouching down until he was staring at the apex between her thighs. The Jedi blushed all over and tried unsuccessfully to cover up. She was never shy about her body but there was something about the hungry look in his eyes. Kylo sent his gaze across her nearly naked form, making sure to study every peak, curve and plane. He had the look of a man that had been dying of thirst in the deserts of Jakku. A desperate man that looked upon a mirage as his only form of salvation. Only Rey wasn't a mirage. She was really here—really fucking here. She risked capture by sneaking onto the First Order's flagship. Rey whimpered and balled her fists in frustration. She was ready and wet for him. Why the hell was he taking his time? "Don't do this to me," she pleaded. The Jedi ran her palm over her glistening forehead and pushed upward. "It's been so long." "It has," Kylo agreed, swallowing hard. He placed both hands under her knees and lifted upward. Rey's eyes widened as she saw her lover's nose and dark locks disappear under her midsection. "Kylo," she cried out, feeling his full lips pressing into her folds. His tongue curled outward and flattened against her entrance. The First Knight closed his eyes and allowed the Bond to dominate his senses. Kylo wanted to experience everything that Rey was feeling. He had a burning desire to satisfy her needs, over and over again. Kylo Ren licked gently at first, running his tongue from back to front and parting her folds. Rey tensed and cooed when he teased her clit at the end of each lick. A jolt of pleasure pooled deep within her belly and Kylo kept his tongue right there, massaging her sensitive bundle. His chin, lips and nose were instantly slick from just a few seconds. Rey instinctively buried her talons into his locks and shut her eyes; this was the only recourse she had—the only thing she could grab onto for support. Kylo continued to lap at her clit, making the whole damn turbolift spin. The shared sensation was leaving him in a fog as well. He had never experienced pleasure like this before. Had Rey experienced this the first two times with him? She couldn't have… and the thought enraged the proud Knight. "Every time," he swore after another pass with his tongue. "I will make you feel this good every time." It was a promise that he intended to keep. "Kylo," Rey gasped, lifting a closed fist to her mouth and biting down. In the blissful fog, she gained control over her legs again. The Jedi wrapped them around his neck and head, pulling him closer. He continued his assault on her cunt, only this time his nose and chin were getting in on the action. After a few breathless moments, he finally pulled back enough to look at her face. "I need to be inside you," he purred. "I'll make good on my vow." The darksider pried his hungry chin and lips away from her glistening center. He stood at full height and pressed his powerful frame into hers. Rey parted her lips expectantly as Kylo slowly leaned in. He took his time, fueled with the need to consume her body and soul. His exploring tongue coaxed hers into his waiting lips. Kylo sucked hard and captured her tongue like he was capturing her heart—perhaps he already had. Rey moaned loudly into Kylo's insatiable mouth. She felt her heartbeat fall in rhythm with his. This had happened several times before and usually occurred when they were intimate or on the verge of intimacy. The Jedi was often up late at night—touching herself—when the feeling would wash over her chest. It made her fantasize about Starkiller Base and what might of happened had Rey agreed to be his student. But this right here, was infinitely better than any of those solo sessions. Kylo Ren pulled back and began trailing kisses down her neck again. He managed in between breaths to slip Rey's undershirt over her shoulders and down her arms. The sticky garment clung to her chest and midsection. He was tempted to rip it off her torso, but he didn't want a lightsaber duel to break out right now. "Fuck, you smell amazing," he hissed, reaching for her right breast. Kylo didn't wait for the undershirt to come off completely. He expertly pulled it down enough to cup her taut breast. She felt amazing in his greedy palm. "Oh," Rey moaned sweetly as his index finger and thumb captured her nipple. He pinched and pulled, sending a jolt down her spine and straight towards the bubbling sensation deep within her belly. The Jedi whimpered and sucked her bottom lip between her teeth. Kylo repeated the action as Rey wrapped her legs around his waist. She arched into his touch and ground her hips into his torso. Her soft pleas and cries drove him crazy. This time Kylo's teeth found her left nipple. He sucked it hard, straight through the flimsy fabric. "Maker," Rey called out, not caring if anyone heard them. Her voice echoed loudly in the lift and was barely dulled in the elevator shaft around them. The whole damn compartment started to steam up and smelled of heady sex—and he hadn't even entered her yet. Kylo quickly pulled the rest of her shirt down and exposed both breasts. He eagerly sucked Rey's erect nipple against his teeth. Every time she cried out, he changed the angle of assault. "Maker," she let slip again. "I'm the one doing this to you!" he growled. Kylo Ren hated reminding her and swore the Jedi did it just to get a rise out of him. That was not the case this time and Rey reached around his neck and held on dearly. Her free hand clapped over her mouth, in a desperate attempt to filter what may come out next. "Look how wet you are, Jedi whore ," Kylo taunted, licking his glistening lips. He smelled of Rey's sex and most of his face remained coated in her arousal. "Na-No," Rey screamed into her hand. She hated when he called her names but Force was it hot during sex. Kylo placed his left hand over her neck, gently pressing into her tender flesh. Rey was bruised from his kisses and the First Knight was mindful of the fact. His dominant hand traveled down her tight stomach and squeezed between their bodies. "You like this, don't you scavenger?" he teased while running his calloused pads over her sensitive bundle. "Ahh, Mmhmm," Rey cried out while bucking into his hand. She was desperate for contact and needed his fingers. The Jedi started to shake against Kylo Ren's body. He couldn't ignore the signals any longer, not that he was trying to be cruel. "Good," he grunted, removing his glistening fingers and bringing them into his warm mouth. He sucked hard and savored the taste he had grown to love. He released his meaty digits with a resounding 'pop'. Kylo's free hand went to his zipper this time, instead of to Rey's throbbing pussy. "No, too many layers," she protested. The Jedi Knight didn't need to have her eyes open to know that he would have fucked her standing—fully clothed. That wasn't happening. At the very least she wanted to feel his bare chest pressing into hers. Kylo hissed and quickly yanked at his stubborn outer tunic. Rey unfastened his thick protective belt, easily unfastening it while keeping her legs wrapped tightly around his powerful frame. "Zipper," Kylo growled but Rey was already one step ahead of him. His massive cock sprang forward, angling toward her cunt. Rey loosened the hold she had around the back of his neck and shoulders. The Jedi dipped downward until she found Kylo Ren's sensitive tip with her inner thigh. "R-Rey," he murmured into her ear. "Yes," she hissed in response. His hands grabbed onto her hips and moved Rey's waist until he lined up directly with her entrance. The Jedi suddenly rolled her hips and captured Kylo's tip again, this time running it across the length of her slit. Rey's wetness coated his head and sent a spark of arousal between them. The Knights cried out in unison, rocked by the shared sensation. Rey sighed deeply and let her hips gyrate once more. Kylo's head pierced her cunt this time and caught her clit on the way out and up. "Rey, fuck ," Kylo Ren groaned in frustration. The First Knight couldn't handle the teasing on his end; he was so kriffing sensitive there. Taking charge again, Kylo lowered his dominate hand and tucked it firmly under Rey's ass—where the curve met her thigh. The Jedi Knight inhaled sharply and nodded at her lover. Kylo dropped Rey onto his cock, howling uncontrollably as his nemesis impaled herself with his entire length. This was how the powerful warriors preferred it; rough and constantly battling for control. Rey gasped inaudibly and undulated her hips before finding the right position. "Look at me," Kylo demanded, watching her like a hawk. For a second his fiery gaze softened and he wanted to search if she was alright. The Jedi opened her heavy eyelids, sensing Kylo Ren's slight hesitation. She returned his caring gaze with peircing eyes of her own. "Fuck me, Ben Solo ," she challenged with a defiant lift of her chin. Kylo Ren grunted in anger. He slammed his open palm against the turbolift for support and started to slowly thrust into Rey. The Jedi began breathing heavily and mimicked her lover's movements. She tightened her hold around his neck and lifted herself up and down, timing perfectly to meet each cresting thrust. The Knights slammed against the side of the turbolift, increasing their frantic pace. Their Bond hummed and pulled their bodies deeper with every breath. All the while, Rey scratched Kylo's exposed arms and sunk her teeth into his muscular chest. "What's a few more scars?" she rasped. Rey felt some semblance of control again. The only problem was that Kylo Ren's cock was feeling fucking incredible. She needed to savor this moment; savor every moan that tumbled from his lips, because soon she'd be crying out into his chest. "Fuck you, Rey," Kylo sneered. He pushed her smaller frame much harder against the cold, durasteel interior. "Oh… Kylo," she cooed, feeling like the entire galaxy was spinning around her head. Rey dropped her lower jaw and noticed her glistening reflection in the durasteel. The vision was almost too much for her to handle. Kylo called out her name absentmindedly and angled his cock towards her clit—pressing firmly against her inner wall. "Shit," Rey sobbed repeatedly, biting down hard on her lip and drawing blood. "Right there," she continued. The Darksider didn't disappoint, keeping his cock trained on the spot and striking it over and over again. Her cries carried past the lift and echoed in the dark expanse. The cables in the elevator shaft started to wiggle. There were troubling signs that maintenance crews were addressing the issue that kept them trapped between levels. "Oh, no," Rey whimpered in desperation. "Oh, no. Hurry." "Hurry?" Kylo husked. "Were not stopping," he stated. Rey held on dearly, burying her forehead in the crook of his neck. She could feel her cheeks pressing into the nasty scar across his neck and shoulders—the harsh wound that branded him as hers. "You need this more than I do, scavenger," Kylo Ren growled. "You," she said shakily. The Jedi Knight closed her eyes and concentrated on her impending orgasm. Kylo continued to pound against her g-spot. Now that he found the perfect angle, he wasn't letting her off the hook. "You," she tried again. "You're in love with me." Kylo let out a frustrated growl with her accusation. He slapped both hands into her hips and shapely ass. Rey screamed in a mixture of shock and delight, feeling the sting of his palms against her rosy cheeks. The Jedi sank lower, sliding down the wall and arching into her lover. "I'll never let you go," he purred. " Never ." Kylo took full advantage of his leverage and pounded straight into the Jedi's hidden spot with renewed vigor. Rey's impending orgasm was sending them both racing towards the edge. "Ahh," Rey screamed hoarsely. The Jedi let her hand slip between their bodies and quickly found her clit. Her fingers rolled into the sensitive bundle and started circling. "No," Kylo hissed in her ear. Rey let out a feral moan in response and immediately released her clit. She reached up and buried her fingers in his hair, unsure as to why she was following his orders without question. "I'm doing this, scavenger. I'm making you cum," he boasted. "Oh, fuck," Rey whispered. She struggled to hang on to his glistening neck and back for support. "I'm close," she warned but it was barely audible over his own erratic grunts and moans. Kylo Ren's large hand forced its way between their slick stomachs. His large fingers pressed into her clit and took over. He pinched and pulled Rey's nub and made them both see stars. "Cum," he ordered sharply. "Not until you…" she protested. "Cum," Kylo Ren demanded passionately. He wasn't taking no for an answer. The Jedi Knight exploded and seized on his cock, going limp. Wave after intense wave rocked her entire body, weakening her physically fit form. Her legs turned tingly and went completely numb. Rey called out into the turbolift but she wasn't sure if it was a prayer to the Maker or to Kylo Ren. In that moment it didn't matter. Her orgasm was too much for them both, as it swept Kylo along for the ride. The First Knight had never known pleasure like this; he had never felt such a satisfying release before. The Dark Side didn't have anything that could touch this feeling and his legs turned to jelly; it felt so good. Kylo Ren held Rey in that position for a long time, until his spent cock finally slipped out of her entrance. Words weren't enough to do the feeling justice. Kylo found himself kissing Rey for as long as he could, drinking in every inch of her mouth. After a few minutes the Jedi Knight finally pulled away and started giggling. At first Kylo didn't understand what was so funny. He raised a questioning eyebrow and looked his lover over with concern. Her laughter proved to be infectious however and he finally cracked a smile. He chuckled and leaned in to kiss down her shoulder, smiling with each peck of his lips. "You could return with me," Rey said before concentrating on her hair tie. The Jedi Knight bent forward and worked her messy ponytail back into its proper place. She and Kylo were almost completely dressed and reality was starting to crowd their senses again. Kylo Ren watched her for a moment before sighing, "You know I can't." Rey had tried this before, during their late night conversations across the Bond. He knew it was a waste of breath for either of them to offer these invitations to leave it all behind. Kylo might have been annoyed with Rey if this was a few months ago but right now he seemed good natured in his response. "You could always stay with me," he replied quite seriously. "You'd be a queen within the First Order." "You'd be a prince again if you came back home," Rey countered. "You'd be welcomed back with open arms. I'm not saying it would be easy." Silence fell over the turbolift. After a minute or so Kylo Ren waved his hand over the control box, making the lights flicker and switch back on. The additional lighting made him squint in annoyance. His stark reflection became clearer on the surface of the turbolift doors. This wasn't how sworn enemies were suppose to behave. Meeting during the middle of a war was risky for them both. He and Rey were disciplined Knights—Force Bond or not—and even if they were on the opposite sides of the spectrum, they should have been stronger than this. Truthfully, her Jedi affiliation didn't bother him so much. Fucking Rey was the best thing in the whole galaxy and maybe he should have found a way to express that to her. Someone needed to be the one to walk away, but they were both too stubborn to do so. "I would… make you happy," Kylo offered, keeping his back to Rey. He finally shoved the mask over his face and breathed shakily into the vocoder once it settled. Rey detested that damn thing and had to look away. She eyed the access panel at the top of the turbolift. "I know you think that," Rey swallowed hard. "Hold off on the controls—could we talk a minute?" "Why?" Kylo replied, letting the turbolift continue to move. "We both know where this is going. Something has to give, Rey." Rey finally reached out and grabbed Kylo's hand. Her fingers curled into his leather-clad ones and the powerful man finally turned to face her. There was something in his body language; something he wasn't telling her. Perhaps Kylo Ren was truly considering leaving? He seemed so… torn . "What do you mean?" she asked, staring up at her lover with an endearing look on her face. Rey saw passed the bulky, lifeless mask he wore and could almost picture his handsome face staring back at her. "You were right," Kylo admitted as the doors to the turbolift opened. "I do love you." Rey gasped and leapt backward, igniting her lightsaber near the back of the turbolift. Dozens of stormtroopers were waiting outside for the Jedi Knight. They were lined in formation, blasters drawn and set on stun. "Welcome home," Kylo announced, turning his hand over and extending it towards his love. He waited patiently for Rey to do the math; to calm down and accept her fate. There was no way she could fight her way out of this—no way to maneuver. She willfully wandered into the belly of the beast and Kylo Ren had been ready for her. "Your lightsaber, Rey," he continued after giving her a few tense moments to think it over. "You're safe by my side and you will not need it here… my Queen ." Rey pulled the weapon back against her chest, staring daggers at the man she just let fuck her. She hated that stupid mask and considered taking his head off with one fluid strike. Kriff, she knew she couldn't trust this monster. What the hell had she been thinking? "Kylo Ren," she practically spat at him in response, "I hate you." "I know," he replied arrogantly. Rey powered down the legendary Skywalker lightsaber and slapped it into his waiting hand. His fingers wrapped around the hilt in triumph. Finally… finally they could be together. Notes: This is for all those readers of Lies and Lightsabers and fans of smut in general, LOL. I mentioned long ago in L&L that Rey and Kylo Ren had a torrid love affair—it was going on in secret for years during the war (between the First Order and the Resistance). So, this is me imagining one of those early encounters. We know that Rey eventually escapes, but who knows what happens once she gets in Kylo’s personal quarters. It’s likely she spent significant time as his captive and maybe this lead to her controversial decision to lure Kylo Ren into frozen carbonite.