Okay. So. It wasn’t Kylo’s finest moment, if he’s honest with himself (and he tries to be, so very hard). He’d lost control twice , and even though there were extenuating circumstances (and no collateral loss of lives), Hux had still made that face he made when he wanted to say something absolutely devastating . But fuck it. It wasn’t as if Kylo was really that bad. He’d - he’d lost… he’d lost the map , and the girl . And the pilot . (And basically everything, ever, ever, ever.) Lieutenant Mistake will live. Everything else can be fixed. And he wasn’t responsible for the biggest loss, which was planet-shaped. So frankly, Hux’s ‘I just sucked citrus from your ass’ face can go for a walk until it knows how to behave itself. Kylo comes home to their rooms and just - seriously? There’s a mess everywhere. Everywhere . There’s datapads on the floor, kibble making star charts, shredded cushions bleeding out stuffing, and a strange absence of feline. Kylo is still stalking around the rooms in horror at the upholstery damage when Hux gets in. “What have you done now ?” “Me? This was your monster!” “Ren, don’t be ridiculous.” “Hux, your cat did this.” “You’re just trying to blame her for your temper tantrum.” “I am… Hux, why the fuck would I destroy our rooms ?” “Why would you destroy anything ?” Kylo feels his anger course down into his hands. He can’t even believe he has to explain this, but apparently he does. “I was frustrated.” “So you destroyed my ship.” “ At least I didn’t blow up a planet .” Maybe that was one step too far, because Hux storms off, calling in a strained voice for Millicent. There’s a meow in return, and he finds his hell-beast, cuddling her to his chest. “Hux, I didn’t…” “Shut up.” “Look. I didn’t trash the room, okay? Why is it so hard for you to think your cat might pick up on the stress of evacuation and–” “So what? If she did - if - she’s a cat . Not a fully grown human, who should know better than to destroy essential property.” “Hux… seriously?” “Yes, seriously.” “You love that damn cat more than me.” Hux covers her ears. “No. But the damn cat annoys me less by acting like a child .” Kylo turns, and punches the wall. He punches it so hard the feeling jolts up his arm, and… it’s not helping. It didn’t help before, and it didn’t help now, and he screams at it , as if that will - somehow - magically - make it all go away. Millicent shrieks, and he hears her footsteps running away from them. Everything is falling apart. Everything. Everything . He’s lost the map, the pilot, the girl, the weapon, the father, the other weapon, the Leader’s trust, and now… now… “Kylo…” “You should just… I’ll go.” It’s not his room, after all. It’s Hux’s. And he doesn’t belong here. Millicent probably trashed the place because of envy of him, or something. Once he’s gone, she’ll be back to normal, and Hux can… He fights the hand that grabs for his wrist, fights until Hux plays dirty. Foot on his instep, hands grabbing his, spinning him until his back hits the wall. Kylo glares down. He could fight him off, easily so. Could shove him away. Could make good on his threat. “Kylo… come, now. You’d been doing so well.” Yeah. Had been. “Just give up on me already. There’s no point keep tr–” A hand over his mouth, and Hux tuts. “No. You don’t get to play the martyr and back out of this. But you also do not get to threaten me in front of staff - or at all - or throw a tantrum when things don’t go your way.” All of which childish. All of which… he’s ashamed of. Kylo’s eyes skitter away. It’s easier to pretend you still believe in what you did, than let the guilt and shame in fully. It chokes him harder than the hand on his mouth, and he grabs hold of Hux’s hair. Clumps full. Pulling until Hux’s eyes water, and he screams. Screams and screams and screams into that hand, the tension making his body need to fight some more. He shoves Hux off, only to find himself flipped again. Face into the wall, wrist bent up behind his back. A weight behind him, and he tries to buck it off. They struggle, and Kylo feels the terror pricking inside, terror at what’s going to happen next. The pain in his side is overwhelming, and his breath comes in short, sharp pants. “It’s okay,” Hux tells him, holding him still. “He’s going to kill me.” “No, he won’t,” Hux says, pressing in tighter. “I’m no use to him. Not now. He’ll go for her .” “Then… then we make sure he doesn’t get her.” “…how?” Kylo was wounded when they fought, but she’s skilled . Natural. And now… “We’ll think of something,” Hux says. “Now… are you coming to the couch with me, or do you need to fight some more?” The fight is gone, now he’s admitted the fear, and he shakes his head. “Come on,” Hux says, stepping back. “And don’t ever imply my princess is anything other than perfect, Ren. I defend you, and I defend her.” Kylo turns, brushing himself down. “…you do?” Hux nods. “Now, come on.” Being defended… is new. Being… supported. Kylo is an idiot, to try pushing him away. Every time he tries, Hux just holds him through his petty fit. He’s terrified that one day he’ll push him just far enough, and Hux will leave at last. Or - maybe worse - that the urge to run so he’s the one to do it will never die down. But still. Being defended. Being… worth fighting for… It’s new. A little calmer, if still worried, he follows Hux’s lead. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 42 of the Kylux - Fluff & Angst series Next Work →