The voice in his ear is a low and lovely thing, deeply imbued with a heat one might never find upon Starkiller – save in but select few places. This should not be one of them, but without conscious thought he leans back into its grasp. Yet his voice never once idles in its continuing words. “…and remember: the Order is there for you, when the Republic never was, and never will be. Devote your lives to our cause, and we will give you lives worth the living.” But Hux cannot repress the shiver that moves through him at the press of damp lips to the thinnest sliver of bare skin between jaw and high collar. His finger moves away from where he holds the broadcast channel open, then his whole hand snaps upward to flick at the ear of the man curving over the stiff back of his chair. But he’s quick, has always been as quick as his beloved starfighters, and is already well beyond range. But with the pass of a predictable moment, he’s coming back in for a second run; even as Hux moves to resist his lips, he’s instead taking away the headset, hair left unbearably ruffled in the process. But before Hux can even think to raise his hand, to set it back in place: gloved hands move, dig deep to ruin everything quite beyond repair. Hux closes his eyes – though hardly in surrender, for all he leans shameless into the strong-fingered caress. “This is far beyond standard protocol, I hope you know.” Laughter rumbles close to his ear, more vibration than sound. “Fuck protocol.” And that too-clever tongue slips between generous lips, slides in filthy promise from the jugular vein to the corner of his jaw. “You’re off-duty now.” There’s no need to angle his wrist or neck to confirm the time. “I most certainly am not.” “Well, shall I switch it back on, then?” And that gloved hand moves forward, knowing and all too quick where it reaches for the open switch. “Shall I let everybody listen to what you do behind this desk?” He’s crowding the chair now, and for all the hard plasteel between them Hux can feel the heat radiating from his compact body. “Because, you see – I’m off-duty, and I’m not going anywhere.” Hux slaps his hand away from the control panel. “Don’t you dare.” “Why not?” Teeth press against his neck now, bared by his bright grin. “Let’s show the people know how very much their beloved general enjoys the benefits of life in the Order.” Twisting in the chair, he turns, meets the dancing black gaze with his own. “And what benefits are these, exactly?” “Free and constant access to the greatest pilots in the galaxy.” And his lips land upon his, but move only in words than in actual kiss. “Or just the greatest, as it were,” he whispers, and his hand moves now for the space between half-opened thighs. “Do you want to tell them how loud I can make you scream, or shall I just show them?” “I don’t think you’re following protocol any more than he is, General.” They both startle, turning too fast: Hux snaps to his feet while Dameron just barely keeps his own. They already know what they will see: lurking in the corner is a dark living shadow, masked face lined in too-bright silver. Hux had not had the slightest inkling the man was there during his speech. From the expression on Dameron’s face – somewhere between intrigue and irritation – he’d not noticed him upon arrival, either. “Ren.” Hux speaks first, composed through long practice. “What are you doing in here?” That damned helmet stares at him, the modulator silent to even the man’s breathing. Much as Hux hates to be goaded into first speech, he checks a sigh, speaks again; he will not draw this out any longer than necessary. “If you wanted to use the broadcast system, you could have waited your turn outside .” “Oh, he gets a turn now, does he?” Commander Dameron asks, by now leaning back against the desk; one thrust upward of his chin, and the dark curls fall from his eyes. “Too bad I called you first.” That engenders an odd noise from Ren; perhaps only his throat clearing, or some equally strangled sound. “The general is required elsewhere, Dameron.” “Actually, he’s not,” Hux interrupts, not bothering to smooth the edges of his irritation; Ren’s head swivels unnaturally quick, the visor fixed upon him like the barrel of a blaster. “You just said you were still on duty.” “I’ve changed my mind.” And he tilts his wrist, gives the time only the most casual perusal. “As you say, I’m the general . Surely it’s a perk of the job, deciding the point at which I am done for the day.” Even from behind that damned mask, Hux can feel Ren staring. He barely resists the urge to smirk back. Instead, he stands, sweeping up his greatcoat from where it had been hung neatly over his chair; only when its lines are long and straight does he retrieve his officer’s cap, setting it upon his head with a casual ease born of long habit. “Shall we, then, Commander Dameron?” His eyes narrow, head tilting; then Dameron reaches forward, tucks a stray lock of hair back beneath stiff black fabric. “Better,” he offers, something critical still in those eyes for all Hux knows the laughter behind it; he rolls his eyes, turns away with a snort. “Well, as long as you’re satisfied, I suppose.” Dameron, who has never passed a parade inspection in his entire First Order career, nods with righteous approval. But then, he had never needed to bother with such petty matters. His talents had always been so much more than anyone else’s. “After you. Sir .” Sweeping past, Hux casts one hand back towards the communication array at his back. “It’s all yours, Ren. But do try not to indoctrinate anybody with lectures about the Force; I’d rather have everyone alert and functional, than drowsy or outright asleep.” “You don’t understand the Force.” The reply had been predictable, rumbling and unimpressed. “Yes, well, I leave that to you,” Hux says, dangerously close to airy. “Good evening, Ren.” Of course the man offers no answer. There’s nothing to be had from him save that blank-eyed stare of the visor – or at least, Hux knows there would be, if he’d turn around to look. Not that he does. He just lets the door slips closed and then they are walking together, quickstep down the corridor. They make an imposing pair, the general in parade uniform and the ace pilot still in his flightsuit. It gives him a flash of odd warmth to thinking that Dameron had heard Hux’s latest broadcast, and had immediately swept back in for one of his particularly flashy landings. And then had come to him fresh from the cockpit. Even if Ren had been lurking in the background, unseen and unheard. “I’m going to have to fuck him. Eventually,” he says, very sudden. “Just so you know.” For all he snorts, Dameron doesn’t miss a step. “Fair enough.” “Have you ever?” A strange stiffness overtakes him, a quick and deep form of sudden hoarfrost. They’d known each other before, of course. But those days are never spoken of now, both by choice and by command; while Dameron had come to the Order long before Snoke had foisted his apprentice upon Hux, Ren’s arrival had changed many dynamics upon both base and star destroyer. And now, Dameron takes a good deal of time to ponder an answer that does not get beyond a single syllable. “No.” “Pity,” Hux says, and brushes at non-existent lint upon one pristine sleeve. “I’d rather like to know if he’s the clingy sort before I bother. I’d hate for him to get ideas.” “He likely has ideas already,” Dameron says, much darker than his easy temper would allow otherwise; Hux narrows his gaze. “What makes you say that?” But Dameron echoes Ren himself, of earlier; it’s only silence he has to offer, and he does it with his eyes fixed firmly forward. “ He’s the mindreader.” Hux can’t mask that odd hint of suspicion, doesn’t even want to. It’s often said the best pilots have some hint of the Force to them; apparently, it’s what allows them near-preternatural reflexes, and a sense of their ships that renders them almost extensions of their own minds and bodies. And then his irritation turns to something far more tangible. “Or has he just said something to you?” Dameron’s face remains still, a statue borne of burnished steel. “Ren doesn’t say anything to me.” “Well, he’s not exactly a sterling conversationalist.” No smile results at the worlds, no crack or bend in his silent armour. And Hux purses his lips, voice kept carefully and carelessly light. “Does it bother you? That I want to fuck him?” He snorts, for all he blinks once, twice, three times too fast. “I’ve seen underneath those robes, Hux. I know you have too. I’m not going to deny the appeal.” Very few would, for all the attached personality would leave few willing to actually act upon any physical attraction. “But he’s not one to keep,” Hux muses. “I just need one good ride – maybe two, if he’ll keep his great paws to himself when he’s told.” Dameron’s still not offering any spoken comment, and Hux raises an eyebrow in something between challenge and careless observation. “Surely you understand: that sometimes you just want to test fly all the ships in your fleet, even when you already have in your possession the one best suited to your talents.” In a second Hux’s spine is compressed, his whole body forced up hard against the wall. Even as instinct tells him to reach for his blaster, to pull a thigh up and an elbow down, he laughs. Dark eyes stare up, and yet somehow stare him down for all their height difference. “Oh, I belong to you, do I?” Dameron demands, and Hux laughs, half-gasped around the fisting of his collar. “Everybody on this base does,” he says, and then with exaggerated guile, “I’m your general .” And Dameron lets Hux find his feet again, drawing back his hands; they’re still hard fat fists, at his sides. “Ren doesn’t belong to you,” he observes, almost cold. “But then, maybe that’s why you want him.” Hux gives a careless little shrug. “Maybe it is.” Dameron’s anger is a strange and beautiful thing: rarely seen, but only all the more beautiful for it. In that moment Hux catches half a breath, anticipates its arrival with easy glee – but then Dameron’s rolling his eyes, casting a hand back through his curls. “You’re worse than a corvid. Collecting all your little shiny things, hording them in some great cave, protected with fire and armour.” Then he turns, jerks his head down the thankfully empty corridor. “Come with me.” “Are you ordering me, Commander?” he asks, and does not move. Dameron, for his part, does not even look back to see if Hux hears his next words. “Just making a suggestion, General .” But he already knows where they are going. There are odd benefits to a base like Starkiller, and its geothermal deposits are one Hux personally appreciates most. Some of the cavern systems, with their natural hot pools, have been set aside for use by the ‘troopers, others by the officers. Hux himself has one that is solely his own, at least in practice if not in principle. It is reserved for the commander of Starkiller, and with Ren’s arrival technically it ought to be shared. But Hux had never seen Ren there. He’s never known if it’s to with Ren’s uncanny abilities, the man using them to avoid being at such strange cross-purposes with Hux, or if Ren simply has no interest. Either way, he is glad. It remains his space, for his indulgences. But Dameron is not leading them there. When they leave the main hub, instead of heading towards the natural formations that construction has left largely intact, he veers away; he leads instead a tramping path through the thin covering of snow across the duracrete pavilions of Starkiller’s central command compound. The neat small buildings fade behind them, along with the barracks and officer’s quarters rising behind them. They might have taken a speeder. For his part, Hux prefers to walk – as does Dameron himself, surprisingly. Hux cannot be sure why that is, given Dameron so often takes the smallest excuse to pilot anything that comes to hand. Hux knows his own reasons almost too well: he’d been raised principally upon star destroyers from the age of six, had ventured rarely off-ship even when deployed through the ranks. The cold, cutting air against his lungs is almost alien, something between pain and sharp undeniable pleasure. It’s not something he would care to partake in every day. But he’ll breathe it in deep here, and now: this, the taste of his precious weapon. Of the promise of their impending victory over the so-called Resistance. The officers’ steam rooms lie in a sprawling complex before them, built low and hard against one of the nearby cliffs; vented water vapours are piped to the specially constructed chambers for the downtime enjoyment of those entitled. The ‘troopers have their own shared facilities, but even here, within the officer’s domain, Hux has his own private chambers. In fact he’d initially contemplated constructing it closer to his own quarters, but had baulked at the unnecessary expense. There was something fortifying, besides, about walking back out into the chill air after – with skin still flushed and muscles languid and lazy. His pass codes give them access all the way to the deepest chamber of them all. With security clearances locking out all other personnel, there are left alone, together. Dameron already moves about stripping himself bare, the planes of his naked back moving like tectonic shift as he bends over to undo his boots. Instead of mirroring the action – in a manner more refined than his, no doubt – Hux only watches. Dameron glances up, one broad eyebrow arched over the coiled half-grin upon his lips. “Enjoying the view, General?” He doesn’t need to say yes for both of them to know that he is. Dameron may not be Kylo Ren, may not be a great hulking body of lean broad muscle and ridiculous height, may not be in possession of over-sized hands and impossibly thick thighs. But he is a powerful creature, wide in the shoulders and narrow to the waist, darker skin taut and unscarred. Hux has long been drawn by the way he moves with careless grace, and a pilot’s easy awareness of the world around him. He’s also watched Dameron and Ren in the officer’s gym more than once, both of them tangled up in some pissing contest over weight training. He often finds it hard to remember who loses, given that it is Hux’s own vivid imagination that wins out most. When Dameron turns, every motion of it is purposeful, from beginning to its end, which is a long stretch from hip to shoulder. His ass, rounded and ever so slightly canted back, begs for a hard spanking. The look he then casts back, sultry and simple, also invites a good slapping, one that Hux’s hand is now aching to give. “I’m taking a shower,” he says, already slipping beyond the general’s reach. “Perhaps you’ll join me?” Hux does so, though they never get much beyond a frantic minute or two of grinding hips and thighs. Much as they both might enjoy it, it is better to take one’s time about matters such as these. The shower might do for sloppy kisses and adolescent groping, but there is better yet still to be had. On their way into the steam room, skin and hair but roughly and inadequately dried, Hux leads. With a damp towel laid upon one of the hard stone shelves, Hux moves to lie upon his back; while still half hard, he’s content to give himself over to the room’s principal purpose first. As a child of drear Arkanis, he has never been fond of heat nor damp. And yet he revels in this: the pebbling sweat across limbs, droplets of fine water gathering upon the soft pale hairs of arm and leg, hot iridescent pearls shimmering in the pale white light. Dameron has not lain down. Seated across from Hux, leaning forward between opened thighs with hands clasped tight, he watches instead. The damp hair, dark and dripping, does not block his gaze: predatory and patient. As the moments pass, Hux extends a lazy hand. Dameron crosses to him without a word and then is down upon one knee, knuckles pressed to forehead as if knight to his king. “Don’t be a fool,” Hux murmurs, slurred by the broken strength of languid muscles. “If you want to dedicate yourself to me, bring me your sword and not your servitude.” His dark eyes are brilliant gleam as he looks up from beneath those impossibly long lashes. “I thought you preferred both?” He takes his hand back, waves it upon the air without real direction. “I don’t need a slave in my bed.” Their eyes meet: his dark earth loam, Hux’s bright cold sky. “I like a bit more excitement than that.” “I’ve noticed.” And Dameron’s leaning down, taking his lips before trailing down in wet sloppy passage to what lies between his thighs. He’s already hard, half-taken by the urge to buck up, to rock hard and harsh against him. But the heat mutes such instinct, stealing away its urgency. Instead Hux settles gladly for pushing up against the other man in slow and sinuous twist. Such grinding brings delicious friction, even with the constant dampness between them: but it can never be quite enough. They linger constantly upon the edge of something, lips pressed together; the limning salt he finds there tastes rich and thick on his tongue. And then he’s rising up, chasing droplets of sweat from chin to temple. Four hands slide, never quite catching grip: of side, of waist, of hip, of ass; then Hux digs his nails in, and pushes his whole body upward. A moment and a fierce brief struggle later, Dameron lies prone upon his back beneath even Hux’s slight weight, though his half-hooded eyes are all challenge. The lean legs have splayed open, hands lingering so high over his head so that his chest thrusts out, dusky nipples peaking in clear invitation. Above the crown of his head, the dark hair is now stellate galaxy in reverse colouring, spiralling black against white; Hux’s fingers itch to curl and to pull , even as he places palms on hard-muscled thighs, pressing them further apart. Having taken his own place there, Hux quirks an eyebrow at Dameron, and then turns immediately to his cock: a long and lovely thing, its taste a familiar and welcome delight. As his tongue moves first, followed by lips, and then the clenching heat of his throat, Hux’s own hardness remains a dull and welcome ache between his legs. The lubricant, strategically placed upon a nearby shelf beside his own comm unit, is hardly difficult to find. Hux pulls off the cock before him for only a moment, slicking back wet hair before drizzling cool gel upon his fingers; before Dameron can protest his lack of stamina, his mouth returns to its work, this time with first two, then three fingers working into his ass. Dameron’s high flush has deepened, eyes nearly nothing more than black blown pupils when Hux pulls back, then pushes his own cock in. Again, there’s no rush to it – to any of it. It is a slow and lazy fuck, here in this private personal space between them. And there’s no sense of time passing, of the relevance of the galaxy beyond their joined bodies; only when Dameron begins to clench, drawing him deeper, does Hux’s breath really begin to skip and miss. That’s what tips him over the edge – but it’s not a sudden fall. It’s not the usual ending of a hard and dirty rutting, as they’re wont to indulge upon in the hangars, or meeting rooms, or cramped heady little cockpits. This is more flying than falling, his release hitting low and cresting slow; it seems it should be over in a second as it always is, but it only grows, consumes, a tsunami wave approaching shore, buoyed higher by more power and amplitude with each passing second. Dameron’s palm closes in tight circle around his own cock, thumb tripping over the head as he jerks himself in ragged sweeps. Hux’s own hand, distant as it feels from his still floating mind, moves down; with their fingers laced, he does the same, their eyes locked as he calls Dameron over the same edge he’d already taken headlong. They lie together, Hux’s leaking half-limp dick still nestled inside: sweating, slick, wrapped around one another as if they’d never have any reason to part. A rich haze of satisfaction has settled over him, thicker and denser than even this humid air, and yet: it’s not enough. Not quite. Not yet . A perfectionist from early childhood, Hux had long ago concluded that satisfaction would never be in his nature. Not when there was more to be done. Not when he knew the answer to a question not even asked yet. “Do you know,” he says, sudden, “that my wrist comm is completely waterproof?” Below him, Dameron snorts, the sound scoffing enough to actually dislodge Hux from upon the broad expanse of his chest. “Well, you never go anywhere without it. I just assumed it was, because I can’t imagine you replacing them after every snowstorm or steam session. Budgets, and all that.” Though he first pokes him hard in the side for that, Hux still lets it pass. “I have an idea.” And he’s reaching over, snagging it from the low shelf; when he angles the slim band, Dameron is forced to blink upwards at the small screen. For a moment, his face is utterly still in the blue light, a pilot upon the verge of a split second decision that could doom the entire mission to utter failure. “Poe,” Hux says, low, soft, “you didn’t honestly think I’d take that beast on alone , did you?” Dameron’s eyes turn to his, and turn searching. And then he blinks, and something between a scowl and a grin has him rolling his eyes, head now thrown back in high chuckling disgust. “I can’t believe you have a direct line to the broadcast system from your wrist comm.” “Well, I do get my inspiration at odd hours. It always pays to be prepared.” He’s rising, dick slipping free; he always stands for these things. And yet, even as he’s keying highest order security clearances, Dameron’s leaning forward in precarious reach to press a kiss to his stomach. Swatting him away proves no deterrent. “ Stop that.” One hand reaches out, callused fingers closed tight about a narrow hip. “You’re a general.” The other hand matches the motion, encourages Hux back towards him with no gentleness of motion at all. “Don’t you have the armies to make me?” And he chuckles, breath making his abdomen twitch and tremble beneath its heat. “Not that I see a single soldier of it, here. And now.” As his nose nuzzles deep into the red-gold hair of his groin, Hux smothers a groan with well-practised ease. A moment later and he’s clicking on the live feed, clearing his throat, imbuing his voice with the deepest of high authority. “Would Kylo Ren report immediately to the officer’s steam rooms. It concerns most urgent matters of protocol.” His next gasp is barely smothered. “That is all.” Letting Hux’s cock pop free of his lips in a stretching web of spit and pre-come, Dameron looks up with devilish grin. “No, it’s not all.” Then he’s swallowing his cock down again, leaving Hux to lean back, his last rational thought consisting of little more than the vague hope that he’d turned the comm off. But Dameron is right – it will not be all, indeed. Not when there is still so much satisfaction yet to seek out. Chapter 2 Notes: ...so, I ended up deciding to write more of this disastrous fic, this time with Kylo more..."actively"...involved. I'm just going to have to warn you that while it's not precisely dub-con, Hux has put himself very much in charge of this encounter and he's certainly not checking to make sure Poe and Kylo are down with everything he's up to. Because he's an asshole. I also apologise because a) I believe this is the first time I've written a threesome in fandom and b) I'm not good with smut and c) the writing is rough as balls because this is kind of just...a catharsis fic? Or something? I just wanted to do something different. Trouble is, now I have pieces from Hux and Poe's POVs, I feel like I have to round it out with Kylo's in a third part. With that said, I don't even know that people will get through this second part, so: storytime! [head in hands] why do i suck so muchhhhhhh Of course Ren doesn’t come immediately. But then, Poe cannot help but hope he will not come at all – and not just because the two of them have settled themselves more than comfortably. Having first sluiced off in the showers, a long and lazy ablution delayed over and over by wandering fingers and grasping lips, they had together returned to the steam rooms to await their so-summoned guest. Now upon his back, Poe pressed between his legs, Hux seems almost content. It even feels as though sleep itself cannot be far away, as Poe stares dreamily into the white-thick steam. It envelops them, encloses them: like they are separate and strange creatures, above and beyond the worlds outside such haven. But there’s a distant sound, the low rumble of discontent brontide. And Hux stirs, thighs close about Poe’s waist, his words lazy hum. “He’s coming.” “Oh. How wonderful.” A snort, half-hearted, and long fingers begin a lazy weave through wet hair. “We’ll have ourselves a little bit of fun here, Dameron, don’t worry about that.” His own snort is a louder, far less generous thing. “Your ideas about fun always make me worry, General.” “Poor boy.” But when Poe gives a pinch of his knee, it earns a warning hand at his throat. He’s grinning to show all of his straight white teeth when he overextends his neck, gazing upside down into Hux’s own unamused expression. The door slides open but a moment later, but Poe does not look away from the man above. He keeps looking to him even when Hux glances over, one eyebrow arched. “You took your time, Lord Ren.” It appears Ren has no answer, given the knife edge of perfect silence that follows. The fact that it lasts so long, sharpening by the moment, is enough to convince Poe to look for himself –and surprise hits him hard, even when it also does not. Ren stands in hulking silhouette, dressed yet in full armoured costume: from boots to robes to belt to the damned expressionless helmet. And he stands in the entryway to a steam room, the only two occupants of which lounge naked and draped over one another in erotic tableau before him. And Hux sighs, raises one hand in dismissive wave. “Close the door, Ren, you’re letting all the warm air out.” His hand moves down, fingers tangling again in Poe’s damp hair. “Were you raised in a tent?” Already he stiffens, broad shoulders braced, hand moving towards the weapon hanging still upon his belt. Poe’s own eyebrows dip close together, though he purposefully keeps his body relaxed. But he remains actively aware and ready for any outbreak of hostilities, Force advantages be damned. Still, for all his own attention, Poe suspects Ren’s eyes are fixed upon the general alone. “This is not what I expected.” The deep voice, masked and mutilated as it is by the vocoder, comes flat and warning. Hux only rolls his eyes in return. “I summoned you to the steam rooms , Ren. I’m not sure what else you expected.” “I am leaving,” he says, already turning to do so. Hux’s reply comes whipcrack sharp, the command of a man who accepts no disobedience. “No. You’re not .” The turn back comes slow, incredulous, for all Ren’s face is still hidden from them both. But even that handicap does not deter Hux, who stares at his co-commander with even, easy arrogance. Between them, Poe shivers. Strange electricity gathers charge upon the damp air, coming to dance in prickling step upon every inch of his own exposed skin. It’s hardly the first time he’s experienced it: Hux and Ren have always proved volatile when in such close proximity. They are acid, and water; there are industrially unstable chemical compounds on both base and ship that prove less of a safety hazard than these two together. And Hux not only knows as much, he revels in it as he smiles, almost croons, “Ren, you’ve come this far. Surely you can admit that you’re interested .” Again, it falls to silence between them, as though they communicate without words. The only comfort Poe has is that it is very unlikely that they do so. That Hux would never allow it. The general’s mind is his always and only his own, a kingdom he would burn to the ground before allowing another to take it by force. “Does he have to be here?” Ren says, sudden, and Hux snorts, fingers gentling over Poe’s long dark hair. “Yes.” His voice hardens, ice over a lake that ought to be too deep to ever freeze so utterly. “Surely you have realised by now – he is my best pilot.” His hand curves down, along the rough-stubble line of Poe’s jaw. “He is so often with me,” he says, and Poe cannot help the half-curved grin as Hux cants his hips, and he feels the pressure of arousal against skin. Careful fingertips are soft as a sigh when he adds, “And I am so rarely without him.” Ren wears his silence like a shroud, but he is hardly as quiet as the dead. Instead the air feels as though it folds in upon itself, growing denser by the moment; the fine hairs all along Poe’s arms are erect, trembling, as if sudden temper will spark between the two commanders like the discharge of a tesla coil. But Hux only sighs, the sound almost enough to break the spell. “Stay, Ren,” he says, and one corner of his mouth quirks upward as if at some perfect private joke. “No need to pretend, now. I know you want it.” The words prove somehow magnetic; scarcely are they spoken, when Ren takes one step forward, uncertain and reflexive. It is so perfectly strange a motion for this man, this man who walks onto any battlefield utterly without fear, masked head held high and ancient weapon blazing in gauntleted hand. And Poe, eyes fixed upon him, can still feel Hux’s smile, the cajoling voice warm vibration in the place where back presses to slim pale chest. “But you have to remember that the commander is here, with us, now.” Fingertips trace the ladder of his ribs, palm pressing flat over the place where his heart sings in quicksilver beat. “And for that, Ren – you’ll begin with him .” Ren, already near motionless, goes so very still he might as well be nothing more than a shadow upon the air, half-real and almost abstract. Poe himself feels the same, as if the galaxy has turned itself inside out, leaving him unanchored between divergent realities. But Hux’s fingers are warm, Hux’s fingers are familiar, and Hux’s hands are now gentling him upwards. As he stands before him, like some offering made to an alien god, Hux swings his own legs over the bench, rising at his side. Then he steps forward, and between: gloriously naked, pale skin flushed, freckles bright against his skin like scattered stardust, his hair red ruin. He takes quick, efficient steps – and yet manages a coquettish tilt of narrow hips. There’s no shame to any of it. But then, Armitage Hux has little to be ashamed of, in days like these. Even as Hux moves to stand before his Knight of Ren, Poe retakes his own seat – though now he leans forward, one knee drawn up, elbows draped, fingers dangling, held very carefully still. Hux, now at easy halt before his co-commander, tilts his chin in teasing invitation. Ren’s visor remains motionless, fixed upon the general’s eyes. But it’s the slight smile that catches Poe’s attention – that strange hint of mischief that ought to be so very alien upon his usually stern visage. But Poe knows all too well how very well it suits him. “Ren.” “General.” Hux answers this minor standoff with only faint laughter. And then he is reaching forward, closing his hands over the helmet. Poe can only stare. He knows what lies beneath – he would have known, even had he never seen Kylo Ren in such a state. But then he has never seen this : Ren, so still, allowing another to lay hands upon the mask he wears so fiercely against the world beyond his own troubled mind. Hux thumbs the catches as though he has done so a thousand times. The faint hiss of releasing air, and then: he pulls up. In turn Ren dips his head, just a little, just enough – a knight to his liege, unspoken and unasked. And then he is straightening, dark hair a bright halo as it collects already pearls of moisture; it shimmers iridescent in the thickened air, crowning him in light. Hux’s smile gleams the same, a curved blade unsheathed as he holds the helmet at his waist. “Very good,” he murmurs, eyes searching, fingertips moving in light roam over the silvered eyepiece. “But this is but a beginning, isn’t it?” Ren’s eyes remain as dark and still as the rest of him – though only for but a moment. And then: his hands are rising, gloves stripped away. The layers of his robes follow next, the heavy boots, the armoured surcoat, the shirt with its concertina sleeves, the undershirt beneath. Poe has seen him in few layers, in those long hours of challenge in the private officer’s gym. But he has never seen him with shirt stripped entirely away: chest broad, pale-skinned, dotted with moles like the unconnected stars of some unknown constellation. In this he is strength and purpose. In this, he is brilliant. His hands, wide and blunt-fingered, pause at his hips. Hux doesn’t even bother with words; there’s a brief chuckle before he reaches forward. Poe feels the motion as a stab to his own stomach, nausea brilliant and burning. But Hux doesn’t even glance his way as he flicks open the buttons, one by one, action completed in barely a moment. But already he’s drawing back, his prize not yet taken. “I’m sure you know how it goes from here.” Then he’s turning, strolling back to Poe with hips swaying, his grin a terrible taunting thing. Ren, behind him, takes a hesitant step forward, eyes never once leaving his rear. Hux drops a wink to Poe, doesn’t look back as his voice rises in sharp reprimand. “If you’re not naked, don’t you take another step.” There’s some protest to this – a faint furious sound, in no language Poe can recognise. But then he’s pushing down trousers and smallclothes, leaving himself bare, stepping close with a face turned to thunder. And Hux turns, hand up. Ren stops but a moment from contact. The tableau holds for but a moment, story frozen in stasis – and then Hux clicks his tongue, as if calling a hunting hound to heel. “I told you what I want.” The hand moves, encompasses Poe to his right. “This is where you begin.” “Hux—” “This isn’t negotiable.” Both arms fold now over his chest, his stance as arrogant as any he might strike upon his podium, about his propaganda. “I know what I want, tonight,” he adds, already turning, eyes upon Poe alone. “Commander Dameron, if you would be so kind…?” He stands without thought; Poe has never been the best soldier, but he’s always been far too partial to the commands of his general. But standing before Ren, he wonders at the mistake he’s making today. Their difference in height gives the knight dubious advantage, though they are about as broad. But it is his face he focuses upon: familiar shadow, one both known and forgotten. And Ren’s dark eyes remain unreadable though his face is a tangle of longing and uncertainty. “What is it you need of me, General?” Poe asks, quick, curt. And Hux just snorts. “Fuck him.” And then, throaty and fond, “Make me feel it.” The tease of it has him glancing back, and his groin tightens at the sight. Already Hux reclines upon the place he himself had been in but a moment before. The lubricant, he has already retrieved; with his long legs splayed, white thighs wide, his ambitions become far too clear. And for a moment Poe cannot hope to look away, throat tight and tongue tangled as his eyes fix upon a shock of short red hair, and the cock already beginning a slow upward curl from their stoked flame. Ren’s sharply indrawn breath reminds him sharply that they are not alone – and somehow, it shifts along the length of his own stirring cock like whispered breath. Hux’s lazy-lidded eyes, fixed on his, are still open enough to scarce conceal his amusement. And even without words, Poe knows what they say. Because Poe could walk away from this. Hux would allow it. He has use for obedience, but not blind servitude. But to commit to such surrender would be to leave Hux alone with Kylo Ren. Por turns at last, walks past Ren while scarcely looking to him; when he returns his gaze to Hux, it leaves the man between them. Wordless – he had always run more by instinct than instruction – Poe takes a towel, spreads it upon the floor, extends a palm in open invitation though Ren’s back is to him. At Hux’s nod, the man turns, and then falls still. In return Poe cocks a lazy eyebrow, nods towards the general. “I know what he wants,” he says, all easy arrogance. “D’you want me to show you how to give it to him?” “I can work it out for myself.” A shout of laughter from behind him has the man stiff, again, in all the wrong ways. “Ren, if you’re not a virgin, I’ll eat out Phasma. Every day. For a month.” Hux’s fingers snap, the sound like blaster shot in even this humid air. “Get over there, and let me see you.” Perhaps Poe sees something like commiseration in those dark eyes, if only for a moment. But then he’s moving, face downturned, slow but not reluctant. Kylo Ren has been called many things about both base and star destroyer, but never a coward. And when he and Poe are but an arm’s length apart, almost careless, Hux indicates he should move down. “Hands and knees, Ren,” he adds, and then as if it could ever be otherwise, “facing me.” Poe does not need to see his face to know he will be enthralled by the sight before him – for Poe himself is, too. His general is perfect displayed decadence: legs spread, one hand moving lazy slick fingers towards his straining prick, now pressed hard against the faint softness of his belly. “Commander?” It is so easy, almost too easy, to echo the movement – to reach forward as Hux reaches down, to take Ren’s cock in hand and work his hand in the same light stroke. Ren’s breath hitches on some scarcely-spoken curse, shoulders hunched forward, head down, hair hanging heavy in his eyes. “Ren,” Hux whispers, slow solicitation. “Look at me.” A strange gasping sound, but: Poe knows he is, because he is himself too. But Hux stares at Ren as though he is the one hypnotised, very still, hand loose about his cock. And Poe doesn’t bite back his scorn, a huff of breath stark upon the air. Hux’s eyes flick upwards, bright with the faint flash of annoyance. But in a moment he is moving, again, and Poe moves about his own work too. But for all Hux is naturally a tease, it’s not long before the fingers skitter downwards, skirting the seam of his own balls. Moving in turn upon the other man’s body, Poe finds Ren to be heavy and almost too warm, cradled in his palm. Pressing closer, his own dick nestled in the small of Ren’s bent back, Poe grins nastily at Hux. In answer he flicks clever fingers over his perineum; when Poe echoes the motion upon Ren the great body goes rigid and still, knobs of his spine raised like hackles. With fresh sigh, Hux draws away, allows hands to wander now over his chest; with a flick of nipples, his back arches, hips thrust forward in a parody of how one might join with him. And Poe follows in wordless repetition of Hux’s unknown melody. But it’s not thoughtless. But his thoughts are not even of Hux. No, these are memories of a boy named Ben Solo. A youth who could be called a perfect stranger, for all he’d known no other life but the one he’d been born to. Gangly, lanky, constructed of ill-fitted limbs and oversized ears and a mouth too big for both face and the smart words that came from it, and hands fit to swallow the world whole. But this man isn’t Ben Solo. Not anymore. This is something more solid. Something more real – a ghost-child then, now reborn to true self. In easy tripping motion Hux’s fingers move down, again. There they catch without apology upon his hole: pinkened and loose already, from their earlier exertions. Ren’s is not at all the same. And if Hux’s assertion earlier assertion proves true – no other has done this before. Ever. The thought does not appear to trouble Hux in the slightest as he first circles his own rim, then dips inside. At the press of Poe’s slick finger, Ren tenses. Across from him, for all they could be separated by a thousand miles rather than just mere feet, Hux sighs, slides deeper. “Relax,” he says, sugar-sweet, almost sing-song. “You’ll like it.” Another knuckle, and a moan shivers beneath his next vowed words. “I promise .” Ren cannot believe him – but he has no choice, for Poe already strokes him from the inside, knowing and clever. Ren’s body is not one he knows, but they had not named him the best pilot in the galaxy for nothing. He can fly anything. If only given the chance. And now he’s crooking his finger, exploring, the callused tip dragging over the hard little nub of nerves within. Ren breathes hard, breathes quick, but says not a word; he looks only forward, hands fisted in the towel beneath his hands. Above them both Hux arches his back, damp with sweat and steam, glistening like a pearl. He’s using two fingers on himself, now – no, three, and his cockhead is red and leaking. Poe’s own dick is a hard pressed between his stomach and Ren’s ass, granted no friction, gifted only frustration. And Hux laughs, as though he has divined his thoughts, heard them as though spoken aloud. “I think he is ready, now.” And he lets out a trembling breath at the press of four fingers sliding deep inside. His eyes are the pure languid hue of storm-rain when he whispers, “Do him, commander. Fuck him hard .” Ren’s mouth has opened on protest – but already Poe is sliding in, sleekly seeking home. A gasp, a spasm, back concave as he both fights and accepts the same action – but Poe knows Ren looks ahead, to where Hux’s fingers have nearly disappeared even beyond his knuckles. It is as though he might slip his whole hand inside, if given just but a moment’s frank encouragement. There’s a pause, then; Poe holds Ren’s hips flush to his own, ass tight and taut about his aching cock. They are both watching, they are both waiting, heavy pendulum waiting to be swung. Hux, master now of their time, smirks, hand sliding back. It’s just three fingers, now. But Poe cannot look away even as his own hips fall to the same rhythm. But even his skill cannot quite replicate that twist of dripping fingers, lubricant wreathing his wrist in shimmering manacle. But his hands are anchored elsewhere – upon the lean muscle of narrow hips, nails digging deep into too-pale skin. And he must look away from the oddity of it, fixed upon Hux alone. Because he had known him, once. As a boy, one strange and lonely. One who had shied away from even friendly chatter, let alone touch. Not even Poe could encourage him forward from his self-structured shell. He’d been friendly, always. But too bombastic. Too alive . Now Poe thrusts deep into his body, changed and grown and remade in the dark: now he bruises a man, grasping and gasping. And in turn Ren now draws him deep, though his eyes are forever upon the general. More than content in his power, Hux works himself to exquisite fever pitch; and then he’s coming hard, head back, chest forward, hips in helpless thrust. Poe follows him over without thought, without choice; with Ren spasming around him, he has no other recourse but white-out orgasm. What follows is further silence, save for ragged breathing. In its return to slow regularity, Poe allows himself to fall back, cock slipping free; even as he watches, lazy, the leak of his own come from Ren’s muscular backside, Hux sits up with sudden violence. “That was a more than perfectly adequate fuck, Ren,” he says, sharp as a slap to the face. “Is there any reason why you haven’t got off?” “You.” He answers so quick, so careful, even as his great body is wracked with furious shiver. “I want you to touch me.” A raised eyebrow is shared with Poe. But Hux keeps his own counsel when he glances back, assessing. “I see,” he says, and Poe thinks that there is no way Hux will grant him such a wish – it would be far more in keeping with his nature to let the beast go unsatisfied, leaving him to run wild in whatever matter he saw fit. But then he leans back, opens his arms, his lips so very close to gentle smile. “Come to me, you silly boy.” Ren is rising, stumbling, moving forward as if to some great catastrophe of salvation. Poe, sitting back on his heels, can only watch as Ren all but falls into him. His ankles are already hooked at the small of his back when slender arms, lean with whipcord muscle, rise; they then close around his broad back, which shudders beneath such unexpected touch. And strong hands move down, cupping his ass, and over one shoulder Poe can see it all: the closed eyes, the bitten lip. Hux has taken Ren deep within himself, and he loves it. Poe only watches, cold even in the heat. Ren’s arrhythmic, strange thrusts come rare, as if he does not know how to move. Perhaps he does not. But Hux only stares towards the unseen ceiling, eyes dreamy and distant even as nails digging deep. Between them, there comes a strange sound: liquid, thick breaths, as if Ren drowns and yet somehow tries to do so silently. And his nails are sheathed again, for all the red marks line his back like whip-scars; Hux’s fingers are a soft fluttering over his skin, gentling him to stillness. There are no words, again. But something passes between them, all the same. And Poe cannot hear a single moment of any of it. He rises without thinking. Hux’s eyes are upon him, Ren motionless where he seems to all but consume the slender man; he does not move, cannot move, not with the dark head bent and an unmasked face pressed between collarbone and jaw. It’s so easy to move up behind him, between Ren’s spread legs, his ass the hard sheen of tight muscle. Hux’s hand keeps him still; impossibly so, just light fingertips upon a body of an immense power, one both physical and metaphysical. Perhaps it is a warning, too. There is no warning for Poe. Given the position of Ren and Hux together, the angle for him is peculiar, perhaps impossible. But Poe is ready again. He is always ready, always waiting: a pilot born to the black. And so he lines up, takes his shot, pulls himself free of the shackle of gravity. There’s pressure, of course, and hissing indrawn breath. For a moment, thinks he will not fit, that he cannot fit. Then he is sliding inside and Hux is arching upward with hips hitched high and Kylo wraps about him all the tighter. “Hush,” Hux says, eyes salt-bright, fixed on Poe alone. “Hush a little, we know what we are doing.” They’re rocking together – or at least, Poe moves them all as he drives up from below, for the other two men are both so nearly close to still. With his own back arched back, hands closing around Ren’s thick thighs, Poe pauses, Hux too tight around him. But there’s a low whine from him and Poe begins slow, moves faster as his own pleasure begins a cresting rise once more. Ren’s cock, at full standing, is thick and long; for a moment Poe must marvel that they have both managed to push so deep into Hux together. But then the general’s lips curl about a moan, high and panting, and the mystery is no more. Poe had known from the start what an utter slut Armitage Hux could be, when it came to decent cock. And he gives it to him now, twice over: for Ren scarcely moves, wrapped around him as though he has never any thought of being anywhere else. But Poe drags his cock along Ren’s own, forces him up and against Hux’s prostate; his fingers move between them, press against the place where the three of them meet together. And he contemplates pressing a single finger in, contemplates stretching Hux to breaking. But the general is coming already, as if he’d known the dark turn of his pilot’s fantasies. It draws Poe over, even as the warm spurt of Ren’s mingles with his own, forced impossibly deep by the thrust of two cocks in one man. And curled tight beneath them both, Hux has allowed his eyes to fall to soft closing, like summer rain; his lips move over unspoken words, richly accented for all they have no sound. This is not a man for prayer, and yet he seems devoted, given over to votive offering. Poe withdraws first, for all it is no retreat. Ren does not move until Hux’s hands shove sudden at his shoulders; his cock droops and drips alike as he stumbles back, but does not quite go. But Hux is languid even as Ren looms yet, their eyes locked tight together, two suns in disastrous binary orbit. He opens his mouth. And Hux’s right index finger rises, closes it again on the basest sound. “No,” he whispers, but it is gentle. “ Don’t .” Ren gives him only silence. Then he turns, lurches away. He’s dressing now, surprisingly quick for all the unnecessary complications of his clothing, hiding himself again beneath the mantle of a borrowed name. And Hux sighs, soft. “You were so very good,” Hux says, pressed now against Poe, who still stands yet at his side, unmoving, ever-present. But Ren does not turn, his voice half-muffled, almost bleak. “Is that all you wanted, then?” His chuckle shivers between pitying, and kind. “No.” And he sighs, this sound little more than post-coital. “But it will do. For now.” Ren does not look back – not that it would matter even if he had, given he has pulled the helmet over his head. And, in the space of a blink: Ren is gone, leaving Poe frowning at the place he had been but a moment before. He is not used to such games, and it creeps strange along his skin. His reflexes, honed and perfected out in the black, are apparently no match for Ren’s mere movements on solid ground. And one hand shifts, stroking along his flank. “Are you dreadfully jealous?” he whispers, too close to his ear. Poe turns his head, frowns at Hux’s curious eyebrow. Then he chuckles. “Because I still do need to fuck him .” The grin turns devilish, alight upon its sharpest edges. “I didn’t get the chance tonight, after all.” “Yes. I noticed.” “Oh, Poe .” His laughter comes as a low, throaty thing. “You know that you can always fuck me, too. Without him clearing a path first, I mean.” And before Poe can protest the simple rarity of such an action, he raises one hand, waves it like a careless whisper, and then retakes his place upon the bench like an emperor upon his throne. “Just not tonight, yes? Three orgasms are a bit too much for one evening, and my ass is in such a state I’m not even sure I can walk , much less take another good pounding.” Poe would still give him one. Not to mention he’s quite capable of carrying Hux, and they both know it. “You need a shower,” he says, instead, and Hux stretches – his limbs, long and languid, are the perfect lazy invocation of a desire that should be sated, and yet somehow isn’t. Somehow never could be. “I do.” The observation is idly made. Hux’s eyes still remain sharp where they fix upon him, for all the lids remain heavy and at half-mast. “But something’s bothering you.” “Oh, it’s just the one thing, you think?” This laughter is a fainter thing, almost kinder. It draws him in, the way it always has. When Hux’s fingers move in soft curled invitation, Poe sinks down at his side. The warm tile presses against aching muscle as Hux drifts nails over his scalp, drawing him down. When Poe sighs, lays his cheek upon one narrow thigh, his hand turns; so deceptively simple is the gesture, fingers carding light through his dark dark hair. “I came here because of Ben Solo.” Such a rare feat it is, to see Hux surprised enough to have lost his words. Poe’s upturned face remains locked to his as, for a long moment, Hux can do nothing but stare back. “You came here,” he says, at last, so very slow, “for Ben Solo ?” And it can be but rarer still, to have to correct a man such as the general. “No, because of Ben Solo.” Every muscle has tightened, the man a sudden coil of growing tension; Poe blows out a half-strangled breath of his own. “I mean…look at him. What he was. The son of heroes, strong in the Force, the heir to the Skywalker line. He was everything he should have been. And yet – he didn’t belong. He never did.” When he laughs, it’s a bitter sound, for all it heralds his own escape. “And it was looking at him, that I realised…if he could be so right and yet so very, very wrong for that world…well. Maybe others of us could be, too.” Some of that terrible tension has started to leach away from him, but Hux’ silence lasts a little too long. If not for the play of his hand over the great curve of his skull, Poe might have thought the words but a footnote to his own bill of attainder. And then, Hux shakes his head, something odd and tilted in his words. “But you were the son of heroes, too,” he murmurs, and his fingers pull just a little too tight, move against the grain. “Surely you belonged there.” He pushes his head into the touch, eyes tightly closed. “I didn’t.” His fingers twitch, making full fists only in his thoughts. “I had to go elsewhere to find my place.” He pauses, then goes recklessly on, the throttle pulled back as far as it will go. “But you wouldn’t understand, I guess,” he says, and it’s light, giddy, gravity lost to near-zero. “After all, you’ve always known yours.” In serpentine strike Hux’s hand fists about his hair, pulls back hard; his scalp protests in sudden burning agony, but Poe remains wordless, staring upwards where Hux forces him to look up into the storm-sea fury of his narrowed eyes. “You have no idea what I’ve known, in my time,” he hisses, and Poe only smiles, shoulders moving in slow guileless shrug. “Well, you could always just tell me, yeah?” The possibility hangs between them for long, fraught moment – and Hux’s eyes are the blue-black of a fresh bruise, his lips twisted as though he is about to shout out the command to raze some rebel outpost to dust. And then he lets go, lips twitching, eyes shuttered and strange. In return Poe closes his own eyes, cheek pressed again to the warmth of one hard thigh. And Hux sighs, fingers too gentle indeed, where they tease light about the curls at one temple. “Perhaps,” he whispers, and it’s not an apology. Poe figures he’s still allowed to take it as one, given the circumstances. Given the personalities. “But not tonight?” he returns, easy challenge, and Hux flicks him, just a little. “But not tonight.” And his own tone turns wondering, rather than warning. “And you have secrets of your own.” Shuffling forward, skin catching just a little on the damp tile, Poe snorts. “Don’t we all?” “Yes. Perhaps. But…some more than others.” He’s thinking of Ren, eyes distant, fingers stilled. Perhaps it is simply inevitable. But Poe is rising, Poe is moving forward, Poe is capturing Hux’s half-opened lips in furious fierce kiss. Poe is here. Poe is the one on his knees before him now. And in that, he supposed he can likely call this as his own victory over the utterly absent Ren. But these are but the earliest days of First Order. And no matter what his win here tonight, it can only ever be just one battle – and never ever the war.