Kylo Ren sat by the window as the bus drove along towards the center of the island. This bus ride was much like the previous bus and boat ride he had to take just to get over here, he sat with his hoodie pulled over his head and headphones stuffed into his ears. His phone ended up dying a long time ago but having the headphones in deterred anyone strange smelling old person from trying to start a conversation with him. He was being made to spend the whole summer with his uncle Luke; his parents thought it would be good for him. Apparently they were closer when Kylo Ren was younger but he didn’t remember any of that so, as far as he was concerned, he was being shipped off to live with a stranger away from all of his friends and the people he actually liked. He was sure that this was going to be the worst summer of his entire life. He sank down a bit in his seat when the bus finally stopped. His ‘vacation’ finally started. Kylo Ren sighed and stood up, grabbing his backpack and slung it over his left shoulder. He shuffled off of the bus, both of his hands stuffed deeply into his pockets. Once off of the bus he squinted his eyes at the glare of the sun as he searched the crowd for his uncle. He caught sight of a slightly round, bright eyes man with a scraggly beard made his way towards him. He assumed that this was his Uncle. “Ben,” Luke exclaimed, a wide smile on his lips. He hadn’t seen his nephew in years, it being difficult to get over and visit after he had moved. He raised a hand to rest on top of his nephew’s head. “You’re almost as tall as me!” “Yeah...” Kylo Ren said slowly and shifted on his feet as he pulled out one of his headphones. It was hot outside and his hoodie was making it worse. “And I go by Kylo Ren now.” A look of surprise and a bit of amusement crossed Luke’s face. He raised his hands up in a bit of a shrug. “Oh, excuse me. Kyle Ren, got it.” “Ky lo .” Luke nodded. “Yes, yes, Kylo. I’ll remember.” He walked over towards the edge of the bus where people were grabbing their luggage from underneath the bus. They grabbed Kylo’s bags and walked back to Luke’s car. It was an old thing, still had a tape deck, and sat low to the ground. The inside was a bit dingy, with a few papers scattered on the ground. Kylo wrinkled his nose a bit as he slid into the passenger's seat. The drive was slow; people from the mainland were arriving in droves so the traffic was starting to build up. He got the usual questions from his uncle; how was he doing in school, what had been going on in his life, any extracurriculars, and so on. Kylo Ren answered, usually one or two sentences, finding the small talk awkward forced. He was glad when they pulled up to his uncle’s house. The house wasn’t anything fancy. A two story apartment built out of gray shingles, and white frames around all of the windows. There were two doors, both a bright red with like, ten feet between the two of them. Kylo thought it looked nice enough. He followed after Luke into the apartment, and was shown around the medium size apartment and to his room. “So,” Luke smiled and clapped his hands together. “Want to go grab something to eat? I’ve got food in the kitchen but I could show you my favorite place to eat.” “Uh,” Kylo shifted again. “I’m actually kinda tired. Plus I ate already...so, I’m gonna relax.” Luke’s mouth formed into an small ‘o’, his hands moving to slip into his back pockets. “Okay,” he said and rocked onto his toes for a moment before rocking back again. “Um, well, I’m gonna be at work for a lot of tomorrow so you’ll be on your own for a bit. You can explore around a bit, just make sure you’re back here by six o’clock, alright?” “Yeah.” He rocked up on his toes, his lips pressed into a tight line that pulled back at the corners, and then turned on his feet and headed to the only other bedroom in the house. It was a medium size room, with a bed already made up and a dresser. He decided to unpack his stuff later and just flopped down on the bed, scrolling through some text from his friends back home. He sighed; it was going to be a long summer.