He felt weak. It wasn't a tired weakness, or a pain weakness, but a bone-deep sort of weakness that radiated through his whole body. He wanted to pace, to test his cell, to appear strong and powerful in the Force. But he could not muster the energy to get off his cot. Kylo Ren had been in Resistance custody for a week. In the time since his capture he had seen only one person, the traitor calling himself Finn. He had volunteered to bring Kylo's meals to him, though to gloat or to gawk, Kylo didn't know. The young man never said much outside of, "It's pasta today", and "They were out of pie in the mess so I brought fruit instead". There was an earnestness to him that made Kylo's stomach turn. It felt familiar, and he didn't know why. The door rattled and he closed his eyes. Right on time. He braced himself against the shifting in the force as the traitor entered. The traitor was force sensitive, but unaware of it. Likely no one knew yet, not even the General. First Order training involved very early lessons on resisting the force, which included the force inside oneself. There were a few force sensitive children among their ranks. By year five, they were almost imperceptible to even the strongest force user. But the training was wearing away with each day Finn spent among the Resistance. Every conversation, every touch broke down the layers of his years with the First Order. Soon he would know, and so would everyone else. "Something called lasagna?" Finn said, depositing a tray on the small table by the bed. "I've never heard of it but it's pretty great." He didn't wait for a response; he never did. The traitor wasn't stupid. He left, locking the door behind him. Kylo drew himself up, lifting the lid from the tray. Two servings of lunch sat there, along with a large bottle water and some kind of pastry. He set the lid back down and pressed his back to the wall, drawing his knees up and wrapping his arms around them. He had so little opportunity to exercise his self-control anymore that he had to take victories where he could. Self-denial was one of his earliest lessons, and one he still struggled with. He had failed yesterday. But he would not fail today. When the traitor returned tomorrow, Kylo was determined that the tray would be untouched. "Aren't you going to eat?" came a voice, ringing though his cell and his mind. Kylo's body went stiff and he wondered briefly if he was going mad. He had hoped it would take a lot longer than this. But he saw a flicker of light in the corner of the room. It moved across his vision and as it moved, it gained form. By the time it had crossed to stand in front of him, it was a man. He had his arms crossed and his bright eyes were watching Kylo with an unreadable expression. "I bet it's delicious." It was a force ghost. Kylo had never actually seen one but he knew enough to recognize one. He could feel the force shifting and bending around the apparition. He smelled hot baked earth and tasted wildflowers in the back of his throat. There was a tilt to the man's mouth that reminded him of his - of someone. "Who are you?" he demanded, keeping his voice low. The man shook his head, looking rueful. "No, I don't suppose you would recognize me. This isn't the face you would have expected." He moved a little closer and Kylo fought the urge to shrink back. "It's good to finally meet you, Ben," the man said, and Kylo felt the name like a punch to the gut. "My name is Anakin." For a moment, his mind was terrifyingly blank. Anakin. Anakin. Anakin. The name bounced around his skull, cacophonous and bright, and he shook his head hard to try and clear it. "I am not Ben," he finally managed, and was humiliated at how choked he sounded. Anakin tilted his head. "I wasn't Anakin for a long time," he said. "But I am now." He spread his hands. "Were you expecting a scarred shell of metal? I was handsome once. The last time I was Anakin, this was how I looked. It's how I would prefer to be remembered." He lowered his hands. "Of course, I have no control over that." "What are you doing here?" Kylo asked, bringing his voice back under control. "I would have been here much sooner," Anakin said. "You were impossible to reach until now. But my daughter is here, and so I am too." His daughter. Kylo let his mind cast out for just a moment and there she was, a brilliant sun of power among the milling crowds. He was always painfully aware of her. Her energy called to his, always. He blocked her out with some effort, bringing himself back to the conversation at hand. "Why are you here?" He had thought about this so many times, but he knew this was not the meeting he had dreamed about. "Son -" Anakin began. "I am not your son," Kylo snapped. Anakin raised a hand in surrender. "Kylo, then," he said, and something about the way he said it, the tone of his voice, made the chosen name sound wrong. "Is it so hard to believe that I just wanted to meet you?" "Yes," Kylo said immediately, and the man laughed. The sound was achingly familiar. "Smart boy." The man moved idly around the cell, biting at his thumbnail. The nervous habit of a living man, still imprinted on his life force. "I HAVE wanted to meet you," he continued. "Though obviously, I'd have preferred it were under different circumstances." He turned back to face Kylo. "You look so like your father." "My father is dead," Kylo said, and now his voice was shaking. Anakin raised an eyebrow. "Yes, he is. How do you feel about that?" Kylo's next sentence, ready to lash into the man, stuttered to a halt. He shut his mouth and swallowed hard. Any answer he could give would show too much, would tell this man far too much. Anakin's eyes were keen and sharp, and Kylo felt himself shrink a little under them. He turned his face away, feeling defeated. Anakin shook his head and sighed. "This isn't a test or a trap," he said, and the exasperation in his voice rang of the General, and Kylo could see her in him. "It's a question. You are my grandson, I love you. You killed your father, and I want to know how you feel." He spoke so calmly, so matter-of-fact. Kylo tried, but he could detect no anger or hatred or disgust or judgment in the man's voice. Just affection and annoyance. Kylo shook his head. He chest felt cracked open and raw and the conversation had already exhausted him. "I don't know," he said, and it was the first honest answer he had given since his capture. Anakin nodded, looking satisfied. "Okay," he said. "I know when to bow out of a conversation. I have tact. Sometimes." He smiled, crooked and self-deprecating. "I'm going to go now but I will see you again soon." The image began to fade, but before it did, Anakin's voice added, "Eat something, for goodness sake. You're already losing weight." And then he was gone, and Kylo was alone again in his cell. He reached out a shaking hand and drew the tray of food to him, mechanically lifting the lid and beginning to eat. He didn't taste it, but the warmth of the meal spread through him, easing some of his exhaustion. He told himself it wasn't because his grandfather had told him to; he was eating because his self-control had been tested enough for one day. He almost believed it. Chapter 2 Kylo tried to forget about the meeting. He tried to ignore how pleased Finn seemed with his empty food tray. He pretended not to notice how every tray since had carried an extra helping. Kylo was becoming very good at lying to himself. Or perhaps he always had been. "I think I miss food the most," Anakin said, the next time he appeared. Kylo was eating, and his fork paused before resuming its movements. He resisted the prickling of the force along his skin. "I loved food," Anakin continued, moving into Kylo's view. "I had so little of it as a youngling, and what I had usually tasted like sand." He made a face. But then he sobered and said, "The first time I tasted candy, I cried. I had no idea something so sweet existed in the galaxy." Kylo scoffed. "Pathetic," he said, and Anakin laughed again. "Maybe," he said without anger. "I have always had my weaknesses. Everyone does. I have a feeling you and I share a few." Kylo cocked an eyebrow at him. "And what would those be?" he asked, proud of the steadiness in his voice. Anakin gave him a terrifyingly knowing and affectionate look. "I think we'll save that discussion for another time," he said. "It's one I'd like to practice beforehand, if you don't mind." "Practice?" "I'm still new to parenting," Anakin said. "Forgive me my insecurities." "No." Anakin's smile was bright but there was an edge there, a sharpness to the glitter in his eyes, and for the first time Kylo knew this was Darth Vader. He could see the dark side in him. "You have a wicked tongue," he said. "But you come by it honestly. You are a Skywalker, after all." Kylo wanted to argue that, but he didn't. It was true, and he couldn't deny it to this man, of all people. "To what do I owe the honor of this visit?" he asked instead, employing his wicked Skywalker tongue to convey both annoyance and mockery. But the sarcasm hurt; it would have been an honor once, a long time ago. Anakin shrugged. "I came to see my grandson," he said. "I enjoy your company." "Liar," Kylo said. No one enjoyed his company. "I'm not lying," Anakin said, "though I'm not surprised you can't tell the difference." He moved towards the bed and seemed to sit down on it, though of course he had no physical form to actually do so. "I spent my life running from my responsibilities," he said. "And now I find myself desperately trying to gain them back. It's too late, but I try anyway." He chuckled softly. "I was never the smart one in the marriage." Sharp curiosity struck Kylo at the mention of his grandmother. He knew so little about her. "Her name was Padme," he said slowly. Asking for information, inviting a conversation while desperately hoping not to seem like he was. Anakin latched into the subject of his wife as Kylo had hoped. "Padme," he agreed, a dreamy tone to his voice. "She was.... brilliant. All I ever wanted was to be hers. From the moment I saw her. I didn't even really know what it meant, just that I belonged to her." His little smile faded but the tone of his voice remained strangely soft as he continued, "I tried to kill her, you know." Kylo hadn't known that. And he regretted knowing it the moment the words were spoken. The thought made him feel a little sick, though he didn't know why. "I was blinded by my fear and anger," Anakin continued, merciless. Cruel. "I thought she had betrayed me. That she was sleeping with the man I considered a brother. I was so stupid. I wielded the force against my wife and I nearly killed her." Anakin looked at Kylo and his eyes were flat. Kylo found himself caught in them. "She pregnant with our children. With your mother. I nearly killed them, too. My son. My daughter. Two more in the list of youngling lives I had taken." "Stop!" Kylo's voice was raw and harsh, and he shocked himself with how pained he felt. "Stop," he repeated, a little weaker. Anakin watched him, calm. So horribly calm. "Am I still lying, Kylo? Can you tell the difference yet?" Kylo didn't respond. He couldn't. "I will never lie to you," Anakin continued. "Not because I love you - and I do love you - but because you lost the right to hide from painful truths. As did I. We don't have the right to pretend. We gave it up. Now, son.... am I lying to you?" Kylo shook his head, swallowing past the aching lump in his throat. "No," he whispered. "Good." Anakin sighed. "I'm not here to hurt you," he said. "But this journey will hurt, and I will not lie to you about it. You and I, we have done unspeakable, unforgivable things. But sometimes, we are gifted with forgiveness anyway. And that will hurt, too." He stood. "But forgiveness is a discussion for another time. I've given you enough to think about for one day." His hand reached out and Kylo flinched from it, even though it passed right through his cheek. "I'll see you soon." Then, he was gone, and Kylo was left alone with his thoughts. They were loud and awful, and he understood how Anakin Skywalker had managed to hold a galaxy in the palm of his hand. Chapter 3 Kylo spent days shaken from the last encounter with his grandfather. He ate less, and woke often in the night, covered in cold sweat and shivering, dark dreams still hovering in his mind. He hoped desperately that the man would not return. He felt weaker than ever, and he wondered if Anakin was preparing him for something. Fattening him up like an animal for slaughter. But when Anakin next returned, he didn't speak of painful things. He talked about pod racing. Anakin spoke with real joy about how it had felt to race, how much he had loved it, how happy he had been when he won. He didn't try to draw Kylo into a conversation. He just talked, and Kylo let his voice wash over him. It was.... more comforting than he would admit to himself. He slept better that night than he had in a week. Anakin came again a few days later. Kylo had spent two long hours in the company of the General. She asked questions in a voice that was tightly controlled. She tried so hard to pretend he was just a prisoner. Kylo hadn't felt the need to be cruel and force her to acknowledge him. He had answered her questions. The war was over. He had nothing to lose anymore. There was no reason to lie, not about the First Order. But he felt drained by her presence; the bright sun of her force tried to draw him in, over and over, and resisting it was becoming a struggle. "You spoke to your mother today," was the first thing Anakin said, because being cruel wasn't a problem for him, apparently. Kylo flinched and then inwardly cursed himself for it. "Yes," he said coldly. "She's something, isn't she?" Anakin moved in view. "She's a lot more like me than she'll admit, but there's so much of her mother there. And some Obi-Wan, too. Some days, I still wonder..." He shook his head and gave a small smile. "I'm not immune to jealousy, even now." "You doubt she is your daughter?" Kylo asked, voice flat. "No, not really," Anakin said. "But he was more of a father to my children than I ever was." "My father was no father at all," Kylo said bitterly. Anakin watched him for a long moment. "I'm not going to argue with you," he said. "You have robbed him of any chance to make it up to you, so there would be no point." And there it was again, that calm cruelty. "How does it make you feel, Kylo, that he's gone?" "Annoyed," Kylo bit out, "at your inane questions." Anakin laughed a little. "Alright," he said easily, accepting the lie. "Let's talk about something else then. Let's talk about women." Kylo looked up sharply at Anakin, startled. Anakin laughed and held up a hand. "Not like that," he said, voice warm. "I doubt either of us would survive that conversation." A small huff of almost laughter escaped Kylo, and something hard in his chest shook loose just the tiniest bit. "I don't suppose Force Ghosts can blush but it would be amusing to see nonetheless." Anakin grinned. "Already teasing your poor grandfather," he said. His smile softened to something almost pitying and Kylo felt dread overtake the amusement. "You know which woman I'm talking about." Of course he did. Of course. He had seen her only once since their last meeting, when she'd branded his face with his own weakness and failure. He had seen her across a battlefield and the look she had given him made him sick even now. He felt cheated. They should have been allowed to fight each other, to finally see who was the stronger. But he'd been denied that closure. And now she was an unfinished story that he tried desperately not to think about. "She's not here," Anakin said, and of course Kylo knew that. He couldn't feel her anywhere near. "But she will be, eventually. She will come back." "To kill me," Kylo said, and the thought was almost comforting. "No," Anakin said with a little laugh. "No, I don't think so. You won't be allowed to take the easy way out, like I did. You will live with the consequences of your actions, and it will take far more strength than I ever had." Kylo frowned at him. "I don't understand." "You will," Anakin said, unconcerned. "But we’re getting off topic. What's her name?" "Surely you already know," Kylo said, turning away from him. "I do," Anakin said. "But I want to hear you say it. Tell me her name, son." Kylo's breath was coming hard now, his hands clenched into fists. "Her name," he said through gritted teeth, "is Rey." "Oof," Anakin winced with apparent sympathy. "A hell of a lot of emotion bubbling behind that one little word, isn't there?" Kylo wanted to deny it, but lying to Anakin had never worked. The man saw right through him. “She scarred me,” he said, voice shaking a little. “That’s an interesting choice of words,” Anakin said. “She scarred you; not your face, but you. Now, I may not have all the details but from what I understand, she was perfectly justified in her actions.” When Kylo didn’t respond, he continued, “This ability you’ve developed, to invade a person’s mind, you used it against her. You captured her and threatened her life. Based on what I’ve gathered about this young woman, I’m surprised a scar is all you walked away with.” Kylo refused to meet Anakin’s eyes. He could still feel her in his mind, the raw violation of it. Anakin continued still, merciless as always. “You’re sick with guilt because she turned your violation back on you,” he said. “And now you know what it felt like. Now you know firsthand the crimes you’ve committed.” “Yes,” Kylo ground out. He was trembling, a cold sweat prickling his skin. “Is that what you’re looking for? An admission of guilt? I violated her. I killed people.” “Do you regret it?” Kylo let out a pained breath, a mockery of a laugh. “I don’t know,” he managed, feeling the press of tears behind his eyes and hating himself for it. “That,” Anakin said, his voice soft and kind, “was the truth. I love you.” And then he was gone, and Kylo was alone with himself once again. Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The next time Finn brought food to Kylo’s cell, he found himself giving a soft, “Thank you.” Finn had stopped, stunned, but then had shrugged and left. Kylo was embarrassed by the interaction, but not as much as he wanted to be. “You should speak to your mother,” Anakin said without preamble the next time he appeared. Kylo rolled his eyes, setting aside the book he’d been reading. “And what? Beg for forgiveness?” Anakin laughed a little. “Oh, no. Forgiveness is something you earn, not ask for. And you may never earn it.” “Then what would be the point?” Kylo asked tightly. “The point is being better,” Anakin said. “Kylo, I died. And it was easy. I gave my life to save my son, but I died. My children have had to live with the consequences of my actions; they have been burdened with my legacy. You don’t’ have that option. You are young and healthy, and you will likely live a long life. You must have the strength to live with your own actions. It’s something I never did.” Kylo didn’t want to have this conversation. “Why do I need to speak to my mother?” Anakin blinked, as if realizing he’d been side-tracked. “Oh. Because you love her, and she’s in pain.” Kylo threw his hands in the air and made a frustrated noise. “It’s that easy?” he demanded, voice raising. “Just talk to her? What the hell am I supposed to say?” “Do you love your mother?” Anakin asked. “You’ve already decided that I do; why should I argue?” Kylo said. Anakin raised his eyebrows. “You’re very adept at avoiding questions, but I am not so blind to miss that you didn’t answer me. Do you love your mother?” “Yes,” Kylo said flatly. “Then start with that, and see where the conversation goes.” Kylo sighed in a violent rush of breath, rubbing his hands hard over his face. He stood and began to pace, agitated. “I’m afraid,” he bit out. “That’s the truth,” Anakin said, and he sounded pleased by it. “Of what?” Kylo shook his head. “I don’t know.” “More truth; you’re getting better at this.” “This isn’t a game!” Kylo burst out, and the glass of water on his table shattered. He stared at the shards, breathing heavily, shame welling up in him. He hadn’t lost control like that in years. “No, it’s not,” Anakin said in the ringing silence that followed. “You murdered your father and now your mother is here, desperately wishing you would just speak to her. It’s not a game.” Kylo sat down hard on the bed. “I don’t know if I can,” he admitted, his face in his hands, his voice soft and cracked. “I’m weak.” “A weakness is not the same as a flaw,” Anakin said softly. “It is not a character flaw to be weak. Everyone should be, sometimes. Let yourself be weak sometimes, son.” Kylo slumped, exhaustion seeping into his bones. “I’ll talk to her,” he whispered. “I know you will,” Anakin said. “I love you, Ben.” Kylo didn’t move for a very long time. Notes: Short chapter this time, there's two more coming Chapter 5 Kylo asked for his mother. She was at his cell within minutes; and the look on her face told him she’d been waiting for this. He remembered Anakin’s voice, and when she came in, guarded but hopeful, he forced himself to choke out, “I love you.” He watched the devastation crumple her face, and he wondered why he was still hurting her, even now. “I love you too, Ben,” she said. He fought for words. “I’m sorry” didn’t feel true yet. “I don’t know what else to say.” She shook her head, a hand pressed to her throat. “This is enough,” she said, and he could hear the unshed tears in her voice. “This is enough.” She moved forward and pressed a hand to his shoulder. The struggle not to lean into her touch was physically painful. Then she left, shutting the door quietly behind her. He sank to the floor, pressing his back to the wall. He had killed her husband. Leia had loved Han with all her being and Kylo had taken that man from her. His father. His father. She would look at him and see the man who killed her husband, for the rest of their lives. He missed his father. He missed his father. When it hit him, it was like something old and under immense pressure had finally broken open. He’d thought he was numb to grief, that he could let it wash over him like a wave and disappear, but the ocean was inside him and while he’d kept his balance, it was still. But now it was a sea at rage, pounding against his ribs, rising up to fill his lungs, choking him with salt. He was drowning in it. He coughed and gagged, and in doing so realized that he was sobbing so hard that he could barely breath with it. “Oh, my boy,” came Anakin’s voice, and Kylo could feel his presence as the apparition crouched at his side. “I am so sorry.” “H-How do people survive this?” Kylo gasped through his choking sobs. “I can’t, I can’t do this, I can’t live like this.” Anakin gave a sad little smile. “Yes, you can. You’d be surprised the kind of grief a person can live through. Ask your mother.” He stood and moved slowly, watching Kylo. “Your father is dead,” he said, voice still soft, but more matter-of-fact. “You killed him. How do you feel?” Kylo rocked back and forth a few times, hard enough to rattle his body as it slammed against the wall. “I miss him,” he finally said, the words pushing past years of denial. “I regret it, I want to take it back, I didn’t mean it.” He looked up at his grandfather. “Make it stop,” he pleaded. Anakin shook his head. “I can’t,” he said. “And I wouldn’t even if I could. I told you before, people like us don’t have the right to run from this. You have to endure this, Kylo. These are the consequences of your actions.” He straightened a little. “Am I lying?” Kylo shook his head. “No,” he gasped out, swallowing hard against the bile in his throat. But then he looked up at him. Allowing himself a small weakness. “Stay?” “Of course.” The force ghost settled onto the ground next to him, and they both went silent. These were the consequences of his actions. He wondered how many people had felt like this because of his actions. How many lives had he taken, and left this devastation behind? He had never hated himself as much as he did then. These were the consequences of his actions. Chapter 6 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The incident with his mother left Kylo feeling raw and scraped clean for a long time. But the hollow feeling came with a new lightness, a lifting of some invisible weight, and it was terrifying. He could feel something shifting inside him. He didn’t think he was ready for it. He asked for more books. He asked for time to be outside. For the first time, he asked why he was still in a cell. He was told that no one could decide what to do with him, and they were waiting for Master Luke to return with his apprentice, so they could ask for his guidance. He was given the books he asked for, and was given time outside, under heavy guard. He had no idea why he was allowed these things, though he suspected his mother’s hand. “You look good,” Anakin said, the next time he appeared. “I don’t feel good,” Kylo responded, stretched out on his cot with his arms behind his head. Anakin smiled a little. “I know. It’s hurts. It’s going to do that for a long time.” “Will it ever stop?” he asked. “How should I know?” Anakin said. “I died.” Kylo let out a short huff of laughter. “I’d take an educated guess.” “Well then I would say no, probably not,” Anakin said. “But not all pain is bad. My mother used to say, ‘it has to hurt if it’s to heal’.” “Then you’re right,” Kylo said, voice dull. “It will never stop.” Anakin sighed. “She’s coming back, you know,” he said, and Kylo didn’t have to ask who he meant. “It’s time.” “Time for what?” “We talked about forgiveness before,” Anakin said. “I told you that it’s something you had to earn, and maybe then you never would? That’s still true. Rey-” Kylo flinched at her name but Anakin soldiered on, and Kylo knew that this was mercy, of a sort, his refusal to coddle him, “will be here soon,” Anakin continued. “And you are going to have the chance to try and earn her forgiveness.” “What makes you think I want it?” Anakin gave him one of his painfully knowing looks. “Because we share a few of the same weaknesses, you and I. And I know my grandson.” “What if I can’t?” Kylo asked, and he hated the plaintive note in his voice. “Then you don’t.” Anakin was firm, not harsh but not giving him an inch. “You could live another hundred years and never earn the forgiveness of a single person you’ve hurt. The point is not to actually be forgiven, but to strive for it. Be better. Do better. And know every single moment how lucky you are to have the chance.” “So I should spend my life begging for scraps on the slim chance someone will take pity on me?” Kylo sat up to glare at Anakin, his voice bitter. Anakin shook his head. “It isn’t about you. You have put so much pain into this world. You’ve taken so many lives and violated so many people. It is now your job, your duty to work to balance all the evil that you’ve done. And you will feel no peace until you try.” It had only been a few months, but Kylo felt so far removed from his former life. He felt older. “I’m scared,” he said. “I know.” “And I am weak.” “I know that too.” “And….” Kylo swallowed hard. “And I’m tired of hurting people. I don’t want to do it anymore.” “I know.” There was a finality to Anakin’s voice, and Kylo felt like he’d won something. This was a victory, but he wasn’t sure what kind yet. “So what are you going to do?” Kylo took a deep breath, and it felt like the first time he’d breathed freely in years. “I’m going to work.” Anakin smiled. “I’ll see you soon.” When he was gone, Kylo went to his window. He would see ships arriving, and he knew from the pulsing suns of power on them that Luke Skywalker and his apprentice had arrived. Rey. Her name was Rey. And she had scarred him. And he was going to spend the rest of his life trying to earn her forgiveness, because it was too late for everyone else he had wronged. And if she denied him, then he would accept that. He had a lot of work ahead of him. It was always going to hurt, and he didn’t think he’d ever stop hating himself. But there was at least one person he loved who still loved him, and the gratitude he felt towards her nearly choked him. Kylo would do this, because these were the consequences of his actions, and he was grateful for them. And that was not a lie. He knew the difference now. Notes: okay, here it is, finished. very little editing actually went on lol, so I wouldn't be surprised if there's a few mistakes. thank you for reading the thing that wouldn't leave me alone at work one day. i'm janekrahe on tumblr if you're interested in that Notes: I banged this out pretty quickly because I knew if I didn't finish it in one night, I wouldn't finish it at all. So please forgive any spelling/grammar errors. I've done minimal editing.