I The sun blazed down on this planet, on him hard like he was some bug under a magnifying glass. His dark clothes did help defend against the sun’s rays but the heat. The gust of wind and sand passing him did not cool him but aerated him. He hates sand just like his grandfather did. “This energy,” He waves his hand in front of him, “Familiar. I can see why the girl choose this place.” He put his hand up to mask wiping the visor. Now he can see the group of men, resistance scum, in front of him. One dared to raise his blaster at him, “Put down your weapons!” his voice betrayed him showing his fear, “You’re surrounded!” Kylo looked to his left than his right. The sand had settled, the air going still as the massive groups of resistance soldiers surrounded his perimeter. “Don’t you see you're surrounded? Now drop your weapons!” He almost wanted to laugh are their foolish bravery. Sacrificing themselves for one woman, one former Nightsister turned Jedi by Skywalker’s false teaching. He grabbed and unlatched his lightsaber from his belt. “The only thing that surrounds me is fear and dead men.” He ignited his saber before running forward and slashing down the soldier giving the orders. Oh less piece of trash to listen too. “Sir, the base has be compromised.” The Resistance lieutenant of this base said with panic in his voice. You sat there in a Jedi meditation position. “Get your men out of the base. I will deal with Kylo Ren.” You stood up slowly and took off the black cloak. It has been sometime since you had to Kylo Ren one on one again. Not since the Taris blockage the First Order put on the innocent planet. You will never forgive Ren for the needless death of billions. You turned to face the lieutenant, “I will be fine.” You can hear the man’s worried thoughts about. He had to nod, he can't disobey your order because this was a fight that he nor his men could handle. She reach out a hand patting his shoulder. “Go.” The screams and blaster fire came closer and the sense of internal conflict grew closer. “Go now!” The lieutenant ran off and out the side entrance to go gather his troopers and evacuate the base. The blast doors of your training room crushed inward the pulled apart. “Jedi.” Was the first word Ren spoke. “Dark Jedi.” Was your response to him calling out your title. The heavy door fell from there floating position the moment Ren drop his hands, “Has been a long time.” He walked slowly letting each step echo when it hit the metal flooring. “Last I saw you, you were dressed like a smuggler and now look at you.” A hand gestured to your body, “Dressed like you are a Jedi knight.” “And look at you still dressed like trashy edge moody teenager. What haven't gotten out of your “this is not phase, mom” phase?” You taunted. Ren chuckled at least you think he did, hard to tell with the mask. “Still as snarky as ever.” You grabbed both your dual lightsaber activating and getting into your fighting stance. “Step no further.” You warn, “I will not hesitate to cut your head off.” “Just like you cut off my arm?” He was teasing you but he did stop walking, “Must thank you for that, Jedi.” Ah, yes the creepy obsession with Darth Vader. No wonder he laughed after you did that. “You are a sick man.” You growled out, grip tightening over the handle of your sabers. “Says the girl who allowed a Dark Lord possess her body.” He reached for his saber, “How are you, Lord Revan? I expect the girl’s body is to your liking?” You glared at him as he openly called out your master. The foreign Force in you stirred, Revan was not pleased. We must leave . As much you would like to Kylo was blocking your way and it wouldn't give the Resistance members time to escape. “What are you talking about?” He rolled his head to the side, “Don't be obtuse, Jedi. You and I both know it’s impossible to lie to me.” You took a sharp intake of air through your nose. He can sense your anger as well as your fear. He took a step forward and you were at him. Back on Taris, Ren underestimated your skills resulting in him losing his right arm. Now on Tatooine he did not underestimate you, he was ready. Your Jedi teaching had a flaw, all do, and when he found he exploited it. Though he not expect you really recover from his brutal strikes. Using the Force like a shield to stop his saber from piercing your shoulder. He push his saber more sparks flying mixing against the blue around your hand. You looked right into his visor seeing a reflection of yourself. Sweaty with light tore clothing from his saber barely gazing you. “Give,” He growled behind the mask, “Up!” His commlink went off, “You can't escape, (Name). Not this time.” You gathered your strength to push him back. He stopped himself from hitting the wall. “The Force fights with me!” You said. The kaber krystal from your ruin lightsaber floated to your hand. Charging it with Force lighting before throwing it at the dark Jedi. A risky move to use the crystal as grenade but he expects no less from you. He jump out the way, reaching a hand out to shove you against the far wall then sliding and tossing your body out of the room through the side entrance. “You have gotten better.” His mask is ruined cut from your attack to cut his head off. You can see the scar rumors said a scavenger caused. You looked up at him from the floor, forced to stay down. You may have damaged your leg. “I have a good master.” “Which one? Jedi or Sith?” You didn't respond and looked down. He gave a hum, “Send in the bombers. I want this place leveled.” You looked up at him wide eyed. “And inform Captain Phasma to prepare a interrogation room.” Chapter 2 : II Loud screaming of agony filled the small interrogation room, the First Order interrogation officer kept the electro shock stick against the battered male rodian Resistance scout. Ren kept on hand on your shoulder holding you in place in the metal chair, his other hand out aimed at the rodian. You were strapped in the chair by your arms and feet. “Stop it!” You kept shouting with tears streaming down your face. You can feel the Resistance scout’s pain, Ren made sure of that. Even with the Force prohiber collar on, the Jedi Killer was able to connect to the Force when he liked. “Please no more.” You said with your head down and eyes closed. The electro shock torture killed the alien. “No more.” Your voice soft. The officer looked at the Commander and Ren nodded giving the signal for the officer to leave. “See what you do to yourself, (Name)?” He now placed both hands on your shoulders, leaning down so the mouthpiece of his new mask touched the side of your face. “I may not be able to physically hurt you because of our bond but I can hurt you mentally.” He moved his hand to tilt your head up facing him. You opened your eyes looking at him, “I know how to hurt you.” You shook a little as a sob escaped you. “Kylo, you--” “That is it for your punishment but the next time I’ll not hesitant to take more from you.” You turned your head once he got away from you. “You will be moved to holding cell until I return.” You didn't bother to reply, to emotionally exhausted from the torture. Two troopers entered as he left. They unstrapped you from the chair and dragged you away. You vaguely remember the halls of the Finalizer from Ren’s memories. One of the perks of having a Force bond with someone, memory sharing. Thus why you never wanted to go the main base of operations of the Resistance or meet General Organa in person. Always a middleman to relay messages. Your feet dragged against the clean black floors. The troopers had to use their strength to hold you up until they got to your holding cell. One push the button to open the door, both tossed you inside leaving on the floor, then the same one push the button to close the door. Alone. Alone with your own thoughts and not his thoughts intruding in yours. The Force prohiber allow you this relief. You laid on the metal bed in the room, slightly uneven and uncomfortable but that was expected. You weren't a guest on this ship, you are a prisoner. Kylo’s prisoner. You rolled over on your side facing the door. Closing your eyes hoping that a dream will take you away from this living nightmare. “Ben Solo is dead.” You looked at him watching his remove his helmet and slam it down onto his tray of ashes. The ashes of his enemies, ashes of the fallen Jedi. That ash tray made your stomach twist slightly. “You say that but I still see him.” You didn't try to hide yourself when he looked over his shoulder at you. “The cocky arrogant kid who thought he was entitled to any and everything.” He turned his body to face you directly. “Ben Solo made me sick and so does Kylo Ren.” You didn't mince your words even if he threaten before taking you out of your cell after a week of no food or care, to return you to your cell to undergo another week of suffering. “Sit. Food will be arriving in a moment.” He left to that creepy room with Vader's helmet. You really wished he never found that. Once again Vader ruins another life. You sat down on his bed since it was the place to sit in his plain nearly empty room. “ Just like in temple .” Ben’s room was like this, empty void of feeling and attachment. He hasn't changed, only in name and clothing maybe. Your hands rubbed against the sheets then stopped when a beep sounded and a droid holding a tray of food came in. It walked over to you handing out the tray that you took. It turned around and left, the locks of the metal door sounded. Guess no escape at the moment. You placed the tray on your lap unsure if you should eat or put it off. Death by starvation is an option you are thinking about. “ Not very honorable death.” Once again you reminded of the Force Bond. He knows what you were tempted to do and forced you to eat. His will to keep you alive. “Like you know the meaning of what honor is.” You out loud. You had to use your fingers to pick up the small cubes of food and popping them in your mouth. Not very tasty which is to be accepted of the military food. Once your tray was empty you set it down on the floor then laid yourself down on the bed. As much as it isn’t a good idea to put your guard down your body was too weak not given to just sleep on a bed better than the metal bed in your cell. You closed your eyes letting darkness overtake you. You woke up from a dreamless sleep and feeling extremely warm, and something against your back. Or rather someone. Kylo must have taken advantage of your sleeping form, laid wrapped his arms around your upper chest and pulled you close to him. In a sick way it soothe you this moment of affection. You closed your eyes again trying to picture that it wasn’t Kylo holding you but someone else. In the Jedi Academy you had a crush on a boy named Jaden Korr. A tall, brunette with striking grey eyes and a lovely voice. He matured faster than most of the boys there so he was the eye candy of the academy before Ben grew up of course. You tried to picture how Jaden would hold you, how he felt against your back, how it would be like to have been bonded to him. You shirked away the best that you could when Kylo’s lips touched the back of your ear. “You know he was in love with Rosh.” He teased you.. “Must you ruin everything for me?” You looked over your shoulder, “I want to sleep in peace.” He let go of you letting you turn and face him completely with your back against the wall. “I want to go back to my cell.” “To get away from me?” “Yes why else?!” Your voice a low harsh yell. He stared at your face for a minute before going and laying on his back, “No, not yet.” You opened your mouth demand answer but couldn’t. “Just don’t rape me….” Your voice small not hiding your fear. He turned his head to look at your again. You looked at him watching the way his eyes glanced down at your body before he looked back at the ceiling, “Goodnight, (Name).”