Prisoner At War It was the annoying simplicity of his capture that frustrated him the most. Hux, the General of the First Order, taken as a prisoner of war by mere Resistance fools . It was laughable, almost. Hux knew he had made a mistake when he ordered an immediate attack on the newly found Resistance base—headquarters, no less. It was located on a sparsely populated planet in the middle-rim by the name of Xer'tah II. An easy target. After the destruction of Starkiller base, Hux sought to carve deeper holes against the Resistance. With the elimination of the Galactic Republic, which was slowly under re-construction, Hux saw the Order had a gaping advantage. Before any plans could come into play, the Resistance leveled out w ith the obliteration of Starkiller base, at the price of the death of the infamous smuggler, Han Solo . It did not matter, still. Hux was ultimately displeased with this outcome. F rustrated and unwittingly brash, when Hux finally saw his chance to get back at attacking the Resistance , he took i t. Unfortunately for the General, h e was a fraction too early . And he fell...into the clutches of the enemy. It didn't bother him, actually. It was worse that his plan had failed—no doubt the Supreme Leader would be furious—but he knew his troops would rescue their precious General in a matter of moments. For now, his top priority was to stay silent and calm, and, at the same time, manage a sense of unbreakable dignity. That was not very hard for the General in any situation. Hux momentarily let himself ponder on what his captors intended on doing. He wasn't afraid, just curious. It was no secret that the Resistance was much more merciful than the First Order, which was a relief, too. Maybe they would still torture the most wanted General in the galaxy, especially since he had been the one to order the destruction of the Republic. Hux figured that they'll question him, but that didn't matter. He would rather, and could, endure torture, or die, even, than reveal anything to the Resistance. Now, he was being led through the endless corridors of the underground of the Resistance base. Hux carefully mapped out the tunnels in his head, even if he, admittedly, was having a hard time remembering. Behind him, the Resistance grunt prodded him in between his shoulder blades to tell him to move faster. In front of him, a tall man with raven hair pulled in a ponytail and dressed in a white button-down shirt and a blue vest chaperoned. It was Ben Solo; that was obvious. The son of Leia Organa-Solo and Han Solo. Hux had heard many stories about this person. He was rumored to be gifted with the Force. Maybe that's why he was able to capture Hux so easily. On his starboard side, another Force-user marched. She was a short female clothed in tan robes and wielded a threatening-looking staff. She had her hair up in buns. Three of them, actually. Could you become any more conspicuous? Hux thought with a snort, which, thankfully, was left ignored. To his left, the last member of the group stood. He was a furry, but not any less threatening, Wookiee— Solo's Wookiee. Hux smiled at the fact that Solo's Wookiee was now torn from his lifelong companion. A fitting punishment for being involved in the destruction of Starkiller. “To your right,” Ben said, and motioned to a room. The door was open, and Hux peered into it curiously. It was unneeded, as he was suddenly pushed inside by the guard that flanked him. It was a pity the only thing he could do was hiss at the grunt. Ben seemed particularly amused by his reaction. Fuck him. “General Hux of the First Order,” Ben said in a booming voice, moving a loose strand of hair behind his ear, “This is your prison cell. Please make yourself comfortable. You probably won't be getting out anytime soon.” The mocking tone in the Solo's words made Hux's gears grind. He kept his composure as stable as possible. The grunt stepped up, keys jingling in his rather chubby palm, and he jabbed said key inside Hux's cuffs, unlocking them successfully. “Generously, we'll allow you to settle before questioning you.” Ben's chin lifted up almost snobbishly as he spoke the words. Hux did not reply. “Take off the cuffs, and let's go.” Rey stepped forward cautiously, taking Hux's cuffs off quickly before stepping out, closing the door and locking it. Hux rubbed his sore wrists, and looked around the room. As he expected, there was bare minimum amount of furniture, but that didn't disappoint him. There was a stiff-looking cot on the left wall, and a desk tucked in a corner on the right. A clock hung on the wall, telling the time and the day. Hux smiled bitterly at that. How clever . Hux walked to the desk, sitting down on the white chair and smoothing his hair back. The waiting game. Hux was a master at it. I will not be broken. ----- When he decided to pace around the room, it wasn't out of boredom. Hux was simply thinking too much. Thinking too much about nothing. The brightness of the unseen lights on the white walls gave him a headache too distracting to think. Everything here is white! After awhile, Hux slumped back on the white chair and closed his eyes. Finally, all he could see was darkness. It was relieving. Several seconds later, thanks to the clock on the wall, Hux knew it was six in the evening when a knock came at the door. Hux nearly scolded the knocker on how stupid it was to knock, in general. It's not like Hux could refuse. No, it wasn't smart to let his captor know he's acknowledged his defeat. Hux didn't respond and, as expected, the door opened. “General Hux.” It was General Organa. Hux stood up, for some reason, when she came into view. “Are you having trouble adjusting?” Leia asked. When he didn't move, Leia sighed softly. Hux narrowed his eyes. “You can relax. I'm not here to question you- I might, but it's not concerning what you did in the Order.” Hux sat back down. “Consider it a way to get to know each other.” Leia said, closing the door behind her. She made her way to the edge of Hux's bed, sitting down to face him. A moment of silence ensued, which made Hux a tiny bit uncomfortable. He knew she was studying him. Possibly with the Force. “The door to the shower is that way,” Leia nodded to a door Hux hasn't even noticed yet. Probably because the door was white. Hux stared at it for awhile, and then he turned back to Leia and nodded. “So. I'm assuming you already know who I am.” Hux nodded again. “It's okay to talk.” Hux was incredulous. He continued to refuse to communicate with his enemy. Another moment of silence, but, this time, Leia wasn't looking at him. Hux looked at her. She looked like she was trying to find something to say. “You seem lonely.” She finally spoke, and Hux recoiled slowly. He narrowed his eyes again, as if to bite her with his stare. She wasn't fazed. “We're not trying to cut you from civilization.” “What exactly are you doing?” Hux finally snapped harshly, and, instead of showing fear, Leia smiled in relief. “We do want to know about the Order, yes.” Leia confirmed, “But, that doesn't mean we'll be inhumane about it. I'm giving you a chance.” “A chance to do what?” “To change.” “I've dedicated my entire life to the First Order.” He knew she already knew this, but he also knew he wasn't going to be shy about it. “Yes, a General at the age of thirty-two. I must say, that's impressive.” Leia complimented, “You're clever. And handsome.” Hux stiffened, “I beg your pardon?” “Don't take it personally. I can't exactly call you 'pretty.' You're a looker.” Leia said, and Hux felt like a little boy when she did. She leaned in closer, shaking her head, “You haven't been sleeping.” “I don't need sleep.” Hux shot back, “I didn't feel the need to sleep the first couple of hours I was here, either.” “Are you hungry? You can ask for food,” Leia offered, “Even between your daily meals—your daily meals will be delivered to you at eight-hundred, twelve-hundred, and nineteen-hundred.” “I'm not hungry.” Hux dismissed, though he wouldn't have minded eating then and there. Leia shrugged, “Okay. If you need something, ask.” Hux shrugged, too. “Oh, and I have one more thing,” Leia reached into a satchel Hux didn't notice was at her side, and she pulled out a brown, leather-wrapped book. She handed it to him. Hux inspected it curiously, flipping it open and staring at the lined, blank pages. Hux frowned. “It's a journal. You can use it to jot down thoughts, or something.” Leia said, “I thought it was a good idea. It was my son's idea.” Hux's lips curled at that, and he placed the notebook on the desk. Something about Organa's son made him never want to touch the book again. Yet, was it odd he felt attached to it, somehow? Leia handed him something else, and, upon further inspection, he saw it was a fountain pen. Hux took the pen and stared at it with widened eyes. For a moment, he thought about stabbing the aged General with the sharp tip and escaping back to the Order. “That wouldn't work,” Leia chortled, “I am not defenseless, General.” Hux set the pen next to the book with a grimace, “I'm well aware. I'm not that reckless, General.” Calling his enemy 'General' left a bitter taste in his mouth, but he felt satisfied that it sounded more like an insult than a sign of respect. “Leia. Call me Leia.” She insisted. “Leia.” Leia stood up, grabbing the flop py satchel and slinging it over her shoulder. “Well, I need get going,” Leia said, and Hux nodded, “Oh. And, about my son...Benjamin...” Hux stayed silent. “He might check up on you, just in case.” “'In case?' In case of what, do tell?” Leia shook her head, “I don't know.” She motioned to the pen on the desk, “I guess to make sure you don't kill yourself with that pen of yours.” And, just as she had arrived, she left. The pitiful thing was that, when she was gone, Hux actually began to miss her company. Hux looked up to the clock. It's nearly seven. Hux leaned back on his chair. And he waited. Chapter 2 : I Am Sure Summary: General Hux does some thinking. Ben annoys. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) After Leia had left, Hux was lost on what to do. He couldn't stand sitting for another second, so Hux resumed his pacing around the room. He closed his eyes. It was easier to think that way. Hux pondered on what the Order planned to do concerning his rescue. With an army triple the size of the Resistance's, Hux knew the Resistance held no chance. The stormtroopers would overwhelm them, and that would lead to his indefinite salvation. Hux grinned for a moment, but another spectrum of the situation crept into his mind. Still pacing, Hux contemplated what would happen if the Order decided to abandon him, which was common, especially with lesser troops. The Replaceables, Hux called them. Hux had millions of troops, and each of their lives were just something to make use of. His concern was whether the Supreme Leader thought the same of him. Hux doubted it. Hux is Snoke's ultimate weapon, the most elite among the elite. Snoke wouldn't...replace him, would he? Hux shuddered the thought away, though, kept it as a real possibility. Several paces later, Hux stopped in front of the desk, and opened his eyes to the glaring light. He didn't take notice, and he looked to the book, studying it thoroughly. He pictured himself picking up the pen and writing in it. What would he write in it? Hux is jolted from his thoughts when the door of his cell opened. He stiffened, his hands curled into a fist at his sides. A familiar face holding a tray of food peeps into the prison, his big brown eyes wondering. Hux was unsure what bothered him most; the man's cheery face, or the tempting, delicious assortment on the tray. The door closed and the man stood awkwardly, opening his mouth to say something, but, instead, he held the tray out for Hux to grab. Hux didn't. The man pulled back. “I'm Poe Dameron.” “I'm well aware.” Hux hissed back, seething at the man. Poe hummed and hawed, and extended the tray back to Hux. “Your dinner...Um...tonight is chicken and rice. You're not allergic to anything, are you? I brought you water to drink, but if you want something else, I could a-” “Take it back. I'm not going to eat it.” Hux said, despite his complaining stomach, “As a matter of fact, you don't ever have to see me again, because, chances are, I will never eat anything you bring.” Poe chuckled and shook his head, “That's...unfortunate. Tonight's dinner was really good. And hey, it's the General's orders.” Hux scowled. “I don't want your stupid dinner!” “Alright.” Poe sighed with a small shrug, and he stepped closer, and closer, until he was right in front of the frustrated ginger General. Hux was tempted to knock the pilot down and strangle him with his bare hands, but for some reason, he didn't. It's so easy... Poe placed the food on Hux's desk, staring the First Order officer with determination and triumph written so very clearly on his features. Hux forced himself to control his anger. Don't let him know you know he won. “I gotta go, now. If you need anything-” “I don't. Get out.” Poe took his time to leave, but Hux was relieved when he did. Hux turned his attention back to his boredom, and he considered eating for a split second. No, that would show his dependency. Hux put the tray aside, grimacing to it bitterly. Hux looked back to the bathroom instead, and considered taking a shower. He strode over to it cautiously, stopping in front of it for several seconds. The white of the door blinded him, per usual, and he proceeded to open it. Hux was unusually relieved by the blue tile and plush turquoise towels that colored the bathroom, and he sighed in relief. A shower wouldn't be too bad right now... ----- Hux took his shower as he always did: cold and quick. A helpful habit he kept throughout his years in the Order, now a habit to keep him from losing his mindset. Hux was actually grateful for the generic products that hung in the basket on the wall, though he would never openly admit it. It brought some kind of homely comfort, it he could even call it that. The towels were unusually warm when he wrapped himself in one, and the looked himself in the mirror. His hair dripped over his forehead, partially covering his eyes. It was extremely irritating. Without drying completely, Hux threw his clothes back on, exited the bathroom and walked into the main prison room. He was expecting the white to blind him as soon a he stepped in. He was even expecting the accompanying headache. What he wasn't expecting was Ben Solo sitting at the desk, his legs crossed and a stupid fucking smirk plastered on the bastard's face. “What the hell are you doing here?” Hux hissed, baring his teeth. Ben's grin widened in amusement, and he motions to the clothes on the bed, “I figured that you needed new clothes if ever you decided to shower.” “As flattering as that is,” Hux's voice was stinging with sarcasm, “You can get the fuck out of here and find a landmine to step on. That would benefit to my health much more than your petty clothes.” Hux could feel his cheeks flush red with anger, and he only felt more angry when Ben laughed loudly, throwing his head back. “My, you're a feisty one.” Ben snickered, and he pointed to Hux's hair, “I bet it's the fire on your scalp making you so hot-headed.” “How clever of you,” Hux shot back with a fake smile, “Get out.” “Do you like your journal?” Ben asked, ignoring Hux's demand. “I- What? No. It's completely pointless.” Hux scoffed, “And, it doesn't matter. I'll be out of here soon.” “You seem so sure.” “I am.” Ben leaned back, humming, “I wouldn't be so sure.” “Well, that's just you.” Ben laughed again, and Hux glared at Ben, waiting for the laughter to subdue. “You...” Ben started with a hiccup, and he inhaled shakily, “You killed my father.” Ben said, suddenly in a serious tone. Hux stiffened, “I did. Why does that matter?” Ben rose, his eyes closed and eyebrows furrowed in pain. “I loved my father.” Ben spoke through clenched teeth. Hux rolled his eyes, “Yes, it would seem so.” Ben pursed his lips, eyes still closed, and he strode to the exit of the prison. “That's just one of the many reasons why I wouldn't be so sure.” Ben spared a last glace to Hux through slightly-wet eyes, “Dinner's good. You should eat.” And, before Hux could ask, or add a snark remark, Ben slipped behind the door and left Hux to himself. Notes: If you find any mistakes regarding the tense of the story, I would appreciate it if you pointed it out. I am constantly changing from present to past tense depending on what story, so I might slip up once in a while. Thank you! Chapter 3 : The Journal Summary: Hux has a dream...but...was it really a dream? Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux had a strange dream that night. He was floating in space. It was so black, completely impossible to see. Hux didn't know if he was even there , but that made no sense; it was his dream, after all. It didn't feel like a dream. Hux was nearly convinced—it almost felt as if he was conscious . Perhaps his self-conscious accidentally wandered into a spiritual realm without realizing it. In a distance, a very soft voice was yelling to him. Hux felt increasingly drowsy when he looked up—well, when he assumed he looked up. Is that even possible? He asked, to be sleepy in a dream? --or a not-dream. Whatever. “Hello?” Hux called out, trying to reach with his arms to catch the disembodied voice. The voice was too far away for Hux to make out, yet, he felt he already knew who it belonged to. The spirit it belonged to, if you will. Hux tried to call out again, but his voice came out in hoarse coughs, as if someone began strangling him. Hux coughed again, thrashing away at the invisible force crushing his vocal cords. And that's when he found himself gasping for air, sitting up rigidly on the bed, drenched in his own sweat. His heart was beating faster than his brain could register, but it made no sense to Hux; the sudden rush of adrenaline felt almost ghastly, as if it was poison. Hux inhaled shallowly and released his grip from the sheets. Hux sighed, eyes darting in every corner of the prison cell as if to search for something important, but he didn't know what. His thoughts were a bit foggy. Until his gaze landed on the journal. The journal sent from the Devil himself. Hux scowled, and fell back onto the bed, running a hand through his mussed hair. What the hell ... Hux turned to peer at the clock on the wall. He couldn't tell the exact time—his vision was slightly blurred—but he knew it was around six in the morning. Normally, he would have told himself he overslept, but this was far from normal. He didn't want to get up, but he didn't want to fall asleep again for fear of facing more disturbing pitch blackness. Hux swung his legs over the edge of the bed and walked to the bathroom. The room was colder than he anticipated it to be, but Hux found it to be refreshing, actually, considering he was uncomfortably hot after waking up from that...experience. Hux wasted no time in hopping into the shower and taking his time to calm himself under the steady beat of the cold water running down his back. It gave him a moment to catch his breath, which he was oddly grateful for. When he was done, he stood in front of the vanity with his hands braced on the edges of the sink. He didn't know what he was looking for, but he realized that he looked very, very tired. Dismissing that, he rummaged through the drawers to retrieve a comb and some much-needed gel he didn't even know was stocked in the bathroom. Without hesitation, he combed his hair back into place, feeling more secure, more like himself , when he looked back in the mirror. He dressed quickly and exited the bathroom, peeking into the prison's main room before stalking out cautiously. Much to his pleasure, the Solo wasn't waiting for him when he did. Hux made his way to the desk, taking a seat to do absolutely nothing. He just sat there, looking dumbly at the worn leather journal and the navy blue fountain pen next to it. Just then, the door opened, and Hux stiffly shot up from his seat, his eyebrows furrowed into a naturally serious expression. Hux has to resist a scowl when he notices it was only Poe Dameron. The pilot was holding a tray of food in his arm and clothes in another. “Ah, so you are awake.” Poe said with a bright smile, “Today's breakfast is oatmeal. It's still warm, so I suggest you eat it as soon as possible.” Hux huffed in annoyance. “What do you want?” Hux asked. “Oh,” Poe set the tray down next to Hux, “I was just sent to give you extra undergarments, since you obviously refuse to change out of your First Order uniform.” Poe looked at the desk, “Oh...” Poe paused, and he picked up the dinner tray, “You didn't eat?” “No, I wasn't hungry.” Hux said through clenched teeth, and he narrowed his eyes. “Do you want-” “-you to get out?” Poe pursed his lips. “Well, alright. Fine.” Poe raised his hands in mock-surrender. Hux nodded briskly, lowering himself into the chair again. “General Organa wanted me to inform you that Benjamin Solo is coming soon to escort you to the interrogation room, and she gives you an hour to compose yourself before the interrogation.” “Yes, that's quite alright. Thank General Organa for her consideration.” “Sure.” “Oh, and Mr. Dameron?” “Hm? Yes?” “This...journal,” Hux motioned to the object in question, “It...won't be used against me, is it?” Poe's gaze shifted from the book to Hux, “I don't know. The journal is yours, and you can write anything in it as you please,” Poe inhaled, “I don't think General Leia would be as cruel as to break into your most private thoughts through that journal, so, no, it most likely will not be used against you.” “And...Mr. Benjamin Solo?” Hux coughed. Poe's face contorted into an expression of confusion, “I don't see how that would be a problem. If he wants to know, he just looks into your mind.” Poe laughed, “Not your typical orthodox Jedi, but he's just that powerful, you know?” Poe's laugh dispersed into a titter, and his expression turns serious, “No, I don't think so. I've grown up with Ben my whole life, and I know he's merciful, at least, but I wouldn't test his patience. Is that what you wanted to know? Hux nodded, chivalrously thanking the pilot despite Hux resentment towards the man. Poe nodded back, and he slipped behind the door, closing and locking it behind him. Almost immediately, Hux opened the journal and picked up the pen. The pen felt odd in his hand, and it almost hurt to write down the words, as if something was slowly draining at his resistance towards the Resistance. Even so, Hux refused to acknowledged such an idea. He would always fight tooth and nail against the Resistance until it is naught but ash. Until the First Order truly brought order to the galaxy. And so, Hux wrote about the vivid dream of blackness to pass the hour, clearing his mind before the interrogation he was sure would not break his resolution to desolate the Resistance. Notes: Ahahaha...sorry... This is mostly a filler chapter, but there will be interesting stuff later in the story. I hoped you enjoyed, and stay tuned for the next update! I edited this chapter cuz it was full of grammar mistakes. Sorry guys! Chapter 4 : Hux's Escort Summary: Hux gets escorted by Ben Solo to get interrogated by General Leia Organa. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben apparently wasn't known to be punctual, Hux came to realize. An hour and thirty minutes after Poe had left, Hux was still waiting in the prison, pacing the room in impatience. This is a test, he thought, scowling. Of course it was a test. That fucking Solo loved to test Hux. Ben entered the prison rudely, dressed in his Jedi robes. Hux paused and took a look at him, grimacing. First, Hux noticed the pungent scent. Then, he noticed that Ben was caked with dirt and pieces of leaves from certain trees that Hux knew only grew on the planet-moon of Endor, Chaos. “It's a pity you didn't get eaten by the man-eating trees,” Hux said, coughing at the horrible smell. “No, I'm surprised, actually.” Hux let out a titter. Ben held out shackles, glaring. “How do you know where I was?” Hux extended his hands so Ben could secure the containment, “Is the smell of everlasting acid rain not enough information?” Ben pursed his lips. “I suppose.” Ben began dragging Hux down the hall, away from the familiarity of the prison cell. Hux knew he was going to make the worst of the escort. Oh, how he loved pressing Ben's buttons, and he hardly knew the man for a day! “Out of curiosity,” Hux started, hiding a grin, “What was someone so frail doing on such a violent planet-moon?” Ben laughed bitterly. “Even the weak grow strong, General. I am no exception.” “So, you admit that you're weak? And you strengthen yourself by rolling around in the mud? Humor me...how is that helpful?” Hux raised an eyebrow, and Ben turned to look to him with an unimpressed expression. “Well, yes, everyone has room for improvement, and to be connected with nature is critical for a Jedi to gain his strength.” Ben snorted, “But seriously, no.” Ben said, “I was meditating.” Hux continued to trail behind the Jedi. “And...meditation makes you stronger, somehow?” Ben laughed out loud that time, “General, your ignorance on the impact of meditation is enjoyable.” “Well, I was asking . There is nothing wrong with being ignorant.” Hux snapped, “Do not make a mockery out of me!” “Tsk, you didn't have to shout.” Ben teased, wagging a finger in Hux's direction, “Meditation is the fortification of the mind. In meditation-” And Ben stopped abruptly, holding out his hand as if to tell Hux to stop, too. Ben reached for his lightsaber and he ignited it. His particularly offensive stance and furrow-browed expression led Hux to believe danger was not far. Hux's mind began to race, and his heart started pounding as he drew to a possible conclusion: The First Order was here to rescue him. Several minutes passed with the two merely standing in the hall, as if they were waiting for something to jump out and suddenly attack. After a while, Hux found it annoying and perplexing, and he huffed, only to have Ben shush him. Hux glowered. And then, just like that, Ben disengaged his saber, and clipped it back to his belt. He turned to Hux, and nodded his head to tell Hux to keep moving. “As I was saying,” Ben cleared his throat, “The Jedi meditate to enhance our connection with the Force.” Ben said, “As Jedi Knights, it's important for us to be guardians of the Force and its balance. We need to be sharp and alert.” Hux stayed silent for awhile, and then he began, “What...” Hux faltered, motioning to Ben, “What was that you just did?” “What?” Ben tilted his head to the side. “You just- you lit up your lightsaber- for what? What purpose? Why?” Ben looked at his saber, then back to Hux, “That's not your business.” “But- what- well, never mind.” Hux muttered under his breath. “It won't matter in the end. You will be dead, and so will the Resistance.” Ben merely said, “You shouldn't be so cocky. That could turn out to be your downfall.” “Yes, I know, you already told me.” Hux rolled his eyes. “I was just reminding you that defeat is a possibility regardless of strength, since you seem to always deny it.” “Is that the 'Jedi way?'” Hux asked in a particularly mocking manner, “Being careful not to overestimate your power?” “A certain aspect of it is, I suppose.” Ben shrugged, “At least it's an aspect that proves you are not a Jedi.” “I can't disagree with that.” Hux huffed. “But I do not need to be a Jedi to know the First Order is the most elite. Among the ranks, defeat is simply not an option, and that is something I have been chosen to overlook meticulously.” Ben looked to Hux, and he almost seemed to pity the General. “Defeat is not something you can choose. You believe it is, and that is why you will fail.” Ben said. Hux recoiled, at loss of words, “Is that what you're predicting?” Ben smiled. “No, that's what I deduce from your personality, so far, anyway.” Ben put on a thoughtful look, “I know I can learn much more about you through the Force, but I am more keen on gathering intel from you, and then properly disposing of you.” “So you do plan on killing me.” Hux said, narrowing his eyes. “No, of course not,” Ben laughed, “If it weren't up to my mother, yes, you would be dead, but...” Ben paused, “Since my mother is generous, she does not intend to execute you.” “That's unfortunate,” Hux growled, “I was more hoping for an honorable death, but, since I'm not going to die, what is to happen to me?” “I don't know.” Ben said again, “That's for my mother to choose.” And then, Ben stopped, and Hux nearly bumped into the taller man in front of him. Ben motioned to a room, and Hux 'oh'ed softly. “This is where I leave you.” Ben said in a tone that was unusually monotonous, “I'll come back to escort you after the interrogation session is over.” “Okay.” Ben nudged Hux into the interrogation room, where Leia was waiting. The door closed behind the ginger, and it left him with the General of the Resistance. “Welcome, General Hux,” Leia greeted politely, “Have a seat.” Hux strode over to the chair in the middle of the dark, square-shaped room. Leia shuffled some papers around, and smiled to him. Hux couldn't help but notice how well-dressed she was. “I just want to start off nice and easy. I'm only going to ask about you this first session.” Leia said, “This is being recorded. Is that okay with you?” “I don't think I have much of a choice, General.” Hux replied, tapping his fingers on the armrests and looking around the room, “But, no, I don't have a problem with that.” “You wouldn't mind if these questions get personal, do you?” “I will not make any commitments to answering them.” “Very well,” Leia cleared her throat, and looked down at her papers, “First off, please state your name, birth date, and age.” Hux tried to make himself comfortable with the otherwise uncomfortable chair, and he huffed. “Forrest C. Hux, short for my embarrassing full name, Forrest Clementine Hux. I was born May twelfth. I am thirty-six years old.” Leia smiled again, “What a lovely name. You parents must have been very creative.” “Barely.” Hux grimaced, “I believe my name was my mother's doing.” Leia tittered, and then paused. She took in a breath of air, “Will you talk about them for me?” Hux shrugged, “There isn't much to say. My father, Brendol Hux, worked for the Galactic Empire, and he ran an Imperial Academy on Arkanis, which I was enrolled in. He was a commandant, I believe. I haven't been in contact for him in years, and he may be dead by now.” Hux inhaled, visibly unsettled, “My mother, Demeter Hux, died when I was young. I don't remember anything about her at all.” “Could you tell me more of your father? What exactly did he do?” “He ran the school. He was a tyrant. He didn't have time for a son like me.” Hux said, his voice wavering, “Me, a failure. The one who would never succeed. That's all.” “And how was your relationship with father?” “It was...unpleasant.” Hux said, “Tense. Very tense.” “You seem to be uneasy.” “This question does not stir the most happiest of memories.” Hux stated, crossing his legs. “I'm sorry to hear that.” Leia hummed, “And you don't know anything about your mother at all?” Hux shook his head, “I already told you. I don't know anything. My father would never talk about her. I never met her. That's it.” “I see. Thank you.” Leia nodded, “Now, onto the more important questions-” And Leia immediately stopped, her eyes becoming wide and her mouth hanging agape. Hux knitted his eyebrows together, “General Organa?” “I...I need to cut this session short,” Leia said, her eyes still wide, “I would love to talk to you later, but I...I need to go. Something urgent is calling to me.” Hux gasped, and the thought that it could be the First Order shot into his head faster than he could blink. He stood up sharply, but Leia paid no mind to him. “Where's Poe?” Leia searched over the room, “Poe! Poe!” Immediately, from a door Hux didn't know even existed, the pilot appeared, right at Leia's side, holding her elbow. “What is it, General?” Poe asked, panic rising in his throat. “Poe- Ben- oh,” Leia exhaled, “Take General Hux back to his cell. I need to go handle important matters.” Poe nodded briskly, and he hurried to Hux's side. Poe roughly grabbed Hux's arm, and pulled him towards the exit. “Follow me.” Poe said. Hux had no choice be to step in time with the pilot's hurried steps. He spared one last glance to Leia, who disappeared behind the other door Poe came from. Hux was back in the hallway, this time led by someone he despised slightly less than Ben Solo. At least this trip is bound to be short. Hux thought as he noticed how hurriedly the pilot was walking. I'll soon be in the protection of my cell, where the First Order will be sure to locate me and take me back to the Finalizer . Hux was harshly pulled away from his thoughts when Poe gave him a harsh push, nearly slamming him into a wall. “Sorry, I don't have much time to dwindle,” Poe said. Hux was almost thrown into the cell, and the ginger stumbled in, catching himself before he could take a disgracing, humiliating fall in front of Poe. Hux turned, a scowl on his face and half a mind to scold the pilot. Unfortunately, he didn't get the chance to, regardless if it wasn't in his place to do so anyway, because when Hux turned around, Pow was already gone. Hux was in his cell alone again, left only with a vague idea of what might be happening outside of the Resistance Base. Hux looked down to his wrist, a grimace curled on his lips. It was irritating that the cuffs left a minimal amount of movement. It was pity, too, because Hux's mind was bustling with so many thoughts, and he wanted nothing more than to clear his mind by jotting things down into that infernal journal. Notes: So, Forrest Clementine Hux was the name my friend and I came up with when Hux didn't have a first name, and I intend on using it for this fic, because I think 'Armitage' just sounds wrong. I would also like to state that all that is written down about Hux's past is based on what I know from the movies and some Wookieepedia research. Bare with me. I hope you enjoyed this chapter! (But please excuse the spelling/grammar errors, I wrote this in a rush) Chapter 5 : No Idea Summary: Hux has no clue what's happening. Ben decides to drop by later. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Several hours passed and Hux still had no idea what was going on. It was several hours of just silence. It was maddening. Nobody came to check on him. Not even Poe with his stupid lunch tray. At least it gave Hux time to over-think his thoughts. Optimistically, the First Order was ambushing the Resistance. It was a likely possibility—the First Order knew where the Resistance base was. In fact, it would confuse him if it wasn't the First Order. Who else would be as brash as to go against the Resistance? What would happen if it was the First Order? He would be rescued and brought back to his precious ship, the Finalizer . He would go back to work, and he'd figure out a way to obliterate the Resistance once and for all. Hux paused to think about how beneficial it would be to have a miniature Starkiller. Ben wouldn't know what hit him. Hux chuckled in amusement, How ridiculous. My beautiful Starkiller could never be contained on such small magnitude. Ah, Starkiller. Hux inhaled shakily, his head falling in lament. The one thing that highlighted his success. The one thing that represented the power he could hold. The one thing that could control the entire universe with one simple command. And that stupid scavenger and that... Solo had to be the one to destroy it. Hux wanted to kick something, but even that would be disgraceful for a General in hostage. But, even so, that Solo should have died too, along with the rest of Starkiller base. Hux huffed and he leaned back on the bed. He tried to strain his wrists out of the cuffs again, after many failed attempts to pick the lock, or just take them off , in general. Hux soon realized he was only blistering his wrists with every attempt, so it was useless to struggle. Hux closed his eyes. A bit of sleep wouldn't hurt , Hux thought, it will only be for a minute . ----- Hux was floating in blackness again. He instantly felt very afraid, but not panicked , for some reason. He had no idea what he was doing there or what was happening, which seemed to reflect how he felt about the situation he was in in the waking world. It was silent again, but once he actually stopped to listen, he could hear the whispers he heard the first time he dreamt the very same dream. “You, there! Yeah, you with the red hair!” Hux looked around, seeing nothing but black. Nobody was there to call for him. Nobody was close enough to reach him. Certainly, nobody could see him, either. “Kid, I know who you are.” Hux swallowed nervously, his heart finally racing. “How?” “You know me, too.” The gruff voice said. Hux looked around again, getting increasingly uneasy. “Wh-Who are you?” “Me? Huh,” The voice laughed, “Well, kid, my name is H-” ----- Hux awoke with a gasp, a cold chill running down his spine. He blinked wearily, his mind completely devoid of thought. He couldn't remember the dream. Hux gripped the sheets, his knuckles white. Hux sighed, and he loosened his grip, rubbing his wrists absentmindedly. “I was wondering when you were going to wake up.” Hux snapped his head up to the intruding voice, and he narrowed his eyes with a scowl. Of course . “Well, good evening, Solo.” Hux said bitterly. “I trust you have the situation under control.” Ben snorted, “Sure.” and he uncrossed his legs from the desk and put the journal back in its proper place. Hux's mind took no time to jump into a fully panicked state. “You didn't read the book, did you?” He asked urgently, his eyes wide. Ben snorted again, “I took off your cuffs, and you don't even thank me?” “Did. You. Read. The. Book, Solo?” Ben sighed, “No.” “ Why were you holding it? ” “I can't say I wasn't doing anything to it. I was analyzing it.” Ben said, shrugging, “I got bored. It's a good form of practice. What can I say? I'm sorry.” “That book has private thoughts in it!” Hux snapped. “Oh, so you did write in it? I thought you weren't going to.” Ben grinned, “That explains why you feel so protective and attached to it, then.” Hux groaned, “ You are insufferable! ” Ben's grin widened, “So I'm told.” Hux seethed, his face turning red. “What do you need, Solo?” Hux hissed, “I don't see why you insist on being here.” “Oh, I thought I was generously going to explain to you the situation and feed you, since he haven't eaten since who-knows-when.” Ben scoffed, “But, since you're in such a bitchy mood, I guess I'll just leave.” This shocked Hux, especially since he thought Ben would feel indifferent to the insults, but what Hux let himself say next was even more shocking. “Wait.” Ben paused. “What?” “I...I would actually enjoy some company. Just for the moment, at least.” Hux said, growing more and more nervous the long Ben stared at him. “You want me to say here and talk to you?” Ben repeated, raising and eyebrow. “Yes, if that wouldn't be too much to ask.” Hux added quickly. “Not at all.” Ben said, “My mother will be especially pleased. She doesn't like it that you're alone.” “Because I might sneak out?” “Because she knows you need people.” Hux stopped, and he just looked at Ben, “What exactly does that mean?” Ben shrugged, “It means what it means. You like being around people, regardless if they are your enemy or not. She sensed it, that's all.” “You say it like it's not weird.” “It isn't.” Ben chuckled, “The Force runs strong in my family, though, I suppose I can see why it might seem strange to you.” Hux tittered and he nodded, “Well, I can't exactly say she's wrong.” Ben picked up a tray from the desk, and he urged it closer to Hux. Hux stared at it, a grimace slightly curled on his lips. “Please eat. It's not poisonous.” Ben said, “As a matter of fact, we're trying to keep you alive. You just have to adjust to this circumstance.” Hux took the tray, “I don't know why you care so much. I thought neither you, nor the Resistance liked me.” Ben laughed, “We don't. Well...I don't anyway, that I can confirm.” Hux nodded, “So why is the Resistance so hospitable to the worst of its enemies?” “It's...a difference approach to this situation, I suppose.” “You expect me to warm up to you?” Hux shot Ben an incredulous look. “No,” Ben said, “But maybe with hospitality, you'll see reason, thus allowing us to form some kind of understanding or negotiation.” “And, let me guess, your mother 'predicted' this would happen?” Ben snorted, “No.” Hux sighed. “My uncle did.” Hux looked to Ben with a surprised look. Ben laughed loudly. “Just kidding. It's just an assumption.” Ben said, “On my part, and, yes, my mother agrees with me.” “Don't be too sure.” Hux warned in a teasing tone. “ You're the sure one,” Ben teased back, wagging an accusing finger in Ben's direction. Hux inhaled and he regained his composure. “So, what exactly is the situation outside of this prison?” Hux asked, more curious than fishing for information. “Well...it's not exactly the best of news for you.” Ben said, “It was the First Order, you were right. They attacked sooner than we expected.” “That isn't bad news.” Hux said, a swell of pride budding in his chest. “No, but we captured a commander of yours.” Ben said, “And since I know you're dying to ask-” Hux couldn't resist rolling his eyes even if he tried, “We caught Lieutenant Mitaka, and so far, he said nothing at all, like his mouth was glued shut or something.” “That's definitely exceptional.” This time, Ben rolled his eyes. “Whatever.” Ben said, “I just thought you'd like to know. My mother says it's appropriate not to keep you in the dark, even during a war.” “Your mother, a lovely woman, by the way, is far too soft to be in such a war.” Hux remarked, “If I was her, I would be dead by now.” “Well, just be thankful my mother is not you.” “I am,” Hux chuckled. “No, I reckon she is much stronger and braver than you.” Hux perked. “How's that?” Ben was hesitant to meet Hux's eyes, but when he did, Hux felt chills run down his spine through the steeled brown-eyed gaze. “You murdered the only one she loved with all her heart.” Ben said, “You'd have to be pretty strong to be leading the fight after such a hard loss.” Hux inhaled, stiffening, “Han Solo-” Ben flinched. “Was an enemy to the First Order, and in the eyes of the First Order, he must therefore die.” Hux said, “I felt no remorse in pulling the trigger. I was participating to my cause, and even more importantly, I was doing my job.” Hux narrowed his eyes, “I thought it was clear that we are not on the same side.” Ben stayed still for a while, and he looked at Hux curiously. “I just noticed,” Ben said, sniffling, “You two would've never gotten along.” Hux didn't know how to reply to that. “I have to go.” Ben stood up, brushing some lint off his Jedi tunic. Hux was about to stop him again, but he closed his mouth before he could. Hux nodded. Ben made his way to the door slowly, as if to contemplate whether or not it was the best choice to leave the General alone or not. “Thank you.” Hux blurted, and Ben spared him a glance, “U-um...for...taking the cuffs off.” Ben nodded slowly, “You're welcome.” And then Ben was gone without a trace. To Hux, it almost felt as if he was never there. Notes: I don't know if Ben and Hux were being too friendly to each other but ~I don't care~ Enjoy! Oh and...Happy Halloween, you guys! Chapter 6 : Enemies forever (maybe) Summary: Ben is just being a big tease. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe came back per usual to feed Hux, and Hux was too busy engrossed in his second and first journal entries to care. The first one barely made sense, Hux realized. The second one connected to the first somehow, but it leaned more on the subject of Ben. Hux was very perturbed that he even wrote about his definite enemy. It's not like he was swooning over Ben, no. It was much more necessary to conclude a brief analysis of the man, in case of an emergency. The more information he can remember the more beneficial it becomes to the Order. But, for some reason , another part of Hux was fighting with himself. He believed he wasn't writing about Ben solely 'for information.' And that pissed him off just as much as Ben did. Poe snapped him out of his thoughts. Hux glanced up from the journal and stared at the pilot. The man had an ugly bandaged gash on his brow, and his upper lip was painfully split, the dried blood fresh from the fight. “You dinner.” Poe mumbled, setting the tray down. Before the tray could touch the journal, Hux hastily snatched it and held it close to his chest. Poe thankfully didn't question it, and Hux could take a guess why. The man looked exhausted. “General Organa wants to apologize, and she says that whenever you're ready for another interrogation, you may contact her.” Hux nearly dropped the book due to flat-out surprise. Poe merely continued to stare at Hux. “Why,” Hux inhaled, “Why is General Organa so...kind?” Poe paused to think, and then he replied slowly, “It's her nature. She wants peace with you.” Poe paused again. “She doesn't want to fight in this war, contrary to what you might think. She's fought enough, she said. But if she has to fight, so help her, she will fight.” Poe said, “She's giving you a chance.” For some reason, that made a very unsettling feeling settle in his gut. Hux wouldn't call it sadness, so to speak, but it was certainly close to...guilt? Almost like the feeling he felt tugging in his chest when he felt like crying. He has cried in over thirty years, of course, and he wasn't going to start now, especially over a matter such as this. “Alright. For the interrogation, would tomorrow, ten-hundred sharp be fine?” Hux asks, ready to get it out of the way. “Absolutely.” Poe nodded, “I'll inform her. As for you, she insists you eat this tray this time.” Hux smiled, though it was quite obviously fake. He was sure tired Poe wouldn't notice, anyway. “She means it!” Poe warns, “She doesn't like that the trays come back with food on them. Not only are you getting yourself malnourished, but it's a waste, too. I can only eat so much.” Poe sighed, “And, if you continue to refuse, Ben will start force feeding you. Or Force feeding you. Either way.” Hux rolled his eyes, “Duly noted.” That's when Poe took his cue to leave, which thoroughly calmed Hux down, who went back to reviewing his journal, ignoring the food tray sitting on the desk. ----- Hux took another shower before going to sleep, which did much to help clear his mind. Upon stepping out, Hux felt refreshed. Hux was thankful for the extra undergarments he received earlier, and a bit surprised to see he failed to notice a pair of sleeping garbs in the bundle. He wore them, too tired to care. Though the black was comforting, Hux couldn't help but feel a little reluctant to wear the jim-jams. He contemplated slipping back into his First Order uniform, but he didn't. His uniform lost its stiffness and was dirty anyway. Even though he was sure he could, he wondered it the Resistance—or Leia, at least—would clean it for him. That was absurd, Hux thought. The only other persons who ever touched his uniform besides himself were the laundering droids back at the Order. Occasionally, the sanitation troopers would take care of it. Hux inwardly laughed sadly. Perhaps they'd burn it instead. Hux slipped into the cotton sheets, laying on his back and closing his eyes. Hux sighed. Don't worry . Hux's eyes opened slowly, and he sat up, looking around curiously. The First Order will retract. Hux was certain he was listening to a spoken conversation, and he began feeling panicked when he thought it was someone speaking to him in his prison. He will not resist for much longer. A pause. You'll see . But, as expected, nobody or nothing was in the room with him. ----- Hux expected the weird dream to come before he even woke up. As a matter of fact, he knew he was going to have a dream-not-dream after he woke up from his previous dream-not-dream. This time, much to his surprise, he wasn't afraid this time. No, he was beginning to feel a little annoyed. All he truly wanted was a good night's sleep. “Who are you?” Was his first question. It echoed into the infinite abyss he was floating through, but this time the black seemed warmer. More familiar. He wasn't expecting a response, but instead, he got a, “Ah, you're back, kid. I was wondering where you went off to.” “I woke up.” Hux said. Hux had a feeling this spirit already knew that. “Yeah,” it said, “You were easier to find this time. I think I'm getting the hang of this.” “Hang of 'it?'” Hux questioned, possibly grimacing in confusion, “Hang of what?” “Of being dead, kid.” It said, “My son visits here, too, you know.” “What does that mean? Is he also dead?” “No. My son has many abilities, and one of those is being able to talk to the dead.” The voice said quickly, “Don't ask me anything about it, kid. I was never really good at understanding it.” “Where exactly am I?” The spirit scoffs, “Beats me. You must be dead, too.” Hux let this sink in, but he knew it was very wrong. “I'm not dead.” He said softly. “Who are you?” Hux reached out with his arms, feeling a warm presence nearby, “Where are you-?” ----- Hux woke up with a gasp, a very intense feeling of irritation and failure bubbling just below his throat. Hux growled, covering his eyes from the bright white and wishing to go back to sleep. Instead, a voice interrupted. “So, you're finally up.” Well, surprise, surprise , Hux thought bitterly, it's Ben Solo . “ Good morning, Solo.” Hux said, not bothering to get up from his lying down position, “It's rude to stare at people when they sleep.” “You look peaceful in your sleep, you know,” Ben said, and Hux laughed at the pointless remark. Ben coughed, “You were supposed to be awake, you know. I was half expecting you to scold me.” “I did.” Ben scoff-laughed, and Hux could almost hear the eye-roll, “For being late, I mean.” That's when Hux shot up from the mattress, his eyes wide, “Wait. What time is it, precisely?” “It's nearly eleven.” Ben glanced to the clock, “I think you'd be able to know if you looked at that clock right there.” Hux wanted to throw a pillow at Ben's face. Of course, he didn't. Ben was standing at the foot of the bed, staring directly at Hux. This time, his Jedi robes were clean. “So, tell me,” Ben turned and sat at the desk, still facing the Hux in the bed, “What exactly were you doing so deep in a spirit world I had to drag you out?” Hux narrowed his eyes, having a hard time identifying Ben's tone. It sounded vaguely spiteful and defensive, as if Ben was trying to protect something. Hux replied with caution, using ignorance to his advantage. “I had no idea.” Hux scoffed, “How am I supposed to tell the difference between a dream and a spirit world?” Ben gave him a skeptical glance, and then he sighed, “Well, alright. Nevermind.” Ben said, standing up, “I guess I should go.” “Hold on.” Hux said, effectively stopping Ben, “What were you doing here in the first place?” “I was given the privilege to come fetch you for your meeting with my mother.” Ben said matter-of-factually. “Why are you leaving?” Hux growled, slipping out of bed to grab the clothes resting next to the bed. Ben instantly reached his hand out, and Hux simultaneously felt every bone in his body stop mid-reach. A completely impossibly thing to do, considering gravity. “What-” Hux gasped in surprise, struggling against the invisible restrictions. Hux immediately glared at the culprit, who was smirking a little mischievously, but avoiding eye contact. Ben lifted the captive General's uniform from its spot on the floor, and tucked it under his arm. With a smirk, and despite Hux's glare vowing death, Ben said, “Yes, I can get these cleaned and pressed for you.” “You fucking jerk .” Hux snarled, still stuck in his position, “Leave my uniform alone!” “You rest now. I'll tell my mother she'll need to reschedule. After all, you do seem very tired.” Ben said, that same infuriating grin on his face, "And you just have so much on your mind right now." Hux was ready to jump on Ben when Ben let him go, but Ben had the last laugh because Hux only ended up slamming into the door in attempt to chase him. Notes: I literally have no idea where this is going, but I am very proud of this chapter. Also...have some comedy to brighten your day! :) Chapter 7 : Important Matters Summary: Hux and Leia have some 'bonding time.' Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux was surprised when Leia decided to visit him in his cell with the lunch tray in her hand. Hux was nowhere near his most presentable self. Running into the door left him with a bruise on his forehead, a serious bloody nose, and a will to do nothing but crawl back into bed and try to fall back asleep. Hux could feel his whole body burn with shame when Leia stepped in, and he didn't dare flipping himself around to see the enemy General. Leia walked over the him with hushed steps, and he could feel her short self looming of the bed with a sense of curiosity. “So, you are awake.” Leia said, and she moved away from the bed and placed the tray on the desk, “You must be starving.” “I'd rather not eat.” Hux muttered, hoping it was enough to send Leia away. Of course, it wasn't, but Hux already knew that. “You're injured.” Leia said, and she stepped to the other side of the bed to take a look at Hux. She frowned with pursed lips at the sight of the blood Hux didn't wash off yet, and she caressed the injury gently. “How did you get hurt?” Hux grunted, “I don't feel like saying.” “That's fine.” Leia dismissed, “It isn't broken.” “I know.” Hux said through gritted teeth. Leia retrieved a handkerchief from her pocket and she rubbed the blood off Hux's mouth and nose, and then reached into her pocket to pull out some cream, which she then applied with no protests from Hux. “You don't have to try to belittle me with your acts of kindness .” Hux growled, turning away from Leia, “I get it! I'm your prisoner and you're trying to change me, but that doesn't make me helpless nor incapacitated, and I am certainly not going to lose my will to destroy you after I am saved.” Leia sighed with a blink of her eyes, “I know that, General.” Hux could hear Leia stand back up and walk around the bed again, “I was hoping we could go for tea in the garden. The day is beautiful, you know.” Hux perked, “Whatever for?” Leia shrugged, “I have some things I would like to talk to you about.” Hux sat up on the bed slowly, and Leia smiled. Hux hesitantly asked, “What kind of matters?” “Many things. I want to know more about you.” Leia said, and Hux instantly scowled. “That could be potentially dangerous to the safety of the First Order, and therefore, I politely decline.” Hux said, falling back on the bed. “No, Hux,” Leia sighed, “I just want to talk. A heart-to-heart. Like normal people. No wars, no sides. Just a friendly talk.” Hux sat up on the bed again, “A...friendly...talk- General, we'll always be enemies. I don't even think it's possible-” “I'm only asking you to accompany me for my afternoon tea. Is that impossible to believe?” Leia asked, blinking, and her soft, wrinkled hand palmed Hux's angular cheek, “You look like you need the sunlight.” Hux inhaled, and he pursed his lips. What would be the worst case scenario? Certainly, he would be able to escape, maybe kill the General Organa, and make his way back to the First Order- Yes, that's it! Hux cried in his mind with glee, My chance! Leia sighed again, “Hux.” She said, “You need to stop thinking so anxiously.” Hux froze. She patted his hair in a motherly way, and she stood up. “Don't worry,” She said with a friendly smile, “I only said you needed sunlight.” Hux blinked in confusion, then it hit him that she didn't actually read his thoughts, only his expression. Hux inhaled and fixed his face into one of stead composure. He nodded briskly. He could feel his heart beating out of his chest, the adrenaline rushing prematurely through his veins. This is it . Hux thought happily, Don't ruin this chance. Be cautious . “It appears there is a slight problem.” Leia said, and Hux froze again. Leia reached into the satchel—the satchel Hux, once again, forgot to notice—and she pulled his freshly cleaned uniform out from the bag. Hux swore he could see a blaster in there, but he only got a glimpse as Leia closed the back and slowly handed the outfit to him, “Ben generously cleaned these for you. You should get dressed.” 'Generous' was not the word Hux would use, but... A plan was formulating in his mind, and he felt too distracted to take the clothes, but, thank the Force, he did. Hux gulped down the swelling lump in his throat and he nodded again, “Of course.” “I'll leave you be, then.” Leia said, “Knock when you're ready.” Hux stared at her. “Sure.” ----- Five minutes later, there he was, appropriately dressed for the afternoon tea, but also for his return to the First Order. Hux snatched the journal and pen from the desk and concealed it underneath his garments. Hux knew he would need that for when he got back to the Order. Hux fixed his hair one last time, and without further ado, knocked on the cell door. The door immediately opened, and Hux found himself face to face with the General. She was smiling, as he was expecting. “Ready?” She asked. He nodded. “Good.” Hux marched in time behind her, his normal intimidating composure worn well on his naturally blank-faced expression. Leia didn't even look behind her shoulder to check if he was behind her or not. It was as if she just knew , which was perhaps more than likely the case. Whilst she was leading him out of his cell and through the halls, two things occurred to him: One, she didn't put him in cuffs, and he was tempted to ask why, but he didn't want her to cuff him, so Hux kept his mouth shut. The second thing was that it was the second time he was let out of his cell since his capture, but the first time he would be going outside. And on that note, Hux also cheerfully noted he wasn't being led by Ben Solo, which was a relief. Although...it was unsettling when Hux remembered that he killed this woman's, Leia's, husband...and she was still able to look him in the eye and smile to him. “Where's Ben?” Hux asked softly, wanting to get his mind off his bothersome thoughts, but he was mildly confused on why he picked Ben of all subjects. Leia didn't reply for a while, as if she needed to ponder, and then she turned to him as she kept on walking, “He's busy.” “What is he attending to?” Hux pressed, though generally bored with the conversation. Leia sighed, “He's tending to Lieutenant Mitaka.” Leia replied, and then looked over her shoulder to stare at Hux, “What I'm wondering is why that is important to you.” “Ah,” Hux tittered, “It's just because he is usually there to bother me at this time.” “I'm not surprised.” Leia smirked subtly, turning back, “He's always taken more after his father.” Hux promptly clears his throat, “Aside from that,” He said, “What is he doing with the Lieutenant, then?” Leia made a sharp right, and Hux followed with the same agility and grace. It was then that it started to bewilder him why the Resistance General was trusting him to follow her. No , Hux thought, This is good. I can earn her trust that way. It will be easier to escape . “Ben is currently looking through the Lieutenant's mind.” Leia said, and Hux almost choked on his own saliva. Leia continued, “I deeply disapprove of this, but Ben won't give. I tried, but he's just been so much more...” Leia paused, exhaling a very long breath of air, “Vengeful since the death of his father.” Hux fell silent, mentally cursing himself. Mitaka was basically his right-hand man next to Phasma back on the Finalizer . He knew almost everything, including some very confidential files crucial to the First Order. For once, Hux found himself getting flustered at the young Lieutenant's excelled memory abilities. “The information will be very useful to the Resistance.” Leia spoke the very words Hux dreaded to hear. “I was hoping it wouldn't come to this.” Leia looked back to Hux, “I was hoping something could mend or connect between us, which is the exact reason why I need to know more about you, as you will learn more about me. The more cooperation, the easier we can be at peace.” “As I have explained before-” Hux started through gritted teeth. “Yes, we are on two very different sides, I know.” Leia exhaled again, “But I know a truce can be reached.” That's when the duo arrived at their destination—Hux cursed himself again for not taking note and remembering the passage for future reference, but there was nothing he could do now. Leia motion to a seat as she sat down on hers. Hux sat down across from her obediently. In front of him laid a fine china set, definitely from one of the finest chinaware planets in the universe. On the cups, there were delicately hand-painted flowers hinted with the most beautiful pastels Hux had ever seen in his life. “From Alderaan.” Leia said, grabbing the fat teapot that sat in the center of the table, “Passed down from my parents on my thirteenth birthday, which is when the crown-princess is legible for the throne.” Leia poured the hot drink in her cup before pouring liquid in Hux's cup, too. She continued, setting the teapot back on the table, “I took this china with me where ever I went, whether be it on diplomatic missions or charities to the back-water planets. It unfortunately serves as a grim reminder of what happened to my planet when the Empire destroyed it out of sheer evil, but it also brings me wonderful memories of when I was a little girl.” “That is unfortunate.” Hux agreed, stirring his drink, “But the Empire did what it needed in order to spread an important message, did it not? I say it worked very well.” “Yes, you even decided to recreate it with Starkiller base, which costed much more than just a planet's-worth.” “The Republic had to be eliminated in order to reach victory.” Hux snapped back defensively, narrowing his icy green eyes at her. “Yet, you didn't achieve victory, did you?” Leia asked with a small, insulting smile to rub salt into the wound. As obvious, Hux seethed. Leia cleared her throat, “Please, help yourself.” She said as she pushed a basket of biscuits towards him. Hux just stared at it, and took a cautious sip of his tea. Leia sighed and poured some cream and sugar into her drink before also taking a sip. “What's your favorite color?” Leia suddenly asked, and Hux perked at the question. Hux paused, looking to her with a suspended quizzical look, “I beg your pardon? My favorite color?” Leia nodded, grabbing a biscuit and dunking it in her tea before taking a bite. Hux merely looked at her. “Mine is violet.” Leia said, “It's an elegant color, you know. A dignified color that doesn't lose it's calming charm.” “I see...” Hux paused, “I have never had a 'favorite' color, as you say, but I suppose you can tell I have a particular fondness for the color black.” “Yes.” Leia smiled, keeping her tea closer to her nose, “You should try a biscuit. I think you will like them.” “I will have to pass.” Hux said, grimacing at even the thought of eating something, but feeling oddly satisfied by the tea filling his stomach. Hux took another sip, “The tea is very good.” “I'm glad you feel that way.” Leia said. There is a moment of silence between the two, and Hux has time to observe his very serene environment. Hux already knew what Xer-tah II looked like, but he never really knew the exact beauty of it. Well, it was more because he didn't have the time to indulge himself in nature sight-seeing, but he was glad he could enjoy it now. The trees were thick and twisty, almost jungle-y and cluttered with vines, but useful in keeping the two protected from the bright rays of sun that shone down on the planet. The ground was as earthy as Endor's, littered with a variety of colorful and exotic flora. Xer-tah II was surprisingly devoid of animal life, Hux realized, and the silence was almost eerie, but calming in the same sense. Xer-tah II and Endor both shared the same system named Trradoes, Hux remembered, so it was no surprise how alike the planets looked. “Lieutenant Mitaka,” Leia suddenly said, catching Hux's attention. “Yes?” Hux blinked, “What about him?” “Would you like to talk to him sometime?” Leia asked, and Hux wondered if she was genuinely suggesting something, or if she was just curious. To stay on the safe side, Hux assumed it was the latter. “Yes. That would be nice, if it was possible.” Hux said slowly, carefully. But, if she is proposing this, I could escape with ease. Hux thought, She couldn't possibly be that naïve, could she... ? But Hux stopped himself from getting too far. Of course Leia wasn't stupid. Hux could tell the tables could turn at any point, yet Liea decided not to act in such manner. Why? Hux had yet to figure that out. “I'm sure I could arrange something.” Hux nearly spat out his tea. Is she legitimately assuring my escape? Why would she do that... ? “Would you like that?” Hux hesitated, “Y-yes, I would, in fact.” Hux could feel the journal rubbing against his chest as he shifted anxiously in his seat. Perhaps it is best if I take caution in this escape . Hux thought, It would be unwise to try to flee now . Hux told himself, Lieutenant Mitaka will aid me. I just need a little more patience . Leia smiled, “Good. I'm glad.” Leia said, “I'll talk to Ben about it.” Hux frowned. Enduring Ben might be a problem, but the overarching cause is much greater. Hux thought, I have no choice but to endure . And Hux nodded, sipping his tea gently and letting Leia converse with him a little bit more until he finally had to go back to the boring, white prison cell. Hux decided to nap for the time being, as he was feeling a little more exhausted than usual, and he prayed he would miss the dinner tray and sleep throughout the night instead. Hux hoped he would get his wish for a good night's sleep this time, and not some incomprehensible dream-not-dream. Notes: Sorry for the late update, but I think you will find this chapter to be ~awesome~ (as I think it is). Enjoy! Chapter 8 : Planning with the Lieutenant Summary: Hux and Mitaka finally have the time to talk to each other...and they form a plan to escape back to the First Order, despite all odds! Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux was escorted to another cell at exactly nine fifty-five. Hux assumed this was where the talking would take place. It was Rey that led him around this time, probably because Leia, Ben, and Poe were busy. Rey was silent, Hux noticed. Not much of a talker. She held a certain aura of toughness, which admittedly intimidated Hux a bit, as well. Rey typed in a code to open the door and gently pushed Hux inside. Hux walked in with no problem. “I'll be back in about an hour.” Rey said, “Leia would like for me to tell you that these conversations are recorded, but not videotaped. You are free to talk about anything you'd like.” “Give her my thanks.” Hux said. Rey left with an abrupt nod. Inside the room was a table and two chairs, very similar to the interrogation room Leia talked to him in. Except, of course, the room was brightly lit, and it was white. Hux was left alone for five more seconds until another door opened, and in came the young black-haired Lieutenant. Mitaka marched inside in an orderly fashion, his back stiff and expression lifeless. Hux couldn't help but feel a little prideful, especially when Hux noticed Mitaka's First Order uniform—Mitaka, who was a half-decade or younger than Hux, was in fact one of Hux's pupils before he rose to the ranks of a Lieutenant. Something about seeing his fellow comrade comforted Hux. The door slid shut and all the was left was Mitaka, who was merely staring at the white walls before him. Slowly, Mitaka turned to him to spare Hux a glance, and it was at that instant, Mitaka's eyes flickered with a little hope. “General, sir!” He said, and he saluted. Hux inhaled, and graciously saluted back. “Lieutenant.” “I-It's...it's been a while, sir.” Mitaka said, “You have been gone for so long.” “It's been only half of a week, Lieutenant.” Hux said, “What is happening with the First Order?” “You see, sir,” Mitaka swallowed nervously, “Well, sir, the First Order is currently in a...less than desirable state.” “What does that mean?” “I'm afraid, without your firm command, it has fallen into shambles.” Mitaka said softly. “It...what?” Hux gasped, taking a seat to ease his swimming vision. “It's threatening to crumble.” Mitaka said, “Last I heard.” “What about the Supreme Leader?” “He is doing what he can, but he cannot hold the weight of the entire First Order fleet and manage to bring down the Resistance at the same time.” Mitaka said. “What do you know of the situation aboard the Finalizer ?” Hux asked, holding his head as he felt a little lightheaded. “As far as I know, Phasma is doing her best to keep things under control.” Mitaka said, “She has abandoned her post as the Captain of the 'troopers, but ensured that position to Petty Officer Unamo. She has managed to keep the staff working in an orderly fashion to keep the Finalizer functional. Unfortunately, there is not much she can do if they are suddenly attacked. You see, when Starkiller base was obliterated, we lost many of our troops and personnel and has since then not been able to recover the positions, as you know.” “I know, yes.” Hux muttered, “And about rescue missions?” Mitaka looked away, pursing his lips nervously, “Well, you see, sir...we had limited assets to begin with. We couldn't spare much for your rescue mission. Phasma only sent me out with a handful to work with—we weren't expected to come back.” “What are you saying?” Hux perked, furrowing his eyebrows, “Are you telling me you came to save me knowing it's a definite possibility you would never return to the Order?” “I had to take my chances for the greater good, sir.” Mitaka mumbled, “If it means you get back to the Order, I'm willing to sacrifice anything, sir.” “What is Snoke planning on doing about this?” Hux pressed, clenching his jaw so tightly, it hurt his teeth. “That's another thing I wanted to discuss with you.” Mitaka said with caution apparent in his tone, “He has considered and decided to leave you with the Resistance. His reasoning was that you were...” Mitaka paused, looking Hux into his eyes. Hux licked his lips, a part of his mind knowing—and dreading—what Mitaka was going to say next, “Replaceable.” Hux stayed silent for a while, his jaw still tense and mind spiraling in incoherent thought. “That's...” Hux muttered, “That's impossible.” Mitaka didn't reply for a while, and just continued staring shyly at Hux. “And Phasma...?” “I'm afraid, there's nothing she can do to overrule it, sir.” Mitaka replied. “Who did Captain Phasma send with you? Is there any way-” “Killed.” Mitaka said, “They were...killed when the were shot down on our ship.” “Who did you bring with you?” “It wasn't my choice, sir,” Mitaka corrected, “I had with me two gunners, a medic, a droid, and a pilot. I couldn't do anything to save them before I was captured.” “What was your plan to save me?” Hux asked, “Did you just decide to waste your chance and your assets because you had no plan?” “No, sir,” Mitaka replied hastily, “Although, I admit I didn't not make the best calls.” “Obviously. If you did, I wouldn't be here, and you wouldn't either.” Hux pointed rather bluntly. Mitaka blushed in embarrassment, “I decided it would be better to attack in the air in case we needed to make a quick escape, and the TIEs tend to do a wonderful job in sneaking through the Resistance's defenses.” Mitaka inhaled before continuing, “Unfortunately, we were ill prepared for the strike the Resistance assembled to retaliate, and we were ambushed with a barrage of X-wings, which led to our defeat.” Hux sighed with a small shake of his head, “Were I back at the Order, I would possibly derank you for such carelessness, but...there is not much I can do at the time being.” “I'm sorry, sir. You are right, sir.” Mitaka bowed humbly. “But, fortunately for you, you are the only ally I have left in this fight.” Hux said, “We have to find a way to-” Hux paused, suddenly remembering that the conversation was being recorded. He closed his mouth and stared at Mitaka. “Sir?” Mitaka asked, tilting his head in confusion. Hux hushed him and leaned forward. Mitaka mirrored. “This is being recorded,” Hux said, but he said it so softly, it was almost like he mouthed it. Mitaka's eyes widened and he nodded. “Morse code, sir?” Mitaka suggested just as softly. Hux nodded. 'We have to find a way to get away from the Resistance. We need to figure out their weak spots.' Hux said, tapping the back of his hand to form letters. Mitaka followed Hux's silent example, 'Yes.' A pause, 'I have a vague thought that might lead to a plan.' 'What is it?' 'Have you realized that a weak trait in the Resistance is it's sentiment?' Hux raised his eyebrow, 'Are you suggesting we appeal to their good side—go as far as to form relationships?' Mitaka shrugged, 'Not a bad idea. We can then use their trust as an advantage.' 'It won't be easy.' Hux tapped, and he added, 'We have to be cautious. Don't suddenly appeal to them, that will make you prone to suspicion.' 'Yes, sir.' Mitaka paused, 'What about the Force users? Wouldn't we have to hide it from them, too? Conceal our thoughts somehow?' An image of Ben suddenly sprang in Hux's mind, and Hux grimaces. Right . The Lieutenant had a point. Ben would certainly catch onto Hux's plan to earn his trust; unfortunately for Hux, the Solo wasn't dumb. Hux would have to be extremely cautious, as if he was standing before the Supreme Leader himself. No big deal , Hux thought sourly, I'll just have to manage. 'You're right.' Hux tapped, 'Do you think you can manage, Lieutenant?' A moment of silent stillness ensued, and then Mitaka replied with obvious hesitance, 'Yes, I think so, sir. I will try not to fail you, sir.' Just then, the door opened, and Hux and Mitaka both stiffened, turning to the intruding escort. It was Rey, as Hux expected. “It's time for you to go back to you cell.” Rey stated, “Are you ready to go?” “Yes.” Hux stood up, clearing his throat, “Lieutenant, it was good to see you again. I'm pleased to know you are in good health.” “Uh- of course, sir.” Mitaka stood up as well, extending his hand for Hux to shake, “Same goes to you, General.” Hux shook Mitaka's hand with a brief smile that seemed to yell, 'you better not mess this up!' And, without further ado, Rey took Hux away to bring his back to his cell. At least, optimistically, Hux knew he'd have time to collect his thoughts before the next time Ben showed up to bother him. Notes: I found it hard to capture Hux's character in this scene, but oh whelp I want to post this now. I hope you like it! (I love Mitaka, also, if you didn't notice, and Phasma is super freakin' awesome!! (No argument there!))