Ben Organa-Solo knew that leaving was the worst choice he had ever made. As he watched his son and uncle meditate, the sun shining through large holes in the crumbling temple, he felt a sense of longing. That could have been him, training with Luke, perfecting his gift. It been him, at least for some time. But Snoke, and his grandfather, and his own fear had pushed him away from that, away from the life his child would now have. “That's enough for today, Anakin.” Luke spoke, his voice as soft as the gentle breeze. The Jedi in trading that sat across from him opened his eyes, the blue sparkling like the sea in the bright sun. Kylie thought. As soon as his son saw him, his face broke into a large smile. Anakin’s front teeth had a large gap between them where one had fallen out. He was still so young; but not younger than Ben had been when he started his training. He wanted to make sure the Anakin would be ready before allowing him to train with Luke. The young boy quickly made his way over to his father, that large grin never leaving his face. Immediately started to recount what had gone on during today’s lesson, jumping into a story about rocks. “Uncle Luke could stack the rocks as tall as himself, but I could only get them to go up to my shoulders. But he still said that I did very good, and by my next lesson I should be able to stack them as tall as me! But only if I keep practicing my meditations and-” Ben felt himself smile as Anakin continued to ramble on about rock-stacking techniques. He had never gotten to that part in his training. He wondered if it was because Anakin was doing a more informal training, or if he had turned on his uncle before they'd gotten to that. He looked at Luke now, and saw the same proud smile that must've been on his own face reflected on his uncle's. When the older Jedi looked at him, the smile grew a bit more strained at the edges; they weren't as close now as they'd been when Ben was a child. He doubted they'd ever be that close again. Not after what he did. “Isn't there something you want to say to your uncle?” He asked, looking at Anakin again. The Jedi in training thought for a moment, before turning to Luke and thanking him, that grin still on his freckled face. … When Anakin had been born, Ben had expected a shock of red the same color as Hux’s hair, or maybe something darker like his own. Instead, their child was small, freckled and bald. He didn't have any hair until he was at least three months old. When his hair did come in, it came in quickly; and it was neither red nor brown. He had sandy colored waves, a bit curlier thank Ben’s. It reminded him of Luke; but even more, it reminded him of his grandfather. He panicked. He started having nightmares, flashed of the night he had fled Luke’s school, of the night he had returned. He saw Darth Vader’s helmet, he saw himself kneeling before it. Before Snoke. He had been woken up every night for weeks by dreams like those. And every time he woke, Hux woke with him. “You're alright,” he would whisper. “You're okay. He's okay. We’re okay, Ben.” … There were few people in the Resistance that didn't outright hate them. And even within those few, many were just quiet about their hate. He learned to steer clear of the ex-stormtrooper, and the pilots he was always with. Finn never made a scene like his friends did, but Ben could tell he wasn't wanted. Rey was also quiet about her distaste for Kylo. She didn't seem to dislike his quite as much as Finn, or Poe, or anyone else. But she still only talked to him when it was absolutely necessary. The only people on base he felt comfortable spending time with were his family. His parents, his son. Hux. Those were the only people he hadn't completely let down. At least, not yet. … “Would you ever want another child?” It was late. Ben had just woken up from yet another dream. They weren't so frequent now that Anakin was older and it was clear that he would not go down the same path that Ben had. But that didn't stop him from fearing it. The question caught him off guard. Not because he hadn't thought of it; he had. Plenty of times. It surprised him because he hadn't thought Hux would want another kid. What they both adored Anakin, they hadn't planned for him. And Hux was doing good work with the Resistance now; He hadn't made his way up to general of the First Order by name alone. So Ben didn't see why he would want to halt his climb, not now. He looked up at Hux, who's hand had stilled in his hair. He could barely see him in the dark, only catching his profile: a strong jaw, straight nose, high cheekbones. He was striking, even in the dark. He always had been. “Do you want another child?” He asked, instead of answering his question. He didn't expect Hux to answer. In fact, he expected him to fall asleep again. For the conversation to be forgotten. Instead he heard his husband’s reply, soft but sure. “Yes.” … It took a month for Hux to fall pregnant after that conversation. Nine months after that, their second child was born, a girl. She had freckles, just like her Hux and Anakin. She has a mole on her left cheek, and was larger than her brother had been when he was born, just like Ben. And on top of her soft head was a shock of bright red hair. They named her Rose. They didn't know if she would grow up to have Ben's gift. They wouldn't know for sometime. But if she did or if she didn't, it wouldn't change the fact that, like her brother, she would always have somewhere to turn. Family wasn't something she would find one day, like Rey or Finn. It wasn't something that would hurt her, like Ben had hurt Luke all those years ago. For Rose, for that little girl with her bright red hair, they already knew was her family was. It was something gained. Notes: If you comment pointing out a typo then I'll write your username in one of my school's bathroom stalls.