He knows he nearly lost her. He read the reports, scanned them furiously, ignored anything that wasn’t her. Those strings of letters and numbers mean nothing to him, and never will. Hux knows, too, and - for once - Kylo sees what looks like compassion on the normally work-formal face. “She’s okay, Ren.” He nods, numbly, and hopes his failing tongue won’t be taken for an ungratefulness. When the bridge crew announce where she’ll be, he vanishes at once. So much for discreet. She’ll be annoyed with him for being so unprofessional, but he’ll take it on the nose. Some things matter more, and having her has done nothing but cement his loyalty, after all. He should have been there. They’d said they didn’t need him, but he should have insisted. Not because he doubts her abilities, but because she fights so hard that she rides the edge of what she can manage. And no one can plan for everything. The minute the hatch opens, he is already there. He sees waves of white, first, and panic settles on him. Did they forget? Was the message wrong? He’d have felt it in the Force. He’d have known, but what if… Limping slightly, a chrome-shined form exits slowly. He sees his own mask reflected in hers, sees himself distorted and disjointed, like he feels. She advances, all the way to him. Her head bends, and their helmets meet with a clink of armour. His hands find hers, and they don’t speak for long moments. This is the most open they’ve ever been, and he’s terrified she’ll be angry with him. “I thought…” “I did, too.” Her hands pull free, going to his mask. He never removes it in public. The troopers are all gone, but they might not stay gone. It’s like being stripped naked when she drops it to the floor, and fear makes him cold, but excited, too. His hands remove her helmet, and then their fingers sink into hair. “I can’t lose you.” She can’t promise he won’t. Instead, her lips seek his, and kiss the apology there instead. He can’t. He can’t. Even the thought of it makes the world go grey and red, and if it ever happens… “Not here,” she says, when the kiss breaks. No. Not here. They need the room to breathe, and remember.