„I‘m sorry (Y/N), we‘re not able to repair your ship at the moment.“ This was the moment you knew that you‘re fucked. The moment you realized that you‘re not able to meet the client on Arkanis to earn enough credits so you could pay off your debts. The missions you failed in the past few months really destroyed your reputation and you‘ve got less missions with less payment. This guy from Arkanis was the last person who gave you a chance to prove that you‘re actually a good smuggler, but now you disappointed him and even worse, you disappointed yourself. He won‘t give you a second chance for not showing up and letting him wait, that‘s for sure. Also, this was the third time this month that the First Order attacked you and this time they hit you where it hurt. You couldn‘t remember to piss them off in any kind of way, you always tried to stay as far away from them as you could but still they found and tried to destroy you. You thought about all the possibilities how the FO found you and why they tried to hurt particularly you when you felt a hand on your shoulder. „Y/N ! Listen when I‘m talking to you, did you hear what I told you ?“ , Bala-Tik asked slightly angry. „I‘m sorry! I got lost in my own thoughts. So uh… how do we solve this problem ? If my ship is broke I can‘t leave your place.“ Bala-Tik took his hand away from your shoulder and gave you a smirk. „Oh, that‘s not a problem. You can stay for a few days or weeks till we know what‘s up with your ship. We’ll repair it for you so don’t worry.“ The first good news you heard in weeks, probably months. Finally the friendship with Bala-Tik and the Guavian Death Gang paid off ! Bala-Tik was always a good friend of yours and the Guavians were skilled fighters. Of course, it was always dangerous to maintain a friendship with people who wouldn‘t hesitate to sell you for a corn-chip to bounty hunters if you pissed them off but luckily they liked you and you never upset them with anything so far. Bala-Tik waved his hand in front of your face and stopped when you finally paid attention to him again. „You really need to stop that, spacing out while talking to people, that's rude. Anyways, I wanted to add that you can‘t live here for free, you have to work for us if you want to stay here. As you might know… we canceled the contract with the Nexu Gang, our interests were too different and since then we‘re always looking for someone who takes care of our prisoners. Our cells are good but you know, it‘s never a bad thing to keep an eye on them. We could also need a new mechanic who takes care of our broken droids. Also we‘re looking for a new cook since someone, and I don‘t know who did that, killed the last one. And probably-“ You stopped him before he could list even more jobs. „I get it, you‘re looking for staff. Which job would suit me the best in your opinion?“ Bala-Tik furrowed his eyebrows. „You‘re a shitty cook so we can delete this option. Do you remember when I asked you to cook a decent lunch for Meera, Thabo and me? Disgusting. Or when you tried to repair Thabo‘s R2-Q5 droid !? Afterwards it tried to kill him ! It took me almost two months to convince him that you‘re just too stupid and unable to repair droids, he thought you did it on purpose. So.. I think we should delete this option as well. He couldn‘t help but smile at all the sweet memories. „I‘m not perfect, okay. And about Thabo‘s droid, I thought it‘s a BB-8 unit or something but no, it was some retro imperial R2-Q5 droid so don‘t blame me !“ Bala-Tik smirked and patted your back. „Then we have a new prison guard I guess. You‘re fine with that ?“ „Job is job, I think I‘m able to handle a few prisoners.“ „Good, your shift starts at eight in the morning. You remember where we keep our prisoners, right ?“ You nodded at him in agreement. „Fantastic, then follow me, I‘ll show you your room.“ He left the room you were talking in and went down a long corridor. After a while he stopped and pointed at a door. „This one‘s your room, Y/N.“ You gave the door a skeptical look. „I hope the room is not as dirty as the door.“ Bala-Tik chuckled at your words. „Don‘t worry, it‘s a pretty and comfy room. But let‘s talk about something more important than doors.“ Before he went any further he handed you a small key card over. „This card is able to open almost every door on the ship and you‘ll get access to our main computer. I‘ll allow you to keep the card for you stay on this ship but don‘t lose it. If one of our 'guests‘ or a prisoner on the run gets this card they could fuck us up really bad.“ „Good to know. Thank you for your trust in- … prisoners on the run !? What do you mean prisoners on the run ? Is it a common thing here that prisoners break free !?“ He laughed his nervousness off and tried to find the right words. „So… to be honest our cell blocks are kinda old. I would go so far to call them even antique… like… they don‘t run with electricity. That‘s the reason why we‘re always looking for prison guards. But don‘t worry, I think you‘ll do a great job ! And if you do your job good then no one will break free. Really, don‘t worry too much Y/N, you should get some rest. Don‘t forget, tomorrow eight in the morning at the prison sector, good night !“ He left you in disbelief before you were able to ask any more question. You knew that the Guavian Death Gang lost a bit of their affluence since they started to fight the First Order and Kanjiklub but you didn‘t know how poor they really were, you never thought something like a smuggler ship with non-electric cell blocks would exist but Bala-Tik proved you otherwise. Before you wasted any more thoughts on the quality lacking cell blocks you opened the door to your room and got comfortable there before falling asleep. The next day you met Bala-Tik in front of the prison sector. „Good morning Y/N, you‘re ready for your new job ?“ He seemed to be really cheerfully this morning, maybe because he was happy to have you back on his ship or maybe because there was no reason for him to fear escaping prisoners anymore. You were sure it was the second reason. „Of course I am, let‘s go “ Bala-Tik nodded and opened the door behind him, then you entered the prison sector together. The ‘sector’ was actually a very small corridor with a few cells on each side. Right next to the door stood a desk with a single chair, out of the sight of the prisoners. You counted the cells and the prisoners. „Twenty cells and seven prisoners at the moment ?“ You looked at Bala-Tik for confirmation when an unknown voice answered you instead of Bala-Tik. „You‘re able to count, I‘m proud of you ! The last prison guard couldn‘t even talk.“ Your cheeks flushed red and you felt mocked. „Don‘t get upset Y/N, those scumbags will taunt you from time to time because they’re lower life forms and they never learned to behave.“ Before you could answer, the same prisoner interrupted the conversation again. „My friend, you‘re the lower life form !“ , then he laughed at his own words. Bala-Tik continued again, this time with slight rage in his voice. „Especially THIS lower life form will taunt you.“ He walked over to Ben‘s cell and pointed at him. „As much as we know he‘s called Ben. You need to take special care of him because he‘s a trickster ! That‘s the reason why we tied his hands up but he‘s still able to use his little tricks and we don‘t really know how to stop him yet. But don‘t worry, you should be safe from his tricks as long as you won‘t lose stuff in his eyesight.“ You looked panicked at Bala-Tik. „I SHOULD be safe !? What if I lose something in his eyesight and don‘t notice ? Will he hurt me !?“ You weren‘t concerned about this job until now. If a prisoner would escape you could easily stop him and put him back into his cell, but you couldn‘t do anything against a prisoner with unknown skills who's able to hurt you even when his hands are tied up. You stepped closer to Ben‘s cell to get a better look of him. He looked like a totally normal person to you, better looking than the average but still. Ben bend down a bit so both of you were on the same level. „Don‘t be afraid, I won‘t hurt such a nice sweetheart like you.“ , then he winked at you. Now you were even more afraid, not only that, you were disgusted too. Bala-Tik waited for your reaction to Ben‘s flirty behavior but you didn‘t intend to give him any attention for his rudeness, instead you walked up to the desk next to the door to inspect it‘s drawers. „Bala-Tik, do I need any other informations ? Other prisoners who need a special treatment as well ?“ Bala-Tik followed you to the desk and scratched his head. „Actually not. But if I really think about it… the giant fur ball next to Mr.Lower Life Form’s cell seems to be a friend of him. Don‘t let them interact with each other too much.“ He placed a blaster on the desk and looked into your eyes. „Listen, don‘t hesitate to shoot. Do your best and don‘t let them bother you ! If they make too much trouble ask me or even better one of the Guavians for help.“ With these words he left the prison sector. You felt overwhelmed by the whole situation, that‘s not how you imagined the job. You thought the prisoners would be isolated in their cells where you couldn‘t see or hear them. Out of nowhere you heard a loud growl behind you. „Stop complaining, I should complain, my hands are tied up and not yours.“ Ben seemed to answer the growl so you walked slowly up to him to check out where it came from. „Hey, sweety. Do you already miss my face ? Because I do, I didn‘t look into a mirror since weeks, I don’t even know how I look like at the moment.“ Ben sounded less provocative but actually really sad about this fact. „Not really, you‘re not that good looking. I just want to check where that growling came from.“ To be honest, he were one of the prettiest people you‘ve ever seen but you didn‘t want to admit this fact towards him. Ben blushed a bit and smiled at you happily. You didn‘t know why but you bet that he tried to upset you again. Out of nowhere the Wookie across from Ben's cell started to growl again, this time louder and more aggressive than the first time. You couldn‘t help but whince as a result of fear. You turned around to see a big, furry creature hitting the cell bars. Ben stopped to giggle and looked kinda angry at the creature. „Chewbacca, stop that ! This won‘t help us and you‘re scaring the cute lady to death.“ You turned around to Ben when your eyes met. „Both of you, stop talking and acting up !“ This command was ridiculous but the whole situation intimidated you so you went back to your desk really fast. You weren‘t a person who‘s easy to startle but Ben freaked you out and the giant growling Wookie did too. The only good thing was that at least the other prisoners behaved. But… a thing which bothered you now were the name of the Wookie. You heard this name many times before but you couldn‘t remember in which context. Unexpecedly, Ben called for you. „Hey !! Please come back, Chewie won‘t scare you anymore and he even said that he‘s sorry.“ Chewbacca growled in disapproval. „Shhhh ! Shut up, she won‘t forgive us if you refuse to apologize. Stop to act like a flea-bitten fur ball and start to act like the well mannered Wookie that you are !“ Chewbacca gasped insulted over Ben’s rude words. You couldn‘t believe what happened behind your back. You‘ve been always a good person, you stole from the rich and never from the poor, you killed people only when someone paid you for it and still, you ended up with this idiot and his walking flea-carpet. You felt a burning heat inside you, you were furious. „Did you just called me an idiot !? Naughty, you‘re not as sweet and nice as you look like. Also stop calling Chewie those stupid names, my dad and I are the only people who are allowed to do that.“ You turned around to him in disbelief. It seemed that he heard what you thought and you were pretty sure that this was one of the tricks Bala-Tik warned you about. You walked up to his cell again. You stood there for a moment, trying to collect yourself before speaking but Ben already took the word. „You think really loud, do you know that ? And don't look at me like that, I don‘t like to see that pretty face of yours so angry. I know certain ways to cheer you up again, ways which you’d agree with !” He smiled at you but you clenched your fist in anger. _____ Your face turned red and you felt mocked by Ben. He sensed your anger and didn’t expect that your words would upset you that much. „Hey… I‘m sorry. Honestly. I didn‘t mean to be rude or insulting but I‘m here since a longer time now and it‘s frustrating, no one speaks my language except for Bala-Tik, which is an asshole, and I generally don’t talk often to girls, even when I’m not locked away in a cell. Besides, do you want to know how I‘m able to hear your thoughts ? It‘s not a trick, it‘s actually simple to explain.“ His apology sounded honest and of course you wanted to know how he did it but you were still too angry, you didn‘t want to answer him anymore. Unasked Ben continued to talk. „Did you ever heard about the force ?“ You hesitated to answer him for a moment because you were sure that he tried to tease you with something again but his words made you curious. „What kind of force ?“ Ben seemed to be happy that you replied to his question. „No, not what kind of force, the force. It’s an energy field created by all living things. It surrounds us and penetrates us. It binds the galaxy together. The force allows me to manipulate people and even to move objects, or in your case to read the thoughts of other people. That‘s just the simple explanation, actually it‘s a bit more complex. It is what gives a Jedi his power. Now I bet you ask yourself ‘what‘s a Jedi ?’ , am I right ? I‘ll explain it to you !“ Suddenly you felt something gently moving in your pocket. You looked down at yourself only to see how your key card tried to free itself from its captivity. You quickly grabbed the card and looked at Ben in shock. He looked aside and pretended not to know what happened. „God damnit. I uh… didn‘t do that, I think your key card is possessed.“ You scoffed at his words. „You literally explained to me how you did it a few seconds ago ! Not that I‘d believe your hocus pocus force nonsense but don‘t pretend that you didn‘t do it ! And another thing-“ Suddenly the prison sector door opened behind you. You turned towards the door to see Bala-Tik, Meera and Thabo. Meera was the Commander of the Guavian Death Gang and Thabo the main Captain. It was never a good sign when they arrived together, no, it was a sign of trouble. They came over to you and Ben and Meera greeted you with soft whistle noises. „Good day ! How can I help you ?“ , you asked nervously. Meera came a step closer and tilted her head at you. You couldn‘t see her face through the helmet but you felt her gaze wandering between you and Ben. You knew that she sensed something, probably the tension between you. You looked slightly concerned to Bala-Tik when you noticed that he unlocked the safety catch of his blaster before he began to talk. „We need to have a nice word with this prisoner but first I‘d like to ask you something, Y/N.“ Ben moaned enraged and interrupted him. „Remember the last time when you wanted to have a ‘NICE WORD’ with me !? Because I do ! I had a bad headache for three days and you let me clean up my own blood from the floor afterwards, so how about you take your IT-O droid and shove it up your ass you son of a bantha !“ Ben‘s harsh words perplexed you. You knew exactly what kind of techniques the Guavian Death Gang used to make their prisoners talk but it never included a method where the prisoner would end up bleeding. They tortured psychological, not physically. Besides, it was almost impossible to get access to those droids unless you work for the First Order. „Bala-Tik, only the First Order still uses these droids. I don‘t want to be rude or nosy but where did you get them from ? I thought the Guavian Death Gang is AGAINST the First Order and their methods. I thought you hate them, explain this to me !“ Bala-Tik raised his blaster and pointed it at you. „That‘s not important for you and you‘re not in the position to ask us something like that. Also since when are you so curious about our methods ? You never questioned anything we did before so why are you doing it now ? The answer to your question won‘t spare Ben from his next interrogation anyway so how about you tell us what happened here before we interrupted your conversation.“ You tried to avoid his gaze. „Nothing happened here and we had no conversation.“ Bala-Tik snickered over your words, he knew that you lied to him. „If nothing happened then why are you standing here, right in front of his cell ? Also we heard you talking to him before we entered and I told you explicitly NOT to talk to him, so what was your conversation about ? For your own sake, tell us or we‘ll abandon you where we found you.“ You flinched at his words and you didn‘t know what to tell him. Ben was annoying, you felt mocked by him the moment you entered the sector but being annoying wasn‘t a reason to get him into more trouble than he already was, especially when his punishment would be getting tortured with one of those terrible IT-O droids again. Also you were afraid what Bala-Tik, Meera and Thabo would do to you if they‘d know that you almost lost your key card to a prisoner, especially after Bala-Tik warned you about him. „Y/N, we‘re friends since a really long time now. I trust you, really, but we we won‘t spare your life if you betray us, if you try to harm us or if you withhold informations so tell us what you talked about.“ You gaze wandered to Meera and you tried to think about a good excuse when Ben took the word. „Your dearest Y/N told me and Chewie to shut up because we had a bit too much fun here. I saw my chance and tried to steal your friends key card… but the cutie was too smart for me ! I wasn‘t able to fool her, I tried so hard but I failed.“ Bala-Tik squinted his eyes while looking at Ben. „This sounds believable but I‘d rather hear the story out of Y/N‘s mouth.“ Ben shrugged. „Oh, maybe she would tell you if you‘d stop to point the blaster in her direction. I‘d refuse to tell you the story like this too. I know it‘s hard but you should use your brain from time to time, pretty boy.“ Bala-Tik lowered his blaster and pinched the bridge of his nose. „Meera, Thabo, get him out of his cell and bring him to room C447. Ensure that he won‘t be able to use his mouth for more insults when I arrive.“ With these words said, Chewbacca started to freak out in his cell. He growled and hit against the cell bars. Ben tried to calm him a bit. „Chewbacca ! Stop that and listen to me, I‘ll survive this like I did last time, like I do every time someone tries to torture or to kill me. Please keep calm, I‘ll be back soon. Hopefully…“ With these last words spoken Meera and Thabo led him away. Chewbacca stopped his rampage and made whiny noises. You kept your eyes on Ben as long as you could until he left the prison sector. You felt terrible and you couldn‘t believe what he did. It was stupid of him to admit that he tried to steal your key card. Also insulting Bala-Tik several times in front of Meera and Thabo wasn‘t the smartest thing to do, but he took in a good word for you. It was totally insane that Ben did this for a stranger, to take all the punishment to himself so Bala-Tik would spare you. You couldn‘t imagine what Bala-Tik and the others would do to him now, you didn‘t want to imagine. Bala-Tik sighed loud and patted your shoulder. „Listen Y/N, listen carefully, NEVER question our methods or our opinion on the First Order again. It‘s not your business, it was never, it will never. Also don‘t think that I‘ll trust you to one hundred percent again. I noticed the way Meera looked at you when we talked to you. She probably did that for a good reason. I don‘t know what was going on between you and Ben but I noticed and won‘t tolerate it. I‘ll keep an eye on you, it would be a shame to kill you because you feel the need to betray us for some dirty smuggler boy. Understood ?“ You nodded at him. „Good.. I‘ll take care of your new friend for a few hours so don‘t even think about bothering me unless it‘s really important.“ He glanced for a short moment at Chewbacca and left the prison sector. You never felt so angry in all your life before. Now you knew the truth about Bala-Tik and the Guavian Death Gang, his behavior told you enough. He‘d never admit it out loud but he the First Order and the Guavian Death Gang are indeed allies. After thinking about this a bit longer, you came to the conclusion that this could be also the reason why Kanjiklub fought against them and why the Nexu Gang canceled their contract with the Guavians, both Gangs hate the First Order and their ‘friends’. Also you were pretty sure that it wasn‘t a coincidence, that the First Order attacked you so aggressively the last few months and this could also explain why the Guavians came to your rescue so fast. You didn‘t know for sure but this was also not the right time to think about this problem. You needed to leave this ship as soon as you could because if it was true, and the Guavians were really allies with the First Order, then you were in more trouble than you thought. You didn‘t want to maintain a friendship with First Order bootlickers. More important, with people who torture and probably murder smugglers for unknown reasons so you decided to save your annoying force friend before Bala-Tik, or even worse Meera gets the chance to lay a hand on him. Chapter 2 It would‘ve been a bead idea to simply interrupt Bala-Tik during the interrogation, you had to think of something better, something smarter. You probably had to fight him and the others and you couldn‘t do this alone, not even with the help of the blaster which Bala-Tik gave you. You lost yourself in thoughts how to defeat Bala-Tik when Chewbacca growled again, he caught your attention with it. „Don‘t worry fur ball, I‘ll save your friend before anyone can harm him and then... then... hey, you could help me ! I‘ll get you out of your cell and then we‘ll safe Ben together ! Any ideas how to open this cell ?“ Chewbacca pointed at the key card in your pockets and you pulled it out. You checked the lock of Chewbacca‘s cell out but the key card wasn‘t the right tool to open it. „Uhm... my key card will do nothing, we need actual keys for this lock.“ Chewbacca growled and shook his head. „Hey. You‘re not yelling me, are you ? What do you want me to do with the key card ?“ He looked aside and pointed in the direction of a durasteel box at the end of the corridor. „The box on the wall ?“ This time he nodded at you so you walked over to the box to check it out. A few loose wires and some golden keys hung in it and you were sure that this were the keys to open the cells. You tried to open the box with your bare hands until you found a small screen with a keypad and card slot next to it. You placed your key card in the card slot and the system accepted it but asked for a code. You tried to remember if Bala-Tik gave you a code but you were pretty sure that he didn‘t. Gladly you remembered some good advice a burglar from Arkanis gave you once, he told you that many people would use their birth date as safety code and it was worth a try. You entered the first four numbers of Bala-Tik‘s birth date but the screen showed you an error sign, it was the wrong code. Nextly you tried the last four numbers of his birthday but still, the screen showed you an error sign again. Maybe the burglar was a fucking liar or Bala-Tik wasn‘t one of the ‚many people‘ who use their birth date as safety code. You tried to think of anything Bala-Tik would use as code but nothing came to your mind. You turned to Chewbacca to ask him for help. „Hey Chewbacca, I need to enter a code but I don‘t have one, did someone mention a code in your presence ?“ He shook his head and you went back to his cell. You studied the lock once again and got an idea. You ran over to the desk to pick up the blaster, then you came back to Chewie. „Okay, here‘s my plan. This is a simple stupid lock and you‘re a giant, really strong looking... thing. It shouldn‘t be impossible for you to kick this lock in. I‘ll warm the steel up with the blaster to make it a bit easier for you. Roger that ?“ Chewbacca looked a bit skeptical but he nodded at you. You pointed the blaster without further a do at the lock and started to shoot it multiple times till it changed it color from gray to yellow-reddish. „Destroy it !“ Chewbacca growled loud and hit and kicked against the lock as hard as he could. It took a few punches but then the lock broke and Chewbacca was able to open the door. „I‘m so proud of you ! And... please don‘t hurt me, you looked not so dangerous when you was locked up in your cell.“ Chewbacca didn‘t intend to hurt you and patted you on your back. „RrrrrRRRRRgghh.“ „I don‘t speak fur ballish but well said. Now we need to... uh... what you doing ?“ You stared at Chewbacca in confusion. He walked over to the durasteel box you tried to open before and ripped it open to grab the golden keys. „We don‘t need the keys anymore, you‘re free ! Stop this nonsense and let‘s get out of here.“ Chewbacca pointed at the other cells. „No, don‘t you dare fuzzball ! I don‘t know who or what they are but I‘m pretty sure that they‘ll fight us if we set them free.“ He didn‘t care about your opinion and started to talk with the remaining prisoners, it almost looked like as if he‘d negotiate with them. You waited impatient at the door, ready to shot the other prisoners if they‘d dare it to attack you or Chewbacca. After their conversation Chewbacca opened all cells. „Are they willing to help us ? If that‘s the case tell them to follow me silently.“ This said, you opened the door to leave the prison sector. Your heart stood still for a moment, Roselle, one of the Guavian Death Gang Captains stood in front of you. You took a few steps back and stared at her. She whistled angry at you and reached down for her blaster when she saw the free prisoners but two of them knocked her already down. One of them sat on top of Roselle and pretended her from moving. You took away her blaster and gave it to Chewbacca. „Take care of her when we leave the sector, we‘ll take her with us, she can show us where room C447 is.“ You looked down at Roselle but she shrugged and shook her head. „Don‘t shake your head and pretend like you don‘t know where this room is ! If you try something devious or if you refuse to cooperate with us the one weird looking prisoner will eat you, or I will shoot you, maybe both ! And don‘t even think about to talk to your friends via high frequency signals, I know about this shit and will notice if you communicate with them in any kind of way, don‘t test me.“ Chewbacca growled loud to give your speech more strength and Roselle winced in fear. „As said, no tricks and avoid the other Guavians.“ Chewbacca held his blaster against Roselle‘s back and both went ahead, you and the other prisoners followed them silently. Your march through the ship corridors went pretty well, no Death Gang members, Roselle didn‘t try to contact any of her team members as far as you could tell and it seemed that no one heard the confrontation in the prison sector. Everything went well. too well in your opinion. After a while you reached the stairwell which led to the other floors. Of course the door to it was closed and you had to open it with your key card. Chewbacca and Roselle stepped aside and you pulled your card out of your pocket to hold it in front of the sensor. The door opened but the alarm system went off at the same time. You glanced at your card and then at Roselle. „You little bitch, I said no tricks !“ Roselle whistled panicked, she didn‘t know herself why the alarm system went off. The other prisoners ran away in panic so you were alone with her and Chewbacca. „Oh my stars, fuck this ship, fuck Bala-tik, fuck the other prisoners, I knew everything went too good ! If we‘re lucky then Bala-Tik and the others left Ben alone to check who or what caused the alarm.“ You pointed angry at Roselle. „And I know that you caused the alarm, I bet my ship on it but you‘ll still show us where the dumb room is, move on.“ Chewbacca opened the stairwell door and Roselle went ahead, climbing up the stairs to the C floor. You couldn‘t see any Death Gang members when you finally entered the C floor but you heard screams and shots. You wondered what happened when a voice began to talk through speakers. - Attention, we‘re under attack by an unknown crew, they already infiltrated the ship and all Captains are requested at bay one to defeat the enemies. The remaining members are asked to find and kill intruders who already cause trouble on the ship. Thanks for listening. - „Well, maybe you didn‘t cause the alarm but it wasn‘t unfair of me to think that you did. But they‘re not looking for us, are they ?“ You looked at Chewie for confirmation but he just shrugged. „Hm. If the Captain here shut her mouth then they‘re not looking for us and we‘re not suspicious for them...“ A few seconds after you ended your sentence you heard a loud explosion behind you in the stairwell. „Suspicious, non suspicious, let‘s get Ben !“ Chewbacca gave Roselle a push and she led you further to the room where Bala-Tik kept Ben. The blaster shots and yelling people around you became louder the longer you wandered around. Minutes later and you finally reached the room where Ben was supposed to be. „Keep an eye out for me Chewbacca, I‘ll go first.“ He shook his head and shoved Roselle aside. It seemed that he insisted to go first so you let him. „If you want... I‘ve got your back, go !“ This said Chewbacca opened the door, he was ready to fight and his blaster ready to shoot. When the door opened you both were in shock. The room was completely empty, visibly used but empty, not even Ben was in there. A few small bloodstains on the floor told you that something happened before you arrived. „Oh fuck... Chewbacca I‘m so sorry... but it‘s impossible that we‘re too late.“ Chewbacca growled in anger. He grabbed Roselle by her wrist and pulled her into the room while yelling at her. „Chewbacca don‘t hurt her, strap her on the restraint chair and search for hints where they went. We can‘t waste too much time, the ship is under attack and we-“ Suddenly you felt a blaster against your back and someone held their hand over your mouth to keep it shut. „Don‘t you dare to turn around and shoot, I‘m faster than you ever wish to be kiddo.“, the voice whispered. Your eyes widened and you felt scared. You didn‘t know to whom the voice belonged. It wasn‘t Bala-Tik‘s, neither Ben‘s and especially not the voice of a Guavian since they don‘t communicate with words. Chewbacca turned back to you after he strapped Roselle to the chair and looked at you perplexed. You hoped he‘d shot the person but he showed no reaction at all and did nothing. „Don‘t stare at me like I‘m Vader‘s holy spirit, take away her weapon !“ Chewbacca ran over to you and pushed you aside to hug and cuddle the person who threatened you. He seemed to know the guy so you watched them and kept silent to wait what they have to say. „Agh ! Chewie let go of me and take her blaster !“ „Rrrrrrr-ghghgh.“ „Oh, is that so ? Ben only mentioned a prison guard but not particularly a girl.“ „Urrrrr. Rghgh ?“ „She is !? You know what, I don‘t even care if you guys cleared the situation up already. And for your information, Ben is according to the circumstances fine. But what about you, did they hurt you ?“ You interrupted the conversation. „Uhm... I don‘t want to be rude but this ship is under attack and I don‘t think it‘s the right time to talk. Besides, who are you even ?“ The man furrowed his eyebrows. „Hah, this ship and the Guavian Death Gang is under attack by me and my crew, I‘m Han Solo. We‘re almost in charge of everything here but we didn‘t found Bala-Tik yet.“ You couldn‘t help but gasp in excitement. You heard many stories about Han Solo when you were younger and now you knew why the name ‚Chewbacca‘ sounded so familiar to you. „Hey, stop staring me kid. As said, I need to look out for Bala-Tik but you and Chewie can go to Ben, he should be with a few of my soldiers at bay one to arrest the Guavians.“ Chewbacca whined sad. „We‘ll see each other later Chewie, take care of the girl, it‘s too dangerous for her to wander around alone. I bet Ben is happy to see you out of your cell too.“ „I‘m able to take care of myself ! Chewbacca you can stay with Solo if you want to.“ „Did you just call me ‚Solo‘ ?“ „Uh... Mr.Solo ? Han ? Mr.Han ? Sir ?“ „Ugh, that‘s not so important but you can‘t wander around alone with a Guavian blaster, my men will think you‘re one of them.“ „Oh ! I didn‘t think of that...“ „Leave now, I‘ll join you guys later when I found this little rat Bala-Tik.“ You nodded at him and so you left the room with Chewbacca to head off to bay one. It took you a while to find the right way until a few of Han Solo‘s crew members crossed told you exactly where to go. You looked out for Ben when you arrived at the bay but he was nowhere to be seen, only a few of Han Solo‘s soldiers were there to take care of the Guavians. Chewbacca made a few sad and disappointed noises. „Don‘t worry Chewbacca, maybe he went back to search Bala-Tik or to look after Mr.Han Solo.“ You thought about all the possibilities where he could be when someone tackled Chewbacca from behind. „Chewbaccaaaa, my friend !“ It was Ben, clearly happy to see his friend without cell bars in his eyesight. Chewbacca turned around and pulled him into a hug. „Agh... okay Chewie, enough, enough, I can‘t breathe !“ It was really cute to see them so happy together and you couldn‘t help but smile at them. Chewbacca let go of him and Ben looked over to you. „Hey cutie... good to see you unharmed and alive. I think now is a good moment to thank you for not telling Bala-Tik that I tried to steal your key card. I heard your thoughts and knew what you thought in this moment about me, and I know how afraid you were so it means even more to me. Also thank you for taking care of Chewbacca.“ Chewbacca growled disapproving. „Oh no, I know you long enough to know that the girl took care of you and not the other way 'round you fuzzy trouble maker !“ Chewbacca gasped insulted and you stepped between them. „Hey ! We actually helped each other, Chewbacca was really brave and it‘s good to see you as well... almost unharmed. What did Bala-Tik to you ? And how did you escape ? We went to the room where he took you but you were already gone.“ „Well, Bala-Tik and the other two clowns left me alone when they heard that their ship was under attack and shortly after they left me the soldiers of my dad came to free me.“ You looked at him at disbelief. „Your dad ? Han Solo is your father !?" Ben sighed. „Yes, yes he is. I guess you heard of him or met him already ? Because I get this reaction a lot from people who did.“ „I‘m sorry but... I grew up with his stories and I never knew that he and Leia got a child ! But you look like him and the names you give Chewbacca are almost the same.“ Ben scoffed over your words. „I DON‘T look like him ! With all due respect but I look better than he ever did, even in his young days and he‘s so old and -“ A voice from behind interrupted your conversation. „Say it out, I dare you son ! I‘m old but my ears still work perfectly fine !“ It was Han Solo in the company of Bala-Tik. „You kids wouldn‘t believe where we found him, he hid in the vent shafts. Ben, you can take the Millenium Falcon and leave with Chewbacca. My soliders and I take care of the rest.“ „If you insist, anything you want me to tell mom ?“ „Tell your mom that you‘d never run away from your home because that‘s what she thought you did with Chewbacca when you didn‘t come back from your last mission.“ Ben rolled his eyes. „Yeah dad, she‘ll understand.“ „And take care of my ship ! I‘ll disinherit you if I see a single scratch on my baby !“ „Okay dad, it's okay ! I‘ll read it a goodnight story when we arrive.“ „You better do my son.“ Then Han led Bala-Tik away. Ben sighed annoyed and leaned over to Chewbacca. „Get the Falcon ready, I‘ll be right after you but I need to talk to the lady first.“ Chewbacca nodded at him and walked over to the Millenium Falcon. „Finally... so about you, my dear.“ He turned back to you. „What will you do now ? Do you go home or do you have any other plans ?“ „My ship was my home but it got damaged by the First Order, that‘s how I got to the job here. I don‘t think they repaired it yet, I mean it‘s my second day here and they had probably no time for that.“ „Huh. That‘s bad, I‘m really sorry for you. And your job ? I guess it‘s invalid now since my father arrested Bala-Tik. Are you looking for a new job ? What did you work before you ended up here ?“ He smiled at you but you tried to avoid his gaze. „I worked as smuggler and I actually do, I can‘t afford a new ship otherwise...“ Ben laid one arm around your neck. „A smuggler ! That‘s neat, as you know I‘m a smuggler too and I‘m looking for staff. Am I allowed to ask you under which name you‘re known in the scene ?“ You blushed and you couldn‘t believe what he offered you. „This would be amazing ! They called me simply Y/L/N.“ „Oh... I heard you lost a bit of your shine lately, many failed missions and stuff.“ „Don‘t remind me Ben...“ His words made you sad, you didn‘t know that people would say something like that about you. It was the truth but it still felt terrible to hear it. Ben noticed the mistake he made and tried to cheer you up. „Don‘t be sad, sweety ! This happened to all of you at some point and I won‘t change my mind about the job. I bet Chewbacca would like to have you around too, he likes you.“ „I‘m overwhelmed , thank you so, so much ! But I have to ask you for something.“ He raised his eyebrows and let go of you. „Of course, what do you want my dear ?“ „Please stop with the pet names, I don‘t like this. Call me Y/N, you can give me pet names when we know each other better or when we‘re in a closer relationship.“ His eyes widened. „I‘ll call you whatever you want if this means that you‘re not disinterested !“ You rolled your eyes and laughed. „There‘s a chance for you, you‘re not a bad guy and kinda pretty.“ Ben pulled you into a hug and looked seductively down at you. „Oh no, a few hours ago you said I‘m one of the prettiest people you‘ve ever seen.“ „You‘re one of the deadest people I‘ve ever seen if you try me !“ Ben let go of you and took you by your hand instead while laughing. „I‘m sorry Y/N, I got overwhelmed. Come, I‘ll show you the Millenium Falcon, I bet you‘re excited to see what it looks like after all the stories you heard !“