AR-670-1 Chapter 3, Section B-3. :Males will keep their face clean-shaven when in uniform or civilian clothes on duty. Rey is awoken when the bed dips and the patter of water in the shower starts, but she refuses to open her eyes just yet. Unlike Ren, Hux is a creature of habit, she knows just how long she has before he’s heading for the bridge. She counts four minutes exactly before the shower turns off. Two minutes to comb his hair and apply whatever it is he uses to keep it slicked back. Another two minutes for his oral hygiene routine. He’ll shave next, skin softened from the hot water, and Rey finds it curious that he still insists on using an antiquated straight razor instead of the electrolysis treatments or hair suppressants many of the military men seemed to favor. It’s a strange habit, given his proclivity for efficiency in all other things. Rey stretches lazily before sitting up. Out of habit and necessity when he’s gone, Rey reaches out to Kylo through their bond and is reassured by the dark fire of his presence in the back of her mind. She grabs the black silk robe from the chair next to the bed, belting it loosely around her waist. Hux keeps it cool in his quarters, and her nipples pucker against the smooth fabric as she crosses her arms and leans on the doorway. He’s dressed in a black sleeveless undershirt and his breeches, with a hand towel around his neck. Hux has the strop attached to the wall, the blade dragging back and forth over the canvas side. The slide of the blade is controlled, measured. Six times on one side, six on the leather side before the strop is removed from the peg and dropped into the black leather toiletry bag on the counter. The brush and cup are out, the brush already sitting in a thick white foam, and she scans over the tiny bottles of pre-shave oil and after-shave lotion lined up beside them. He’s just started the first few quick, short strokes when he sees her, his cool blue eyes taking in her sleep-rumpled hair and the ridiculously oversized robe before catching hers in the mirror. He finishes the path halfway across his cheek to his ear and rinses the blade, giving it a quick swipe on the towel before he sets it down and speaks to her reflection as he rearranges the items on the counter. “If you’re going to stand there, you might as well make yourself useful.” He then turns to her and his pale hands encompass her hips, maneuvering her so she is between him and the counter. He presses forward, his body sliding between her legs, and in a sudden motion, his hands slide under her silk-covered ass and lift her onto the hard surface. Turning back to their reflections, he picks up the brush and the small metal cup and hands them to her. After a moment, she swirls it around like she’s seen him do, and applies the foam thickly across his cheek. She continues to watch, fascinated, as he lifts the blade and tilts his head. The straight razor clears a new swath of stubble from his face, leaving smooth, clean skin in its wake. Incredibly close, not a single nick. His hand is practiced, steady, and sure. When he has lowered the dangerous blade to rinse it again, and only then, does she speak.“Do you ever cut yourself?” His eyes, amused, flick to hers. “Rarely.” A tilt of his head and a series of quick short strokes clear the stubble beneath his chin. A few more swipes and his upper lip is clear as well, leaving only his right cheek. He carefully traces his sideburns before rinsing the blade again. He reaches over and takes the cup and brush from her, then takes her hand, his fingers curling over hers in the right places on the blade. Her eyes widen in surprise. “Try it.” he says. “You want me to do it?” she asks, eyes resting on the keen edge of the razor. “Your proficiency with a light-saber should extend to any blade,” he remarks. He’s seen her training with Ren in the armory gymnasium, and any fool who made the mistake of misjudging her experience with a weapon wouldn’t live to regret it. When her eyes lift back up to his, it’s the way he’s looking at her that makes her forget her discomfort. He has a way of looking at her like she is nothing...and everything. Hux leans forward, his arms on either side of her, and holds her gaze as he removes his hands from the counter and places them atop her thighs. His palms are warm through the silk as they slowly slide up, spanning wide to cover her hips. His eyes flick briefly to the blade, held motionless beside her, before his fingers dig in and he brings her against him in a harsh jerk. The movement rearranges the robe, parting it further where her legs are already spread around him, revealing a sliver of bare flesh. He turns his hand and ghosts his knuckles up over the exposed line of her belly, achingly slow, achingly soft, so that by the time he has traced a line up her sternum, past the thin skin between her breasts, her chest has blossomed with a pretty pink blush. He continues the line to her neck, brushing back a stray curl, and doesn't miss the way she leans into his touch. She’s holding her breath, he realizes. “Breathe.” He murmurs, breath warm against her cheek. Her breath stutters out and she blinks, giving an almost imperceptible shake of her head. She clears her throat and lifts the blade. “Careful, girl .” he says, but his face is devoid of the sneer that used to accompany that word and her presence on board his ship. Rey’s face becomes a mask of concentration as she tests the blade first on her finger, then presses it against his cheek as she makes three swipes, clearing the remainder of the foam. Hux straightens, inspecting her work, and it’s the briefest softening of his face that tells her he’s satisfied with the result. His eyes slide back to hers and it’s really all the warning she gets before the hand on her shoulder slides to the back of her neck and grabs, pulling her against his chest as he tilts her back. The straight razor clatters against the counter as she’s forced to drop it, her arms instinctively wrapping around his shoulders, although she knows he won’t let her fall. There’s an arm around her waist, sliding her further down the counter, then that hand is sliding between her legs. When he encounters slick moisture, he doesn’t waste time, driving two fingers into her and crooking them up against her fluttering forward wall, stroking relentless as a heartbeat while his thumb slides up and presses against her clit. Rey gasps and curls into him, the waves of heat his fingers spark off with every stroke and the solid mass of his body making it suddenly too hot. When she comes, its hard, her vision whiting out and the wet sound of his plunging fingers and the low purr of his “Good girl,” reduced to a high-pitched buzz, her head bowing back hard. The hand on the back of her neck slides up, protecting her from cracking it against the durasteel wall. His fingers stay rooted in her soft heat until the tremors stop, then he carefully withdraws, setting them both upright. Hux washes his hands while she catches her breath, and in a matter of seconds all of his toiletries are packed away and stored beneath the counter. He pulls the towel from around his neck and deposits it into the laundry chute before heading for the closet, leaving the ‘fresher spotless as he always does. Rey slides down from the counter once she trusts her legs to hold her, and re-belts the robe as the service droid activates from it’s charging port in the wall and begins to whir about the room, stripping the bed sheets. She sighs, her plans of going back to bed disrupted, and arches a brow at Hux. The service droid is on a timer, and he is usually long gone before it comes on. He’s late. “They can wait,” he answers her unspoken question. Hux will take three minutes to finish dressing, his uniform shirts hung facing the same direction and evenly spaced from each other. Another two minutes to pull on his boots, scuff-free and polished to a mirror shine. Thirty seconds to inspect himself in the mirror on the back of the door to ensure he meets all regulations. Rey spares him a few seconds by handing him his gloves and his datapad, and he gives her a surprisingly playful swat before heading for the bridge. Notes: Not really sure what this is? Just fell out of my brain. I wanted to take something not usually seen as sexy ( shaving) and challenge myself to see if I could make it interesting. Did it work? Unbeta'd, all mistakes are mine. Comments and likes are life, let me know what you think :) Come say hi! Fatalfascination on tumblr.