Prologue Prologue Flying among the planets that made up First Order space, the Star Destroyer Finalizer was an imposing vessel. It bristled with weaponry, a floating city built for inspiring terror and imposing violence. On the bridge, a console lit up, streams of text flowing across the screen. The officer on duty, young and eager to prove herself, felt a burst of exhilaration at what she was reading. This was great news, important news, the kind of news that mobilized starships and sent entire fleets halfway across the galaxy. The kind of news one didn’t need to be afraid to deliver. Lt. Amata stood, straightening her uniform with a brisk tug, and informed her superior of her intention before she set off in search of the intel’s true recipient. Another officer was at her station before she reached the door. The ship was massive, on the impressive scale preferred by the First Order. Even at such a late hour it buzzed with activity, with officers manning terminals or overseeing operations, while troopers drilled and patrolled the vessel. As there was no true day on a ship, only a regulated cycle with alternating shifts, it didn’t really matter what the time was. Even so, she retained a sense of a day/night cycle, remnant of a lifetime spent planetside, and according to that cycle it was night. Everyone maintained an attitude of disciplined readiness, but it was miles from the overbearing adrenaline-fueled rush of action. A rush they might all be feeling very soon. She passed a double column of Stormtroopers heading in the opposite direction, watching the overhead lights glint on twin rows of perfectly white armour as she stepped into the lift. The officers quarters were close to the bridge for obvious reasons. Bypassing the majority of the high ranking officers’ rooms, Amata turned down the narrow corridor that branched from the main hallway. Everyone knew not to come this way unless it was absolutely necessary and most were perfectly happy to follow the unwritten rule. Despite the fact that she came bearing good news, she couldn’t help but feel increasingly nervous as she approached the door at the end of the hall. The man behind it was at best temperamental, and at worst, well, there was a reason they’d starting drawing lots when the news to be delivered was bad. She’d been lucky enough not to be on the receiving end herself, but even coming with good news was no guarantee he wouldn’t unleash his famous temper on her for disturbing him, particularly so late in the ‘day’. Thrusting her chin high, the lieutenant reached a hand out to the door control. Before she made contact the door slid open, revealing the hulking, black-cloaked figure of Kylo Ren. It was as if he’d known she was there. Having heard the second-hand reports of his power, it wouldn’t have surprised her if he had. Careful to look into the slitted eyes of the chrome-edged mask - replacement to the one lost on Starkiller Base - and not to give in to temptation and peek around him to see the darkly lit room behind, she steeled her spine and presented herself with confidence. He tended to respond better to confidence. He stood silent, waiting for her to speak, but he wouldn’t wait long. Amata was pleased to hear the controlled sound of her own voice, not giving away either her fear or her excitement, as she reported, “We’ve received an intelligence report from the Core, my lord.” The mask distorted his voice, making it deeper and sounding more aggressive than anyone else she knew. His reply was a simple, impatient, “And?” “There’s been a sighting.” Chapter 2 : The Dig The Dig Norah Five years. That was how long Norah Voss had spent borrowing money she’d never repay, travelling from world to world, fighting where necessary, hunting down and digging through ancient databases looking for kernels of forgotten data, and now digging an entire building complex out of the valley floor of a minuscule planet orbiting a tiny sun. All this because - if she was right - once, long ago, this had been a Jedi temple. Harsh light from the red dwarf known as Alsimer turned everything shades of crimson. The vegetation on this world was uniformly black to Norah’s human eyes, varying only in shape and size. The valley lay caught between the extremes of black and red, in the shadow of the aptly named Shrinking Mountains. Harsh winter rains washed down the mountainsides to drown the valley every year, carrying layers of sediment and leaving them behind as the waters receded in the late spring. Over the centuries these layers had slowly buried the temple, until only the peaks of the buildings remained aboveground, while the mountains had steadily grown smaller. When she’d arrived on this world there had been no clue as to the precise location of the ruins. It was only fate, or possibly an act of the Force, that led her to her guide, Ochada. The six-armed local who’d grown up close enough to play among the buried spires - only recently arrived in the capital city, Hameria, himself -happened to see her advertisement for a local guide with knowledge of ruins. Arjanaz had only one city large enough to merit an operational space port, and Hameria was clear on the far side of the planet from the ruins. Without their chance meeting, she doubted she’d have been able to locate the temple herself. Taking a moment to lift her goggles and wipe the sweat from her eyes, Norah surveyed the dig site. In less than a month, local standard, they had produced scans of the uppermost level of the temple, identified the central building, and entirely cleared its roof of nearly five and a half meters of soil. Because of the depth they’d had to dig a secondary section down to the half-way mark in order to bridge the gap between the surface and the roof of the building, creating an inverted L shape of the shaft. A few generations more and the temple would have been truly lost. With more funds she could have gone about the process differently, hiring professional excavators with actual equipment instead of locals with basic digging tools largely consisting of shovels, pickaxes, and anything else they could temporarily borrow from their farms since the planting season was long over. They could have built diversion canals or flood barriers to protect the area from the coming rains, giving themselves more time to work. They could have been slower, more methodical in the way they approached the dig, rather than the amateur, smash-and-grab method time constraints forced them into. Unfortunately, she’d barely been able to scrape together enough credits after Coruscant to fly out to the middle of nowhere, with just enough left over to pay Ochada’s friends and neighbours to spend the summer tearing up the ground without any finesse. It put a little money into the local economy and got her the help she needed, so it was good enough. It had to be. Intricate layers of stone formed a deceptively complex pattern on the roof, revealed to the sun for the first time in untold centuries. Arjanaz circled close enough to Alsimer that the years were short - barely a quarter of a Galactic Standard year, and the days weren’t much better. It was only a fluke of cosmic luck this planet had days at all. Most worlds circling red dwarfs were tidally locked. Even by Galactic time tables it had been ages since the temple was buried. It pained her to think of defacing the temple to gain access. When she’d first gleaned the possibility of a lost temple hidden in snippets recovered from damaged archives she’d imagined strolling in through the front door, like the ancient Jedi long ago. The reality of its location made that impossible. It would take years of digging, alterations to the basic structure of the valley, and an immense amount of money to make something like that work. She simply didn’t have the resources for it. The only option was to go down from the top, and that meant cutting into the roof. Ochada climbed down the ladder leading into the pit they’d dug, carrying a massive circular saw in four of his arms. His cousin, Forchada, fed the power cord down after him, connected to the generator that powered their lights and other equipment. At Ochada’s nod he began the climb down himself. The Arjaxi were all densely built, corded with muscle, heavily scaled, and extremely dexterous given their six arms. It made them especially well suited to excavating, even if they’d never done such a thing before. Today was the day they would see if that extended beyond digging and into creating openings in stone ceilings. “All right, everyone who is not about to start cutting needs to clear the pit!” Norah called out, gesturing from the diggers to the ladders on all four sides. “Bring all your equipment with you. We want to do this as safely as possible. No extraneous items around the cutting crew.” When the last of the diggers stood ringed around the edge of the pit, looking down at the cutters, Norah turned to the men beside her. They both towered over her, covered from head to foot in heavy construction gear, including face masks and thick gloves on each of their hands. For a brief moment she worried it wouldn’t be enough, that something would go wrong and someone would be injured. The idea of these men she’d begun to consider friends coming to harm over her obsession with the Jedi was painful. “You know how to handle that thing better than I do,” she began, nodding toward the saw. “I trust you to do what you need to to stay safe. We just need a point of entry - not to take the whole top off. You know where you’re cutting, it’s all marked off. But still, be careful. If there’s any trouble A4 will cut the power.” The little hoverdroid floated gently into view at the edge of the pit, ‘standing’ among the rest of the team. “It’s going to be fine. Relax. Get ready to celebrate your achievement,” Ochada said, facial appendages flattening in the Arjaxi equivalent of a grin. “We’re getting into this thing today.” A shiver of excitement ran up her spine at the pronouncement, but she didn’t want to get her hopes up too high. Things had a way of slipping sideways on her when she got ahead of herself, and she didn’t want this to be one of those times. “All right. Then let’s do this,” she said, gently tapping Ochada on the secondary shoulder - since the primary was too high. The climb out of the pit seemed to take a thousand times longer than usual. Norah’s hands trembled slightly, a side effect of the adrenaline surging through her body. When she got to the top several pairs of hands reached for her to help her out. Taking her place among the lot, she led by example, putting on her noise cancelling headset, face mask, and goggles. Automated color correction changed the scene instantly, artificially displaying everything as it would look under white light instead of red. It was much easier on human eyes, but disconcerting after even a few moments of observing the real thing. The gray, scaly skin of the Arjaxi suddenly appeared in an array of arbitrarily assigned colors. The plants were artificially recolored in shades of green, but the dirt retained its ruddy hue. Shaking her head and blinking away the discomfort at the color shift, Norah raised her hand and signalled to the men below to begin. Even through the earmuffs, the shriek of metal on stone was almost painfully loud. Several of the diggers added a second layer of ear protection by covering their headsets with their secondary appendages. One even added his tertiary hands as well. Sparks flew up from the roof, tossed in every direction by the saw. Ochada and Forchada worked quickly, making the first cut in just a few minutes. When they reached the end of the marked line, the guttural sound of the saw powering down was met with cheers. They lifted the blade out and immediately started on the second cut, carving out the first of two narrow strips of stone that would be used to feed cables under the main block. If the entire slab fell through it might collapse any floor that lay below, so they were working to lift it out instead. When the cuts were completed on the first strip the cutters powered off the saw entirely, disconnecting the power cable for safety. Hammers were handed down to them, and they began pounding on the section they’d cut out. It only took a few moments before the strip crashed down into the room below. Norah held her breath, waiting for something to go wrong, but the rest of the roof remained intact and level as hoped. Slowly breathing out, she signalled for them to continue. By the time the sun began to slip down to the horizon, a scant few hours since the day began, they had finished both small openings, threaded the heavy-duty cables through them and completed the final cuts on the main opening. A large farm transport had been rented from one of the diggers to pull the slab out. Everyone had cleared the pit and the area around it. Norah was taking no chances at this point in the excavation. The transport’s engine growled as it pulled the stone out. The section they’d carved out was a square meter of solid rock, thick as a Garadan Oak, and extremely heavy. It came free slowly, fighting all the way, but eventually gave in against the insistent pull of the transport. Norah suppressed a joyful laugh, waiting until it had been fully removed from the pit and dragged far enough from the dig site to be out of the way. As soon as the transport rolled to a stop the cheering began anew. The yawning chasm revealed by the removal of the stone beckoned enticingly. Norah wanted nothing more than to dash down the ladder and jump into the waiting darkness, but pragmatism prevailed. Summoning A4, she drew out the datapad she’d synced to the hoverdroid. It flew lazily to her side, looking like an oversized bumblebee down to its black and yellow markings. It was tempting to remove the mask to speak to the droid, but unnecessary and - until it had made its environmental checks of the area below - unsafe. “All right, A4. I need you to do what we talked about before. I want environmental scans, structural scans, tech scans, and any visuals you can send me. Can you do that for me?” The droid beeped swiftly in the affirmative and floated toward the gaping hole. As its rotund little body began to sink into the dark, Norah called out, “Be careful!” Ochada came up behind her, his shadow announcing his presence before he stepped into her peripheral vision, and looked over her shoulder at the datapad. A4’s first scans were on the air quality, with the results displayed on the screen. Norah had worried that some decomposing materials might have dangerously offgassed, or some form of spore or mold may have contaminated the air below. There was also the potential for a trace of ancient disease lingering among the detritus, waiting in the sealed temple for some fool to come along and release it. However, the droid showed nothing but clean, if stagnant, air. “It’s clear,” the Arjaxi said happily. “Looks like it,” she replied, forcing her excitement down even as she removed the face mask. She could smell it now, the difference in the air. It was subtle, wafting up from the hole they’d made and mixing with the gentle breeze flowing through the valley, but it was distinct. The air smelled stale and musty, reminiscent of old libraries and unused rooms in empty houses, but magnified by millennia. It wasn’t quite unpleasant but, though she couldn’t say exactly why, some primitive part of her brain didn’t like it. The visuals coming from the little droid were more promising than the smell. The room beneath her feet seemed to have been an observation deck - dark spaces above stone benches appeared to have once been windows, carefully and thoroughly closed up against the ravages of time and weather. Intricate patterns swirled over the walls, ceiling, and floor, not unlike those that covered the roof itself. Apart from the blank sections of the windows, the only other break was in the center of the floor. It appeared to be a trap door, and the only way down into the rest of the building. What little dust there was came solely from the minute sections of the roof they’d dropped below. No moisture, mold, fungi, or other growths were present on the walls and, other than the remains of the roof section, the floors were clean and dry. As thoroughly as the ancient Jedi - or who she hoped had been Jedi - had sealed the building against the elements, everything A4 scanned was clean and dirt-free, as if they’d left the place only a short while ago. The chances of the rest of the building having been similarly preserved were rising by the moment. A brief message from the droid scrolled across the bottom of the datapad. Being out of audio range, it was easier for it to simply write. “It wants to know if we are going to open the door,” Ochada read. “Are we? It’ll be dark soon. We don’t have much daylight left.” “But droids don’t need daylight. We can open up the lower levels to A4, and get a night’s sleep while it scans everything in range.” “That works for me.” Scooping up the nearest prybar from the stack of tools, he moved to climb down the ladder. After a moment, Norah followed suit, picking up a headlamp and heading for the ladder. Pausing half-way down, Ochada asked, “Are you sure you want to do that?” With a smile, she replied, “Don’t be ridiculous. I’m going in first.” The Arjaxi shrugged his secondary shoulders - always the most expressive set - and continued down. As Norah climbed into the pit after him, he retrieved one of the additional ladders from another wall and lowered it down into the black, aided by the light A4 provided. Setting the headlamp around the upper brim of her goggles, Norah grinned up at him and turned to climb down into the temple. The hoverdroid chirped up at her, watching her descent as if its observation would make her hands steadier and her steps surer. The proportions of the ladders were made for Arjaxi bodies, not human ones, so the rungs were spaced relatively far apart, but excited as she was it felt as if she floated down as easily as the droid had. When her feet hit the floor the sense of unreality that had set in as soon as the stone was lifted clear seemed to double. Hers were the first feet to touch this floor in countless centuries. She was the first person to enter this room, this building, in aeons. The last people here, if everything she’d pieced together was right, had been Jedi Knights. Ochada leaned his head down through the opening, wryly asking, “Can I come down now, or do you need a minute?” She waved him down, then slowly circled the room. The carvings on the walls looked completely different when seen with her own eyes, albeit through her goggles, than through the images sent by A4 to her datapad. Tentatively reaching out, she ran her fingers over the grooves set into the wall, tracing the pattern. It swirled endlessly, knotting and unravelling in intricate waves. There was a subtle quality to the whole that made her think the pattern had been cut by hand, probably by a single person. Even though they were long since turned to dust, here their work remained, pristine and beautiful as the last time anyone had looked at it. While she traced the pattern further and further along the wall, Ochada worked the end of the prybar into the edge of the door in the floor. It had been painted over with a sealant, the same as the windows, completely locking the room away from the elements that would eventually reclaim the temple structure’s exterior, but the edges were imperfect. At a guess, he’d say the door and the floor around it had been coated while it was open, and the painter had closed it after he or she descended into the lower part of the building. There was some bubbling and uneven layers near the hinges - still visible under the coat - and the handle. The sealant cracked reluctantly under the pressure of the prybar, but only shallow chips came away, while the rest stayed firm. “I don’t think this is going to work,” he said, wagging the bar in Norah’s direction. “I definitely won’t be able to open this before we run out of light.” The weak sunlight hadn’t reached the pit, let alone the room beneath, so all illumination came from A4 and Norah’s headlamp as it was. However, she could tell the Arjaxi was getting tired. His circadian rhythm was tied to the brief day/night cycle of this world, so - though she could go for three or four local days before reaching her own equivalent of a single full day - he was ready to wind down for the night. “A4, can you tell me what that substance is?” Norah asked, picking up a sliver Ochada had gouged out and holding it out in the droid’s direction. A small tray extended from the round, metal body and she placed the sealant inside, allowing A4 to examine the material in depth. After a moment it let out a swift series of chirps and beeps, informing her that while it couldn’t make out the exact composition it had an idea of how to get through. Norah swept a hand toward the door and took a step back, allowing the droid to make whatever attempt it thought might work. Extending a slim, metal arm down toward the floor, A4 triggered the torch function, producing a narrow, blue flame that quickly set the ancient pitch bubbling and melting. Within moments the droid had burned away the sealant around the door and on its hinges, floating back to give Ochada space to attempt to open it again. Norah replaced her face mask, belatedly realising she should have done so before being exposed to the fumes from the the melting sealant, with the Arjaxi doing the same while simultaneously thrusting the prybar between the door and its jam. Without the sealant to hold it in place, the door fought against the pressure but came up slowly. The hinges creaked viciously, as the sealant had permeated throughout and A4 had only managed to burn off the surface material, but they moved nonetheless. The musty smell was even more pronounced, reaching even through the face mask, as the stagnant air below shifted with fresh movement. A4 scanned quickly for pathogens and contaminants, finding nothing at all to be concerned by. The light suddenly shifted above as worklights came on around the dig site, signalling the loss of the last dregs of sunlight. It was officially night. Reluctantly waving A4 down to examine the facilities below, Norah turned back to the ladder out, beginning the climb out of the temple. Morning would come quickly, very quickly in fact, so it was better to let the droid do its work while getting some food and a brief bit of rest. Still, the idea of leaving now, after finally gaining entrance to the complex, grated on her nerves. Morning couldn’t come fast enough. Chapter 3 : Revelation Revelation Norah Between the sedative required to fall asleep and the stimulant required to function in the morning - a paltry few hours following sundown - Norah felt lightheaded and dizzy. The wash of harsh, red light coating everything in sight didn’t help the surreal sensation that her brain and body were occupying separate planets, but today was not the day for waiting out the chemicals. Today was the day her work came to fruition. Today was the day she unearthed the secrets of the ancient Jedi. She dressed from wrist to ankle in sturdy, practical clothing fit for traipsing through the bowels of an excavated ruin. Wrapping her voluminous hair in a scarf, partly to keep it out of the way and free of the ever-present red dust, she scanned the tent for anything else she might need. Her goggles were already around her neck, and the headlamp fit like a crown over her head. With her mask clipped to her belt and her gloves and boots covering all extremities, she was ready. A frisson of excitement ran down her spine, causing her to shiver, and bringing a massive smile to her face. Drawing a necklace up from beneath her shirt, she tightly clutched the globe pendant shaped like her homeworld, feeling the raised outlines of continents dig into the skin of her palm. “You’ve brought me this far. Lead me a little further,” she whispered, speaking to the spirits of her ancestors. “Take me to my birthright.” The camp was alive with movement, the former diggers now clearing away unnecessary equipment and prepping the descent teams. Ochada and Forchada had already divided the others into three groups - one each to be led by themselves, and a third, smaller unit to take care of the worksite above. No one had encroached on the area since they’d begun the dig, but Norah was taking no chances that today be the day that changed. She threaded between the tents and joined the Arjaxi as they finalized instructions to the men. “You have all been linked to the droid’s scans. It has given us a preliminary layout to work with. Forchada’s team will take the east wing and head down into the lower levels on that side,” Ochada said, demonstrating on his own datapad where his cousin’s group would be working. Pointing to the other side of the scanned area, he added, “The Voss and I will be taking our team toward the west. Be careful. Test the ground before you walk on it, keep your environment masks on in any unverified area, and leave a marker on any promising find. We are looking for functional terminals and data storage first, dead terminals second, artifacts third, but keeping safety the priority at all times. Do not take unnecessary risks. We have time enough to do this well.” Forchada picked up the thread, stating, “You have been given your cams as well. Use them to document what you find. Remember, we are walking in the footsteps of our ancestors. Do not dishonor them.” Norah started, surprised by the echo of her own call to her forebears. The Arjaxi teams split, picking up their tools and heading toward the pit. Forchada led his team down first, which Norah would have minded had she not been the first down the night before. She couldn’t begrudge them first access to the next floor when the ruins, Jedi or not, were a part of the Arjaxi’s history and homeland. Regardless of whatever else the ruins revealed, something of their antecedents had to be preserved below, even if it was nothing more than the preferred style of decoration thousands of years before. A4 had worked quickly through the night, working its way down through the first few floors of the structure from end to end, each level a bit larger than the one before due to the slight stepped pyramid-esque shape of the building. The droid had sent them a detailed three dimensional map of every area it could reach with its scanners, stopped in a few places by sealed doors and blocked stairwells, but otherwise complete. The layout was fairly straightforward but the upper levels seemed to mostly have been used as residences, honeycombed with dozens upon dozens of small dormitory rooms. No electronic signals had shown up on the droid’s sensors so far, but Norah had hope that further down into the complex there would still be something salvageable, even if they had to provide a power source to awaken it. Slipping her mask in place, Norah led the second team inside. Forchada and his men were noisily wandering deeper into the gloom, already out of sight by the time she stepped off the ladder into the former observation station. A second ladder descended through the trapdoor, now wedged up and open, with a power cable strung with work lights slowly being pulled through by the east group. Uneven light moved along the walls as the lamps were dragged along, causing strange movements to the shadows. A second strand came down with her own group, but she wasn’t waiting for the intermediate illumination to show her the way. Flipping on her own headlamp and moving with a purpose, Norah bypassed the bedrooms, leaving them for the others in her team to go over. A few mouldering bedsheets and dusty trinkets weren’t worth her time. Taking the stairs at the end of the corridor, she descended further down, following the path the droid had outlined. She divided her attention between the layout on the datapad and the structure around her. A4 had tagged what appeared to be training rooms, common areas, and a dining hall. While the droid continued to map the area below, she was hoping to find a terminal that could be powered up remotely in one of the classrooms. “Slow down,” Ochada called after her, his voice echoing in the strange curvature of the stairwell. “Don’t get too far ahead.” “There’s classrooms down here,” she replied, keeping the same speed. “You can meet me when the dorms are cleared.” “Voss! We don’t know if it’s safe yet. The floors-” “If it collapses on me you can say ‘I told you so’ later.” Three levels of dormitory rooms went by until Norah stepped out of the stairwell. It felt as if the building was swallowing her whole. The only break in the darkness came from her own lights, too weak to even reach the high ceilings unless she stared straight up, and an eerie silence blanketed everything. Even her footsteps seemed muffled in the dark. The rasp of her breath within the environment mask dominated all other sounds. A primitive, animalistic part of her brain flared to life, making her feel small, vulnerable, isolated, and targeted - as if there was something with her in the dark. Something watching her. Something dangerous. It was ridiculous - nothing could survive centuries sealed inside while the building was slowly consumed by the valley, but even if it could A4 hadn’t sensed so much as a single living microbe. Regardless, cold logic didn’t change the way she felt or alleviate the sense of eyes on her, and only force of will kept her moving forward. The entrance to the presumed classroom appeared in her circle of light. In the false-color reading of her goggles it looked as green as the Sea of Ataraxia on Hafara. Gentle swirling patterns flowed from top to bottom, almost obscuring the division running up the center of the door. Norah pushed against the closer panel, to no effect. Pushing harder, she felt a slight movement, but it took her leaning her entire bodyweight against it before the door actually moved. Slipping through, she found herself in the expected defunct classroom. Apart from the darkness, it looked as if the students could have walked out only moments before. Circling around the individual workstations, none of which included any kind of computer terminal, she made her way to the head of the classroom, searching for the instructor’s station. It was almost unrecognizable, so old-fashioned she could barely identify which ports were which. “A4, how far are you from my location?” she radioed to the little droid, receiving a response in the form of a blip on her datapad. It was quite a bit further down into the structure, far enough that it would take time for the droid to reach her. “Come on up. I found a console. I need help to see if we can access anything.” While the droid made its way to her, Norah went through the classrooms of two additional levels but found the same thing repeated with only minute differences. The rooms were stark, no decorations hanging on the walls, no physical materials on shelves or in drawers to indicate what had been taught there. It was haunting, empty, dead. Frustration mounted with every empty room, every bare workstation, every dusty shelf. Where were the artifacts, the valuables? Where was the information? Lashing out, Norah kicked a chair across the room, listening with some small satisfaction to the clatter as it hit the wall. “Come on, you stupid Jedi! You couldn’t have left me anything? You had to take it all with you when you left?!” Stalking out of the bare classroom, she sought out the last potential hiding place. At the end of the hall, the final room was even more bare than the others. There were no desks or workstations of any kind for the students - just a large, empty space - and the only seat was a simple stool tucked in a corner at the head of the room. Sinking onto the chair, she bit back a sigh. “Please don’t let this be for nothing. I’ve come so far. I’m so close.” The whispered entreaty hung in the air, unanswered. Sitting in the dark, Norah waited for A4 to join her. The classrooms were too bare to provide anything of interest to look through, so she scanned the building’s layout for the next likely target if the droid couldn’t make at least one of the dead consoles work. The dull light from the datapad glinted off the wall, catching her attention. A subtle form she couldn’t quite make out was carved from floor to ceiling, but unlike the other designs she’d seen so far it didn’t appear to be an abstract, swirling pattern. There was something concrete and definitive there, but on a scale too large to see with only her weak, little headlamp. Reaching into one of her many pockets, she retrieved a palm-sized orb, quickly crushing it and throwing it straight up at the ceiling. Adhering to the roof, the orb burst into brilliant orange light - revealing the room in its entirety. Norah stood frozen, staring up at the massive mural stretching along the wall. Two humanoid figures stood in conflict, their wide stances and raised arms managing to imply a fluidity of movement in a static image. What caught her attention wasn’t the figures themselves, or the brilliance of the workmanship, but the unmistakable weapon each of the fighters wielded. Clashing at the center of the mural were a pair of lightsabers. “I was right,” she breathed, feeling a grin take over her face. “Jedi.” The bas relief figures towered from floor to ceiling, with robes swirling around their legs and a halo of light surrounding the main body of the blade of their unique weapons. Pressing her hands to her mouth through the material of her mask, Norah fought to hold in a scream of excitement. Pure, unadulterated validation poured over her. From a derelict storage site buried in the Undercity of Coruscant to a minuscule, backwater world deep in the Galactic Core, she had ferreted out this forgotten site. There had been so much doubt, so much worry - that she’d come to the wrong planet and the Jedi had never been there at all, that the site had been destroyed or was inaccessible or that she wouldn’t be able to find it, or that the temple she’d spent the last of her borrowed funds to dig out was little more than an interesting footnote in ancient Arjaxi architecture. But here, here was the proof that she was right - that after the universe itself had forgotten this place existed she’d found it, found them. Unable to contain her joy any longer, she threw her arms in the air and screamed, “Yes! I did it!” A surge of embarrassment followed the exclamation, but with no one around to hear and judge one way or the other she ignored the feeling and reveled in the moment. Drawing the globe pendant out again and pressing it against her lips, she whispered, “Thank you. Thank you for leading me here.” No one she knew had ever accomplished such a feat as this. Most of the galaxy had forgotten the Jedi had even existed. Barely half a century had passed since the fall of the Republic and the destruction of the Jedi Order, but here she was, standing in one of their temples. The Jedi themselves had forgotten this place, let it be swallowed up by Arjanaz, but still she’d found it. And she’d find their secrets, too. Everything they’d left in this place was hers. Chapter 4 : Two Steps Forward Two Steps Forward Norah Norah’s legs had started to go slightly numb from sitting on the narrow stool by the time A4 bumbled through the doorway, floating like a fat bee toward its mistress. She pointed up at the mural and said, “Look what I found.” The droid turned to scan the wall, beeping excitedly and confirming her reading of the image. “That’s what I think, too. They have to be Jedi. No one else used weapons like that. And, look, the arms. They both only have two. If this was Arjaxi work they’d have six.” When A4 beeped an acerbic reply, she added, “I’m not saying that the Arjaxi can’t be Jedi. But the majority of Force users come from bibrachial species. Even with the simplification of the forms around the head and face, there’s no mistaking four extremities for eight.” The droid tipped slightly to the side, its equivalent of tilting one’s head. “What? Look at it again if you don’t agree. They may not necessarily be human, but they’re not Arjaxi.” A4 turned toward the mural again, scanning in depth. While it worked, Norah asked, “Have you been able to tell anything about the timeline here? Anything in the architecture or something downstairs that shows how long ago this place was made, or when they left?” A series of shrill tones in the negative dashed that hope. Pinning down exactly when the temple had been operational would help her figure out when in galactic history its heyday had been, and what technology they could expect to look for. The droid turned back to her, awaiting instruction. Casting a final glance up at the combatants, she gestured to the droid to follow and made her way to the nearest of the other classrooms. Her goggles shifted instantly to counteract the darkness of the hallway, pitch black in comparison to the relative brightness of the training room. Within moments she was directing the droid to the console in the first classroom, waiting to find out if it could communicate with the ancient equipment. Reaching out with a multi-functional connector, A4 tried a number of methods to plug in to the outdated computer, repeatedly adjusting the prong until it finally found a setting that worked. “Can you power it up?” The droid made a low whirring sound - equivalent to a long-suffering sigh - and hooked in an additional adapter, trying to supply enough energy to fire up the old console. After a moment the monitor flickered to life with a grating whine. “Cut the monitor if you have to. I just want the data. Whatever’s on there.” The pale blue light on the screen cut sharply to black as the droid followed instruction, working on copying the information rather than displaying it. Norah watched the feed on her datapad as A4 simultaneously downloaded and transfered what remained on the console. Mostly it seemed to be lesson plans and materials about local flora and fauna, weather patterns, and geology. The device appeared to be localised, now little more than a unit connected to a database that was no longer online. Wherever the main cache had been, this classroom didn’t contain it, and - regardless of how interested her team might be in it - information about Arjanaz from millennia ago was not what Norah had crossed star systems to find. Biting back a sigh, she said, “We may have to download each terminal individually.” The droid chittered a sharp negative, pinging her datapad. At the base of the expanded blueprint a new image indicated a large storeroom, beneath the main entry hall. “What is this? Old milk crates and winter coats?” The droid rocked from side to side, and rattled off a shrill reply. “Servers? Are you sure?” she demanded, fighting back a grin. The droid’s scanners hadn’t been able to detail the contents of the room, but from what it could sense there appeared to be something resembling large quantities of unpowered technology locked away in the basement of the temple, along with what seemed like the former generator. “Forget this console! Let’s go look!” Tearing down the stairwell, and ignoring the discomfort in her knees from so very many steps, Norah rushed down dozens of flights of stairs to the bottom of the keep. The main stairwell, which connected the classrooms and dormitories, ended on the former ground floor. A banquet room took up most of the left side of the building while the kitchens dominated the right. There was a single wide door at the rear of the building leading to a squared off area she could see on the datapad’s layout which had once been a courtyard. Even with her excitement for the potential data below, Norah spared a thought at what it must have been like before the valley had consumed the complex, with the tower standing proud above and students practicing fighting forms in the yard. Now the yard was buried under a hundred meters of soil, unreachable and lost. The former entrance was a pair of doors wider than some of the classrooms above. They were massive, heavy things made of stone. More carvings ran from floor to ceiling around them, depicting what she guessed was the founding of the temple. Two- and six-armed creatures worked together around the base of the building, as it must have appeared before it was swallowed. It had been beautiful. The building wasn’t truly a pyramid at all, but a layered pseudo-stepped pyramid crossed with an ancient fort. Towers stood at four points around the main building, with a defensive wall connecting them, but they were separate from and below the central building itself. She was glad they hadn’t attempted to go in through one of the other minute sections still aboveground, seeing the mural. It would have led into the external defensive structure, rather than the temple itself. A4 bobbed beside her, scanning the image for the data catalog, but offered no comment. Norah turned, putting the doors at her back, and imagined walking into the temple through the main entrance, as she’d once hoped to do. The hall was less imposing than she’d dreamt it. The ceiling wasn’t so high, and the walls closer together. The dining hall was visible through open doorways, and the long tables and benches could be seen even in the relatively weak light from her headlamp and the droid. It wasn’t as pretty or luxurious as she’d thought it would be. There was too much of a sense of the workaday to everything, even with the long centuries of disuse. This place hadn’t been one for sitting idly and enjoying the finer things. It was too practical, too harsh, too poor. There were no riches here for the students who’d walked these halls or the Knights who passed on the secrets of the Jedi Order, no wealth but the wealth of information. It was a fortune she prayed remained in the servers below. The basement storeroom was accessed through the kitchen, but it only took a moment to clarify why the droid hadn’t been able to get inside. “Locked? There hasn’t been a single locked door before this,” she noted, flashing the droid a smile. “And why do we lock doors? To keep people away from our nice things. Our valuable things.” She could have taken the time to pick the lock, or had A4 cut their way through. The door was cheap local wood, and it wouldn’t have taken the droid long. Instead she put her back the door and kicked it as hard as she could. The impact ran up her leg forcefully, but the door didn’t open. Kicking it again and again, she poured her frustration at the empty rooms above and her hope for the contents of the storeroom below into each blow. On the fourth kick the lock gave way and the door smashed against the wall inside. Triumph replaced all earlier emotions as she gestured to the droid to precede her down the narrow stairs. The storeroom seemed to be the only place the Jedi hadn’t gutted when they abandoned the facility. Crates were stacked in haphazard fashion everywhere. Dusty piles of fabric lay mouldering in one corner, which Norah thought for a moment might actually be the winter coats she’d joked about. Closer inspection revealed tablerunners of a fancier make than everyday use would require. “Must have been for special occasions. Or visitors,” she murmured. “A4, I don’t see tech. Where are we going?” The droid bumbled away from her, threading through narrow spaces she had to turn and squeeze between. One stack of crates already teetering precariously tipped over as she tried to get around it, crashing to the floor and splintering to pieces. Norah barely managed to turn her face quickly enough to avoid a massive splinter travelling fast enough to pierce skin. When the contents of the various boxes stopped rolling in every direction she stooped to pick up the closest one. The script on the can was so old-fashioned as to be nearly illegible, but after a moment’s thought she was able to read it. “Well, gastro-historians will be pleased to know that the ancient Jedi stocked their pantry with tinned fish paste. I’m sure it was as disgusting when they bought it as it would be if I opened it now,” she stated, tossing the can into the shadows. A stone wall bisected the basement area, just on the other side of another row of crates. Norah managed not to upset that one, reaching the locked metal door where A4 ‘stood’. A half-circle of bare space extended around the door for two meters, leaving space for them to work without having to rearrange the old food stores. “Promising,” she said, sinking to the floor to examine the lock. It was more complex than the one leading from the kitchen, which made sense if they had data stores to protect behind it. “I won’t be able to pick this. You’ll have to cut through it,” she said, moving far out of the way. The hoverdroid lowered to the height of the knob, producing a narrow cutting torch. The white-blue flame flared and sparked slightly against the metal, creating a point that quickly turned orange and burned away. A4 outlined the locking mechanism, separating it from the rest of the panel in a matter of moments. Norah let the droid open the door, unsure how close she could safely put her hand to the superheated cut. An excited trill told her what she wanted to hear. The droid floated off to the left, out of her way and in the direction of a monstrously big, antiquated generator. Twin giant, boxy servers rested against the far wall, with a command console sandwiched between them. If they could be powered up like the little classroom console she would finally have what she’d come across the galaxy for. A4 drifted lazily around the ancient generator, testing inputs and looking for ways to bring the old beast back to life. Despite its long years out of service it was in good shape and of a type that vaguely resembled current models. The little power supply they used to run the camp equipment on the surface above was a clear descendant of similar machines. Unfortunately, direct interface would drain A4’s own batteries long before powering the generator back up. Twittering this information to Norah, it continued to circle the device and attempt connection. “What if we connect the surface generator? Do we have any cables long enough to reach all the way down here?” she asked while looking over the servers for any kind of input to bypass the generator itself. Spotting the first one’s power cabling, she gestured to the droid and said, “What about directly interfacing here? Could you power this up yourself?” The power cords at the campsite weren’t even close to long enough to get down past the classroom levels, which the droid told her, even as it moved to her position. She shifted out of the way, nearly knocking her head against the corner of the command console’s desk, and pointed to the power cable running to the server. The hoverdroid moved in as close as possible, which proved difficult given the tight space between the back of the tower and the wall. Reaching out with its longest attachments allowed only just allowed it to connect with the cord but the insulation prevented pushing a charge. “I can try to pull the tower away from the wall,” Norah said doubtfully, giving the casement an experimental tug. “Or Ochada might be able to.” The server was heavy, its protective shelving even heavier, and even Norah pulling - and, when that failed, pushing - with all her strength didn’t shift it at all. Taking up her datapad, she selected the six-armed strongman, but hesitated before calling. She hadn’t told them what they were looking for specifically here. She hadn’t even told them this was a Jedi location. Playing her cards close, she let the dig team believe she was just some eccentric offworlder with an oddly specific interest in Arjaxi history. They knew and didn’t seem to have a problem with her intention to cart off whatever valuables she found, as long as something was gained for them. An expansion of their knowledge of local architecture, of some kind of historical record, some connection to their ancestors - that was all they wanted. It was expected with a dig like this. But the data would be harder to keep from them, and she was honest enough - with herself, at least - to acknowledge that she didn’t want to share it. She put the datapad away, calling the droid back out from under the desk. “Try the forward inputs. I don’t care if you have to go in through some kind of media port, let’s at least try whatever we can ourselves before we involve anyone else.” If A4 had eyebrows it would have quirked one, so it settled for a full-body tilt to the side, making its point within the limitations of its form. Norah gestured impatiently toward the case, knowing the droid well enough to know what that particular attitude meant. The front of the server didn’t have an obvious power input, but there were several different types of ports for various physical formats of data transfer. Pushing electricity through these, however, was likely to fry whatever remained of the storage. “Fine, I’ll call Ochada to move the box,” she huffed as the droid gave her the bad news. “And if that doesn’t work, and you’re sure we can’t do anything for the generator, we’ll cut out the cores.” Ochada answered the call immediately, his feelers flattened in an Arjaxi grin from his excitement about the work in the upper levels. She could see the other men gently, reverently going through the personal effects left behind in the dormitory rooms. “Ah, Voss, it’s wonderful up here. We haven’t found terminals like you wanted, but there are such beautiful things here! It’s like looking through a window to our ancient ancestors! Look at this,” he said, holding up a plain, stone tumbler. “A cup! One of them drank from this!” Not having the heart to tell him that in some ways it was more likely they were looking through that window at her ancient ancestors, or a similar group at least, she smiled and tried to share in his excitement. There may well have been some six-armed Jedi trainees who lived in those rooms. She had no reason to think the Arjaxi were incapable of using the Force, it was just far more prevalent among humans, or rather humans were more prevalent across the galaxy than other species and the Force was relatively common among them compared to others. Regardless, his enthusiasm was pure, and she had no intention of putting a damper on it. “That’s wonderful,” she said, honestly happy to see her friend so joyful. “But I need your help. I’m down in the basement - we think this is the lowest level - and I found servers! The problem is I can’t move them, and A4 can’t power them from where they are.” “It’s what you hoped for!” “It might be. There’s a generator, too, but A4 says we don’t have long enough cables to try and hook up our camp generator to anything down here. We think if we can pull the servers forward A4 might be able to power them up,” she explained, ignoring the doubtful tone from the droid, “but I can’t move them myself. Can you come down and try?” “We’ll be right down,” he said, severing the connection. Settling cross-legged on the floor, Norah looked up at the floating droid. With the cold, hard flagstones digging in to the soft curves of her legs, she envied A4’s ability to literally rise above it. Minor aches and pains were irrelevant and temporary, however, and the surge of excitement that rolled over her pushed them out of her mind. Gently stroking the metal plating of the right-hand tower, she couldn’t wait to see what secrets it held for her. Chapter 5 : One Massive Step Back One Massive Step Back Norah Only a few minutes passed before Ochada brought his entire group down, leaving Forchada’s men to continue working on the personal chambers. They were all visibly excited, not merely about Norah’s find, but about their own results above. Handling artifacts from the past - carefully and in gloved hands to protect them from the oils of their skin - made them feel connected to the ancients in a way that the month of digging and excavation never could. They were flushed with excitement, visible through the droid’s sensors although the simple false-color reading from Norah’s goggles failed to show her that. It was apparent in their movements, in the tones of their voices, in the giddy atmosphere around them. Their excitement renewed her own, washing away the fretfulness of the past hour. “Here they are,” she said, gesturing behind her. It was a redundant action since the servers and generator were the only things in the entire room, albeit on opposite sides, but part of her felt as if she were showing them off. “If we can get them away from the wall, A4 can work on supplying power.” The droid whistled its concern, but Norah shushed it, unwilling to allow doubt to throw them off. The Arjaxi split into two sets of three, each moving to work on one of the towers. First pulling the command console out of the way, careful not to upset the user interface, they surrounded each server on three sides and began to pull. The metal creaked and groaned under their ministrations, but it didn’t seem to want to budge. Heart in her throat, Norah watched them struggle against the weight. The left hand server shifted suddenly, moving on a diagonal a few inches away from the wall. It wasn’t quite enough space, but it was a start. As they resumed, pushing now to turn it further in the direction it seemed inclined to go, the second server began to move as well. Unlike the first, however, it tipped forward. The men working on it collectively began shouting in alarm, trying and failing to keep it from tipping. A harsh scraping sound filled the room as the base - formerly sitting firmly on the floor - ran over the stone wall behind it, before the entire structure went face-down. The young Arjaxi standing in front, an inexperienced boy called Osili, barely had time to move back before the whole thing crashed to the ground where he’d been standing. Norah felt frozen, rooted to the spot, as she stared at the downed tower. Without taking her eyes off the case, she asked flatly, “Are you all right?” “I’m sorry. I don’t know what happened,” he whispered, afraid of her quiet reaction. “Are you all right?” she repeated, not realizing she was sinking to the floor. Ochada grabbed her by the arm, holding her upright and giving her a little shake. She could feel his anger at her reaction, but she couldn’t tear her eyes off of the broken equipment. There was no chance of salvaging something from that wreck. If centuries of silent decay hadn’t ruined it the fall certainly did. “I’m fine,” the young man protested, reaching out toward her. “Are you?” Ochada shook her again, bringing her attention back to him and the others. His disapproval was palpable, and when she looked at the boy she understood why. Osili’s normally dark scales had turned almost white from fear, not only from nearly being crushed, but from her reaction. To the Arjaxi hierarchy was sacred, and as long as she was running the dig that meant she wasn’t merely Norah, but The Voss - leader of their temporary tribe. He was terrified of what the ‘tribal leader’ would do to him for his failure. Softening at the sight of the frightened boy, she shook off Ochada’s grip and said, earnestly this time, “Are you all right?” “Yes. I’m sorry. I don’t know what happened.” “It’s not your fault,” she reassured him. “We know everything here is delicate, and old. We should have been more careful. I should have been more careful. I’m glad you weren’t hurt, Osili.” Color began creeping back into his flesh, slowly, but it was a good start. The others, moving slowly as if in the face of a predator that could attack at any moment, circled around him and the downed tower. Ochada shot her a meaningful glance, showing approval at her handling of the situation once she’d recovered herself. It was cold comfort in the face of the loss of the tower. Sitting on his haunches, the Arjaxi headman looked over the downed equipment, shaking his head as he picked up a fragment that had broken loose. “It’s destroyed. I’m sorry, Voss.” “I figured,” she said, a sensation like her throat closing rolling over her. If she fell apart again the boy would take it badly, and the others would lose respect for her. She couldn’t afford to have the team disintigrate so close to reaching her goals. “We’ll have to be more careful with the other. Take the case on this one apart. I don’t care if it’s in microscopic pieces. Everything goes to the surface.” Leaving the hoverdroid to observe the rest of the salvage, Norah stepped out the room, just on the other side of the door. Sliding down the wall to the floor, she pressed her hands over her mouth and silently screamed. Chapter 6 : Small Comfort Small Comfort Norah The weight of frustration didn’t stop Norah from finishing the day in the server room. Once the surviving tower had been pushed far enough back, A4 was able to get behind it and try to establish a connection. The droid voiced concerns about the power requirements to get the server up and, hopefully, running, but Norah told it to proceed. The surface generator might not be able to reach the basement room, but it could certainly recharge the droid. In the meantime, the subdued Arjaxi carefully disassembled the remains of the fallen tower and carefully began walking them back up to the surface. It would be nearly impossible for anything to be reconstructed from them, but she wasn’t willing to give up without trying. She’d done the impossible before. Ochada left last, gently laying a companionable hand on her back before heading out. “I’ll see you up top,” she called as he left the room. She wasn’t going to follow until A4 had news, one way or the other. The droid whistled for her attention even as a light came on at the center of the server. It informed her, rather smugly, that it had succeeded and was actually able to connect to the ancient machine. “How’s it look? Can you read it?” A sharp series of beeps replied, putting a smile back on her face for the first time since the accident. “I apologize if it seemed I was implying anything about your abilities, my darling droid. I never doubted you for a second,” she said with a laugh. “How long until we can go through it? I want everything copied. Everything.” A4 chittered quickly, indicating it would take quite some time. Even without its counterpart the server was massive. What that data actually was they wouldn’t know until it was all downloaded and, in all likelihood, heavily reconstructed and translated. “Do you have anything now? A time frame? When was this used last?” Squawking at her to stop pestering, the droid focused on the task at hand, telling her that it would be ready when it was ready, and distractions didn’t help. “All right, all right. You’ve got a point. I know it’ll take longer but I’d also like you to simul-sync to my datapad,” she said, pulling the planet-shaped storage drive out of her shirt and attaching it to the pad. The chain dangled, tinkling prettily. “Ancestors forfend something happen to this one, too, without getting a backup.” The droid whistled in the affirmative, already sending the information to her datapad as it worked. Actually reading it would have to wait, at least until morning. Wishing it a good night, Norah left A4 to its task and began the long climb back to the surface, watching the numbers on her screen slowly climb with her. Nearly a dozen floors higher, the open doors of the second highest dormitory level spoke to the efforts of the Arjaxi teams earlier in the day. Ignoring her creaking knees and the burn in her thighs, she stepped inside one of the rooms. It was a simple setup, with two small dressers, two narrow beds on either side of the room and a pair of small tables between. The drawers of the dressers hung half-way open, empty and dark. They’d been stripped bare, either by the fleeing Jedi or the dig site workers. A set of matching cups, twins to the one Ochada had so happily shown her, sat on the nightstands, along with a single shared pitcher. They were made of some kind of earthenware, strong and durable enough to last through the centuries but less than lovely. A shadow on the floor drew her closer. Tucked between the bed and table to the right was a small object, half-hidden from sight. It would have been easy to overlook and, picking it up, she realised it must have fallen there by accident. The was no way its owner would have left it behind deliberately. It was a stick barrette, the top a curved piece that reminded her of waves pierced by a stick that looked like a sliced spiral shell had been covered in metal. The clasp was black with age and the pin had dulled to a coppery patina but it was still deeply beautiful. It spoke of its owner’s personality, probably a reminder of some watery homeworld, yet it was an eminently practical item. Holding it in her hand, Norah looked at room again. It was more real, somehow, with this new connection to the girl who’d lived there ages before. Pocketing the barrette, the first and only physical item she’d found in the entire temple than seemed to be worth taking, Norah turned away and resumed her trek to the surface. Chapter 7 : Devastation Devastation Norah Dawn revealed dark storm clouds from horizon to horizon. Norah had worked through the brief hours of the night, sitting quiet in the equipment tent and watching the clouds roll in while she sifted through shattered computer components. She’d hoped to find something - anything - not utterly destroyed from the fall but as morning arrived all that she had was a substantial pile of broken boards and smashed chips. It would have been easier to go through with her droid’s assistance, but that couldn’t be helped. Glancing at her datapad she was happy to see the upload from A4 had continued to progress overnight, with an astronomical amount of information transferred from the antique server to her little globe pendant. Whatever else had changed in the centuries following the exodus from the temple, data storage had certainly improved. Thunder rolled over the world, abruptly waking the Arjaxi diggers. Sleepy, startled faces popped out of several tents, receiving a little smile and wave from their industrious boss. It wasn’t the first time they’d woken to find her still up and about. If they’d had a thought to envy her the longer hours it faded at the sight of the work she performed while they slept. With the others stirring from their beds, Norah pulled her scarf up, loosely draping it over hair secured with the clasp she’d taken from the temple. She watched with fondness as her men piled out, turning to their morning ablutions and setting up for the day’s work. It had become a comforting routine, with the Arjaxi taking turns at the water barrels to splash handfuls over their heads and lift their hands to the sun in supplication for a good day. Even though the custom was nothing like that of her home it had become familiar. Before long there would be breakfast cooking and then the daily work assignments to hand out. Part of her wondered if she would miss this when there was nothing more to take from the temple and it was time to move on. “Any joy?” Ochada asked, still dripping from morning prayer, pointing to the pile of wreckage. “No, nothing here.” “And the droid?” he asked, sinking to sit on the crate beside her. She glanced at the datapad, noting the progression, and lied through her teeth. “It hasn’t been able to get power to the server yet. It’s still working on it.” “That’s disappointing,” he replied, empathizing with the emotions she didn’t actually feel. “We’ll get it going today. I’m sure of it.” Norah pressed her lips in a facsimile of a smile, saddened by her own inability to share with her friend. If she were a better person, less selfish, more open, she would have told him the truth. She still could, but even opening her mouth to apologize and be honest didn’t cause the lie to dissipate. She’d tell him, she promised herself, but not until she had the first look. “We need a longer power line. Something to reach that basement level. If we can’t get the generator going we might be able to use it on the server itself.” The Arjaxi looked thoughtful, making her feel like more of a monster, as he said, “We could try to rig something out of what we have here. I don’t know how well it would work, but the nearest town with something that sizable for sale would be Lienwar, and that’s almost a hundred kilometers away. It wouldn’t be cheap either. We’re too far from the cities to get good prices on things like that.” “Well, let’s see what we can do. Whoever is good with that sort of thing should work on the power line. Everybody else can keep going through the upper levels. We’ll let A4 keep trying things in peace.” He nodded, rising to give the others their instructions. The first drops of rain began to patter against the side of the tent, softly turning the world wet. Ochada reached out one hand to feel it fall, gently rolling his fingers under the droplets, unconsciously mimicking the action with his facial tentacles. “If we’re lucky the rain will stay mild,” he said. “Too much will be a problem below. It could cause the pit to collapse.” “You don’t think the supports will be enough?” He turned to face her, shaking his head. “You forget, that’s how the valley filled up in the first place. This dirt was made to move in water.” Norah glanced up at the clouds, more ominous-looking than they had been a moment before. A harsh chill ran down her spine. “Let’s hope it doesn’t come to that.” The camp noises echoed strangely in the rain, underpinned by the repetitive sound of the water falling. The men carried on as usual, passing out bowls of breakfast hash, chatting among themselves as if it were an ordinary day. Norah ate beside them, half-heartedly listening to their banter, watching the clouds with trepidation. She loved the rain at home, always running outside to stand in it no matter when or where she was, but this was different. Ochada’s warning set her on edge, not trusting the dirt under her feet. Looking at the others, happily digging in to their food and jostling each other with friendly shoves and pats, she dreaded the idea of them being trapped below under the slick weight of mud. Ochada laughed and joked with the rest of them, seemingly unconcerned about the possibility he’d raised, still handing out assignments to continue cataloguing the effects in the dormitories. If he wasn’t worried surely she didn’t need to be. It didn’t stop her, however. A sense of something bad coming hovered at the edge of her mind, keeping her on edge. Another roll of thunder drowned out the conversation for a moment, travelling from the east. It was still far away, lightning strikes safely distant, but it startled a few of the men. Osili had jumped at the sound, causing the others to laugh at his expense. Norah smiled gently in his direction. It was easy to forget he was still technically a child, given his size and ability to work as hard as the others, but there were times when his youth became very apparent. She probably wouldn’t have let him come on if his father, Masili, wasn’t also part of the dig team to make sure the boy wasn’t overworked or poorly treated. It wouldn’t be long before the school season would resume and he’d have to return to his studies. Unlike the rest of his peers he’d be going back with stories of his part in uncovering an ancient, forgotten temple and a fat wallet. Norah didn’t notice the sound right away. The patter of the rain disguised the noise until it was right on top of them. A throaty mechanical roar, deep and intimidating, preceded the appearance of a shuttle. Its exceptionally long wings folded up gracefully as it approached their site, preparing to land. A second ship, not so loud or sleek, accompanied it, hitting the ground first and popping open in an instant. “What’s going on?” Norah wondered aloud, echoed by some of the Arjaxi. Visibility was less than ideal between the clouds and rain, but the shining white-armoured bodies pouring out of the transport were unmistakable. “Stormtroopers!” The men broke apart in an instant, throwing down their bowls and running out of the tent. A few precise blasts from the incoming soldiers stopped them from going far, turning them back to the center of the camp. Sitting frozen until the shots shook her from her stupor, Norah rose to her feet and ran to the equipment tent. It was toward the rear of their setup, furthest from the approaching soldiers. She reached the tent just as one of the Arjaxi barrelled past her, running as fast as he could for the open space beyond. Slapping the tarpaulin out of her way, she grabbed her datapad, summoning her droid with a warning of what was coming for them. The stormtroopers were shouting orders at the panicking men, closing in on her location. A notice in the upper left corner of the screen indicated that the upload had completed, so she detached the pendant and flung it over her head, tucking it into her shirt in an instant. Heart hammering, she saw white-clad figures coming in fast, dangerous-looking weapons pointing at anything that moved. There was nowhere to hide, nowhere to run. A helmeted face ducked under the tent flap, with the barrel of its blaster rifle leading the way. Dark goggles stood out sharply against the pale, sleek form, almost skull-like in its simplicity. “Don’t move!” the trooper ordered, pointing the weapon at her. “Show me your hands!” She didn’t think about the conflicting statements, raising her hands in the universal posture of defenselessness. It was less effective with only one empty, palm showing, and the other holding an object. “Drop it!” There was no hesitation but this time she wasn’t as obedient. Instead of letting the datapad drop from her fingers Norah raised it a little higher and brought it down as fast and as hard as she could on the corner of the work table. The pad shattered, exploding into a hundred component parts. If the stormtrooper shot her in response she’d have earned it - in a manner of speaking - but she wasn’t going to let them have her data, no matter why they were here. Any of the other pads around camp could contact A4, but hers was the only one the droid had copied its findings to. “I said ‘drop it’, scum, not ‘smash it’!” the trooper shouted, stepping in fast to hit her with the butt of his blaster. Norah ducked automatically, raising her arm to shield her face from the blow. Pain exploded as the weapon connected, radiating from her forearm up to her shoulder. She went down to her knees, gripping her arm with one hand and holding the other up in a pathetic attempt to hold the soldier off from hitting her again. A gloved fist twisted into her shirt, pulling it tight around her neck, and jerked her to her feet. He pushed her hard against the table, causing the edge to bite into her back, before roughly pulling her from the tent. The Arjaxi were being herded to a clearing at the edge of the camp near the entrance to the temple. White armour surrounded the six-armed locals, corralling them in the middle of a circle of soldiers, and pushing them to their knees. The stormtrooper led Norah to the holding area, shaking and pushing her with every few steps. It was impossible for her to fully get her feet under her with his constant jostling. His grip on her shirt was unbreakable, half-choking her, but even if she’d had an opening to try and knock his hand loose she was certain he’d shoot her this time. When they reached the others he thrust her forward so harshly she fell. The mud squelched under her hands and knees, but a dozen hands reached out to catch her before she skidded far enough to land on her face. The stormtrooper who’d brought her stepped into place, completing the circle around them. The Arjaxi clung to each other, each hand connecting with a different individual. Only having two herself, Norah was gripped along her arms and shoulders as well, causing a bone-deep ache where she’d been hit. She kept silent, trying to find strength among the collective. It was comforting to know that they considered her enough of one of them to hold on to her at all. She could easily have been left on her own. Rivulets of water ran down the plastoid composite armour, pinging softly with every raindrop. Guns were levelled from every direction, but the stormtroopers didn’t fire. They didn’t move. They didn’t even speak. Dread built steadily with each passing moment, as Norah and the Arjaxi waited for something to happen. It didn’t take long before their clothing was soaked through, amplifying the chill from the wet ground, but the trembling came from fear. The shuttle opened then, and a black-cloaked figure descended the ramp. He was tall, with a hood covering a chrome-edged mask, and he strode with terrible purpose toward them. Norah felt her breath still in her chest as the man approached. He carried himself with barely contained energy, fists held tightly at his side, radiating danger and menace. Whoever he was, he was in charge, and it was up to him whether they survived this encounter or not. One of the stormtroopers turned crisply to the side to allow his leader into the circle. Speaking with the efficiency expected of the First Order, the trooper reported, “Fifteen captured, my lord. Fourteen locals and one human female.” Fourteen? Norah thought. Who got away? She tried to look over the group, searching for familiar faces in the gloomy half-light, but without her goggles and having most of their backs to her it was difficult to identify who was who. If the troopers were correct in their count that meant three had gotten away but there was no way to tell which three it was. There was no more time to ponder which of her people had escaped as the black-cloaked figure was approaching the group. He crackled with power. The Arjaxi shrank before him, curling in on themselves to make smaller targets. It was an instinctive, animalian response, impossible to stop or repress. Much as she wanted to pretend she was unaffected by such things, Norah ducked her head and shifted to hide behind her muscular companions. He waded into the group, parting them wordlessly by the sheer force of his presence, heading straight to her. A gloved hand extended, reaching for her. The Arjaxi in front of Norah practically yanked her forward so the masked man would take her before he got closer. Her scarf shifted forward, sliding heavily down over her eyes, and she jerked it back without thinking, the animal hindbrain unwilling to be blinded so near a threat. The fabric caught on the stick in her hair, leaving most of her head covered, but as soon as her face was revealed the black-cloaked man froze. His hand snapped back to his side in an instant and he stopped coming forward. She glanced up at him, dropping her eyes again immediately so as not to trigger a response. He was taught as a bowstring, nearly vibrating with tension. “You’re not the one.” It was practically accusatory. The voice was like gravel, lava, hate. It scraped against her ears, making her flinch. The words didn’t register right away but once they did she risked another glance. He was staring at her behind the mask, eyes burning holes into her. She didn’t know what he was thinking but she knew this was the moment he would decide their fates. Disappointment didn’t bode well. He turned sharply, walking away from the group. Norah felt her heart, lodged firmly in her throat, beat tentatively. Either the stormtroopers would assemble neatly to follow, or in a moment they’d all be dead. “Sir, what should we do with the prisoners?” a trooper asked as he passed by. Norah stilled, not daring to breathe, waiting for the answer. The black-cloaked figure turned again, looking over the group. They had to be a sorry sight, on their knees, clinging together in the rain. He looked at the trooper and said, “Round them up. Take them for questioning.” The unexpected answer dropped her heart to her stomach. Questioning by the First Order meant torture followed by death. Everyone knew it. The Arjaxi began to break down, some crying out in fear, some merely crying. These were her men, she was responsible for them. They were her friends. This was wrong. No one was going to stop it unless someone did something. Norah pushed herself to her feet, forcing herself not to think about what she was doing. The black-cloaked man was already starting to walk away, the first stormtroopers beginning to close in. “What have we done?!” she shouted. “We haven’t done anything wrong!” The diggers shushed her, pulling at her hands to get her to sit back down, at least until the stormtroopers forced them all to their feet. She stood taller, not letting them stop her. “Answer me! What right do you have to do this?” She knew it was a mistake the moment the words left her lips. The black-cloaked man turned back, swiftly walking toward the group again. She shied, instinctively trying to make herself small again, but that wasn’t going to help here. Straightening her spine, she faced him defiantly. The worst they could do was kill her, and if they took her aboard their ships that was likely anyway. Maybe this way she could focus them on herself and, if she was very lucky, she could protect her men. The stormtroopers closed in, about to start grabbing people, but their leader waved them back. She lifted her chin, looking him as squarely in the face as she could given the mask, challenging him to answer her. If he respected her as the one in charge he might let her underlings go. That was all she could hope for. “’What right’? We are the First Order. That is all the right we need,” he stated, coming on like a hurricane. “What are you doing here?” “This- Archaelogical excavation,” she tripped over her words. He couldn’t know what she was really excavating, couldn’t know she was lying through her teeth. Pointing at the pit, she added, “We’ve unearthed an ancient Arjaxi facility. It’s local history - a forgotten site. That’s all.” “And it has nothing to do with the Jedi?” Her mind went blank as soon as he spat the word. How could he know? How could he have associated it with what they were doing? “Jedi?” she feigned ignorance, less than convincingly. She could swear there was a hint of a smile under the mask. “You were asking questions about the Jedi. About forgotten sites. The First Order has ears everywhere.” “They’re just my dig crew,” she said, dropping all pretense. “They didn’t even know what I was looking for. They had nothing to do with it.” She was certain he was smiling now. “Please, you don’t have to take them. They’re just local people, farmers. They’re not part of this.” She wasn’t sure what ‘this’ was, exactly, but there was only one chance to save the Arjaxi. He just had to see reason. They were innocent, simple laborers hired under false pretenses. She’d never mentioned the word Jedi to any of them, but she had used it in her first few days inquiring on the planet. She’d simplified her queries to ‘ruins’ by the time she and Ochada met. He had to understand that. “Please.” The black-cloaked man turned to the stormtrooper again. She took half a step forward, pulling against the Arjaxi hands trying to make her sit and be quiet. She was ready to go with them. She wouldn’t even fight. He looked at her once more, and said, “Take them all. Destroy the site.” “No!” she screamed as he walked away. “You can’t do this!” The stormtroopers moved forward en masse, pulling Arjaxi to their feet and pushing them toward the troop transport. Norah was still somewhat in the middle, protected momentarily as they grabbed people from the edges of the group. “Please, my droid is still down there! Let me just call it up! Please!” she shouted to the troopers. It was useless, of course, as they continued to grab and drag away members of the dig crew. Two stormtroopers broke away from the rest of the pack, walking toward the pit. Norah shouted in their direction, even as another trooper roughly took hold of her and began to pull her away. “My droid is down there! Please! You can call it up with any datapad! It’s got important information! Don’t blow up the temple!” she yelled, fighting against the grip on her arm. “Please! My droid!” The stormtrooper pulling her toward the transport jerked her off balance and let go of her arm for a moment, using her distraction to strike her with his weapon. The first blow caught her behind the knee, dropping her to the ground. Still, she tried to crawl toward the pit and the troopers lobbing active mines down the hole. The second blow caught her against the side of the head, knocking her senseless. She couldn’t fight as he gripped her wrist and dragged her over the muddy ground toward the transport. The world swam wildly, blurring the sight of the Arjaxi being shackled and loaded aboard the transport. Norah’s head lolled but she stayed conscious, trying to force her mouth to work. If the troopers refused to stop there was nothing she could do about it but maybe the droid would hear her. She’d told it to stay on the first level unless she called it up or someone came down. If the former, it could emerge. If the latter, hide. “A4! Come up! Come up now!” she tried, barely getting more than her regular speaking volume. The pit receded further as the trooper dragged her along, finally dropping her in a heap at the base of the ramp inside. “A4. Come up. They’re gonna blow it up.” Metal shackles clicked in place around her wrists and she was hauled mostly upright and carried into the ship. The others were already secured to the walls, refusing to look at her or anything but the floor. She didn’t notice, too focused on trying to make sense of the white blurs running toward her. The blurs turned into more stormtroopers as they entered the transport, the same ones who’d been tossing mines on top of her droid. Sudden clarity brought her head up, just in time to watch the plume of fire and dirt explode from the ground. “No!” she screamed, jerking against her restraints. “A4!” Norah looked over at the shuttle, still sitting beside the transport and just visible from where she’d been secured. He was standing on the ramp, watching her. She wanted to break her shackles and run at him. She could kill him for this. Somehow she knew he was fully aware of her thoughts on the matter. The ground lurched in an instant, shifting unwholesomely under the shuttle. Cracks ran from the former dig site in every direction, opening and sinking in rapid progression. The stormtroopers shouted in alarm, calling for the pilot to take off. Norah could just barely see the black-cloaked figure jerk to maintain his balance before turning and entering his shuttle. It was already lifting off the ground before he was fully inside, followed almost instantly by the transport. The hatch closed before the shuttle flew too far to see, but not before she watched the ground collapse in on itself, dropping again and again as the new weight collapsed more levels of the temple and the entire valley floor came apart in response. The resultant mudslide swallowed the entire campsite in an instant. What precious little had been left of the spires of the temple were gone. Everything was gone. Chapter 8 : Interrogation Interrogation Norah The journey to the ship was brief. Within a few minutes Norah and the Arjaxi had gone from watching the entire valley implode to docking on the First Order vessel. The stormtroopers hustled their prisoners out with ruthless efficiency, pushing, shoving, and dragging the lot across a busy landing area. There were fighters and troop transports like the one they’d come in, and sleek shuttles for the important officers. Norah looked for one in particular, but either he hadn’t arrived yet or his unique shuttle had docked elsewhere. An officer in a crisp black uniform appeared from the crowd, heading straight toward them. She was middle-aged, her wiry, silver hair tied in a perfect bun. Lines that certainly hadn’t come from sweet smiles bracketed her mouth, and her back showed all the pliability of hardened durasteel. There would be no reasoning with a woman like this. Pleading and weakness would only spur her on. She was every part the perfect First Order interrogator. “Split them up. Each to their own detention cell,” she ordered sharply. “We start with her.” Norah stiffened in her captor’s grasp, but no amount of pulling or thrashing would loosen his grip and fighting him just made her head spin. Inexorably dragged after the officer, she couldn’t stop them from doing whatever they wanted, and what they wanted was going to hurt. The detention level was simply laid out, with evenly spaced cells running on either side of a wide hall. The Arjaxi were unceremoniously stuffed into them one at a time, disappearing into the darkness without a word. As a race they were physically strong, but too pacifistic to stand up to the oppression of a military force. Arjanaz had traded hands between warring powers during every single galactic conflict over the last thousand years without a single hint of resistance from the six-armed locals. The men she’d come to know so well were no different than their ancestors. They simply had no fight in them, only resignation. Norah knew it was hopeless but she wasn’t going to just give in. They were going to have to work to take her down. Faking compliance for a moment, as if the sight of the cells had cowed her, she walked along without resisting. The grip on her arm didn’t slacken. Giving him just long enough to think she was defeated, Norah waited to make her move. There would only be one chance. It wasn’t really a chance at all. She knew that even if she managed to break free there were other troopers behind her, dozens between her and the ships, and she probably wouldn’t be able to operate one of them even if she could get to it. It changed nothing. Lurching to the right, she slammed into the trooper, catching him just under the shoulder. He let go of her as they hit the wall, freeing her to smash her cuffs against his helmet. The plastoid armour crunched prettily against the metal, but didn’t crack. She wondered idly if she’d broken the trooper’s nose, hoping that she had, and turned to run back the way they’d come. A pair of troopers was already on top of her, knocking her into the wall, preventing her from escaping. She hadn’t even made it one step. She was dragged into the nearest cell in seconds, strapped to the interrogation chair, with a parting punch from one of the troopers. She thought it was the one whose nose she may have broken but it was impossible to tell them apart. Every set of white armour looked exactly the same to her. The steely-eyed officer followed the troopers into the cell. “Did you think you’d get away?” “No,” Norah replied honestly. “I just had to try.” “Your friends are being much more cooperative than you. They haven’t fought back. They haven’t even tried to talk their way out. It’s refreshing, in a way, having such easy prisoners. Not like you,” she said with a wolfish smile. “In all honesty I prefer the ones who fight. It’s more enjoyable to break them.” Part of Norah wanted to roll her eyes so far to the back of her head they stuck. The other part was truly terrified. “You are going to cooperate with us,” the officer began, circling the rack, occasionally reaching out to tug on the fabric of her scarf or to run a finger down her arm. “You are going to tell us what we want to know. You are going to be honest. When you are not honest I am going to hurt you. When I think you are not being honest I am going to hurt you. When you even think about not being honest I am going to hurt you. The more you lie to me the worse it will get and in the end you will still tell me everything. You can try to save yourself the pain, but I don’t think you’re capable.” It wasn’t possible to stop the shaking once it started. Norah was too afraid, too cold, too wet, too defenseless, too hopeless. This woman was eager to harm her, and she could do nothing to stop it from happening. She was utterly helpless. “If you turn out to be strong, and I doubt you are, we’ll give you a break from time to time. I will spend those breaks in the other rooms, hurting your friends. The more you lie to me the more I will hurt them. You can be as strong as you like. You can lie as much as you want. They will suffer for it.” “Don’t touch them,” Norah hissed. The officer laughed - a cold, harsh sound. Norah could have kicked herself for being so easy. She’d revealed her first weakness. “Or what? You’ll stop me?” the older woman asked, laughing again. “I think not. No, you’ll be here, strapped to your chair, writhing in pain. Let’s give you a taste of that pain to start.” She nodded to the technician at the back of the room. Norah had only gotten a glimpse of another officer as she was bundled into the rack. With the other person behind her she had no way to see what they were doing. She tensed up, trying to steel herself against what was coming. It didn’t start right away as she’d expected. They made her wait for it, keeping her uncertain, not knowing when the pain would begin. When she started to try to look behind her to see what was happening they struck. Fire. Her skin was on fire. Her whole body tensed around the pain. It was like nothing she’d ever felt, burning in lines through her back, her arms, legs, hands, feet. Arcs of pure, molten agony tore through her body. It went on forever. It was never going to end. She couldn’t move, couldn’t breathe, couldn’t beg them to stop and she would have if she could. When the pain finally ended seconds or years had passed. She sank down in her restraints, panting, sweating. “That was level 1. Let’s see how high you can go.” Chapter 9 : Accident Accident Kylo Kylo Ren was not happy. The intelligence report had proved false, the girl asking about Jedi wasn’t the one he searched for at all. She was nothing like the scavenger girl, untrained but powerful with the Force, dangerous and unyielding. His fingers itched to trace the scar she’d left him, running over his face like a badge of shame. A reminder of his failure. His weakness. Anger swelled inside at the memory, at her and at himself. No, this girl was nothing like her. Like Rey . He’d wanted it to be her so badly. From the moment the little comms officer had told him about the sighting he’d been sure it was Rey. The First Order was expending an immense amount of power and influence to locate the errant scavenger. Agents on hundreds of worlds were watching constantly for any sign of her, or the traitorous former Stormtrooper she’d been travelling with, or the very specific Corellian YT model freighter she was flying - a ship he knew so very, very well. Kylo stalked through the ship, heading away from the holochamber where he’d reported to the Supreme Leader, informing him of the disappointing find on Arjanaz. There had been a mention of Jedi, but the sad hole in the ground was hardly the place Skywalker had gone to lick his wounds. Supreme Leader Snoke had been upset, but he was wise and understood that there would be false trails, bad intelligence. The old man couldn’t hide forever, and sooner or later Kylo would find him. And then the self-styled Knight would die and the Jedi would truly be destroyed. That didn’t change the fact that someone was going to be on the receiving end of his anger. Kylo wasn’t one to be made a fool of, and chasing halfway across the galaxy for a backwater thief scrabbling in the dirt for illicit Jedi relics was too pathetic not to warrant a harsh response. The lift descended quickly, dropping fast enough that he could feel it in the pit of his stomach. The mild sickening sensation fought for space with the rage that always burned inside him. The rage won. The rage always won. Something was wrong. He could tell from the moment the doors opened. It was in the attitude of the stormtroopers lining the hall. A subtle sense of fear or discomfort or unease altered their postures. It was almost indistinguishable, unseeable, but it was there and to him it was wildly apparent. There should have been nothing of the kind. These were loyal stormtroopers, trained from birth to understand the importance of order. People like these ‘archaeologists’ seeking out forbidden artifacts were a threat to order. Those threats had to be dealt with. The scream pierced the air, causing the stormtroopers to flinch. It was the sound of true agony, a wordless cry for mercy or death - whichever came first. It was a sound that shouldn’t have come for hours into the interrogation. Something was wrong. Her cell door was open, so that her screams could be heard by her comrades more easily. They would hear it and be afraid. In their fear they would be eager to talk to spare themselves experiencing what had caused that sound. Even had the door been tightly sealed there was no chance they wouldn’t have been able to hear her. Kylo closed in on the sound of her agony, approaching just as she fell silent. The sight that awaited nearly arrested his step. Even from the hall he could see the only reason she wasn’t screaming now was because they were hitting her again, pouring undiluted pain straight into her nervous system. She pushed against her bindings, bleeding where she’d already rubbed the skin raw, head thrown back against the sensations racking her body. They could only have started a short while before. Water was still dripping from her clothing to puddle on the floor. There was no reason why she should already be in this state. The charge ended, dropping her in the rack so that only the restraints held her in place. She was shuddering, weeping silently as she tried to catch her breath. Tremors rippled from her head to her toes, aftershocks from the pain induction. It took her a moment to draw herself together enough to breathe deeply. That’s when the scream came. There were flecks of blood on her lips, and from the sound of her voice he would guess she was in the process of shredding her own vocal cords. Kylo shot a look to the officers at the back of the room. The technician was pale, slightly green tinged around the edges, looking as if his own nerves were fraying. The senior officer, Captain Coratis, one of the Order’s best interrogators, licked her lips in pleasure. She signalled to her technician to begin again. The younger man looked askance at her, but didn’t dare defy the order. He pressed the command trigger, sending another wave of agony to the prisoner. They didn’t even try to give her enough time to speak. Her body tightened, straining against the interrogation chair, the restraints, even itself. She was tearing herself apart to try and escape the pain. An alarm flared on the console, the screen going red, before a spark of electricity visibly shot from the rack, surging back down into the woman it held. The previous struggle looked like child’s play compared to this. She thrashed, eyes white and terrified, trying to pull her body away from the conduit. Kylo was there in an instant, red lightsaber flaring to life before he could think. It was easy to slice through the chair, harder to do it without cutting her. A security alarm blared to life, sensing the sudden malfunction - not because it had tried to electrocute the girl, but because it had gone offline. He tore her free of the rack, ordering the technician to summon a medical unit. She was unconscious, which seemed a good thing given the state of her. Just from what he could see her arm was at a strange angle, and marked red lines flowed down her fingers. The long sleeves hid any more of the damage, but a blackened scorch mark near her shoulder lined up with the inductor placement on the chair. It wasn’t possible to check her pulse or breathing through the thick material of his gloves, but the Force allowed him to search for signs of life in other ways. Unconscious, her mind was closed to him, but he could feel the erratic heartbeat and the deep, slow breaths. She was alive, for now. The medical team was posted at the end of the hall, in case an interrogation went too far and the prisoner needed patching up to continue, but nothing to this extent had ever happened before. At least, not by accident. Reluctantly handing her off to them as they sought out vital signs and hustled away to the surgery, Kylo turned his attention to the interrogation team. The junior officer clung to the wall near the door. He’d attached himself there after leading the medics in, as if proximity to an escape route might save him. Coratis stood near the flashing red console, head arrogantly high, arms straight at her sides as if on review. “What happened?” “We were interrogating the prisoner, my lord,” she replied unapologetically. “I can see that. What happened?” The technician ventured a timid, “The equipment malfunctioned, sir.” Kylo turned on him sharply, pleased to see the man shrink. He kept his voice even and cold, tightly holding back the rage that seethed inside, “The equipment malfunctioned after you did something wrong.” “My lord Ren, we followed proper protocol in all respects,” Coratis stated, boldly redirecting his attention back to herself. “The prisoner was properly restrained, indicated for first questioning, interrogated in the mandated order with no deviation. There was no hold on her questioning. If you had wanted us to wait for you a hold order should have been issued.” She dared. She dared to speak to him like that. He lashed out, raising his hand and pulling her forward by the throat. The Force hold was shockingly strong, sweeping her across the space in the blink of an eye, letting her feel her mortality as he wrapped his physical hand around her neck. Her strength was in her personality, her methods, but physically she was quite slight. He lifted her with ease, holding her inches above the floor. Her hands wrapped around his automatically, trying to claw her way to oxygen, so he squeezed a little tighter, watching her warm, brown skin take on a distinctly red hue. “Know your place,” he growled, throwing her across the room to crash into the console. “I will be sending a team to investigate the malfunction that occurred under your watch. Whatever they find, you will be held accountable for what happened here.” Chapter 10 : Examination Examination Kylo Kylo stood before the assembled remains of the prisoner’s belongings. Her name had been hastily scrawled on the clear bag with her identification number after the other prisoners gave it up. The fact that she, herself, had not even said as much was interesting to him. A prisoner who refused to speak during an interrogation was usually a prisoner with training in withstanding interrogations. That meant military, intelligence, or insurgency. If she was working for the Republic or the Resistance there should be some clue here. He’d already pulled her Galactic Registry files. There wasn’t much to see - the earliest documentation he could find for her was only five years old, when one Norah Voss had arrived on Coruscant. No planet of origin was noted. She simply showed up on the old capital world as if she blinked into existence there. That, in and of itself, usually indicated someone up to no good. Pouring out the lot onto a table, he sifted through her meager possessions hoping for answers. The bulk of the items were clothing. The silky, olive green drapery from her shirt, shredded to pieces by the surgeons in the medbay, was quickly lifted and examined. Blackened scorch marks attesting to the power overload were dispersed among three separate sections cut apart to give the medical team access to the injury. Running a piece of the material through gloved fingers, he felt a momentary urge to remove his covering and touch it with his bare hands. He did not give in to the impulse. Everything had already been assessed by technicians, scanned, catalogued, processed. Some had been taken from her in the shuttle, before the lot of prisoners had even reached the Finalizer , the rest by the trauma team. Elsewhere on the ship, similar piles from each of the local natives were being examined by others, but he was only interested in her things. There was nothing special about any of it. Cheap electronics dominated the mess, and the tough, hardy materials suitable for whatever ‘excavation’ she’d been performing on the planet were largely functional, if dusty. The primary exceptions were a number of cracked lights on the banded headlamp where a stormtrooper struck her. The rest could be disposed of when he was finished with them. Lifting and disregarding her clothing - including the mud-stained, blood-tinged scarf - he found a few small items of a more personal nature. There were half a dozen rings of various shapes and sizes; a few earrings; a long silvery chain with a pendant shaped like a planet; an antique hair decoration, the curved half of which had shattered into a number of pieces from her thrashing during the interrogation, though the metal fastener had survived intact. He wondered at the lack of bracelets, given the rest of it. Apparently this was a woman who enjoyed adornments. The jewelry contrasted sharply with the tough, plain pants and boots, but somehow not with the shirt. There was a mix of practicality and luxury to her belongings, an undercurrent of vanity contrasted with function. It didn’t strike him as the apparel of a soldier or a spy. It was almost intriguing. Looking at the lot, it was hard not to regret the impulsiveness of his decision to destroy the dig site. Goggles and worklights were all well and good, but there was nothing to indicate how she’d found the place to begin with or what she’d discovered there. If it had been a mere local ruin the site was irrelevant but the word Jedi haunted him. What if it was the key to finding Skywalker - to tracking the old man to his hiding place, and finally ending their long conflict? Certainly the so-called Knight - he could not think of him as ‘Uncle’ - was holed up among the ruins of his broken sect, clinging to ancient history better forgotten. It was just a matter of finding the right ruins, the right lair, and Kylo could finish what his grandfather had started. He could be the one to finally eradicate the Jedi. Not for the first time, he reached out for his grandfather’s presence. Since the destruction of Starkiller Base it had been harder and harder to feel him. Even the twisted visage from the cherished helmet didn’t seem to call him as it once had. Not for the first time, Kylo wondered if his failure that day had disappointed the spirit, if it sensed his weakness and no longer chose the association with its descendant. He’d felt the disconnection from the moment the lightsaber had struck home, cutting through Han Solo’s - Father’s - chest… It was not the only loss from that day that caused him pain. Rey. Their fight had wounded him deeply. It hadn’t just been the physical damaged she’d inflicted with her wild, untrained swings of the lightsaber - his grandfather’s lightsaber. He’d been easy on her, too easy in the end, and he’d failed to capture her. Failed to sway her. Failed even to win against her. Hux had taken particular delight in that - the powerful Kylo Ren, felled by a mere scavenger girl. The rest didn’t matter, the hows and whys, the blood in the snow as he’d tracked the pair through the forest, her surprising grasp on the Force, the planet breaking up beneath their feet, the agony of the shot from the bowcaster, the pain of knowing who’d fired it, and the reason why- Somehow his idle thoughts always seemed to drift to the idea of confronting her again, paying her back for his injuries, showing her that her little victory was a fluke that only came from the extreme trauma he’d already suffered. It had nothing to do with her. In a true fight, when he was at his strongest and was actually trying to win, he would destroy her. Then there were the other type of scenarios - of getting another chance to try and persuade her to see what he could offer, having her see that the teachings of the Jedi were weakness, that Luke Skywalker was a decrepit old man who could never give her what he could. Those imaginings always ended the same way - with her capitulation to the inevitable. Shaking himself, Kylo returned to the present. It did not do to dwell. It was weakness. Weakness was not the way of the Dark Side. Weakness led to failure and he could not afford another. The Supreme Leader had been incredibly patient with him, more than he deserved, but that was all the more reason to focus on his work. He had to prove the Supreme Leader’s faith in him justified. He had to live up to his master’s expectation. To his grandfather’s legacy. There was too much at stake to waver. This girl - not the one who’d left her marks burned into him to remind him why sentiment was poison - this new girl could be the key. She’d connected the Jedi to this planet, in a tiny pocket of the Core all but irrelevant by galactic standards. There had to be a reason she’d come, speaking the hated word, searching for their echoes. Something had to have led her there. He couldn’t ask her at the moment - the interrogator’s stupidity had seen to that - but when she woke… He would use her to find them. He could sense it. There was a certainty inside him, the Force allowing him a glimpse into the future. This Norah Voss was the key. But only if she wasn’t already working for his enemies. A chime at his door surprised him. He’d been so invested in his own thoughts he hadn’t felt the presence approaching. Reaching out now - lightly brushing the thoughts of the man on the other side of the door - he could feel the thrum of fear, dread for his potential reaction to the news, but it was more subdued than the usual levels of those who came to his quarters. The man outside had done this before. He hoped that prior experience would carry him through. As he’d been tasked to discover the reason for the ‘accident’ in the interrogation room, Captain Beko had neither good nor bad news to deliver, simply information. With cold facts there was no way to predict how Ren would react. Kylo’s mouth twitched in amusement at the officer’s thoughts as he drew the persona of the terrifying, unpredictable Dark Lord around himself. Even with familiarity it didn’t do for those around him to lose their fear. The door slid open at his command, revealing a stern-looking officer approaching his middle years. “Lord Ren,” Beko greeted respectfully, a few silver threads glinting in his black hair as he stepped forward and extended a datapad. “We’ve completed our assessment, as you ordered.” “And what have you found, Captain?” “The prisoner was behaving disruptively as she was being escorted to her cell. In order to subdue her, the stormtroopers handling her put her in the nearest cell at the time. It was the wrong room.” “What does her cell number have to do with the malfunction?” “The cell she was placed in had been prepared for one of the natives, my lord. Their anatomy is significantly different than that of a human. Their nervous systems, specifically, do not carry electrical impulse as cleanly as ours. The interrogation equipment was set to a more powerful baseline to compensate for the difference, causing the inductor to begin at a much higher level than it otherwise would have.” “Equivalent to what?” Kylo asked, already guessing the answer. “Equivalent to beginning on a Level 30, more or less,” the officer pronounced, disapproval evident in his almond-shaped eyes. “30?” he mused, thinking back to the sound of sheer agony - to the scream of a person begging for death. “When was the last time an interrogation required Level 30?” “I don’t believe it ever has on this ship, sir. Even the political prisoner, Poe Dameron, was only brought to Level 23 before he broke.” Unseen behind his mask, Kylo canted an eyebrow. The official interrogators only brought him to 23, but the pressure applied through the Force was quite different. Still, Dameron couldn’t have been far from the level of pain the girl had been subjected to. Possibly even less intense than what the girl had experienced, and still she hadn’t given so much as her name. The memory of Coratis’s evident pleasure in her pain intruded, making him wonder if she’d even given the prisoner a chance to speak. “And, as I said, that was where they began with her,” Beko continued. “By the time the chair malfunctioned they were closer to Level 40.” 40? Amazing she survived at all, he thought. “And the shock? The near-electrocution?” “We believe it was a combination of factors, my lord. The prisoner’s skin and clothing were soaked with water, allowing for greater disbursal of the electrical charge, but the malfunction itself was caused both by an overload due to the faulty settings and what appeared to be a loose connection within the chair itself.” “Could it have been prepared for?” “No, my lord. There was no way for Captain Coratis to have anticipated the equipment failing in that way, however it is my official opinion that the loose connection itself would not have caused the failure. Her overzealous methods and inability to identify the incorrect settings led directly to the overload. My report reflects this finding,” Beko stated, nodding toward the datapad. Kylo dismissed the officer and glanced over the write-up. Already his expectations were changing, shifting to incorporate the new information. If the questioning had begun at an appropriate level it likely would have proceeded as usual, but to begin with such high settings was different. He remembered the minute span between one charge and the next. Neither Coratis nor her assistant had spoken to the prisoner. No question had been asked or order given. Was it possible they didn’t ask anything of her at all? Even her name? If that was the case, it changed things completely. No training to resist was needed if the interrogator never actually asked a question, and from what he knew of the officer it was entirely possible that was exactly what had occurred. The captain had quite the reputation for pushing harsher techniques than required. More than one complaint had been filed regarding her overzealous methods. There had been multiple cases of prisoners damaged beyond expectation under her care. Usually the information she extracted was good enough that the hierarchy overlooked what was understood but not talked about, but if her sadistic impulses were responsible for endangering Kylo’s primary mission there could be no amnesty. Hux wouldn’t take it well if he simply had his premiere interrogator executed, but for a failure of this magnitude it would be warranted. Nodding at the course of his thoughts, he made his decision. Coratis was in holding, awaiting the official report and the resultant disciplinary measures. It was likely she thought she would be excused for the mistake and allowed to go back to her work on the other prisoners without real consequences. It wouldn’t be the first time. But if he was right about the girl’s fate being tied to finding Skywalker then Coratis had endangered the work of the First Order with her stupidity. That would not be permitted. That must be punished. She should know the pain of her actions. However, there was something to attend to first. Chapter 11 : Diagnosis Diagnosis Kylo The medbay was sterile, cold, soulless. Kylo Ren stood in the center of the room, sharply outlined against the pale wall fixtures and recovery beds. A nurse stepped around him, careful not to acknowledge his presence, as she made her way to the bedside of one of her patients. The stormtrooper was one of a handful scattered around the facility. Like most of the others in the room his injuries were fairly minor, training mishaps or maintenance failures, nothing terribly serious. Being in the presence of the Supreme Leader’s infamous enforcer had caused his heart rate to spike, alerting and summoning the nurse. Their fear amused him. Colonel Corddray strode forward, directly to Kylo’s side. He was an older man, a former Imperial surgeon in the final years of the Empire, still as loyal now as he had been then, and one of the few people who’d seen Kylo at his weakest and most damaged. It had been the Finalizer that transported him away from Starkiller Base. The doctor had been the one to work on him, which at times led to an unfortunate sense of over-familiarity. Now he was responsible for the prisoner’s care. “There was no need for you to come all the way down here, my lord. We could have sent the report to you.” “I am here, now. Take me to her.” The colonel nodded, overhead lights catching the hints of pink skin between his thinning hair. Leading the way through the ward, bypassing the recovery area for the other minor issues, he headed straight to the major traumas. There was more of a sense of urgency here, more awareness of the precarious balance between recovery and failure, more of a quiet expectation of death. The pair walked to a viewing window, looking in on the patient in question. Kylo had barely gotten a good look at her on the planet, little more than the disappointing moment where it became clear she wasn’t the scavenger he sought, and between the harsh red sunlight and the rain it hadn’t been much to see. The wrong face looking up at him from beneath a sodden swatch of fabric was all he’d really needed to dismiss her. In the interrogation room she’d been so wracked with pain her features were unrecognizable in comparison to the woman on the recovery bed in front of him. And woman she was - not a girl at all - close to his own age at a guess. There was none of the wiry strength of the other, of Rey. Instead she was soft, all curves and gentle lines. She looked like a pampered pet, the kind who’d never labored honestly a day in their life, yet she’d been the one overseeing the dig site, working hands-on with the locals, fighting back hard enough that the stormtroopers had confined her in the nearest cell to hand, not giving in even after experiencing a truly incredible amount of pain. The other prisoners been so eager to talk after hearing her screams it had almost been difficult to get them to stop, and each of them had confirmed the same thing: she’d come from off-world looking for cheap labor, she’d known there was a ruin but not precisely where, she’d never told any of them why she wanted to dig it out, and her droid had been inside the temple - and they all used the word ‘temple’ - when it had been destroyed. Unconscious she was just like a doll, or a corpse. Her body lay beneath the thin sheet as if were a shroud. There was none of the force of personality, or stupidity, of the woman who’d challenged him on the planet’s surface and resisted the troopers on the ship. There was no life to her at all, lying broken and still in the medbay. She was incredibly pale, nearly matching the bandages covering her from shoulder to wrist. Her lips looked bloodless in the harsh hospital light. The only colour to her was the hair he hadn’t seen until now. It had been hidden beneath the scarf before, but here it poured over the pillow and off the edge of the bed, a spill of thick curls as red as blood. “The pain inductor overloaded. Your investigator team informed us as soon as they confirmed it,” the colonel started. “It nearly electrocuted her. Two of the induction points formed a circuit from her shoulder to her wrist. She has severe burns at both points and following the path of the electricity. We removed the worst of the damaged tissue but most of it appears recoverable. The regeneration serum will do its best on those. She will have scarring but with physical therapy and time she may regain full use. You know how well the serum works for burns.” Kylo stiffened at the reference, but said nothing. “There’s muscle and ligament damage, both from the electricity and from her fighting to get away from the nerve induction pain. She dislocated her shoulder trying to escape the inductors. She’s lucky it dislocated when it did, or she’d have torn the whole joint apart. That would have been much more work to fix. The muscle damage in her chest is worse. We’ll have to wait to see how much the serum can repair, but she’ll develop scar tissue there as well. She will likely need to have some reconstructive surgeries along the line. There was also a minor concussion, but I don’t think that was from the interrogation. From what I hear she struggled on the planet as well and one of the stormtroopers struck her in the head.” “So much damage?” “In fact, she’s very lucky. Even soaking wet, the energy only went down her arm. If it had crossed through her chest it could have destroyed major organs, stopped her heart. It very likely would have killed her. Unfortunately, that’s not even the worst of what injuries she did receive. The shoulder and the muscle will heal, more or less, and so will the burns. As long as there is no infection I’m confident she’ll recover fairly well from that. It’s the nerves that will be the problem.” “What about them?” “The serum doesn’t work on them. It never has. Bacta would fix it, but it’s expensive and rare, especially with the conflict, and the Order doesn’t want to pay the cost when the regeneration serum is cheaper and easier to produce. They still think of stormtroopers as expendable clones - an unfortunate holdover from the early days of the Empire,” the doctor said with a sigh. To anyone else that statement might have bordered on disloyalty, but Kylo knew how much Corddray had loved the Empire and how loyal he was the First Order. He was one of the privileged few who’d had the honor of serving with Darth Vader himself. “If we had a Bacta tank…” Corddray shook his head and continued, “But we don’t. The regeneration serum only helps the body do what it already would have done to heal, only much more quickly. Nerves don’t regenerate, and the electrical shock… It burned them out. I can’t say how much damage was done yet, but I would almost guarantee it will be substantial. There are also a host of other problems that follow this kind of injury - pain, weakness, tingling, sensory misfires, neurological issues, personality changes. She could have memory problems, even develop cataracts. It could happen tomorrow or it could happen years from now. Electrical injuries are difficult that way. Blaster fire is much simpler.” “We have no access to the aid she needs?” Kylo demanded, concerned by the possibility of ‘memory problems’. “She’s just a prisoner. If it were yourself, or one of the other senior officers, I could possibly arrange it on one of the larger bases, but for her? No one would authorize it.” Kylo bristled, drawing himself up to his full height, putting out the aura of intimidation. “And if I authorized it?” “I would do my best, my lord,” the doctor replied, quickly shifting attitudes. “But there would have to be approval from the other end as well. No one from Central Command would grant the request. It took time to provide even you with the Bacta you needed after Star-” “I remember,” he cut in sharply, biting out the words. “If it is your order, I will, of course, comply.” He looked through the window again, seeing the deathly pale face and the violently sanguine hair. Another failure. More weakness. “No. She’s just a prisoner. The serum will do.” “Yes, my lord.” “How long until I can question her myself?” “It’s not certain how long before she regains consciousness,” the doctor hedged, “and once she does she might not be all there for some time-” “Inform me when she wakes,” he interrupted, putting his back to the window. Clenching his fist, Kylo fought down the desire to take out his frustration on the walls with his lightsaber. A comms terminal or other replaceable piece of equipment was an acceptable target, but the medbay was simply too delicate. Pushing down the rage, he made his way to the hall. If there were memory problems resulting from the overload it might not be possible to find out how she located the Arjanaz site, or what else she knew about Jedi. It could mean a missed opportunity to find Skywalker. Nothing among her personal effects explained how she’d found the place, let alone what she’d dug out of it. If her memory had been damaged, there was only one place that information could still reside. It was unlikely the droid she’d been travelling with had survived the temple’s collapse, but if it had it would contain the information. There would only be one way to find out about that. Self-recriminations about his spur-of-the-moment decision to destroy the building rang in his head, but he wasn’t the one to blame for the damage to the prisoner. There would be a reckoning for this. Coratis would be held accountable for her mistake, regardless of Hux’s feelings on the matter. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Star Wars: Equilibrium series