One. For the prompt: Star Trek TOS, Nurse Chapel, Spare time In the last moments of a patient on her double shift, he had beckoned her close,thanked her for being a beautiful last sight, and left her with a piece of advise: not all spare time has to be filled with purpose,there was joy in simply existing; she resolved never to forget it. Two. For the prompt: Babylon 5, Londo Mollari/G'Kar, elegant He had a strange,sad, elegant grace when he started philosophizing drunkenly, but G'Kar would never, ever tell him that. Three. For the prompt: Any, Any, this is war Three pages of Dipper's notes, waiting to be cleaned up and transcribed into the Journal covered with unicorn sticky notes that rained glitter, left tacky residue,smeared ink. His face hardened. This is war, he thought, resolving to go find as many cans of black, no beige paint as possible. Four For the prompt: MCU, Scott Lang/Steve Rogers, first date Steve tasted like pizza when they kissed.Perfect first date! Five For the prompt: Any, Any, cosmically connected (third fill) The feeling that settled over him whenever he stepped on the bridge, bright faces and turned backs ready to go with him,wherever the ship took him, the feeling of connection, that everything was right in his cosmos, in all the cosmos, was something he would never, ever tire of. Six For the prompt: Star Wars, Luke Skywalker, Jedi Temple. (second fill) The sound of steps across stone echoed,followed him,he resolved to fill the stone walls with laughter and learning. Seven For the prompt: Any, Any, Relic. *filled with MCU, Steve Rogers/Tony Stark (second fill) "Yesterday you were calling me a relic," Steve grinned wickedly down at Tony."And now who's falling asleep after sex?" Eight For the prompt: MCU, Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers, unexpected (second fill) "I know it's unexpected but. . ." he looked at her, about to bite though her lip,eyes wider than he'd ever seen them (including when she'd got to play with Tony's lab),felt his heart thump,and enveloped her in his arms,easing her fears with words and kisses. Nine For the prompt: Leverage, Parker, Loves She loves exactly three things: theft,adrenaline,puppies, and him. Ten For the prompt: Lucifer (tv)/Labyrinth, Lucifer Morningstar+Jareth the Goblin King, Attraction/Repulsion "Those eyebrows really make the angry scowl effective." "You are irritating.Be elsewhere." the Goblin King snapped,though his eyes were on Lucifer's mouth. "As you wish." Lucifer wondered exactly how the Goblin King is going to react to finding the former ruler of Hell naked in his bed later. Eleven For the prompt: Star Wars: The Force Awakens, Poe Dameron, supportive friends (second fill) They teased him about calling his ship 'baby', but they helped him sand,scrape and oil her all the same. Twelve For the prompt: Star Trek AOS, Jim Kirk/Leonard McCoy, "Stop that!" (second fill) Jim's grin was so wide, so easy to fall into Leonard was constantly telling him: "stop that!" because if he looked too long, he would never get any work done. Thirteen For the prompt: The Flash (TV), Barry Allen/Leonard Snart, bet. "told you not to bet against me," Barry smirked. Leonard couldn't answer,as he suddenly found himself very tied up. Fourteen For the prompt: MCU, any, "It followed me home, can I keep it?" When Steve returns with a much less angsty Bucky ,the "it followed me home can I keep it?" jokes flew thick and fast, but the truth was that it was Steve that had followed Bucky everywhere until he came home. Fifteen For the prompt: Animorphs, Rachel, you mattered Some days the crushing weight of the destruction that never made the nightly news crushed her, and nearly everything they had won that day in blood and sweat washed away. She would never say it aloud to anyone, but some days she needed to be reminded that she mattered. Sixteen For the prompt: any, any, harmless little lies On the list of what they thought were "harmless lies", telling Stark decaf was caf turned out to be the LEAST harmless, because when he found out, he made the lab bio-engineer 200% strength espresso in revenge. And then made them each take two shots. Straight. Except Nat. Because Nat. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 26 of the Bite Sized Fic 2016 series Next Work →