Chapter 1 It was late in the afternoon as Hux walked to a small Café called “Paradise”. As soon as he stepped past the door the smell of fresh beans and cake hit his nose. He immediately felt more relaxed. The café was his favorite and it never failed to calm him down. He scanned the café and frowned. The place was more full than usual and all the tables were taken. That meant he couldn’t have a table for himself and that flattened his mood a little bit. After scanning the cafe again he found out that he could sit either at the table with an old creepy guy who looked at girl as if they were meat or with an emo looking kid who is hunched over a book. Creepy Guy, Emo Kid, Creepy Guy, Emo Kid. Hux sighed and walked to the table with the Emo Kid. “Is this seat free?” he asked. The guy didn’t even bother to look up and only nodded. Hux sat down and inspected the guy a little closer. He had black shoulder long hair with little braids in it. He wore a black t shirt with an unreadable name printed on it. Hux guessed it was one of those Metal bands. The Kid had way too many bracelets on his arms. Most of them were leather bracelets in black and some of them had even spikes. And only now he noticed that his fingernails were painted black. The waitress came over and Hux ordered a black coffee. He put his tablet out of his bag and started to work. It wasn’t exactly quiet in the café. But that was just how Hux liked it. Hux was completely absorbed in his work as he heard a deep voice clearing his throat. Hux looked up and saw direct into the hazel brown eyes of the Emo Guy. He noticed that the guy had snake bites under his lips and an Eyebrow piercing. And…did he wore black eyeliner? “Can I help you?” Hux asked confused. The Emo Kid flushed slightly and chewed on his lip. It looked like he took a deep breath then he asked “I don’t want to sound weird but…can I draw you?” “Excuse me?” “Can…can I draw you…please?” the guy repeated his request uncertain. “Why would you want to draw me?” Hux was more than confused now. “Because I think you look pretty.” was the blunt answer. Hux, who just took a sip from his coffee, choked on his coffee and coughed a few times. “Are you okay?” the kid looked a little concerned. Hux tried to fight down his embarrassment and chose to ignore his question to ask instead “And why should I say yes?” “Because I asked you nicely aaannd please?” The guy used now full force puppy eyes and Hux cursed in his head. Normally he was immune against puppy eyes but this guy….Hux didn’t dare to continue the thought. “Fine” he sighed. At that the most beautiful smile Hux had ever seen (not that Hux would ever admit that) split his face. “Just do what you did the whole time. Im Kylo by the way.” Kylo? What a weird name thought Hux. But he didn’t comment on the name because his parents didn’t choose a better name for him either. Instead he just said “Hux.” The guy looked relieved that he didn’t say anything about his name. “Nice to meet you Hux” Kylo already started to draw him. After that for quite a time nobody said a word until Kylo disturbed the silent. “Huuuuuux. Can I ask you something?” Hux only hummed. “I don’t wanna sound rude buuut is this your real hair color?” At that Hux looked up and glared at Kylo. “Of course it is. Why on Earth would I choose do dye my hair this kind of bright orange?” “I don’t know. I think it looks good. I bet it would look even better if your hair weren’t slicked back.” “Nobody asked for your opinion.” Hux said through gritted teeth. Kylo looked at him weird and chose thankfully to drop the topic. It wasn’t that Hux didn’t like his hair color it was more that he got bullied at school because of it and everybody gave him weird nicknames based on his hair color. So it was kind of a sensitive topic to him. He was almost completely in his work zone again as Kylo started again. “ Huuuuux. What are you doing?” “Working.” was his short answer. “I can see that. I’m not stupid. But what are you working. Or where are you working?” Hux didn’t say anything but the g…Kylo didn’t seem to mind and started to talk about his life. His story telling was more than confusing. He jumped uncontrolled through time and got easily distracted with Sidestories that literally had nothing to do with the story he was in the middle of telling. At first he told him about his work just to jump suddenly back to his school life and so on. That Hux listened only with one Ear didn’t help. But what he found out was that Kylo was 19 (only 19 Kylo was really a kid) and worked at a gym. He liked to listen to metal bands (so he was right with the t-shirt), loved to dance and was a huge Star Wars fan. Whatever Star Wars was. But it sounded as if it were a movie or something like that. After a while Kylo announced that he was finished with the picture. “Show it to me.” Hux had to admit that he was curious how the picture turned out. “But remember it’s not perfect and I didn’t have the right supplies by me and just don’t expect too much because like I said it’s not perfect.” Kylo looked anywhere but Hux and sounded a little bit nervous. Did he got shy? “Just show it to me.” Hux said a little impatiently now. Kylo gave Hux the picture and now he looked super nervous. Hux looked at the picture and wow it was perfect. Kylo drew him only with a pencil but damn he captured him perfectly. But Hux didn’t want to show how impressed he was (Phasma, his best friend, would say now it’s because he can’t express or deal with feelings which is complete untrue) so he said with a well-trained poker face “Not bad Kiddo.” Kylo looked up with a shy smile on his face. “You really think so? Because you now there are a few mistakes like…. “Kylo rambled. “Shut up and take a compliment.” Hux said annoyed. ”But…what are those numbers at the bottom of the picture?” he asked further. At that Kylos face flushed slightly and he answered with a small voice “ That’s my…my Phonenumber. You can text me…only if you want of course. And by the way you can keep the picture.” Did that Kid, Kylo, just made a move on him? Hux didn’t exactly know how he felt about that or how he should react to it so he did what he always did. Ignore it. Instead he focused on what he certainly now he should do. Saying his thanks for the picture. Hux was just about to open his mouth as he accidentally glanced at the watch at his arm and froze. More time went by then he originally thought. He was late. Hux was never late. He hastily stuffed his tablet in his bag, put money on the table and said hurriedly:” Sorry Kylo. I really need to go now.” He grabbed the picture and walked with fast steps away. Chapter 2 Notes: Yay a new chapter Hux walked into his office just to see that Phasma was already standing next to his desk looking at him disapprovingly. With a mocking voice she said:” Hux, Hux, Hux we had a meeting at exactly 06:00 AM and now it is”, she looked at her watch,” 06:02 AM. What excuse do you….What is that in your hand?” Hux, still a little bit out of breath, said:” Nothing of importance.” Phasma stared at Hux until he finally said: “What?” At that Phasma had one of her evil grin on her face that meant nothing good. “Weell”, she said with a glint in her eyes,” if its nothing of importance than you wouldn’t mind if you would show me the picture am I right?” Hux looked at Phasma through squinted eyes as he weighted his options. He knew that if he would show her the picture she would want to know everything. Option 1: Try to chance the subject. Option 2: Don’t show her. Option 3: Just give in and show her. Option 4: Compromise. Option 1 wouldn’t work because then she would get even more curious. He knows that out of experience. Option 2 wouldn’t work either because Phasma was better than the FBI if she wants to find something out. He still can remember the guy who thought that he could betray her. After she was done with him she knew literally everything about him and destroyed his life. Option 3 was against his nature. Telling storys about his life instead of working? No way. So that only leaves Option 4.Compromise. He sighed dramatically and run his hand over his face. “How about I tell you later and we concentrate on the Project?” Phasma nodded pleased with herself. It was 09:00 PM as Hux opened the door to his apartment. He stepped into his home, Phasma close behind him. It was as always way too clean in his apartment and it looked like as if nobody would live here. The only evidence that somebody is living here are a few books neatly sorted in a bookshelf and a picture of Hux and Phasma. Some people may assume that he has OCD but he strongly disagreed. He just liked things clean and in order. Nothing is wrong with that. They both sat down and Hux gave Phasma the Picture. While Phasma inspected the Picture, Hux dug around in his pocket before pulling out a cigarette and lighter. He lit it and took a long drag. He closed his eyes and felt how his body relaxed. After a few seconds he blew the cloud of smoke into Phasmas direction and asked:” And? What do you think of it?” “Well firstly don’t blow smoke into my Face”, she complained,” and secondly the picture of you is amazing. Who drew it?” That was Hux key to tell his little story. After he was done he looked at her. He rolled his eyes as he saw that Phasma was in the Sherlock-Holmes-Thinking-Pose. “Are you still in your Sherlock Holmes Phase?” he asked. Phasma opened her eyes and gave him a nasty look.” Sherlock is awesome and you know that. But don’t try to change the subject.” Dammit, Hux thought, Option 1 didn’t work. Normally he could distract her if he said something about Sherlock. “If I get that right you let him draw you even though you needed to work?” she questioned him. “Yes?” answered Hux, unsure where this was going. “And he basically chewed your ear off telling his little life story and you just sat there and even listen?” she asked further. “I…I guess I did.” Hux was suddenly very aware that he acted out of character. But why? “You do realize that you normally would tell the person to fuck off if they disturb you in your work and you sure as hell do not listen to boring life stories.” Phasma confirmed his thought. “I…you’re right. So why didn’t I tell him to shut up?” Hux knitted his eyebrows in confusion. Phasma laughed and said:” Of course you don’t know. You are so clever when it comes to work but in real life you are so dense.” “So you know why I acted so differently than usual?” “I’m pretty sure even a blind guy would know that. But I won’t tell you. You will find out on your own.“ You won’t tell me?” Hux asked in disbelief. Phasma knew that he had sometimes trouble understanding his feelings. So she normally told him why he felt the way he felt. Or what he was feeling.” Why doesn’t she want to explain it?”,Hux thought, “And what does she mean I will find it out on my own?” Hux didn’t want to think about it too strongly for some reason. He felt uncomfortable with talking or thinking about…his feelings, so he decided to change the subject. “I think that he hit on me” Hux said. “Because he gave you his phone number?” “Yes.” was his short answer. “But are you sure he was flirting with you? Maybe he gave you his number because he wanted to draw you again.” objected Phasma with a knowing smirk. At that Hux eyes widened:” That makes so much more sense. The one time I don’t think logically and I make such a mistake. That’s the reason why you should always think logically. Phasma face palmed herself. She knew it was too late to convince Hux differently. She shouldn’t have made this joke. After a few seconds she said:” I am surprised that you at least had the thought that he was flirting with you. Normally you don’t get that somebody is flirting with you even if your life depends on it.” “I just told you that I just didn’t thought rationally and that’s not true what you said.” “Not true?”, Phasma raised an eyebrow,” you still don’t get that Sahra Troy has a crush on you.” “She is nice to me. Nothing more.” Said Hux annoyed. Phasma just shaked her head and gave up. They had the discussion about Sahra way too often already. “Well anyway you should text him. I bet he is ripped.” Phasma said with a grin. “His arms did look very muscular. But I am not sure if I should text him. I mean why? I don’t see a reason to text him.” “Because if you don’t I will annoy you until you text him. Well anyway I need to go now. Don’t forget to text him.” And Phasma was out of the door. Hux was alone now. He lit himself another cigarette. Should he really text Kylo? Why is he such a bitch about it? He should just text him. Screw reasons. Well actually he had a reason now. Phasma. He inhaled the poisoning smoke and the words his father always told him replayed in his head. “If you don’t have higher motives for your doing it’s a waste of time.” “Higher motives huh?” Hux thought, he really hasn’t higher motives for Kylo so he should just forget him, right?” His Phone vibrated. It was a message from Phasma. It was an Image. He opened the Image and actually snorted. It was a picture of Shia LaBeouf in his Just-Do-It-Pose. He took one last drag from his cigarette before he crushed it in the ashtray. Then he took the picture so that he can save Kylos number in his phone. He double checked so that he wouldn’t make any mistakes. As soon as that was done he opened the App and wrote Kylo a message. Hux: Hello. This is Hux. Hux didn’t even need to wait for an answer because the message was already marked as read and three small dotes appeared telling him that Kylo was typing. Kylo: Whos Hux Hux stomach dropped just a little bit as he read the message. Chapter 3 „Is this guy serious“ Hux thought. He was a little upset that Kylo couldn’t remember who he was. (10:30 p.m.) Hux: Are you serious? He waited again only a few seconds before he got a new message. (10:30 p.m.) Kylo: hahha i was jus joking . of course i know who u r. how could i forget such a handsome face ;) Hux felt stupidly relieved. Before he could type an answer he already got a new message. (10:31 p.m.) Kylo: i got a new shirt. wanna see? (10:31 p.m.) Hux: Sure. Why not. (10:32 p.m.) Kylo: sent a picture Hux opened it and a warm rush of feelings travelled through his body as he saw Kylo. Hux really didn’t understand why he got those feelings. But he was really good at ignoring those irrelevant emotions. Kylo had his hair in a bun this time and he grinned like a fool in the camera. He wore a very tight black shirt. On the shirt was a guy who wore a ridiculous looking black helmet that covered his whole head and face. His outfit was also black and he wore a cape. A fucking cape. Hux didn’t know what was more ridiculous the helmet or the cape. The man had a plate full of cookies in his hands. Next to him were the words “Come to the dark side we have cookies” written. (Authors note: I tried to describe Darth Vader) Hux didn’t quite understand it. The guy wears a cape so that meant he is a hero. But the words on the shirt said “come to the dark side” plus he is only wearing black clothes. So he’s a bad guy? And why had only the dark side cookies and not the light side. (10:35 p.m.) Hux: Doesn’t the light side also have cookies? (10:35 p.m.) Kylo: well….i guess but the dark side has the better cookies XD (10:36 p.m.) Hux: How do you know? (10:36 p.m.) Kylo: i just know im a cookie specialist u know (10:37 p.m.) Hux: cookie specialist? I don’t believe something like that exists. (10:39 p.m.) Hux: I just looked it up on the Internet. And guess what. It doesn’t exist. (10:40 p.m.) Kylo: omg did u rlly looked it up (10:40 p.m.) Hux: Yes. What is the problem? (10:42 p.m.)Kylo: omg u killing me here (10:42 p.m.) Kylo: hey what should i eat? Pizza or a burger (10:43 p.m.) Hux: Why do you ask me? You want to eat it not me. (10:43 p.m.) Hux:….but Pizza. (10:44 p.m.) Kylo: OMG I was totally going 4 pizza. We r connected hux. we totally r. (10:45 p.m.) Hux: Again. Are you serious? And then nothing. Kylo didn’t text back. The message was not even marked as read. Hux felt a little bit disappointed. It was kinda fun texting Kylo. But then Hux shaked his head and pushed those feelings down. He decided it would be good to work a little bit more. That he had problems to concentrate and that he glanced every 5 minutes at his cellphone to check if he had a new message needed nobody to know. As Hux woke up the next day his first instinct was to check if Kylo wrote him back. But he refused to give in on that urge. He stood up, took a quick shower, dressed himself and slicked his bright orange hair back with way to much hair product. Then he went to the kitchen and made his precious first cup of coffee. He drank it like always black. For a lot of people black coffee tasted bitter and disgusting. But not for him. For Hux it tasted like unsweetened dark chocolate. Hux sighed happily as the rich flavor filled his mouth. He could get addicted to this stuff. Maybe he already was. Hux sat down on a kitchen chair with his coffee, lit himself a cigarette and only now he allowed himself to check if he had a new message. A wave of unpleasant feelings washed thorough his body as he saw that he had still no new message. It was still marked as unread."But maybe he just wasn’t awake yet. It was early in the morning and Kylo was just still sleeping. He might be even a late riser. And I have no idea how his work schedule looks like." Hux tried to reason with himself. Hux had again problems to concentrate at his work. He checked his smartphone unnecessary often and his mind wandered always back to the question why Kylo didn’t answered. The only person who noticed that Hux acted differenty was, of course, Phasma. At the break she asked with a hint of concern in her voice:” Hey is everything ok? You seem distracted today.” Hux looked at her his eyes shifting after a few seconds to his phone. Realization hit Phasma.” It’s about Kylo isn’t it? What did he do?” Her eyes turned dark.” That’s the problem. Nothing. He did nothing.” Hux couldn’t stop the sigh that escaped his throat. Hux hated himself that he was so affected by Kylo. He always thought he had his emotion in check. “You want to talk about it?” Phasma asked. Hux just shaked his head. He was way too embarrassed to tell her he was so down because Kylo didn’t text him back. It was late in the evening as Hux stepped past his apartment door. He had still no message from Kylo. He wasn’t exactly tired so he got comfortable in his arm chair and started to read a book. It was one of his favorites. He read it at least over 50 times and it always comforted him. He was half through the book as suddenly his phone vibrated. Hux froze and he felt how his heart beat faster. Maybe it was Kylo he thought instantly. Only one way to find out. He slowly reached to his phone. He looked at his phone and…it was a message from Phasma. He didn’t want to admit the disappointment that filled his body. His heart beat slowed down again and he felt how the adrenalin left his body. He opened Phasmas message (11:00 p.m.) Phasma: image sent He was just about to open the image as his phone vibrated again. His heart sped up again. It clearly wasn’t a message from Phasma. He closed the chat with Phasma and saw that Kylo wrote him. (11:00 p.m.) Kylo: sry that i didn’t replied last night or today. My phone died and i couldn’t find my charger until now Hux just stared at the message unable to answer. Kylo couldn’t answer because his fucking phone died and he couldn’t find his fucking charger. Hux couldn’t believe it. He stressed himself so much over nothing. (11:01 p.m.) Kylo: u there? (11:03 p.m.) Kylo: u aint mad r u?? Hux snapped out and was finally able to write back. (11:03 p.m.) Hux: Why should I be mad? We barley know each other. (11:04 p.m.) Kylo: then we should change that don’t u think so :) (11:04 p.m.) Hux: Are you suggesting that we should meet up? (11:05 p.m.) Kylo: yeesss so u up to it Hux thought about it. Should he really meet up with him. A part of him wanted to but the more rational part said he shouldn’t. He was torn. To distract himself he opened the chat with Phasma and opened the image. It was a cute cat picture. Omg it was soo cute. Hux loved cats. And this tiny little baby kitten with his black fur. Hux melted away. The cat even had a mini hat on. A mini hat. Under the picture was written “This kitten believes in you”. As Hux read it he knew what he would write Kylo. (11:10 p.m.) Hux: Okay. We could meet Saturday. (11:10 p.m.) Kylo: Saturday sounds AWESOME! (11:10 p.m.) Hux: We could go to the Restaurant “Little Italia”. It’s very good. (11:11 p.m.) Kylo: that might not be such a good idea (11:11 p.m.) Hux: The Restaurant “The Violet Flower” is also pretty good. (11:12 p.m.) Kylo: noo that’s also not good. (11:13 p.m.) Hux: Then the Restaurant “Jewel”. (11:13 p.m.) Kylo: Nope :/ (11:14 p.m.) Hux: Restaurant “The Island”? (11:14 p.m.) Kylo: sry also not possible :( Hux felt how he got annoyed. Why didn’t Kylo liked his suggestion? How dare he. Those Restaurants were amazing. Maybe…Kylo didn’t want to meet up with him? But then why would he have asked in the first place. (11:16 p.m.) Hux: ….. (11:16 p.m.) Hux: You sure you want to meet with me? (11:17 p.m.)Kylo: omg hux yes so bad i rlly rlly wanna meet with you (11:18 p.m.) Hux: Well what Restaurant would Mr. Kylo please? (11:19 p.m.) Kylo: r u mad? Pls don’t take it personally that I said no to all ur suggestions. (11:19 p.m.) Kylo: i know they r amazing. But i literally cant go there (11:20 p.m.) Hux: What do you mean you can’t go there? This time Hux didn’t get an answer immediately. Hux frowned. Well then he had just to wait. Like hell he’s going to be so stressed about it again. He started to read again. After 15 minutes his phone vibrated again. (11:35 p.m.) Kylo: its way too embarrassing to tell (11:35 p.m.) Kylo: sry (11:36 p.m.) Hux: Don’t worry you don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to. (11:36 p.m.) Kylo: thx :) But I got an idea where we could go. We could go on a picnic (11:37 p.m.) Hux: I was never on a picnic. (11:37 p.m.) Kylo: *gasp* never? R u srs?? Omg its decided we r going on a picknick (11:38 p.m.) Kylo: it will be the best youll like it believe me (11:38 p.m.) Hux: If you say so. (11:39 p.m.) Kylo: ok how about we meet saturday 2 am at the west park? (11:39 p.m.) Hux: Sounds good to me. (11:40 p.m.) Kylo: YES im so excited \(^.^)/ u don’t need to bring anything except urself of course XP (11:40 p.m.) Kylo: is there any food u don’t like? (11:41 p.m.) Hux: I like everything…except mushrooms. (11:41p.m.) Kylo: Okay so no mushrooms. (11:42 p.m.) Kylo: I think im going to sleep now. Otherwise ill b dead tired tomorrow (11:42 p.m.) Kylo: good night hux. Dream of me ;) (11:43 p.m.) Hux: Am I really going on a picnic with a child? (11:43 p.m.) Kylo: ggrrr…I aint a child. b happy that I think ur cute cupcake :D (11:44 p.m.) Hux: Cupcake? Kylo didn’t write back. Hux guessed he really went to sleep. It was 6 a.m. as Hux woke up. This time he instantly checked his phone. To his surprise Kylo wrote already back. (04:45 a.m.) Kylo: Is cuz ur as cute and sweet as a cupcake :) 04:45 a.m.. That was early…even for Hux. Why was Kylo already awake at that hour? Maybe he couldn’t sleep? And what the heck did he wrote? As sweet and cute as a cupcake? Literally nobody called him sweet…or cute. Well... maybe Phasma. (06:05 a.m.) Hux: sweet and cute? Are you sure you would describe me as sweet and cute? Hux was just about to stand up as his phone vibrated again. (06:06 p.m.) Kylo: I might even describe u as adorable cupcake ;) (06:07 a.m.) Hux: Are you really going to keep calling me cupcake? (06:07 a.m.) Kylo: I can call you also different names like gorgeous (06:07 a.m.) Kylo: cutie pie (06:08 a.m.) Kylo: angel (06:09 a.m.) Kylo: muffin (06:10 a.m.) Kylo: sweetums (06:10 a.m.) Hux: OK OK I got it stop Hux felt how heat rose to his face as he read all the pet names. But for some reason he didn’t dislike the nicknames. They kinda made him…happy. It was a nice feeling reading them. Nice but also weird. (06:11 a.m.) Kylo: ur word is my command sugar The next two days went slower by then usual for Hux. As the hours went by Hux felt more and more nervous. He tried to push those feelings down. He refused to get nervous just because he would meet Kylo. That was below him. And then it was finally Saturday. He was standing for a big problem. A big problem called "what should he wear". He decided to ask Phasma. (10:00 a.m.) Hux: Phasma? (10:01 a.m.) Phasma: Let me guess. You can’t decide what you should wear on your date (10:02 a.m.) Hux: I told you it isn’t a date. (10:02 a.m.) Phasma: of course. Just keep telling yourself that. (10:03 a.m.) Phasma: Wear the blue Shirt with the long sleeves. It looks damn good on you. And the black pants. The one we bought together. (10:03 a.m.) Hux: Don’t you think that’s a little bit too casual? (10:04 a.m.) Phasma: You go on a picnic. It’s not too casual (10:05 a.m.) Hux: Thanks Phasma. (10:05 a.m.) Phasma: Tell me everything about your not-date-picnic tomorrow okay ;) It was a little bit after 12 p.m. Hux had showerd and he was dressed. He still had roughly 1,5 hours before he had to go. He lit himself a cigarette and tried to work. But he just couldn’t concentrate. He felt jittery and he couldn’t sit still. His stomach felt like as if somebody tied a knot in it. But at the same time he felt exited to meet Kylo. He looked forward to it. Hux closed his eyes and took deep breaths so that he could gain controll over his feelings again. Just why was he so nervous and a complete mess? Why? At 01:00 p.m. Hux decided to go. He would be way to early at the Park. But better too soon than too late. Chapter 4 Hux arrived at the park. He could already see Kylo. He wore a tight black very familiar looking t-shirt and a tight tight black jeans with rips in it. How the hell did he get in those jeans? He also had a basket in his hand. As Kylo saw Hux approaching him he waved at him with a bright smile on his face. A warm fuzzy feeling spread through Hux stomach and he had to force himself not to smile back. “Hey Hux.” said Kylo with happiness in his voice. Hux looked slowly up to meet Kylos eyes. His passive expression got replaced with a scowl. Hux couldn’t believe that Kylo was at least a head taller than him. He wanted to be the tall one. He was older than him. “So I am not only meeting with a child but I am meeting with an overgrown child.” said Hux with crossed arms. “Turn that frown upside down cutiepie. It’s not that I can help it.” Chuckled Kylo . They chose a good place to picnic. It was a little bit aside from all the people. They sat on a ridicules looking blanket. On the blanket was printed “Star Wars”. Star Wars again? Hux really needed to do some research what Star Wars was. ”And now?” Hux asked. Kylo smiled and grabbed in the basket. A single red rose appeared in Kylos hand. He shyly handed Hux the rose.” For you.” Said Kylo. Hux was stunned. This fuzzy feeling spread again in his stomach but this time stronger. He reached for the rose. “Thank you.” Kylo had an adorable smile on his face that made Hux inside all mushy. “What do we do know?” “Well, we eat. As a starter I have”, Kylo reached again in the basket,” Fruit salad. I made it myself so don’t be too harsh on it.” He gave Hux a bowl of the salad. “I put grapes, bananas, apples, oranges, strawberries and raspberries in it. I also put a lil bit of honey in it. Hope you don’t mind that. Hux couldn’t even remember the last time he ate Fruit salad that was not bought in a store. He took his first bite and an explosion of different flavors happened in his mouth. The fruits actually tasted like something and it was soo sweet. Hux closed his eyes to enjoy it more. “So you like it?” Kylo asked. Hux only hummed in response forgetting himself. “Im glad that you like it.”, said Kylo with a laugh. Hux ignored Kylo and concentrated fully on his salad. He couldn’t believe something so simple could taste so good. After they both finished the salad Hux asked:” What do we eat now?” Kylo grinned and pulled a plate full of sandwiches out of the basket and a bottle of orange juice. “Those are Turkey Caprese Sandwiches.”, Explained Kylo,” I also made it myself.” Hux only responded with an Aha as he accepted the sandwich Kylo gave him. He bit in and it tasted amazing. Homemade cooking was really better than the Food he bought in stores. “I see you like that too.” Said Kylo with a pleased face. “Do you cook often?” asked Hux. “Naw, only sometimes when I’m in the mood. And you?” Hux looked embarrassed away and bit into his sandwich so he did not need to answer immediately. The truth was he had never cooked once in his life. But it wasn’t his fault. He grew up in a wealthy family and after he moved out he only ate take outs or instant food because he didn’t have the time to cook. So he just said:”…No…I don’t.” Then Kylo started talking about how his mother taught him to cook. Again in his weird way of telling a story. At some point he had literally no idea what the fuck Kylo was talking about. Kylo was really a terrible storyteller. Hux, who was completely lost, only nodded here and there so that Kylo knew he still “listen”. As Kylo continued his monologue Hux had the chance to really look at Kylo. He noticed that Kylo had a lot of freckles at his face and arms. He had the sudden urge to kiss each and every freckle. But Hux pushed that weird thought down because why would he want to do something like that? Hux eyes wandered to Kylos arms and they were indeed muscular. Hux bet they were also strong…perfect Arms to lift him up and...Wow hold up. In which direction wandered his thoughts? They were just friends…Right? They both sat cross-legged at the blanket so Hux had a perfect view at Kylos flat stomach and… he was so not thinking about that. His eyes wandered up again to Kylos face and he noticed his plush lips that were constantly moving as he talked. A heat grew under his skin, transfixed by the sight. He imagined what it would be like to kiss those lips. Suddenly he heard a voice calling his name. “Hux, Hux everything okay?” Hux shaked his head to clear his thoughts and looked in the concerning eyes of Kylo. “Everything okay?” he asked again. “Yeah.” Said Hux embarrassed,” I just noticed that you…”, Hux eyes wandered around,”…wear your new t-shirt.” “Smooth move” thought Hux a little bit proud to himself. Now it was Kylos turn to look embarrassed.” Yeah I just…didn’t know what I should wear so I thought I should wear this because I already know you like it.” confessed Kylo. Hux snickered, kind of relieved he wasn’t the only one struggling with the clothe choice. “Maybe I think now that you are only in possession of 2 t-shirts.” said Hux in a thoughtful voice. Kylos eyes widened at that but relaxed again as he saw the small smile that played on Hux face. “Don’t worry cupcake I actually own 3.” Said Kylo with wink. Hux frowned at the nickname. “Guess what we have for desert” Kylo asked him. Hux shrugged with his shoulders. Kylos eyes looked playful at Hux as he reached in the basket. “An apple-pie for an apple-pie.” Hux groaned and face palmed himself. Kylo broke out in a fit of laughter at his own joke. It was a beautiful laugh. Full of life and happiness. “I also made it myself.” Kyo sounded proud of himself. Kylo handed Hux his piece of apple-pie. Hux put a fork full of pie in his mouth and started to chew. He chewed once…twice and almost spat it out. He bit into a raisin. He hated raisin. The disgusting flavor spread in his mouth and he grabbed his glass of orange juice so he could wash the taste away. “How is it?” asked Kylo with big hopeful eyes. Hux did not have the heart to tell Kylo he didn’t like it because of the raisin in it as he looked into Kylos eyes. Kylo had a wide grin at his face as Hux told him that he liked the apple-pie. The only problem was now how to eat the whole piece of pie without gagging. “You can do it. You made it through worse.” Motivated Hux himself. Hux shuddered internal as he shoved the next bite into his mouth. How could he forget to tell Kylo that he hated raisin. Hux didn’t know how he did it but he managed to eat the piece of apple-pie. He felt sick now but it was worth it. Hux didn’t really know why he went through such a pain for Kylo. He probably just wanted to see Kylo smile…for some reason. Suddenly Kylo moved. He crawled to him and laid his Head on Hux lap. With a smile he looked up to Hux. “What are you doing? Is this also part of the picnic?” questioned Hux confused. Kylo nodded his head, closed his eyes and visibly relaxed. Hux closed his eyes and tried also to relax. But after a few minutes his eyes snapped open. He felt how his addiction crawled up and screamed for nicotine. Hux breathed deep in and out and tried to think of everything but cigarettes. But soon he got nervous and restless. The urge to smoke got stronger and stronger by minute. “God damn stupid addiction. Why am I so weak?” thought Hux before he gave in. “Hey Kylo do you mind if I smoke?” asked Hux defeated by his addiction. Kylo answered with still closed eyes:” No go ahead. But just so you now. Smoking is not good for your health muffin.” Hux rolled his eyes. He heard the warnings at least a million times. He fished his cigarettes and a lighter out of his pocket. He lit a cig and inhaled deeply the smoke. “You don’t look surprised that I smoke.” noticed Hux. “ ‘s because you smell like a walking ashtray. No offence though sweetie.” Answered Kylo. Before Hux could defend himself Kylo spoke again:” Since when do you smoke?” Hux took another drag of his cigarette as he thought. “Hmmm…I started probably around…13.” Kylos eyes snapped open and he looked with disbelieving eyes at Hux. “You kidding right?” Hux shaked his head. “Why did you start so early? How did you get the cigarettes anyway at such young age?” Kylo sounded upset. “My dad is also a smoker. They were always cigarettes scattered around in the house. And one day curiosity killed the cat.” Explained Hux. Kylo opened his mouth, as if he wanted to say something but then just shaked his head and closed his mouth. They sat in comfortable silent for a while. Hux enjoyed the chirpings of the birds and how the sun illuminated his face. He took a deep breath and felt how is lungs got filled with somewhat clean air. If it was not for Kylo he would probably sit right now in his apartment and would work his ass off. Kylo broke the silent. “How old are you anyway?” asked Kylo with furrowed eyebrows. Hux laughed:” What do you guess?” “Around 21.” Was the immediate answer. “I feel flattered but no. Im 24.” “No way. You look way younger.” Kylo gave Hux a surprised look. “I guess I have good gene.” Hux shrugged with his shoulders. “You like the picnic so far?” Kylo looked Hux in the eyes. “Its...okay…. I guess.” Hux cursed himself. He wanted to say that it was awesome but he just couldn’t. Kylo grinned anyway at him happiness sparkled in his eyes:” Hehe way better than a stupid restaurant isn’t it?” “Will you tell me now why you can’t go to the restaurants I suggested?” asked Hux with curiosity in his voice. At that Kylo moved a little bit so that he could press his face at Hux hipbone and half hugged his lower torso. With muffled voice he said:”Nooo, it’s so embarrassing and you would think even more that I’m a child.” Hux didn’t know what to say so he just awkwardly petted Kylos head. “Wow Kylos hair is so soft and silky.” thought Hux as he began to stroke Kylos hair with more earnest. He moved his fingers through Kylos thick, wavy hair. The softness of his hair caressed his fingers. Kylos eyes fluttered shut by the ministration of Hux fingers and he let out small happy sounds. Hux looked down to Kylo and warmth travelled through his body. Hux felt strangely content. Kylo even started to purr like a cat at some point. It was a low, vibrating and even sound. The more Hux listen to the purring the more sleepy he got. Hux was at the brink of falling asleep as a loud voice said “May the force be with you” jerked him awake. He detected that the sound came from Kylos Phone that laid a few meters away from them. Kylos eyes flew open and he made a sound of annoyance. But instead of standing up to get his Phone he extended his arm in the direction of his smartphone and tensed his arm muscles. His face looked like as if he would concentrate on something very hard. After a few seconds he asked with confusion and a little bit of concern in his voice:” What are you doing?” Kylo relaxed his arm again and looked at Hux as if he had just asked the dumbest question:” I’m trying to use the force of course.” That didn’t help Hux. It only confused him more. “The…force.” He repeated uncertain. “Yeah. Like in Star Wars.” Hux looked clueless at Kylo. “Omg…you don’t…you don’t know Star Wars?” Kylo starred at Hux in disbelief. Hux slowly shaked his head. Kylo sat up :”“Omg you can’t be serious. You don’t know Star Wars? I’m judging you so hard right now. How can you not now Star Wars? It’s a masterpiece. OMG.” Hux opened his mouth to say something but Kylo took Hux face in both hands and said:” I don’t want to hear your excuses. Listen the next time we meet we are making a Star Wars Marathon. No discussion about this sugar.” Hux could only nod. Kylo made a pleased sound and let Hux go. He then got his phone like a normal person. He looked at it and his face turned into a frown. He looked up:” I just got a message from a friend. She needs my help. Sorry I need to go.” Hux felt disappointment flooding his body. He put his poker face on so that Kylo wouldn’t see it. With emotionless voice he said:” No Problem. I can understand.” With a sad smile Kylo put everything in the basket. They went to the entrance of the park. “I need to go that way.” Said Kylo. “I need to go the other way.” Hux pointed in the other direction. An awkward silent fell on both of them. “Well I guess that is goodbye for now.” Kylo scratched the back of his head. “Yeah…I guess.” God, this was so awkward right now. “Well…Im going then.” Said Hux and turned around. “Wait.” Said Kylo. Hux turned around and got pulled into a tight Hug. Hux, who felt not as uncomfortable as he thought he would be, didn’t really know what to do. His brain screamed “Hug him back” but his arms didn’t follow. After, what felt like a forever, he let Hux go. “I had really fun today cupcake.” Kylo whispered before he turned around and walked away. Hux stood there for a few seconds, processing what just happened. The he slowly turned around. He felt again this weird mix of happiness, nervousness and excitement as he walked home with the Rose in his hand. Chapter 5 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux let himself fall heavenly on the couch. He really did it. He met with Kylo. He really didn’t know why it was such a big deal for him. Maybe it’s because it was the first time in years that he broke out of his routine. Hux fumbled his phone out of his pocket to write Phasma. (07:00 p.m.)Hux: Do I smell like a walking ashtray? While waiting for an answer Hux lit himself a cigarette. He should really quit. But then again how many times did he tell himself that he should quit? He tried it. Often. But at some point he always got weak. He told himself that it was because work just got stressful. But that was only partly true. He knew it, Phasma knew it and he had a feeling that everybody at his work knew it. Of course his work college and his subordinates would also feel the effect of the lack of nicotine. Without it he was always in a bad mood and everything could tick him off. In one word he was a total bitch. Not the best conditions to work. He also had a feeling that everybody, safe for Phasma, was glad when he started to smoke again. Hux looked at his Phone as it vibrated. (07:05 p.m.) Phasma: What? Are you serious? Of course you do. (07:06 p.m.) Hux: Why did nobody tell me this? I knew that I smell like cigarette but a walking ashtray? Hux felt a little bit hurt by the comment Kylo made. Or maybe it was embarrassment. This was weird because normally he didn’t give a fuck what people talk about him. (07:07 p.m.) Phasma: That’s one of the side effects of smoking as much as you do. Did Kylo tell you that? (07:08 p.m.) Hux: Yes. (07:09 p.m.) Phasma: How was your date…not-date anyway? (07:09 p.m.) Hux: It was…nice…I think? (07:10 p.m.) Phasma: It was that good??! (07:11 p.m.) Hux: I didn’t say that… (07:11 p.m.) Phasma: You can’t fool me. Even your subordinates know your weird praising system. Hux frowned. Ok yeah maybe his praising system was a little bit off. And to say something was nice was daring for him. Normally he said things like “it was ok” or “I don’t hate it” and that basically meant he liked it or something was really great. (07:12 p.m.) Hux: Fuck you. (07:13 p.m.) Phasma: hahah (07:13 p.m.) Phasma: And the most important question…was he ripped ;) (07:14 p.m.) Hux: How am I supposed to know that? (07:14 p.m.) Hux: But he looked muscular. He also had broad shoulders and he was tall. (07:15 p.m.) Hux: He was taller than me. So rude. Hux was still a little bit pissed about that. (07:16 p.m.) Phasma: So he was tall, muscular and had broad shoulders? (07:17 p.m.) Hux: Yeah? (07:18 p.m.) Phasma: So exact the opposite of you XP (07:18 p.m.) Hux: Phasma!! (07:19 p.m.) Phasma: What? He is more of the tall side with broad shoulders and a muscular body (07:20 p.m.) Phasma: And you’re more on the slender, small, thin side. That was true. Hux knew he would always be stuck with his narrow hips and with a generally more slender body. It used to annoy him but he learned accept and love his body. He thought he was attractive, no he knew it. He had enough prove for that. But just because he came to terms with his body doesn’t mean Phasma should point the obvious differences out. That was just plain rude. (07:21 p.m.) Hux: I hate you. (07:21 p.m.) Phasma: Love you too. Hux put his Phone away and just know he realized that he lost a whole day where he could work because he met with Kylo. He breathed deep in and out with closed eyes. “Today will be a long day” Hux thought. It’s not that Hux had anything important to work on. It was just that Hux was a perfectionist and a control freak. Everything Hux did had to be perfect. Mistakes were not allowed. Not in Huxs world. But that meant also a lot of extra work. For example a lot of hours went in just checking presentations over and over again so that there was for sure no mistake in it. With determination he opened his eyes. He made himself a cup of coffee and went to work. Late at night he finally went to bed. Hux woke up. He lazily stretched his body and searched with his hand for his phone. After he found the phone he unlocked it. He had one message. He opened it. (05:00 a.m.) Kylo: good morning beautiful. hope u slept well : ) i really enjoyed yesterday Kylo wrote again so early? What was up with that? (08:13 a.m.) Hux: Good Morning. Yes I did sleep well. Hux didn’t know what else to write. He really didn’t want to tell Kylo that he also enjoyed yesterday. His phone vibrated. Kylo did really write fast back. (08:14 a.m.) Kylo: You still up for the movie night? (08:14 a.m.) Hux: Yes. (08:15 a.m.) Kylo: nice! When do u have time That was a good question. Hux made his way to the kitchen while he thought. But he should have time next week. Hux started the coffee machine and typed back. (08:18 a.m.) Hux: How about next Saturday? Come to my house at 6 p.m. (08:18 a.m.) Kylo: Sounds amaziiing :3 It was a lazy Sunday for Hux. He worked in a slow pace. Everything was like always except the fact that he was texting with Kylo. Hux didn’t know why he keeps in touch with Kylo. He normally did not do friendships…except Phasma. But could he call Kylo a friend? He saw Kylo only twice. Throughout the week his mind became more and more obsessed with Kylo. He thought a lot about Kylo. About his strange beauty, his laugh, his shy smile. He didn’t want to think so much about Kylo but he just couldn’t control it. And that made him worried. Something that he couldn’t control made him uneasy. The logical answer to solve that problem would be to delete Kylos number. But he just couldn’t do it. His finger hovered more than once over the button to delete Kylos number. But in the end he couldn’t do it. He truly was weak. At least he could suppress the weird foreign feelings he got when he thought about Kylo. It was finally Saturday. Hux woke up early. He checked his phone. (04:45 a.m.) Kylo: U never told me ur address. Oh yeah. That was right. He texted his address to Kylo. He didn’t ask himself anymore why Kylo was always so early up. He just accepted the fact. He scrolled though his chat with Kylo and smiled. Within the week Kylo sent him so many pictures. Mostly funny pictures or “memes” how Kylo called them. Kylo sent him also pictures of himself with and without friends. Or he sent him pictures if he saw something cute, disturbing or funny. Phasma forced him to sent her a picture of Kylo. Phasma sent him a RAWR ;) back. (06:45 a.m.) Kylo: Thx sugaarrrr ^^ Hux still didn’t get used to the nicknames. His heart skipped always a beat after he read the nickname. It was annoying as hell. Hux rose up and, after he drank his coffee and smoked a cigarette, decided that he should probably clean the apartment. Even though it already was clean. But Hux had the urge to clean, because everything had to be perfect. After already 15 min Hux body and mind started to relax. All his stress and thoughts got washed away. It was just him his cleaning supplies and the strong smell of cleaning products. He started to sing a little song. That was Hux secret talent. Singing. He was really good at it. After the cleaning he went to the store to buy snacks to eat during the movies. But what should he buy? Pocorn or Nachos or both? Which dip? Should he buy Chips? Should he also buy gummy bears and chocolate? Was Kylo a messy eater? Because if yes he would so not buy chips or nachos. At the end he bought Popcorn and gummy bears. It was the safest option. At sharp 6 his door bell ringed. Hux took a deep breath tried to ignore the knot that formed in his stomach and opened the door. Notes: the next chapter will be longer :) thx for reading my story friends Chapter 6 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) „Hey Hux“ said Kylo with a smile. “Hello.” Hux made a gesture that meant that Kylo could come in. Kylo stepped in and looked around. Kylo wore a black Tank Top with “Star Wars” written on it and a black-white Galaxy Leggings. The Tank Top barley covered his ass. His hair was tied in a messy bun. He also wore a black backpack. Of course the backpack was also Star Wars themed. Hux wouldn’t say he checked Kylo out but he checked Kylo out. The Tank Top did nothing to hide his well-defined muscles. “How much did Kylo train do get this body?” Hux thought while he unconsciously bit his lower lip. “Holy Sith (see what I did there? I regret nothing!) is this place big. Are you rich? And so freaking clean. You sure you are living here? Sweet Jesus on a boat is that your TV. Holy Moly. That’s such an amazing apartment. So fancy. And you have view out of a park. That’s everything.” Kylo was impressed from what he saw. Hux wasn’t really impressed with his apartment. His apartment was at the 20th floor of a sky scraper. When you walk in you were basically right in living room. On the left side of the living room was a 4 seater sofa in black. But on the sofa was easily space for 6 people. It was accessorized by 4 plain white cushions. In front of the sofa was a coffee table in a shape of a rectangle. The table was Glass topped with a cream iron base. A few meters in front of the coffee table was a big black Flat screen TV on a white TV table. On the right side of the room was a kitchen bar with a glass top and with 4 black bar stools that separated the living room from the kitchen. The kitchen was modern designed. The kitchen counters had also glass tops. In the middle of the room in front of a huge window was a table, also with a glass surface, and 3 black chairs on each side. Next to the window was a white bookshelf with his books and a picture of him and Phasma. So nothing special. At least for Hux. But Kylo looked around with huge eyes. “Aha so your name is Armitage.” Said Kylo suddenly. Hux cringed at the name. He really didn’t like his name. “How do you know?” he asked a little bit confused. Kylo just pointed at the mail on the table. Hux groaned. He forgot to put those damn letters away. “So can I call you Armitage?” Kylo asked. “If you do that I will literally kill you.” Hux said instantly. “I guess that’s a no then. Since I know your full name I guess it’s just fair when you know my full name as well. My name is”,Kylos voice got deeper,” Ren…Kylo Ren.” Hux snorted. He tried to cover it with a cough but failed. “What’s so funny?” Kylo sounded offended. “Nothing. Really.” Kylo looked unconvinced but dropped the subject. Thank god. “Who is that? Your girlfriend? Kylo pointed at the picture with Phasma. Hux laughed: “No. Thats Phasma. She is my best friend.” “Ou you’re best friend.” Kylo sounded relieved. An awkward silence fell on both on them. “Well”, started Hux,” how about we start the movie? I even went out and bought snacks.” Kylos eyes lit up. “You bought munchies?” You’re the best.” Hux put the snacks on the coffee table and was just about to sit down as Kylo said:” Stop, stop,stop. You really want to watch a movie dressed like that?” Hux looked down on himself. He wore a pair of trousers and a button up shirt. He didn’t understand what was wrong with that. “Yes?” it was more of a question than an answer. “Rule Number 1”, said Kylo in a serious voice,” is to wear something comfortable for a movie night.” “Okay?” Hux was still uncertain what Kylo wanted from him. They both stare at each other for a few seconds before Kylo said:” What are you waiting for? Get your sweatpants and a comfy Shirt and then let’s start the marathon.” Hux continued to look at Kylo before he slowly confessed:” I…I don’t have sweatpants.” Kylo stared at him, mouth wide open:” You kidding right? Right?” Hux slowly shaked his head. “Omg. Unbelievable.”Kylo shaked his head,” But it’s okay muffin because I have the solution. “ Kylo reached in his backpack and pulled a black pile of clothing out. Kylo grinned:” Here for you. A pair of sweatpants and a Shirt. Actually I wanted to wear them but I think you need them more than I do.” Hux took the clothes . With the clothes in his hand he had now a small problem. And with small he meant huge. Should he change here or should he go to another room? But wouldn’t it be weird to go to another room. They were both men so it shouldn’t be weird to change in front of him. But then again he didn’t know Kylo for that long. Is there friendship already at this point where they could change in front of each other? What should he do? “Okay calm down calm down Hux. Just do something and stop standing like a fool in the living room. That’s not like you.” Kylo started to laugh:” Oh got lil Hux all shy? Don’t worry I won’t look.” To proof his point he put both hands over his eyes to cover them. Hux looked uncertain to Kylo but then started to unbutton his shirt. He changed his top with Kylos Shirt and frowned. The Shirt was way too big for Hux. The Shirt reached to Huxs mid-thighs and the round neck slid a little bit over his left shoulder. It looked ridiculous in Hux opinion. “Can I look? Asked Kylo. “No you can’t.” Said Hux in a harsher tone than he intended. He then added:” Just wait another few seconds.” Kylo nodded. “Ok. The Shirt is a disaster but maybe the sweatpants will fit better?” thought Hux. But to his disappointment the pair of pants fit even worse. The sweat pants bunched at his feet and he also had to hold up the joggers so that they wouldn’t fall down. All in all he looked ridiculous. Hux sighed again and said:” Look Kylo I really appreciate your offer with the clothes but they don’t fit me well and I look stupid.” Kylo removed his hands from his face and looked at Hux. A bubble of laughter escaped his throat:” Omg you look so cute. Like a little angel bean.” Hux glared at Kylo. He had the urge to cross his arms but remember last second that he couldn’t do that. Hux opened his mouth to protest but the sound of a classic ring tone pierced through the room. Kylo almost fell from the couch because the tone was so loud. Hux snickered while he made his way ungracefully to his smartphone. He looked at the phone groaned. It was Hux business partner from Germany. Hux had nothing against this guy but he had a tendency to chat too much about his life. Hux knew it would turn into a longer conversation. He looked at Kylo and said:” Give me your phone.” Kylo tipped his head a little bit to the side to show his confusion. Hux extended his Hand to Kylo and looked at him impatiently. Finally Kylo gave Hux his phone. Hux phone still rang loud and annoying. Hux took the phone and looked at a cracked screen. Isn’t it annoying when the screen is so broken? He was just about to ask why Kylo didn’t typed the Passwort into his phone as he saw the phone didn’t have a password or anything like that. Hux guessed that Kylo was too lazy for that. He unlocked it and typed his W-LAN Password in the phone. Then he gave Kylo the smartphone back and said:” I connected you with my W-LAN. Feel free to watch TV or something. This phone conversation will probably take a while. Sorry for that.” Hux gave Kylo an apologetic smile. And with that he answered the Call. “Hallo Herr Blume. Was verschafft mir die Ehre? Hux forced himself to sound friendly and not annoyed. (Hello Mr. Blume. To what do I owe the honor?) “Nein kein Problem ich hab Zeit.“ Lied Hux. (It’s no Problem. I have time.) Hux rolled his eyes and made his way to his working room. His working room was a small room. The big white desk and the comfy black chair were in front of a window. The walls were plastered with white shelves out of wood. Hux stored mostly folders in them. Hux sat himself on the chair:” Gratulation das Ihre Tochter den Abschluss geschafft hat.“ As if he would care about that. (Congratulation that your daughter graduated from school,) Finally after 45 min the conversation was over. Hux leant back in his chair and closed his eyes. The matter could have been solved in 20 minutes. But no this guy had to talk about his private life for 25 minutes. Hux stood up and promptly the joggers fell down his legs. Hux sighed. And of course that had to be the moment Kylo knocked at the door and came in. They both stare at each other before Kylo got red and covered with panic hand moves his face:” Omg Hux I’m so sorry.” Not that he could see much. Kylos Shirt was like a mini dress for Hux. Hux pulled the sweat pants up and said in a calm voice:” I told you these are too big for me.” He was calm on the outside but on the inside he could die of embarrassment. “What language did you speak at the beginning of the conversation?” asked Kylo. “German.” Was Hux answer as they both sat down on the sofa. “German? That’s so cool.” Kylos voice was filled with excitement,” Say something in German please?” Hux looked annoyed at Kylo and was met with puppy eyes. “God dammit” thought Hux. Hux took a deep breath and said:“Grundstücksverkehrsgenehmigungszuständigkeitsübertragungsverordnung.(Yes that is a real German word. German is a strange language. It doesn’t official exist anymore though) It took him forever to learn the word. Kylos face scrunched up in confusion:” That isn’t a real word is it?” “It is.” Said Hux with a smirk. “What does it mean?” “It basiacly means the regulation on the delegation of authority concerning land conveyance permissions.” said Hux. “Okkaayyy. How did you learn the language?” asked Kylo. “My big brother taught me a little bit German. I’m not very good though. But it’s enough to have a normal conversation.” Hux had a smile on his face. “You have a big bro? That’s so cool. I don’t have any siblings. I wish I had a big bro.” Kylos sounded sad.” After a few seconds he added with a more cheery voice:” But I have at least a cousin. She is annoying but she is also like a sister to me. Her name is Rey. I already sent you a few photos of her.” “Is she the girl with the brown hair and the unusual hairstyle? asked Hux. Kylo gave him a thumb up with a wide grin. “How about we start the movie? I was so free and already put the DVD in your DVD player.” Said Kylo. Hux nodded. They started the DVD. Hux saw that they could choose between 6 movies. Star Wars Episode 1 The Phantom Menance Star Wars Episode 2 Attack of the Clones And so on. “6 movies”, thought Hux,” that’s a lot.” Not that he had a problem to pull an all-nighter. He was about to select Star Wars Episode 1 as Kylo almost screamed:” Stop. You need to choose Star Wars Episode 4.” Hux looked a Kylo with a raised eyebrow. Kylo explained.” Star Wars Episode 1-3 are prequels. So we need to start with 4.” “So basically we watch at first 4,5,6 and then 1,2,3.” Said Hux. But before he selected Star Wars episode 4 he said in a serious voice: ”Before I forget. I have a rule that you need to follow. The rule is don’t talk during the movie. No spoilers, no commentary, no fun facts, no anything ok?” Kylo looked a little bit disappointed:” Fine. But if you have any question or something like that feel free to ask me.” Hux nodded and then he started the movie. They sat a few inches apart on the couch. But Hux couldn’t help but to notice that Kylo inched more and more closer to Hux during the movie. They were half into the first movie and Kylo sat so near next to Hux that they knees were touching. Hux didn’t mind it. He actually liked it. Heat radiated from Kylos body and Hux stomach formed the weird knot again. If Hux was honest with himself he wanted to have more body contact with Kylo but didn’t know how without looking to obvious. He glanced to Kylo and saw that he happily munched some popcorn. Thankfully he wasn’t chewing loudly. Did Kylo inched closer to him on purpose or was it just coincident? Hux looked back at the screen and tried to concentrate on the movie. After being thorough 3 and a half movies Hux suddenly felt a heavy weight on his shoulder. His body froze. He slowly turned his head and saw that Kylo rested his head on Hux shoulder. What was Kylo doing? But then he heard a soft snore. Hux couldn’t believe it. Kylo fell asleep. “Kylo.” He whispered. No reaction. “Kylo.” His voice was louder now. Kylo jerked away and looked disorientated around. “What?” he asked with a sleepy voice. “You fell asleep.” Said Hux. “Ou.” Was Kylos answer before dropping his head back on Hux shoulder. Hux heartbeat started to race. He blamed it on the movie. Soon Hux heard again a soft snoring. And again he tried to wake up Kylo. But no chance. He only heard Kylo mumble unintelligent things while he cuddled even closer to Hux. Hux sighed. Is this guy for real? He fell asleep even though Star Wars is his favorite movie? What a fake fan. Hux looked at Kylo. A pleasant feeling settled in his stomach and he felt how his lips formed a smile. Well, he had to admit that Kylo looked kind of cute sleeping like that. The last movie was over and Hux sat now with a still sleeping Kylo and a wet shoulder in front of the TV while the credits were rolling down. His shirt was wet because Kylo apparently drooled while being asleep. What a child. At least it wasn’t his shirt. He was just wondering what he was supposed to do now as Kylo stirred. Kylo lifted slowly his head and looked with heavy eyelids o around. “What happened?” asked Kylo slurry. “What happened? You fucking fell asleep.” Hux voice sounded a bit too upset. “Did I? Oh. Sorry muffin.” Said Kylo while he stood up and stretched his arms. He yawned and let himself fell back on the sofa. “So how did you like it? Kylos voice sounded eager. Hux did like the movies. There was dramatic, action and romantic. So he quiet enjoyed it. He looked at Kylo to answer but instead an amused chuckle came out. “What? What?” Kylo asked. “Your eyeliner is like all over your face. And let’s not talk about your hair.” Said Hux with a grin. “What?!” Kylo shot up and grabbed his phone that laid on the table. He looked at it and touched with a horrified expression his face. Then he must have noticed his hair then he tried to untie his bun. “OMG. I look terrible. Don’t look.” He covered his face with his hands.” Where is your bathroom?” Hux pointed at it and Kylo picked his backpack up and almost run to the bathroom. Hux lit himself a cigarette and grabbed his laptop to work. Both objects were on the table. After 15 minutes of waiting he got a little bit worried and shouted:” You okay in there?” A muffled “yes” and “don’t come in” was the answer. After another 15 minutes he finally reappeared. His eyeliner looked good again but his hair was still a little bit messy. But was he doing so long in there? “You want me to brush your hair?” offered Hux. Kylo moved his fingers through his still tangled hair:” You would do that?” Hux nodded and put his laptop away:” Give me your brush and sit between my legs.” Kylo gave Hux his brush and sat a bit awkwardly between his legs. “How do you get your hair so soft?” asked Hux while carding his fingers through Kylos thick mane. Kylo, who oblivious enjoyed the treatment, answered:” Dunno. It was always like this. But how did you like the movie? That’s the real question.” Hux had switched to the brush and thought about his answer. How should he say he liked it without saying he liked it? “It was enjoyable.” Hux settled on this answer. ”Now I also understand the Force thing. It looks really useful.” “I knew you would like Star Wars. And it would be so cool if I could use the Force. Just imagine when you want something you wouldn’t have to stand up. If that isn’t awesome” Beamed Kylo. “Or you could Force choke someone like Darth Vader.” Said Hux. “But that would be quiet a dark think do to.” scolded Kylo. “And that would be bad?” questioned Hux. “Well I think you’d be more of a Jedi than a Sith” explained Kylo. “You think? And what are you then?” asked Hux curiously. “A Sith.” Kylo sounded serious. “…A Sith.” Repeated Hux. “Yeah…but I am trying to become a Jedi.” Hux noticed how the easy conversation turned in something probably more meaningful and serious and he felt a little bit uncomfortable because he didn’t know how to react. A silence fell on both on them. “Anyway”, Kylo broke the silence,” who is you favorite character and why?” “That’s a good question.” Hux was thankful for the topic chance.” Probably Leia. She is a natural leader. I mean she took charge when the escape plan proves to be…not much of a plan. She is also not afraid to get her hands dirty. Like she doesn’t just sit back and let other do things. And even though she’s a princess she can she can fly the hovering bikethingy and she can use weapons. I personally think she is pretty badass.” “Bikethingy.” Snickered Kylo.” You mean the speeder bike. Hux frowned:” I did not watch the movies just to be judged afterwards because I don’t know the correct words for specific things….What’s your favorite character? Let me guess. Darth Vader.” “YES. Darth Vader is so cool. I could list so many reason why I like him but I don’t wanna bore you. Do you want to know the main reason why I like him?” asked Kylo with a way too excited voice. “Sure.” “For me he is a Symbol that is never too late to change. It doesn’t matter how evil you are or how many bad things you have done. You can always change. You can always go to the light side. It’s never too late to do the right thing. Just like Darth Vader chose to kill the Emperor and not Luke. And if Darth Vader can change than I can also change for the better. Love is stronger than hate and Anger.” “That’s very deep.” Said Hux a little bit surprised. He still brushed Kylos hair even though it was already tangle free. Brushing hair had kind of a calming effect on him. He suddenly got an idea. “Should I also braid your hair?” “Yeah of course. But you can braid hair?” Kylo sounded surprised. “Yes I actually can.” Explained Hux while dividing Kylos hair into three equal sections.” My brother had very long hair between 13 and 18 and he forced me to always braid his hair.” Hux started to braid. “Why did he cut his hair? I could never cut my hair.” “With 18 he moved out and so I couldn’t braid his hair every day. He claimed that nobody else including himself could braid his hair as well as I did. He walked around with open hair for a while but quickly found out that long open hair could be very annoying. So he cut it.” Hux tipped Kylo on his shoulder to signalize him that he was done. Kylo stood up, turned to Hux and gave him a wide grin. “Thank you. You really are an angel.” Grinned Kylo.” What are we going to do now? I, for one, am very hungry. I can make us breakfast if you want.” “If you want. But I don’t think I have much in my Refrigerator.” warned Hux. “Don’t worry Sugar. I’m a creative young man.” Said Kylo with a wink. Kylo went to his refrigerator to inspect what food he had. He heard how Kylo opened his refrigerator. “Unbelievable. You almost have nothing in here. How do you survive?” asked Klyo horrified. “Take out and Restaurants. I don’t have much time to cook.” Hux started to work again. “No wonder you’re so thin. You need to eat healthy and balanced.” Scolded Kylo. Hux growled at the thin comment that Kylo made. “I ate until I was 18 healthy and balanced.” snapped Hux.” And even though I did that I’m still stuck with this body.” Nobody spoke a word after that. Hux worked and Kylo cooked. “I think you are perfect how you are.” said Kylo suddenly in a soft and quiet voice. “Thanks.” said Hux than he added.” Sorry that I snapped earlier.” “No worries cupcake. Where are you plates?” “It’s okay. I can set the table. You cooked already.” Hux got up to get the plates but forgot again to hold the joggers up so they fell again down his legs. He groaned quietly and pulled them up. He went to the kitchen and stopped behind Kylo to peer over his shoulder. “Grilled Cheese” said Kylo before Hux could even ask. Hux had the urge to put his arms around Kylos torso but resisted because firstly he needed at least one hand to hold up the sweaters and secondly that would be way too awkward. He fetched the plates and the knives and forks and set them on the table. Then he made himself a coffee. “You also want one?” he asked. “No thanks. I don’t really drink coffee. Except Starbucks.” informed Kylo Hux. “What do you drink instead?” asked Hux confused. “Water, tea, juice.” answered Kylo. “I guess than you can either drink water or tea. I don’t have juice.” “What kind of tea flavors do you have?” Hux looked in his cupboard where he stored his tea. He hadn’t much tea because he barley drank it. So his different tea flavors choices where fairly poor. “Chamomile tea, black tea and fruit tea.” listed Hux. Kylo thought for a short moment and answered:” Then I would like to have a Fruit tea.” After everything was set they both sat down. Hux felt strangely domestic. Hux tried the grilled cheese and damn it tasted heavenly. “You like it?” asked Kylo. Hux had the feeling Kylo would always ask him how he liked the food. “The cheese is really gooey.” It wasn’t really an answer to the question but whatever. Kylo didn’t mind it then he smiled happily to Hux. “So do you live alone or with your family.” asks Hux. “Alone. Me and my parents aren’t a good combination.” said Kylo. “I know that problem.” sympathized Hux. “Really?” questioned Kylo. “Yes. They force you to do something that you don’t want to do or to be someone that you aren’t and act all upset and disappointed if you don’t do what they want you to do or to be.” said Hux lamely. “Omg. Yes.” Kylo agreed enthusiastically.” Why do they do this?” Hux just shrugged with his shoulders. They continued to eat in silence. After they ate Kylo wanted to put the plates in the sink but Hux stopped him:” You don’t need to put them in the sink. Just let them on the table. I put them later away.” “But…” started Kylo but Hux gave him a stern look. Defeated Kylo put the plate back on the table. “You can relax and I’ll change my clothes.” stated Hux. He stood up and actual remembered to hold the joggers up. He went to his room and looked in his wardrobe to see what he could wear. He chose a dark blue pair of trousers and a white button up shirt. He rolled the sleeves up and went in the living room. Kylo was casual eating the rest of the popcorn and gummy bears while scrolling through his phone. He looked up as he noticed that Hux entered the room. Hux had Kylo clothes in his hand that he neatly folded. But before he gave Kylo his clothes he asked:” Should I wash it first and then return it to you? “ “Naw.” Laughed Kylo.” It’s okay like that.” He took the clothes and stuffed it in his backpack. Hux cringed at that. He just folded them. “Aren’t you tired?” ask Kylo. “What?” Hux looked confused to Kylo. “I mean you did stay the whole night awake but you don’t seem too tired. I think that is weird.” explained Kylo. “Oohh. It’s because I often pull all-nighter. Often two or three in a row. My rule is if you start to hallucinate than you should go to sleep. “Hux had to learn that the hard way. Kylo stared at him in disbelief:” What? Why? How do you stay awake so long?” “I work a lot and lots and lots of coffee.” “But still. That’s not healthy at all. Why would you go so far?” Kylo looked puzzled. “Sometimes you have to sacrifice things for the greater good.” “But not your health…” mumbled Kylo. Hux rolled his eyes:” I know what I do Kylo.” “Fine. Im just worried.” Pouted Kylo while he stuffed a hand full of popcorn into his mouth. Hux laughed quietly:” I appreciate it but you really don’t need to.” Kylo shouldered his backpack and walked with Hux to the house door. “So the movie night was enjoyable and I would not be against it if we do that again sometime.” Said Hux with a small smile. “I also really really liked it cutiepie.” agreed Kylo with a wide green and sparkly eyes. Then he opened his arms wide as an invention for a hug. Hux hesitated for a few seconds but then hugged in an awkward manner Kylos torso. Kylo hugged Hux with way to much strength back. Hux felt how Kylo nuzzled his neck. Hux thought that Kylo probably really liked to cuddle. After Kylo let Hux go they said they good byes and Kylo walked out of the door. Notes: Who would have thought that it would be so hard to describe something. It took me forever to describe Hux flat. And I didnt even describe everything. I searched forever in the interwebs to find the right words... And then get completly frustated if I dont find them. AAHHHHH! But praise the lord this chapter is finished. the chapter NOT the story ;) Chapter 7 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux woke up. He sat up and lazily stretched his arms. He grabbed his phone while yawning. Hux groaned. Today is Monday and in around 8 minutes would his alarm ring. Hux also saw that Kylo wrote him as usual a Good Morning message. He opened it and he had to smile against his will. (04:58 a.m.) Kylo: I know its Monday but Good Morning Good Mooorning to you. May the force b with u Honey Bunny. Hux felt ridiculously giddy because of the nickname. He also felt extremely stupid because of that. Pet names were in his eyes just stupid and unnecessary and kind of embarrassing. And with kind of he meant a lot. But as always with Kylo things were different. (05:58 a.m.) Hux: Somebody is in a good mood. Even though it’s Monday! Hux turned the alarm off seconds before it would have went off. It was a really satisfying feeling. Then he began with his morning routine and texted with Kylo along the way. It was generally a good Morning and Hux felt nothing could go wrong. At usual he was at sharp 08:00 a.m. at his office. As soon as he sat down he heard a knock at his door. Hux knitted his brows in confusion. Who could disturb him so early? “Come in.” As soon as the door opened and Hux saw who it was all his good mood went flying out of the window. It was Paul Heymann. Paul Heymann was a man with a nasty attitude. He had a similar position as Hux and they shared the same goal. To reach the top. They both knew at the end they would be only one. Paul noticed in a very short time that Hux also wanted to the top and tried to bully him out of the company. But he also realized that Hux wouldn’t quit so he changed his methods to sabotaging Hux. Hux despised this man. Paul cheated, tricked and manipulated his way up. He is a man without honor and a liar. A greedy disgusting human being who is willing to do anything to be at the top. But even though Hux hated him he had to admit that Paul was a brilliant business man. Paul grinned at him stupidly. “No good morning?” Paul asked in a mocking voice. “What do you want?” Hux forced himself to stay calm. “I just wanted to ask you how your presentation comes along.” “Presentation?” Hux felt a wave of uneasiness washing through him. He had no information about a Presentation. “Yeah. You know about the new Project.” explained Paul. Hux knew about the Project but the Presentation? Then Paul eyes widened and he asked:” Did I not tell you that you have to hold a presentation about the project in 3 weeks?” Hux just shaked his head. Unable to say anything. “Oh my god. I am so sorry. The Boss informed me 3 months ago about it and told me I should also inform you. I’m so sorry. I must have forgotten it.” Pauls apology sounded so fake it was disgusting. “Do you think you can still do the presentation in this short time?” asked Paul in a worried tone. His voice may sound worried but he couldn’t hide the evil grin on his face. “Yes I can.” The truth is Hux wasn’t sure but like hell he will lose against Paul. “If you’re so sure. It was nice chatting with you but I have actual business to attend. Have a nice day.” After Paul went out of the room Hux had the urge to scream. Scream in frustration. There was no way that Hux could do the presentation in only 3 weeks. He was 100 % sure that Paul had already a finished presentation and if Hux failed he could shine. But that will not happen. No matter what. Hux already said mentally good bye to his sleep. Hux sighed heavy. He called his 5 subordinates to an urgent meeting. But he was not only responsible for those 5 people. Those 5 people had also they subordinates. And Hux was basically the Boss from all of them. After only 5 minutes 5 people stormed in his office not even bother to knock. The first who stormed in was of course Jack. Jack was energetic and social outgoing. He was a chatterbox and had always a joke ready. He seemed always carefree and knew all the gossip and rumors. The next person who came in was Daniel aka Dan. Dan was a grumpy hothead. He walked around with a frown and complained about everything and everyone. A lot of people are sacred of him because of his angry outburst but Dan is actually a nice and caring person. After him came Kia. From the outside she looked professional and serious but she was actually a complete Nerd. She was a technic freak, loved video games and watched a lot of series. She was always in a good mood except something sad or stupid happened in one of her series or she couldn’t beat a boss in a video game. Then Sahra came in. Sahra was a kind and shyer person. She was always there when you need help and you can 100 % rely on her. Hux still thinks it weird that Phasma thinks Sahra had a crush on him. The last person was Raphael. He was the clumsiest and unorganized person Hux ever saw. He looked shy but he was far from that. He was not afraid to say his opinion or to put his food down in certain situations. “What’s up Boss?” asked Jack with a bright grin. “Calling us to an urgent meeting.” Said Dan annoyed. Hux explained what happened. Everyone stared at him with disbelief. “Is this guy for real?” Kia asked. “I’ll kill him.” Dan was almost shouting. “No you won’t Danny.” Raphael glared at Dan. “Tch.” Was Dan only answer. “What are we going to do?” asked Sahra. “Isn’t it obvious? We kick his ass by doing this presentation.” Said Jack in a cheery voice. “You do know how much work this is.” Said Kia. Jack laughed.” You are always in when we do crazy stuff.” “But seriously what are we going to do? Boss?” Raphael looked at Hux. “I agree with Jack. I bet Paul has already a finished presentation ready. And I refuse to lose against him. I can understand if you are not willing to help me since it will be a lot of work. But I probably can’t do it alone so I have to ask who’s in?” “I am totally in.” said Jack and jumped a little bit up and down in excitement. “I’m also in.” said Sahra. “Me too.” Said Raphael. “I guess I am also in. Even though next week is the release date of a new game. But I guess the game has to wait.” Kia sighed. That only left Dan. “Do I have to..” started Dan but a subtle light Kick in the shin from Raphael changed Dan’s mind. He sighed and said defeated: „Fine count me in.” After that they planned the presentation. It would be hard but not impossible. Hux trusted his team that they would do a good job. 10 days later: It was late in the evening. Hux was hunched over his laptop and worked. He had a major headache, his eyes hurt like a bitch, his whole body was sore and he was tired as fuck. He didn’t sleep for at least 70 hours. “Hey Hux.” said suddenly a voice. Hux looked up with tired eyes. Kylo stood in front of his desk. How did he come in? He didn’t hear anything. Hux looked at Kylo not knowing what to say. “You didn’t text me back the last 10 days.” Complained Kylo. That was true. Since he started to work on the presentation he just hadn’t time or more like forgot to write back. “That’s very mean of you.” “It is very mean of you.” Said a second voice. It was Phasma. How in the world. Then it hits him. Of course they were only hallucination. He hadn’t slept in 70 hours. “That’s true. I didn’t write back. I’ll do it later. But you guys are just hallucination. And what is one of the rules that I have? “If you start to hallucinate than you should go to sleep” said Hallucination-Phasma lamely. “You got it Hallucination-Phasma. And that is what I am going to do.” He was about to stand up as Hallucination- Kylo said:” Would you like to know why you feel so weird so different around me?” That perked Hux interest. “Don’t tell him. He should find out on his own.” Interfered Hallucination-Phasma. “But he will never find out. Maybe in 10 years. I can’t wait that long.” Whined Hallucination- Kylo. “And I didn’t ask you I asked Hux.” added Hallucination- Kylo. Hallucination-Phasma rolled her eyes and then vanished. “So?” Hallucination-Kylo looked at Hux. “Tell me.” “You know actually you already know the answer. Since I am your hallucination I only know things you also know.” Hallucination-Kylo smirked. “Well but I don’t know the answer. Are you gonna tell me or not?” said Hux annoyed. “You need to explore your feelings more and you need to stop suppressing them. If you would do that you would already know the answer.” Hux scoffed: “Feelings are useless. Actually I don’t even know why I still bother with you. I don’t have higher motives for you so it’s a waste of time.” “You really need to stop quoting your dad. How old are you? And here I thought I am the child. You think you are so smart but you know nothing. You know nothing about life. You only know how to work. Sometimes I think you’re not even human.” Kylo came dangerously close. Hux looked with angry eyes at Hallucination-Kylo and clenched his fist. “Stop it. You are not real. Go away.” Said Hux through gritted theeth. “I know Im not real. But what I say is real. Or at least is something you believe deep deep inside of you. Otherwise I wouldn’t know it. You know why you always suppress your feelings?” “Feelings make you weak.” “Again quoting you’re dad? Pathetic. But you know you don’t just suppress your feelings because of your dad taught you so. That’s only half the truth. You suppress them because otherwise you would break. You don’t want to feel because it would be too overwhelming for you. You are afraid of feeling. You are afraid of losing your control. You are afraid of so much. You are weak. You pretend to be strong but we both know that isn’t true.” taunted Hallucination-Kylo. The more Hux listened to Hallucination-Kylo the more he felt how his heart started to race. His muscles started to twitch. His chest was pounding way too loud and too fast. He couldn’t hear anything except his blood rushing through his body. His breathing got deeper and deeper. But it still felt like he would suffocate. His body got slowly numb and he felt lightheaded and dizzy. Hux tried to think of some breathing exercises that would calm him but he couldn’t concentrate. His fear was way too big. He wanted to scream but no sound was coming out of his mouth. And then everything went black. Hux woke up with a start. He lifted his head from the desk. A paper stuck to his face and he slowly removed it. Hux felt groggy and emotional exhausted. Everything felt so unreal. He looked at the clock. He slept for 3 hours. Normally he would freak out because three hours sleep was way too long but right know he couldn’t really care about it. “Fucking Hallucinations.” thought Hux. He hated them. Because every time he saw a hallucination they would always say mean stuff. Mean stuff that was also kind of the truth. “Well whatever,” thought Hux,” I am great. I am handsome. I can do everything. I am the best.” Hux grinned pushing his feelings, thoughts and doubts down. He knew it wasn’t healthy to bottle up his feelings and one day they would erupt like a volcano. But today was not the day. Hux stared at himself in the mirrow. In 10 minutes he would hold the presentation. Hux felt a little bit nervous even though there was literally no reason for it. He worked hard with the others and the presentation was perfect. Phasma taught him thankfully how to use make up because otherwise he would look like shit now. “You can do this. NO. You will do this. You are confident. You are the best. You ARE the best. You believe in yourself. You will nail this. You are Armitage Hux. You are amazing. A-M-A-Z-I-N-G.” Hux pep talked himself. With a confident smile he walked to the stage where he would hold his presentation. He looked down at way to many people. He saw Phasma who gave him subtle thumbs up. Hux was finally at home. He nailed his presentation. And now he was more or less free. At least free from the stupid presentation. A sensation of relief flooded his body. He undressed himself and went straight to bed. He was asleep in seconds. After what felt like 10 years of sleep Hux woke up. He felt good, he felt refreshed. He stood up to make himself a cup of his beloved coffee and lit himself a cigarette. He sat himself on his couch and his eyes fell on his forgotten smartphone. He hadn’t touched the phone in the last 3 weeks. Hux reached for it to check out his messages. He doubted that he had even one message. Maybe a missed business call or two. But when he looked at the screen he almost choked on his coffee. 40 unread messages and 10 missed calls. Holy hell. He saw that all the messages and missed call were from Kylo and he felt immediately bad. He completely forgot Kylo. He didn’t write him a single message the last 3 weeks. Hux scrolled through the messages and his heart broke a little. At first the messages were cheery but the more time went by the more worried and sadder Kylo got. His last message was from 6 days ago. (09:18 a.m.) Kylo: Hux? (10:11 p.m.) Kylo: :( Hux heart sank as he read that. How could he forget Kylo. He even had a hallucination from him. Hux thought what he should write back but decided to call. Kylo deserved a call. With slightly trembling fingers Hux called Kylo. He waited until he picked up. With every second his heart beat louder. “Hux?” a small voice said. “Yes.” said Hux. No idea what else to say. “Omg is that really you? I was so worried. I thought you were mad at me and that you hate me. Or that you are sick or hurt and in the hospital. Or that you got kidnapped and killed.” Kylo spoke way to fast but Hux heard the relief in Kylos voice. “Yeah. Sorry about that. I was busy with a presentation. And yeah…” Hux said. Right after he said that Hux had the urge to hit himself. What the fuck was that. Kylo deserved better. “I mean…I am really truly sorry and how can I make it up to you?” added Hux. Kylo laughed.” You don’t need to make it up. I am just glad that you are ok and that you don’t hate me.” Hux didn’t know how to respond so he said:” Wanna come over in like 3 hours?” “I would love to.” Answered Kylo. “That’s good to hear. You still know where I live don’t you?” “Yes don’t worry. So see you in 3 hours?” “Yeah. See you.” Hux hang up. After Hux hang up he jumped up from the couch. He had 3 hours to shower, to do his hair, do choose clothes and to clean. Hux calculated how much time he had for every task. He was excited and also nervous to see Kylo. He felt again this stupid knot in his stomach. That reminded Hux that Hallucination-Kylo never told him why he felt that way. Maybe he really needed to think about his feelings. But not today. Maybe tomorrow or something like that. Hux was sooner done that he thought. There was still 15 minutes left. 15 long minutes. He tried to calm himself. It was just Kylo that came over. But that thought made it not better. Not even smoking calmed his nerves. Then he heard a knock at his door. Hux opened the door and couldn’t help to smile as he saw Kylo. “Hey.” Said Hux. Kylo stepped wordless in and hugged Hux in a bone crushing way. “I was truly worried about you.” Said Kylo while nuzzling Hux neck. Hux didn’t know what to do. His arms hang useless around. And he had kind of trouble breathing. After a while said Kylo with a small laugh:” You can hug back you know. Just put your arms around my waist and put pressure on your hands.” “I know how to hug.” Mumbled Hux but followed Kylos instructions. It felt good. To hug Kylo. To be hugged. It worried Hux. But he also didn’t care right know. He closed his eyes and tried to just enjoy the hug. Notes: i purposely didnt describe the side Charakters so that you Can imagine them however you want