Prologue By the time they've packed their meagre belongings ( Rey insists that Luke's food supplies are nothing short of wonderful, how matter how simple) his body screams for her again. He hates himself for using such a kind, compassionate girl (she's a woman and a ravishingly beautiful one at that... says a little voice in his head that doesn't want to shut up ) after she's already filled him. For she is a girl, regardless of her wisdom which seems to transcend time itself. Regardless of her never-ending chivalry that blooms for all to see, mocking the hardships that cover her past. Hardships that would have driven lesser beings to scorn life but instead reinforced her amiable spirit. Rey is young enough to be his daughter. He knows it's not possible, that their master-padawan bond is the closest thing to a familial bond they have. Though he had wished it; after she told him how they left her alone in that lousy junkjard of a a planet, if only to give her some semblance of a family she wants so much, deserves so much. He hopes they had a good reason or died but he won't tell her that, won't risk tarnishing any part of the light she brings into a galaxy bleeding out in the dark. Mostly he's afraid. She had been the one to approach him, asking him to let her help. During the Rebellion he'd received enough honey coated words to last a lifetime. Betas, alphas and even doe-eyed female omegas came drooling at his feet just to catch a glimpse at "The Man Who Blew Up The Death Star". Most of them were content to talk, ask questions that ranged from the hilariously weird to the exceptional. But there had a few who wanted more. They'd boast skills in the art of lovemaking, bring flowers and chocolate; one alpha had even offered him matrimony. Rey is more genuine than any of those bygone suitors. Uncle Owen would like her, he thinks. Aunt Beru, the tatooine model for the omega house wife, would fawn all over her, give her a taste of "the best bantha stew this side of the outer rim" and offer blue milk cookies. His beta uncle had never been one for dramatics, but his affections, so rarely given to strangers but ever present in their small family, were nothing if not honest. He'd probably take out the old rifle grandpa Cliegg bought after the Tusken Raiders took grandma & tell her, no joking whatsoever that if she hurt him the last thing she'd see is his finger pulling the trigger. She'd win him over gradually. They shared an appreciation for hard work and it's impossible to hate Rey unless you're unnatural. Two weeks and he'd throttle anyone who badmouthed her. Ben( his Ben, the one who lived and died for him, the one he didn't fail. For everyone else he was Obiwan Kenobi, the Clone War's Negotiator but to Luke he'd always be the nice omega hermit who was always there when he needed it.) would love her. Her force sensitivity would make him fantasize about cherubic younglings he could bounce on his knees after a long day of training. After all,Ben had nothing against Han.... He stops that train of thought shortly afterwards. Han is gone, uncle Owen and aunt Beru are gone. Just like Biggs, Shara, his students and so many others. He's left with the memories and Force knows how many what ifs. Ben Kenobi talks to him, from time to time. Yoda used to show up with him but he scared him away after the massacre. The former Grandmaster had urged him to stop looking after his loved ones, insisted that he let go of them in order to carry out his duty more efficiently. Luke refused, is still refusing. These days Ben doesn't bring anyone except his father and even then, the ghost of Anakin Skywalker refuses to talk before his former master's had his say, probably out of guilt for the pain he caused his old friend during life. He considers hiding it from her but knows its futile. Without suppressants he's a beacon to every alpha in proximity. Han was always so gentle during his heat. Few would believe the farm boy turned Jedi Master if he'd tell people the great Han Solo left a New Republic war council at the drop of a dime just to aid an unmarked omega. Much less that said omega was the Grandmaster of the New Jedi Order. People thought them above such basic desires. He, Han and Leia had become more tale than flesh in the eyes of the people. Rey had thought him a myth before she got dragged into everything. She's not far off, he had told her: he was never the infallible hero they made him out to be in the Rebellion or the long awaited Messiah Leia's resistance hopes for. He thinks he's not the psycho, sanctimonious murderer the First Order calls him but then again crazy people rarely know when they're nuts. Rey had giggled and responded saying he needed work on his evil laugh which will be brilliant, no doubt about it, before becoming a full fledged villain and requested the position of evil sidekick.* He realized then, as she tore down his fears so casually, right or wrong he'll never leave her. That's what scares him the most. A hand on his shoulder, warm and tangible puts an end to his belittling mental soliloquies. He's wet all over, his clothes are ruined and he hasn't noticed until now. He's gone so deeply into his mind that without Rey's soft brush on his skin he wouldn't leave till next day. She's worried about him, he doesn't mean to worry her. If it were up to him there'd be no reason for concern. Avoiding the inevitable he starts to walk past her, ready to lock himself up in the room someway, somehow when she daintily takes his hand. She doesn't speak, frankly she doesn't need to. Her eyes commune beyond any written language. After their shared intimacy, he'd thanked her countless times like one of those sappy holofilm omegas he never really understood when he was younger. She had wanted to mark him for a moment, he let her think he was too enthralled under the sea of passions she bestowed upon him to notice but he did. The fact she didn't shows the integrity of her character and makes him all the more proud to be her Master. She wants to make him proud, even if how to do it is a mystery sometimes. She wants to comfort & protect what she loves, by some miracle that includes him. But there's an underlined message through her force signature. She sends it earnestly, with all the strength her spirit can muster. Never Without Your Permission , she emits. He squeezes the palm of this angel of mercy. Ever so slightly, he turns to face her. She smiles and places a delicate kiss on his cheek. He takes it further by pressing his lips to her mouth, her neck, her back. They lay as alpha and omega yet again, she falls asleep in his arms. Chapter 2 : Homecoming Summary: Luke and Rey arrive at the Resistance. Old friends and family are reunited as the pieces come together. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) His prediction proves true once the Millennial Falcon sets foot on D'Quar. ( Messiah indeed, he hears from Rey's thoughts as she feigns innocence at his situation) . The minute he steps off the ship everyone rushes toward him. Pilots young and old alike start hugging him as hope swells in their hearts. A great deal of them are strangers to him, most likely youths left destitute after the Hosnian System was destroyed. Children aged prematurely by a War they didn't start, much less asked for. Rebels in pursuit of just vengeance. Orphans haunted by the echoes of what was, what could have been and will never be. It's Alderaan all over again, he thinks ruefully. Any chance of a peaceful solution ( if there was ever one at all) burst into flames with Starkiller's beams. Now that he's back, they'll fight with renewed dedication. People have a tendency to feel invincible once Jedi enter the fray. To cast aside self preservation in exchange for gallantry as people elevated to the rank of legends walk among them. He sees Admiral Ackbar out of the corner of his eyes. The Mon Calamari breaks off the crowds and puts everyone back to work. Some things never change. He and his padawan stare at the old Rebellion leader, not knowing what to expect. Rey takes a defensive position as her hands start reaching for the lightsaber strapped to her belt. No need for that dearest, Ackbar's an old friend he tells her through their force bond. She blushes shyly at the sobriquet affectionately given. It's times like these that made him wonder if she was really an alpha before the whole heat fiasco. More than laudation, she seeks belonging, more than ambition, she yearns for kindness. Beyond a shadow of a doubt, she is the humblest alpha he's ever known. Her husband will be the luckiest man alive. The Admiral greets them quickly, giving no favoritism whatsoever. Just as it should be, in Luke's opinion. Hero worship is a good way to get yourself killed during wartime. Ranks and mysticism don't make you bulletproof. He manages to surprise the Mon Calamari by insisting Rey be present in all War Council meetings from now on. His padawan is equally startled, but that's to be expected. As soon as the admiral goes to fetch Leia, she protests. He strengthens his mental shields so she doesn't realize he wants to kiss that adorable frown off her face. She recommends Poe as a military advisor in her stead, claiming Jakku didn't specialize in the art of war. Rey sees command as a responsibility she might not be able to bear, not a privilege. Exactly the type of person the Resistance needs for a lasting victory and more importantly, a lasting peace. In a better world, she would be one of many students in his Academy. His nephew would be a proud example of the New Jedi or a pilot, flying dauntlessly with his father but this is not that world and there are no carefree options. Certainly not for those with the Force flowing through them. He gives her time to consider, at the very least she's earned that. A force presence, mature yet untrained walks into the room. Leia , when last he saw her, his sister still sported a long cascade of chocolate locks, now her hair has gone grey. Living proof of her lifelong lamentation. Dark brown eyes meet blue as she drinks in his presence, tears threatening to fall. He stays silent as his twin sister wraps her arms around him. For what words can express prolonged sorrow, butchered hope, shattered pride? I missed you little sister. Ten paces behind, he hears Rey weep in joy. He pulls her into the hug and wishes he had met her thirty years ago so Leia's Ben could benefit from her influence. His sister punishes him for leaving by way of paperwork. At the end of the week, he'd rather go back to Hoth than file any more documents & that's saying something. On a positive note, he catches up with current events much faster than he would have without Leia's quiet form of payback. Nice to know she still cares about me. The highlight of his days so far is his afternoon sparring sessions with Rey. She's learning quickly, soon enough she won't need him anymore. A fact she seems completely oblivious to. On their first night at the Resistance stronghold, she had sneaked into his quarters and woken him up after a particularly bad dream. She had asked if she could stay with him a few hours. A childlike request, made by a woman who grew up alone. Luke had tucked her in bed and told his Padawan she could stay with him till morning. That was two weeks ago, they're still waking up together. Master Yoda must be absolutely disgusted with him by now. In his defense, nothing sexual has happened between them (the heat incident doesn't count). Much to his father's chagrin. Anakin Skywalker never approved of Han but he's all too happy to give Rey away at the altar. (For Force's sake father, stay out of my love life!!!!) The Skywalker patriarch's been dead for too long, his head is in the clouds. Rey deserves someone young and gentle and brave. Someone she can kiss in front of everybody with no risk of judgemental gossip. Not a wrinkly, broken Omega whose body is starting to deteriorate. He's been forced to meditate more often since their practice keeps giving him lower back pain and/or breathlessness afterwards. With his rotten luck, it's probably early signs of arthritis. His shields are higher than ever. The Resistance will lose morale if they find out he's sick. Military rations make him nauseous, he's been living on vegetables and broth. Nighttime feels a lot colder than he thought it would on D'Quar. Some days the heat is too intense for him. Other days he's containing the urge to stay asleep till noon. If we survive the war, I'll need a wheelchair by the next decade at the rate I'm g oing. He'll be damned if she's the one pulling him everywhere. Notes: Hands out tin cup Comments please????? Chapter 3 : Confessions Summary: We see Rey's point of view regarding the odd changes in her Master and what she wants from him. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) How can someone be scared and giddy with excitement at the same time??? That's what Rey wants to know. Is this an alpha thing?? Her education in that aspect is practically nonexistent, hell she learnt more sharing Master Luke's heat for five days than all her years on Jakku in that area of expertise. He probably has the answer. Sometimes he's not unlike a walking library. Then again, Master Luke is at the heart of this problem so he might be biased. Stop lying to yourself: you're not scared of him being biased, you're scared he'll wake up and finally see the gutter rat you are. The junkyard's where you came from and that's where you belong even if you fool everyone into thinking you're a Jedi. She halts that line of thought promptly, they can't afford to think like that. There's too much at stake. Besides, Luke is unquestionably the kindest person she's ever met. The man embraced a protocol droid and called it a dear friend, for star's sake. He's not going to turn around and call her worthless. If anything he represents everything that's worth fighting for in this galaxy. The General's been sending Master Luke on highly classified missions since Rey created her first lightsaber. Luke insists that the master-padawan bond means no unnecessary secrets and spares no detail describing where he's been, what he's seen, who he's become acquainted with. Occasionally, he brings her what he calls "trinkets". Rey is inclined to believe that he gifts them for the fun of watching her cheeks turn scarlet. This particular operation lasted six days. She wasn't afraid of him dying, at this rate she understands why most stories claimed Death holds no power over him. The worst part was waking up to an empty room. She's grown accustomed to seeing his face, inhaling his scent, basking in the light he radiates so effortlessly. Every day without him is hollow. Finn and Poe are the highlight of her otherwise tedious week. They train together, hang out, try to convince her to go on blind dates. She loves her friends deeply but it's not the same as being with Luke. On the fifth day, when news from the middle Rim heralded his return; Rey came to the conclusion that she wants Luke to be her Omega. She borrowed a shuttle, went to Mos Espa & bought a pair of traditional Tatooine couple rings. Hence the simultaneous fear and excitement. She's thrilled with the prospect of having Luke as a lifemate and terrified that he'll reject her or worse pity her. " Luke's not coming for a few hours Rey. I'm sure he won't kill you for getting some shuteye. What's in the box?" "Poe, please tell me the General didn't assign you as my personal bodyguard!!!!" "Relax... I'm here cause a little blue droid we both know and love told me that you bought an engagement ring. Who's the lucky guy? Or girl, I swear I won't judge." "Poe!!! Who else did Artoo tell?" "No one, stop yelling. Can I tell Finn or see the rock at least?" "You're not telling anyone unless he says yes." "Aha!!! It's a man. Beta, Omega, double Alpha coupling?" "The Resistance is doomed to failure if you're their best pilot." "Hey!!! You're welcome to insult everything else but don't mock my flying skills." "Then don't snoop around private business or let Artoo do it either." "I swear on my part if you show me the ring but Artoo only takes orders from Luke." "Fine, here: look at it" "Not bad. Simple yet elegant, these markings look tatooinian....... Rey is this ring for Luke Skywalker?!?!?! " Keep your voice down, you said you wouldn't judge. " " This isn't my condescending tone, this is my completely caught by surprise tone. You don't wanna see my judge voice, people have cried. " " Good, I'm nervous enough without people judging me. I've never proposed to anyone before. " " Rey: Do you love him?" "Yes, that's why I'm doing this. " "Then you have nothing to worry about, unless you hurt him then Darth Vader's ghost will personally strangle you to death." "Poe, I don't need that image in my head!!!" " I'm just saying, the Skywalkers are an awesome but highly dysfunctional family. And speaking of Skywalkers, Leia won't like the age difference between you two. " "The General can't chastise me for loving her twin brother. She married a man 10 years older than her!!!" " 10 years is narrowly accepted by social standards, 38 years is pedophilic to most." "Then come you don't think Luke is taking advantage of me? "Several reasons: A) Luke's an Omega, if anything biology certifies that you'd be more likely to take advantage of him since you're an Alpha. B) If he was, the General would castrate him. And C) I've known Luke my whole life, outside of battle he wouldn't hurt a fly. I'm going to sleep, good luck. " She tucks the box inside her belt compartment. It can wait a day or two. Poe's given her a lot to think about. If she's going to propose, she has to get Leia on her side. Furthermore, Luke is under a lot of stress. It's starting to take a toll on her Master. He hides it so well, most people don't find any perceptible symptoms. But the Force never lies. His shields are too fortified for normal circumstances. And why is his scent changing? Scents don't just change overnight. Nobody seems to notice that either. Except Chewie who took one sniff at Luke on their arrival and muttered something about stupid humans & willful blindness. When she asked what he meant, the wookie claimed it was Luke's responsibility to tell. Why are wookies so stubborn? She knows Luke trusts her, but he hides part of himself from everyone, even his sister. If they were husband and wife, then they'd have no secrets from one another. She wouldn't take advantage of him like Poe says she can. That conflicts with her goal of lifting his self-esteem. While sharing his heat eight weeks ago was the best sex she's ever had in her life, physical pleasure is the least important part of a relationship. Luke makes her feel liberated, though sometimes when a sliver of his mental shields cracks she feels his fear of trapping her. The poor man's convinced that life beside him is a curse. He fakes a smile in front of the Resistance, it's so convincing they believe it's genuine. The First Order sees him as a prize or a demon, the Resistance sees him as a God. When did he stop being human to all those people? Billions all across the galaxy fear him, admire him or hate him and yet only a handful of individuals really know who Luke Skywalker is. Her master sees himself as damaged goods, slowly rotting away with the passage of time. Luke, I wish you could see yourself the way I see you. Notes: Hands out tin cup Comments please??? Chapter 4 : Stirrings Summary: Upon his return to D'Quar Luke discovers a life changing consequence of sharing his heat with Rey. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) If he were 23 again for just a minute, Luke wouldn't hesitate to tell Rey how much he missed her. How he ached for the touch of her hand, craved the dulcet song of her breath. When he lands on D'Quar his padawan is there before everyone else to greet him. Poe gets a good-natured push for telling him Rey's been waiting for hours. He analizes their interaction, a message is hidden in Poe's eyes but he can't decipher it. The Force tells him the beta pilot cares deeply for his padawan. He'll nurture those feelings to something stronger in both cases if he can. Young Dameron would be a fine match for her. Leia would certainly think so. They look at each other, Master and Padawan. She hugs him, every pilot with a readable mind calls it a touching father-daughter reunion. Their thoughts make him feel like a lecherous, baby eating krayt dragon. Rey shows him every new part of the base. Was he ever that energetic? If so, he pities and admires poor Master Kenobi for having to deal with two generations of hyperactive Skywalker males. He worries when he realizes that Rey hasn't slept in her bed at all. Her attachment to him is growing dangerously close to a romantic bond. What could she possibly see in a 57 year old, fracturing omega? He has nothing to offer save his knowledge of the Force. It dawns on him that Rey had never been with an Omega before. She's letting biology control her desires. It's the only logical explanation. In her naivete Rey assumes that sharing a heat binds them together. His thoughts are interrupted by the sensation of an upcoming nosebleed. As bad as they are, it's still preferable to the nausea waves and the heartburn. They're a lot easier to suppress with meditation. Rey sneaks back to his bed at night. My powers for a way to stop her without causing emotional damage to both of us. Rey never touches him while they sleep. Proximity is usually enough for her. Tonight she's cuddling his arm. A cold shower would be great right now. Her hands move towards his stomach and start caressing his abdomen. "Rey, that's extremely inappropriate. Keep doing that and I'm locking the doors from now on." "Forgive me Master Luke. I just felt compelled to it for some reason. I didn't know it was improper." "No harm done, is your rut close?" "It wasn't sexual Master Luke. If anything it was fuzzy, like when you see a pup and want to wrap it up in your arms." "Remind me to set you up on a date, you have too much free time on your hands if you're babysitting." "Where would you take me for this date Master Luke?" "Padawan... at this age it's not unusual for some females to develop what is commonly known as baby fever. In which case, they fantasize about having offspring. For alphas this means you're drawn to omegas because biology dictates that they're more likely to fall pregnant. Since I'm the only Omega you know intimately, your body tells you that being with me in a romantic sense is..... recommended. But deep down you know that things wouldn't work out between us. " Rey saddens at his reasoning and retracts her hand from his stomach. She may not like hearing this now but she'll thank him someday. Rey deserves the sun, he can't even give her the moon. As soon as her palm leaves, he feels an unknown force signature send miniscule threads of sorrow. For a moment he fears that it might be a Knight of Ren but upon further inspection the new signature is far too pure for any darksider. The light glows like a tiny beacon so small only a true Master could sense it. Not to mention the fact that it's untrained, almost childish in nature. He gets out of bed carefully so he doesn't wake Rey and looks for this being through the Force. This unidentified lightsider could be a valuable asset to the war. Leia's resistance needs all the help it can get. All of a sudden something inside him moves. It feels like a butterfly, softly fluttering within. He lightly presses a hand on his stomach and the force signature beams with simple joy at being acknowledged. The last few months suddenly make sense. That inexplicable constant tiredness, the abdominal pain, the increased sensitivity and random headaches. Please no. I'm too old to be with child. This can't be happening, no!!! "Master Luke, are you alright? Is there anyway I can help you?" You helping me has either doomed me to become a whore in everyone's eyes or condemned you to a life of misery. My dear Rey what have I done to you? "No thank you, Rey. I'm fine. Go back to sleep, I'm sorry for waking you up." Notes: Hands out tin cup Comments please???? Chapter 5 : Predicaments Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Luke asks Chewie for a medical droid. The wookie says it's damn time he began a decent prenatal care plan. Afterwards, Chewie laughs when Luke tells him he didn't know about the pregnancy until three weeks ago. Turns out Chewbacca knew from the moment he sniffed him upon arriving at D'Quar and thought Luke was aware of it as well. It's relaxing to let a living being in on the secret. He hasn't told Leia out of fear she'll want an abortion. From a legal standpoint, that'll be illegal in two days when he hits the end of the first trimester so if (when) Leia finds out it'll be too late for infanticide at least. It is imperative that Rey must never know. If she finds out Rey will be saddled with a kid she accidentally made. Briefly, he lets himself imagine a life together with her. Rey holding his hand through childbirth, both of them raising the baby together, being marked as hers for every star to see. Then he pictures a 44 year old Rey dragging an 82 year old version of himself in a hoverchair. He summons that image in his mind while he trains her to keep the pregnancy hidden. Repeated attacks from the First Order force the Resistance out of D'Quar. Sanctuary is found on Yavin Four. Leia offers for him to stay on the ship, Luke refuses to be coddled. Snoke's past actions leave him trembling on the floor. Rey picks him up and sings lullabies. The baby calms down before he does, it likes the sound of it's mother's voice. Luke wakes up to Rey hugging him, in light of the circumstances he can't blame her. His padawan jokingly claims he's getting fatter. He takes off his robes in the fresher and sees the slight distention of his abdomen that won't go away when he sucks in his stomach. Oh shit, he's showing ahead of time. Leia didn't start showing until she was halfway through the second trimester so why am I sporting a bump this early? Time to consult the ghosts. "You know, this reminds me of a situation during the Clone Wars. An Omega Jedi named Mallie shared a heat with an Alpha Jedi named Kento Marek. A month later healers confirmed she was pregnant. They married and left the Order. " " How they'd end up Ben?" "Mallie died fighting trandoshan slavers. A few years later I killed Kento and took his son for my Sith apprentice. Until the sleemo betrayed me to become a Jedi and strengthen the Rebellion." "Anakin!!!" "What? You want me to lie? I've never lied to my son, even when I was a Sith Lord." "Old friend, Luke called us for emotional support, you're going to give him a heart attack. " "I don't see what the problem is. You love her, she loves you. Marry the girl and raise the children together. Problem solved. " "Father, stop playing matchmaker and... Wait children, as in plural form, more than one child!!! " "Next time I'm pacifying Luke on my own. How does Padmé put up with you so effortlessly?" " Obi-Wan, Luke's not talking anymore. " " What do you expect after dropping information on him so tactlessly?!? He's still processing the fact he's having twins. Thank the Force I never shared my heat with you." "You shared with your girlfriend just fine on Mandalore. Any babies with her you never mentioned by any chance?" "I see no reason to elucidate my....relationship with Duchess Satine to you. " " Luke's still not talking. Think we should shake the boy up a little bit?" "He's not a child Anakin. Luke has outlived the both of us. *We look like his sons, instead of the other way around." That explains why sometimes the baby sounds like a boy and other times he hears the voice of a little girl. Father clarifies how his grandchildren's force signatures are intertwined so closely at this point that no one alive can see both of them. Anakin has been ecstatic about the possibility of being involved with a grandchild. Leia had forbid the Skywalker patriarch contact with Ben since the beginning. His father and Obi-Wan keep the shields up when Luke is asleep so he can actually rest. The little ones talk to him in his slumber, their inoccent chatter is a fountain of unadultered joy. Luke nearly cries when his son apologizes for the round ligament pains he and his sister are causing daddy. So much power and they're blissfully unaware of it. He envies them that. Rey overhears her daughter's giggles when he's fourteen weeks along and his little girl wants Mommy to know her laugh. Thankfully, Rey assumes it came from a child somewhere in the base. He starts locking the doors and tells the babies that talking to Mommy without permission puts her in danger to avoid any further mishaps. Rey asks what she did wrong the next morning and it's so agonizingly tempting to just tell her then and there. It might not even need words, he could just take off his robes, press her hand to his belly and let her figure it out when she inevitably feels what they created almost four months ago. But she looks so young, is so young. At her age, he had wanted adventure. Had gazed at the twin suns, wistfully hoping for a way out of his homeworld. If he had known Uncle Owen and Aunt Beru's lives was the price for his wish to come true, he would had never dreamed it at all. Uncle Owen warned him once in his teenage years that heroes don't get happy endings because they have no peace, instead they are blessed by the peace they give to others. He had thought his uncle a grumpy old pessimist back then even if he didn't say it, now he knows what he meant. Luke tells Rey he locked the doors to lessen her attachment to him because she'll be ready for knighthood soon. The children will be his last adventure, he can't let them be hers too. Notes: *I picture Ewan McGregor for Obi-Wan in this fic. Hands out tin cup: Comments please??? Chapter 6 : Confrontation Summary: Sorry I haven't written much, the new college semester is time consuming. Enjoy. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey finally manages to get Luke all to herself three weeks after he closed the doors. If complete detachment from Luke is the price for knighthood, the scavenger turned padawan doesn't want it. Maybe she can be a Gray Jedi. She's been trying to have a moment alone with him but for some reason Luke has grown distant from everybody. They don't hug anymore, their physical contact is few and far between. Hell, they don't even spar together these days. Luke's replaced sparring with individual katas. Every time he pushes her harder, like he's racing against some mysterious deadline. General Organa's been worried about him ever since he refused a medical checkup with doctor Kalonia. Poe is scared Master Skywalker will work himself to death cause he seems so tired lately. Finn claims Luke is ill cause he's walking a little slower than usual. Chewbacca's the only one at ease with Luke's inexplicable changes. She invites Luke to the Falcon where a warm, non-ration meal was served. Their hands touch and the ache in her chest dissipates. Propriety was all that prevented both of them from eating ravenously. They bring each other up to date on their missions and laugh over Black Squadron's latest shenanigans. Oh, how I've missed your company. During dessert she gently slips the ring into his flesh hand and asks for his hand in marriage. The moment he becomes aware of her proposal he freezes. Is prolonged silence a good sign or a bad sign? She's pictured this scenario a thousand times and her imagination didn't reach an outcome where Luke just stays there without saying anything. And Rey's thought up plenty of reactions: Outright rejection, the offer of a platonic marriage, a politely phrashed request to never speak of this again, the "I like you as a friend" speech, reprimanding, disgust and on occasion she's fantasized that he answers by kissing her senseless. After a seemingly endless silence, she sees his lips move. "I was under the impression that we'd decided not to pursue a romantic relationship. " " No, you told me it wouldn't work out. I think we should give it a chance. " "Rey, do you even know what marriage entails?" " I'd be yours and you'd be mine. We would share everything with one another. Our joy, our dreams, our sorrows. We would live together, sleep together, just sleep if that's what you or I need and if the Force be willing have children and die together as well. " " That's a beautiful way of thinking. Idealistic yet tangible. But you're not considering the circumstances. We're in the middle of a war. Until a lasting peace is established, nothing can supercede our duty. Even so, this match would be...." "Don't you dare say complicated!!! After all we've gone through I want a better explanation for ripping my heart out!!! What is it: my inexperience? I know I'm a child compared to you physically but mentally I'm mature for my age, if you'd just let me --" "You think I don't know that!!! You think I'm not aware of the fact that you're strong and patient and beautiful?!? I marvel at the very thought of you. Truthfully, sometimes I have trouble believing you're real and not some fantasy my mind created to keep the nightmares at bay. Stars help and forgive me, I am hopelessly in love with you, that's why I can't---. " Whatever masochistic bantha fodder Luke meant to say is lost as Rey presses her lips to his. Someone loves me. Someone actually fell in love with me. The Old Jedi Order's ban on attachment suddenly makes sense to her. Right now, she'd do anything for this man. He has uttered the words she's spent a lifetime waiting to hear. Those three words so often misapplied. It had baffled her and Finn how casually fellow resistance members claimed to " love ". By their definition, everything is lovable. A new airship model, an extra pair of power converters, a stray lothal-cat you pet for a moment and never see again. She found their definition faulty. Kissing Luke is much more pleasant than all those things put together. It's different from how they kissed during his heat. Then, necessity had given way to desire. In many ways it fit the contradicting nature of the Old doctrine. Master Skywalker had been her lover, teacher, guide and anchor all at once yet he expected them to slide back to their routine like nothing happened afterwards. Now, there is acknowledgement that things have changed, there is the possibility of living side by side. Rey's through giving a damn about what they say. Let them call her crazy, sane people are seldom content anyhow. " Rey, I have to tell you something--" "Finish kissing me, then you can talk till sunrise." "Careful dearest, I'm still your Master." "Soon I'll be your wife. Your stomach's hardened. Are you sick? Is that why you've been avoiding me?" "Hold on, just what makes you think I'm going to marry you?" "We love each other. And you were the one who told me we should fight for who and what we cherish." "I need another kiss before coming to a decision. And afterwards, we need to talk. I mean it Rey." "As my Master commands." " What the hell is going on here!!!" General Organa? What are you doing here? "Padawan stay here, I'll sort things out with my sister." "Master, I can't just leave you alone. I've got a bad feeling about this." Holy Smokes, he kissed me again. This time in front of kriffing Leia Organa. "Trust me. We'll be fine, promise you won't interrupt. Your word, Rey." We? What could you possibly mean by that Master Luke? "I promise not to interrupt you defending us." Looks like I'm climbing the air vents to Leia's office. Notes: Hands out tin cup: Comments please??? Notes: I have never, never written anything like this before so please let me know if this is readable. *While Mark Hamill is mostly known for his role as Luke Skywalker in live action movies he's made quite a name for himself in cartoon voices. He was the voice of The Joker in the 90s Batman Animated Series, a role he reprised in Justice League, Batman Beyond: Return Of The Joker, Batman: Under The Red Hood, The Killing Joke and the cartoon Suicide Squad film. When imagining the Joker's evil laugh most people think of Mark's interpretation.