There was a disturbance in the Force. As if one single voice had cried out in the darkness. Wailed in lamentation. Despair. Hopelessness. It was a feeling so potent that it jerked Leia Organa awake from a dead sleep. She sat bolt upright in her bed, gasping for breath, hair loose and in disarray. All around her the Force surged with the aftershock of such an upheaval. Slowly, she put a hand against her breast, over her heart, trying to calm it. To make it stop racing. She hadn’t slept well in days. Despite their victory over the First Order, despite the destruction of Starkiller Base and subsequent scattering of the military insurgents, Leia had felt unnerved. Unsteady. At first she had told herself it was from the anxiety of retaliation. The First Order would strike back at them, surely they would. Their enemy was not the sort who would let such a brutal assault go unanswered. They would not simply take a loss like that, unless, in destroying Starkiller, the Resistance had struck a greater blow than they thought? Leia didn’t know, she kept the base on D’Qar on high alert. But no attack came. It was as if the First Order had entirely vanished from the Galaxy. Who knew, perhaps they had? It was then Leia was forced to consider other factors. Perhaps it was a matter of her delayed mourning of her late husband, Han Solo? Grief manifested in strange ways. Her connection to the Force compounded the issue. She had known the moment it had happened. It had been as if someone had ripped a part of her heart out. Rey had recounted the events on that bridge. Seeing Ren lure Han out onto the bridge. Their discussion, the shocking revelation that the monster that was Kylo Ren was the son of the famed Han Solo. That split second where everyone had held their breath, Stormtroopers and Resistance alike, as Han had placed his hand on Kylo’s offered lightsaber. Then it had gone dark in that great room. The light vanishing and along with it all hope of the monster ever being human again. Rey had told Leia about the events in the forest. How she and Finn had both fought the monster through the snow as the planet had fallen apart around them. How she had cut Kylo Ren down, yet even once his lightsaber was damaged, he had defended against her strikes with the pure power of the Force. The monster refusing to die. Leia had listened, nodding in all the right places, her heart silently aching. The monster. Her son. Or at least who had once been her son. The General felt some small relief when Rey didn’t ask her who Kylo Ren’s mother was. That was a closely guarded secret, only a handful of people knew that Ben Solo had fallen, that he had sunk into the seductive embrace of the Dark Side. A mark of shame. It had been a heavy enough blow coming to terms with the fact that the terrifying Darth Vader had been her own father. The man who had tortured her as a teen for information about the Rebellion. The man who had killed so many for the Emperor. But to have her own son fall as well. It was almost too great a burden to bear. And here she had been so convinced that there was good in him still. That perhaps, like Luke had redeemed their father, Han could redeem their son. How wrong she had been. Perhaps she was still wrong? Perhaps she had failed to realize the severity of the situation? Failed to realized just how very far down that dark and damned path her son had gone. Perhaps her son was beyond saving? Could she even call him that anymore? If he was even still alive, that was. Rey had no idea if he had escaped Starkiller Base. She had fled when the chasm had opened between them. Fled and not looked back. Leia had tried, time and time again to reach out with the Force. To try and sense her son. To try and reach him. There had been times, moments of clarity in the past, snippets here and there. But it was always blurry. Fuzzy, like a comm with poor reception. And every time she thought she had reached him, the connection would snap, like a trap door being jerked shut. There were echoes sometimes. Like shimmering mirages in the desert. But they were disorienting, and unclear, vanishing from sight as soon as she tried to focus on them. Now there was nothing at all. It was entirely silent. Almost as if he was… But Leia was certain she would know if her own flesh and blood had died. Wouldn’t she? She would sense it, would she not? In truth she did not know. There were too many factors at work. Too many things distracting her, weighing her mind down. Disturbing her sleep. Slowly, her eyes adjusted to the darkness as her heart stopped racing. Consciously, Leia focused on her own breathing. Deep breath in. Let it out slowly. Breathe. In. One, two, three, four. Hold. Two, three, four. Exhale. One, two, three, four. It was then, as her own breathing slowed, that she heard the strained breathing of another being. It dawned on her that she was not alone in her own room and her pulse jumped. She was careful not to react outwardly. Instead, she listened. Pant. Sharp inhale. Pant. Pant. Sharp inhale. It was harsh and loud. Close by. Leia knew she’d locked her door, only a few people had the override codes to it for emergencies. And they would have woken her. Which could only mean one thing: an assassin. But a poor one at that. A seasoned assassin wouldn’t be… Slowly she reached out with the Force. Afraid . Carefully, she reached for the blaster tucked into the side of the bed away from the door. Assassins knew the control their breathing, this was some mercenary, some bounty hunter, probably hired by the First Order, to do away with her. They had skill, she had to give them that, they had snuck all the way into the Resistance base without sounding the alarm. All the way to her bedside even. That was no small feat. Leia reached out again with the Force. The presence of her assassin felt heavy. Oppressive. Like an overly large spider resting on her face. A great weight on her chest. Cold, like Hoth in a snowstorm. Slowly she turned her head to gaze at her would be killer. As she moved she heard her assassin take a step back, gasping softly. Realizing they’d been discovered, no doubt. But oddly enough they don’t flee. It is in the dim light then that Leia Organa raises her eyes to meet the pale and scarred face of Kylo Ren. Now it is her turn to tense. To gasp. Even in the darkness of the room, she can see that the wound on his face is horrific. It goes clear across the right side from brow to neck. Briefly she wonders if the wound had blinded him in that eye, but it is too dark to take in the minute details. The scar adds to his inhuman appearance as he stands, imposingly tall, height he got from his father’s side that he had never seemed to grow into or be fully comfortable with. In this moment he reminds her more of a ghoul than a human being, his hair hangs in a matted mess around his face and he is hunched over, as if he is carrying a great burden. One hand, she sees is pressed against his side, that was right, Rey had mentioned something about Chewie landing a shot on the Knight after Han had fallen from the bridge. The bowcaster killed most things in a single shot, that her would be assassin was even standing right now was remarkable. It raised questions in Leia’s mind, the things any mother would think when confronted with the thought of her child being hurt. Was he still wounded? Had there not been any bacta? Why send him to kill her if he was still hurt? Unless, of course, that was the point. Some sort of Dark Side rite. Leia studies him intently, her eyes narrowing slightly in the darkness. His clothing, layers of black robes, for black is good at hiding blood from wounds, are ragged and she catches the faint smell of smoke and sweat, both from exertion and fear, that leaks off his being. In his hand he holds what could only be his lightsaber. How close had he been to activating it and running her through in her sleep? She stares him down as her fingers closed around the grip of her blaster. He seems to shrink before her. Wide eyed, terrified even. Afraid. Had that been him? The disturbance that had awakened her, had that been him? Had he been trying to warn her? Or was that just wishful thinking? The man who stood before her now, was it Kylo Ren or Ben Solo? Her son or the monster? His breathing becomes more labored. A fast pant now, as he stares at her. Neither of them daring to move. She feels his fear creep higher and higher the longer their stalemate draws out. Can sense his exhaustion , an odd sensation to get from someone who is supposed to be powered by hatred and darkness. It throws Leia off for a moment and she tilts her head as she stares at him. He retreats another step. His motions are jerky, like a poorly controlled droid or someone who is inebriated. Lips part as he breathes harshly through his mouth, brow furrowing as he blinks rapidly. It is almost as if he is having trouble focusing, as if his mind is not fully in the present. His eyes dart about, and she can sense it: he’s fighting with himself. Some great internal conflict. Leia watches it play out just below the surface. It threatens to overwhelm him, to burst forth from him. He’s barely contained. A single push could send him in one direction or the other. Leia decides to risk it. She lets go of her blaster and straightens, offering her hand out to the terrifying man before her. The man caught in a maelstrom of fear and despair. It radiates off him. He is… desperate. This intrigues her as she reaches out to him. “Ben?” --- He stared at her. Even now she was beautiful. Even though she’d aged since he last saw her, her hair had greyed and there were wrinkles on her skin, he couldn’t help but look at her her through childlike eyes. She would always be that mother-goddess in his mind. Even as the enemy, even as the woman who abandoned him, who had sent him off to his uncle and never came back for him. She was still his mother. The woman whose love and approval he’d wanted more than anything in the galaxy. He’d watched her for too long. He’d let his sentiment, his emotions get the better of him. He’d hesitated. The moment to strike had been lost and now she was awake. Her eyes were fixed on him and Kylo Ren found himself unable to move. It was as if he was rooted to the spot, his chest tightened and suddenly he couldn’t breathe. His throat closed up as she reached out to him. As she spoke his name. The second it leaves her lips a jolt of pain runs through him. Searing through his chest as if he’s been impaled, it’s all he can do to not double over and scream in agony. She is reaching out, touch him with that agonizingly blinding Light. Hurting him. His limbs began to tremble uncontrollably as he struggles to keep himself together. The patched together lightsaber falls from his hand and clatters loudly in the quiet room. And then Kylo Ren flees. He doesn’t need the Force to tell him that his target is already on a comm and raising the alarm, it goes without saying. Leia Organa is a woman of action. She would have shot him if he had been anyone else. It was familiarity that had saved it. And by the Force he wished it hadn’t. Overhead the alarm blares, if it were any louder Kylo is certain his ears would bleed. He has only seconds before the base comes to life. Before they find him. Before he fails again. He was supposed to have grown stronger when he killed his father. He was supposed to have thrown off the shackles of the Light. Freed himself from the pain . The awful feeling of being rent in two. But it hadn’t happened. His master had been displeased when Kylo had last knelt before him. Barely a few days after Starkiller’s destruction. ’You will go. You will destroy Organa and with her the hope of the Resistance. With this blow you will finally leave the Light behind. You will know the true power of the Dark Side, and this pain you feel, this terrible burden you have endured my apprentice, it will come to pass and be lifted from your shoulders.’ That was what Snoke had said. That was what he had promised! And in the decisive moment, Kylo Ren had fallen prey to weakness. To sentiment. He had failed. Again. A tiny voice, like that of a child, had screamed out inside him, had begged him, not to slay his mother. Perhaps it had been a phantom, a puer archetype of himself from decades ago? When he’d been a starry eyed child and filled with foolish ideals like hope . When he’d dreamed of becoming a Jedi. Before he’d realized just how much pain the Galaxy held. What having a connection to the Force truly meant. He’d frozen in the moment. Afraid. What if striking her down made no difference? What if it only made the pain worse, just as slaying his father had? Kylo did not think he could handle that. It would surely kill him or drive him mad. It was that moment of hesitation that had given way to the child within himself. The child that remembered Leia Organa, not as a General or political activist, but as a woman with long flowing hair who sang to him and carried him to bed when he fell asleep. Someone whose smile made everything all better, and chased away all the monsters. She had not been able to make the pain stop however. No one had been able to, not Leia, not Han, not his uncle. It didn’t matter how many people he killed or what he did, the pain, the agony, persisted. It felt as if plasma had poured directly into his veins, burning him from the inside out. There were days when he could not move, the pain was so bad. When breathing itself was a struggle. Days when his vision would go white and he would collapse in spasms. Nights when he would thrash and scream, claw at his skin and bite at his hands until they bleed in an effort to find some sort of relief. Something, anything to make the feeling of being burned alive stop. It was the Dark Side that had offered relief. Snoke had shown him that. Had given him a balm for his agonies. It was like dropping lava into a cool, deep lake. But it was only temporary and eventually, time and time again, he would have to dive deeper into the Dark Side to find relief. The deeper he went down into the waters of the lake the darker and colder the lake grew. But it was never enough, just when he’d think he’d finally managed to extinguish the flames, that the pain would finally, truly ceased, the water would grow hotter again. Forcing him to flee deeper. Darker. Colder. When he had been a child, he never would have guessed that his connection to the Light Side of the Force would have caused him so much torment. He hated it. He envied his uncle who could dip into that scalding plasma without ill effect. No matter how much he had tried, the Light had always, always burned . As he ran down the halls of the Resistance base the malaise grew worse. The alarms and bright flashing lights compounded it. His vision blurred and he staggered. There were voices, people shouting, droids beeping. He shoved through the soldiers that were spilling out of their quarters, stumbling passed them. He had to get out! Damn his mother for having her quarters in the heart of the base! Damn himself for being too weak to do the one thing that might have freed him! Damn his hesitation and damn his fear! Fear was supposed to make him stronger! And yet, it had made him hesitate! His fear of the pain continuing after he had struck her down. The misery that would eat away at his heart if he committed the act, even if he found relief. It had been nearly unbearable when he’d murdered his father, what would happen if he killed his mother too? He needed to gather himself. But where could he go? He needed to meditate, to dive down into the deepest depths of the Dark Side and find his strength. Needed to channel fear into hateful rage. Fear, anger and hatred. The trinity of the Dark Side. He needed to commune with the darkness. To strengthen himself against the poison of the Light. To soothe the fire before it consumed him. Yet he was stranded here, deposited and left to his mission. There was no ship to get him off world. No backup, no support. This was his task to do and his alone. His success or his failure was his alone. Snoke had no use for a half crippled Knight. For a mere echo of a Sith. Snoke needed him fully functioning. Needed him to lead the Knights. Failure here meant death. Either by Snoke’s hand or from the Resistance, it didn’t matter. He would succeed or die. And if he returned to his master as a failure... The Knight shuddered at the idea. What Snoke would do to him would be worse than death. Kylo drew the Force around him and then flung it outwards, sending the people in front of him flying forward and out of his way. He just counted his luck that the scavenger girl wasn’t here. She had left some time ago to find Luke Skywalker, Ren knew that he could not face her, not as he was. Not this weak. Her connection to the Force, although hazy at first, had rushed forward like a flash flood. Brilliant, blinding light, stronger than anything he had ever witnessed. It had scorched him, burned his mind and send sparks of white phosphorous into the darkness. It had taken him days to recover, from the mental damage her attacks had done. A burning, tearing sensation raced up his side and he pressed his hand against it. His physical wounds ached, slowed his motions. Made him weaker. His master would not tolerate weakness. Had punished him for it, time and time again. ’Pathetic.’ ’Weak.’ ’This is the legacy of Darth Vader? Disgusting. A blaster fired at him, forcing Kylo to duck. He darted to the left and down a corridor. He was certain his heart was going to explode in his chest as he ran. Sweat poured down his body. His legs were trembling, shaking and threatening to give way as he burst out of the underground base and into the cool night air of D’Qar. Kylo sucked in a deep breath of the air as he raced out of the base. The base was the only speck of civilization on this forested planet. Overhead the stars shone brightly, but they were drowned out by the floodlights that snapped on, illuminating the tarmac. Kylo threw his arms up to guard his eyes against the light, taking a reflexive step back. But there was no time to pause. Humans, aliens and droids alike were scrambling about, they had identified him now. Figured out who the intruder was and were in pursuit. He could feel their fear and hatred in equal measures as they came after him. Another blaster shot whizzed past his head and it was then that Kylo realized he’d stopped running, paralyzed between the overwhelming sensations of light and sound. They stacked onto and compounded the burning agony that was crawling through his muscles and nerves. It was too much! A vaguely familiar voice shouts behind him: “There he is!” “Blasters to stun! Take him alive! General’s orders!” Fear spurs him into motion again. Kylo doesn’t look back, doesn’t pause to confirm his fear of just who is behind him. He just runs , because if he looks back he will crumple. His will to fight will leave him. There is one person in the entire Resistance who holds more power over him than his mother. One person who makes him weaker, makes his heart race. Kylo sprints through the X-Wings, ducking and weaving as they pursue him. He has to escape! He has to! Has to put distance between himself and this very dangerous surge of emotion that is welling up in his heart. The woods! Yes, those would provide cover! Provide a hiding place! Kylo knows that he can last there for days if he has to, he just needs to get away! Get away from the noise, from the burning light, from a life he’d left behind and abandoned hope of belonging to years ago. A bolt catches him squarely in the back and Kylo grunts in pain. He pulls the Force around him and flings it outwards again, repelling those soldiers who are within range of him. He doesn’t look back, he keeps running. Draws strength from the Force, from that tiny trickle of cool water that is the Dark Side. He clings to it, desperate for relief, for solace. Kylo pushes through the pain, the agony that threatens to rip him apart, and he runs. Because that’s all he can do at this point: keep running. Run from his failure as a Knight, run from his failure as a Jedi. Run from the pain that is making his muscles seize up. The hot plasma ripping through his nerves that will send him into screaming fits. This is going to be a bad one, he knows it. This is going to be one that leaves him thrashing and spasming for hours. One that will make him tear himself open in an effort to find relief. Another bolt hits his shoulder, the one wounded by the scavenger girl. He clutches at it, making a strangled noise. His vision starts to blur. No, not here! Not now! His world turns from gray to green and he knows he’s made it off of the tarmac, out of the sea of X-Wings and into the forest. Kylo flings the Force out before him once more, using it as his eyes. He’s all but blinded by the pain that feels like a lightning bolt has struck his head, it makes his vision spotty now. People are still shouting behind him, still firing. Ren knows his pace is slowing, his body is struggling to respond to the commands his pain dazed brain is sending him. There is no chance for rest, he has to keep moving! Roots entangle his legs and Kylo stumbles. But he doesn’t collapse. His breathing is labored, his lungs won’t take in air anymore. His limbs start to feel like they’re not really attached to his body. As if they’re not his anymore. It’s going to get bad soon. He’s been poisoned by the touch of the Light from his mother. The plasma starts to burn within him, roasting him, devouring him from the inside out as it races down his nerves and through his body. Bolts strike the tree next to him and Kylo forces his legs to keep moving. His motions becoming more and more uncoordinated. He can’t get enough air! He can’t see! Then the soldiers are upon him. Two more bolts hit him in the back and finally, Ren collapses to his knees. His gloved fingers digging into the cool dark earth beneath him. Frantically he tries to call upon the Force, to shove his attackers back. To do something, anything! But the blazing white pain is at the forefront of his mind, it overpowers everything and he finds himself isolated from the Force. The cool waters of the Dark Side just out of his reach and no matter how he strains, Kylo cannot reach them. Someone strikes him and he cries out, the sound force from his lips, ripped out of him. His body sags under the blows as they repeat incessantly. Even though it will do him little good, he looks up, it’s a reflex, he won’t actually be able to see anything, not with the pain blinding him. But he looks up, tries to summon some small bit strength. To fight back! The face of the traitor swims into view suddenly and the blows cease. There is something different about the other man, Kylo senses it now. The traitor is surrounded by a power Kylo has always seen others possess but never been able to touch himself. He can barely believe it, it’s almost impossible to process it. Then again, it’s the only thing that makes sense. “Y-you’re Force Sensitive!” he grits out before the butt of a blaster slams into the back of his skull and Kylo Ren collapses, unconscious. Chapter 2 Notes: "Even though I feel this anxiety, I deeply and completely accept myself.” Please note the following: The tapping technique that Poe employs in this chapter is based off EFT aka "tapping" , an alternative medicine that is meant to manage emotions in a positive way by coupling physical contact and positive affirmation. While I base some of what Poe does on this technique, what is depicted in this fic is NOT the end all be all to this therapy. Later there will be mentions of a certain tea that is used, again, while I base these on real therapies it is important to remember that I have manipulated them to fit the needs of the story. As always, research and speak to a therapist/doctor before starting any regimen. Consciousness came back to him in fleeting bursts. Kylo Ren was dimly aware that at some point, someone, or several someones, had been touching him. His body being moved about, positioned. Every so often a sharp jolt of pain, different from the Light poisoning that ate away at his nerves and muscles, would shove him into alertness. Briefly, things would be clearer and his eyes would half open as he made a weak groaning noise, baring his teeth in an effort to ward off his tormentors. Then darkness would fall again. The blackness didn’t mean an absence of pain however. No Ren wasn’t that lucky. The aches and burning leaked into his mind, even as his brain frantically tried to distance and detach itself from the flashing, agonizing signals that his body was determined to feed it. His body would arch up off the bed as his back curved in an unnatural way and his fingers clawed at the mattress he’d been laid upon. His legs and arms jerked as his body spasmed, only to be restrained. But he only screamed once. Kylo was proud of that. That, even as his pain drunk brain was flooded with wasted adrenaline and endorphines that pushed him into a fight-or-flight response that was as reflexive as breathing, he had only cried out once. Really cried out, not the half-conscious snarls and groans as they manhandled him. But a scream, a wail of pure suffering as he thrashed and jerked. The last thing he was able to properly remember was someone, a voice he swore he knew but couldn’t place. Couldn’t find the memory of the face associated with it. His brain was too hazy and dazed by the pain overriding everything. “Why is he not sedated?” “He’d been knocked out earlier by a blow to the head. We didn’t think that-” “ Exactly ! You didn’t think! Now sedate him properly before he snaps his neck!” “But-” “I swear I will call the General herself if you do not! Are we no better than the First Order?” “But sir-” “Sedate him, now!” Then, Kylo Ren knew no more. --- Poe sat across from Leia Organa in her office, Finn sat next to him. All three of them were frowning. “So we captured him, now what do we do?” Finn asked, looking between the two of them, not sure why they’d wanted him here. He’d told them all he knew about Ren already from his time as a Stormtrooper. “And are you sure it’s a good idea to just leave him in that room? A locked door and cuffs aren’t going to stop him when he wakes up and comes after you again.” “He won’t come after me again,” Leia said, a certainty in her voice that made Finn’s frown deepen. “How can you be so sure? He’s a dangerous murderer! He is, literally, the worst person in the Galaxy!” Leia and Poe shared a long look before the General sighed. She clasped her hands together in front of her, resting them on her desk and closed her eyes. “What I’m about to tell you does not leave this room, do you understand Finn?” The former Stormtrooper’s brow wrinkles. “Okay?” It’s an uncertain confirmation, but a confirmation nonetheless, and if this is going to work at all, then they need Finn’s help. Kylo Ren had not killed her, he could have easily, several times over. But he had not, and when confronted, he had fled. That series of actions gave her hope. Hope that her son could still be reached, there was still some part of him that was good, despite all that he had done. There was no denying the crimes that Kylo Ren had committed, against her personally, against the Republic and its citizens. He had committed great evils, conspired to overthrow the Republic, killed innocent people in cold blood, committed patricide. And yet, despite it all, she felt that if Luke had been able to find Anakin Skywalker buried beneath the horrible Sith that had been Darth Vader, perhaps she could find her son beneath the layers of atrocities the monster had cloaked himself in. But it would take time for her to be able to actually speak to him. To face the man, the murdering monster who had once been a boy with wide eyes, too-large ears and easy smiles. Her boy. Leia was old enough, had been through enough to know that, despite how badly she wanted her son back, if she faced him right now, before she came to terms with things within her own self, it would end badly. Things would not be made better with a simple hug and apology, no matter how much she wished they could be. To think that they might be, was a recipe for disaster. No amount of apologies would bring Han back, or everyone else who had died. Even Poe, who Ben had grown up with, who had been her son’s first shy kiss when he was nine, was having trouble. Kylo had tortured him after all. Nearly killed him. No amount of apologies would make that pain go away, would undo the damage done. But still, they had to try. That was why they needed Finn. Although he had just as hurt by Kylo Ren as they had been, Finn lacked the emotional attachment that Leia and Poe had to Ben Solo. In that way it was easier. However, he deserved to know. “I had a son once,” she began to explain. “He was Force-Sensitive, just like Luke is, just like I am, and just like you. But…” she tried to think of how to explain it. A difficult task, considering that she didn’t really understand what had happened herself. “But something… went wrong. And,” she sighed. “He fell away from the teachings of the Jedi to the Dark Side.” Finn stared at her, expression grim. “What was his name?” Of all the questions, Leia hadn’t been expecting that one. Then again, a name would be important to Finn, who had only ever had a number until he rescued Poe on that fateful day. She smiled kindly at him and then reached into a drawer on her desk and pulled out a small holo projector. Pressing the button it brought up a small image of three people. It was Leia, much younger, a smile on her face, glowing with happiness and at her side was Han Solo, a crooked smile on his face, but his expression was undeniably proud. Between them was a small boy who was laughing, expression one of delight. A boy with a large nose that he clearly got from his father, dark hair and eyes. His small face was framed by ears that he would never seem to grow into. “His name was Ben,” Leia tells him, watching as it clicks in the other man’s mind. Finn’s eyes widen and he looks from the holo between Leia and Poe. “Wait. You mean to tell me that, this kid,” he pointed at the holo. “Turned into Kylo Ren?” He looked at Poe then. “Did you know? When the First Order captured you?” “I did,” Poe said with a sigh, his expression shifting, as if recalling a very fond, but very sad memory. “We grew up together. I...” he shifted slightly, looking uncertain for the first time since Finn had known him. They were headed for dangerous territory. Finn gave Poe a baffled look, clearly having a hard time conceptualizing the idea of Kylo Ren being young and anything other than completely terrifying. “What like a boy-next-door sort of deal?” Finn asked. He’d seen a few romance holos, read a few too, the First Order did allow for some indulgences for their soldiers. “Something like that, yeah,” Poe cleared his throat, clearly not keen elaborating further. “What in the hell happened to him?” Finn glanced at Leia. How could a kid who had Leia Organa and Han Solo for parents fall to the Dark Side and join up with the First Order? Again Leia and Poe exchanged glances. “His Force sensitivity started to manifest, but… something was wrong. We never understood what, so his father and I sent him to live with Luke. We had hoped that something would change, that he would improve under Luke’s guidances, but he only got worse. And then one day he was just… gone.” Finn stared at Leia, shaking his head. “And you never looked for him?” Things didn’t add up, there were holes that didn’t make sense. How deep had Poe’s relationship with the fallen Jedi gone? Why had no one looked for him, staged an intervention, when trouble had first started? Even Phasma had sense enough to do that, strict as the Stormtrooper Captain had been, she had looked out for her soldiers. This level of negligence was surprising coming from the mother of the Resistance. Poe spared Leia of having to actually answer the question. “We need your help right now Finn. You knew him while you served the First Order and Leia and I, well our judgement, quite frankly, is impaired.” “He tortured you Poe,” Finn said flatly, putting his suspicions aside as the crux of the issue came into focus. The real reason they had him here was because they wanted to drag Kylo Ren back to the Light. Something Finn was quite would ended up with them all dead. Or at least grievously injured. “He killed Han! How you have any impairment left is beyond me. What do you expect me to do, cozy up to the man who almost killed me and Rey? That’s insanity! It’s madness!” He looked back at Leia. “If you honestly think that Kylo Ren is anything other than a sadistic lunatic, you’re both out of your minds!” “Finn-” Poe began as the former ‘trooper whirled back at him. “You’ve got to be kidding me,” Finn whispered, utterly baffled. Did Poe have some sort of bizarre Stockholm Syndrome? “I don’t believe it, you actually think that we can somehow magically save him. I’ve got news for you Poe, the rest of the Republic is not going to be as forgiving!” Finn shook his head. Was he seriously the only sane one here? “I want no part in this! I refuse to try and gentle the monster that nearly killed all of us!” Leia closes her eyes, a pained look crossing her face. “We wouldn’t make you do anything you don’t want to. I understand. This discussion does not leave this room.” “Oh don’t worry, it won’t,” Finn said, shaking his head as he stood and left. Poe looked back at Leia as the door slide shut again. “So much for that idea. What do we do now?” --- Warmth. He was warm. And the pain… it was… quiet. As if someone had dampened it. Slowly Kylo’s eyes cracked open and he stared up at the pasty, khaki color of a ceiling and the too bright light that was illuminating the room. He tried to move his hand to rub at his face and found it restrained. “No,” he whispered, trying to move the other and found that one too, was shackled to the railing on either side of the mattress he lay on. “No, no, no, no,” he moaned, pulling and tugging frantically at the cuffs that kept him restrained. Panic flooded him as he struggled to free himself. They had captured him. Oh Force they would execute him! Or at least they would after they tortured him for information. To simply kill him would be too merciful. That was why he wasn’t dead yet, that was probably the only thing keeping him alive now: the off chance that he had information. But there was no way they would let him live. Not after what he’d done. Not after trying to kill the General. But would that not be a strange sort of blessing? Death would mean a reprieve from his own agonized existence, would it not? Kylo doesn’t know. He doesn’t know anything any more, other than that he must get out. He is seized by instinctual self-preservation: he must escape! His wrists are becoming bloody from his efforts to free himself by brute force, so instead he turns to a different tactic. Reaching out, he discovers the blessedly cool stream that is the Dark Side. A small moan leaves him as he submerges himself in it. He senses the Resistance base buzzing around him. He is in lockdown on the medical ward, in a small room with two guards at his door. If the guards were to keep the base safe or him safe, Kylo couldn’t tell, but they didn’t matter. They would be easily distracted. He senses his mother, she is in her office, some ways away. Kylo stretches his scanning a bit further and senses the traitor. He is angry, upset, but the knight can’t discern about what. A minor detail, it doesn’t matter. Now Ren focuses. He pulls the Force around him and after a moment of concentration, there is a small series of clicks and the shackles around his bloody wrists give way. Kylo lets out a shaky breath of relief and sits up. Too quickly. His head spins and he slumps back on the mattress with a groan. It is then that he realizes that he’s naked. Stripped of his clothes and left in his underwear and a flimsy paper gown, bacta patches all over his skin. The white patches are covering the neglected lightsaber wound on his right shoulder and neck and the bowcaster bolt shot on his left side. His fingers move over his face. Even there, a few smaller ones, covering the worst of the lightsaber slash. A few litter his legs as well. He sits up again, slower this time. Pain flashes through his body, it is strangely dulled though and Kylo notices his movements are uncoordinated, his brain itself feels almost drunk. As if things are moving in slow motion. Had… had they drugged him? He presses a hand to his head, scrubbing at his eyes, trying to get his wits to sharpen. Get clothes. Then get out. Just two things. Two simple things. That’s all he needs to do. Surely he can manage that. One foot in front of the other. He needs to move while he’s still slightly numb. There is the risk he’ll overexert himself, damage himself further, but that is a risk he needs to take. He doesn’t want to be poisoned by the Light again. Slowly Kylo Ren stands up from the bed. His legs feel like they’re made of water and his head swims. He has to brace himself against the edge of the bed because he’s certain the world will be pulled out from under his feet if he doesn’t. It is hard for him to focus on any one thing. Even the simple task of trying to find clothing seems nearly insurmountable. Hell, breathing feels like it is taking a conscious effort. Kylo licks his lips, Force he’s thirsty. Hungry too. He doesn’t remember when he last ate or drank. Breathe. Don’t forget to breathe. He sucks air into his lungs with a raspy gasp. Breathing too deeply still hurts, but that doesn’t matter. He just needs to move . --- “Finn!” The former ‘trooper looked up at the sound of his name. “If you’re here to try to talk me into this asinine plan of yours then you can turn right back around and leave,” Finn turned his attention back to the swinging punching bag in front of him. The Resistance base had a small gym area adjacent to the shooting range and Finn had been making use of both since he’d awoken a week ago from his coma and General Organa herself had been at his bedside with Poe inquiring about his newly awakened Force-Sensitivity. Leia was Force-Sensitive herself, but had no formal training. So until Rey came back, hopefully with the fabled Luke Skywalker, Finn would have to content himself with trying to meditate and keeping at least his body in prime condition. He was a soldier after all, and just because he wasn’t in the First Order anymore didn’t mean he was going to let himself get soft. Especially if he wanted to continue helping the Resistance. And it helped that sometimes Poe came to work out with him. Every so often they’d have a friendly grappling match that had twice ended in them kissing, much to Finn’s surprised. Finn wasn’t complaining though. He liked Poe. The pilot was charming, had an easy smile, a great sense of humor and tousled curly hair that Finn loved to run his fingers through. Okay so he really liked Poe. Perhaps that was what made all of this so frustrating in the first place. Finn gave the punching bag in front of him a particularly vicious right hook, followed through with a few straight jabs and then an uppercut. “I’m not here to convince you of anything.” “Uh huh,” Finn didn’t believe the pilot for a second. “You just neglected to tell me that your boyhood crush grew up to be Kylo Ren.” He brought his knee up and slammed it into the back before returning to punching at it. “And that you’d go running right back to him the second he showed up, terrible deeds be damned.” “Finn, just listen-” “Listen?” Finn, turned away from the bag to point a damning finger at Poe. “ Listen? No, you listen Poe. That-that monster is dangerous! There is no saving someone like him! There’s nothing left to save!” “Finn-” “What about me Poe?” Finn gestures at himself with his hands. “What about what we had going on?” he gestured between the both of them now, expression angry. “Or was I just a spare? Just a rebound because you didn’t think you’d see your Jedi Killer boyfriend again?” his chest is heaving with emotion and he feels his face burning. He’s hurt. Upset by all of this. “It… It wasn’t like that, ever!” Poe’s brow knits and he looks crestfallen. “Finn I do care about you!” Finn scoffs at Poe. “Sure, brought together by stress events of war and shared tragedies. Share a common goal, common enemies and in the heat of the moment, yeah I know how it works. I know that relationships like this don’t, I was just too stupid to accept that I wasn’t the exception.” He’d seen it happen among other Stormtroopers. Seen those who bonded over battles fall in “love”. It almost always ended badly. Usually with reconditioning. Finn had thought that what had been happening with Poe was different. Then Kylo Ren had come stumbling onto the base and ruin everything, just like he had the consoles on the Finalizer . “Of course you’d lose interest,” Finn muttered angrily. “How could you possibly want someone like me when you have tall, dark and murderous available?” Poe says nothing, he simply looks away. But he doesn’t leave. “You know,” Finn sniffs. Damn it, he’s not going to cry! He will not be the one who cries like in those romance holos. “You know Poe I really liked you. I thought we had something special. I thought … hell you gave me my name . You were there when I woke back up, so I thought… “ He can’t bring himself to finish the sentence. It sounds stupid anyway. Destiny or Fate bringing two lovers together. It was romance holo trash. Finn sniffed again, blinking back the tears that were threatening to fall. “Look I can’t change how I feel about you. And if-” he sighed heavily. “I just don’t want to see you hurt again Poe. I care about you, hell I might even love you, and your lack of self-preservation is pissing me off more than anything right now. More than my hurt feelings about being second to a psychopath. I don’t want to see you die for someone who hasn’t existed for years!” He falls silent then and Poe glances at him, the normally confident man looks heartbroken, utterly crushed. Part of Finn feels glad, justified even. But that doesn’t make the nagging feeling of guilt go away. “You’re… you’re not wrong,” Poe finally says. His voice is soft as he speaks. He bites his lip then, considering his next actions, his next words carefully. “Come, let’s talk somewhere else?” Finn nods and falls into step beside Poe as the pilot led them out of the gym and up onto the top of one of the rolling hills that the base was tucked into. Poe flopped down on the grass and gazed up at the sky. It was early morning, the sun had been up for an hour or but no one had slept since the alarm had been sounded. Finn sat down next to him, knees tucked up loosely against his chest. He waits in silence for Poe to say something. But Poe who is normally so sure of his words and is always able to bring humor to the situation, remains silent. “It’s hard to know where to start,” Poe finally says, as if sensing Finn’s waning patience with the whole debacle. “Well typically the beginning is a solid bet,” Finn points out and Poe smiles faintly before sitting up. “But there wasn’t ever really a beginning, that’s the trouble with it all,” he laughed softly. “Ben was… different than the others. He just materialized one day, like some sort of supernatural being. I mean the General and Han Solo were there too, but Ben, he was quiet, like a ghost that lingered by their sides. I didn’t even think he spoke for the longest time. He didn’t really get his father’s outgoing personality or his charisma.” “That much is obvious,” Finn scowled. “So are you telling me this is a case of ‘it’s always the quiet ones that are psychos’?” Poe shakes his head. “Not even close. Ben wouldn’t hurt anything, he was shy and a bit clumsy, like a pup before it grows into its paws. He was all dark, sad eyes and ridiculous ears, I will never understand why Leia insisted on making him keep his hair short.” Finn snorted, the description was almost impossible to visualize. Kylo Ren, not only young, but clumsy, shy and with large ears? The former ‘trooper couldn’t get his brain to accept such an image, even though he'd just seen a holo of what had once been the Solo-Organa family. The idea was simply too laughable. He glanced at Poe, who had a sad, but dreamy look on his face. Oh. Poe wasn’t joking. “He always looked a little anxious around other people. I think Leia brought him here because there weren’t that many people at the time, not that many kids either. Even so, he had a hard time. The other people on the base weren’t fond of him, he was a little spooky because he was so quiet. He used to sit in the hangers and watch us work on the ships. It wasn’t like he got underfoot or broke things or caused trouble. People were just… scared of him,” Poe ran a hand through his hair with a sigh. “He figured it out after a while. That people didn’t like him. Didn’t trust him. Even if they didn’t say it aloud. He could tell. He knew. And one morning, the day I started flight lessons, I saw him wander off into these very woods,” Poe gestured at the trees. “He went to the Dark Side that early? What did he do, start sacrificing small animals?” Finn made a face. But Poe shook his head, frowning. “I started to follow him, curiosity and all. But it was like he’d vanished, and then of course I managed to trip right over him,” Poe smiled sadly. “He’d just be sitting there, like some sort of fairy tale prince, surrounded by little woodland animals,” Poe’s expression briefly becomes happier, he’s grinning as he recalls the memory. Finn snorts a bit at the comparison, he can’t for the life of him, imagine Kylo Ren being surrounded by cute woodland critters. “It’s true! He always seemed to get along better with animals than people!” Poe insists. “It was the third time I tripped over him that he actually spoke. He scolded me for making too much noise, for disturbing everything. And of course, me being the all knowing thirteen year old that I was, asked what he was going to do about it,” the pilot closes his eyes at the memory, a happy expression on his face. “What did he do?” Finn asked, not sure where this story is going. “He kissed me,” Poe grinned, his face lighting up like the sun itself. It had been awkward and sloppy, they had only been nine and thirteen after all. But in that moment, the shy boy with overly large ears had stolen Poe Dameron’s heart. “And then promptly ran away,” Poe laughed softly. Finn snorted. Kylo Ren, kissing and running? The boy Poe described was nothing like Kylo Ren. “Then the next day I saw him in the hanger again. He watched me for a long time while I helped the mechanics work on the X-Wings. Then, when we broke for lunch he approached me, and offered me a jogan fruit. After that… we were inseparable,” Poe looked at Finn with a sad smile. “He was different back then. He was quiet, kind. He was a good person Finn. He wasn’t some sort of ghoul, he just needed someone to reach out to him. He was alone, and he had to deal with the weight of his family’s reputation. I remember him telling me one night, we sat in this very spot gazing up at the stars, that he wanted to help people, to be a Jedi like his uncle, to protect people. This… Kylo Ren… ” Poe shook his head. “It isn’t him . I know there’s still good in him. I… Everyone else gave up on him, years ago. Even Leia did, and I can’t. I won’t !” Finn feels a bitter sadness welling up in him. “You really loved him. You still do, didn’t you?” Finn asked quietly. Poe nodded, staring off into the woods. As if that ghost of the boy he’d loved would come wandering back out. “So… where does that leave us?” It wasn’t fair! It just wasn’t! Worse, this was insanity! To chase after a phantom of the past would get Poe killed! And it left Finn as the odd man out, even after everything and that hurt . “I wish I knew,” Poe’s words are hardly heard over the wind that gusts through the forest and base. For the first time since Finn has known him, Poe looks unsure of himself. “I wish I had the answers.” Silence falls between them again. Finn discovers that he’s not filled with rage anymore, but a quiet sadness. He wonders, what sort of heartbreak Poe had gone through when Ben had become Ren? What must have been going through Poe’s head when Kylo had ripped his mind open to find the location of the droid on Jakku? Finn can’t help the bitterness that rises up in him. How can Poe possibly believe there is good in someone like Ren? Childhood memories don’t stand up well as a testament of character after the sort of things Ren has done. It is all fine and good to treasure those memories, but people change, sometimes for the worst. But how ? Why? How does a quiet boy like the one Poe described turn into a monster like Kylo Ren? That was the question no one had been able to or willing to answer. Perhaps if he understood the how and why it would make this more palatable. “Poe,” Finn reached out, resting a hand on his shoulder and Poe looked back at him. His curiosity was getting the better of him. There were too many gaps still, not that Finn didn’t believe Leia, after all it was a very personal subject for her, she was bound to leave out details. “What the hell happened that turned him into Kylo Ren?” Poe opens his mouth to answer when his comm crackles. “Poe!” It is Leia’s voice on the other end. “I’m here, Leia,” he replies back to her. “What’s wrong?” “He’s gone !” --- The dirt is strangely warm beneath his feet. Slightly damp as it makes its way between his toes as he turns slightly, tilting his head and listening. The forest is quiet. Peaceful. Daylight filters through the treetops and makes the air almost sparkle with light and life. Kylo presses a hand against his side. The wound is aggravated again, bleeding again. He’s fairly certain that one of his lower most ribs is broken too, snapped off and floating about amongst his organs. If it punctures anything then he certainly will die. Somehow the thought is comforting. At least he won’t die at the hands of the Resistance. He won’t die being tortured by them for information. And he won’t die at his Master’s hands either. There will be no hours of agonizing Force powered punishment. No. He’ll just quietly fade out of existence. He’ll find some log to crawl into. Spend his last few hours alive writhing in quiet agony. The log will be his coffin. Then he will be free of this pain. His body aches. When he’d stolen a set of clothes and stripped out of the paper gown, he’d seen that he was covered in bruises. There had been no time for self-pity. He’d managed to slip away, undetected, his connection to the Force stronger now that pain was not overwhelming him to the point of blindness. By the time they realize he’s gone, hopefully he’ll have put a fair bit of distance between himself and the base. Hopefully he’ll just die. Alone. Unwanted. At least the pain won’t be as bad. He’ll just let himself slowly waste away. Danger! The warning trickles through the Force like a brilliant red thread. Kylo raises his head from where it had dropped, bowed so his chin was almost against his chest as he tried to take in deeper breaths of air. He has to keep moving! With great effort he pushes off from the tree he’d been leaving against for support and starts to move. The Force paints a picture in his mind, he sees just who is pursuing him. Two. Only two. How strange. Why wasn’t the whole base wasn’t on alert again? Why weren’t they all hunting him down? The image becomes clearer. Poe. Kylo feels his heart skip a beat. His throat close up as a lump of emotion wells up within it. Anyone put Poe! He cannot face the pilot again. Not after what happened on the Finalizer . Digging through the pilot’s mind had been agony. Because before he had found out what Poe Dameron had done with the droid, Kylo Ren had been forced to wade through every single memory of them growing up together. Every whispered word. Every gentle kiss. He had endured Poe’s anguished screams as he tore through the memories as quickly as he could. Because the faster he went the sooner it would be over. The sooner he could stop being reminded of the past he had left behind. The sooner he could go back to pretending not to know the man who writhed in pain and tears leaked from his eyes while he was strapped into that torture chair. The sooner it was over the sooner the pain would stop. Because part of him had still been Ben Solo. Part of him wanted Poe to just tell him where the stupid droid was so this could be over. And it was that part of him that tried to be gentle as he did this terrible thing. This part of him that shouldered the worst of the pain as he clawed and ripped his way through the pilot’s memories. He had never wanted to hurt Poe, that was why he had run after all. That was why he ran now. It didn’t matter who else was with the pilot, they were unimportant. It was Poe who made all the difference. Poe who made his heart ache . Who had been the only one who had come after him when he had vanished. Who made the terrible pain of the Light more bearable. Who had always made Ben believe that there was hope . Poe, who in those final moments after his torture, before Ren had gone to report his findings to Hux, had whispered. ‘Don’t do this Ben. Please.’ And then passed out. Leia must have known. Of course his mother would have figured it out. Would have sent Poe to retrieve him. Or kill him. Why would Poe want to spare the life of such a monster? Of someone who had hurt him and his friends. Someone who was a ghoulish and dark creature. Kylo cannot face him again! Cannot put Poe in that terrible danger. He gasps for air, sucking it into aching and burning lungs. His legs cramp as he runs, sticks and stones that litter the forest floor stab at the soles of his feet. His entire body screams in protest as he runs. It hurts. Everything hurts. Blood is leaking down his side and his shoulder, it is warm against his clammy sweaty skin. Please don’t find me. Ren pushes onward. He falls, slipping on the damp leaves and moss as he tries to scramble over a rock. With a grunt he stands, staggering, clinging to tree limbs and roots as he climbs. If he goes higher it will be harder for them to track him. Harder to find him. I wish I could tell you. His fingertips become raw, bloody as he continues to push his way to higher ground, clinging to rocks as his feet fumble about for toe holds. His side aches. His shoulder burns. It feels like the muscles are being torn right out of their insertion points. But still he climbs. Finally he pulls himself over the ledge and lies there on his back sucking in air in frantic pants. Tears well up in his eyes. I ruined everything. If I’d just been normal none of this would have happened! With a whimper he pushes himself to his feet. Kylo doesn’t even know why he’s bothering anymore. Why he’s putting in the effort to run. There’s nothing worth saving here. I just want this pain to end. He pulls himself up onto the next ledge, trembling hands reaching out and grabbing onto the outcropping of rock above him. A grunt of effort leaves him as his bare and bleeding feet feel about for a foothold. Just a little further. A bit higher and he can rest. Putting his weight on the tiny sliver of space that his feet have found, Kylo pauses, arms and legs shaking from exertion as he clings to the rock face. Blood is trickling down his body now, leaving bright red splotches that clearly mark the route he’s taken. He doesn’t look down. Doesn’t look back. Because it doesn’t matter anymore. None of it does. Kylo takes a deep breath and summoning his waning strength, gives a tiny jump to push himself up to the next handhold. His blood soaked fingers close on it and then slip on the layer of sand and dirt that covers the rock. He scrambles, trying to catch himself and he blindly grabs an outcropping of rock. It is a thin sliver of sandstone. One that he’d avoided on his way up because he knew it wouldn’t support his weight. True to his suspicions, it doesn’t and the next thing he knows is that he is falling through the air. Kylo’s world flips and flips until he impacts the ledge below him, rolls off the side of it and falls again. This fall is longer. It feels like it lasts for an eternity. Then his face hits the dirt. The air is forced out of his lungs and a sharp pain shoots through his body. His limbs twitch and spasm, adrenaline flooding him as his body tries to move, to preserve itself. But all he can do is lie there, gasping for breath, whimpering. --- Poe and Finn had walked through the woods in silence. Leia’s instructions had been short and explicit: bring him back alive. No one was to know that he'd escaped custody. So now here they were, knee deep in ferns, making their way through the trees. Kylo couldn't have gotten far, not as wounded as he was. It made Poe worry. What if Finn was right? What if “Ben” was long dead? What if he was chasing a ghost from his past? And what about Finn? Just when Poe had thought he was ready to move on, ready to accept that Ben Solo was never coming back, the Force-user had crossed his path again. It wasn't clean cut or simple. Yes he cared about Finn, but if Ben was still there… “Hey! Come look that this!” Finn called to him and Poe jogged over. They'd been following the uneven trail left by the Knight. Broken branches, footprints in the soft dirt, a splatter of blood here and there. But the sheer rock wall that confronted them now had left them baffled. Poe had gone back to retrace their steps, to make sure they'd not been led on a false path. Ben was clever like that, if he did this want to be found, there was a slim chance they would find him. He stopped next they would know Finn, who was staring up at the cliff wall. “What did you find?” Finn simply points up at the wall. Large splatters of blood are smeared all along the ledges leading up to the apex of the cliff. Poe whistles lowly. “You think he managed to climb that?” “I think he knows he's being hunted,” Finn said with a frown. “I think he wants to get away. He's desperate. He's...” Finn frowned. “What?” Poe asked, reaching out to him. Finn has gone quiet, his eyes widening, holding his breath. “Finn! Finn what is it! Do you sense him?” Slowly the other man nodded, sucking in a slow breath. “He's close by. I can't tell where… “ Finn’s brow knitted. “We should split up, walk along the foot of the cliff here, we'll cover more ground that way. If you find him first, try to talk him down.” “And if you find him first?” Poe raised an eyebrow. “That’s what stun bolts are for,” Finn patted his blaster. “Besides I'm probably the last person he wants to talk to.” “Finn,” Poe put a hand on the former ‘trooper’s shoulder, giving it a squeeze. “Thank you.” “Let’s just get him back in custody, then we'll worry about thanks and figuring all of this out,” Finn said quietly as he leaned close and pressed a kiss to Poe’s cheek before heading off, walking along the base of the cliff in the opposite direction. Poe watched him go, guilt welling up in him. Finn deserved better than this. And it wasn't like Kylo actually wanted his affections. Poe sighed and then turned the other way, following the sharp jutting curve of the cliff wall. As he rounded the edge, he saw the blood first. It was splattered over the cliff edge and wall, it pooled on the ground mixing with the dirt to make a sticky black mud. Then he saw the tracks that moved from the spot that told him their quarry was struggling to move. Grievously injured from the look of it. Poe followed the tracks, climbing over the small, leaf covered hill that followed the natural wall of stone. He crested the hill just in time to see Kylo Ren stagger as he moved down the steep other side of the hill. The Knight tried to catch himself on a tree, on branches but he failed, his legs gave out and he collapsed. Gravity and the incline took care of the rest. “Ben!” Poe cried out, it was a reflex, something instinctual that he couldn’t fight. Ever since that night all those years ago. When they’d both been so much younger and he’d found Ben curled up in a corner of the hanger, crying from a nightmare. A feeling of protectiveness had welled up in Poe’s chest and he had brought Ben a blanket and a mug of tea. Had sat next to him. Talked him down from the terrifying place Ben’s dreams had taken him. That night, Ben had slowly slipped his hand into Poe’s and eventually fallen asleep with his head against Poe’s shoulder. Now, as he looks at the other man crumpled in a heap at the bottom of the hill, Poe feels that same protectiveness. There is more caution now, after the battles they have endured. The pain that has been caused. But in the end, Poe scrambles down after him, sliding on pine needles and fallen leaves until he is kneeling next to the knight. Poe gives the fallen man a quick once over and then turns, placing his thumb and pointer finger at the corners of his mouth and lets out a shrieking whistle, one that Finn will definitely hear. “FINN!” he bellows. There’s no way the knight can walk, not after that fall. “I found him!” “Ben!” he lowers his voice, turning back to the knight, trying not to sound frantic. Trying to keep himself calm, deescalate the situation. The other man flinches away from him, tries to push himself up and off the ground, but his right shoulder won’t support him and he collapses, shaking. Wide, frightened eyes peer up at the pilot through a mess of dirty hair. Poe reaches out and his fingertips graze over Kylo’s shoulder. The knight jerks backwards, so quickly that Poe is surprised he doesn’t give himself whiplash. “Stay away from me!” Kylo grits out, his voice breaking as he struggles up to his knees, his left arm clutching at his wounded shoulder. “Don’t-don’t touch me!” He pushes himself back along the ground, hissing in pain, whimpers escaping him as he staggers and struggles to find his footing again. To put space between himself and Poe. “Ben, it’s okay,” Poe tells him, holding his hands out in front of himself, fingers spread wide and palms facing the ground. As if he could soothe the very air between them. “It’s okay, no one’s going to hurt you.” The knight shakes his head, making a noise that reminds Poe of a wounded animal. A pained snarl, a shake of his head, both his hands going to clutch at it, fingers tugging at his hair in his distress. “Listen to me Ben,” Poe keeps his voice soft, like he’s talking to a spooked nexu. “ Please .” The man before him gives pause, and that’s enough for Poe. “We can help you. Just come back with us. Come back home,” he reaches out, offering one of his hands, palm up to the trembling man. “There’s a place for you. Here. With me. With Leia. You don’t have to do this alone.” Kylo sways slightly where he half stands. For a second Poe thinks he may collapse, but then Kylo’s eyes dart to watch something behind Poe. The rustling of leaves alerts the pilot to Finn’s arrival. The former ‘trooper is panting for breath as he comes to stand next to Poe. “Oh good, you’re not dead,” he says, only half joking as he looks at Kylo. The knight’s eyes are darting between the two of them, uncertain. His hands still clutch at his hair, as he hunches his shoulders, raising his arms as if he meant to ward off an attack. Finn glances at Poe. “So I take it you have a plan?” Poe simply puts a finger to his lips and then takes a small step towards Kylo Ren. The knight retreats a step, ducking his head, growling warningly. “Ben, it doesn’t have to hurt anymore,” he tells the wounded man and Kylo’s head jerks up, eyes staring at the pilot. Poe offered him a small smile. “Let us help you. Let me help you. It’s okay Ben,” he takes another step closer. This time the knight doesn’t retreat. He stares at Poe as if transfixed. Mesmerized. There is no mask to hide behind now and the moment narrows to just him and Poe. The traitor is forgotten as Kylo Ren stares at the hand being offered out to him. The words reach him, as if coming through a thick fog. As if someone has stuff cotton into his ears to muffle the noise. Kylo tilts his head, slowly letting his hands fall to his sides. He blinks, tongue going to lick at his lower lip nervously. “You don’t have to hurt Ben, we can help you. Come with me. Come home ,” Poe’s voice is soft, soothing. It gives him goosebumps. It always had. Made his heart ache. "I… I can never go home,” Kylo closes his eyes and looks away. The pain that makes his body shake and tremble starts to flare back up. He can’t go home. Not after what he’s done. All the people he’s hurt. “Ben, there’s good in you. You are good, Heartkeeper,” Poe is talking again. His voice draws Kylo’s eyes back to him. The knight can’t help himself. He stares at the man who was once his childhood friend, who had become a lover. And now… Kylo stares at him, mouth opening slightly, as if he might protest what he’s being told. He can barely even swallow and his mouth is suddenly dry. Poe used to call him that all the time, it had made Ben Solo blush and his heart race. It had been special. Something just between them. Poe has gotten closer to him, he’s just an arm’s length away now. “Ben, it’s okay. We can get through this. We did it once before. We can do it again,” Poe bites his lip. “Trust me? Please Ben?” The soft words, the promise of all the things he’d thought he’d lost. For so long he’d convinced himself that there was no way he could ever get them back. But now here was Poe Dameron, promising him that there was another way. That there was hope . Hope is dangerous. More so than any spice or drug in the Galaxy. It draws Kylo Ren in with the whisper of intoxicating promises. When they move again, it is Kylo who shifts. He takes the smallest of steps towards Poe, staring at him as if awestruck. He cradles his right arm against his chest with his left, both to support his wounded shoulder and to be slightly defensive in case he is attacked. But, Poe only smiles at him. A small, lonely whimper leaves Kylo’s lips. “I’m right here Ben, you’re doing so well,” Poe tells him and Kylo feels something warm swell up in his chest. It isn’t the painful sensation of plasma searing his nerves that happens when he touches the Light, no this is something different. Something he’s missed so terribly in all these long years. His train of thought is derailed. All intentions of escaping have vanished. He is exhausted from the pain, not able to think straight. But somehow, even the pain feels dulled right now, all because Poe is talking to him. Because Poe is close to him. The pilot has always affected him like this. Always been able to reach him when his mother and uncle couldn’t. When even Han couldn’t. Poe who has never hurt him. Poe who never gave up on him. “H-Help me,” he whispers, his lip trembling as he speaks, trying to hold back tears. He watches the pilot reach out to him and Kylo closes his eyes. He’s breathing hard. It hurts to breathe, hurts to stand. Everything hurts! He wants the pain to stop! He wants Poe to make it better, just like he did when they were younger. Poe was the one who could always make it stop hurting, or even just make it hurt a little less... Two warm fingers touch his face and he flinches, but doesn’t pull away entirely. A whine leaves him. The fingers rest lightly on his temple. Then deliver three rapid, but gentle taps followed by a pause and a fourth tap. Kylo sucks in a slow gulp of air and shudders. “You can do it,” Poe prompts him softly. “Just like we used to. Come on Ben,” he repeats the tapping motion on Kylo’s temple. “E-Even,” Kylo starts and swallows heavily. He shakes his head, he can’t! There is no way he can! Not after what he’s done! Poe’s fingers move and rest just under his eyes, right where the dark circles are from sleepless nights. Three soft, rapid taps then a pause and a fourth one. “Even if you can’t accept yourself, I accept you Ben,” Poe tells him. His voice is so close! Warm breath tickles Kylo’s ear. He’s breathing hard now, he feels lightheaded. Disoriented. Even as his mind is in pieces, his body remembers the ritual and his heart beat starts to slow. “I accept you fully and unconditionally,” Poe’s fingers leave Kylo’s face to tap the pattern out lightly on the knight’s collar bone. Another shudder runs through Kylo and a quiet moan leaves him. His joints start to relax, like rusted hinges finally being oiled. Kylo’s posture slumps. “Please come home, Ben. You don’t have to be alone,” Poe tells him, it makes something in Kylo’s stomach quiver and jump, but in a good way. This feels right. Safe. Good. Slowly Kylo opens his eyes. He and Poe are nearly nose and nose and suddenly a wave of tiredness rushes over the Knight. He wants to be sixteen again and sneaking away from his uncle to rendezvous with the pilot in the woods. He wants to be back in the world before his Force powers fully manifested, before pain became a constant presence in his life. Before everything because ruined. And Poe is offering him that. Just as his father had on that bridge. One last chance to fix things. To make it right. “I accept you Ben. I care. I never stopped,” Poe tells him, gently reaching up and pushing some of his sweat soaked hair back from his face. “Not even after… after Devaron?” Kylo can’t help himself, can’t stop the question from leaving his lips. What had happened on that planet, that confrontation had been terrible. Had been when Kylo had been certain he had killed off his last connection to the Light. “Not even then Ben,” Poe assures him and Kylo feels light headed. He almost can’t breathe. His body is relaxing without his permission. He feels like he’s falling again, but this is different than his fall from the cliff. Another chance! Another chance! The reality of it is dizzying and makes him physically sway from the enormity of it. Even if the Galaxy hates him, Poe will be here, by his side. Kylo feels tears welling up in his eyes. He wants to reach out. To embrace the other man, but his arms are heavy. He doesn’t know if he can. He wants Poe’s touch again, needs it. He’s missed it after all these years of pain and coldness. Poe is warmth, light that is so different from that which is in the Force. Poe is safe. Kind in ways Kylo has never deserved. Yet the pilot offers to him time and time again. On D’Qar in their youth. At the ancient temple on Devaron and even Ren had interrogated him aboard the Finalizer . Even now, when killing him would make everyone’s lives so much easier. “Poe...” his voice breaks. “What do you want Heartkeeper? Tell me. You can do it, I’m right here,” Poe talks to him with that soft voice that has soothed nightmares away so many times. “I-I-” Kylo chokes on the whispered words. “I want to be free of this pain.” His hands clench into fists at his sides. “I want to come home!” his voice cracks as he bows his head, a sob escaping him. He’s tired of hurting, tired of being afraid. Poe reaches out and this time takes one of Kylo’s clenched hands in his own. Poe who has such warm hands, calloused in certain spots from handling the controls of his X-Wing. Kylo takes another step forward so they’re chest to chest now, barely a breath between them. He wants to collapse, to just melt against the other man, to let these past ten years have all been a bad dream. “H-Help me,” he whispers. “Anything,” Poe says without hesitation. “You know that Ben.” Kylo shudders and looks at the pilot, red rimmed eyes with dark circles under them scan his face, looking for the lie. For the trick. The deceit that will end in pain. He lies. A whimper leaves Kylo and he pulls away from Poe, taking a step back. Kill him. The command echoes loudly in Kylo’s head. His spine stiffens. “No,” he whispers. Kill him. Remove your connection to the Light. Set yourself free, apprentice. “No, no, no!” Kylo pulls his hands away from Poe’s gentle grip and his hands go to clutch at his head. “No please!” KILL HIM! Pain rips through Kylo’s mind like a blaster bolt and he screams, his fingernails digging into his scalp. His vision goes white as scorching pain rips at him from the inside and he falls to his knees. KILL HIM! The pain courses through Kylo’s body and he feels his nose start to bleed, the tears that fall from his eyes cause his vision to take on a red tinge. “Ben!” Poe is reaching out to him. “STAY AWAY FROM ME!” Kylo throws a hand out and pushes Poe back from him with the Force. Then his stomach lurches and he doubles over with a cry of agony. His hands go to claw at himself. It feels like there are biting insects under his skin. Like he’s being burned alive. If he can tear himself open then the burning will stop. It’ll stop- Kill him. “No, no, no,” Kylo feels the stolen shirt he’s wearing rip as he claws as himself. Blood wells up under his nails as he drags them down over his arms and shoulders. The voice in his head in insistant. Louder, more powerful than ever before. Just like it had been in that final moment on the bridge. Kill him and free yourself. Free yourself from this pain. From the Light. The pain intensifies and Kylo bows his head to the ground, screaming. A hand goes to claw at the back of his neck and scalp. Killing him will end this pain. Isn’t that what you want? Don’t you wish to be free? Kylo fights it. Fights it like he had in those frantic final moments on the bridge. Wars within himself. To commit such a heinous act, to pay the terrible price for freedom. To make this suffering stop. Kylo wants to shout out. But his voice lost. Not to silence like it had been when he’d confronted his father, but to wails of torment as fresh waves of pain consume him. His nerve endings flare, like phosphorus sparklers and the burning sensation races through his body. It feels like his very blood is boiling. His Master is reminding him of just how terrible the pain would be without the sanctuary of the Dark Side. Kylo cannot have both the Light and be free from its ill effects. He must chose and the more he fights the inevitable the more he will suffer. The more everyone he loves will suffer. The harder he fights, the greater the pain. He wasn’t strong enough. He’d lost on the bridge. Despite everything, despite how badly he’d wanted to go home. He’d lost, he'd paid the price for his selfish desire and instead of relief, he’d only found greater pain. Pain on a level he had never experienced. And a loss far more terrifying that he had ever thought possible. Part of his own soul had died on that bridge. And now, now it will happen all over again. Once again, desperate and half-mad with agony, he'll try to free himself. Because Kylo always makes the wrong choice. He is seemingly incapable to doing the right thing. He ruins so everything. Destroys everything he touches. Poe is damnably reaching out to him. Touching him and Kylo tries to pull away. Tries to put distance between them. To delay the inevitable, terrible thing he will do. Because it is the selfish choice. The wrong choice. No Jedi would ever do such a thing. No, this was something monsters did. “No!” he wails as Poe touches him and it feels like a bantha is stepping on Kylo’s chest. “No! Stay away!” He twists and thrashes, his body contorting in unnatural ways. His ears ring, sweat covers his broken body, and it tastes like someone has shoved metal into his mouth, it goes dry and he can’t swallow. Blood tints his blurry and distorted vision. A thousand needles prick into his hands and feet. This pain will only continue, so long as you cling to the Light. The Light makes you weak. The Light will destroy you unless you rid yourself of it. This... bothersome connection will torment you... Kylo screams. Finn grabs Poe’s arm and drags him away from the knight, watching in horror as the wounded man screams and starts to go into some sort seizure. He can feel the Force, he is startlingly aware of it as it circles the other man. The Force flowed around Kylo Ren like the black of night. The Knight himself was like some sort of nocturnal beast, feral and untamed. His Force power cold, and dangerous. But then it shifted: a dark and foul miasma that hadn’t been there previously, it had suddenly latched onto the knight. And the closer Poe was to him, the more it intensified. “Stay back from him, whatever is happening to him, you’re affecting it!” Finn yells at Poe as the pilot struggles against him. He can’t tell if he’s terrified or intrigued by this turn of events. But one thing Finn is damn certain of: he won’t let Poe die the way Han had on that bridge. Grudgingly though, he had to admit that it seemed as though Kylo was reluctant to repeat those events as well. Poe has stopped struggling and is watching, a look of helplessness on his face as Ren thrashes, screams and bleeds on the ground before them. Then, Kylo seems to have a moment of clarity. As if the fog of darkness that threatens to drag him down into the very ground they stand on is pushed back for just few sparse seconds. The knight rises his head and his eyes lock with Finn’s, not Poe’s. “Kill me!” he screams at the defected Stormtrooper before he twists onto his back, screaming in pain. The knight makes a terrifying sight, bleeding like some forsaken deity as his back arches up and off the ground so sharply Finn half expects his neck to snap from the extreme angle it is forced into. Ren claws at the ground, his eyes rolling back in his head as he cries out. “Do it!” he manages through gritted teeth, gasping for breath. “Do it now! Before I-” the darkness seems to recondense on his person and Ren wails, curling in on himself, tearing at his skin, reopening barely held together wounds. Finn can feel Poe’s eyes on him. “Finn, don’t!” Poe grabs his arm as Finn reaches for his blaster. “Do you have a better plan?” Finn pulled himself free. “This dark cloud, whatever it is, it’s causing this is something he can’t control.” Poe stared at him with wide eyes. “You can see ? Sense it?” “Can’t you?” Finn looks at Poe in confusion. The pilot shakes his head. “I’m not Force-Sensitive Finn,” he looks back at Kylo as he thrashes and screams in pain. They don’t have time! And neither of them know much about the finesse required to do a Force-mind probe. Trying to do so without the proper training could go terribly, terribly wrong. “Look, whatever has a hold of him. We can’t fight it, not now and he’s barely holding it back. If he stays like this he’ll just continue suffering and all three us could end up dead,” Finn gives Poe an apologetic look. He feels a bizarre rush of sympathy for the wailing man before them. Feels a displacing fear leaking off the darkness that hounds him, like a thick poisonous gas. But Finn had also seen Poe talking the knight down. Drawing him in, like one would a feral beast. Perhaps there was something save after all. Perhaps there was more to Kylo Ren than any of them had suspected. “I need you to trust me on this, okay?” Poe stares at him and to Finn’s relief, then nods. Without further protests or questions he lets go of the grip he’d had on Finn’s arm. The pilot takes a few steps back and then turns away. He can’t watch. Finn walks forward until he is direction in front of the knight. Ren cranes his neck up at him, expression pleading. A bloody hand reaches out for Finn and as he aims his blaster down, directly at Ren’s head. “ Please ,” he begs hoarsely. “Please end this! Please!” His hand grasps onto Finn’s pant leg as he stares up at the man he’d once called a traitor. The man he’d tried to kill and here Kylo was, pleading with him for mercy. Finn almost feels like he should say something dramatic at this point. Or perhaps something comforting, a kind word to assuage the knight’s torment. But nothing comes to mind. I’m sorry, he thinks at the knight lying on the ground before him. It’s more subconscious gesture of sympathy than anything. He doesn’t even realize he’s projected the thought until Kylo’s eyes widen and the hand clinging to his pants leg tightens. “So am I,” Ren whispers and the world seems to stand utterly still for the long moment as Finn pulls the trigger. The bolt exits the blaster and hits the knight squarely between the eyes. He crumples to the ground, hand falling limply from where it had clung to Finn’s leg. Finn watches as the darkness that surrounds the knight rises up. It doesn’t dissipate, but instead circles him for a long moment as a chill crawls up his spine. You. What are you ? The silent words echo in his head and Finn tenses, desperately wishing he had a way to defend against this darkness. He had not anticipated it coming after him. You’re strong. How very interesting… The presence acknowledges and then, as suddenly as it had settled, it was gone. Leaving Finn trembling and with cold sweat running down his back. Chapter 3 Notes: "True compassion means not only feeling another's pain but also being moved to help relieve it." -Daniel Goleman I find myself unusually challenged as I work on this piece of fiction. It forces me to explore avenues and emotions different from that invoked in "Balance of Power". Ironically I have found new places within myself as I have explored this recovery/redemption arc. Writing the "good guys"/Light Side is something I struggle with, as, since I have become an adult I have realized that I am, while a kind person, I also carry a lot of anger and rage due to the events that surrounded my upbringing. Hence I have found the Dark Side mantra more true to my own nature and find it easier to empathize with villains, so writing characters who the fandom, for all essential purposes, presents as "pure, innocent, cinnamon rolls" has forced me to think outside my comfort zone of justified rage and self-loathing. It is a challenge I have experienced with equal parts delight and anxiety. I feel that nothing is ever simple or clean cut, both villains and heroes have complexities, have struggles, justifications and motivations. It is my hope that in the writing of this fic and its accompanying series, I will be able to give the fandom's precious cinnamon rolls a bit of depth, to make them more human and perhaps even a bit imperfect. This fiction has been a growing process for me as a writer and as a person and I humbly thank you all for coming on this journey of recovery with me. He is warm. Is this death? His eyes are too heavy to open. His body feels like it is floating. There are sounds, but they are far away. Muffled and distant. He can’t tell what they are. Then he feels the muzzle over his face. Feels the tubes going up his nose and down his throat. Kylo chokes on them, thrashing and jerking in an effort to get away from them, to pull back. His arms flail about, his legs kick and he realizes that he is far from dead. No, death of course would have been too good for him. One of his hands comes into contact with cool glass, slamming against the thick glass that encases him. His eyes fly open as his head thrashes about He’s in a bacta tank. Through the hazy liquid he makes out three figures, four if he squints. For a moment he can only stare, trying to get his bearings. His brain feels hazy, his reactions feel slowed. They’ve drugged him again. They want to control him. To chain him down like a wild beast. No. No. No! Someone is talking to him, approaching the tank. A hand presses against the glass and Kylo jerks back from it, as if the touch might burn him. Bubbles leave the muzzle over his face and fill the tank, obscuring his vision. He feels like he’s drowning, like he’s being choked by all these tubes and wires. His limbs get tangled in them as he struggles to get free. He had to escape before they could hurt him! Before they could poison him again! Start the inevitable torture for information. Force him into the Light- Kylo screamed in desperation as he thrashed in the tank, his fists hitting the walls surrounding him. Panic consuming him. *** “Poe, you should step back,” Leia said, frowning as she watched her son go from unconscious into a complete panic in a matter of seconds. Poe was trying to soothe him, his hand pressed against the glass of the tank, trying to talk him down. Finn had told her what had happened in the forest as he and Poe had returned to the base, dragging unconscious escapee between them. It would have seemed that Ben Solo was not entirely lost. That there was some part of him still there. There were too many unknowns still. Too many factors, and too many questions that they needed answers to. For that they needed the dark Force-user to be alive. For him to be willing to talk to them. It was too early for this confrontation and Leia knew it. She knew from the moment she had joined Finn and Poe in the medical bay. But things seldom went as planned. She could leave right now and no one would fault her. But something told her to stay. Despite her misgivings, despite her worry that by even being here she risked pushing her already damaged son even further away, here she was. She had ordered the medical droid to up the amount of sedative, so they could get their captive out of the tank without him hurting anyone, himself included. However, her son was determined to fight it, it would seem. She could sense his distress through the Force. Could sense his fear, his panic. She knew Finn could sense it too, the other man looked like he might be sick, he was unused to being so connected to the emotions of others, he didn’t understand how to block them out yet and her son was blindly projecting his terror for all to experience. Worse, he was drawing on the Force. “Poe, get back now!” she grabbed Finn’s arm and pulled him backwards as she realized what the man in the tank was about to do. Poe barely had time to throw his arms up to shield himself as the bacta tank exploded, spraying the medical bay with bacta and shards of glass. Kylo Ren hovered in the air for a moment afterwards, suspended by the sheer power of the Force. His arms were wrapped around his naked body, knees drawn to his chest, head bowed. Then he tumbled forward, dropping like a rock to collide with the floor on hands and knees. A strangled noise of distress leaves him and he’s tearing at the air supply tubing that covers his mouth, and the feeding tube that goes up his nose. He yanks and pulls at them wildly as the others watch. The air tubes come off first and he’s sucking in shallow gasps of breath, eyes roving over the room wildly. If he actually registers anything he’s seeing is anyone’s guess. Then he yanks at the feeding tube. It comes up and he makes a noise of pain, gagging and choking on it as he struggles to free himself from it. Then it’s out and he flings it away as he had the air tubes and falls forward, catching himself on his elbows with a groan. The air is cold against Kylo’s skin, he feels slimy and foul. He shudders, his head is spinning, everything is hazy and he realizes his perceptions are off, drugged again. Drugged not killed. “No,” he groans, his stomach lurches at the realization. At the horror of being alive. The last spark of hope he’d clung to withers in that moment inside him. It dies right there on the med bay floor and Kylo feels detached from his body as he dry heaves. Then the next thing he realizes is a wave of heat running through him as his entire body lurches forward and he vomits. He feels the tears running down his face as he does, the stench of it hits his nostrils, sour and foul. His body is too hot and too cold all at once and he can’t stop shaking . The physical pain is numbed by whatever drugs they’ve pushed into his system. He should be dead, his mind screams at him. He should be dead! No. No instead he’s here, naked and sobbing before his enemies. Weak, pathetic. It’s only a matter of time before the Light reaches out to him again. Before it soaks into his very bones and sets his marrow aflame. Because sooner or later it will beckon to him again, and that will be worse than any torture the Resistance could devise. Fear seizes Kylo at that thought. Wild and unbridled, it steals what little strength he has and the knight collapses onto his side, if he’s lying in bacta or his own vomit he can’t tell and he doesn’t care. He knows the pain is coming, Kylo knows it! He’s failed his test. He can’t bring himself to destroy more lives, those few lives left to him that he holds most sacred. Even if it promises him freedom from his pain. Even if it promises an end to his torment. He can’t do it again, because the agony that springs from such an act, that may very well kill him before the Light does. “Ben?” A female voice comes from somewhere above him and he raises his eyes, looking up and squinting against the bright overhead lights. At first he can’t make out the person between the hair in his face and his tears. Then she comes into focus. Leia Organa. She stares down at him, expression stricken. She watches her son suffer, she can feel his fear. It is overwhelming, it threatens to drown her. But its source is unclear. Slowly Leia crouches next to him, taking in the sight of the broken man. His body is littered in scars, some are obviously from battles, from training and then some make her heart ache: both his arms have long, scars running from the inside of his elbow down his arm. One is older, the scar tissue silvery with age and it is crooked, curving slightly and veers off to the side of his arm. The other, the one made by his dominant right hand, goes down cleanly from elbow to wrist. This one is darker, newer. He stares up at her with trepidation as she crouches next to him. Tears spill down his face and she marvels at the years that have passed. From a frightened boy to a terrified man, one who had terrible power at that. The mother in her wants to hold him, to promise him it will all be all right. That he was home and he was safe , that they could fix things. The military general in her knows better. Knows that to do anything of the sort would compromise her. The man before them may yet be useful. If he can give them information, she can get the council that heads up the Resistance with her to spare his life. If she can spare his life then perhaps they can rehabilitate him. It is clear that there is damage beyond what she can see. Finn had told her of how Poe had talked Ren down in the forest. How it had seemed as though the pilot had gotten through to him, that they would be able to bring him back without issue, perhaps even have his cooperation, but then Kylo had pushed Finn and Poe away. Finn had recounted he’d sensed the the great and terrible caliginosity that had congealed around Ren and how the knight had screamed, no, begged for Finn to end his life. There are too many factors. Too much hurt. She was wrong to have come here. She should have waited until after the hearing. Until things were clearer. But instead she’d just had to see him. “M-mom?” his voice breaks, hoarse and tight, it sounds like a kitten’s mewl. Leia reaches out slowly and he flinches, whimpering as her fingers stop just above his hair. No, this is not the time, not the place. She pulls her hand back and stands, turning away from her son. She cannot compromise herself any further. If she allows sentiment to cloud her judgement it could result in the deaths of hundreds, if not more. No, she will wait until his hearing is concluded. Then… then she can allow herself the indulgence of being a parent again. Kylo watches her turn away from him and the rejection sears his heart. He is unwanted, discarded once again. Just like when he was younger, when they’d sent him away like a broken droid to his uncle. He can’t blame her, his is a terrible monster after all. So terrible that even the very Force itself rejects him. Why else would it cause him such pain to touch the Light? He can’t stop the sob that leaves him as she gives orders to whoever is in the room. Then she’s gone, he feels her leave and someone approaches him, boots crunching on the glass from the broken bacta tank. “Come on, let’s get you up and washed off,” someone grabs him under the armpits and starts to move him. Kylo snarls and thrashes about, fighting against the touch, the hold. Another set of hands touches him and restrains him and Kylo goes into a full panic, pulling the Force around him, intent on flinging whoever is touching him away. It is the pinch and prick at the back of his neck that suddenly dulls his senses and saves his captors from being flung across the room. His mind clouds over, everything becomes fuzzy, his anxiety gradually evaporates. People are still touching him, but Kylo finds that he feels almost apathetic towards it. He doesn’t care. He doesn’t have the strength or will to fight. He’s acutely aware of his cold and sticky skin and then he’s being pushed into a shower. The warm spray hits him and Kylo feels his knees weaken and he sinks to the floor again, letting the water rain over him. Someone, a droid he thinks, is handling him now, he’s being scrubbed at, treated clinically, like some specimen. By the time he’s clean, he’s being shoved into clothes. He can’t feel much anymore, his limbs won’t cooperate at all, the very tissue of his brain feels like it’s being marinated in drugs, he’s numb. Entirely numb. There is no room for fear nor pain, he simply exists , floating weightlessly, the fight gone out of him. The world blurs around him and his head lolls from side to side. Someone is speaking to him, talking to him. Ah the voice is familiar, who is it again? Who would find it in their heart to treat him kindly? Kylo doesn’t know, everything is so foggy. He’s lying down down now. Warm, so warm. Someone is speaking to him again and he tries to make his eyes focus, to see through the drug induced haze. “Just rest, Heartkeeper,” a hand strokes his damp hair back from his face. A tremor runs through Kylo. That name, that was what Poe had called him. Back when he was ‘Ben’, before everything had been ruined. Before everything had hurt. And even when it had. Poe had been the only one who hadn’t been afraid of him back then. The hand that is stroking his hair is warm, the touch is soft. How long has it been since someone touched him kindly? Touched him at all? Kylo’s eyes flutter closed and he leans up into the touch with a quiet whimper. He wants more of that gentle touch, it’s addicting, like spice. He’s equal parts starved for it and terrified of it. “Just rest, can you do that for me? Rest now,” that voice speaks again and Kylo opens his mouth to try and speak, but he’s already forgotten what he’s trying to say. His body relaxes against his will, and slowly he slips back into the welcome embrace of unconsciousness as the warm hand continues to stroke his hair, a thumb tracing gently over the healing scar that disfigures his face. --- “Okay I didn’t tell Leia about that weird tapping thing you did,” Finn crossed his arms. “Now you owe me an explanation.” At Poe’s pleading, Finn had made sure to exempt certain details from his recounting of what had happened in the forest. It was enough that Leia know that Poe had been able to reach Kylo (Finn still couldn’t think of the man as “Ben”, no matter how hard he tried), she didn’t need to know the details. At least not yet. Poe looked up from where he was sitting on the edge of the cot that Kylo had been laid on. The pilot sighed and ran a hand through his hair, before rubbing the back of his neck. He was quiet for a moment, chewing on his tongue as he thought about how to explain it. It was hard to pick out the parts that were most essential and not simply reminiscent. But in order for Finn to understand just why this all matters so much, Poe had to explain some of it. But where to start? Poe had never really talked to anyone about his relationship with Ben Solo… “He used to have nightmares,-” “So?” Finn shrugged, frowning. “Everyone has those.” “But during the day?” Poe’s brow wrinkled and he made a face of disapproval at Finn interrupting him. This wasn’t going to be easy to explain; there were so many moving parts. Ben’s well known family, and the subsequent reputation he’d been expected to uphold coupled with the quiet boy’s awkwardness and later his troublesome Force abilities. “They got worse as his connection to the Force continued to grow. He would,” Poe rubbed his chin in consideration as he tried to explain it. Or at least how it had appeared to him, Ben had quite the difficult time explaining what he experienced during those demented daydreams. A lot of what Poe knew had taken hours, days sometimes, for Ben to communicate to him. Time, tea and quiet, that had been what finally had made the trouble boy finally able to open up. But he had opened up, unfolded like a delicate flower and finally confided in Poe. Now, the least Poe could do was be a voice for the man who had once been his lover. He could see the hurt, the damage, even if he couldn’t understand it entirely. “He would lose time. Would zone out, sometimes for minutes, sometimes hours,” Poe looked back at the sleeping man. Kylo had curled onto his side and into a tight ball, one arm slung over his head as if to ward off an attack, the other pressed against his chest. “He never wanted to talk about what happened during those nightmares. It took a long time for him to tell me. I don’t even think he ever told Leia or Han,” Poe’s shoulders slumped. “And?” Finn prompted, sitting next to Poe on the bed, trying to actively ignore the sleeping knight, who had started to twitch minutely in his sleep, as if he knew they were talking about him. Finn tried to ignore him. Tried to just focus on what Poe said, to find a way to give him the benefit of the doubt, a little difficult considering the massive lightsaber scar on his back from the battle on Starkiller. “Ben said it hurt,” Poe said quietly. “But he could never figure out what. He just… was always hurting. Sometimes it was worse than others,” he recalled days when it was manageable and Ben had told him it was like beetles crawling around under his skin, it itched and stung at times, but he’d been able to hold conversations, to still do things. But when it was bad, he’d be physically sick, not able to walk, screaming and crying in pain, despite no obvious injury. On those days he’d lock himself in his room, cut himself off from everyone, even Poe. And for the life of him Poe could never figure out what pushed it from bad to worse and Ben refused to talk about it. No amount of pleading, comfort or promises of secrecy would make him open up. Poe didn’t mention this aloud to Finn, it was hard enough just to talk about these long held onto secrets. “The nightmares seemed to increase when the pain was worse,” Poe glanced back at Kylo. Silently, he hoped the fallen knight would understand the need for Poe to talk about this with Finn. Hoped that once he woke, Kylo would be willing to open up, cooperate as he had previously. If Poe could just get Kylo to trust him again, but from what had happened in the woods there seemed like a strong chance that he could reach the other man. “Ben said he would suddenly be wandering alone in the darkness. In a maze, trying to find his way out. That there was a voice talking to him, telling him to kill everyone. Telling him to do horrible things. Telling him he was alone. Unwanted. Sometimes… there would be visions. He would see everyone in the base dead, slaughtered as if by some monstrous beast,” Poe shivered. Ben had been so terrified when Poe had finally gotten him to open up. The other teen had been pale as death and shaking, his cold hands clutching Poe’s in desperation, as if he could simply will the other teen not to tell his mother. Ben was so afraid of being judged or told he was crazy. Or worse, being sent away, not being able to become a Jedi. Of letting his family down, of shaming them. He’d begged Poe on hands and knees not to tell Leia. He’d made Poe swear it. And Poe, despite his misgivings, despite his very real worry about Ben’s mental health, had agreed. To have told Han and Leia would have betrayed the other boy’s trust, would have pushed him away, made things worse. “He was so afraid of being abandoned,” Poe said softly, his hands clenched into fists. It had been agonizing to be so young and watch someone he cared about in pain. To be so powerless to help him. “Whatever was talking to him, whatever intrusive thoughts were in his mind, he believed them. I guess when there are voices in your head, it becomes hard to tell which one is yours after a while,” Poe’s shoulders hunched. Nothing had been able to help that. Nothing short of Poe being Force-sensitive could have helped. “It got worse. He became withdrawn. Just locked himself in his room for days at one point. Didn’t eat. I don’t think he slept. I finally got BB-8 to override the lock on his door. I found him…There was blood everywhere,” Poe closed his eyes and swallowed hard. The scene before him had been horrific. He’d had nightmares of his own for days afterwards. He opened his eyes when Finn put a comforting hand on his shoulder. “It’s okay Poe. It’s not your fault.” Poe smiled faintly, the expression not reaching his eyes. He wasn’t sure if he believed that. If he’d spoken up, if he’d gone to an adult, someone, anyone, earlier, perhaps they could have prevented all of this. But Finn’s comfort helped, Poe put his hand over Finn’s, giving it a small squeeze of thanks. “I was almost too late. The scar on his right arm-” Poe felt his stomach turn just thinking about that night. It hurt still, even now. In more ways than one. “Thankfully I was able to get him to the medical bay before he bled out. He begged me not to tell Han and Leia, but they found out anyway. The droid had sub-programming to report it,” Poe sighed. He was taking the long way there, he knew. Talking a lot, because he’d not had anyone to talk to about Ben. To tell them about the boy he’d loved. For years he’d been silent about it, it felt good to talk about it. Like finally letting go of a rope that had been burning his hand from how tightly he’d held onto it. Behind them a full body shudder ran through Kylo and he whimpered. Unconsciously Poe reached behind him and lightly ran his hand down Kylo’s back. “Just rest Heartkeeper,” he murmured softly. There had been times when they were younger that Poe had tried to channel his feelings towards Ben, tried to focus his intentions, his love, so that the younger boy could pick up on it, take comfort in it. Even if he wasn’t Force-sensitive, everyone gave off an aura, their thoughts wandered around their minds, an energy signature of some sort. It had worked, sometimes a little too well, and Poe hoped it would work now. Kylo whimpered a few more times, but as Poe kept stroking his back he calmed and quieted. Finn reached out then and put a hand over the one Poe had on Kylo’s back. “Poe I-” he looked at the pilot. “I’m sorry.” He didn’t like feeling sympathy for the knight. It seemed counterintuitive to his own survival. It felt like it was simply too easy. Too convenient. Why couldn’t Ren have just been evil for the sake of being evil? Next thing he knew someone would say that General Hux had some tragic backstory. But then he remembered something he’d read, he’d seen it on a piece of graffiti when he’d been planetside one time. In great, swooping cursive, the colorful text had read: ’Monsters are made. The Galaxy is inherently good. Love one another, if hatred wins, if fear wins then we all lose.’ Beneath the words there had been a mural of flowers and many different alien races holding hands together and smiling. The next day the wall had been painted over. Later that year it was destroyed. Finn had to wonder though, just how much of that was true, and how much was wishful thinking? If Ren would be willing to let himself be helped? If he in turn would help them and would give them the vital information that would let the Resistance seize victory over the First Order? Poe took his hand off Kylo’s back and then just held Finn’s and they sat there in silence like that for a few minutes. It felt like he was trying to summon up the courage to speak again. To keep talking. With a start, Finn realized that he was sensing Poe’s thoughts. The pilot was projecting them and the ex-Stormtrooper was reading them as one might read the clouds. Poe was struggling, hurting. None of this was easy for him. Finn’s heart went out to the other man and he gave Poe’s hand a reassuring squeeze. “Just take your time Poe,” Finn told him softly. “Ben, he just wanted so badly to make everyone proud,” Poe hid his face in one hand and Finn could feel the pain radiating off the pilot. Could sense the ghostly echoes of memories that floated to the forefront of Poe’s mind. Of Ben crying in Poe’s arms, sharing this with him, telling him these terrible burdens he carried. The weight of his family name, everything that was expected of him. And here he was, sickly, if not physically then mentally. How could someone like that ever become a Jedi? And then Poe had carried all those secrets for so long. All by himself, with no confidant. “He wanted to be a Jedi like his uncle. He wanted to do good! I know he did! And he tried!” Finn took a shaky breath and then pulled Poe into a hug, casting a glance back at the unconscious man, unable to deny the sympathy that was welling up in him. He held Poe tightly, trying to comfort him. “You think there’s a chance he’s still there? That he can be saved?” Finn asked quietly, trying to steer the conversation in a more hopeful direction. “Now more than ever. Especially after what happened in the forest,” Poe said with determination as he rested against Finn in the awkward, sideways hug. The pilot steeled himself and then kept talking, this was the important part. “After he was released from the medical bay, someone had to stay with him all the time. Naturally I volunteered as often as I could between flight training. Leia brought in therapists, and they tried, but they weren’t any help. Ben refused to talk to his parents about it, he was afraid to..” “But he talked to you?” Finn guessed and Poe sat up slightly, giving Finn a sad smile. “He did. It was when he described what was happening, the sensations he felt when he zoned out that I came up with the idea. I read some articles on it and it seemed as good a bet as any. So we tried it, and it worked!” A grin, a true smile, spread across Poe’s face as he spoke. Finn could feel the thrill of victory radiating off the other man. “The concept was to physically disrupt the body with different, conflict sensations from those being experienced in the mind. Some people used ice or a heating pad, sometimes a mantra is used. Some species try to manipulate the body’s energies, but that was more complicated than what we wanted to do. You could make it a whole ritual if you wanted, but we managed to make it much simpler: an identifiable pattern that would bring him out of it,” Poe explained excitedly, he looked happier, more enthused than he had since Kylo had stumbled onto the base nearly three days ago. “Ben couldn’t tell what was a nightmare and what was real you see, the reality and dreams blended together for him, so the pattern-” he tapped three times on the back of Finn’s hand, paused and tapped a fourth time. “-The pattern, the physical sensation was something he could recognize, use as a place marker, a reminder to wake up. And it worked! Not just for that either! We were able to use it to calm him down when he would get flighty. And Finn! Finn, he started to get better !” Poe was grinning, glowing like the sun with happiness. There were other things, little details, like the time he’d spent with Ben. The rainy afternoons that they’d stayed curled up under the warm blankets in the young pilot’s quarters, the tea that Poe had found that helped ease Ben’s anxiety. The quiet talks about what happened inside Ben’s head. The little things. The warm, white lights that were soft and comforting, Poe had ordered them especially for Ben when he found out that the “cool” white light stressed the Force-sensitive teen’s nerves. The nightmares still happened, the pain with no physical cause still occurred. But they could control it, negate some of the damage. But the tapping, that had been the breakthrough. The key that had given them both hope. “What happened then?” Finn asked, his stomach turning, because this wasn’t the end of the story. Because Ben Solo had still become Kylo Ren. Poe’s face fell. “There was an accident. Ben had a particularly bad nightmare one day, lost control of his Force powers,” Poe said, pulling his hands back from Finn’s and wrapping them around himself. He hesitated before continuing. “He damaged ships and the base, a tech got killed. No one could get close to him, we couldn’t reach him. Not Han, not even me. He was screaming , clawing at himself. Leia finally managed to break through to him and Ben collapsed. He went into a seizure, like we saw in the forest. They had to sedate him to make it stop.” The pilot sighed heavily, he sniffled, brushing his eyes. He would never forget the moment Ben awoke. The horror in those brown eyes as the other teen had realized what he’d done. What had happened. Had it not been for Poe hugging him, Ben probably would have made another attempt on his own life in that very moment. “They sent him to live with Luke Skywalker then,” Poe said, sitting a little straighter. “But not to train to be a Jedi,” his voice broke. How could he forget Ben hugging him, crying against his shoulder? Poe had still been taller than the other teen at that point, and he’d done all he could to comfort the Force-sensitive. But it hadn’t helped. And Poe hadn’t been able to go with him. It was in those few seconds, just before they parted ways, that Poe had truly felt Ben’s Force power. He’d had glimpses here and there, but this was as if someone had turned the volume to MAX. The fear and turmoil was projected directly into his mind, like his brain had been opened up and every single thought and emotion was poured into his mind directly from Ben’s. How cold Ben was and how warm Poe’s hands were. How isolated the other boy felt. Detached, alone and adrift. Alone. Alone. So alone! Poe was the only one who wasn’t afraid of him and now they were taking him away! Throwing him away like an out of date droid! Poe didn’t even realize he was crying until Finn had practically pulled him into his lap and was hugging him tightly. “Hey, it’s okay. Just breathe, you did everything you could Poe,” Finn told him. The hurt coming from the pilot was like a dam breaking. The memories were so strongly projected that Finn had to struggle to retain his own sense of self. To not give into the pained hysterics that were consuming the pilot. He let Poe cry for as long as he needed. Years of tears from his youth, emotions and experiences that he’d never been able to share with anyone. All of it, finally coming out. “I’ve got you Poe, it’s okay. We’ll figure it out,” Finn finds the words leaving his mouth without a second thought. Realizes that this isn’t any easier for Poe than it is for him. For the pilot to suddenly have a ghost from his past be thrust before him. To once more have hope. Hope that was equal parts damning and inspiring. “We’ll figure it out, Poe. I promise.” --- He stood in a frozen forest. The sun had sunk below the horizon long ago, it no longer glittered off the icicles that hung from the tree branches. Mist clung to the air, clouding the ground at his feet. “Why did you come back? Why did you have to ruin everything?” Kylo looks up and sees Poe standing before him in his orange flight suit. “Poe-” “You should have died in the explosion on Starkiller. No one wants you. You’re dead to us. You monster.” Kylo feels his heart stop. Feels his throat close. “Poe please!” Pride long forgotten, Kylo falls to his knees, the mist swirling about him as he does, pleading. “Please don’t leave me here! Don’t abandon me again!” “Again?” the pilot scoffs. “I was never with you in the first place! Who could ever loved a freak like you? A murderer ?” “It was an accident!” Kylo screams wretchedly, this was too much! He hangs his head as an ugly sob comes from his throat. “Please Poe! You’re all I have left!” “I was never yours. I never cared. I came looking for you on Devaron because your mother knew that her monster spawn would wreck havoc on the Galaxy. Someone had to stop you,” Poe snarls. “I should have shot you when I had the chance. You destroy everything you touch.” “Poe… Poe please!” Kylo raises his eyes to plead, to beg that the other man not leave and he finds himself alone. Thunder rumbles overhead, promising a great and terrible storm. “Poe?” Kylo whispers to the empty, dead forest. A soul freezing wind whips through the trees and they creak ominously. “POE!” --- Kylo jerks awake with a scream. He doesn’t love you. He lies, they all lie. The words echo inside his head like a terrible promise and his hands go to clutch at his head as a whimper leaves him and he doubles over. “Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!” he screams, his eyes squeezing shut. “Stop what?” A voice asks and Kylo freezes. His heart is hammering in his chest and his eyes shoot open. The presence in his head retreats and he’s left with only his own thoughts, or at least what he thinks are his own thoughts. It is then that he is actually able to take stock of his situation. He’s not chained down. He’s not in a prison cell either. These two things alone are enough to make him wary. “Hey, are you okay?” the same voice asks, rather awkwardly. As if he isn’t sure how to really approach Kylo. Slowly Kylo lowers his hands from his head down into his lap and then peers up through his mess of hair at the person addressing him. The traitor. FN-2187. Poe had called him “Finn”. Kylo frowns and straightens slightly. “Are you going to torture me?” he asks quietly, dropping his eyes. His voice sounds strange to his own ears, hoarse and ragged. His throat itches and burns, Kylo wants to claw it open. He expects, if nothing else, that at least Finn will be honest about his fate. The Stormtrooper turned Resistance fighter has enough integrity for that at least, even if his loyalty is lacking. Kylo could try to fight him. To force his way out of wherever they’re holding him by brute force. However, he finds he lacks the will to do so. Lacks energy of any sort in fact. Where would he ever go? Finn is moving about, leaving Kylo’s question unanswered, just as Kylo had not answered his. Slowly Kylo reaches out and sinks deep into the Force, its cool darkness is like a comforting blanket that he wraps around himself. It steadies him. So long as he has the Force, he can survive any trial, any torment. The Force is the only reliable thing in the Galaxy. The Force does not discriminate, does not lie. It is pure, honest darkness. The only comfort he has against the echoes of his dream, against the pain that he will inevitably face again. A bowl of soup is held out in front of him, startling Kylo from his reflection. He stares at the offered bowl and frowns, looking up at Finn, confused. “We’re not going to torture you,” Finn tells him. “But you are going to need to eat. Poe will be back later, he’s sleeping now.” Kylo blinks. This… this was an unexpected development. Of all the things he had expected, had prepared himself to face. Being offered a bowl of soup was not one of them. “Poe is here?” he asks, his voice raspy and strained, still not taking the bowl of soup offered to him. “Yes, now eat. I’m not going to spoon feed you,” Finn gives the bowl a small shake, to indicate that Kylo should take the offered nourishment. With precious few options before him, Kylo decides to go the easier route: accepting the bowl of broth. The steam rising up from it hits his face and he can’t stop the sigh that escapes him. There is notably, no spoon. Then again there isn’t much in the bowl that would require the use of such a utensil. He simply holds the bowl, letting the warmth from the dish radiated through his hands and trying to find a way to make sense of all this. Finally he looks up at Finn, properly, their dark eyes meeting. “Why?” Kylo asks. He means to say more. To fill the space after the adverb. To try an make sense of all this. Why wasn’t he in chains? Hell, why wasn’t he dead ? He’s certainly committed enough transgressions to receive an instant death warrant. Why is he alive? Why aren’t they going to torture him? Why? Why? “Stop it!” Finn snaps and Kylo stiffens, realizing in horror that he’s been projecting. His self-control is at an all-time low and his shoulders hunch defensively. Finn doesn’t move towards him though, the ex-’Tooper is rubbing one of his temples, an irritated look on his face. Kylo feels oddly guilty and drops his gaze back to the soup. Just focus on that, he tells himself. Just do as you’re told. Stop causing trouble for everyone. He lifts the bowl to his lips and takes a long, slow drink of the streaming broth. It is warm, slightly salty and his stomach clenches as he swallows. A soft noise of appreciation leaves him and he shudders as he feels the warmth from the food spread through his body. Kylo pours his focus into the act of eating. Tasting every mouthful of broth, savoring the warmth that floods his body. It is almost a religious experience, one that he finds that he’s bizarrely grateful to experience. Finn’s eyes are still on him, watching him consume the food. Kylo can’t blame him. He isn’t exactly a trustworthy person. He is an enemy after all. But when the broth is gone they unavoidably must look at each other again. “What happens now?” Kylo asks, if that was his last meal, he finds that he’s all right with that. If this is the end. “Are you still hungry?” Finn asks. Kylo narrows his eyes at him, trying to figure out where the trap is in the question. Finally he just shakes his head. Finn takes the bowl from him and gives it to a service droid, which takes the bowl and toddles out of the room with a chirp. The other man sighs and then drags a chair across the floor to sit across from Kylo’s bed. He steeples his fingers as if in prayer and presses his hands against his mouth, thinking hard. Kylo stares at him. “You’re going to go before a military tribunal,” Finn finally says, bracing himself for the knight’s reaction. To his relief, Kylo gives none, so Finn continues. “I don’t know what they’re going to ask you and I don’t care how you answer them. But-” he sighs, cursing himself internally. “Do yourself a favor, and be honest.” “Why do you care?” Kylo tilts his head, curious. Finn rolls his eyes, clearly not happy with having to have this conversation. He makes a face, like he’s swallowed something bitter. “I don’t ,” Finn tells him coldly. “I’m doing this for Poe, not for you.” “Poe?” Kylo’s brows knit. His heart jumps wildly in his chest and he feels hope fill him, warm and potent. “Yeah. So for his sake, if any part of you is still human,” Finn’s gaze is sharp, almost angry. “Then answer honestly and cooperate with their demands, you’ll make this easier on everyone, yourself included.” Chapter 4 Notes: The essence of justice is mercy. -Edwin Hubbel Chapin Finn is wonderful and I adore him. Seriously, gold medal for Finn. Poe had not appeared before Kylo was escorted to the hearing. There were two guards had come to escort Kylo to the hearing. One was an alien, the other human, both radiating fear, as if they expected Kylo to leap at them. Perhaps he might have if he had the will to fight. Perhaps if he had something to fight for, something to lose. But he had neither now, he just wanted this over with. He felt an exhaustion that had settled deep in his bones, down into the marrow, it seemed to leech away at his very soul. It was, he knew, the result of never properly recovering from the intense battle on Starkiller, which when combined with the life draining effects of the Light Side poisoning made him long for the chance to just close his eyes and let the chaos of the universe simply wash over him and carry him away. He doesn’t fight, doesn’t snarl as they cuff his hands in front of him. He stands when they tell him to do so. Walks where they direct him. After the terse conversation he’d had with Finn a few hours earlier silence had fallen between them. It had started to eat away at the knight’s nerves. He had tried to meditate, to conserve his energy that he might have his wits about him when he stood before the tribunal. But his mind had only succeeded in running in frantic circles. He’d tried to scan the area with the Force, to send feelers out to see what information he could glean about his situation. But that had been met with a glare from Finn that silently told him he’d best stop before he made things worse for himself. So Kylo had turned his meditations inward. Had focused on controlling his breathing, on warding himself as best he could from the inevitable attack that would come from the Light. When he walks, guided through the Resistance base, led by the two guards, with Finn at his back, his head spins. His breathing becomes labored. He could escape. It would not take much to overpower his captors. The former Stormtrooper was armed with only a blaster and from what he had been able to discern, Skywalker and the scavenger were not on the base. If they were he would have been dead days ago. Why does he keep thinking of escape? There is nothing out there for him. He is a failure and he knows the punishment his master reserves for failure. He instead chooses to hold onto the belief, the faint flame of hope, that he might be able to see Poe again before his execution. There was no way the tribunal would decide otherwise. He was too dangerous. Too much of a liability. His head swam with the unfamiliar emotion, it wasn’t fear. He and fear were old friends. It was something different, it was like fear, but wasn’t. No… He knew this emotion. This… yearning . Kylo stumbled, almost falling. His legs seemed to have a hard time obeying his brain. His breathing comes in harsh pants. For a moment he thinks he’s going to collapse. Finn catches him by the arm and steadies him, a wary look on his face as Kylo regains his balance. The other man is shockingly warm, and he stays a bit closer to Kylo after that. Strangely … concerned? Was that concern Kylo was sensing from the other man? Surely it can’t be. His mind is playing tricks on him again, Finn if anyone should want him dead. It is his mind, desperate to fall back into the relief of darkness. So desperate for whatever brief, warm dream he’d had before the frozen forest that he’s imagining things. There are memories tugging at his mind, hazy recollections from some time in the past few days. He swears he can almost remember… something. Or were they dreams? Dreams where someone is touching him gently, speaking softly to him. He’s safe. Suddenly Kylo wants that again. Wants it more than he has anything else in his life. He's tired of hurting. So tired. So very tired. His body feels cold and detached, as if he’s not actually there anymore as he is marched to the storage room that has been converted for his hearing. As if he’s hovering above himself and watching this all fall apart from far, far away. Breathing is taking conscious effort and his head won't stop spinning, his vision fading in and out and makes it hard to focus on much of anything. He weaves slightly as he stands before the council. Kylo is dimly aware that Finn is at his side still, almost as if he's being supportive of the knight. It baffles Kylo and he tries not to think about it too much. So he turns his flattering attention to the beings that will judge him. The council consists of seven people, a mix of humans and aliens, young and old, and a handful of droids are there with them to record the proceeding. Among all the faces, he finds his mother’s. She stares at him without recognition as he is brought into the center of the room to stand before them. Her connection to the Light side is blinding, Kylo feels his throat go dry, and he drops his gaze, focusing it on the floor right before the table that the council sits at. Even so he can feel the power radiating off his mother. She has never trained to use her powers, whatever she does, it comes naturally to her, as if she just intrinsically knows how to manipulate the Force. She does not attack him, but he knows that she is focused on him. All it would take is a well placed blow from the Light and Kylo knows it will bring him down. He has not had enough time to recover from the previous Light poisoning. Just being in the same room as her will wear him down. Just being close to her will eventually cause the pain to flare up, the shakes to worsen Perhaps that is how they will kill him? Let the Light slowly eat away at him until he rends his own flesh from his limbs, skinning himself alive in a fit of madness and seizures. “Kylo Ren,” a human with short greying black hair stands and addresses him. Kylo doesn’t raise his eyes, but he does reach out ever so slightly with the Force. Just a tiny thread. This is Admiral Statura, he has aged significantly since Kylo last saw him. The admiral had been recruited by his mother, in fact many of those on this board were people he had once walked among in his other life. When he’d been Ben Solo. Before everything had gone wrong. Kylo quickly pulls the Force back to him. “You stand before this council, accused of war crimes, crimes against all beings in the Galaxy. Of assisting a terrorist organization, numerous counts of murder, including that of General Han Solo, of spreading terror and chaos throughout the galaxy. Of being an accessory to the destruction of the Hosnian System-” That was right, Kylo had murdered his father. Killed the man in cold blood. It is at that point Kylo stops listening. The list of his crimes is exhaustive and Statura has a mind like a hawk, he can recall every single one. Kylo shifts his weight, drawing the Force around him, trying to shield himself against the rising tide of hatred from everyone in the room that threatens to overwhelm him. From the Light that his mother controls. He deserves to die, he knows. If Finn had done his job back in the forest, no one would need to be wasting their time with this. That’s all this is: a waste. They should just kill him. His shoulders slump, he has no physical wounds anymore but the exhaustion still eats away at him. He can feel his skin prickling, even just being in proximity to his mother like this, the drift of her Force power is enough to make his body start reacting. The prickling feeling intensifies, it feels like a swarm of Thunian wart-hornets have been set loose on his skin. Like crawling bugs are diving under his flesh. Kylo’s hands clench in the shackles before him as he grits his teeth. His knees are locked in an effort not to collapse, his vision blurs as it becomes harder to breathe. Statura is addressing him, saying something to him, but Kylo can’t get his mind to focus on it enough to tell what it actually is, let alone answer him. Suddenly the room fades and Kylo sees himself on that bridge again. He sees his father, Han Solo standing before him, offering to take that cursed lightsaber. Kylo screams at himself not to do it, screams at Han to run. But this is only a memory. It is set in stone, a definitive and defining point on the timeline of both their lives. Over and over again Kylo watches himself activate the lightsaber. Watches as the red light illuminates the darkness and the blade of energy pierces his father’s chest. He sees the shock on Han’s face. There is no undoing the horrible deed. But in his last seconds of life, Han had reached out, his hand had cupped Kylo’s face. It was a moment Kylo would never forget. He gasps for breath, blinking rapidly as tears threaten to fall from his eyes. Standing on that bridge as he feels the last of his father’s life drain away as he falls down into the abyss below them. He should have become stronger. He should have no longer feel the call to the thing that could kill him. And yet he did, and the moment before the bowcaster struck his side, pain ripped through Kylo Ren. A pain worse than any Light poisoning he had experienced had tore through his very soul. What have I done? Then he’s back in that room before the leaders and generals of the Resistance. Kylo weaves back and forth where he stands and desperately pulls from the Dark Side in an effort to stabilize himself. This is not good, he’s losing time. Losing his grip on reality. Oh no. No. No. No. Not good. His breathing is coming in harsh noises that sound strangely like sobs--wait, when had started crying? A harsh, coppery taste wells up in the back of his throat as he chokes and coughs on his snot. He feels a hand press against the back of his arm as he shakes. The hand just presses, stabilizing him a bit, keeping just enough pressure on him to keep him steady. Kylo can barely process what is happening, he doesn’t dare look at the owner of the hand that is keeping him from utterly collapsing. Kylo is all too aware of who is supporting him, and it is confusing, distressing even. He doesn’t understand ! Why would Finn do anything kind… Kylo’s head swims and he blinks rapidly, trying to make sense of things. Trying to put the pieces together. Something niggles at the back of his mind. Something about Finn , the Force practically glimmers around the other man like a thousand prismatic crystals. Amazingly enough, neither Light nor Dark, but an entire, beautiful spectrum, everything, yet nothing all at once. “Kylo Ren,” Statura is addressing him and Kylo finds his head has become bowed and that it takes a great deal of effort to raise it. His eyes flick to the admiral and then back to the floor. “Do you have anything to say in your defense?” The question weighs heavily in Kylo’s mind and he shivers. His body lurches forward for a moment as if he might be sick and he almost is. I told you this would happen. I warned you. They hold no love for you. There is no place for you here. Kylo’s bound hands go to claw at his head and a whimper leaves him. He feels the Light from his mother pressing against his flimsily constructed barrier. Fear rises in the room around him, it swirls about, and he feels it tugging at him, trying to pull him down and drown him. Everything is shaking . Your own mother would destroy you. Would hurt you. Slowly he raises his eyes to meet his mother’s. Her expression is cold, furious and she shines like an imploding star, the Force is strong with her, the Light is surging around her like the molten explosion of light from a supernova. But, he senses the smallest undercurrent of worry. Of fear. The very ground itself rumbles beneath his feet, loose items rattle on the shelves and whatever is not nailed down hovers precariously in the air as Kylo desperately tries to preserve himself. He has to fight for every breath of air, and he curls the Dark Side around him, dropping the temperature of the room as he fights for a small bit of space that is free from the overwhelming sensations of the emotions of others, the intrusive thoughts and feelings and the poison of the light. His breath comes out as a fog before him as he sinks down. Yes. Blessed coolness. Down, down, down to the bottom of that dark lake. To where no Light can reach him. Can hurt him. Kylo doesn’t even realize he’s sunk to the ground, that he’s rocking slightly as chaos erupts around him. Finn is kneeling next to him, trying to talk to him, his voice is oddly concerned. Worried even. “Hey! Hey look at me! Look at me! Ren whatever you’re doing you’ve got to snap out of it!” Cold. Cold. Cold. Down into the darkness. Down where it is safe . No one can hurt him. Kill her. Free yourself. There is still a place for you by my side. Where you a free from this pain. Kylo’s hands go to clutch at his head and a strangled noise leaves his lips. “Ren!” Finn stares at the Knight. He’s utterly terrified, no amount of Poe reminiscing is going to change the fact that this is Kylo Ren. That the other man has terrible power and could snuff out everyone in the room with a single thought. And yet he hasn’t. He hasn’t tried to do anything even remotely like that. This man, this broken, sobbing man before him is nothing like the knight who had ordered Phasma to slaughter the entire village on Jakku. This isn’t the same man he fought in the snowy forest on Starkiller Base. Ever since Ren appeared on the Resistance base he’s been entirely different from every time Finn has encountered him in the past: each moment now seems to be one that is punctuated by extreme agony, by fear and anxiety. Ren has attempted to flee from every single confrontation, has pushed people away but not wounded, he has sobbed brokenly as he has begged Poe for help, as he has begged Finn for death before… Before what? Finn had never found out. And right now he can’t believe that this is the same man, there is no way, no way that this is. It’s as if they’re in an alternate reality, experiencing some sort of bizarre paradox. It has to be. That’s the only explanation. Why else would Kylo Ren be afraid ? The ex-Stormtrooper feels the emotions rolling around the room like the lid on a kettle getting ready to explode from too much pressure. Hatred, fear, it is all piping hot from the aliens and humans around them, save for Leia. She is calm, nervous yes, but otherwise calm. Her breathing steady, her connection to the Force like a stream of light, even as Statura yells for order amidst the chaos of panic at this display of Ren’s Force power. Ren… What was he even doing? Finn focuses his attention on the man before him. Finn sees it then. The darkness, the yawning maw of the abyss that opens wide, fully intending to swallow the knight. Just like in the forest. This isn’t right, Finn realizes. This isn’t something the knight controls. Whatever it is, it is wrong and it has slipped passed Ren’s defenses. It has wormed its way through the mangled and shabby Force shield he’s tried to construct. It might as well have been a cardboard box against an implosion grenade. “No, no, no, not again!” Ren’s low whimpers catch Finn’s ear. Again? Was this… was this what Poe had talked about? A terrible voice that had haunted Ben Solo? A voice that had whispered miserable and awful things to him? Was this… Suddenly Finn felt a chill race up his spine. Again? His eyes widened. The bridge on Starkiller. Kylo Ren had killed his father, what if- Oh no. Leia! Finn finds himself frozen by fear and uncertainty, every fiber of his being demands that he turns around and yells for Leia to get out of the room before she gets hurt, before there is a repeat of that bridge. Yet he can't move, his own eyes wide as his stomach turns itself in knots. Finn can feel the anguish and exhaustion radiate off the knight. How Ren had managed to stand and make it to the hearing was still beyond Finn. There was something wrong with him, it was as if a sickness of some sort was leeching away at the other man’s energy, at his very life force. How could anyone survive being in that much pain? How had Ren not gone completely mad? Was this… was this what the Dark Side did to a person? Was it that abyss that threatened to swallow him now? The energy is building in the room and Kylo is rocking on the floor, his hands clawing at his head as he moans. Someone is going to get hurt or killed if the situation isn’t defused fast. Finn crouches, moving in front of him, his hands going to grab at the other man’s head, to shake him out of this if he has to- “ENOUGH!” a voice roars and Finn feels more that he sees the spear of pure light comes slicing through Kylo’s barrier. All around the room, items drop back down to their places and a few lights burst into showers of sparks. Kylo recoils, a strangled noise leaving him as he hunches over, his hands going up to ward off the attack, but it is too late. The foul darkness around him retreats, fleeing from the exposing light, leaving no shadow to hide in. No place of sanctuary. And in that moment Finn senses both relief and despair course through the knight. He reaches out and one of his hands cups Ren’s face- And he’s not inside his own mind anymore. The world has turned upside down and and he’s surrounded by a cool, calm darkness. As if he’s staring up at the surface of a lake from its bottom. Everything is calm. Quiet. Then, like a life-ending meteor, the Light pierces the surface. It reaches him, sharp and hot. For the briefest of moments it is warm, he wants to reach out to it and touch it, mesmerized by its gold glow, but then, all too quickly to becomes scorching and no matter what he does he cannot escape it. The Light sears into his mind and Finn can only hear screaming. Finn jerks back, eyes wide. Something wet drips from his nose and he brushes it away as he stares at Kylo Ren. The knight is hunched over, his eyes unfocused, he’s drooling slightly and his nose and eyes are pouring blood. His body trembles. But in that moment Finn can see the relief plain as day, even though Ren is in incredible pain. Ren’s breathing, though labored as he coughs and chokes of blood drool, no longer hitches like an invisible hand is strangling him. The voice. The monster that came with the miasma, was gone. The same one from the forest, had Leia sensed it? Finn wants to turn and ask he but he doesn’t dare take his eyes off the knight. “We will ask you one. Last. Time,” Leia takes care to enunciate each word. “Have you anything to say in your defense?” A choked noise leaves Ren and his bound hands start to claw at themselves. Finn finds himself aggressively thinking at, almost mentally begging the knight to just say something ! The sooner he says something the sooner it will be over! Kylo starts to rock again. He feels the tremors starting to build, but in this moment, in this moment his mind is his own. Snoke has been pushed out by Leia’s Light. Ironic that his mother would both save and destroy him. He opens his mouth, tries to speak, and only a garbled noise can leave him. No! He panics, his hands clawing at themselves when a new voice enters his head. Just say something! Anything! Just tell them and this can be over! It is a strangely earnest and sincere voice. One Kylo has never heard before. For a moment he fears he’s going to be sick to his stomach when he opens his mouth again. He isn’t this time and his eyes squeeze shut as he bows his head. “If the accused has nothing to sa-” “H-He promised!” the words are hoarse, barely a whisper. Kylo raises his eyes to the council that will surely find him irredeemable. “I’m sorry?” Statura frowns, leaning forward. The other members of the council lean forward now in interest. Kylo takes deep, heaving breaths that make his entire body move and suddenly the words all come tumbling out. “He promised! He promised the pain would stop!” his mind feels like someone just emptied an entire stim vial into it. He feels frantic, as if everything is spinning. “He promised! He promised! I just wanted-” the sobs rise up again in his chest and he feels like a small child, covered in sweat, snot and tears as he blubbers pathetically. “I just wanted the pain to stop!” Then he suddenly can’t hold himself up, he’s doubled over and sobbing and the tremors are starting to become worse. Someone is talking to him, but he can’t focus anymore, his strength exhausted, his mind in pieces. “Kylo Ren,” Leia addresses him cooly, her voice does not tremble as she speaks over the broken man’s sobs. “Considering your crimes and your involvement with the First Order-” He just wishes they would kill him already. He’s a monster. He’s done monstrous things. “-execution. But if you are willing to cooperate, to divulge strategic information about the First Order to us, the council is willing to accept-” No matter the motive. The only fate he deserves is death. “-to live,” Leia regards him, her hands are gripping the edge of the table tightly. Everyone in the room is holding their breath, staring at the display before them. Someone puts a hand on his shoulder, they just rest it there. Kylo can’t tell who it is, but they are warm and he only can cry harder at the small gesture of comfort being offered to him. “You can’t be serious,” Finn’s voice break the silence and he gives Kylo’s shoulder a gently squeeze, trying to comfort him. To bring the other man some small reassurance. This, this wasn’t right! Could they not see that Ren was damaged, was hurting? At this point any information he gave them would be useless, the chance of it being right, of Ren being mentally capable enough to even relay information was slim to none. And this… it was too painful to bear. “And here I thought the Resistance stood for something,” Finn pushes himself up and stands next to Kylo, his stance wide and determined. Where was Poe? Poe said he would be here! Finn didn’t think he could really stand a chance if it came down to a debate between himself and the council before him. But, strangely enough, he feels like he has to try. Even though he owes Kylo Ren absolutely nothing , doing this... It feels like the right thing to do. Just like rescuing Poe from the First Order had been plainly, obviously, the right thing. “I thought you were more than a poorer funded First Order.” “Watch your tone,” one of the generals warned him. Finn grits his teeth and digs his heels in, squaring his shoulders. He can feel Leia, she’s amused, curious by this turn of events, but she doesn’t stop him, doesn’t silence him. “You’re trying to take a moral high road that your actions don’t support. You’re trying and questioning a prisoner who is clearly incapable of answering to anything,” Finn gestures behind him at Ren. “He can barely tell you his name, barely stand! You’re blatantly disregarding his medical state-” “And what might that be?” Statura steeples his fingers in interest. Finn fights down the urge to roll his eyes. Have they been ignoring the knight’s screaming and sobbing this entire time? Are they blind? “He’s sick! This is exactly what Poe and I saw this in the forest when we went to retrieve him! He starts to bleed from his eyes and ears, and then in a few minutes goes into seizures. So if you want information from him then you’d best keep him alive and unstressed long enough for him to be able to give you answers,” Finn can’t believe he’s defending Kylo Ren’s well being. Of all the things he thought he might do one day, this was certainly not one of them. He feels a small nudge at the back of his leg, like someone tugging on the hem of his pants. There is a small push against is mind, a feeling of gratitude . Was… was that Ren ? He doesn’t look back to check, but he gets the distinct feeling that Ren… That Ren had never actually had someone stand up for him before. “A haemolacria?” Statura tilts his head in interest and Leia frowns at this. “You know I’m not a medic, I wouldn’t know. But I do know that he is sick.” How is it not obvious to them? How can they not see that Ren is currently no threat to them. He’s not even a threat to a plastic cup. Finn can sense the pain that rolls off the knight like a low hanging fog. The dark miasma that he sensed in the forest has not returned, for that he is grateful. Finn had been able to see the exact moment when the power in the room had shifted. He had seen Kylo shielding himself with the darkness, sensed the unease of the council and then as Kylo had panicked, like a caged animal and started to lose control, Leia had attacked. Her Light had crushed him and the abyss that was threatening to swallow the knight. That was not something Ren had summoned, it was darker, it was pure evil. “Listen to me,” Finn pleaded. “Something is wrong with him. And if you expect him to be of any use then-” “Our scans of him,” General Ackbar interrupts. “Showed no physical ailments. Which suggests that this is nothing more than an act. A ploy designed to extract sympathy. The accused is not exactly known for his outstanding character.” There were murmurs of agreement to this and Finn can only stare at them in shock. Then it hits him. Of course. Of course they wouldn’t believe that this was anything more than an act, they wouldn’t believe that Ren was capable of regret. The only reason Finn believes it is because he can feel it. Sense it. Like a brightly lit billboard, it’s impossible to miss. Finn changes his tactic. “You all gave me a chance.” “ You are an entirely different matter. You made a gesture of good faith, you ensured that Poe Dameron escaped the First Order and survived. You aided us,” Ackbar explains patiently. “Kylo Ren has done the exact opposite of that. We must take whatever steps, no matter how severe they appear, to ensure the safety of the remaining Republic and the survival of its citizens.” “I would like to submit a suggestion,” a voice rang out at the back of the room. There was the sound of boot steps and Poe came to stand in the center of the room. Finn lets out a quiet breath of relief as Poe stands next to him. “The council recognizes Commander Dameron,” Caluan Ematt said with a nod. “Thank you major,” Poe nodded to the older man. “You always have interesting perspective, a quick wit, what is this suggestion you would have us hear?” the white haired man gestured at Poe for him to speak. Finn glanced at Poe, what was the pilot playing at? On the ground Kylo Ren gave a low moan but made no attempt to move. Leia was staring fixedly at the three of them. Poe gave Finn the smallest of winks before looking up at the council. “I would like the council to consider the possibility that we can get more than simply information out of Ren. If we could convert him to our cause-” “What you suggest is madness!” someone protested. “He’s a beast, no better than the likes of the Sith Lords that he imitates!” “I ask you to hear me out,” Poe put his hands up. “I ask you to trust me. And before you ask, yes, I have undergone a psych eval. I am of sound mind and body as I speak to you.” He lets the council process this. “Go on Commander,” Leia says with a nod. “Every being in the galaxy is propelled forward, inspired by a desire, a want, a hope. If you find out what someone wants, what they desire, you can convert them to your side. I propose we take this opportunity to gain an ally rather than simply dismiss him as unredeemable. You all have heard what was promised to him, and I propose we recondition him. We can deliver on that promise, far better than the First Order ever could, I truly believe that. And then, we would have gained a most powerful ally.” “Commander Dameron,” Ackbar makes a gurgling noise. “What exactly did you witness in the forest that makes you think he can be rehabilitated?” “Honestly Admiral?” Poe looked down at Kylo and he sighed before looking back at the council. “I saw a man who was afraid. I saw a man who was hurt, not by physical wounds, but by something far worse. I saw a man plagued by something we barely understand. A man who was desperate. Who is lost and without a path, without hope. And those people, those are the ones that are redeemable.” He glances at Finn then, “With the council’s permission, and Finn’s assistance, I would like to ask the captive a question?” Finn gave Poe an uncertain look but nodded. This was not how they’d discussed this going! This was not the plan! Then again, they’d not expected Kylo to start freaking out and using the Force, although they probably should have. “Go ahead, Commander,” Leia said. Poe leaned close to whisper to Finn so the others couldn’t hear him. “He’s bleeding, like in the forest, is that… that cloud you saw earlier, is it back?” “It was, but it’s gone now,” Finn nods, looking down at the knight as he shuddered, they were running out of time before the tremors became a full on seizures again. He was curling in on himself, whimpering softly. Finn crouched next to Ren and slowly put a hand on the knight’s shoulder. Kylo flinched violently, his limbs scrambling at the floor beneath him in a desperate bid to find something to latch onto. “Woah, woah easy,” Finn murmured. “Calm down Ren. You need to calm down.” Kylo’s eyes were glazed over and it too him a minute to focus as he stared up at the other man. He could sense it now more than ever, that the former ‘Trooper’s Force Sensitivity was different . But if that was real or an effect of the Light poisoning he couldn’t tell. Could barely tell which way was up. “Breathe for me Ren, you need to breathe,” Finn was saying to him. Kylo sucked a shaky breath in. He could feel the blood leaking from his eyes and nose, it was going to be bad. It was going to hurt . “We’re going to help,” Finn’s voice sounded far away, as if Kylo was underwater. Help? How could anyone help? They only hurt. The Light, the pain. It hurts! It hurts! “P-please-” he manages, his voice hoarse. It is so hard to focus, to stay in the present. Kylo knows he’s fighting a losing battle. His body will give in to the shakes and they will become violent. The nausea and pain will consume him and he’ll thrash until he tears his throat out. Already he’s on fire, his very veins are going to burn him alive. “Easy, easy,” Finn says, catching his hands before Kylo can try tear into his own body. Even cuffed, he still tries to tear at the offending parts of his body, to rip out the source of the pain. Kylo whimpers and coughs, choking on his own blood and he hears far off murmurs and gasps. Then someone is brushing his sweat soaked hair out of his face and Poe’s face comes into view. “Hey,” Poe smiles at him as he kneels next to Ren, his back to the council. “Poe?” Kylo doesn’t recognize his own voice. It is disgustingly hopeful and earnest. Desperate, like a child begging. He doesn’t even realize that he’s frantically grabbing at the pilot, trembling fingers tug at the pant legs of his orange jumpsuit. “I need to you answer a question for me, can you do that?” Poe asks the knight kindly. Kylo feels the seizures starting to build and swallows heavily, nodding. The world is starting to blur together, it takes all of his strength to focus on the pilot’s words. But if he can focus on what Poe is saying, the pain will quiet, it will delay the worst of it. “Okay, can you tell me who made you that promise? Can you tell me who you did all those horrible things for? How could that being possibly remove this terrible pain?” Poe raises his voice so the council can hear. Poe’s question leaves the room in silence, the council collectively leans forward to hear what the knight says in his defense. Kylo makes a choked noise, his hands pulling from Finn’s to claw at his own face. The sounds he makes are inhuman, not a language at all, purely feral. “Come on,” Finn whispers above him as he wrestles Ren’s hands away from his face. Come on, you have to give us something! The voice pleads inside Kylo’s head and he groans. “Easy, it’ll be okay,” Poe’s voice is trying to soothe him, but his ears only ring louder, the pain builds and all Kylo can manage is a choked sob. Focus on Poe. On his voice. Poe can make it better. Poe can help. Poe is good. Poe never hurt him. Never struck him with the Light. Never. Never. “I think we’ve seen quite enough. This is going to get out of hand,” Statura says. “He will be of no use to us, neither as an ally, nor an informant, that much is clear. He is too dangerous to be kept alive. I vote that we-” he is shushed suddenly by Ematt as the older man leans further forward. “What did he say?” Ematt asks, tilting his head. All eyes are on Ren in that moment as his body starts to convulse. His hands jerk free from Finn’s grasp again to claw at the ground again as if he means to pull himself up. Finally he manages to push himself up off the ground, gasping for breath, face covered in blood. “M-My master!” Kylo’s voice is barely a whisper. It is strained, as if the life itself is being choked out of him. “He promised .” “Who?” Ematt asks, his voice steady, calm. “Tell us. Who is your master?” “M-Master,” Kylo pants, he looks up at the council. Why don’t they understand? How can they not see? “My m-master.” Pain floods him and his head snaps back as his body tenses. “Make it stop! Make it stop! Please!” Kylo wails in a rush as another spasm goes through him. He cannot hold back much longer. It hurts! He just wants it to stop hurting! Poe’s hands are cupping his face, subtly he’s tapping that pattern out on Kylo’s temple and for a moment the seizures are delayed. “He promised!” “Who is your master?” Ematt demands again, standing. “Snoke!” Kylo shouts, as if the name is being physically dragged from him. A quiet murmur goes up among the council members. “No way,” Finn murmurs and glances at Poe. The council too seems uncertain of what to do with this information. Only Leia seems unsurprised by it. “Who is Snoke?” Ackbar asks. “What rank is he? What position does he hold in the First Order.” Finn stands then, Ren is in no position to answer them and if-if Supreme Leader Snoke really is the one who holds Ren’s leash then they have much bigger problems. “Snoke controls the First Order from the shadows. Everyone answers to him, even General Hux!” “I was under the impression that Hux was the Order’s leader? Is this Snoke a figurehead?” Finn shakes his head. “No, Hux is… he’s clever but he doesn’t have the political sway that Snoke does. Snoke is the one the Order calls “Supreme Leader”.” More murmurs from the council. Poe is standing and nods at Finn, Kylo is shaking on the ground now, they’re running out of time! It feels strange to be worried about the well being of a man who was once his enemy. But to be under Supreme Leader’s scrutiny, to serve him directly? Finn shuddered. “Stay with him, touch him, keep in contact, it helps to hold off the tremors,” Poe whispers to Finn as he steps forward to address the council. “I submit that the council give him a probation period. Give him a chance to be rehabilitated, we all know from fighting the Empire that the enemy employes cruel tactics to ensure loyalty, why would the First Order be any different? If we are truly better than they are, we must counter such tactics. We’d be fools to waste such a valuable asset.” “This… development requires delicate consideration,” Ematt says. Leia stands, her chin raised “For the time being we will entertain this probation period. If it is deemed that the accused is no longer influenced by his superiors’ threats, real or perceived, that he has potential to be a functional member of the Republic, possesses remorse for his actions and that he can be of assistance to our cause we shall allow for his life to be spared.” “He will be given regular psych evals and once he has stabilized we shall see if he is willing to cooperate with our efforts,” Ackbar adds with a nod. “The responsibility for his care shall fall to the two of you. You both will be monitored to ensure that you will not become compromised. Until we have a clearer picture of what is happening we must be cautious.” “Thank you,” Poe feels relief flood him. Behind him he hears Finn quietly talking to Kylo and thanks the stars that the other man has a good heart. Few people would be so willing to show kindness to someone who had done such terrible things. “You are dismissed. We will send a medic to check on you shortly.” Poe nods and turns, kneeling to help Finn haul Ren to his feet. The knight can barely stand, he’s shaking so badly, the guards that escort them are practically pointless now, but Poe doesn’t take the time to protest the matter. Once the men are gone from the room Ematt turns to General Organa. “This is remarkably benevolent of you general, I thought you might have wanted revenge for General Solo and your son.” Leia sat a little straighter. “My son knew this boy. They trained together under Luke, Ben… Ben as troubled as he was, he would want to help this boy. He wouldn’t want revenge. He would want us to show kindness. Han would want that too. He always had a soft spot for those who were struggling.” “Do you really think we can turn him to our side?” “There is always a chance. There is good in everyone. If Luke could find it in Vader, perhaps Poe and Finn can find it in Kylo Ren. People who hurt, who struggle, they’re the ones most easily turned to the Dark Side. All they need is to be shown kindness.” “Well, let us hope that your act of mercy does not get us all killed, General Organa.” Chapter 5 Notes: I see that the path of progress has never taken a straight line, but has always been a zigzag course amid the conflicting forces of right and wrong, truth and error, justice and injustice, cruelty and mercy. -Kelly Miller Credit where it is due, some of this chapter was inspired by the amazing @eepz's art. They have done some fantastic Finnlo art pieces and definitely deserve a lot of love <3 You can find more information about the howlrunner here You can find more information about the vornskr here “Breathe for me Ben.” The knight’s pain glazed eyes flicked to him for a second before rolling back in his head as another convulsion shook his body. “No! No, no, no, no, no,” Poe whispered frantically as his hands hovered uselessly over the other man’s body. Then, as suddenly as the fit had started, it stopped. Kylo Ren’s body collapsed back down onto the bed. The ghosts of tremors made his finger tips twitch and muscle jump, but for hte most part he was still again. Poe let out a slow breath of relief and sank back down into the chair he’d pulled next to the bed. They’d barely gotten Kylo back to the small room that had been turned into a living space before the seizures and screaming had started. They seemed to come in waves, each one gradually shorter, severe than the last. The first ones had been the worst, had they not gotten his cuffs off, Kylo would have probably broken his wrists in his wild thrashing. Poe had desperately tried to hold Ren still long enough to inject him with an anti-seizure medication as the convulsions had lessened. This had resulted in Kylo snapping back into lucidity just long enough to grit out: “No! No medicine! It won’t-” His words had been cut off by a gasp and groan before his body had tensed again and then collapsed back down on the bed. Ren’s eyes had glazed over as he twitched minutely and pained noises left him. He seemed to be seeing something that was beyond both Finn and Poe’s perception. And that had been five hours ago. Poe had tried to interact with him, but gotten no response. Not even a snarl, it was as if the lights were on, but Kylo Ren had vacated the premises. So together, Poe and Finn had cleaned away the blood and snot that covered the knight’s face. The convulsions would start up again and Poe would desperately do everything he could to try and bring Ren out of them before they got worse. Sometimes Kylo’s eyes would flick to him and there would be hint of recognition, but nothing seemed to help. The medical droid had come and gone. It had attached an ankle monitor to Ren’s leg and even as Kylo went into another fit of seizures and the droid had scanned the thrashing man, the results had come up as inconclusive. Medically speaking, Kylo Ren was physically healthy, save for the elevated spikes in brain activity during the seizure. Finn had taken a break, going to the mess hall to get some food. There was a heavy, awkward silence between them as they’d cared for the man who was their enemy. Something had happened, Poe realized. There had been some sort of shift in those early moments of the hearing, Finn was troubled. But the other man didn’t seem to want to talk about it. “How can I talk about something I don’t fully understand myself?” “Just try? Please?” Poe had pleaded with Finn and the ex-Stormtrooper had sighed. “For a moment, when I had reached out to touch him when he was freaking out, it was as if… as if I was inside his head,” Finn had shuddered and Poe had hugged him close. “What did you see?” Finn’s face had scrunched up in concentration as he tried to make sense of it. “Water… a lake maybe? But from the bottom of it, looking up. Then… Light and it all became screaming,” he shook his head. “I didn’t like it. And no I’m not going to try to purposely dive into that psycho's skull! Whatever happened in the hearing was a fluke, I want nothing to do with whatever insanity is consuming him!” “Finn-” “Just-just let me have time to think!” That had taken Poe by surprise. Think? Think about what? Whatever Finn experienced on his unexpected trip inside Kylo’s head clearly had spooked him. So Poe had not pressed the matter, and now Finn had been gone for hours. He sighed, looking back at Ren. The dazed expression of not quite awake but not quite asleep either was plastered on his face, his entire body finally still. If it weren’t for his shallow breaths Poe might have mistaken him for dead. “Ben… come back to me. Please?” Poe whispered, resting his face in his hands. He felt wrung out, and as if he was being strung along by hope, clinging to the thinnest strand. It was absolutely draining. He closed his eyes as he sighed again. Poe had to admit, to himself if no one else, he had no idea what he was doing. He had been so certain after how Kylo had reacted in the woods! So sure that Ren could become Ben, that he would be able to have his boyhood lover back again. And now? Now doubt consumed him, the surge of hope and adrenaline and wishful thinking had passed. Now the reality, the severity of all of this started to hit him, full force. He thought about Finn, about how dearly he cared about the other man. The man who had rescued him when Kylo Ren had tortured him. He thought about how hurt Finn had been when he and Leia had talked to him, bringing their plan to him. Was this the right thing to do? For anyone? Was this fair? Poe rubbed his face, worry eating away at him. Guilt over his impulsive actions and emotions. Because his heart still raced when Finn was near, but that didn’t stop the pull of long lost, buried but not forgotten emotions, that surrounded the man before him. In a perfect world, perhaps he wouldn’t have had to choose. In a perfect world Ben Solo would have never turned to the Dark Side and Finn wouldn’t have been an enemy soldier. In a perfect world… Poe laughs at himself. Wishful thinking. He doesn’t think for a second that Finn would entertain the idea of a polyamorous relationship and he knows that Ben had… never cared for the certain physically intimate aspects that most relationships entailed. That had been another stumbling block in their youth, he’d never mentioned it to Finn, it hadn’t seemed relevant at the time. Now the pilot has to consider, given that it’s been fifteen years since he and Ben were both young, is Kylo Ren even capable of love? Of intimate touch? Or is Poe simply being wishfully delusional? Is it selfish of him to want a lover, a soul bound partner, that he can be completely intimate with? It aches to think about it. It hurts in the worst way. And the pilot finds that it isn’t even about the sex . In this very moment all he wants to do in this moment is hug Ben close, to promise him it’ll be all right. He wants to feel the Force-Sensitive man return the gesture, the very air around them trembling with the power of emotions as the other whispers, in that shy way he always used to, that he loves Poe so much that he’d collect the stars for him. And now, Poe realizes, just how badly he misses that. Just those few moments when the entire galaxy narrowed down to just them, Ben had always had that effect on him. And the Force-Sensitive wouldn’t even have to kiss him. But this is not Ben Solo before him, no matter how hard Poe wants it to be. And he has to face the reality that he may never see the man again. At what point does mercy factor in? How long does he persist and try and fight and struggle to save this man? How long does he torment himself with this long and hard road in the name of hope ? Poe feels absolutely rotten inside. Torn between a ghost from his past and a man who is alive and kind and loves him right now, in the moment! The answer is easy, it should be easy. Yet Poe finds he can’t let Ben go. Even though he has every reason to do so. He has every right to do so after what the other man has done. He presses the heels of his hands against his eyes, hunched over, his elbows resting on top of his knees and a ragged sigh leaves him. What the hell is he going to do? Poe shakes briefly, he hurts. His heart feels like it’s going to be ripped to shreds. He’s terrified in a way he never thought possible. He doubts the feelings in his stupid, over-caring heart. Something cold brushes against the back of his hand. “Poe?” A voice, hoarse, but deep. And so sad sounding. The pilot looks up and sees that Kylo Ren has awakened. The knight simply looks at him, his expression mournful, eyebrows knitted as he bite his lip. He lays there, his cool fingers tracing the back of Poe’s hand. Small contact. Just enough. That was something Ben used to do. Just a light touch to reassure himself that Poe was really there. To anchor himself. Poe takes the knight’s cold hand in both of his, cupping it gently and then kissing a knuckle. Ren looks confused and he swallows heavily, blinking rapidly. “Poe I-” he looks away, studying the wall that his bed is pressed against intensely. His hand trembles as Poe holds it. “It’s okay Ben,” the words leave his lips before Poe can stop himself. A tremor goes through the knight and Ren shakes his head. “Poe… I’m sorry,” he whispers, still looking determinedly at the wall. “Ben-” Before Poe can get another word out the knight has twisted and turned and is pressing his face against Poe’s hands, his entire body trembling as the choked words come out in a rush. “I’m sorry! I’m so so fucking sorry!” Tiny sniffles accompany the words and then it becomes a mantra. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry.” “Shhh, shhh,” Poe whispers, freeing one of his hands to gently stroke Kylo’s face. “It’s okay Ben. I forgive you. I forgive you.” “I’m sorry. Fuck! Fuck Poe I’m so sorry!” “Shhh, it’ll be okay. We can make it right. We can fix things,” Poe promises him. Kylo glances up at him, eyes bloodshot and watery. “Poe, I destroyed everything! How-how could anyone possibly-” he bites off his words and hides his face against Poe’s hand. “I ruined it all. I fucked it up. I’m sorry! I’m so sorry!” The pilot leans down and makes softly comforting sounds, resting his head against the knight’s. He mumbles nonsense that he hopes makes this easier for Kylo, for Ben. For his Ben. The boy he loved so much. Then Poe feels his eyes becoming heavy. --- He jerks awake with a start, blinking rapidly. He’d fallen asleep with his head resting on the edge of the bed. Poe sits up, feeling his back pop a bit from the angle and glances at Ren. The knight is curled in on himself, an arm slung protectively over his head, the other tucked against his chest, it seems to be his prefered sleeping position. Poe rubs his face, trying to remember the exact moment he’d fallen asleep, but he can’t seem to pinpoint it. Dimly, he tries to remember, what had he been talking about? Thinking about? Had Ren woken up? Or had that been a dream? Poe can’t tell, it’s all fading and fuzzy now. He massages his temples as he watches Ren sleep. At least the seizures seem to have run their course now. They can breathe a little easier for that. There is the sound of the door opening and closing and a familiar, cheerful beeping reaches his ears. Poe can’t help but smile and he turns to see not only Bee-Bee-Ate, but Finn as well, the human carrying a covered tray. “I thought you might be hungry,” Finn said softly. “And Bee-Bee-Ate seemed worried about you. And… and I wanted to talk.” He set the tray down on the small table next to the bed before pulling another chair up next to Poe. The little orange and white droid whirred and beeped as it examined the room and cautiously regarded the unconscious knight. “Talk?” Poe asked, turning to give Finn his full attention. “Yeah, I… You love him, don’t you?” Finn says quietly. Poe bites his lip and drops his eyes at that, it feels a bit like an accusation. But unlike the last time they’d tried to talk about this, Finn wasn’t shouting. “I’m not going to pretend to get it, I’m not going to pretend to understand, cause I don’t. And watching you do this terrifies me,” Finn puts a hand over Poe’s. “Because I care about you Poe.” “Finn I-” “Shut up for a minute, okay? It’s hard enough to say this as it is,” Finn gives his hand a squeeze. The words are softly spoken and that makes it hurt a little bit. Poe glances at the other man, brow knitting as he waits for him to continue. “I care about you a lot. I might love you even, but... But whatever we might have had, I think your heart would have always been with Ben Solo. You’d always be looking back over your shoulder, no matter who you were with, doesn’t matter if it’s me or someone else. I think you gave your heart to him a long time ago. I’ll support you and I’ll be here for you, but I’m-” he shakes his head. “I’m not going to be your side piece or a fall back plan, and I ask that you respect that,” Finn’s voice wobbles. This is hard to say, it hurts, more than he expected it to. But after some time alone, some honest soul searching this was best. For everyone. “Finn, I-” Poe bites his tongue. What could he say? He has no right to ask Finn to take part in any of this. It feels like he’s losing someone very special and that stings. But it’s the right thing to do. “I know we can’t help who we fall in love with. I care about you and I want to see you happy. And if you really think there is a chance that you can bring him back then I’ll do all I can to support you. To be here for you,” Finn gives his hand a squeeze and then leans forward, pressing his lips slowly against Poe’s for what they both know will be the last time. The kiss is bittersweet and Poe tilts his head, slowly deepening it as Finn opens his mouth and gently cups the pilot’s head in his hand. Their last kiss. Finally Poe pulls away, resting his forehead against Finn’s. “Thank you.” “For what? And why are we whispering?” Finn asks. Poe chuckles softly. “You saved my life. Saved the Resistance. And now, you’re giving me a chance to save him,” Poe glances up at the former-Stormtrooper with a smile. “Not many people would do that. You’re a good person Finn, better than I deserve.” “Oh I don’t know about that, besides,” Finn pulled away. “I sensed something about him,” he gestured at the unconscious man. “I don’t know what exactly, I don’t know how just…” he huffed. “I just know that something just isn’t right.” “Well you do have the Force, I suspect you’re catching glimpses of things through that. But since you can’t control it you get like… a partial picture? Like a holo comm with bad reception? And you just happen to be able to tune into the frequency?” Poe suggested, surprised at Finn’s change of topic. But then again he had watched the hearing, seen how Finn had, surprisingly, defended Ren. Almost passionately. “Dunno. It’s strange,” Finn rubbed the back of his neck. “I just… “ Finn closed his eyes, trying to think of a way to explain it. The knight’s emotions had been a whirlwind of anxious, racing thoughts, too fast and frantic to discern, but he had gotten solid glimpses here and there. “He’s afraid Poe. Anytime the connection was clear, that was all I could get, he was afraid and… in pain.” Finn opened his eyes, shaking his head. Not really knowing what was wrong with Kylo Ren made this all the more difficult. Made it difficult to even know where to start on any sort of rehabilitation attempt. Something that he didn’t feel particularly qualified to be doing. Yet here they were. “Where do we even start with him? What do we even do ?” he looked at Poe, hoping that the other man had some ideas, because right now Finn would have rather faced Rathars all over again than try to rehabilitate Kylo Ren. Mostly because he knew that he could at least have a fighting chance against a Rathar if things went belly up, with Ren? Finn wasn’t so sure. “This would be easier if we had another Force Sensitive to help us, or if someone was around who could teach you how to manage your Force powers,” Poe sighed. If only Luke Skywalker hadn’t vanished into a black hole. No one had heard from Rey since she’d left to follow the map nearly three weeks ago now. “I told you I’m not diving inside his head,” but even as the words left Finn’s mouth, he had to wonder, back at the hearing, had he… Had he actually been inside Ren’s mind? The idea was chilling. If that was inside of Ren’s mind... Bee-Bee-Ate chirped, interrupting their conversation and one of the round droid’s compartments opened. “Oh!” Poe straightened. That was right Poe had asked Jessika Pava to make a supply run for some very strange herbs. Apparently she had returned, in record time at that. The herbs were bundled tightly together in little packages that Poe took out of the droid with a grin. “What’s that?” Finn asked. “When Ben and I were younger, we were looking for things to help him. The tapping was one thing we found really worked. The other,” he held up the packages of herbs with flourish. “Is this tea I put together.” “Oh? What’s in it?” Finn asked as they stood and went to the sink. Poe filled a small electric kettle up with water and set it to boil as he carefully opened the packages. “Algarine torve weed, bota and a very small amount of savorium herb,” Poe explained as he started to measure out different amounts of the herbs and put them in a mesh strainer and placed that inside a thick walled mug. “That sounds addicting, and a bit dangerous. Not to mention expensive,” Finn made a face. “It’s one hell of a cocktail, how did you even dream that up?” “I did some research. I found some archives that said the bota was something the Jedi used to use during the Clone Wars, supposedly it helps with one’s connection to the Force. the savorium was to soothe his anxiety, and the torve weed was to lift his spirits,” Poe explained, looking rather proud of himself as he did. “Did it actually work?” “It did! It helped his nightmares, and actually, I think it prevented things from getting worse. Just a little cup at night before bed” Poe was beaming and he explained. “If he was particularly anxious then I would make a second cup for him.” The pilot sighed a little. “Ben sometimes forgot to take care of himself. He struggled with things, little things. Like brushing his hair, eating.-” “Um Poe, eating is kind of a big deal,” Finn pointed out. “If you don’t eat you die.” “Ah I suppose you’re right. But the thing was, Ben forgot. He lost time, a lot. But this, he always remembered this. I don’t know if he associated the tea with me or simply because it mattered more to him,” Poe shrugged as he watched the water slowly start to boil. When compared with making voices in one’s head shut up, he supposed that hair brushing fell rather low on the scale of importance. “When he was sent to live with Luke, I packed some herbs for him so he could make the tea himself if he wanted. But… That didn’t quite work out.” He could remember Ben’s face in the holo call when the other teen had told him that the herbs hadn’t survived the trip, that his nightmares were getting worse that he missed Poe. That he was all alone . “Hey,” Finn put a hand over Poe’s. “Speaking of forgetting, you need to eat. You can make the tea once he wakes.” --- “So,” Poe said through a mouthful of sandwich a few moments later. “Once he’s stable we need to give him something to do. Cooping him up won’t help anyone.” “But we can’t just release him among the general population of the base. He’d get shot in seconds once people realized who he was, he doesn’t exactly blend in,” Finn pointed out as Poe took another bite of sandwich. “Well what did he do on the Finalizer ?” Poe asked curiously. “You mean when he wasn’t trying to antagonize Hux into a screaming match or destroying consoles?” “Did they really do that? I thought it was just a rumor!” “It’s probably been blown out of proportion at this point, as far as I know it only happened once or twice,” Finn conceded as he rolled his eyes. “But as far as duties and interactions? I never saw him do much of anything really. He didn’t attended officer meetings that I know of, he didn’t take part in tactical planning. He wasn’t really integrated into the First Order, he always seemed like… an outsider? He was scary enough and held a high rank, but he never really used it. He did seem to work well with Phasma. Like bizarrely well. Which lead to rumors that they were-” Poe choked on his sandwich and Finn thwacked him on the back a few times until the other man could manage to swallow it down. “Well that’s something I didn’t see coming,” the pilot admitted weakly as he took a drink of water. He wasn’t sure what to do with the information. So Kylo had been alone, isolated, even in the First Order. “Perhaps we can give him small things to do? I know jobs rotate on base, and I’m going to have missions coming up again soon,” Poe sighed, for once in his life not looking forward to flying. “I have a food prep and mess hall rotation starting in the next few days, that would keep him out of sight but give him something low impact to do, and I’m pretty sure he wouldn’t be able to kill anyone with a soup ladle,” Finn smiled faintly. The mental image of Kylo Ren brandishing a ladle or potato peeler instead of his typical red lightsaber was undeniably hilarious, but unlikely to happen. Finn glanced at the unconscious man, watching him twitch minutely in his sleep. He found that if he focused a bit, he could get a sense of the knight’s mental state. Apparently Ren’s guard was down at the moment, but that wasn’t all that surprising given the state he’d been in before. Finn had to wonder what sort of toll these fits took on the tall man, what the hell even caused them? The Ren he’d served under had never experienced such things. And then the realization hit him: perhaps, just perhaps that was why Ren had kept himself so isolated? Had this been ongoing? Was it coupled to whatever had been wrong with the knight when he was younger? Too many questions and not enough answers. How had Ren even been functional? How had he managed to survive all that he had? The knight twitched again in his sleep, his massive body curling in tighter on itself, as if he sensed Finn’s scrutiny. Could he? Without thinking, Finn leaned forwards and with his clumsy handling of the Force, slowly focused on pressing it against the knight’s mind. It was a bit like trying to do a bit of precision work when one’s hands were too cold: ungraceful and sloppy. Much to his surprise the heavy mental door he found himself pressing against, eased open with a loud creak that made goosebumps crawl down Finn’s back. He stared at for a moment. He’d told himself he wouldn’t do this. He didn’t want to know what madness lurked in Ren’s mind. Did he? They needed answers. The Resistance needed information and Ren didn’t seem like he’d be properly answering any questions any time soon. But Finn had absolutely no idea what he was doing. This was insane, and possibly suicidal. But… Finn had to admit to himself he was curious and they might not get another chance. He stood there for a moment longer, agonizing over the position he’d put himself in. Finally, Finn took a deep breath and stepped through the door. --- “Hmm,” Poe said as he continued eating. “That could work. Small low-key jobs. I just... I feel like I’m pushing him off on you,” he gave Finn an apologetic look. Being a pilot demanded that he be in the air. Ground time was always time wasted, but now Poe was worried he wouldn’t be here enough. Finn said nothing to this. In fact the former Stormtrooper had a look of intense concentration on his face. “Finn?” Poe waved a hand in front of his friend’s face. No response. Not even a blink. Poe frowned and put his sandwich down. “Finn?” he gave the other man’s shoulder a shake. “Finn!” --- He found himself in a long, dark corridor. It was lined with a series of blast doors that looked like they had been blown open, by an ion cannon, melted by some terrific heat. Almost as if someone had forced their way inside. Carefully Finn picked his way through the ruined hall. There were scorch marks on the walls, from blasters or lightsabers, Finn couldn’t tell. What chilled him more were the claw marks, deep gashes in the metal floors and walls, as if a terrible animal had been loosed. What was odd however, was that there wasn’t any blood. It was grungy, unclean, but for all the signs of battle, there was no gore. It was then that a soft sobbing reached his ears and the former Stormtrooper frozen in place. Don’t! Please don’t! Please! Please! I’m sorry! I’m so sorry! It sounds almost childlike in its pleading. Please don’t! Please it hurts ! Please! Something twists in Finn’s guts and he starts to move towards the sound. The begging gets louder and comes faster, the voice takes on a tone of unadulterated panic before it builds to a crescendo in a terrified howl . The hall shifts, reshapes itself and Finn loses his footing, stumbling, tripping and tumbling until he lands on the ground. Hard. The breath knocked from his lungs and all he can do is wheeze for a few seconds before he realizes he’s no longer in the hall. Looking around, he can see corridor a little ways off. He could easily reach it if he sprinted across the empty lake bed. Lake bed? He looks at the the ground beneath him and sees that it is indeed the cracked and painfully dry mud base of what had once been a deep lake. It’s as if it and the surrounding land have been sucked dry by a terrible drought. Even though it is bone-chillingly cold and no sun shines down on the land. It’s as if this place is stuck in a perpetual twilight. Finn pushes himself to his feet and scans the area. In the center of the lake bed he sees a single tree. Or what was once a tree. Its shape is bent and twisted, for it too is dead and dry, without color or leaves. But the skeletal tree is not what catches his eye, it is the man kneeling beneath its barren branches. Slowly, Finn moves towards him. Please, no! The voice is coming from the kneeling man as he clutches his head. Finn moves closer. I’m sorry! I’m so sorry! Please! Please just stop ! Finn feels his stomach clench as he stares at the man, he can almost reach out and touch him, but something tells him that would be unwise. Because the man before him is Kylo Ren. He’s naked and bleeding from every scar and mark that covers his body. His back heaves as he sobs into his hands. Then he goes still, falling silent, his entire body shaking as he contains himself. Suddenly the howl of a feral animal echos around them. Get out! The words make Finn jump. GET OUT! GET OUT! GET OUT! Another howl rises up around them and Finn looks around trying to find the source of the noise as he backs away. GET OUT! The sound of paws hitting the ground and racing towards him reached Finn’s ears. Finally he spotted the source: a howlrunner. A huge one at that, the fearsome looking canine with a skull-like bone structure covering its face, short, backwards pointing horns sprouting from its skull and massive fangs. It sprinted towards him and let loose another soul-freezing howl. Finn staggered backwards, tripping over himself in his panic. For a moment he thought to reach out and grab Ren by the arm and drag him along with him, to get him away from the monster that was racing towards them. But when he looked back to where the knight had been kneeling, Kylo Ren was gone. With little else he could do, Finn ran. He ran for his life and the beast pursued him. He headed for the corridor, tripping over the debris and ruins of the hall as he took random turns in a desperate effort to lose the beast. He ran until he thought his heart would burst, desperately looking for a place to hide, somewhere he could close off from the howlrunner. As if sensing his need, the hall shifted, the barest of shimmers and Finn found himself slamming into a door. He fumbled around for a control panel, a latch, something, anything! Finally he found a handle and pulled the door open. It slid on rusty rollers and opened. Finn rushed inside and pushed the door closed. He pressed his back against hit, panting and gasping for breath. Surely, surely the beast couldn’t get through that, it was a metal door after all. Like he was in the underbelly of an old starship. Slowly he slide to the ground, rubbing his face with one hand. What the hell had he gotten himself into? How the hell did he even get out? This was all in Ren’s mind wasn’t it? Whatever happened here, it wouldn’t actually hurt him would it? There was a sniffing noise outside the door and Finn felt his heart jump into his throat. At this moment he wasn’t so sure that he wouldn’t die in here. This was a mistake. Trying this was stupid! There was a shuffling noise in the darkness of the room and Finn tensed. Had the howlrunner found a way in? He fumbled about blindly, looking for some kind of weapon to defend himself with. His fingers closed around a long, twisted piece of metal just as the sleek black creature came into view. Another canine, this one he recognized from holo documentaries, a vornskr. A vicious and Force-sensitive predator that had a tail like a whip that could secrete venom. This one was large and battle scarred, its right eye milky and blind from a scar that ran across the right side of its face. The beast sniffed at him, growling softly. Finn brandished the piece of metal in front of him. Get back! Back! The vornskr regarded him warily and stalked in a wide circle around him, well out of range of the weapon. As it walked, Finn noticed the beast was favoring its front right leg. Its narrow pointed ears were pressed back against its skull and Finn could see that the beast had a large piece of shrapnel embedded in its flesh. Occasionally the vornskr stopped to lick at the wound, its tail lashing in agitation as it whimpered against the pain. Finn watch it limp away from him and settle on the far side of the room. The creature tried to pull the piece of twisted metal from its flesh, but it couldn’t quite get its head at the proper angle to reach it. Finally the creature gave up and lay its head on the ground, softly whimpering. Black eyes watched Finn and darted to the door as the howlrunner outside clawed at it. Are you hiding too? Finn asked, even though he knew the beast couldn’t answer him. The vornskr whined in response, it sounded… sad. Are there more of you? This was ridiculous, he was trapped inside Kylo Ren’s mind, talking to a wild Force-sensitive beast. None of this was real. This was stupid. Beyond bizarre. Again the beast whimpered, tossing its head about in what might be a negative response as it shifted its weight to try and take pressure off its wounded shoulder. Finn chewed on his lip. He didn’t have a lot of options at this point. With a reluctant sigh he stood and approached the vornskr. The beast growled warningly at him. Hey, easy now. I can help you, he tried to reassure it. It stopped growling, but it’s black eyes watched Finn’s every motion with great uncertainty as he crouched next to it. The former Stormtrooper’s hands were shaking slightly. He wasn’t sure if this was more terrifying or less than when he’d tried to bandage up the wounded Wookie on the Millenium Falcon. Shhh, easy. Finn gently rested his hand atop the canine’s head. It’s fur was thin and fine, sleek and almost velvety to the touch. He gave its head a few tentative strokes and the vornskr nuzzled against his hand making a soft huffing noise. Knowing that his next actions could either get his hand bitten off or get him slapped with a faceful of that venomous tail, Finn braced himself and with his other hand took hold of the shrapnel embedded in the beast’s shoulder. This might hurt, please don’t bite me. Gritting his teeth, Finn pulled on the twisted metal shard and the vornskr yelped and thrashed, its feet scrambling against the ground. For a terrible moment, Finn worried the metal was embedded into the bone, but then another tug pulled it free and he tumbled backwards. The vornskr didn’t leap to attack him, instead it turned and licked at its wound, now able to properly clean it, its tail thumping against the ground in appreciation. Finn sat up and watched it a small smile on his face. The vornskr stood, wobbly on its legs and pressed its head against Finn’s shoulder, a deep huffing noise coming from the creature’s chest. Finn guessed it was the canine’s equivalent to a feline’s purr. Slowly he ran a hand down the creature’s back, patting its side gently. The beast leaned against him, shuddering and wriggling happily under the kind touch. It was nice to know that not everything in Ren’s mind would try to kill him. Think you can give me a clue as to how to get out of here? Finn asked. The vornskr sighed heavily and pulled away from Finn, taking a few steps back and pacing about and if debating something. I have to get back. I don’t belong here, he felt a bit silly explaining this to a wild animal. But he had no idea how to extract himself from Ren’s mind. He also had no idea how long he’d been here. Time was strange in the mind, he knew that from how bizarrely dreams could make time pass. I need to help someone. I made a promise and then bit off more than I could chew, that’s how I got stuck here in the first place. And I can’t help anyone if I’m in here, he told the vornskr apologetically. The black beast paused in its pacing and then hung its head, its tail drooping. Finn crawled over to it and gently cupped its massive head in his hands, his fingers lightly rubbing at its ears. The vornskr’s eyes slide shut and it leaned into the touch with a whimper. Hey, it’ll be okay, Finn reassured the canine. The terrifying beast was part of Ren’s mind after all, which meant that Poe was right: there was still some good left inside Ren. It was just hurt. Frightened. The vornskr looked up at him with sad eyes and bumped its head against Finn’s chest, its entire body trembling. Careful of its wounded shoulder Finn wrapped his arms around its chest and hugged the beast. Slowly, the vornskr pulled away from him, Finn watched the creature with curiosity, not sure what it was going to do. There was the sound of something slamming against the metal door and Finn jumped to his feet, his eyes going to the door. How long could it hold? He glanced back to where the vornskr had been standing. The beast was gone, in its place was Kylo Ren. The knight was down on one knee, still naked, his head bowed and his shoulder bleeding. The howlrunner slammed into the door again, Finn’s eyes went between the door and the knight. Which did he stand a better chance against? I can get you out, Ren’s voice sounded weak, exhausted as he raised his head to look at Finn. The former ‘trooper saw now that the knight’s right eye was cloudy. He hadn’t noticed that before, either Ren had been compensating for it or hiding it extremely well. You must run. Do not look back. Wait. There. There was a vornskr, sitting there, just a moment ago, where did it… Was that you ? Finn tried to get his mind to process what had just happened. The knight bowed his head again. It was. Why would you help me? Finn’s eyes narrowed as the sound of claws against the metal door started to accompany the howlrunner’s body slams against it. Ren looked up at him again, his expression… sad. Like an animal left out in the rain and cold. Like someone who was used to being rejected, someone who expected it. Because you were kind to me. Finn could feel the ache in those words. He remembered that moment during the hearing. When he’d felt that small push of silent gratitude through the Force, when he’d gotten the inkling that Kylo Ren was used to being alone. Unaccustomed to having people stand up for him. He closes the distance between himself and the knight and crouches in front of Ren. The knight’s eyes watch him, even though one is blind. Slowly Finn reaches out and gently cups Ren’s scarred cheek in his hand. A small noise that is part whimper, part moan leaves the broken man, his eyes sweep close and he leans into the touch, trembling. I’m sorry. I’m so, so sorry. I believe you, Finn tells him quietly, but urgently. He can practically taste the remorse that Ren is projecting. I can help. Poe can help. But I need to get out of here in order to do so. He brushes Kylo’s hair back with his other hand. And I need your help to do that. The door behind him splinters and gives way and the howlrunner’s cry echoes in Finn’s ears and in that moment his is certain he’s about to die. Please, Ren! In that moment the knight before him shifts, the man moves, placing himself between the howlrunner and Finn. Ren brings his arm up to block the attack as the howlrunner leaps at them. The canine’s jaws close around his forearm and the force of its leap makes the knight stagger backwards with a grunt of pain. The howlrunner gives a shake of its head, refusing to let go of Ren's arm and with his free hand Kylo wrestles with it. The room darkens as the Knight draws on the Force and with a yell throws the beast off. It slams into the ground and does not rise. His arm is torn to ribbons blood pouring from it as he turns to Finn. Run. Turn left at every chance you get. That will lead you out. What about you? Ren looks at him with surprise. He opened a his mouth to speak, but another howl rises up around them, echoing around the ruined corridor. Don't look back, Ren tells him, his eyes closing for a moment. Run. It is in that moment that black chains snake up from the floor. They wrap around Ren's wrists and neck, pulling him to his knees. There is the distant sound of shouting. Cursing. And slowly, blood starts to drip from Ren’s nose. The ground beneath them starts to rumble. Run! Kylo screams at him. Finn takes a step back as Ren’s body starts to twist and contort, a scream of agony leaves him and a pale figure with a scarred and twisted face stands before the knight. If this apparition is real or something crafted from Ren's mind, Finn doesn't know. He flees and as he does he hears Ren's haunting pleading follow him down the halls. No! No Master, please! Finn runs as fast as he can as the very ground beneath his feet rumbles and starts to give way. Then, like a miracle, the door he entered from appears. Finn bolts to it as a howl of pain echos behind him. --- He jerks back to reality with a gasp, nearly tumbling out of his chair as he flails. Poe’s hand is on his shoulder. “Finn are you okay? What happened?” “How long was I out?” Finn looks at the pilot, Poe’s face is pale and his eyes are wide. “Three, maybe four minutes. You just zoned out. Froze up!” Poe sounds terrified. “Are you okay?” “Yeah,” Finn rubs his temple. He feels shaky, and his hands are sweating, his heart is racing. He's fine, no physical injuries and a glance at Ren shows that the knight is twitching in his sleep. But there is no blood. No wounds. “I… that was weird.” “What happened? Did you-” “Do exactly what I said I wasn’t going to? Yep,” Finn snorted. “Curiosity kills the loth cat.” Poe lets out a sigh of relief and passes Finn a glass of water. “You look like you need this,” he said as Finn took the glass and drained it. “So what did you see? What did you figure out?” “It’s surreal,” Finn gives himself a shake. “And a damn mess… I don’t even know how to explain it. I feel like it’s all symbolism and metaphors.” Poe doesn’t laugh, but just nods. “Is… is he okay?” The pilot asks quietly. Before Finn can answer, Ren’s twitched turn into full on thrashing. The knight whimpers and gasps in his sleep. Poe’s hand instantly goes to his shoulder to try and soothe him. “Ben! Ben it’s okay. It’s just a nightmare. Ben!” Kylo twists away from the touch, his limbs tangling in the bedding in an effort to escape the touch. Then his eyes snap open and Finn can see the milky iris of his right eye straining, trying to see something. Ren scrambles away from Poe as the pilot tries to touch him again, tangling himself further in the bedding, until he tumbles out of the small cot and onto the floor with a noise of pained surprise. Then he’s shoving himself back against the wall, into the corner of the room, his arms going up around his head to ward off an attack. “No. Nonononono,” Ren whimpers. “Ben,” Poe moves, slower this time, more carefully and he sits on the floor an arm’s length away from the cowering knight. Finn hangs back, not wanting to crowd on the terrified man, that seemed like a bad idea right now. “Ben,” Poe keeps his voice gentle. A whimper in response. “Ben,” Poe lowers his voice to almost a whisper. “Ben, look at me.” A shake of his head. “Please? Please let me help,” Poe brushes his fingers against Ren’s arm and the knight flinches. “I won’t hurt you Ben. I promised.” Another brush of fingers and then a gentle tapping. Poe lets just his fingertips rest against Ren’s skin. Slowly, the knight lowers his arms and Poe pulls his hand back, giving Kylo space as he peers at the two men nervously. “Poe?” His voice is a whisper, full of terror and hope. “Hey,” Poe smiles at him. “It’s gonna be okay Heartkeeper. You’re safe.” He lets Ren process this for a moment and then reaches out to him and brushes his fingers against Kylo’s cheek. A low noise leaves the knight and he leans into the touch, eyes closing, breathing hard through his nose. Tears fall from his eyes and Poe brings his other hand up to gently brush them away. A harsh breath leaves Ren’s mouth, he’s panting like he’s run a race and his eyes open to gaze up at Poe. “Yeah, there you go,” Poe encourages him softly. “There you are, my Heartkeeper.” Finn can’t deny he feels a twang of jealousy at that nickname for someone like Ren. He can sense how careful Poe is being, how warm he is, a sharp contrast how cold and afraid Kylo feels. It’s an aching image to behold. He watches as Kylo leans into the touch as a full body shudder goes through him. “Don’t … Don't deserve good things,” he whispers hoarsely. “I'm a monster.” “Shhh,” Poe just strokes his tears away. “No you're not Heartkeeper.” “Don't deserve that name,” Kylo bows his head, trembling fingers going to cling to the cuff of Poe's shirt sleeve. “Ben…” “I'm sorry. I'm so sorry Poe.” “I forgive you Ben. I forgave you a long time ago,” Poe leans forward and presses a gentle kiss to to Kylo's forehead, as he does he's moving his hand and gently tapping out the pattern on Ren's temple. A full on sob leaves Kylo and Poe brings both his hands up, carefully holding the knight’s head. His thumbs stroke over Ren's cheeks. “I've got you Heartkeeper. I'm here,” Poe tells him. He has to be careful. Not too much at once. He remembers how quickly Ben could become overwhelmed. It had happened before. When Ben had been sent to live with his uncle and when Poe had finally been about to slip away to see him, the other teen had been starved for touch. For intimacy. Poe knew just how alone the other teen had always been. For now he just needed to be treated kindly. Just slow, gentle touches. He glances up to Finn as Kylo's sobs quiet and nods for him to come over. Slowly the other man does, settling himself on the floor next to Poe. “Hey,” Finn says rather lamely. He's not sure how to follow up Poe's comfort. Ren's eyes go to him and Finn feels a small swell of dark power rise up in Kylo and then, a tendril, small and gentle reaches out and brushes his temple. Thank you, Kylo's words echo, almost timidly in his mind. Finn offers the other man a smile. He doesn't quite know how to offer comfort with the Force so he just tries to focus benevolent thoughts toward the damaged man. Kylo must have picked up on them because some of the tension leaves his expression. He shifts his weight and settles himself properly on the floor. He's still a bit uneasy, and his posture is guarded but it's a start. A start however small is still a start. Chapter 6 Notes: We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. -Plato The last two chapters of this story will be released on or shortly after the new year. I'm going to take a little bit of time for myself and my loved ones. <3 "To Gentle A Monster" will continue as a series throughout 2017 “You want me to betray the Order. To betray my master ,” Ren’s words are hushed as he speaks. He had drawn his knees up to his chest as Finn and Poe had explained to him exactly what had been decided during his hearing. In all honesty Kylo could barely remember it, it was all a cloudy haze of pain and Light. “The Resistance can protect you,” Poe reassured him. “We can keep you safe from the Order-” Kylo can’t hold back the harsh bark of laughter that leaves him. He shakes his head, Poe doesn’t understand . The Order? The First Order is nothing compared to the wrathful storm that will fall upon him if he betrays his master fully. Already he’s dangerously close to the edge. Too close. Ren drops his eyes, chewing on his tongue. He feels thirsty, shaky. If it is simply anxiety at his situation or another attack coming, he can’t tell. It’s been years since he’s been exposed to this much Light. He has no idea how his body will react, the idea of leaving this small room is terrifying. And yet he’s just been told that he’s going to be “rehabilitated”. In other words, made useful. Given manual, menial labor to do until the Resistance decides that they safely can rip information from him. The thought turns his stomach. Useful until they find a reason to discard him. Distrust floods him and makes his heart beat faster, useless adrenaline floods him, he diverts the energy and his fingers tug at the long sleeves of his shirt. His mind shifts and darts as he looks at the two men before him. Are they friends or simply “handlers”? Can he trust them? Just minutes ago he’d been sobbing against Poe at the familiar and long missed touch of his boyhood lover. He’d allowed the traitor to roam his mind, unimpeded. But… but they had been kind . Gentle. Kylo scrubs at his face with the heel of one hand, making a soft noise of frustration. Warm. They had been warm. In the forest Poe had promised , had held him close and safe. Gentle words and touches. Force help him he wants that gentleness! Like a dumb beast, desperate for affection. Desperate to get away from the cruel whip of his master… But Snoke… Snoke had shown him how to protect himself from the Light. Taught him how to resist it’s poisonous call. Pain was part of his training, using that pain as a tool was what separated the strong from the weak. But the pain that the Light caused. That crippling, mind numbing blindness that scorched his veins… That was unuseable, even by his Master. It was a poison that could only be countered by the Darkness. The punishment for failure was severe. But the punishment for betrayal was worse. And for both? Death was too kind. He would be made to suffer. The pain he thinks he knows so well would seem like a kind mercy compared to what his master will do to him. How Snoke will rend his mind, and when his nerves are burned out, his master will turn to his flesh, will actually lay hands on him and peel back his skin and muscles to scour him as he screams. And then? It will happen over and over again. Until he can no longer tell reality for tormented dreams and is disposed of to waste away in a barren land. Exposed and raw. A slow death that will stretch out for days, if not weeks. Kylo’s hands close into fists, he feels his blunt nails dig into his palms. Tighter he squeezes, until he can feel blood trickling from the crescent shaped marks. His breathing comes harsh and fast as he presses his forehead against his knees. He’s afraid! He can’t! Can’t! Can’t Can’t! “Ben!” Damnably he raises his head. Poe has gotten closer to him, they’re almost nose to nose. “Let me help you Ben,” he pleads softly, a hand gently comes up to cup his face and an involuntary shudder runs through Ren. His heart skips a beat. “Let us help you. Whatever they did to you-” Kylo can’t look at him and turns his face away with a whimper. Damn him. Damn Poe for caring! Damn himself for being so weak! So pathetic! “You asked for help in the forest-” Because he was blinded by pain! Desperate! But oh how he wants it! Longs for it! Would… would he betray his master for it? For that gentle touch? For those softly whispered promises of safety and love? “-Ben please let us-” No. No one can help him. He’s broken. Irredeemable. Yet he wants . He aches and longs for that warmth. That kindness. “We can fix this!” There is no going back. No fixing. He’s ruined everything. He doesn’t deserve the life line that is being offered to him. “Whatever he did to you-” So many things. So many terrible lessons. And it would seem that Ren can’t even manage to apply them. He’s so weak. So worthless. No one would want him. No one could stand him. All that pain. All those years of sacrifice. Wasted. He should have died- “Stop it!” Finn’s voice is sharp and jerks Kylo from his cyclic reasoning. He jumps, flinching at the volume of the command. Shit. He’d been projecting, his control over his own Force abilities is still flimsy at best, another remind of how useless he is. He half expects a blow, a strike as sharp as the former-’Trooper’s tone and he braces for it. No blow comes. He feels a nudge through the Force. It’s Finn, the other man handles the Force like a pup that is still figuring out how to coordinate its limbs. It’s clumsy, but oddly endearing. And warm. So so warm. “What are you so afraid of?” Finn asks, his voice is oddly close and his Force presence is pressing against Ren. Warm. Warm and kind. A strangled noise leaves Ren. Force he wants that warmth! He’s so tired ! So achingly tired! Tired of hurting. Of being afraid. Tap-tap-tap. Pause. Tap. The fingers are warm against his temple and Kylo feels like his chest is going to burst. He wants to scream. To cry out to the stars themselves. But he’s a prisoner in his own head. He’s locked away. Choking on fear. Please don’t! Please don’t hurt me! Don’t ask this of me! Tap-tap-tap. Pause. Tap. Kylo trembles . He can’t! He can’t! I’m afraid! You don’t know what he will do to me! “I’m going to hold you Heartkeeper, okay?” It really isn’t asking for permission, it’s going to happen, unless Ren Force-pushes Poe away. Then Poe’s arms are around him and Kylo gasps, choking on his own breath. His entire body tenses. Too much! Too much! His mind overloads. Warm! Warm! So much! Too much! Smells! Spices and soap and sweat and the faintest hint of engine oil. Poe. His Poe. His Poe that he doesn’t deserve. “Easy Heartkeeper, breathe for me.” A firm, warm hand strokes down then up his back as Kylo’s fingers find and latch onto the pilot’s jumpsuit. His breath comes in short gasps. “I’ve got you. I won’t let anything bad happen to you. Never again.” A choked noise leaves Ren and he finds himself pressing his face against the pilot’s body, his panicked gulps of air accompanied by small, strangled noises. “Shhh. It’s okay Ben. I’m right here. I’m here.” Promise? Promise? Please don’t break that promise! Please not again! It will kill Ren where he sits. Promise this forever? This warmth, this safety ? Warm, warm, warm. Poe is always warm. Good. Kind. Always kind. Always gentle. So gentle. Even when he doesn’t understand. Gentle. The hand on his back stops moving and just hugs him tightly and then another hand goes into his hair. Fingers running through it, gently scratching at his scalp. Kylo rubs his face against Poe’s chest, a keening whimper coming from him. Please. Please. Please. Please. Oh please! “I promise, Ben. My Heartkeeper. I know you’re scared. It’s okay to be scared.” Lips press against a kiss his temple, warm, slightly chapped. Kylo’s breathing stutters as his entire body tenses up. Too much! Too much! He can’t process it! Can’t breathe! The lips pull away and Poe is resting his cheek against Kylo’s head. Scared. Yes. Scared. Always scared. Always hurting! “I won’t hurt you Ben. You know that. I’ll never hurt you.” Promises! Lies! But Poe never lies! The pilot has fallen silent now, Kylo feels his world swaying and he realizes with a start, that he’s being slowly rocked. Poe is humming tunelessly, gently shushing him. Something wet lands on Ren’s head. He looks up and sees that Poe is crying . Trembling fingers unlatch themselves from Poe’s jumpsuit and reach up. Icy digits brush away the tears as gently as they can. “Poe?” Kylo’s voice is a hoarse whisper. “Will you trust me?” Poe’s voice pleads with him. “Trust me one last time?” Kylo’s heart races. Can he? Should he? His mouth works silently for a moment. He wants to! “I-I’m afraid.” “We all are,” Finn’s voice comes from behind him. Kylo tenses, half expecting an attack. But it never comes. Finn keeps talking after a moment. “It’s what you do when you’re afraid that matters.” They’re trying to get him to talk. Trying to gentle him into spilling secrets, he realizes with a jolt of panic. Don’t they understand? Don’t they realize what will happen? Do they even know what Snoke is capable of? “It’s hard,” Finn continues. “I know. It’s damn terrifying.” Slowly Ren pulls away from Poe. Puts space between himself and the other two men. He’s breathing heavily and far too fast. His mouth is dry and vision is blurry as he presses his hands on the ground before him, desperately trying to stabilize himself. They don’t understand! They don’t even begin to realize what they’re asking him to do! What Snoke will- “This is your chance to make it right. To fix things,” Poe gently presses. Kylo shakes his head, an agonized noise leaving him. “You don’t understand!” “Then tell us!” “Can’t!” Kylo bows his head for the floor miserably. “You don’t understand!” “Help us to understand then!” Poe’s voice is rising in volume, trembling. Ren’s anxiety is spreading, permeating the air around them like a gas. “We can’t help you if you don’t let us!” Kylo makes an agonized noise. No one can help you, apprentice. You wouldn’t dare betray, would you? After all I have done for you? Cold hands close around his neck and Kylo sobs dryly. “No. No, please no!” You are mine . “P-please! Please stop!” His throat closes off, and fire races down his spine making him rear up on his knees and claw at himself as he tries to scream. To cry out against the pain. You would betray me? The one who took you in? Who taught you? You would disobey me? “No! No!” Kylo rasps as he desperately tries to get air into his lungs. He’s begging- “Ben!” Poe is scrambling forward, grabbing his face, trying to get their eyes to meet. “Ben look at me! Ben you have to fight it! You have to!” Kill him. Kill them all. Redeem yourself. And then you need never feel this pain again. “No! Please! No! Please don’t make me-” Kylo’s words cut off as he chokes on air. This is it. In this moment. This is how he dies. A broken, wraith of a man. He dies on his knees, begging for mercy, but not for himself. For those precious few he’s betrayed and hurt in the worst way. He’s a failure. A monster. A disgrace to his family’s name. A blight wiped from the galaxy- He feels himself growing cold. This is it. His master will punish him. Destroy him. Piece by piece. Take him apart. Slowly. Painfully. This is how it ends. But if it keeps Poe safe- Then, warmth floods him. The world that had been going black suddenly floods with color. Kylo sucks in a frantic breath. The air is sweet. Safe. His head spins. Cold. Warm. Cold. So cold. “Ben, I love you,” Poe’s voice in his ear. “Please, you have to fight back against this! Don’t let him win!” Him? When did Poe… How? Warmth. The feeling of sunlight. Grass beneath one’s feet. Fresh air. A choice. He has to make a choice. To fight or die. To defy or cower in fear. But if he is good , if he obeys his master then there is nothing to fear. Yet he knows this is a lie. Because no amount of promises from his master have ever brought him relief from the pain. His master blames him . His own inadequacies are his undoing. His downfall. He deserves to suffer. To existence in pain. And yet… Kylo is tired . Tired of the fear. The pain. Waking every day and wondering if this will be the day the Light pulls him down and finally incinerates him alive. The aching loneliness that eats away at his heart. Force help him, he doesn’t want to hurt anymore! No more! No more! He pushes back as hard as he can against the cold, even as it digs its claws in. “No more!” Suddenly he’s tumbling forwards, his entire weight hitting Poe and sending them both to the ground in a tangle of limbs. His world is spinning and Kylo feels uncoordinated as if all his limbs have fallen asleep at once. It’s hard to breathe, and then- warmth! Someone’s hands are on his back and warmth springs forth from them. “Easy. Easy, Ren,” the hands stroke up and down his back. Full palmed touches that send goosebumps from his scalp down to his toes. “Easy. Easy, it’s gone.” Not for long, Kylo knows. His master has his hooks in him. His defiance has only made things worse. So much worse. His master will- “Shh, it’s okay. You did good.” Finn’s voice. That’s Finn talking to him. Why… why is he being kind? Kylo can’t wrap his mind around it. The former-Stormtrooper’s kindness constantly surprises him. Kylo doesn’t understand it at all. Wait. Warmth. That hadn’t been Poe- that had been-! “Easy. Just breathe,” Finn is talking to him, still stroking his back. Poe is kissing his forehead, fingers tangling in his hair. “You did so well Heartkeeper. You made the right choice, you fought back! I’m so proud of you!” Proud? Kylo has made someone, Poe of all people, proud? Confusion floods him. The praise though, it makes a tight, floaty feeling build up in his chest. Good. He’s done good . He takes in a shuddering breath and whimpers softly, pressing his face against Poe’s neck. It all feels like too much again, but in the best way. “Shh. It’s over. It’s over, just rest a moment,” Finn tells him. Questions flood Ren’s mind, but he can’t seem to manage to make his mouth work to ask them. Kylo finds himself unable to fight the utterly boneless feeling that takes over his body. He’s a little afraid of crushing Poe, but the pilot shifts them so they’re lying on their sides and slowly the tension leaks out of the knight. “Help me,” Ren whispers and Poe hugs him a little tighter. “Help me, help me, help me. I don’t want to go back! I don’t!” “Shh, it’s okay Ben. You don’t have to. You’re safe right here. Shh, easy Heartkeeper,” Poe promises him. --- It takes Poe and Finn the better part of two hours to calm down the knight. It takes two hours of quiet talking and gentle touches to stop Ren’s shaking, to reassure him that he’s going to be all right,that they won’t send him back to Snoke. Finn has his doubts about how well they can keep that promise, this is the third time in four days he’s seen that toxic black abyss try to consume the knight. If that is really Snoke’s Force presence then there may be no saving Ren from it. But Finn keeps these thoughts to himself. For the time being he just focuses on trying to calm Ren down. It’s bizarrely fascinating how starved for warmth and touch he is, how he presses against Poe and whimpers, how he trembles at the soft grazing of Finn’s Force presence. He can’t seem to stop shivering, it’s like he’s experiencing some sort of mild hypothermia. His speech is slurred, more feral noises than proper words. And a few times Finn is certain that Ren has started to speak in an alien tongue as he shakes and his eyes roll back in his head. When he does manage to speak Basic it’s a frantic mantra of “pleasepleasepleaseplease”. What exactly Ren is begging for Finn can’t tell. But finally he quiets, the worst of the shaking stops and he grows quiet, just lying in Poe’s arms, breathing frantically. They let him have the quiet and then, when he pulls away from Poe, help him to stand and get him back to the cot. Now, he is perching on the edge of the cot, shivering still, despite that Poe has gotten a thick blanket out of the small closet in the corner of the room. Kylo Ren looks honestly terrified, his eyes are wide and his hair a mess and he’s staring at Finn as if the other man as sprouted an additional arms from his head. “What?” Finn asks with a frown as he crosses his arms, regarding the knight. He’s beginning to wonder if Ren can still see shadows and movement from his blinded eye, it still twitches and seems to at least be able to follow his motions. Kylo tilts his head to the side, his scrutiny intensifying as his brow furrows. Finn doesn’t like that. Maz had looked at him the same way, had crawled clear across the table to study him. He really hopes that Ren is not about to give him the same treatment. “You…” Kylo’s voice is hoarse as his eyes narrow a bit and he leans forward so he and Finn are nearly nose to nose. Finn shifts his weight but holds the knight’s gaze. Even as Kylo tilts his head the other way and at an angle Finn isn’t quite sure any normal human should be able to pull off. He can feel the knight’s Force power suddenly surging around them. It’s as if the vornskr from inside Ren’s broken mind is pacing about and investigating him. Finn can practically hear the giant canine sniffing at him and nudging at his side in an attempt to get a reaction from him. But despite this, despite that Finn knows he should be utterly terrified right now. He isn’t. This doesn’t feel like a posturing competition. In fact, the knight seems more curious than anything, despite his intense expression. Finn takes hold of the Force, it’s clumsy and unrefined, and as carefully as he can, presents it to Ren. Like he’s holding out his hand for the vornskr to sniff at. Kylo blinks, pulling back slightly and then straightens, his hands going from where they were clutching at the blanket draped around his shoulders to slightly outstretched before him. His fingers tremble minutely, as if they are tracing over invisible fabric. More snuffling and sniffing by the vornskr. And then… a nudge. A bit rougher than before. Almost… playful? Finn isn’t really sure how to react. Hell he’s been guessing at everything so far, flying by the seat of his pants (he’s certain Poe would approve if only he knew), and is almost afraid to hurt the other man, who is clearly anything but stable. Just ten minutes ago he’d been a shaking and incoherent mess and now Ren is prodding at him with the Force. How much energy, how much effort does it take Ren to do this? How is he able to recover so quickly? Then again he had taken a bowcaster bolt to the side and fought both Finn and Rey in the forest of Starkiller, probably while being in a damaged state of mind. Was… Was Ren used to mistreatment, used to being abused and then having to quickly regain his footing? Was this a survival mechanism? Finn feels a surge of sympathy go through him. The Stormtrooper program had stressed a quick recovery time, fast reactions and regrouping. He’d seen many of his fellow ‘Troopers fall short, not able to handle the mental stress, the psychological demands. It still gave Finn nightmares sometimes. The vornskr nudges at him again, making a small huffing noise from deep in its chest. Finn can’t help but smile and then, trying to manage the amount of power he uses, nudges back. Ren’s face breaks out into a smile . An honest to goodness smile and Finn is pretty certain that snow is falling on Mustafar at this moment. “I knew it!” The knight whispers. “Knew what?” Poe asked as he came over to them, he’d been tending to the tea he’d prepared earlier and offered Kylo the mug. The knight took it, sniffed at it cautiously and then cradled the mug to his chest with a soft moan that sounded strangely like ‘ you remembered ’ and bowing his head so the steam hit his face. When he glances back up at them, he looks equal parts afraid and awed. Ren chews on his tongue for several minutes as Poe picks up the rest of his forgotten sandwich from earlier and continues eating it. “You,” the knight says softly, pointing a finger at Finn but refusing to let go of the mug. “I’d heard about beings like you,” he bites at his lip, brow furrowing again as if he’s uncertain as to how he should continue. “Like me?” Finn didn’t like the sound of that. But Ren was nodding, his expression one of great concentration. Finn can practically hear the gears grinding as the other man tries to find the right words. As he tries to vocalize this… concept? “I thought they were a myth,” Kylo glances at Finn, eyes darting to Poe and then, briefly, to the little droid that was cautiously watching them. “I had read about beings like you, in remnants of the Jedi archives. I… “ he stops again, his fingers worrying at the mug, clutching it tightly. “Easy. Take your time,” Poe reaches out and gently rubs Kylo’s arm. The knight flinches, his breath hitching and he almost spills the mug of tea. A tremor runs through him and he swallows heavily before speaking again. “You,” he points at Finn again. “You’re … gray .” “Gray?” Finn made a face. What the hell did that mean? Ren nods vigorously, his next words come in a rush, as if he’s afraid of being overhead. “I thought I felt something different… How the Force moves around you. You’re neither a child of Light nor Darkness. That’s… that’s why my master cannot attack you. He is baffled by you. Perhaps… “ Ren’s voice drops into a whisper. “Perhaps even frightened.” “Wait, wait wait. Your master, Snoke. The Supreme Lead, is intimidated by me ? I found out I was Force-Sensitive a week ago!” “And yet you have managed to manipulate the Force to meet your needs,” Kylo’s dark eyes meet Finn’s and he’s speaking in a rush again. “You’re strong. You don’t- You didn’t-” He bites of his words, his shoulders hunching. Kylo swallows heavily and tenses. He blinks rapidly for several seconds and Finn can feel the anxiety radiating off him. Secret. There is a secret there. Something Ren is hiding. But what? The knight continues after a moment. “You are balanced. You are untrained, unaware of how the Force works and yet you have managed feats that apprentices struggle with for years. You… you’re reacting on pure instinct. Not by your emotions, but by intent. You-” he shook his head, falling silent. “So what are you saying? This is good isn’t it? This gives us an advantage right?” Poe asks through a mouthful of sandwich. Kylo raises his eyebrows and stares down at his mug of tea. “I… I do not know.” He presses a hand to his forehead, wincing, and Finn can sense the dizziness that is threatening to overwhelm the knight. This is the longest conversation they’ve managed to have since his capture, it is stressful for the other man. Difficult even. So much has happened, perhaps too much. It makes the world blur and reality hiccup before his eyes. “Hey,” Finn says, slowly reaching out and then cupping his hands around the one that Kylo holds the mug in. The knight tenses, but doesn’t flinch. Finn wants to think that’s progress, but doesn’t want to get ahead of himself. “Let’s not worry about what it means for now. Let’s just take this one step at a time.” The knight gives him a grateful look and Finn feels the shy nudge of appreciation through the Force. --- Kylo says nothing more for the remainder of the evening and Finn is perfectly content to let him have his quiet. Poe encourages the knight to eat after he finishes the tea and much to Finn’s surprise, Ren devours the food. He eats quickly, practically inhaling the food and Finn is surprised he doesn’t choke on it. It takes convincing on Poe’s part, but after a second cup of the tea, Ren seems much more at ease. So much so that he allows Poe sit on the cot behind him and brush his hair. The knight’s eyes drift shut under Poe’s careful touch and soft humming whimpers leave him. Poe whispers comforting things to him all the while and before long Ren is slumped over and tipped sideways, his head in Poe’s lap and the pilot continues to care for him. The entire scene seems oddly domestic, like Poe has somehow tamed the terrifying vornskr that Ren sees himself as. Finn feels like he’s intruding, but he can’t bring himself to leave. Mostly because he’s fascinated by Ren. The knight is projecting through the Force and for the first time Finn sees that it is different. The undercurrent of fear is still there, the worry that he will be consumed by pain again. And pain comes. Small, random bursts that make his limbs twitch and his breath hitch, but Poe is there, soothing it away. And Kylo radiates gratitude, and… love? It’s cautious. Hopeful. And Finn can hear the knight’s quiet mental mantra. Please be real. Please, please, please. How surprising that Kylo Ren could be brought to heel by something as simple as a gentle touch. Then again, had Ren not saved Finn from his mind out of gratitude for his kindness? Perhaps it was not such a strange concept, to gentle a monster. Something bumps Finn’s knee and he looks down, finding himself face to face with a vornskr with a scar over it’s right eye. He glances at Poe, who seems not to notice, he’s focused on stroking Ren’s temples. Looking back at the beast, it bumps his knee again and Finn has to question his own sanity. Perhaps he’s simply exhausted? You were kind to me. The canine rests is jowls on Finn’s knee. Thank you. I do not deserve kindness… Not from anyone. Least of all you. Finn smiles faintly. This is some sort of Force-telepathy, has to be. Perhaps it is easier for Ren to communicate like this? Less stressful and intimidating? They’ve all been through a lot. None of it is clean cut or simple black and white. And while Ren is terrifying, he seems like he wants to make this right. It seems like he has his own demons to battle, if the state of his mind is any indication. There is good inside the frightened monster. The monster that was molded and crafted from terror and pain. Everyone deserves a chance, even you, Finn thinks at the beast. He stands then, stretching and Poe glances up at him. “I’m going to take a break for a bit. I’ll leave you two be. Comm me if you need me.” “Of course,” Poe says, he’s smiling slightly and has got that lovestruck look in his eyes. As Finn turns to leave a hand shoots out and catches the edge of his jacket. He turns in surprise to see Ren looking up at him. The knight’s eyes are unfocused, dazed but in a good way. A peaceful way. “Thank you,” the knight whispers, he sucks in a breath, it’s oddly labored. Thank you for not hurting me. Chapter 7 Notes: Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it. -Kevyn Aucoin "To Gentle A Monster" will continue as a series throughout 2017 There is a fanart contest running for this fic! Full details can be found here Due Date is January 16th! The mission request could not have come at a worse time. They had been making progress! Real progress! Kylo had been slowly coming around, showing more and more signs of being Ben again. He had been talking a little bit more each day, his seizures had come to a stop and he was letting Poe touch him, even interacting with Finn more readily. The two Force-Sensitives seemed to be bonding and Kylo was even smiling a bit! But the fight against the First Order, the fight to rally the rest of the now leaderless Republic, didn’t cease just because the prodigal son had returned home. The day that Poe had been called into the emergency meeting Ben had gone completely still and silent. He’d mumbled something about a nightmare, and his face had been drained of the little color it had gained back in the past few days. He hadn’t wanted to eat breakfast and looked on the verge of tears. He hadn’t even wanted to interact with Finn, he’d closed himself off, a thick wall of fog blocked Finn from his mind. When Poe had returned, he’d pulled Finn out of Kylo room to talk with him and Finn was certain that he’d heard the distant, sad, howl of the vornskr that Kylo projected. If there was ever shit timing for something, this was it. But Poe had his orders, had his mission, and he was a pilot. He was married to the stars, even if his heart was grounded with someone as dark and despair filled as Kylo Ren. “Ben?” Poe sat in front of the knight now. Ren’s eyes shifted ever so slightly, but other than that he gave no acknowledgement that he was aware he was being spoken to. “Ben, Heartkeeper,” Poe reached out and gently cupped the other man’s scarred face in his hands. Ren flinched at the touch and then, slowly, both brown and blind eyes raised up to look at him. The expression on the knight’s face was fearful, like that of a beast expecting to be beaten. Or worse, left behind. Like a dog at a pound. Poe smiled sadly, feeling his heart break. He pressed his forehead against Ben’s. “I love you, Ben,” he whispered, feeling his voice threatening to give way, wobbling and cracking. “I love you so much. I never stopped. I… I’m going to have to go away for a while. I have a mission they’re sending me on. Finn is going to look after you, help you while I’m gone, okay?” Kylo’s throat worked, he swallowed tersely. But no noise left him. He trembled, but made no move to reach out to the pilot. Poe stroked his hair back and pressed a kiss to the knight’s forehead. “I’ll be back, I promise. It’ll-It’ll all be okay.” Then he stood and pulled away, fighting back tears as he did. It took all his effort, all his restraint to leave as the tiny whimper left Ren’s throat. The door clicked shut behind him and Finn glanced at him, the former ‘Trooper had been waiting outside. “It’s done.” Poe asked as he took a shaky breath. “Are you doing okay?” Finn asked, putting a hand on his friend’s arm. “Not at all,” Poe brushed the heel of his hand at his eyes. “I didn’t think it would be this hard.” Finn smiled faintly. “Don’t worry, I’ll take care of him,” he pulled him into a tight hug. He could sense, from the other side of the closed door, the mounting storm of confusion and anxiety emanating from Ren. “It’s not just him I’m worried about,” Poe held Finn a little tighter. “I… I couldn’t stand it if something happened to you. I’d never forgive myself.” He’d lost Ben once, and still might never get him back. If Finn suffered a similar fate or worse, if things deteriorated and Poe lost both of them, he didn’t know what he would do. “Hey,” Finn pulled back a bit and rested his forehead against Poe’s. “You just worry about your mission. You worry about flying well and coming home safe. That’s all you worry about. I’ve got this,” he said with more confidence than he felt. Inside the room he could feel Kylo’s emotions rising, the pressure building like a bomb ready to go off. Poe needed to leave. Now, before Kylo let loose all he’d been holding back. Finn hugged Poe one last time and the pilot ran down the corridor, towards the hanger to rendezvous with Jessika Pava. Finn watched him go and let out a slow breath and leaned his back against the door to Kylo’s room. He wasn’t suicidal enough to go inside the room in this moment, he needed to wait for the storm to pass, he had to time this exactly right. Poe had been right when he’d warned Finn in the hall. Him leaving would push Ren into distress. From the moment he entered the meeting room and stood with a handful of his fellow pilots before the generals of the Resistance, he had realized that somehow, Kylo must have sensed what was about to happen. To leave when things were in such a crucial state. Too tense and too fragile all at once. It would seem like a betrayal. It would damage the fragile trust that he had worked to rebuild with the knight. Finn could feel it, nearly at the crescendo now, and he tried not to think about what he had to do next. Poe had apologized over and over again. He’d felt so badly about Finn having to be the one that handled the fallout from this. But then again Finn could handle Ren with the necessary roughness that was required, the “tough love”, as Poe had called it. Finn had no love for the knight, empathy perhaps but he also knew that if Ren stagnated now, he would not grow. There would be no rehabilitation, and worse, no saving him from his delayed fate, unless the knight continued to move forward. And that would have to happen, with or without Poe present. Kylo would have to learn to function without the other man as a crutch, he would have to be able to speak and interact with others, interact without depending on the Force to communicate his thoughts. His own survival within the Resistance demanded it. Most of those who were Force-blind would not appreciate the tidal waves of emotion that Ren tended to project to communicate his emotions. It would cause mass panic if he did that among others and the misunderstandings that followed would do more harm than good. While the Resistance may be strongly rooted in the idea of the Jedi and the Light Side of the Force, just as the Rebellion before them had been, a lone candle of hope in the darkness, they would not take readily to Kylo’s affiliation with the Dark Side. The path before the knight was not an easy one and his main support had just been lost, leaving him with only Finn, and the former ‘Trooper could only hope he was up to the task. While they’d fought on Starkiller Base, they had been enemies at the time and Finn had never been tortured by Ren. Never had his mind ripped open by the terrifying man, and had also never loved the boy he once was. That came across in startling clarity as Finn could snarl, could push back at the knight when the situation required it, something Poe seemed to struggle with doing. That “tough love” factor again that had come out over the past few days as they’d interacted more and more with Ren. And to a degree, Finn worried about the pilot. Poe needed space. Finn suspected, no, he knew , annoyingly enough, that in the chaos of his escape and the battle of Starkiller Base, that Poe had put his own wellbeing on the backburner. There had been no time to recenter himself and work through things. Now, it was more important than ever that he do so. Especially as Kylo started his recovery. If Poe wasn’t careful, he would burn himself out entirely or worse. He needed breathing room, to be able clear his head. This mission with Jessicka would do just that. Poe was close to her, the other pilot would be good company for him. A breath of fresh air after the stress of working with Ren. Not that Poe ever complained. Not that he ever seemed to be anything other than overjoyed to interact with Kylo, but Finn knew all the same. He knew Poe was strong, and he cared. Perhaps too much. His heart was too big it seemed. Sooner or later he and Kylo would have to work through what had happened. Would have to face it, painful as it would be. But for now- There was a sound of something shattering in the room and Finn took a deep breath, closing his eyes to try and stay calm. He had to be calm here. Firm yes. Unyielding. But calm. Ren’s worldview was distorted and it showed in his reactions to the people around him. A strange sort of hypervigilance. Finn felt a small ripple in the Force. It didn’t stay small for long, it grew. The ripple became a splash. Then a tidal wave. And then, a full on tsunami and the very air of the hallway Finn stood in seemed to thicken. The explosion of Force energy that came next was accompanied by a howl . A scream of a creature frustrated, confused and in pain. The explosion flung Finn forward to the ground, knocking the breath from his chest. The door to the room flew open, its hinges barely holding on to the wall. Alarms went off, electronics shorted out, the lights overhead burst and the hallway and Kylo’s room were plunged into darkness. Finn lay on the ground for a moment, trying to get air back into his lungs. The emergency lights tried to flicker on, but they too, were shattered and only sparks came from their exposed wiring. Then, as the dust settled and Finn was able to pick himself back up, the crying could be heard. The too fast breathing of utter panic, the sobs that were watery and so powerful that they threatened to choke the person emitting them on tears and snot as their voice pitched into a short wail of heartbreak. The Force itself, seemed to seemed to waver and wobble with the cries of pain as their pitch peaked and dipped, punctuated by harsh coughing that turned into ugly, blubbering sobs. Finn took a deep breath in and reach out into the Darkness. It wasn’t just the lack of lights, the Force itself seemed to have manifested around the knight, a physical actualization of the fog that had been guarding Kylo Ren’s mind. The fog parted as Finn moved forwards, using the Force to guide him. To find Ren. Not that it was difficult. The knight was in the center of the room, kneeling with his head clutched in his hands. “Ren?” Finn crouched in front of him. No response other than a continued sobbing. Finn frowned. He took a deep breath, searching himself, finding the small bit of compassion he held for the knight. Except that he found, that it wasn’t really all that small anymore. If sympathy for the other man had influenced his judgement, Finn wasn’t sure. Perhaps it had to do with both of them being connected to the Force? He had to admit, Ren was hardly the person he’d been before. He certainly wasn’t the boy Poe had known, although there were glimmers of that, but he certainly didn’t present as the feared leader of the Knights of Ren anymore either. How much of the latter had been posturing and acting the Finn didn’t know. But he needed to find out. Needed to get Ren to communicate. To move forward. “Kylo?” Finn tried again, this time reaching out, both physically and through the Force. He put a hand on the fallen knight’s arm and tried to chanel comfort through the Force. “Kylo, look at me.” Oh. Finn almost recoiled, but fought the urge. Oh the pain was potent! Chokingly so. And when Kylo raised his eyes to stare at Finn in the darkness, the former ‘Trooper felt his throat tighten as Ren’s emotions flooded him, unfettered and unmoderated. --- Poe was gone! Poe had left! It was his fault! He’d done something wrong, ruined things again! Or… perhaps the pilot had finally wised up? Realized and remembered what a monster Kylo Ren truly was? The guilt that had been gradually fading had returned with a renewed potency when Kylo had recalled the damage he’d done to the man who loved him. To his family. It had opened a trapdoor and dragged the knight down . All he could do was wail as the guilt hit him like a punch in the gut. A cycle of loathing and self hatred had consumed him. He destroyed everything he touched! He ruined everything! All for what? For the promise of relief from a phantom pain that he probably deserved from a past life? He deserved all the pain he had experienced. Kindness was too good for him. He was a monster. He could never forget that. A terrible creature who hurt everyone. A beast that deserved to die! And now, now even Poe had given up on him! He didn’t deserve Poe. Didn’t deserve kindness or good things. He deserved to be alone. Alone in the Darkness. Not even the Light wanted him, why else would it burn him and rend his mind to pieces as it did? He was foul, a blight. Poe deserved better that a murderer. Better than a monster. It was good that Poe was gone. That he had left and never looked back. His mother deserved better. His father had. His uncle too. There was no way to make this right. No way to fix this. To undo all the evil he’d done. To repent for the lives he’d taken. To salvage the damage he’d inflicted on those who had once loved him. This pain. This terrible soul-devouring pain was all he deserved. Even death would be too great a mercy- “Stop it!” Suddenly Finn was before him, grabbing his shoulders and shaking him and through the cold, wet fog of his mind, Kylo felt a blast of warmth. Not Light. It didn’t sear his mind. Didn’t make him want to rend himself limb from limb. Kylo found himself gasping for breath, tears streaming from his eyes, snot dripping from his nose and his trembling hands had latched onto Finn’s arms as the other man shook him, holding on for dear life. “Stop it!” Finn repeated. “Doing this doesn’t make it better! It doesn’t help anyone!” Ren flinched at his tone, eyes snapping shut and head ducking in anticipation of being struck. But no blow came and the shaking stopped. Slowly, Kylo raised his eyes up to glance at the other man. His mouth worked but words couldn’t come out. They were stuck in his throat. A whimper left him and he tried to reach out through the Force. “No,” Finn said sternly. “Words. You have to use words.” A noise of frustration left Kylo and he felt the sobs starting to build in his chest again. The ache of guilt, the fear of losing everything and the pain of it all starting to snowball again. He always said the wrong thing! It was easier to communicate through the Force! He’ll mess this up like he does everything else! Then even Finn will leave! “Kylo,” Finn repeats, looking him in his eyes. His tone gentled, but remained unyielding. “You have to. I can’t help you otherwise.” Kylo stares at him, dumbfounded. Hurt. Confused. Finn… Finn wants to help? But… Why? The shorter man baffles Ren and confuses him. Finn has been kind to him when he least deserved it. And now, here he is again and Kylo does not understand! What does he want? Why would Finn stay when Poe has left? Kylo knows they care about each other, those feelings, while ignored, have not changed. So why didn’t Finn leave with Poe? Just leave him behind? He doesn’t understand! “Come on, Kylo,” Finn is speaking to him again and Ren realizes he’s started sobbing and his head bows until his chin nearly touches his chest. “Come on, you have to. Talk to me. It’ll help.” The words crowd in Kylo’s mind, pressing too many, too fast, to the forefront of it. “Talk to me, Kylo. You can do it.” Other people, they won't understand, communicating like this. They'll get scared. Finn presses the silent sentiment to him, it gentle. Encouraging. Nudging him in that direction, giving him some solidarity to cling to. Finn’s voice is different than Poe’s. Soft, but stern. But not so harsh that Ren fears repercussions. Not so aggressive that Ren fears him. There is a gentle persistence though. No, an insistance that if Kylo does this it will help. It will be a step forward. Things can somehow be made right , if only he talks ! Because by talking, you help me, help you. The words press into his mind, warm and compassionate and a shudder takes over Ren’s body. He wants to lean forward, to press against Finn, like a dog seeking comfort, but Finn holds him at arm’s length. “Talk to me.” Kylo makes a choking noise. His throat feels closed off. His tongue twists. “He-” Kylo’s voice is rough, and sounds alien to his own ears. He coughed, tasting the salt of snot and tears in the back of his throat, his head bowing again, eyes squeezing shut. “He’s gone!” the words come out in a forced shout. “He-He left because I scare him! I’m a monster!” Suddenly Kylo felt himself being pulled forwards and he realized he’s being hugged tightly by the shorter man. “W-Wha-” he can barely manage the word. But then a more important one comes to mind and his fingers cling to the sleeves of Finn’s shirt. “ Why?" “Because you’re trying,” Finn tells him and Kylo detect a note of… Pity? Sympathy? He can’t tell. What Finn says next surprises him even more. “You’re not a monster Kylo. Poe will be back,” Finn pulls away a bit and Ren glances at him. “You did some bad shit. I’m not going to lie to you and coddle you and tell you that you didn’t. You hurt people. Both Poe and I--” Ren drops his eyes but Finn puts a finger under his chin and raises his head back up. “Listen to me,” he says, again, stern, but not cruel. Kylo feel his stomach tense slightly. “You hurt us, but we know you have remorse. We know you want to make it right. And I know, just how hard that is.” Kylo tries to drop his gaze again but Finn doesn’t let him and cups his face with one hand, pushing his hair out of his face with the other. Kylo feels a flood of warmth go through him. Finn was kind to him. He liked that, liked that it made him feel secure. Poe was comforting, but Finn, the other Force-Sensitive was the one who steadied him. Stabilized him in a way that Poe simply couldn’t. “You don’t have to do it alone, okay? These things take time. It takes time for people to heal. Not just Poe, not just Leia or me, but you too,” Finn continues and Kylo stops trying to pull away as the words sink in. He searches for the trap. For the lie. The trick. The betrayal. But he can’t find it. And that terrifies Kylo Ren more than anything. “Me?” his voice breaks as he searches Finn’s expression in the darkness. “Yeah. You too,” Finn smiles slightly and Kylo can hear the compassion in his voice. Slowly the knight slumps forward and Finn lets him press his scarred face against his chest. Finn doesn’t comfort like Poe does, but that’s okay. Finn is warm. Finn is kind. Kylo likes that. --- “Poe’s going to come back, right?” Kylo asks a few hours later when the lights have been repaired and the dust has fully settled. They’re both sitting on Kylo’s bed in his room. Finn had given him a reprieve from having to talk, letting him have a comforting silence for a little while. But now… now Kylo itched to speak. To try, because if he tried, perhaps he could fix things. And he desperately, desperately wants to fix things. He doesn't want to go back to his master! “I… I didn’t scare him away?” “He will come back. He’s on a recon mission with Jessika,” Finn tells him. Kylo turns this piece of knowledge over in his mind for a few seconds. “The nightmare,” he murmurs. Finn rubs a hand on the back of his neck. Ah, now me might get some more perspective on Ren's state of mind. “Do you know what the nightmare was about?” The knight shook his head, biting his lip. “I realized it after he left for the meeting. Could sense it, but didn’t know why, just that he was leaving . The Force, it just gives bits and pieces sometimes.” Guilt starts to eat away at his chest again and turn his stomach into knots. Finn reaches out to him and his fingers brush against Kylo’s knee, the knight glances at him. “Did I push him away? Did I ruin things?” Ren asks in a quiet whisper. He knows Finn has already said this was a recon mission, but still he has to hear it again. He needs that reassurance. Finn holds onto the answer for that question. Yes, Kylo Ren had ruined a lot of lives, but in this instance? “No Kylo. It’s just a mission,” Finn tells him. Silence falls between them and then Finn speaks again. “I need to know something Kylo, I need you to be honest with me.” Ren chews on his lip again as he glances at Finn and tilts his head. “We both know Poe cares about you, but,” he almost hates to ask this, yet he needs to know. “Do you care about him? Do you love him?” Kylo tenses, his eyes widening slightly and then he looks away. Finn fears the worst but, then, softly, Kylo speaks. He sniffles loudly and brushes irritably at his eyes as he does. “I never stopped.” Finn can only stare in disbelieve. Kylo Ren is sitting here, crying over his love for the pilot and before he could stop it the words leave his mouth, “But you tortured him! How can you say that you love him?” The knight gives him a look of pure betrayal, of hurt and bows his head, sniffling again and huffing softly. His fingers knot and twist in the bedding and then he looks up at Finn. “You-” he shakes his head, huffing again. “You don’t understand! It's not like you think!” “You tore into his head!” “I tried to do it as quickly as I could! I took the brunt of the pain!” Kylo snaps at him and then goes still, eyes wide, terrified that he’d raised his voice. His shoulders slump and he seems to shrink before Finn’s very eyes. “I didn’t want to hurt him! I tried to protect him! I-” he bites his words off and he drops his gaze. “You… you can do that?” Finn asked quietly. Ren actually was able to divert pain with the Force? Among all the other fantastical things the man before him was capable of, this one made Finn pause. Ren could take pain from others with the Force, for some reason that idea made Finn uncomfortable, uneasy. “The Force can do many things, it is not simple. It never is," Kylo glances up at him and nods, his eyes brimming with tears again. "The Force is strong in my family. Controlling it however,” he shakes his head, his voice is a whisper. “That does not come so easily. It is all I can do some days to not be devoured by it.” He draws one long leg up so his knee is hugged against his chest. A massive sigh leaves the knight and he shivers. “What do you mean by devoured?” Finn asked, not sure if he wanted to know the answer. “Driven mad,” Kylo says after a moment. “Or if I’m lucky my body will be ripped apart by the sheer power that I’m attempting to channel and contain.” “But can’t you close yourself off from it? Can’t you, you know, mediate the flow? Like a dam?” Kylo snorts and shakes his head, his shoulders shaking and Finn realizes that the other man is laughing . There is no sound as his body shudders, his mouth open slightly as he silently laughs. It is the strangest thing Finn has ever seen. It’s one thing to laugh silently from laughing too hard, but this doesn’t seem to be the case. “That,” Kylo finally says, keeping his eyes downcast. “That, is not how the Force works!” Finn debates mentioning that Han Solo had said those exact same words to him on Starkiller, but decides against it. He doesn’t want Ren to spiral further downwards, not when he’s finally talking. Unlike Han Solo, though, there didn’t seem to be any anger or frustration in Ren’s voice. If anything the knight was amused by Finn’s ignorance. Finn looks at him and sees Ren watching him out of the corner of his eye. For a long moment Finn considers throwing it back at the knight. Challenging him. After all, if Ren was so wise in the ways of the Force, why doesn’t he just go ahead and show Finn how it was done? The words are right there on his lips, but Finn holds them back. Too soon. It was too soon to even joke about something like that, let alone suggest it seriously. The moment passes. “I’m sure my uncle will explain the Force to you when you go to him,” Kylo murmurs as he picks at little fuzz balls on the top of the blanket. “Why would I go to see Luke Skywalker?” “He is the last Jedi,” there is a touch of exasperation in Ren’s voice. As if it should be obvious, and a hint of sadness colors his tone. “Why wouldn’t you go to train under him? It’s not like there is anyone else who can teach you.” Finn gives him a long, considerate look. He could say it. State the obvious. He’s not sure if Ren is baiting him to it or not. He can’t tell, he’s not good enough with the Force yet to read people and decipher their true intentions. So for now, he says nothing on the matter and instead stands. “Poe showed me how to make that tea for you, would you like some?” he offers. It has been a long and trying day for both of them. If he can keep the knight at ease then his plans for tomorrow will go much smoother. Kylo seems to perk up at the offer of tea, but it is clear that he’s trying not to look too hopeful, as he looks up at Finn, biting his lip. It seems to be a nervous habit Ren has, how he’s not chewed the skin bloody yet, Finn doesn’t know, but the gesture seems to de-age him a bit. It makes it easier to see the boy Poe once knew in him. “Please?” --- Finn had meant to go back to his own quarters. He really had. But after the tea Kylo had relaxed. Finn had seen it happen before, when Poe had made it. But this time, it was different somehow. Perhaps because Poe was not there to touch and talk to the knight, perhaps because Finn was tasked with the emotionally trying undertaking of encouraging Kylo Ren to communicate and grow when his main support had been yanked out from under him. Or maybe it was because Finn had been inside Ren’s head and he had seen what chaos it was in and now, seeing Ren trust him enough to let down his guard without Poe present… There was something about it that made the former ‘Trooper’s chest tighten slightly. He watched in small awe as the tension and anxiety leaked out of Ren, bit by bit, until he was pliant and slouching, resting his back against the wall that his bed was pressed against. Ren’s eyes had a far away look in them and every few minutes he would sigh heavily. Finn didn’t know what to do or say, so he’d just sat awkwardly on the edge of the bed, half-watching the knight. Pushing Kylo to talk now didn’t seem like the thing to do. The other man seemed to thrive on silence and perhaps in this moment, after the day that they’d had, that was best. It was when one of the sighs Ren let out stuttered that Finn saw the tears slipping down his face. He straightened, concerned. “Ren?” The knight put a hand to his mouth, as if to silence himself. To hide whatever he might be tempted to say. Lock it away. Suddenly, Finn knew what to do. He scooted back on the bed and placed himself in front of the knight. Kylo’s eyes were squeezed tightly shut, as if he was trying to shut something out. Or shut himself down. There was a whirlwind of fear, of a storm brewing within the taller man that didn’t have an outlet. That wasn’t allowed to be shown. Finn reached out to him and lightly rested his fingers on top of the hand that Kylo had clamped over his mouth. “You don’t have to keep it in,” Finn told him softly and he applied the slightest pressure to Kylo’s hand, to make a motion of pushing his hand away from his mouth. Trying to encourage the other man to ungag himself. Have to! Ren’s words were sobbed and frantic as they echoed in Finn’s head. “Why? Who told you that?” Finn pressed, trying to keep his voice, his posture, unthreatening. He moved the hand that was resting over Ren’s to his wrist, making the demand for the other man’s voice not as immediate. Kylo shook his his head, a muffled noise of distress coming from him. Can’t! Punishment… “You won’t be punished,” Finn reassures him, he moves his hand to gently rub Kylo’s upper arms, watching the tears continue to spill from his eyelids. “Kylo, it’s okay. You’re safe here. I promise.” Finn’s own words take him by surprise. Since Kylo Ren had stumbled onto the base that night almost two weeks ago now, nothing, Finn was finding, was as expected. Not even his own actions and reactions. “You can trust me,” Finn puts his finger tips back over Kylo’s hand and lightly tugs at it. Bit by bit, Kylo’s hand falls away and his mouth is open, panting for breath, he’s close to hyperventilating, Finn realizes. “Easy. You’re fine,” Finn promises, resting his hand on Ren’s knee. It is then that the dam breaks and harsh, ugly sobs leave the knight. His hands scrub at his face, and they go to cover his mouth and then pull back to rub at the tears streaming from his eyes. “Kylo who told you to keep silent?” Another sob, the knight covers his mouth again and then, as if struggling with himself, pulls it away. “My-My master. He-he said that if I didn’t- if I betrayed him-” Kylo is hiccuping now from the the force of his sobs. “-the pain, the pain will n-never stop!” Finn feels like someone dropped ice into his stomach. Kylo Ren is sitting before him, guard down and bawling his eyes out, Finn didn’t think that it was possible for one man to hold that many tears inside him. He made a note to make sure Kylo drank a glass of water once this emotional storm had passed. “Said I-” Ren was speaking through gritted teeth, his fingers knotted in his hair, clawing at his scalp. “-I need to keep it inside. Keep it all inside.” “Keep what inside Ren?” Finn reached out and tried to ease Kylo’s fingers out of his hair. To his surprise, Kylo let his arms be pulled down, bloody fingertips gripped Finn’s wrists tightly as the knight raised his eyes. “ Everything ,” Ren’s voice cracked. “Always alone ! Everyone left! And those that didn’t- I--I-” he bowed his head. “I hurt them! I hate it! I hate it! I hate myself ! What I am! What I’ve become! And then Poe-” the tears start again and Finn aches for the tormented man before him. Snoke being one’s master was something far worse than he had imagined it might be. “Poe loves you,” he tells Ren. “He always believed you’d come back.” “He shouldn’t! He has you ! Why would he want me when he has, you !” It almost sounds like an accusation the way it leaves Ren’s lips in a half shout as he breaks down into sobs again. There are more words but they’re lost to the watery cries and hiccups that are consuming the larger man. “Kylo-” “DON’T CALL ME THAT!” the knight suddenly jerks away, drawing his knees up against his chest and hiding his face against them. “Don’t! I hate that name! I hate it! My master made me-” a sob left him again. “He promised if I gave it all up-then-then it would st-stop!” A coldness surrounds Finn then, like a vacuum has sucked all the heat from the room. I want to be me again! But I’ve lost it all! I ruined and destroyed everything! Finn leans forward then and bodily pulls Kylo into a hug. Kylo struggles for a moment, grunting and whimpering against it, but Finn is strong and from this position has a lower center of gravity. In the end he wins and the knight is holding tightly to him, sobbing his heart out and Finn rubs a hand up and down his back in an effort to soothe him. “Listen to me,” he tells Ren. “Just listen, Poe chose you. He loves you. He stood up for you before the council. He believes in you, and-” Finn pauses just briefly to search his heart. To search his feelings. Make sure his next words are true. “And so do I, Ben.” The fallen knight had raised his head then and stared at the shorter man. Finn tried his best to project warmth and comfort to him through the Force, and from the full body shudder that ran through Kylo- no. No, Finn corrected himself mentally. If this was going to work, if the man struggling before him was to ever recover and reclaim himself, that mean that Finn had to give him the chance to. Had to change his own thinking. Ben. “It won’t be easy, it’s not gonna happen overnight. But if you want it, Poe and I will help you. We’ll help you Ben.” It didn’t erase his past. But that wasn’t the goal. It wasn’t even, Finn thought, to try and restore who the scarred man had been. It was to give him the chance to move beyond who he had been as a child and the tormented man he had become. It was a chance for him to redefine himself, to give new meaning to his own name. Thank you, Ben pushes the thought, rife with exhaustion, anxiety and, most importantly, hope , to him and they lapse into silence again. Finn continues to hold him in the hug and slowly Ben relaxes in the embrace. The only sound in the room being by Ben’s sniffles and hiccups and the occasional whimper. Soon even that ceased and the knight’s breathing gradually slowed. Finn was in the process of trying to extract himself when the half asleep knight had reached out and clumsily grabbed his hand. Finn froze. "Stay? Please?" The words were too gentle, too quiet, the absolutely did not match up with the terrifying and deadly man that uttered them. The look Ben gave him though, made it impossible to say no. "I-I don’t want to be alone," the knight tries to explain, despite drowsiness taking a further hold of him. "Could you stay? Would you?" So Finn had. Carefully settling himself on the bed, trying not to think about how the last time he had done this with someone it had been with Poe, just the night before Ren-no Ben - had stumbled onto the base. It also might have ended in some heavy kissing and sloppy blowjobs. The memory of which made everything just a little extra awkward now. But Ben didn’t seem keen on full physical contact, he simply curled up, in that same tightly balled up position he’d slept in since they’d taken him into custody. One of his hands reached out and his fingertips latched onto the edge of Finn’s shirt. Just the smallest of touches. That was some relief and Finn watched and the larger man shuddered a bit and slowly relaxed into sleep. And try as he might, Finn couldn’t fight it and he too let sleep take him. That was how he found himself utterly trapped the next morning. The knight had shifted in his sleep and managed to wrap one massive arm securely around Finn’s waist, to entangle one long leg with Finn’s and press his scarred face against the shorter man’s side as if Finn were his own personal body pillow. Apparently, for all his terrifying height and power, the man who had been Kylo Ren, it would seem, was the one who needed comfort. Needed someone warm to huddle against at night. He ached with loneliness, Finn could sense, even as Ben snored softly, curled against him. The thoughts were floating just above the other man’s consciousness like subconscious clouds. Much to Finn’s surprise, many of them were about him, even if his name didn’t crop up explicitly. Warm… warm...not alone. Smells nice. Safe. Kind. Friend. Finn lay there for a few more minutes before he tried to extract himself. One of his legs was asleep, tingling with lack of blood, and at the moment he was just thankful that his body hadn’t decided to provide him with morning wood to increase any potential awkwardness. Just as he managed to slip both his legs free of Ben’s, the other man nuzzled scarred face against Finn’s side. A brown eye and blind eye gazed up at him then and the fallen knight gave his unnerved bed-partner the saddest puppy dog eyes in possibly the entire known galaxy. “Stay?” he whispered, voice heavy with sleep. “Just a little longer? Please?” Finn decided that it was entirely unfair that Ben was both a Force user and able to looking so adorable at the same time. His fingers curled in Ben’s hair, pushing it back from his face. “Okay, just a little longer. But then we both have to get up, you’re starting on mess hall duty with me today.” Ben leaned into the gentle touch with a smile and rested his head on Finn’s chest with a content sigh. Finn got the image of the vornskr again and couldn’t help but laugh softly and Ben huffed and sighed again. “Mess hall?” the larger man asked after a few moments. “Yeah. Prepping food and cooking it. Cleaning dishes and trash duty. Figured you might enjoy getting out of this room a bit, but I didn’t want to throw you into the deep end first thing. Poe and I figured this would be low-key for you,” Finn explained, hoping this didn’t result in a freak out or complete melt down. Ben was silent for several minutes and Finn was starting to worry a bit. “Come on now,” he gave Ben a slight nudge. “Don’t tell me you’re intimidated by peeling potatoes,” he bullied gently. “I’ll be with you,” he added, hoping that was some reassurance. Ben snorted and Finn got the image of the vornskr tossing its head about and grumble-growling as canines tend to do. Not intimidated by potatoes, the sulky thought came through very clearly and Finn couldn’t help but laugh. “Can…” Ben’s voice was soft, hesitant as he turned his head to gaze up at Finn again. “Can I have coffee?” “Sure,” Finn told him with a smile, moving his hand to rub Ben’s back, the fallen knight leaned into the touch, arching himself against it with a soft sigh before utterly melting back against the former Stormtrooper and making quiet noises of contentment as he shuddered. “My master didn’t allow me to,” came the quiet admission as Finn stroked his back. This felt nice. Kind touch. Gentle touch. Warm. He liked it, Poe had done that before, but Poe's touch was different. Poe was softer where Finn was firmer, but he liked it all the same. Even if he didn't deserve it. Even if he only deserved terrible things, he would greedily take this gentleness at every chance he could. Sooner or later his master would flip that switch again. Snoke did not take defiance lightly. “Well you don’t answer to him anymore, Ben,” Finn tells him firmly, sensing Ben's thoughts wandering and weaving and the spike of fear that comes at the thought of his master, not yet fully cloaked as he slowly wakes up. He tries to project protectiveness and pride towards the other man. For him to open up was progress. Good, desperately needed progress. Small, ewok sized steps. In the next instant both Ben’s arms are going around him and the fallen knight is hugging Finn tightly. Not sobbing, but shaking and Finn returns the embrace, holding the taller man until Ben stopped trembling. Chapter 8 Notes: “I understood, through rehab, things about creating characters. I understood that creating whole people means knowing where we come from, how we can make a mistake and how we can overcome things to make ourselves stronger” ~Samuel L Jackson (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) For all his training. For all he had endured. Kylo Ren had been absolutely terrified to leave the tiny room he’d been kept in for the past week. Never mind the fact that it was early in the morning and he and Finn were more likely to run into a maintenance droid than another living being. The thought of moving through the Resistance base and interacting with others was enough to make him want to take after his uncle and get lost in the vastness of the Galaxy, never to be found again. “Come on, Ben,” Finn urged him, patiently enough, but he could sense the other man was anxious to get moving. “Maz won’t like it if we’re late.” Kylo felt his heart sink. Maz Kanata was here? Then again the First Order soldiers he’d taken Takodana had destroyed her stronghold, it only made sense that she would be here. In that moment, more than ever, he felt more Ren than Ben . Maz Kanata had been an associate of his father’s. His father… He was jerked out of his thoughts before they could degrade into something cyclic and overly self-depreciating, by Finn reaching out and grabbing his hand and dragging him into the hallway. Kylo stumbled out of the room and over the threshold, barely having time to yank the door shut behind him as the shorter man pulled him along. Finn, he found, despite being significantly shorter than him, was remarkably strong. In another life, it might have been interesting to train with him, to wrestle and see how evenly they were matched. That curious line of thinking was too, derailed when Kylo realized that Finn was holding his hand . That… that was something no one had done since he and Poe had been teenagers. Poe would clasp his hands tightly, threading their fingers together whenever he could. Back then it had made his heart flutter, that simple act had felt so very intimate. It had made him feel treasured because back then he had known , without a single doubt in his young heart, that Poe Dameron loved him and would fly across the stars for him. That had been before the doubt had settled in. Before the voices had whispered to him that he was a freak. That he was unwanted, unloved and that he would only ruin things, destroy everything he touched, hurt everyone he held dear. That he would never be Jedi, how could he, when the very Light itself rejected him? Before he had become afraid of everyone around him, afraid of the pain that the Light. But here Finn was, holding his hand, dragging him along, without fear, towards the kitchen of the mess hall. Finn who had called him ‘Ben’. Finn hadn’t pressed him for further elaboration about the matter of his name, but had simply accepted him. Who was honoring the unspoken request. It made something in the scarred man’s heart ache. He’d sensed no malice, no mocking when the other man had called him by his old name. It had given Kylo hope that he just might be able to find a way to right his wrongs. All of that aside though, it was oddly heart-warming to have touch from another person again. When Poe had left the previous day, Kylo had been certain he’d been abandoned, forsaken. The man he’d trusted had left ! For several terrible minutes he’d been convinced that his master had been right all along. That there was nothing for him here, he was unwanted. But then Finn had come, calm and Grey. The other Force-Sensitive inspired an odd sort of peace in Kylo that he’d never felt before. He wasn’t under the lake’s surface gazing up, but rather, floating atop the water in a warm mist. He was warm, like Poe, but where the pilot would yield, the former ‘Trooper remained firm. Kylo didn’t know what to make of this. He still didn’t completely understand exactly how Finn was able to pull from the neutral part of the Force without his emotions affecting his powers. The knight had guess it was a reflex, because Finn certainly did not know what he was doing. He barely understood the Force itself! It was laughable but also, fascinating to Kylo. True Greys had been rare during the height of the Jedi’s power, and that it was one that had started the downfall of the First Order, only made it all the more fascinating. Had a million things been different, Kylo might have offered to teach the other man. Perhaps, in a different lifetime they could have learned from each other. But he was in no position to make such an offer. Besides Finn would learn better from Skywalker. Kylo brought himself back to the present, and was oddly pleased to find that Finn was still firmly holding his hand. Not in a painful way, but just enough to ensure that Kylo kept up with him. It was oddly reassuring as well. Different from when Poe had done it in the past. It didn’t make his stomach jump like when Poe did it, but it made him feel… Safe. Yes. That was the word. Safe. But Finn had called him “Ben”! Perhaps then… It was frightening to even think it though! He had hated the name “Kylo Ren”. Hated everything about it. Hated what he’d done to gain that name, all in an effort to leave his past self behind. Because if he’d killed off all he had been, then he would be free of that monstrous pain that consumed him without end. He had been so desperate, in such a delirious state when Snoke had found him, that he had agreed to whatever terms the horrific being had set forth, without question. He just wanted the pain to stop! The voices to stop! But the path to the Dark Side had been like taking bitter medicine, and that once it’s soothing effect had faded, left him thirsting and aching for more relief. Oh, the promises he had been made! And while it was true, his pain had been reduced over the years under his master’s tutelage, the price for defiance, for questioning had only brought about more pain. Had only served as a reminded that Snoke, and Snoke alone had his best interests at heart. Only Snoke understood the struggle against the poisonous Light. Kylo could hate the other being all he wanted, but in the end, it had been Snoke who had shown him the way, guided him. Protected him. Snoke who urged him to leave his uncle’s training. Urged him to strike out at those around him. Snoke who had first shown him what a blissful relief the Dark Side could offer. And yet, here Kylo was, being dragged through the halls of the Resistance base by a man who had been his enemy the week prior. And to his own, shocked amazement, he felt no pain . He had indulged in touch and tea and felt safer in the hands of his enemies than he had in the years he’d studied under his master. Perhaps… just perhaps for today I can be Ben again, the knight thought to himself. It was difficult to think of himself like that. Despite his hatred for himself, for the name “Kylo Ren”. Despite hating hearing others call him that, for him to identify as “Ben”, felt wrong. It had been years since he’d been Ben. But trying to be who he once was would be a lie. Perhaps though, he could rebuild himself, redefine who “Ben” was, because right now, Kylo wasn’t sure of exactly who he was. He had given it up… Hadn’t he? Or… had it been cleverly stolen from him? One thing was certain: he wasn’t the Ben that Poe had known. Some of the mannerisms might still be there, the things built into his very nature. But he had changed, his time as a knight, as a Dark apprentice had seen to that. Yet didn’t want to be Kylo Ren anymore either, that too was a lie. Hearing Finn call him by that name, without the emotional attachment that Poe had to the name, it gave him a strange sort of hope. “I was beginning to think I wouldn’t see you this morning Finn,” a voice said from somewhere around Kylo’s waist, pulling him from his thoughts. He tensed, his hand gripped Finn’s tightly, instead of resting slackly in the other man’s. Oh he was not ready for this! “I see you’ve brought our wayward assistant,” the alien’s voice continued. Kylo became extremely interested in a stain on the subterranean rock wall to his left. “Yeah, thanks again for letting him start off here. It’ll help a lot,” Finn said. Kylo wanted to run. Anxiety was building in his stomach. The alien made a ‘hmm’-ing noise. “Let’s hope the kitchen doesn’t end up like my bar did, don’t think I’ve forgotten, Kylo Ren .” Had it not been for Finn’s hand holding onto his, Kylo might have run then and there. Maz Kanata, despite her short stature, was not a being to be trifled with. Even Han Solo had known better than that. “Ah, Maz-” Finn started but she cut him off. “Get his hair pulled back, you’ve both got work to do,” the short alien cut him off and turned away from them, walking back into the kitchen. Kylo, to his surprise, felt a brush of warmth through the Force and cursed himself. He had no excuse for not having a handle on his emotions, or if nothing else, not projecting them. Finn must have sensed them, and if Finn had sensed them, then Maz certainly had. He had never figured out exactly how she had managed to commune with the Force, but she was more adept than most. Even if she wasn’t really a Jedi of any sort. “Hey, look, I know she’s a bit, well weird, at first,” Finn was saying and he kept pushing warmth towards Kylo as he was pulled into the kitchen. “But she’s really not all that bad. And you did trash her place.” Kylo didn’t know if he had the energy to try and explain that once she had called him “Ben” as well. That once he had greatly enjoyed visits to Takodana with his father. The yellow alien had been like family. A favorite eccentric aunt. Once he and her had been quite close. She’d used to talk to him about the mysteries of the Force. But that had been a lifetime ago. And he didn’t trust his voice not to shake if he tried to talk about it. Instead he just nodded, taking a hair tie that was being offered to him and binding back what he could of his uneven strands of hair. This whole meeting just reminded him that no matter how much he wanted to be “Ben” again, he never would be. Even if Poe called him that, even if Finn did. Even if he hated the name Kylo Ren, he would never escape what he had become. Why even bother? There was no redemption here. No salvation. There was nothing but the memories of the boy he’d killed to escape this pain. The boy was dead. The pain persisted. His master had been right all along. There was no place for him here. No amount of tea and gentle touches and quiet talking would change the truth: he could never have his old life back. He could never be “Ben” again. Someone shoved something into his hands. A vegetable peeler. For a terrifying moment, Kylo considered stabbing someone with it.. Sure the end of it was blunt and rounded but if he got enough strength behind it he could- “Ben! Hey!” Finn snapped his fingers in front of the knight’s face and Kylo blinked rapidly, gasping slightly, as if he’d just been woken up. He looked at his hands, they were trembling, his fists tightly clenched. “You okay? You look really pale,” Finn asks, worried. That worry, that concern, it makes Kylo feel a little more human. “I… I’m fine,” he says softly. Finn gives him a look that tells Kylo that he’s not buying it. Kylo swallows and forces himself to take a deep breath in and let it out slowly. “I don’t want to talk about it.” “That’s all right,” Finn reassures him, and he means it, which is a relief to the knight. “But if you do, I’m here.” The other man turns away, picking up a knife to start chopping various vegetables. “Finn?” Kylo’s voice sounds strange to his own ears. Strained and uncertain. This isn’t Kylo’s voice. It feels more like Ben’s . Finn looks back at him. “Yeah? What’s up?” The knight feels his mouth work uselessly, his throat is tight and he sighs in frustration. “Thank you,” he manages after a moment. Finn’s face lights up like sun itself and he grins at Kylo. “Save the thanks for after you’ve peeled that mountain of potatoes.” --- There was something oddly soothing about the task of food prep. A few other people joined them. They mill about around them, for the most part avoiding Kylo. There were conversations, gossip and whispering. Some of their fellow kitchen workers greeted Finn and Kylo was perfectly content to let them talk and focus on the massive pile of potatoes he’d been tasked with cleaning. He fell into a rhythm, it was almost like an active meditation. He didn’t think about anything in particular, the task demanded just enough of his attention that he did not have the luxury of trying to understand his own, fractured identity. Eventually his arm started to ache, his elbow and up buzzed as the nerves and muscles protested from the repetitive motions. Kylo sighed and rolled his shoulder, trying to keep the limb from spasming. The bacta might have healed the worst of the wounds, but it had been damaged and untended to for so long that the nerve damage was unavoidable. He was just glad he’d not lost the arm entirely. He took a deep breath in and tried to make himself to relax. It wasn’t so bad, this handful of people that were working around them. He didn’t feel like he was about to be attacked. Their fellow workers were wary, curious but not out for blood, he found when he reached out with the Force. Kylo had to wonder, could every day be peaceful like this? Could he ever really leave it all behind him? It was too daring a thought to think. But, would it really be all that bad to trade a lightsaber for a vegetable peeler? Part of him knew though, he could never really live that sort of life. He knew that after what had happened with Skywalker, what had happened after Starkiller… No he didn’t want to think about that. Didn’t want to think about how much blood was on his hands. What he had done before being told by his master to kill Leia Organa. His hands were too stained to ever hope for any semblance of a “normal” life. Normalcy and the freedom, the peace of mind that came with it was not for people like him. Not for monsters. “Those are dark thoughts, and what a scowl! What did that poor potato ever do to you?” Maz’s voice pulled him from his gradual downward spiral and Kylo tensed, his grip on the potato tightening and the vegetable slipped out of his hand. Without thinking he flicked his fingers, capturing the root vegetable with the Force before it could hit the floor and calling it back to him. “Calm down, you act like I’m a hungry rancor,” she chuckled as he hastily put the peeler and potato down, looking slightly guilty: one of the terms that Poe and Finn had explained to him about his probation period had been that he not actively use the Force. While Poe and Finn seemed more willing to overlook his projections, he wasn’t so sure others would be so forgiving. He glanced at the short alien out of the side of his eye. To his relief she said nothing about the matter merely gave him an appraising look. For a being only four feet tall, she had the remarkable ability to make him feel like she was the giant one. “You’re troubled,” she remarked, pulling a tall stool up next to the table he worked at and sitting atop it. She picked up a potato of her own to start peeling. Kylo said nothing, chewing on his tongue as he started to work again. What was he supposed to say to that? What did she expect? “I’ve heard a great deal about what has happened since you arrived here,” she continued. Her voice wasn’t loud but light, as if they were carrying on a conversation about the weather. “You’re holding onto a great deal of conflict. Of pain.” Kylo focused a little more intensely on the potato he was peeling. “Finn mentioned something to me, but I want to hear it for myself,” she set down her peeler and potato and stood on her stood, peering closely at him. Kylo glanced at her, freezing. “Who are you? The boy or the monster?” He swore his heart stopped in his chest. “Kylo Ren, or Ben?” His hands are shaking again, and suddenly he’s breathing too fast. Everything is moving too fast. And then, oh Force help him, he feels the call to the Light ! He jerks back from her so quickly that he almost slips and has to grab at the table to not fall. Maz stares at him, studies him. And then she leans far too close for comfort, invading his personal space. “Well?” He feels like he’s choking on air. His head is pounding, feeling like it'll explode. And the Light is calling. Calling. Calling. Warmth. Unending warmth. It promises. He can be a Jedi like his uncle. His mother will love him. Accept him. She won't hurt him anymore. All of this will go away if he just comes into the Light. He can be Ben again. A choked noise leaves him and he tastes coppery-metallic blood on his lips and in his throat as his nose starts to bleed. His knees feel weak. For a moment he's certain he'll be sick right there on the potatoes. His hands have a white knuckle grip on the table and the room has started to spin as the small alien focuses her gaze on him. He feels like he’s under a microscope. Like everyone’s eyes are on him. Like he’s being dissected. Torn open. Exposed. “Well? Which are you?” He's breathing through his mouth, harsh, ragged breaths. Too loud. Everything feels too loud. Too bright. Maz leans ever closer to him. He stares at her with his one good eye. The other can only see vague shadows now and it tends to unfocus, to drift if he doesn't concentrate. His mouth works over words he can't manage to make himself say, his brain is overwhelmed. Desperately he wants to beg her to listen. To have her understand, he wants to be Ben again! But he doesn't think he can! He's afraid! He has given up so much! None of it ever seems to make a difference! “I-I don't know,” he manages to whisper hoarsely. He's hyperventilating, trying to shy away from the Light, to burrow himself in the Dark Side before he has another episode. All around the kitchen things start to rattle and tremble as she stares him down. Hell the whole kitchen is probably staring at them now. “Make it stop!” he pleads tersely with her as his knees finally give out and he sinks to the floor “Please make it stop!” His skin is starting it itch. He wants to tear at himself. To claw his flesh until it bleeds. “Ben,” Finn’s voice is low and quiet in his ear and suddenly a hand is on his shoulder, steadying him. “Easy Ben. It's okay. Deep breathes.” Finn is there. Finn is safe. One of Kylo’s hands latches onto the one Finn had on his shoulder as he tries to regain control of himself. He feels the warm mist that seems to be Finn’s default Force energy flood him. It muffles everything. Everything quiets. The unbearable intensity dials back down and Kylo finds himself leaning against Finn for support. “Well then,” Maz tilts her head, studying the two humans before her. Her bespectacled eyes taking in every detail of their interaction. How interesting, General Organa would find this most fascinating. She coughed and cleared her throat. “Your head may not know, but I think your heart does. Now,” she hopped off the stool. “Clean that blood off your face, finish these potatoes and you can have your break. Then I need you both on dish washing duty.” Kylo let out a slow breath as she left, the spinning gradually stopped. The call to the Light faded and he was silently grateful that Finn gave him a moment to get his bearings before helping him to his feet and leading him to a sink to clean the blood from his nose. “Want to tell me what that was all about?” Kylo held the wet paper towel to his nose and sighed. He felt sick and shaky still, less like he was going to explode, but now there was no avoiding the conversation. “I knew her growing up,” he tried to explain. “Before everything… before it all went wrong.” He hoped that was good enough for Finn. The other man had been on Takodana, he knew that Han Solo had connections to Maz, surely he could put two and two together, because those were memories too painful to touch at the moment. “Oh. I suppose that makes sense,” Finn says, his tone thoughtful. “You gonna be okay to finish cleaning up here? I'll finish my work and help you with the last of the potatoes.” Kylo nods and Finn claps a hand on his shoulder, giving it a squeeze before heading back. ---- Breakfast was had in the kitchen after the food prep tools were cleaned and put away. The rest of the base would be coming for breakfast soon, so breaks had to be strategically scheduled during lulls. Kylo sat in one corner of the kitchen, he had never been much of a social eater. Eating around lots of people always had a tendency to make him nervous, self conscious. And even when he’d been younger, his presence had made others just as uneasy. But Finn had promised that there was coffee, the only catch was the coffee was at the table that the other kitchen workers were standing around with Finn. There were all talking, interacting and the mood seemed easy going enough and he was hungry and the food smelled good. Quietly he stood, trying to make his way over as unobtrusively as possible, but that was a lost cause. His size alone made him very obvious and the conversations that had been happening slowly came to a stop as he got closer to the table. There was a bit more fear in the air now, mistrust now that they could focus on him, not distracted by their work. Kylo looked away, biting his tongue as hard as he could, trying to keep calm. “Coffee’s hot,” Finn speaks up as he places a empty mug on the table in the corner spot next to him. “How long did you say it had been since you had coffee?” Kylo focuses on that, taking a step closer, grateful beyond measure for the invitation. Somehow he finds his voice as he carefully approaches the table. People step aside to give him a bit more room, the silence feels deafening. “About ten years,” Kylo said quietly, he can’t quite bring himself to look at anyone right now, he focuses all his attention on the coffee mug, as if that somehow will see him through this. “Do you take cream and sugar?” Finn keeps talking, trying to break up the silence that threatens to make everything snap under the tension. “Please,” Kylo manages with a nod. His shoulders hunch and he starts to feel panic build in him. He can sense the fear, the mistrust, it moves like a terrible building storm. Finn slides the coffee pot, sugar and cream across the table to him. Kylo takes the sugar first, trying to make his hand stop trembling. He feels like an animal in an exhibit. All eyes are on him as he moves. There is a small nudge through the Force and he feels a bit better and silently thanks Finn. When Poe had introduced him to coffee as a teen, he had hated it. But then the pilot had added cream and sugar and given Ben a new favorite thing: sitting in the empty mess hall in the early morning drinking warm coffee as he and Poe sat shoulder to shoulder, enjoying the quiet of each other’s company. Making the right mix of sweet to bitter had taken on a bit of a ritual for Ben and Kylo found now that the muscle memory returned to him readily enough. He focused just on what he was doing, trying to not think about the eyes on him. Slowly he poured some of the sugar from its jar into the palm of his hand. When he had a good sized mound, he pinched a bit of the top, tasting it. His eyes closed just for a moment as he savored the sweetness. It brought back memories of Poe, of a time before things had gotten so bad. Then he dumped the palmful of sugar into his empty mug. He picked up the cream and added it, slowly, a little at a time, swirling the mug to mix it with the sugar until it was a thick, sweet mix. He tasted it again and then added more cream. He could feel the mood shift, from wary to amused as he reached for the coffee pot and added the black liquid to the cream and sugar mixture. This time he didn’t stir it, but just watched a the black mixed with white to create a pale brown. Both his hands clasped the mug tightly and he brought it to his lips, taking a long, slowly drink of it. Warm. Good. Sweet. And in that moment he missed Poe terribly. “I never imagined a Sith would take half a jar of sugar in their coffee,” someone remarked and a ripple of laughter went around the table. Kylo lowered his mug, making a face of disapproval. Part of his brain screamed at him to not say anything, to let it pass, but it was also simply was wrong . “I’m not a Sith,” the words left his mouth before he could stop them, even though he couldn’t bring himself to meet the eyes of anyone at the table yet. “Um red lightsaber, creepy mask, you’re a Sith,” someone said. Kylo shook his head, and he finds the words coming easier when he speaks again. “It doesn’t work that way,” he frowned. “That would be like saying that your General Organa is a Jedi. Force-attunement and aesthetic alone do not indicate that one is a Sith or Jedi.” His heart is hammering in his chest and the air of the room has shifted again. All eyes are on him, fascinated, untrusting still, but curious. “So what are you then?” “I…” Kylo’s voice dies. That was a good question. What was he? Who was he? He feels like a walking dichotomy. Is he Ben or Ren? He’s not of the Light, that is for certain. But his Darkness is not all encompassing as his master’s is. He is weak like that. He always had been weak. For all his training, all that he had done, he is still found wanting. Not monster enough and not pure enough. “I don’t know,” he forces the answer out of his mouth. The words feel stiff and his tongue feels wrong in his mouth. His hands are shaking and he clenches the mug tightly to try and keep himself under control. He pulls his emotions close and buries them deep within himself. Holding onto them tightly, least he let go of them and lose what little sense of self he still has. The silence presses, feeling heavier by the second. He wants to crawl into a hole and die in that moment. To just cease being. “Well hopefully you’ll figure it out,” someone murmurs and much to Kylo’s surprise the sentiment is echoed around the table. It’s oddly comforting, they don’t understand, not really anyway. But the can empathize and the gesture is one Kylo appreciates. “We could use another Force-Sensitive on our side,” Finn says as he takes a sip of his own coffee. Kylo glances, at him, not sure what to make of those words. Not sure if there is a double meaning behind them. But Finn does not elaborate further on the matter but instead turns his attention back to Kylo’s coffee. “Seriously though, you did use half the sugar. That’s not coffee, it’s the suggestion of coffee,” he grins at Kylo. It’s not an attack, not really, just something to ease the tension a bit more. Despite himself the knight feels the corner of his mouth twitch and for a moment, he feels a bit more like Ben --- By the end of the day Kylo is soaking wet and he’s certain that his hands and fingers have permanently wrinkled. Dishwashing is not the driest of jobs but he’d rather do that than trash duty or interacting with more people. He feels rather proud of himself that he’d not broken any dishes, but he’s also dead tired. Interacting with other people always drains him, even when he tries to shut out all their overly loud thinking. He’s also been standing since about four in the morning, he’d even taken his meals on break standing and now it is nearly ten at night. Tomorrow he gets to go and do it all over again. But for now, he’s too tired to think, to tired to worry about whatever existential identity crisis he thinks he’s having. He’s barely awake long enough to drink the tea Finn makes for him. “Today wasn’t so bad, huh?” Finn asks as Kylo pulls off his soaked shirt and finds a new one. He really should ask about a shower, but he’s too tired to care. “Was all right,” he mumbles as he finds another pair of pants, leaving the wet clothes in a pile on the floor. He’ll ask about washing clothes when he has more energy. There are few garments that fit someone his size and he figures he’ll either have to make his own or scrape together enough credits to buy his own clothes. Assuming he’s around long enough for it to become an issue. “Finn?” “Hmm?” “Thank you.” “For what Ben?” There it is, that name again. The name Kylo wants to be worthy of. He wants to be himself again! But who was he now? “Hey, Ben,” Poe is sitting next to him, brushing away tears that have traitorously started to spill down Kylo’s face. “Hey, you did well today. I know it isn’t easy. It’ll takes time, Ben.” Kylo pulls away and hides his face in his hands. “Come on, Ben. Don’t shut down on me,” Finn gently pulls his hands away. “Talk to me. Don’t hold it in. You don’t have to, you’re safe. But you have to talk, don’t shut down.” Kylo squeezes his eyes shut tightly and hangs his head, trying to breathe, to take in enough air. “You believe in me.” Finn who had been his enemy, believed he could be good. That he could be Ben. “You-you give me hope. Hope that I can be b-better. That I can… I can find myself,” he gasps. “I’m so afraid,” he confesses, his hands are clutching Finn’s tightly now. The world is spinning slightly. He wants this! But he knows the terrible price, he knows that his master will come calling that the Light will sooner or later damage him beyond repair. “I-I don’t want to hurt anymore.” “No one is going to hurt you Ben,” Finn reassures him, but Kylo shakes his head. He knows it is a lie. His mother will hurt him. Even someone who was not as adept at using the Force as Maz was had nearly sent him into a fit. Even if he manages to prove useful, his uncle will surely kill him. He has done too much wrong! So so so much wrong, he- “Stop it!” Finn flicks a finger against Kylo’s forehead. It doesn’t really hurt, but the absurdity of it jerks him out of his thoughts and he looks at the other man. “You’ll pull through. Hell you pushed Snoke out of your head, if you can do that then you can do anything,” Finn tells him firmly and then a bit gentler, “You’ll find yourself again.” Kylo can only hope he is right. If he’s not the knight isn’t quite sure what he’ll do. --- “So,” Leia poured a cup of tea for her guest. “How has he been doing?” Maz took the cup of tea and settled herself back in the chair in the general’s office. She took a thoughtful sip from the cup and pulled out a small flask and poured of its contents into the tea, gave it a swirl to mix it and took another sip. “You know general, you could ask him yourself. He is your son after all.” “You know I can’t. The conflict of interest would-” “Would tear the Resistance apart. Yes I know. I know your credibility suffered when your relationship to Vader was brought to light, but you cannot deny your family. What little of it you have left.” “What little I have left killed part of it, Maz,” Leia frowned as she poured herself a cup of tea as well. “I am still coming to terms with it. Still trying to accept that-that when I see the Falcon next, Han won’t be on it.” The general sighed. The lure of the Dark Side seemed like it would forever hold sway over her family. Between her grief and her duty it was hard to find time to let herself be a mother figure to the scarred man that they had captured. It was something she wasn’t sure she had the strength to face just yet. If only she’d realized sooner, intervened sooner! How many nights had she laid awake, wishing and damning herself for not seeing the signs? How many times had she berated herself for failing her son. Her only child had been targeted, had been pulled to the Dark Side, and what had she done? She had left him to his own devices, had left him with Poe Dameron, who had been just a child himself. Stupidly she had been wrapped up in politics, in worrying about the good of the Galaxy, when she should have been focusing on her son. And this was the end result. Leia brushed away a tear that was trying to escape her eyes and took a deep breath. There was no changing what had happened. No way to overlook the scars and pain that had accumulated over the years. She wondered, not for the first time, if perhaps she was repeating the same mistake again by being absent during her son’s recovery. If leaving him in the hands of Poe and Finn was actually the best choice. But her own anger and grief were still fresh in her mind. They might have secured a victory over the First Order, but at what cost? At what point did their victories become moot? “I know,” Maz’s voice brought her back from her introspection. “Han was a good friend, a strong leader and a fantastic smuggler,” the little alien grinned at her. “And he loved Ben,” she carefully considered her next words. They would be painful, but perhaps it would do the general some good to hear them. To consider their weight. “Perhaps his death was necessary to save your son. If I ever knew Han Solo, and the type of man, the type of father , he was, then he would do anything to bring Ben home. He knew the risks going to Starkiller. He knew the risk that he would incur if he faced Kylo Ren, and he did anyway. There is no act of love greater than that of a parent reaching out to their lost child.” “And now Han is dead and my son is barely functional. I don’t even know if he is still my son. It is hardly a victory for love,” Leia could not hide the bitterness in her voice. She had not talked about Han much after his death, after the memorial service they’d had. The ache had been too great. Her heart had been broken. And now to face Kylo Ren… Leia reminded herself that she had not died that night she had come face to face with her wayward son. That had been what had given her hope. And then after his numerous escape attempts, when he’d been lying on the med bay floor, Kylo Ren had looked up at her through pain glazed eyes and called her “mom”. She held the feeling it inspired in her close to her chest. Hope. She had to have hope! “Victories come in strange forms sometimes,” Maz pointed out. “But as far as his progress, haven’t you been getting the updates from Poe and Finn?” “I have. But Poe’s judgement is skewed, he openly admits that and Finn’s reports have been…” she didn’t have a word to describe them. Cryptic seemed best. Maz chuckled as she took another sip of her tea. “Finn does have a very unique position. Your son seems rather attached to him.” Leia blinked. “What do you mean?” “It would seem as though they have Force-bonded,” Maz took another sip of her tea, almost looking smug about the matter. “That’s impossible! A Force bond-” “You act as though this is not something to be celebrated,” the yellow alien chuckled. “But he uses the Dark Side of the Force Maz! We cannot lose Finn!” Leia slammed her mug down on the desk. It had been a mistake to bring Finn into this. It was too dangerous! “I will not risk it! I will not lose someone else!” “Are you quite finished shouting?” Maz adjusted her glasses and leaned forward. Leia pursed her lips, frustrated that her associate was not taking this as seriously as she should be. Maz set her mug down and took out her small flask, taking a sip directly from it and tucking it away again. “You need to give Finn more credit,” she stated. “If he were going to be seduced by the Dark Side it would have already happened. He is far more clever and compassionate than any of us have given him credit for. After all, he calls our captive “Ben”.” “That means nothing.” “It means everything !” Maz snapped, her small eyes narrowing. “Your son is lost within himself. He is terrified and in great pain. And yet, despite that, he has managed to reach out to the least likely person and form a Force bond with him! There is deeper, more profound relationship between these two than the eye can see. Finn in the key to bringing your son back! To helping him rediscover himself! Isn’t that why you and Poe asked him to help?” Leia closed her eyes and sighed. “It is true, we asked for Finn’s assistance due to his lack of a relationship with Ben and his relation to Kylo Ren. But this…” she shook her head as she looked back at Maz. The Force was always annoyingly vague. Even now the path was uncertain. “This could be a trap.” “That is a general speaking, not a mother.” “I have a responsibility! To my soldiers, to the people of the Republic! I cannot allow for -” she stopped mid sentence. There it was again: the call of duty overriding her caring for her family. Maz reached across the desk and put a hand over Leia’s. “It is not easy, having to balance the two. I cannot begin to imagine the burdens you carry. But I do know that if you allow your military and political duty to push your family aside again, then this time, you will lose them,” she gave Leia’s hand a squeeze. “Do not let the sacrifices that have been made by so many go to waste.” Leia leaned back in her chair and let out a slow breath. Maz patted her hand kindly and settled back into her own seat. “As far as his probation goes,” she smiled slightly. “He’s quite terrible at following the rules. He constantly forgets about the stipulation to not actively use the Force. But before you fret-” she held up a finger to stop Leia from groaning in frustration. “I would like to point out that each infraction has been for a greater good. We would be short quite a few plates had he not managed to catch them, he also caught another worker mid slip and saved us a visit to the med bay. So, if nothing else, let that knowledge nurture your hope general.” The caring about the welfare of others. That was a good sign, Leia reminded herself. Compassion was important. “There is one thing that troubles me however,” Maz continued and Leia felt her heart sink, but she gestured for her to continue. “He reacts strangely to the Light.” “What do you mean?” “I’ve read the medical reports and the eyewitness accounts. I watched the holo record of the tribunal meeting, your pilot was onto something when he said that Kylo Ren was ill. Every time he has experienced one of these fits of episodic unwellness, it has been shortly after he has interacted with someone possessing Light Side Force powers,” Maz frowned, steepling her fingers. “I think I witnessed it myself, when I initially spoke to him. The sudden disorientation, the bleeding from the nose, the tremors. There may be something that we are overlooking.” “The medical analysis came back as nothing being wrong when he had these fits,” Leia felt ill to her stomach. “Do you think it is a matter of conditioning? That perhaps it something that,” she paused but then pushed ahead. “Do you think Snoke could have a hand in this?” “I am no Jedi, nor a doctor of any sort, mental or otherwise,” Maz reminded her. “But you may need to prepare yourself, to honestly start considering that your son may never be of the Light, if he ever was.” Leia felt her heart sink and she thought back to Ben growing up, trying to recall if he’d experienced such things. And to her dismay she found that she didn’t know. Ben had gone from being an outgoing child to a withdrawn and quiet teen. Even before that, when he’d been about nine, he’d all but stopped talking, he’d started to struggle with being around others, the nightmares had started. And then his Force powers had manifested, too much too fast. Had that been the key time when Snoke had dug his claws into her son? She wished Poe was here, he had known her son better than she had during those troubled and awkward years. If only she’d made more time for her family! If only she’d not sent him away! Then perhaps her only child would not have felt the need to try and take his own life, twice. Perhaps Han would still be alive and Ben would be near her now, not on the opposite side of the base with a ankle monitor tracking his every move. Leia stood up from her desk. “Where might you be going?” Maz asked, curiosity coloring her tone. “To see my son.” --- “So do you think she found Skywalker?” Kylo tried to ignore the conversation that was happening around him. Things had not gotten easier per say as the weeks had progressed, rather, he had simply gotten used to them. Adaptability was essential in the life of a Force-user. There were good days. Days that he felt a bit better about his own existence, days that he felt a bit more confident. A tiny bit braver and speaking to the others was slightly easier. On those days he could manage to smile, to not feel so afraid of everything around him. On those days he felt more human. Like he might be able to actually think of himself as Ben again. He liked those days. Liked feeling almost normal . When he’d been younger, these days had been few and far between. But they had always been when he was with Poe. Poe who had held him and been that warm, comforting presence. Poe who would tap lightly on him to bring him back from the terrible thoughts and give him tea to soothe him. These good days made him think of Poe, made him miss the pilot terribly. Poe still had not come back from his mission. And the longing that built within the knight made him consider that perhaps, just perhaps, he could allow himself to openly love the pilot back. Those good days always took him by surprise, days that he didn’t feel pain or the need to hide behind Finn, something Maz found absolutely comical the first time he had done it. Kylo hadn’t even realized he was doing it, shifting himself so the other Force-sensitive was between himself and the small alien. Maz made him uneasy, if it was her connection to the Force, to the Light or something else, he couldn’t tell. But some days he could handle her better than others, his skin didn’t feel like it was crawling, his nerves didn’t feel like someone had lit phosphorous matches at their ends. Those were good days. And so far he’d had but a handful of them. Bad days though. Bad days started with nightmares and cold sweats. He could barely move, his body was so wracked with pain. Those were days that he felt like Ren . Hurtful and disparaging thoughts plagued him. He hated everything and projected an angry, dark aura that one didn’t need to be Force sensitive to pick up on. Talking was a chore and he wanted to do nothing more than scream. To break things and lash out at everything within arm’s length. Finn had dragged him into the walk in freezer on one particularly bad day and told him to scream it out. Kylo had stared at him like the other man was insane as their breath rose in white clouds around them. But Finn had not let him leave until he did so, telling him he would feel better if he did. That all this would be easier, better if he did. “Don’t bottle it up. You don’t have to, remember?” Finn had told him. “You can let it go.” That was when the tears had started. Everything had hurt so badly that day! Kylo’s mind felt fragmented and he was mad but he didn’t know at what. He was frustrated and anxious and the nightmares had been worse lately, the whispers were echoing in his mind. His master had not forgotten him and Snoke did not forgive. Worse, he could feel the darkness creeping up on him. Not the Dark Side of the Force. No the Dark Side was cool and comforting and safe. No, no this was an entirely different monster. It was the abyss, the bottomless pit, that once he was pulled down into it he would be trapped there and the Light would find him. Devour him! Destroy him and all he held dear! Unless of course he did as his master told him. Unless he killed off the Light. Murdered Organa and everyone on that damned base. It was the only way to save himself. To make the pain stop. To free himself. A howl had left him as Kylo had cried, his hands clenched tightly in fists and he had punched the wall of the freezer until his knuckles bleed and Finn had pulled him away from it. “Use your words Ben,” he urged the knight as Kylo struggled against him, still screaming. “He’s in my head!” Kylo grit out. “It hurts! Everything hurts! He wants me to-to-but I-I don’t want to-” “Push him out. Push back, he doesn’t own you. You don’t answer to him,” Finn tells him, keeping a firm grip on the struggling knight. “I-I’m afraid!” “You did it once, you can do it again Ben!” Kylo had screamed and screamed until he was exhausted and had to lean on Finn for support. “Finn?” he’d whispered, trembling from cold instead of rage now. The hatred and anger purged out of him like a toxin. “Yes Ben?” “I’m afraid.” “It’s all right to be afraid, Ben.” Needless to say Maz had given them both the rest of the day off after they emerge from the freezer. Kylo later falls asleep clinging to Finn. That sort of thing tends to happen on very bad days . Kylo will attach himself to the other Force-sensitive and often times, although Finn will deny it, the dark skinned man will slip into the knight’s mind. He’ll wander those halls that are in disrepair until he finds the scarred vornskr and will comfort the beast until it shifts back into a man. Sometimes the howlrunner is roaming in his mind and they both hide from it. But the terrifying beast is seen less and less. Kylo won’t talk about who or what the beast is supposed to be and that is one topic Finn does not press. He lets Kylo keep some secrets and Kylo is grateful. There are some things he doesn’t have the strength to face just yet. And the conversation going on around him is one of them. Their fellow kitchen workers, while ignorant of how the Force works and every concept vaguely related to it, love to postulate ideas about it. They see Luke Skywalker as a hero, and they’re all hoping that the scavenger girl, Rey is her name, Kylo has learned, will be able to bring him to the Resistance to help their cause. Kylo could do just fine if he never saw either of them again. “Of course she found him! The Force is guiding her!” Kylo rolls his eyes and shakes his head. No, the Force was mostly certainly not guiding the scavenger girl, the damn map was. The Force didn’t work like that! It wasn’t some sort of cosmic vending machine that you put tokens of belief into and magical things happened. Even if the Force was guiding her, as strong as she was, to be able to track another being across the Galaxy took incredible power and concentration. A feat even Kylo could not manage on his best of days. Their ignorance was really astounding, almost painful at times. “You think she’ll convince him to come back?” “I certainly hope so. We need him if we’re going to defeat the First Order!” Kylo heaves a sigh and shakes his head, frustration starts to bottle up inside him and he takes another breath to try and steady himself. It fails and his hands are shaking. Part of him wants to leave, but he doesn’t have the luxury of freedom of movement so he’s stuck here. Listening to this conversation that is equal parts frustrating as it is mind-numbingly stupid. “With the great Jedi on our side there’s no way we can lose!” “You think he’ll start training new Jedi again when he comes back?” “Dunno, how would any of us know if we were Force-sensitive? Is there some sort of test? How does it even work anyway? Do you have to inherit it from your folks like eye color?” “Maybe? But I think it’s random too? Finn you’re Force-sensitive aren’t you?” “Me? I suppose I am,” Finn gave a shrug. “How did you know? Did you always know?” “I’m not sure really?” Finn looked a little uncomfortable and then glanced at Kylo, looking uneasy and silently begging him for help. “Well are you Light Side or Dark Side? What’s the difference between them?” Their fellow workers started to bombard Finn with questions and the former ‘Trooper looked absolutely terrified. “Look I barely understand,” he tried to say. “I have no training and no idea what I’m doing. It’s just kind of little… a sixth sense?” Kylo could sense his growing unease with the subject and felt a little bit bad for him. But he also really didn’t want all that attention focused on himself either. While today wasn’t necessarily a bad day, Kylo wasn’t sure how much ignorance, unintentional or otherwise, he could handle. I could really use some help right now. Finn’s voice broadcasted into Kylo’s head. The knight bit his lip and focused his attention on the onions he was chopping before him. Oh you seem to be handling it fine. Ben, please ! Kylo sighed again. “So will you go train with Luke Skywalker when he gets back?” “What color will your lightsaber be?” “When did you realize you were Force-sensitive? How did the First Order not notice?” “If they had what would have happened?” “Jakku,” Kylo’s voice was low and rumbled like vornskr’s growl. The attention of the kitchen snapped to the fallen knight. Kylo made sure not to look at them, focusing all his attention on the onions before him. He could feel Finn’s astonishment and his gratitude radiating through the Force, it encouraged him a bit. “The Resistance village on Jakku, that was the moment,” Kylo continued stiffly. “The First Order doesn’t care about Force-awareness. They wouldn’t know what to do with it.” His hands have started to tremble. He hasn’t given this much thought, not consciously. But it has lingered in the back of his mind. One of endless “what if”s that have drifted across his thoughts in the past weeks. “That’s right! You had a legion of Force-sensitive knights at your command!” Someone recalls and Kylo almost smiles. His knights… He pushes the thought of them aside. “I did,” he admits softly. Nevermind that it hadn’t been a legion. Just seven of them. Eight counting himself. “Does that mean-” “Would you have seduced Finn to the Dark Side?” Finn makes a noise and Kylo can’t help but double over in silent laughter. He’s laughing so hard that he has to put his knife down and grip the counter. But in all honesty, they’re not wrong. Their curiosity and ignorance is childlike and their willingness to learn makes their questions a bit more bearable. It takes him a moment to compose himself and he casts a glance up at those around them and then finally lets his gaze rest upon Finn. “If things had been different, perhaps I would have,” he murmurs, tilting his head. “Finn is unique and highly capable. With the right teacher, he will become a powerful Force user,” Kylo pauses, biting the tip of his tongue in thought. He projects something to Finn then, a dark warmth, a sense of pride . Perhaps, if he is honest with himself, he admires Finn a great deal. There is a kinship between them, forged by the different battles they have fought. An unlikely camaraderie. Kylo rather likes the other man, he is a good friend. And that is something Kylo realizes he does not give Finn enough credit for. “It would be best that he trained under Master Skywalker when he returns,” Kylo concedes as he resumes chopping onions. “The Dark Side is not a place for people like Finn.” “What’s that supposed to mean?” Finn counters, even though he looks completely flustered and baffled. “Master Skywalker understands the Force well. He will not let you be consumed by it,” Kylo says with a shrug, careful not to look directly at Finn. “He will teach you balance. You are unrefined in your control and techniques. You need a teacher who will be able to guide you.” “Well what if I don’t want him to teach me?” Finn raises his chin a bit, as if he’s trying to provoke the knight. Their fellow workers have fallen silent, watching their exchange with bated breath. “Then you are a fool to pass up such an opportunity.” “What if I’d rather have you teach me?” Kylo freezes and the kitchen goes silent. A mouse droid could squeak across the base and it would be heard. The knight gives himself a shake and looks directly at Finn, his expression cloudy. Around him, there is a ripple in the fabric of space and time. Kylo pulls from the Dark Side and the temperature of the kitchen plummets, darkness seems to blot out the lights entirely. It takes only a moment to do. Kylo has crossed the space between them and is crowding on Finn, forcing him back against the table. They're almost nose to nose and Kylo is almost snarling as he speaks. “You have no idea the power you flirt with. How utterly it can consume you, how it can drive you mad. You walk a fine, dangerous line.” Finn doesn't back down. And to Kylo's surprise and pride, the former ‘Trooper pushes back. It is not as aggressive a move as Kylo's. But it is strong, firm and unyielding. Warmth presses against the fallen knight’s chest. It startles him, catches him off guard and Finn clasps his scarred face in both hands, pulling Kylo down so they're eyelevel. “I'm not afraid of you. Nor the Darkness.” Slowly the darkness that has consumed the kitchen fades the temperature returns to normal. Kylo bows his head, pressing his forehead against Finn’s and letting out a shuddering sigh as his eyes close. “Easy,” Finn murmurs to him, low and quiet so the others can't hear, focusing the warm, peaceful mist and projecting it into Kylo’s mind. “You don't have to fight. There no need. No one is attacking you. You're safe here.” Kylo swallows heavily. He feels like a fool, posturing like this. Finn is right, there is no need for it. He can feel the eyes of their peers on them as he and Finn slowly part. “Oh wow!” The exclamation comes from someone. “That was amazing!” “Terrifying!” “Shut up, it was so cool!” “Is that why Finn should train with Luke instead of you? Because the Dark Side is dangerous, do you lose control of your powers?” Kylo wishes the ground would open up and swallow him. He should have just kept his mouth shut! Behind the table, out of view, Finn takes hold of his hand and gives it a squeeze. That helps. “It would depend on who you ask,” Kylo admits softly. He keeps his gaze focused on the tabletop. “So what is the Dark Side like? Is it always cold and spooky? Is that why Sith Lords always look so terrifying?” Kylo shakes his head, letting out a shaky breath. Glancing to Finn next to him, the man who can't yet block out the thoughts of those around him. The man who is remarkably adept at pressing into Kylo’s mind and soothing him, still can't ward himself. Right now the thoughts of those around them are overwhelming, Finn’s grip on his hand is almost painfully tight. Kylo senses his distress and extends a tendril of warm darkness to him. Next to him Finn relaxes slightly and Kylo eases his hand out of Finn’s. He knows exactly what he's about to say. For a moment, it feels the way it does when he's with his knights. When they bring someone new into the fold. No one else in the room is Force-sensitive, save for himself and Finn, but that's not the point. Suddenly it is of dire importance that Kylo speak. That he explain. “The Dark Side isn't like that,” his hands move as he talks, as if he can illustrate it better that way. Moving helps the words flow sometimes. “The Force is different for everyone who has it. Some are more attuned, by nature, to the Light or the Dark. Some are blank slates, impressionable, like younglings,” Kylo draws the Force around him and it flows, moving with him, like a dancer's scarf. It comforts him, gives him strength. He's below the lake’s surface again. It is cool and soothing. It gives him the will to continue. “For me, it is comfort. Protection, like the embrace of a mother. It has given me the ability to survive when I thought I was forsaken. When I was abandoned, it was in the darkness that I found hope. A lot of people fear the Dark Side of the Force. The Jedi of old preached balance,” Kylo feels his voice becoming firmer, more confident. “And yet they sought to erase the Sith. They destroyed so much. Tried to wipe out the Dark Side. To act as if such a thing had never existed. But,” he glances around, and his gaze ends up lingering on Finn. For a moment he feels sadness. A loneliness. His throat closes up and he has to swallow several times before he can speak again. “But balance requires both Light and Dark. Day and night. Otherwise it all falls apart, otherwise,” his stomach clenches. He's speaking to a group of Resistance kitchen workers. There is no way they can understand what he's about to tell them. “Otherwise Snoke wins,” his stomach clenches.”Otherwise everything, everything that matters, that really true matters-” Kylo snaps his fingers. “It dies. It ends.” Silence follows this, but Kylo pushes past it. He feels more like Ben in this moment. “But there are some, precious few who are neither, who are truly balanced. Grey,” a for a moment as faint smile creeps onto his face as he looks at Finn. “It is in them that I would place hope. Not the Light nor the Dark. But in balance.” He drops his eyes, feeling self conscious. His throat is dry, it has been ages since he has spoken so much. So honestly. Part of it feels good. Feels like a great relief, a burden has been lifted from him. He's shaking slightly, breathing hard and he feels like he may collapse. He feels lighter than he has in years. In this moment he is Ben . Everything feels right. A hand rests on his shoulder and gives it a squeeze. Ben glances at Finn and the former ‘Trooper nods making eye contact with someone behind the fallen knight. Ben turns and looks, his eyes fall on Leia Organa standing in the doorway. She has tears in her eyes and a hand over her mouth. “Mom-” the word leaves his lips before he can stop it. She takes a step towards him, reaching out to him. And with her comes the Light . Suddenly time speeds up. The feeling of calm that had filled him evaporates. He sees the wall of burning, blazing Light coming for him. Fear takes hold of him. Suddenly he’s cold. Terrified. She will kill him. Hurt him. He doesn't know if he’s Ren or Ben anymore and it only takes the split second for the confusion to set in. For the fear to take hold. For panic to swallow him. And as Leia takes her next step towards him, he runs. --- When he wanted to, Kylo could be incredibly fast. Most might look at his large frame and think him slow and lacking coordination. But, when spurred on by fear he became remarkably agile, pulling from the Force and using it to quicken his reflexes. The man is almost a blur as he runs through the base. He has no destination in mind as he jumps over crates and droids. No escape plan as he dodges and weaves between startled soldiers. He just knows he cannot go through that pain again. Not at his own mother’s hands. He’d always hated it when he was little, when she’d speak kind and comforting words but then rip him asunder through the Force. When she would cradle him close and tender only to flood him with Light. It would hurt so terribly! He’d never had the courage to ask her why? What had he done so wrong? Had she known, even back then, what he would become? Had she suspected he would fail to become a Jedi, that he would become a monster? Was that why she had hurt him? How many nights had he laid awake as a child, desperately trying to puzzle it out? Trying to understand why his mother’s physical actions did not match up with what she did through the Force. She always spoke of justice and fairness, surely she would not punish him, not hurt him without reason? But if he didn’t know what he’d done wrong, what evil act he had committed, how could he ever make it right? How many nights had he cried himself to sleep over the pain of his own mother’s rejection? Even as an adult, it got no easier to bear. And he’d been trying ! He’d been trying so fucking hard! But it was never enough. Never good enough. Perhaps Snoke had been right after all… Kylo bursts out of the underground base and into the sunlight and fresh air. He runs on pure instinct now, his feet take him up one of the many grassy knolls that dot the base. Once at the crest of the hill he comes to a stop, his chest is heaving and yet he can’t get enough air. He hurts , not just physically, although he sure that will come soon enough, but his head aches and spins, his heart feels like it is being gnawed on by angry fire wasps. He’s tired of hurting! He’s tried! He’s done the best he can! Why does she keep hurting him? Why? Why? Why? Kylo falls to his knees and screams at the sky. Two decades worth of pent up frustration, confusion and pain course through him. In the back of his mind he knows he’s broken all the terms of his probation. He knows that when they come for him, and they will come for him, can’t have a monster rampaging around the base, it will be with blasters. As his screams die down into short, harsh breaths that threaten to skip straight into hiccups, his fingers knot in the grass and dirt beneath him. He’d not been outside in weeks, Kylo realizes. It makes him a little bit sad, because he’d always loved being outside as a child. Lying in the grass, basking in the sun next to Poe. That was right, he wasn’t ever going to see Poe again now. He’d fucked up. Ruined it. That thought does bring tears to his eyes and Kylo bows his head down to the earth. It’s not the first time that he despondently wishes Finn had just shot him all those weeks ago. It’s not worth it. Not worth this pain. None of it is. “Ben?” Monsters don’t get good things. Monsters deserve misery. Suffering. The mental mantra is too easy to fall back into. All it takes is a tiny bit of despair. A single small nudge and the flimsy hope that he’s pieced together in the past weeks comes crashing down around his ears. “Ben, please .” Her hand touches the back of his head and he can feel the Light all around him, roaring like a wildfire, threatening to crush him, bury him alive like an avalanche. It hurts! It burns ! A pained noise leaves him. There is a gasp and as suddenly as the Light as flooded him, threatening to cause him to combust, it is gone. He doesn’t understand. His confusion makes him raise his head and stare up at the person addressing him. Leia Organa looks so sad in this moment. So full of woe, as if her heart is broken. Her hand still rests on his head, her fingers in his hair.. “Oh, Ben,” her voice is soft and for a moment Kylo feels like a child again. He feels the ache, the part of him that wants to run to her and hide his face against her. To feel comfort from his mother, that’s all he’s ever wanted! All he ever wanted was her love! He wants to scream at her! To ask her why ? Why for the love of the Force and the stars was he never good enough? But the words are stuck in his throat. He can’t seem to make them come out. Leia slowly sits on the ground across from him and he can see how she’s aged. But she is still beautiful. She is still the same majestic and proud woman, time could never take that away from her. And he hates himself for how much he loves her still. How much he craves her affection and approval. “Ben, I’m so sorry,” she whispers and before he can scramble away from her, she’s pulling him into her arms. Embracing him as if he’s a little child again, his head resting against her breast. Something inside him snaps. His arms go around her and suddenly he has to talk. If he doesn’t he feels like he’ll burst, he’ll explode and lose what little of his mind he has left. The words tumble out, halting and choked as he babble and sobs in her arms. “I tried so hard to be what you wanted! To make you proud! But it was never enough! You made that clear every time you-you-” he sobs as she strokes his hair. He can’t stop shaking! “And then you sent me away ! You knew all along that I could never be a Jedi and you threw me out! You were so disgusted by me, you hated me! You punished me for existing! I could never be part of the Light so you hurt me with it! You-You-” “I made mistakes, Ben,” Leia whispers, her hands stroking his hair, holding him close. Her child, her only child. Her boy, no matter how tall he grew, he would always be her baby. “But, never once have I ever stopped loving you.” Her son clings her to her and she can feel his hurt, his ache and how badly he’s wanted this simple thing for so long. She hugs her son a little tighter, remorse fills her, years of regret. It is easier to see now, after years of experience, that the Force, like life itself, is not a neat line of black and white. As a young, Force-sensitive mother she had thought only of giving her child warmth and love, that the Light would surely comfort him. Because the Light was good, and the Darkness was bad, an oversimplified view. A faulty view, and her son had suffered for it. She hadn’t even realized what she was doing to her own son! She had not been aware enough in the Force to know the magnitude of what she was doing! Her understanding of the Force had been so minimal when she was younger, and as a mother she’d had driven her only child away! It was only in the last decade that she herself had really started to gain control of the power that flowed around her. Really started to understand the Force. Now she presses her Light down, not hiding it, but stepping out of the flow of the Force for just a moment. Diverting it elsewhere so she might hold her son, so she could comfort him without causing him agony and pain. Like she should have done years ago. He peers up at her and she knows her shirt is soaked from where he’s pressed his face against it. She cups his face in her hands and smiles sadly at him. “What I would give to take all those years of pain away,” she feels her own tears start to fill her eyes. He wants to believe her as she strokes his face and touches him so gently. As he clings to her as if he was a child again and not nearly two feet taller than her. Her touch is different than Finn and Poe, it’s the touch that he’s missed for so long. And finally, finally , it comes without pain. He casts a tendril of his Force power out and finds no malevolence. The Light in there, but diverted, held off and instead of the pain, instead of the plasma burning his nerves away into madness instead he can actually focus on what she’s saying to him. On her true intentions and feelings. Oh! Oh he feels her love ! It is warm and real. It’s like a cloud burst summer day. Warm and wet and full of joy and life. It overwhelms him and suddenly he’s babbling again. “Mom,” he whispers. Force help him he’s missed her! He can’t stop, he just whispers the word over and over. “Mom. Mom. Mom. I’m sorry! I’m so sorry!” Her hands are stroking his face and she hugs him again, rocking him slightly. She gives him time to acclimate, to get his mind and perceptions in sync. The war, the confusion within her son is so loud and heart breaking. “I know baby. I know,” she whispers and he feels her regret. He feels her sorrow. But beneath it all, stronger than anything is her love . She’s crying now, he can feel her tears dripping onto the top of his head. “I’m so sorry Ben,” she whispers tightly. “I thought I was helping you! There was so much I didn’t understand!” If she could go back and do it all over again she would. She would do it right! But that isn’t an option. All she can do is love him as much as she can with the time they have left. “I tried ,” he whimpers and she can feel him desperately trying to explain, to make her understand. “I swear, I tried Mom!” “I know you did baby, I know,” Leia assures him. “It’s okay. It’s going to be all right. I’ve got you. I love you Ben, I love you.” “I missed you,” her son mumbles softly and she can feel his ache. How hollow he’d felt. How alone . Her hands stroke his hair. “I missed you so much!” “We missed you too. We wanted you back Ben.” Her words inspire a fresh wave of sobs, and she feels his sorrow ratchet up another notch and then he’s sobbing apologies into her breast again. “Ben, Ben look at me,” she raises his head so their eyes meet, her thumb runs along the scar that has taken most of the vision from his right eye. Her boy, her beautiful baby boy. She loves him. Despite all that has happened. Despite all they have lost. She knows in this moment that all of it was worth it. That if Han were here, he would feel the same. “I love you Ben. I forgive you,” she tells him and she feels him pressing against her mind with the Force. He’s feeling her out like a hound trying to catch a scent. He’s afraid to trust her, Leia realizes. It hits home then, just how great the damage to her son is. “I forgive you Ben. You’re safe. We’ll fix things. It’ll be all right,” she promises him. She feels the hopeful nudge against her from something that is not there and out of the corner of her eye catches sight of a great, black beast. But she is not afraid, and she lets her son in. She opens herself to him. Ben gasps and his grip on her tightens as he cautiously explores. Gently pressing against her mind, a damp, cool weight, peering inside with wide eyed curiosity. He does not harm her, and like a curious Loth-cat, he paws at things. Overturning memories and stirring up emotions so they swirl about like dust shaken from a long unused blanket. Leia feels tears fall from her eyes as he explores. But then it is suddenly over. A massive sigh leaves him, and her son relaxes in her arms. He pulls out of her mind, trying to be careful, to set things back where he’d found them, as if the memories were simply upended furniture. And then he cries. Not the harsh, pained and ugly noises from earlier. But a cleansing cry. It was in shocked relief that he had discovered the truth. That they both had. Leia lets him lie there in her lap and just strokes his hair. She has her son back! Her precious child! Her only child! He is home, after a long, hard journey, he is finally home! And she finally understands what went wrong all those years ago. How delicate and impressionable the mind of a child was. Especially a Force-aware child. Her efforts to take care of him and protect him had only made it easier for Snoke to take hold of her boy. But now, now she can do better. They both can. She can sense his Force power. He’s undeniably Dark Sided, but it doesn’t feel heavy and constricting, like when she’d first sensed Snoke. She wonders though how much of this reaction to the Light has that monster implanted this on her child? If Snoke were to die, would it set Ben free to touch the Light without fear? Without pain? Right now it doesn’t matter. She has better control of her own abilities than she did years ago. Where her son cannot seem to shut off the constant flow of energy, she can shunt it to the side, she can step back and give him this much needed space for affection without harm. Ben is like a wild river, cold, chaotic and foaming as it races over the rocks. Leia places herself right in the middle of it. She knows she won’t drown. And after a moment she can feel his care for her leaking through the whirlwind. His hunger for her love, for her approval, like any child. That longing for a bond that should have been formed years ago. For a moment she wishes Han was here with them, and feels a small bit of bitterness rise up in her. But she pushes it aside. Han is looking down on them now, surely, she tells herself. He knows that Ben is home, that things will finally start to go right . Notes: The heart of a mother is a deep abyss at the bottom of which you will always find forgiveness. -Honore de Balzac Chapter 9 Notes: Once you choose hope, anything’s possible ~Christopher Reeve Thank you for accompanying me on this journey. Please take the time to read the amazing work done the lovely astropixie . She's the ones who got me into the idea that Darkpilot/Knightpilot/KyPoe/BenPoe could be a thing, and really opened my eyes to the variety of ships and the amazing meta theories and discussions out there. This story and the series it is part of is my gift to her, for her undying willingness to discuss and explore things with me and being such a wonderful friend. We also had some amazing art entered in the contest and made in general! Please check out these lovely works and send the artists so love: By fandoms.stole.my.sanity on ig By poe_damerons_sister on ig By sadaboutstarwars on ig By sadaboutstarwars on ig fandoms.stole.my.sanity on ig fandoms.stole.my.sanity on ig fandoms.stole.my.sanity on ig Thank you to everyone who has left kudos. Thank you to all my sweet little ghost readers as well. Please if you find the time, leave a little comment here at the end. It is vastly appreciated and gives me hope that I've not totally mucked this up. <3 (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Darkness. He was floating in that bottomless pit. The abyss. At first he made the mistake of thinking he was alone. But then the screams reached him. Then the faces of those who had died by his hand swam into his vision. They twisted and shifted until they became one indistinguishable blur. And then he was no longer floating, but falling . Falling and falling. Endless was his descent. If into madness or into death, he could not tell. He never did hit the ground. Rather the world righted itself and he found himself on that damn bridge again. On Starkiller Base, again. His father within arm’s reach, begging him to come back. Telling him to come home. That he was missed. Wanted even. Kylo tries to look away, he knows what will happen. The lightsaber will ignite between them. It will pierce through Han Solo’s heart, literally cooking the vital organ and the man will have a few precious, agonizing seconds of life left after the act has been committed. He will have just enough time to become aware of what has happened to him. And then he will reach up and stroke Kylo’s face as tears stream down it. And he will forgive his son. Then… Then Han Solo will fall. Kylo looks back at the scene as he hear the lightsaber ignite. He reaches out, screaming at himself not to do it- His heart stops. For it is not Han on that bridge with him. Not this time. It is Poe. B-Ben, blood bubbles up from his mouth as he tries to speak. The saber has run him through and he reaches out, just like Han had done and cups Kylo’s face. Heartkeeper, his voice is hoarse, agonized at the betrayal. Poe does not fall off the bridge like Han had done, but instead slumps forward into Kylo’s arms. No, Kylo whispers as he watches the scene play out. No, no, no! He looks away from the scene, trying to tell himself it wasn’t real! It wasn’t! That had never happened! It wasn’t real! Stop it! Get out of my head! Get out of my head! I have no use for pawns any longer, which is why you my dear boy are a knight . A very valuable piece in this galactic chess game. Now to finish your training-’, GET OUT! GET OUT! GET OUT! --- He jerks awake with a scream on his lips. His entire body is covered in sweat and he’s shaking. Quickly, he takes inventory of his surroundings. He is on D’Qar, at the Resistance base. He is alone in his room. It has been… four months now since he stepped foot on the planet. Three and a half since Poe left for his mission. His name is… He blinks. Is he Ben or Ren ? For a terrifying moment he doesn’t know. He feels like Ren. Frightened, hurting and angry. But he desperately wants to be Ben. He wants to be useful. He wants to be good . He wants a place here. He’s tired of being frightened, of hurting. He wants to be better . He wants… to help . The fallen knight stands, shaking on his feet as his heart rate slowly drops back to normal. He knows he’s not supposed to leave his quarters at night, but he itches, burns to do something. To take some sort of action. It’s strange to feel this bizarrely compelling motivation, but he welcomes it. It is different than the despair and anxiety. It feels… It feels like he finally has a purpose. The council had initially given him the condition that he could bargain information for his life once he was rehabilitated. The knight knew that day was soon approaching, but he also wasn’t sure if he could face the council again. Public speaking in that form was not his strong suit. The thought of standing before them once more under their unforgiving scrutiny made his stomach knot with anxiety. Besides, Kylo Ren had not really be part of the First Order. He had been Snoke’s apprentice. But Ren knew very little of the command structure of the Order, nor its greater plans. Finn also had knowledge gaps. He could only contribute so much, stormtroopers were not privy to battle plans. That was something that only ranked officers had information about. How could he possibly help? “Ben?” Leia’s voice reached his ears and he froze. In his distress he’d gotten up and left his room, he’d been pacing in the dimly lit hallway, hands tugging at his hair, clawing lightly at his arms. He feels over stimulated and panicked, like a great storm is coming. He can all but hear the thunder. “Ben, what are you doing?” His mother, somehow magically dressed and without a hair out of place, came up to him. He looked away, his hands clenching into fists. It wasn’t until one of hers rested over his that he let go the breath he’d been holding. He was shaking again. “I-” his voice sounds strange to his own ears. As if it isn’t his own. She waits, patiently. “I wanted to help,” he whispers. “I… I can’t give council the information they want. That they need. I don’t know anything about the Order!” “Ben it’s okay,” Leia tells him. She takes her other hand and rests it over Kylo’s other fist, giving them both gentle squeezes. She doesn’t argue with him, doesn’t insist that he must have knowledge, like some of the other Resistance leaders had. She thinks to have woken Finn, her son has taken to pacing the halls in the night when he can’t sleep. Something that has given more than a few maintenance workers quite a fright. Sometimes Finn is awake already by the time she gets to her son, but more recently Leia has been first there. This time however, Finn makes no appearance. “I…” Kylo can feel the words in the back of his throat, they’re almost there! Almost out! He has to talk! Has to tell her! Tell someone! Because if he doesn’t… Oh Force, if he doesn’t then what if that terrible dream comes true? He can’t tell if his dreams are Force sent or parting gifts from his master. Kylo just knows he’s gotten off too easy. He’s escaped too well. With too little consequence. After all he’s done… “I want to make it right! I want to help!” he says in a rush that leaves him panting for breath. He looks at his mother, expression stricken. “But… “ his breath starts to come too fast again. “Easy,” Leia soothes him, her thumbs rub against the back of his hands. She takes a deep breath. Her son’s thoughts are chaotic, bouncing around without connection, at least not one that she can divine, not without calling upon the Force. Not without risking damage to Ben that would destroy the fragile trust they’ve established. “One thing at a time. Ben… Ben what is it?” He’s pulled away from her and is scrubbing at his face with his hands, not crying but distressed all the same. She can feel his self-loathing, his regret coming off of him in waves as he crouches on the floor. Leia kneels on the ground, ignoring how much it bothers her knees to do so and hugs her son. “Ben, talk to me. What is it? You can tell me.” He mumbles a response, pressing his head against her shoulder. “What was that now?” “All I’m good for is patricide,” he spits the words out. “Ben,” she gently takes his face and forces him to look at her. “That’s not true.” He lifts his head to stare at her, lips trembling. “You know it is.” “You are so much more than what Snoke has told you. You are better you-” Her son looks away, pulling back and shifting to stand and pace once more. He does that a lot when he’s stressed she notices. The movement seems to help him process things. But after several minutes he doesn’t speak. Leia realizes he’s waiting for her to ask . That he needs her to ask. Needs her to care . She isn’t sure where to start, where to begin. But then the question comes to her: “Ben, what happened after the battle at Starkiller?” Her son pauses in his pacing. He’s quiet for a time, trembling. “I was taken to Snoke. I was barely alive. Held together by thread-” “There was not bacta? No treatment for you?” Leia interjects, alarmed. Kylo shakes his head. “My master’s orders. No bacta, just enough treatment to keep me alive,” he sighed heavily, his hands go to grip at his forearms, blunt nails digging into his skin. “It was as if I was in a trance,” he whispered. “I moved, but my body wasn’t mine to control. Like I was adrift, watching from afar. I… stood before Snoke and…” He can’t escape the memory of the deaths around him. Of his master’s terrible display of power. It had been so simple. As if brushing away an irksome fly. Snoke had snapped his fingers and those standing around Kylo had burst. Their atoms combusted in on themselves and in an instant they were no more. Clothes, bones, flesh and blood, simply exploded, vaporizing into a fine red mist that soaked the wounded knight like and abominable baptism. Kylo had wanted to run. Wanted to scream in terror. But he couldn’t. Couldn’t move. Couldn’t breathe as he felt the blood trickle down his face, soak into his hair. He could taste it, smell it as it wormed its way into his clothes and skin. “Snoke has assumed control of the First Order,” he looked at his mother, hoping she understands. Praying she does. Hux could have been reasoned with. Hux was human. Fanatical. But human all the same. Snoke… Snoke was entirely mad. Snoke wasn’t just of the Dark Side, he was the abyss itself. He was the Void. The monster that consumed without end. “When he comes here, and he will come,” Kylo’s voice sounds watery, as if he’s choking again. “It will be a slaughter. There will be no prisoners. No mercy. We will all die!” He punches the wall, he has to make her understand! He has to! Leia looks away, thinking hard. This… this was something she’d not expected. “What of Hux?” she looked back at her son. She felt sick to her stomach at the thought of the gruesome scene her son had been projecting, playing over in his mind. That this monster had been manipulating her son this whole time! That he had played into Ben’s fears and divided them! The horrors that Ben had been exposed to! “I… I don’t know,” he whispers. “I don’t remember,” Kylo feels dizzy, ill. Like he’s infected with some sort of alien flu. Then, he feels the last thing he expects: his mother pulls him into her arms and hugs him. “It’s okay Ben. You’re here now. You’re trying to help,” Leia holds him as tightly as he can and her son bends so he can hug her properly. She is glad that he returns the embrace. “Telling me is important. We need to prepare for this new danger. You’ve saved many lives.” Kylo wants to argue, wants to insist that it isn’t nearly enough. But he doesn’t, he feels dim witted and slow, tired again. So instead he just accepts her embrace. Her love. It is comforting and the shaking slowly stops. Leia pulls back and one of her hands strokes his face, tracing over that terrible scar as Ben closes his eyes. His shoulders slump and he sighs. The fallen knight closes his eyes and presses his forehead forwards against his mother’s. He’s breathing hard and he feels her fingertips go to his temples to gently rub there. She’s trying to comfort him, encourage him. He can feel her love, and knows he is unworthy of it. He doesn’t deserve it, but he wants it. Craves it like a spice addict. “Ben,” Leia murmurs. This they can work with. This they can use to their advantage. ”Do… do you think you could tell this to the council. Just the facts. They don’t need to know the finer details. Do you think you could do that for me Ben?” she knows she’s asking a lot. That her son is terrified of touching those painful recollections. But it must come from him. The sooner he is trusted, the sooner she can reveal that he is her son. Although that’s not to say that there haven’t been rumors already given the incident from earlier that week in the kitchen. He swallows heavily, his posture stiffening, but he nods. “I… I can. I can,” he repeats softly. Leia kisses his forehead. “I’m so proud of you Ben, you’ve come so far-” “It isn’t enough.” “It is for now. It is for now. Come,” she takes his hand, leading him from the room. --- He finds himself sitting on the small couch in her quarters as she rummages through boxes in a closet for something. He feels exhausted, the worst of his fearful emotions run through him and leaving him drained. Finally his mother finds what she was looking for and she hides it behind her back as she approaches him. She’s smiling as she sits across from him. “I kept this after you disappeared. I never could stand to throw it out. It didn’t seem right to do so,” she explained as she brought the item forward for him to see. A small gasp leaves him. In that very instant he truly is Ben once more. With trembling hands he takes the offered item. “Revan,” he whispers softly, his hands stroke over fur worn thin from years of childhood love of the loth cat plush. “I remember him being so much bigger.” “For a while it was half the size of you,” Leia tells him softly. “I can’t believe you kept him,” Ben whispers as he hugs the plush against his chest. The toy is tiny now, but he’s not forgotten how he used to sleep with it every night. How much he treasured that toy as a child. The comfort it brought him when he’d had nightmares. The loth cat plush had been his only friend and companion. He’d taken it everywhere with him as a child. Even to Senate meetings when he’d been brought along with his mother. And on cold nights in deep space when he’d gone on adventures with his father. “Of course I kept him Ben,” Leia puts a hand on his knee. “He reminded me of you .” Ben looks at her, hugging the plush tightly. For the first time since he’s set foot on this planet, he finally feels like he’s home . Tears well up in his eyes and he doesn’t even try to stop them and he blubbers his thanks to her. As he tries to tell her how grateful he is, even if he’s unworthy. Even if he’s done terrible things. “I love you mom,” he whispers as she hugs him tightly, the plush squished between them. “I know you do Ben. That’s why I never gave up on you. You’re home now. You’re safe,” Leia tells him. They’re going to stop Snoke. They’re going to stop the First Order. They’ll make things right again. But first, she’s going to hold her son until his crying stops. She’ll stroke his hair until he falls asleep on the small couch, clutching that childhood toy and then she’ll cover him with a blanket and go back to her own bed. He needs these reminders, these reassurances, that he is safe, that he is loved. It has been called into question so many times over the years. It is high she stopped allowing for such a thing to happen. Because once it is no longer a question then doubt can’t settle in. Then he is one step closer to being free from Snoke. She presses a kiss to his temple as he sleeps. “I love you Ben. I never stopped. And I never will. And I am so proud of how far you’ve come.” --- Kylo stares at the beings before him, humans and aliens of all genders and ages. The silence presses in on him. It takes all his willpower not to break. Not to snap under the pressure. It’s almost like a game of chicken. Who gives first? “I find this to be strangely convenient,” one of the Resistance leaders says. “What proof do you have?” “Only my word,” his heart is beating too fast. He’s certain he’s about to be sick right there in front of the tribunal. Finn is nearby, but even that doesn’t make the anxiety any easier. Doesn’t lessen the severity of what he’s said. The frightening reality. “So you expect us to trust you?” The question infuriates Kylo. No, in all honesty he doesn’t expect them to do a damn thing. He expects them to brush him off and then all of them to die when Snoke appears in the center of their base. The knight tries to take a deep breath to calm himself. He must be calm. But being calm had never been his strong suite. “We have no intel on the Supreme Leader, only accounts that suggest he is more of a boogey man than anything. You expect us to believe that such a powerful being exists-” “You’ve confirmed with Finn that he does!” Kylo cannot hold back his protest. He knew this would happen! This was exactly why he didn’t want to come before the council again. “But you simply must understand, we cannot be careless. Cannot hinge the lives of all our people on the word of a madman and a murder. You’ve already admitted that your reality is skewed. And while I have to say, this is a fantastical story you’ve spun-” “IT’S THE TRUTH!” Kylo slams his hand down on the table before him. He can sense them, they regard him like a wild animal, like a rabid beast. They will never trust him. It wouldn’t matter if Leia claimed him as her own or not. Kylo realizes that he’s risen to his feet, that he’s snarling and pulling from the Force. With great effort he forces himself to sit back down, to try and contain his frustration. Not that it will do any good. He sighs heavily, hanging his head. “Listen to me, please ,” he begs. “Why? What motivation could you possibly have for telling the truth other than to save your own skin?” Kylo looks up at those being surrounding him. He glances back at Finn and then his eyes go to Leia. He tries to think of what his father might have said, Han Solo always had been a clever talker. A trait that the knight was desperately wishing he had inherited right now. A heavy sigh leaves him and he shrugs, hold his hands up in a exasperated surrender. He wants to pace but that will make those surrounding him uneasy, he needs them to listen to him! He shakes his head. This goes beyond the desperate desire to be free of pain. “I know what Snoke can do. I’ve seen his power. Even if your scavenger girl finds Skywalker-” Kylo scoffs, “He won’t be enough to stop Snoke. Least of all when the might of the First Order comes down upon our heads. And…” he stops, considering his next words carefully. I’m sorry, he thinks towards his mother and means it. “I don’t want to see my mother die,” he admits quietly, looking at the floor. The council before him goes still. He is fairly certain he’s about to be shot. The silence stretches and the agony of their stillness begins to feel maddening. There is a single set of footsteps and then warm arms go around him. In that moment, once more, like the night prior, the broken, fallen knight feels like Ben as his mother hugs him. “Go with Finn,” she tells him quietly. “The council and I have much to discuss.” Leia presses a kiss to the top of his head and Ben can sense the shock of those around him turn in a mix of baffled confusion. There is an uncurrent of anger, of fear and in that moment he is loath to leave her side as the embrace ends. Slowly he stands, and with Finn by his side the two men leave the war room as the council breaks into chaos and questions. Slowly Ben lets out a breath and leans back against the wall. He’s shaking a bit and Finn takes his hands, standing squarely in front of him. “Hey, you all right?” Ben manages to nod. “You’re a terrible liar.” “Yeah. I know.” “Did you mean it? Do you think Snoke can crush even Skywalker?” Ben looks away, his throat working. “I’ve trained under both of them. My uncle is strong but…” he shakes his head, the slow motion image those around him burst into a mist, literally disintegrating, with merely a thought from the ancient being, replaying itself in his mind. “You know how massive the Order is. You know what they achieve with Hux leading them, now with a mad being like Snoke at the helm...” Ben shudders. “Eventually my master will seek Skywalker out. Eventually he will come for us-” Ben stops mid-sentence, his eyes going wide. His head cocks to the side. There is a tremor in the Force and Ben sucks in a shallow breath. “Finn!” He grips the other man’s hands tightly. “What?” “They’re back!” --- Ben could feel Poe. His energy radiated through the Force, bright and joyous. Tired, but happy . Ben wanted nothing more than to run up to the pilot and hug him and never let him go. Finn ran alongside him through the halls of the base and the excitement was contagious and Ben could feel himself outright grinning . All pretense was forgotten, all worries erased, at least temporarily. Poe was back! He was home! Ben found himself screeching to a halt just outside the hanger. He was unable to move forward. Finn ran passed him, caught up in the moment, running to where the pilot was climbing out of his X-Wing. He wants to run to the other man. Yet he stands, rooted to the spot. Afraid. What if Poe sees him as he really is? Scarred and terrible? Instantly he feels like Ren again. He hates it. The guilt. The nagging knowledge that he had done so much wrong and barely scraped the surface of being able to make it right. And some of it he can never make right. Not to mention that to even get to Poe he has to make his way through the crowd that is welcoming him and Jessika back. Anxiety seizes him. It closes up his throat. It makes him want to find the darkest corner on the base and hide in it. He could just slink back to his room. Just hide there until Poe came looking for him. If he came looking for him that was. If Poe had half a brain he wouldn’t. If he wanted a healthier, better relationship he would just stay with Finn. At least with Finn he could… Kylo sighed, biting on his lip until it threatened to bleed. He didn’t want to give Poe up! But his own fear was paralyzing him. And after being before the council, he didn’t think he had the strength to wade through the crowd. He was afraid… Even if he didn’t know what of. Even if the anxiety was blind and unspecific. Facing that many people… Coward. You always were weak. Ill-disciplined and fragile. Kylo snarls at the words. At the cold weigh that tries to settle on his shoulders. “I’m not weak,” he whispers through clenched teeth. I could make you strong. All you have to do is- “Dameron,” Kylo doesn’t give the words a chance to take root. He pushes himself forward, using the Force to project his voice over the hanger as he steps out. The entire place goes still. For a moment Kylo is certain that this is a terrible mistake. But then his eyes meet Poe’s and that’s all the strength he needs. One foot in front of the other, he crosses the room to the pilot. People part for him, he hears whispers, murmurs around him and the skulking and hateful presence in the back of his head is screaming at him that Poe will never love him. That he will never be good enough. He is too broken. Too damaged. Too dangerous. They’ll only use him and then discard him. It threatens him with pain . That is what makes Kylo’s steps falter. Then he sees Finn, standing just next to Poe, a smile on his face. Come on, he’s waiting for you. The warm mist seems to wrap itself around Kylo and in that moment, he simply is . The space closes between himself and the pilot and they stare at each other. “So,” Poe says after a moment, a half-grin on his face. “Who talks first? Do you talk first? Do I talk first?” Kylo snorts softly and then leans down a bit pulls Poe against him, hugging the pilot for all he’s worth. “I missed you,” he whispers against Poe’s hair as he breathes him in. As he tries to desperately retain every bit of sensory input from this moment. From how warm the pilot is, to his smell. “I missed you so fucking much.” He hears the murmurs around them grow in volume, but the moment Poe’s arms go around him, they’re forgotten and Kylo could cry. His body shakes and Poe hugs him tightly. “I missed you too Heartkeeper.” Nothing matters in this moment. Not Snoke, nor the Resistance council nor the people and aliens surround them in this moment. All that is important is in his arms. Poe Dameron. The man who makes him feel like Ben again, just by smiling at him. The fallen knight pulls away slightly, his large hands going cup Poe’s face. Fingers trace delicately over the scar under his right eye. Kylo rests his forehead against Poe’s. “I love you,” he whispers, his voice trembles. But it is the truth. The terrifying truth. Before Poe has a chance to respond, Kylo ducks his head and presses a soft kiss against his lips. It is almost chaste in gesture, and holds special meaning for them. It has since they were young. For Ben, something as simple as a kiss was worth its weight in gold. It was more intimate than it had any business being. It was his greatest gift, reserved only for Poe Dameron. He feels Poe tense as the volume of the crowd around them rises again, even FInn cannot seem to contain his surprise at this turn of events. When they part, Poe’s hand slips into his, threading their fingers together, as if it is the most natural thing in the world. The knight thinks his heart may stop. He can feel Poe’s love, different than his mother’s and the friendly affection Finn gives him. And the pride Poe feels at having him by his side. Pride? Poe is proud of him? Before he can study this ridiculous thought any further, Poe stands on tiptoe and places a kiss on his forehead. “I love you too, Ben.” There is the high-pitched chirping from BeeBee-Ate as the round droid forces its way in between them, forcing their hands apart like a jealous cat. Poe almost topples over and the knight has to dive to catch him. A ripple of amused laughter breaks the tension from the crowd as Poe crouches to reassure the little droid that all is well. The knight spares a glance at Finn, his own face blushing crimson. His heart is going too fast, but in the best way. He senses nothing but kindness, nothing but joy coming from Poe’s former and brief beau. Ben feels the anxiety trying to claw its way back into prominence in his mind, it is still there, muted a bit, and honestly he’s not sure how much longer he can tolerate the crowd. A dull roar is starting to build in his ears. But then Finn steps closer to him and puts a comforting hand on his arm. Ben likes how Finn always does that. It’s comforting, nice. “Poe lets get you something to eat that isn’t freeze dried. There’s a lot I’m sure Ben will want to catch you up on. The council is in session now, so your debriefing will have to wait a bit.” Poe grins at the dark skinned man and stands. To Ben’s shock, and secretly, a bit of joy, Poe takes his hand again. In plain view of everyone. “That sounds like a great idea.” As they walk out of the hanger, Ben feels himself shaking and once they’re clear of the worst of the crowd Ben is hugging Poe again as tightly as he can. He feels hope . He feels love . So much and so strong that he fears he may well explode from the intensity of it. Any fear or thoughts of pain are light years away now and dimly, though he doesn’t realize it, a tiny spark of Light takes hold in Ben’s soul. It isn’t radiant like the sun. It doesn’t burn with righteous justice. Rather it’s a little part of him that is a little lighter. A little more grey than black. Fed on hope and love. The journey before them is long, and the path is not easy. There will be obstacles, but in this moment they are all far away. “I’ve got you Ben,” Poe whispers as if he senses how overwhelmed the other man is. “I won’t let you go. Don’t be afraid. I’m right here.” And for the first time in years, Ben feels safe enough to believe it. Notes: It is my hope that I find the energy to continue this little series as the year continues. I have six or seven little fic ideas lined up, but I'll be taking a bit of a hiatus from the fandom side of my creativity. Those of you who have followed me since last year know that I put a lot into my behemoth fic Balance of Power and that it was very draining on me in many ways. Despite having finished it in October/November of last year, I can't find the will nor strength to plunge back into the story, nor work on more projects at this point. I never really took much of a proper break and I'm completely spent. Writing Pained, while it has been quite a joy and privilege, has made me realize just how much I have mentally over extended myself. And while I can only hope that this story is everything that its recipient loves and that it brings her great joy, I am personally very frustrated with it and only wish I could have done better and done MORE with it. That tells me more than anything, especially with the current fandom environment, that I should take a step back and focus on my other interests. I want to continue with this series, as there are so many more adventures for Finn, Poe and Ben to go on. There is still learning and recovery for them all to go through. There are things I want to explore and do justice to. And they need to wait until I feel confident that I can do them and do them well and respectfully. I'm sorry to anyone who was looking forward to an immediate follow up that ended in Snoke's destruction. I hope we can one day reach the point of justice being served, but that day is not today. Nor tomorrow. Even though I feel like I've fallen terribly short, I hope with all my heart that you all have enjoyed the start of this new journey and that you will be willing to join me on the next on we embark on. <3 Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the To Gentle A Monster series Next Work →