Rey I Year 28 ABY For as long as she can remember, she's felt the call to the ocean. An endless array of green, gray, bright and clouded blue. In her dreams she sees these colors, these foam coated waves so very different from the ever present sand. Unkar had told her there was no such thing as an ocean. Perhaps not on Jakku, but surely the galaxy has a water planet somewhere!!! If all the stars can offer is deserts then her family might be looking for her in the wrong place. That might be why they're talking such a considerable amount of time coming back. No, she says to herself. She shouldn't waste time on such petty ideas. Ideas don't put portions on the table. If they did, her rebel dolly would earn 60 portions per hour. At any rate mister dolly has better ideas than Unkar. When her family comes back, she's definitely not going to visit that overgrown larva. ßß Year 29 ABY Of all her dreams the waters are the most peaceful. The island each current beats against became her sanctuary. The untouchable asylum within the contours of her mind. When the night's frosty air chilled her to the bone, she'd summon the warmth of the island. When her bones broke (she had stopped trading for bacta after turning nine, one patch had cost her twelve portions, it wasn't worth the hunger pangs.) she'd picture the healing rush of the tides. The fourteen year old girl only has two types of dreams, or as she likes to call them: heaven and hell. Heaven is the mountains, beautifully scattered across her island, eternally guarded by the silent guardian angel whose back is always turned. A deep sorrow plagues him, he prays in Amatakka, she's not sure how she knows that but Rey is 100% certain that's what he's speaking. She tries to touch him, feel his cream colored cloak yet he slips away every time. He is like is the horizon, wonderful to gaze upon, exhilarating with the light that shines around him yet impossible to grasp. When she was seven, one of the scavengers had tried to take her to something called a brothel, saying she'd be much more comfortable in a soft feather bed than whatever shelter found here. Rey said no, her family left her on this side of Jakku, they wouldn't check the other side. Besides she likes fixing stuff and this "brothel" doesn't seem the sort of place for those activities. His traveling companion told her no sentient without a mental illness would marry a woman who chose looking for junk over a good night's sleep. Rey quips back that she doesn't want any husband they recommend. When she's all grown up she'll marry the guardian angel. Hell is nowhere as pleasant. Above all, its a feeling: venom dexterously flooding her senses, colder than the snows of Hoth, deadlier than the flames of Mustafar. The poison stems from a shadow, deceptively frail and meek. His robe black as tar, his withered skin accentuating malefic yellow eyes that scrutinize each breath. He feigns endearment to her in public, assumes the role of a loving, grandfatherly figure. In private he touches her breasts with his spiderlike nails. His façade vanishes all too soon as he pulls her down into his quarters. Once the door closes, all modesty vanishes as his talons further blemish a body of mist like ivory, now coated with scarlet gushing through her thighs. With full intent, he thrusts inside her womb in an effort to conceive. She's twelve and pregnant and her Master is ecstatic until she refuses his order to give her child to the inquisitors (whoever they are, they don't sound very nice) when it is born. He says nothing, she's failed him by yielding to a wanton desire ( the real Rey wants to squeeze the life out of this prick for brainwashing anybody this way. Somebody should throw him off a ledge). The day after, he asks " do you love me, my hand?" Her affirmation is so fast she pities her imaginary self. Decrepit palms hand her a chalice. Her devotion helps her silence the shrieks echoing through the air. She drinks and screams from the pain. The small swell of her stomach is gone and she can't have another babe. He praises her loyalty, commends her sacrifice in tones meant to be soothing that sends shivers down her spine. Even worse, in her dreams she loves him for it. She wakes up that day to find blood trickling from her body. Her face turns white and she tries to scream but her lips are too frightened to move. He was real, he did this to me . In a frenzy she scrambles to erase the evidence of his defilement. The old woman at the Nimaa outpost sees her burning undergarments and asks when her moon blood started. She raises both eyebrows in confusion. The moon can bleed? Noticing her bewilderment, the elderly scavenger takes her aside to explain basic female anatomy for humans. The teenage girl has never been so grateful to be proven wrong . Chapter 2 : Han Solo I Summary: Shortly after losing his beloved ship, The Millennium Falcon, the man who was once Han Solo takes a moment to reflect on his life and family while commemorating someone long gone. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Year 26 ABY A lot of people think space is cold. A gaping hole covered in stars to keep it from smothering every living organism. Not Han Solo, for the aged Corellian smuggler space means flying and flying means freedom. Always has, always will. There'd been a time that was all he needed in life. His trusty ship, his pal Chewie, a blaster and occasionally a beautiful woman. He'd joined The Empire to eat, not because he cared about some "backwater terrorists" causing trouble in the Outer Rim. He'd left it when saving his wookie companion* because he was a rebel at heart, though he'd spent his whole life denying if he hadn't booked a flight for an strange old man with sagely eyes traveling alongside a stargazing kid. Lately he's been piling up a ton of regrets but that'll never be one of them. He wonders what that old man would think if he saw him now. Old Kenobi was far too self-contained to gloat, "I told you" might cross his mind but that's the end of it. Still, the old ways had nothing against all-knowing smirks, so he's definitely on the receiving end of one if that old coot's watching over him. He had told a Clone Wars legend he didn't believe in the Force. Now he needs it to be real, otherwise he's just a shell shocked father with no hope of ever finding his boy. He killed countless times during the Galactic Civil War, some for self-preservation but most for The Rebel Alliance yet none of his battle victims come back to haunt him at night. No, the only face that ever did that was his son's. Oh, Benny where are you? Are you safe? Are you paying the cost for our sins? Last time he saw him, Ben was growing like a weed. He wanted to set his stone on the family legacy, with all the ferocity of youth. He and Leia had tried to give him the childhood neither of them got to enjoy. Growing up in the streets robbed him of his innocence just as much as the Empire's shadow did to her. Luke was the only one of the original trio who had a normal life before joining the cause. Maybe that's part of why he's so different: Han would burn half the galaxy for his loved ones, no questions asked unless there were inoccents involved. That's where he draws the line. Leia would burn her enemies alive for the Republic, for the ghost of Alderaan, the cherished memory of Bail Organa. The whole point of fighting a war is restoring the peace so everyone can go home. The princess of Alderaan can never go home, her war will never end. Luke would set himself on fire if it meant no one else had to die. Kid always wore his heart on his sleeve. He brought out the best in people. Tried to save everybody, even the folks who weren't worth it. By some miracle or sheer dumb luck, the kid's constant bets on unlikely redemption paid off when they needed it most. He's paying tribute to one of those crazy gambles right now. Fortunately, nobody recognizes him as he heads to the Jedi Memorial on Yavin 4. He's glad for that, he doesn't want to play-act the myth again. Wordlessly he places a bouquet of Naboo roses next to the figure of a redhead, the artist failed to capture her, he thinks. They painted the warrior and forsook the woman. Her copper hair is loose, dancing as she readies the lightsaber that was Luke's and his father's before him*. She loved braiding it, even if she hated the color at first. Felt it made her an outcast, sorrounded by chestnut, black & blond locks but never admitted it. Her way of dealing with things back then consisted of shielding all pain from the world. Healthy emotions were foreign to her.That never worked on Luke, he saw her in all that mismatched glory. Kid showed her a holocrom of Obiwan Kenobi in his glory days and she felt proud to share a feature with a hero eversince.They've portrayed Luke's padawan, his shield sister, the first of the New Jedi, no reference was made to his wife. It's more simple than the newer momument for the massacre. The Jedi are dramatic in their actions but austere in all forms of decorating. Their way is one of toil and sacrifice, wealth has no place amongst spiritual growth. Gold is and will always be unwelcome in the hall of purity. Luke had said that, standing calm and undaunted, ready for the next adventure. Kid could stand in a room full of treasures and never be tempted. He was never selfish, Mara was the only thing he ever let himself have. After Endor, they had looked for information regarding his mother. Luke expected a quiet country girl who loved till her heart burst. Leia expected a respectable noble woman who found out too late she'd married the Devil. What they found was Queen Amidala, another pedestal to measure themselves to. (Cause Anakin Skywalker, The Organa family and Darth freaking Vader wasn't bad enough. How and when did he become the closest thing to normal in this bunch?) Their cousin Pooja hesitated to touch them. Wedge, Chewie and Lando were more family than this tearstricken woman who hugs Leia like she's a phantom. She complimented Leia telling her how much she looked like her mother. The twins flooded her with questions. Sola, their aunt had answered most of them. Where Pooja had focused on Leia, Sola's interest never left Luke. She led them to their mother's portrait and Han understood why. Pooja was still a child when she lost her aunt. Their relationship was one of love, devotion and loads of admiration on the girl's side but the complexity of Luke and Leia's mother was never fully revealed to her. Sola changed her little sister's diapers, afterwards she carried the queen's cape at Amidala's coronation, sat on the front row of her Senatorial debut & was chief mourner at her funeral. No one save Amidala's handmaidens (the originals, remaining since the Trade Federation invaded) knew her so intimately. Sola had judged Padme's children by the heart. Physically Leia mirrors the deceased Naboo leader but Luke's the one who embodies the loving gaze of his mother. Damn, he misses his best friend Notes: *In the Expanded Universe we learn that Han Solo's friendship with Chewbacca started with the Corellian pilot saving the wookie's life. Han was a young lieutenant in the academy with a bright future ahead of him. His superiors all thought he was Death Squadron material. While silencing a rebel sector in Kashykk, Chewbacca was captured after leading wookie children to safety. The commanding officer told his men to "skin the beast alive". Han defied orders, knocked the officer unconscious and both fled the Empire together. Chewie swore a life debt to Solo and the rest is history. * Luke actually gifted Mara Jade his father's lightsaber in the EU. Chapter 3 : Rey II Summary: The much debated Lor San Tekka comes into the picture as our favorite scavenger learns the "myth" of Luke Skywalker. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) 30 ABY Lor San Tekka should be dead by now, if the laws of logic applied to him. Rey is convinced the spirits watch over the village leader. He insists on being just to all men, courteous to all women. Shares his food and water with strangers. No one's ever fought him, his presence is surprisingly calming. Even Unkar Plutt seems to soften around him. Compassion is a surefire way to get killed out here. The desert is mercilessly blunt in its dealings. It renders no favors, strips you of all vanities. The stupid die first, followed by the reckless, the meek and the generous. Those under his command, or guidance as he prefers to call it , call him a strange title only they understand. Force listener, they say reverently in cautious tones, almost like a prayer or a blessing in disguise. No one knows where he came from, making him subject to many a rumor. The most popular of these puts him as one of the last imperial admirals at the Battle of Jakku. According to this version, Lor San Tekka went back to his starship for a member of his battalion, there after witnessing the horrors he had imparted, he swore to dedicate the rest of his life to peace and teach others to spurn war. Some have proclaimed him a messenger sent by a benevolent God. Others claim he's a demon in beggar's clothing waiting for the right moment to slaughter them all. As far as Rey is concerned, he is a humble man leading a humble people. She's never met the man in person but his settlement is well-fed, educated and clothed. That says a lot about the man in her opinion. The village offers the best medical care on the planet. Quick, uncontaminated and most importantly, free of charge. If she'd been aware of his hospitality since the beginning, then her body would be less scarred. The usual healer is dead. Apparently there's an unwritten rule condemning physicians who fix prosthetics to death. As a result, Rey will be attended by Lor San Tekka himself. Her first reaction to the elderly man is fear. She's never seen a humanoid male older than 40 except the shadow and that's not a good start for any healthy relationship!!! Screw this, she's fifteen: a woman fully grown, she'll set her fractured ribs back herself. He walks noiselessly, assessing the situation before coming closer. Ever so slowly, he places his hand on her shoulder. She's filled in a way she'd never imagined by a peace unlike any other. This is what the shadow pretended to be. How he wanted me to see him. The shadow's comfort was a well placed illusion made to shroud the depths of his gruesome desires , Lor San Tekka's is the reality. Alright then, sir. I'll give you a chance ( if he starts resembling the shadow in even the tiniest bit, her staff goes through his heart, consequences be damned.) He tends to her wounds methodically, his touch never lingering more than the necessary. When he's finished he views her, not with pity, stars she hates pity, but as if he believes no living soul should endure her plight. So that's what empathy looks like .... By the end of the week, a new healer arrives. She asks to be always be attended by Lor San Tekka. He catches her reading his manual and takes it upon himself to teach her as many languages as possible. Her upbringing presents a challenge, something he can't wait to overcome. Rey grows increasingly fond of him. When most people look at the scavenger they see a burden, a nuisance. The old man sees someone he can't quite place. "Like a dream, or the dream of a dream. At any rate I'm not qualified to uncover your secret, my child. My specialty lies in books. I hail from a world of ponderous tomes more than the present day. Someone more adept at reading people will be the one to decipher your code, little one." he tells her while eating his gruel. "I'd rather you stuck to your books. Dreams are a joyless affair, my friend. Be wary of them, please". Okay, maybe she sounds a little desperate but it's not like friends are easy to find here!!!! Thankfully, he takes her advice and never mentions dreams again. To make up for it, he bring her to the village storytelling. Their oral history opens her mind in ways she'd never imagined. She has something to look forward to.Her inner child rejoices at the thought of Darth Revan and Bastila Khan defeating Malak, the Battle of Alderaan, Mandalore's pacifist reform, Master Yoda's wisdom, Lady Padme's lament. Of the rebellion forged by Amidala's dying breath and the lives of Bail Organa, Mon Mothma, Galen Marek and Ahsoka Tano. That's where she hears his name. Luke Skywalker , she thinks, is the greatest story ever told for he is hers. She's certain that he belongs to her as much as her angel. More than anything except her family, she wants him to be real. At night, just after counting the markings on her AT-AT she whispers his name, in an effort to will him into existing. Some of the travellers mention him in passing. Every opinion regarding him is absolute. Sithsp awn, trigge r-happy conjurer th e lost Inner-Rim pleasure cruisers label him ( she pun ches th at capt ain i n th e ja w), Criminal scum, mass murdering cultist th e stormtroopers call him (Lor San Tekka sto ps h er from knocking t he bu cket off hi s face) . Savior, comrade in arms th e middle-aged pilot declares him ( sh e hu gs *We dge Antill es who than ks h er for defen ding wh at Luke repre sents). Whether or not he's a myth is irrelevant to all of them. They've taken a farmboy, shaped him to fit their point of view, determine who gets to play God, paint a War black and white. They picture Luke and see Empires topple, good versus evil, an endless cycle of "justice's pursuit." All she sees is Luke, that's why most of the galaxy will never understand the way she loves his story. Notes: *Wedge Antilles: the most underappreciated character of the Original Trilogy. The only person besides Luke to attack and survive both Death Stars. Han comes in at the last minute, he gets the medal, the girl, the cosplay and a horde of fangirls. Wedge was in ANH, ESB & ROTJ. Lando was only in ESB & ROTJ but everyone knows him. Wedge led Rogue Squadron while Luke was on Dagobah, deserted the Empire to join the rebels and got tortured by Isard in the EU but never spilled any secrets. What does Wedge get? No mention whatsoever during TFA. Anyone agree with me when I say this is unfair? Chapter 4 : Leia I Summary: Leia Organa did not like Mara Jade when they first met. If she learned anything in her time at the Imperial Senate it's that those associated with Palpatine are not to be trusted. The princess of Alderaan believes the former Emperor's hand a black-hearted schemer trying to seduce her lily-white twin unaware of the fact that decades later, she'll find her loss unbearable. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) 6 ABY Why is it no one in their kriffing family is attracted to ordinary human beings? Is it so hard for men to meet a waitress or farmer in a market, ask her out for drinks and get married 2-3 years later? If so she thanks the Force for being female. Her brother can deny it from Lothal to Corellia but he's painfully in love with this...this woman, this Mara Jade. Luke is many things: an exemplary pilot, a brilliant military commander, a good shot, a loving friend and brother but he's no swindler; all his lies are see-through. Luke doesn't love partially, he cares too much for his own good. That's why she has to keep an eye on him, she won't lose him to Padawan Jade like she lost their birth mother to Vader. He insists that her tutelage is strictly platonic. Luke hasn't said how they met but R2- D2 tells her everything. The old astromech droid recorded their training sessions, documents her every move. From the looks of it her brother's a chaste teacher, his most "sensual" touch so far consists of hugging his student. Even then it was to calm her down during a panic attack too real for acting ( especially since it was caused by C3P0)* . He's strict but not unneccesarily demanding. The New Jedi will thrive under his careful leadership. By the end of the month she's confused. Miss Imperial femme fatale is undoubtedly a trained seductress but she makes no effort to spellbind Luke. In fact Mara's the one captivated by Luke's dorky mannerisms. What is she waiting for? Lately Artoo's documentation is lacking. The old boy's either malfunctioning or hiding something from her. That droid didn't breakdown after Dagobah, so he won't conk out from a little spying. She bypasses his programming to get the information. At first glance, the images are harmless. Luke leading his apprentice into a room, the apprentice by herself in the same room smiling more sofly than Leia thought possible. It's not until she hears " I've never held a baby before, not even a dead one. I hope they're all as nice as you Ben" that she connects the dots. What follows is an argument with every member of her family. Luke has grown distant from her since she refused to train in the Jedi arts (If she had foreseen Palpatine's pet project , then she would have accepted). It only got worse after she's started working in the Senate. Despite everything, Luke is still a dreamer. Fantasies are fine every blue moon but they wont wipe the tears away. She expected her brother to be fooled by her craft, she didn't expect her husband to follow. Han knew, he knew Luke brought a Sith minion near their son and didnt tell her!!! Instead of apologizing for the reckless endangerment of their son her husband scoffs. "Tell me your worshipfulness when was the last time you entered Ben's nursery cause I see Red ( He's got a pet name for Jade now, seriously ) there almost every day!!!'' She freezes at his words: Leia hasn't visited as much as she wanted. Her position in the New Republic is highly demanded at best & time-draining at worst. Was she really naïve enough to think the galaxy would fall into place after they won the war? That she and Han could just sail away on the Falcon & live happily ever after ? They ended one phase of the war only to wage another. Its not like she's relaxing at the spa for crying out loud!!! Their task to protect and serve the galaxy hasn't ended. Her son will understand the cost of liberty when he's older, once he starts showing an interest in work she'll bring him along. Just like her father( her real father, not the sperm donor Luke talks to excitedly ) did after he taught her to walk in his office. She doesn't mind the price for a strong Republic where the next generation can live in peace. Still it wouldn't hurt to interact with Luke's Padawan from time to time, she supposes, for her brother's sake. Leia invites her to tea, Mara arrives with Ben in her arms. A peace offering, her way of saying "Trust me". He's grown since she last saw him. Tentatively, he sends her his joy using a power she'd hoped to spare him from. Leia smiles at him, inwardly she's terrified & damning the Skywalker gene pool. Ben might not see her conflict but Mara does. She makes sure Ben is having too much fun to notice. After they've tucked him to bed Leia jokingly asks if there'll be a Ben Skywalker in the not so distant future cause her Ben will feel honored if that happens. Jade kisses Ben's forehead, feels his dark curls and politely requests to be excused. She recognizes the mournful gleam in her eyes. Han's friend Maz Kanata ( who may or may not be Chewie's girlfriend) believes you can see the same eyes in different people. She's seen Mara's gaze in the women forcefully sterilized by the Empire in prison. On the sobbing mothers cradling their burnt children's corpse. To her Ben isn't a tool for the dark side, he's the only child she will ever have. Palpatine was her Vader, only she had no Bail Organa to guard her cradle at night. As a consequence the Emperor used her to his shriveled heart's delight. If someone put her on death row Luke would be the only one to vouch for her innocence ( though Han is getting there). Artoo is relieved of spying duty, Leia finds a friend, Ben gets a babysitter. She asks the redhead an honest opinion regarding her brother. Her answer is not what she expected(she says: Luke is the only fairytale I've ever heard that turned better in the face of reality). They seem idyllic together, her son and future sister in-law (stop being so selfless Luke, just this once think of yourself and marry the girl). Mara's the one who introduces Ben to his best friend (Poe, Moe? The name escapes her)* who insists they're going to fight bad guys together. According to Han's recounting of their make-believe stage, the kids have it all figured out: Ben will be Anakin Skywalker, Ben's friend will be Captain Rex, he'll be Obiwan Kenobi and Mara will be Ahsoka Tano. (She prays they don't share the fate of said heroes). At year's end strangers compliment Mara on what a beautiful boy she has, Ben doesn't correct them. She thinks he didn't hear them, he's barely three years old. Her son loves her, she's his mom and he wouldn't have it any other way. (She's proven wrong years later when the Solo family finds out Mara Jade Skywalker died because Ben runs towards his father in the middle of the night screaming " Mommy's dead!!!! " and keeps screaming that awful sentence long after Han wakes her up to prove she's fine.) 27 ABY The Knights of Ren storm Ilum for kiber crystals. Kylo Ren stands at the front of his men. When resistance troops arrive to analyze the damage they find the face of every Jedi mutilated with the exception of Anakin Skywalker and Mara Jade. Seeing her face intact gives her hope that Ben is not completely gone. Vader comes to her( why can't he just leave her alone) to comfort his only daughter. She doesn't need his damned support, she doesn't want it. He has taken everything from her: Her birth mother and inoccence through his actions, her homeworld through his arsenal, her son through his cursed legacy. Her husband and brother have fled from her life. Han was sick of politics, sick of hipocrisy, sick of preaching to the air. The chances of him returning are the same as Mara coming back from the dead . Luke Skywalker is her only hope ( and so history repeats itself), she has to get him back, needs him to believe again. The galaxy depends on it. Not training in the force has come back to bite her in the ass. The Senate proclaims her a warmongering hag. She has fought all her life to bring others freedom, in turn she has received deaf ears to the call for equity. The New Republic has rejected the chance to aid their own salvation. Her child is lost in the shroud of the dark side. Briefly she imagines her sister in law telling Ben " cut the sith garbage and come home before I beat the crap out of you". The saddest part of it is that she didn't lose Ben when he turned away from the light. She lost him the day she chose duty over love, the bleeding crowds over her wounds, long before he was even born. When a little girl sitting on her father's lap was asked "whom will you love most my darling?" & answered "Alderaan, the jewel of the galaxy and the Republic for which we engage in our honorable fight". Alderaan is dust, the Republic is a timebomb. The fight is all she truly has left. Leia does what Bail Organa raised her to do: she soldiers on. Oh Mara, what would you do in my stead? Notes: * Poor Mara confused our beloved Goldenrod with (000) Triple-Zero, a droid specialized in etiquette, customs, translation and torture (mostly torture). That droid made General Grievous look emotionally stable with its penchant for torturing and exterminating people indiscriminately. *Yes, The Force Awakens Poe Dameron, tragic isn't it. * A lot of people doing "How Ben Solo turned to the Dark Side" stories paint Han Solo as a distant, uncaring parent who never had time for his son. I disagree, if OT canon is anything to go by Leia would be the one to set her kid aside for "the greater good". a) In Darth Vader Down #1 Princess Leia knowingly put Luke in danger for a chance to terminate Darth Vader. Luke was able to land Vader by ramming his X-Wing into Vader's TIE fighter. As a result Leia sent a squadron to hunt down Vader but requested no rescue party for Luke. When Han confronted her about this she answered "Luke would understand, this is a priority". Solo quipped back "Nice to know where your priorities lie. If you'll excuse me Your Majesty-ness, some of us have friends to save". Captain Solo took the Falcon and flew up with Chewie to save Luke. b) Leia sent Han to save her son instead of going herself. That sounds pretty sketchy in my opinion. Hands out tin cup Comments please??? Chapter 5 : Finn I Summary: While learning about "the rise and fall of our glorious Empire" one trooper dares to think for himself. He asks why instead of how, much to the disillusion of his peers. Sometimes he thinks that the low lives portrayed in class illustrations are more than what they tell. The person who agrees with him is unexpected to say the least. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) 32 ABY FN-2187 can substitute the instructor and only the most observant of his fellow troopers would notice. Honestly he's bored stiff of the droning repetition. He's aware of the importance behind their past. The First Order is all that stands between the feral Resistance the New Republic chose to ignore.Their Rebel predecessor had kept a paper-thin tactical advantage by digging up forgotten battle strategies from the Clone Wars. Should they overlook any masterminding, however feeble it may be, then all will be lost. To prevent this from happening, every member of the First Order's army must commit Old Republic and Rebel Alliance profiles to memory. Their names, tactical strenghts and weaknesses, etc. To truly defeat your enemy one must understand them. He wonders if he's allowed to respect them or simply hate them mindlessly over warfare carved out by the previous generation. His file states he was born eleven years after the battle of Endor. At five years standard he had laughed at the thought of the Empire's finest crushed by a ragtag group of soldiers and primitive life forms resembling plush toys, baffling trainees & supervisor alike. Enraged, the supervisor had dragged him to a room where he was stripped down, whipped and beaten within an inch of his life. They said it was an act of kindness to purge the malice from him. All it did was ensure all future laughs regarding victories were confined to his head. Over the years, different officers have formed opinions on him. Some have stated that he is destined for glory, that his insight and loyalty shall further the path of righteousness erected by Palpatine, armored by Vader, continued by Snoke. Others have claimed he is too compassionate, unnecessarily benign, that his skills are wasted in a trooper so prone to sentimentality. FN-2187 cares little for the assumptions of men who play at war. The Knights Of Ren are nothing short of despicable but at least they always go where's the fighting's thickest. He doubts any of these these highbrow bureaucrats have the guts to pull the trigger if push comes to shove, except for General Hux, that man could kill a planet without blinking .The rest see this war as a prize to be won, blind to the cost of triumph. So far, their history has been taught orally. Holovideos depicting the Death Star, Empire Day parades and Darth Vader being the exception. Today a limited number of people, himself included, have the privilege of meeting a survivor of the first Death Star. His companions are buzzing with excitement, just as he should be. But FN-2187 can't summon forth any giddiness. It only gets worse when the wizened old man is brought before them and every bone in his body clamors get out of there!!!! Something deep inside the youth tells him that the man before them has gaily plunged in mortal sin. That his words are poison, sweet and succinct but toxic all the same. Their most honored guest regales them with tales of Imperial grandeur. From the scrupulous execution of Order 66 ( why does he wanna throw up when he hears that?!?!?) to the height of The Galactic Civil War. FN-2187's endeavor to silence fails after hearing of Alderaan's destruction. To make matters worse, he utters the word his superiors hate most. "Why?" "I mean, wasn't it more logical to set a blockade around the planet?" "Alderaan was one of the richest worlds in the known sectors of the galaxy, yet we eliminated those resources to subdue a bloodthirsty princess, a plan which backfired on Moff Tarkin, giving the rebels a propaganda tool and facilitating our demise". Every head in the room turns to face him. If looks could kill, he'd be obliterated. Questions are not encouraged, he knows this. But whatever reason justifies blowing up millions is beyond him. He steels himself for his termination. Captain Phasma snaps her fingers and two soldiers grab him. His gut tells him they want him to scream, he won't give them that satisfaction. A voice, the same voice that kept him alive when he was sprawled out in the floor so long ago calls out to him. ( Kyleeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!)* . A man, dressed in black and tall as a steeple emerges. His chocolate eyes stare intently at the situation, clearly enraged at the following outcome. To FN-2187's surprise the troopers release him without a sound. The strange silhouette beckons him to walk beside him, he follows immediately. His unlikely rescuer strolls next to General Hux just to piss him off. This can only mean two things: this man is either highly influential or set on inventing a new type of stupid. Please be the first option. Oh, karabast he's speaking to me. He's going to say it's a trick to lull idiots into a false sense of security. I should have known..... > "So tell me trooper, what gave you the nerve to publicly shame your whole regiment? " "Also stop thinking I'm going to kill you, it's very distracting, not to mention rude". It's official, he's suffered a mental collapse. Might as well go along with it and ask mystery man his own questions." Well then sir, why did you help me?" "Smart and analytical. Aren't you a rarity?" "Let me show you something trooper". They stop walking. Mystery man puts his hand against the wall. Out of nowhere the corridor opens before them. He's led to Spartan chambers with a bunch of ashes that look way out of place. Mystery figure then starts digging through the cinders, looking to the trooper like a man on a mission till he unearths a weird metal cube. " Go on, click it. I'm not getting any younger over here ". What the hell, he's made it this far. He's met with the image of a baby-faced blonde holding hands with a red-headed, hazel-eyed lady. The woman giggles sofly as the blonde man whispers into her ear. An antique protocol droid begging a group of pilots dressed in orange jumpsuits and a scruffy faced Corellian bumping shoulders with the blonde man to recalibrate his circuits after " Master Ben and young Dameron" switched his settings to Huttese. The hazel-eyed woman running playfully after two dark haired boys. Beyond the shadow of a doubt, these images are the most beautiful thing he's ever seen. "The blonde man is Luke Skywalker, the redhead is Mara Jade". "Is this a joke, sir?" "I don't have much humor these days. Honest answer: what do you think about them?" "Honestly? Your holovids don't match with their profiles". "There's more than all of you are showing". "That's why I spared you trooper. The order will never survive without variety. Hux swears by his troop's lack of individuality but sheep only travel so far. We need adaptable men and women, capable of grasping different points of view". His strange companion stares longingly at the image of the woman. His slender hand ghosts over her azure face. As if he missed her, needed her like a blind man wandering hopelessly in search of the sunlight. As if there were no words to hold her brilliance, describe the undecipherable value of her life "Did you know her?" His enigmatic companion closes the box & smirks dolefully. That's it, I crossed the line. I'm done for. Slips can have my good pair of combat boots. "I belong to her, the best of me is hers and always will be. She had no reason to love me but she did. From the moment we met, our souls intertwined. She was a force of nature to say the least. Unconquerable in the battlefield, incorruptible in conscience, unforgettable in life, irreplaceable in love" (His pallid fists clench and FN-2187's pretty sure the room turned colder.) "The New Republic stole her from me, so in return I played their foolhardiness against them. My revenge isn't done yet though. It ends when Darth Vader's legacy is fulfilled"*. The rest of the afternoon is spent in silence. This is not someone he wants to anger. After Captain Phasma's retired for the day the pale man leads him back to the barracks. Slips is there waiting for him, looking awestruck for unknown reasons. Some of his roommates slide ration bars to one another. Oh come on!!! I disappear a few hours and they bet on my death, seriously!!! Slips breaks his concentration by rushing him apart from the others to ask excitedly " What was he like?" Now he's confused. Didn't his screwup spread through the dorms? He asks his friend to elaborate. "Kylo Ren, you just spoke with him!!!" So this is what the end of logic feels like.... Notes: *You didn't think Mara was the only EU character I would bring back through reincarnation, did you guys? *This will be further explained later on. For now, let's just say things are not what they appear. * Hands out tin cup: comments please??? Comments are often the best part of a writer's day so please write what you like, what you don't like, what you'd like to see, etcetera. Chapter 6 : Rey III Summary: Left to the sands through no fault of her own, a little girl known only as Rey struggles to survive the harsh desert terrain. The worst part of Jakku isn't the sand, the heat or even Unkar Plutt, it's the loneliness. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Year 22 ABY In some worlds, mythology claims that the desert was created as punishment by the gods. That these omniscient beings once ruled over lands of lush, vibrant green enveloped by soothing waves in which man and nature lived side by side. Their Utopian ambience shattered when man's unbridled druthers compelled them to lay waste upon the earth. Irate by the human's spoliation the gods took all animals of amicable temperament unto heaven, leaving naught save monsters. They did so in hopes the experience would teach them the value of empathy after it was lost. Humanity responded by skinning these beasts alive and using the heads as trophies. Vexed at the effete violence, it was decided that we were unworthy of the gifts bestowed upon them. The mighty rivers turned beige, trees turned to ash and clouds faded from the sky, till only the desert remained. Which God cast the eternal drought is of little consequence. It could have been Ashla, Shiraya, Am-Shak or Galeer.* What's important is that the humans caused it. As a result humans are easy pickings in Jakku. If you ask the child working inside Unkar Plutt's shop she'll say it seems foolish to hate an entire species over something that happened millions of years ago. But no one ever asks for a kid's opinion. Most of his customers look at her and see a blight. They make her trip, step over her parts, talk behind her back. They don't care about her age. This isn't Chandrilla or Coruscant where democratic governments enforce civil rights. The desert spares not on account of youth and neither should they. Rey hasn't been on Jakku that long but she knows how it works. It's nothing personal really, just survival of the fittest. Some days that's hard to recall. A Dathomir lady claiming to be a witch bowed and called her sister once, scaring everyone present. All who witnessed the event treated her better afterwards, for reasons unexplained to her. Sadly Unkar Plutt wasn't among them. Probably for the best though, theirs is a respect tinged in fear. If given the choice, she'd prefer their love. Fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate, hate leads to suffering. (Not again, please be quiet talking froggy). Whenever she's angry the funny green frog shows up. He's not mean but he's extremely annoying. He starts yapping about emotions being dangerous, pride before the fall, blah blah blah. Doesn't he have anything else to do besides space psychology? Or is she so pathetic the only imaginary friend willing to keep her company is a pedantic blatherskite? He's been more absent since she started praying before going to sleep. Good riddance then. A middle-rim family came to the shop today for parts to fix their ship. They were sweaty, anxious and unaccustomed to the land but Rey could feel how happy they were just by being together. She can't clarify it to others, furthermore she doesn't want to. Nobody will ever help her again if they think she's crazy. Unkar had shoved her under the table when they appeared, muttering "legal affairs", whatever that means. He told her to be silent cause if they saw her, they would take her away. That was all he had to say: if she's carried off Jakku, she'll never see her family again!!! All throughout the day she stayed still with deathlike quiet. She did so well, Unkar checked if she was alive. Yet despite her success, no prideful joy fills her when they're gone. Having a taste of her heart's desire increased her anguish. The little boy in the family had spoken about the rebel pilots who vanquished a supposably unbeatable villain. That's it, that's what she needs: a rebel!!! She spends the next week scourging for the necessary supplies. The hardest thing to find is the orange cloth for the jumpsuit but by the end of the week an old x-wing fighter provides the elusive material. She stays awake all night shaping her solution. Her fingers hurt and there's bags under her eyes when she's finished. " Your name is mister Rebel dolly. You're the hero and I'm the damsel in distress. A great evil separated me from what I love. Bring back my family please. You can do anything: that's why you're a rebel isn't it?" Her project stays motionless on the ground. Stupid girl, what was I thinking? There's no such thing as magic & even if it was real, Miracles don't happen on Jakku. Still, it'd be nice to have an imaginary friend who's well-mannered. After all, its not rebel dolly's fault that he's inanimate. Then she could have somebody to talk to and play with & go on hunting parties ( where'd the last one come from?) She snuggles her new friend and marvels at the fact that she's not sleeping alone anymore. Rey closes her eyes and enters the island. At least my angel will never leave me. Notes: Ashla: another name for the Daughter. Am-Shak: Weequay deity known as the God of thunder. Shiraya: Naboo goddess of the moon. Galeer: Ewok deity of the wind. Hands out tin cup: comments please??? Chapter 7 : Luke I Summary: Chaos dominates all as the future is robbed of the next generation of Jedi. Actions of the New Republic break Luke Skywalker just as much as The First Order, if not more. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) 19 ABY For all their supposed detachment, members of the old Jedi Order failed to purge all emotional ardor from their way of life, as proven by the Archives. While harmful in the long run, one can't deny there's some advantage in the no-attachment doctrine. Specially in the face of excruciating woes. When Grandmaster Yoda first sensed the onslaught caused by Order 66, his impartiality allowed the Jedi Master to block out any physical repercussions of those dreadful hours except for the ache in his chest. Yoda was nothing if not a Jedi. Relenting to sentimentality was foolish in his eyes. Luke Skywalker was indeed a Jedi but he was also human. He had never suppressed his feelings, never compromised his beliefs. As a result, he was totally unprepared for the massacre of the New Jedi Academy. When his students perished, C-3PO panicked at the sight of his beloved master hemorrhaging all of a sudden. Without hesitation, the golden protocol droid frantically set a course to Yavin 4 as Luke's Jedi robes turned red with blood. Artoo calls Han & Leia, requesting medical aid for Mistress Padme's baby boy. The old astromech and his counterpart stay by Master Luke's side, R2-D2 beeps angrily at the Force for ripping his humans apart over and over again whilst C-3PO silently bandages a torso mysteriously covered in blaster burns and angry red slashes eerily similar to lightsaber wounds, wondering why good organics like Master Luke always suffer the most. Luke screams incoherently for the most part, at intervals the droids are able to make out "Help!!!" along with "No, pleaseee!!!!" or "I don't wanna die!!!!" but everything else is unintelligible. Rain falls heavily in Yavin 4 as Luke lands on the surface of the planet. He's met with the sight that will haunt him throughout the rest of his days. The temple floors are tinged crimson with the bodies of his students. Not even the infants were spared. Hoping beyond hope, he scours every inch of the building for survivors. C-3PO runs after him, shouting that he'll reopen his hastily made stitches. With every bloodied room, his heart sinks a bit further. One of the dead younglings in the nursery has a blaster in her hand. Allana* never hurt a soul, she must have been so scared. In sorrow, Luke embraces her tiny form and closes her cinereal eyes for good. Frenzied kicking from within the walls reaches his ears. Master Skywalker, are the bad men gone yet????? We can't sense anyone else. He lets himself be guided by the force, not trusting his psychological state. It could be his lacerated mind playing tricks on him, feeding him false hope where there is none. Or perhaps he was foolish to hope for a New Jedi Order in the first place. The terror stricken force signatures are strongest in the southeast corner. Cameras show no sentient beings or droids in the bedchambers, until it hits him. The dumbwaiter!!!! With painstaking odds against the fragile wish he has barely acknowledged, he pries the steel doors open with the Force. Initiate Veila gleefully jumps out of Lor San Tekka's arms and squeezes him as tight as she can. Her emerald green eyes dance with unworldly mirth as she says "See guys I told you he was coming, I knew you would never abandon us!!!" Tahiri, sweet child I came far too late. Little by little her companions clumsily climb out of their improvised shelter. Five toddlers, a scholar, a preteen girl raised by Tusken Raiders and an unconscious Kyp Durron* are all that's left. "We placed Kyp under a healing trance so he wouldn't die. He saved our lives, it was the least we could do. Lor San Tekka helped us concentrate for it" they say, proud of their accomplishment. Rightfully so, most force sensitives take years to achieve a successful healing trance. Some peace and quiet will leave young Durron good as new. They cling to Luke and Lor San Tekka like castaway's hands clutch a raft. Seeking for answers the Jedi Master doesn't have or can't respond to without a nervous breakdown: Why did this happen? Is there anyone else alive? Why won't my brother/sister/parents wake up? Where was the Republic???? Han nearly vomits when he finds him kneeling down by the rotting corpses, Luke can't blame him for it, because whenever he needs it the most Han is here. Ben is among the missing, Leia prepares her son's funeral befitting Alderaanian tradition, her husband refuses to accept his son is dead. His sister leaves to handle the political shitstorm coming. Han picks up an old-fashioned shovel and helps Luke bury the carcasses. When Republic officers finally enter the scene, both men reek of death. One of the New Republic deputies speak and reality loses its last shreds of prudence. "Luke Skywalker, you are under arrest for the mass murder of the Jedi Training grounds of Yavin 4. You have the right to remain si- ahhhhh!!!!!" The officer's words are interrupted by Chewbacca strangling his neck. His partners all raise their blasters at the wookie's head. Han readies his gun, set to shoot first like always when all of a sudden everyone freezes. The Corellian smuggler receives an apology through the Force as Luke turns himself in. Forgive me old friend, but I won't have you die for me. I never wanted anyone to die for my sake, that hasn't changed. Details blur for the Jedi as they load him on the ship after chaining his hands and feet. He complies with absolute silence as they shove him into a sterilized white room with no windows, shave his golden mane, yank the clothes from his back. How he reacts is tied to the Order's future, they will find no fault lest he go mad. He keeps track of the days by reading the guard's thoughts and speaks only in prayer. They dismantle his prosthetic hand and replace it with a threadbare version, they beat him for holding onto his wedding rings. On the fourth day of his imprisonment Wedge and the rest of Rogue Squadron show up to free him. Luke turns down the offer, the Jedi must prove they are susceptible to the laws of man. A weary eyed Poe guilt-trips Wedge into obeying Luke's wishes. The boy confesses to dreaming of the massacre and asks for a way to stop the nightmares. Luke suppresses Poe's connection to the Force, unwilling to watch it wreck the youth's life the way it did his. Halfway across the galaxy, he does the same to his remaining students and erases their memories to protect them. Obiwan hugs him that night as ghosts weep beside the living. He is introduced to a psychologist on the twelfth day. All at once, it makes sense why no one's discussing a court hearing. Putting him on trial would create discord between Hosnian Prime and the Outer Rim. To accuse him publicly for murder will send every former member of the Rebellion in outrage. Declaring him mentally unstable presents far less difficulties. Back stabbing schemers will make a sob story of it. Tell the galaxy they're trying to help the poor little Jedi that went crazy after losing his wife. While the press eats it up, they'll lock me in a straightjacket and throw away the key. "Tell me mister Skywalker, what were your goals when you started your academy for mystic warriors" Two can play at this game, sir. Palpatine makes you look like a sock puppet. "With all due respect sir, the Jedi are protectors, not warriors. That distinction is vital to overcome the Dark Side." "Ah yes, the dark side you and the Church of the Force bespeak so often. Do you believe the Dark Side sways the Republic against you? Do you hate them for putting you in jail? Trap number two. " The New Republic is trying to solve this issue without bloodshed. Few dark siders would care about that. I chose to stay in prison, if I wanted to escape the Republic couldn't stop me. " "So you believe yourself to be all-powerful mister Skywalker? Invincible? Capable of defeating an entire army?" Trap number three. " It has nothing to do with my powers and everything to do with my time in the Rebellion. I'm a decorated war veteran with a lot of favors I haven't cashed in. All I have to do is call one of my many friends with questionable pasts and I'll be gone before lunch. " "But you do have your resentments with the Republic? Your marriage to the Emperor's Hand was seen in certain circles as a declaration of love to the Empire's legacy. And yet you claimed to be undisturbed by the slander. Then a decade later your wife died fighting an invasion the government ignored until it was almost too late. Your nephew, who was 10 at the time, presumed dead since the massacre swore that the Republic killed Mara Jade. Did you agree with his point of view?" Going right for the throat: you're running out of ideas aren't you. "By normal standards, my wife shouldn't have reached adulthood. So every minute we shared together was spent on borrowed time. She was aware of that and so was I. That's why we made each moment count. And I knew what marrying her entailed, but I was far too in love with Mara to care about what they said. Give me a time machine and I'll still marry her, happily. Love within reason isn't love, it's convenience and I've never been drawn to conformity. As for my nephew, words spoken in the throes of grieving anger rarely stem from the heart. Letting my rage consume me, blaming others for her demise: that would cheapen her sacrifice. So I let go of my fury and moved forward, as much as I could." He's entertained all week long by Natasi Daala's* tantrums after six psychologists all declare him perfectly sane. Her hysterics almost make the waterboarding fun. If the guard's information is true, his jailers are being pressured to release him. Daala wants a confession to make that impossible, how they get it doesn't matter. They try lacing his food with hallucinogens, he goes on hunger strike. He giggles when they expose him to what they call extreme heat, this is a cold day on Tatooine you wimps. They stretch him on the rack, stick nails in his flesh hand, force-feed him raw eggs. He all but panics at the electroshock, his mind returns to the second Death Star only this time Father isn't there to save him. All this cruelty, this enmity for what???? Why do people latch on to hate if it only destroys !?!?!? He breathes and prepares himself to become one with the Force. Ohhh no, don't you dare farmboy!!! I forbid you to die this dramatically!!!! You're getting out of here even if I have to drag you outside in my miniature body, understand!!!! Mara.....How I've missed your voice. Please let me die, I'm tired of this world. Life bleeds on and joy evades me. Death is long a welcome guest. Look honey, I know the Galaxy tends to dump every worst case scenario on our family and honestly, I'm fighting the urge to decapitate these bastards but you can't die now, not if your reason for dying is our reunion. Is this your way of telling me about your new boyfriend in heaven??? No you idiot!!! It's my way of telling you I broke the laws of life and death for you!!!! You're alive.... Where are you??? Are you healthy??? When can I see you again??? Force, I want to kiss you every inch of you. Slow down, hotshot. You wouldn't say that if you saw me right now. In fact I bet you ten credits you'll regret those words if you do. Just hang in there, I'll come back sweetheart. I'll save Ben, after I kick his butt. Stay in the land of the living, okay. Mara, wait!!!..... Stay here. I'll come back for you sweetheart. I promise.* (On Jakku, a little girl misinterprets her own vow and thinks the woman's voice is the mother who abandoned her.) On his fortieth day of imprisonment, Luke Skywalker is released by the government to prevent another Galactic Civil War. Han steadies him so he doesn't walk out in crutches. Leia recruits her brother for the Resistance, ready to bring the war to the First Order's doorstep. Why does no one ever compare you to Anakin Leia? I see his fire in you more than any trait of Padme Amidala. She and Han wage their own bloodbath when they find out about Ben's betrayal. His sister accepts the collateral damage but passes on the blame to Vader. Han leaves to search for Ben, Leia calls it a hopeless cause and yells "We have a duty, laserbrain!!! If you walk out that door without joining the war effort or bringing Luke into the fold, then I hope you never come back!!!!" Same old Leia, focusing on the hell father unleashed, just like the rest of the galaxy. Luke is the only one who ever cared about the hell Anakin Skywalker lived in. Always picturing the Old Republic as a glistening Utopia with liberty and justice for all. Forgetting that it created an army of slaves, gave free reign to the Hutt's crime sindicates, used the Jedi as cannon fodder and left them to die in the aftermath. The Separatists didn't come out of thin air & they weren't just power hungry radicals. He has tried to be their hero but all they can see is Darth Vader's son. Hipocrites, the lot of them. Reaping the fruits of a War they didn't fight in. Preaching a new tomorrow while obsessing over the past. He owes them nothing. They've rewarded a lifetime of sacrifice with hatred, distrust and humiliation. Enough is enough, he refuses to play the game any longer. People seldom aprecciate what they have until it's gone. For once he'll follow Leia's suggestion.* He erases himself from the narrative. In a year or two, the Senate will beg for Jedi intervention during the next crisis as their paranoia drives them further apart. He will search for the bosom of Ashla, retrace the steps of the first Jedi. Perhaps there he can find a way to end this maddening death waltz. Right before leaving, Luke repeats the action the Galaxy never truly understood : he forgives. Let the Force fall asleep until the worthy come forth. Notes: *If you recognize this name, then you're a true EU fan. *Tahiri Veila & Kyp Durron also deserved to be Canon. Although I would like them to suffer less than they did in the EU. A little cameo appearance would be enough. *Going deep into EU territory with this name. * Taken straight from TFA novelization page 34. *Leia in ROTJ: Luke run away, run far away. Chapter 8 : Poe I Summary: In which we see the final days prior to TFA. Evil spreads amongst the stars. The yoke of old hatred blinds the powerful as the government ensures it's own destruction. 34 ABY For a government that claims it's eagerness to heal past wounds, the New Republic is slow to forgive. On some occasions it's completely justified. Doctor Isard definitely didn't deserve a pardon for his crimes against the galaxy, neither did the man who thought up the Death Star. Other times ( right now ) its just stupid. The First Order has been reported to be causing mayhem in the Outer Rim. A plea for help has been issued by Tatooine. Most senators turn a blind eye. The Outer Rim has been controversial in politics ever since Luke Skywalker used the power vacuum caused by Jabba's death to abolish slavery. Skywalker made himself quite a few enemies when the Hutts refused to sign the Outer Rim emancipation without the young Jedi. Republic and Imperial alike. Under the Old Republic and the subquescent Empire, relations with the Outer Rim were considered bothersome affairs. Far too trivial to waste time in the midst of Civil War. At one point most imperials had petitioned for a treaty with the Rebellion in which the Alliance was "gifted" the Outer Rim in exchange for peace. These days it's a surefire way to risk political ambitions. In light of current events, General Organa had reopened her case against the First Order. The Senate refused to heed warnings from Vader's daughter. If Ben were alive, they could prank all these soft-headed pansies. His best friend had an talent for the trickster's craft. Uncle Han loved their troublemaking, most of the time anyway. My ear still hurts from when he and uncle Chewie dragged us across the hangar cause we accidentally covered the Falcon with meloorum jam. I would have hit the right ship if Dad hadn't broken our focus. They had fantasized about the future that seemed so straightforward at the time. Back when evil was a vague term and a year spanned forever and a day. In truth, they had no clue about tomorrow. How could they? Their parents had fought in the war to end all wars. Charged head-on to the abyss and restored the light of freedom. It should have been enough, perhaps it was in some alternate reality where fate was kinder. Here the wicked prosper as those in power blame heroes for the sins of their fathers. Darth Vader died before he was brought to justice, so now the Senate hurls every politician's pent up rage towards the Empire's bloody fist at his children. Ungrateful bastards, without them the Rebellion would have been crushed in Yavin Four and you'd still be kneeling to Emperor Palpatine. He's lost count of how many people have greeted him with "A man of your talents is wasted on the Resistance." These pompous bureaucrats are all the same. Convinced that loyalty is no match for a wad of credits. The General pretends she's not afraid of him leaving but he knows all her tells. A lot of them were Ben's too. Mother and son were so similar to each other. That's why it puzzled him that they weren't close. If anything, ofttimes he thought Ben saw aunt Mara as his real mother. Mara Jade Skywalker, another ghost that haunts in silence. Somedays he's glad she didn't live to see uncle Luke humiliated and tortured by those he dedicated his life to protecting. Other days he desperately wants her back among the living. He asked her once, why Leia and Ben had such a tumultuous relationship, Aunt Mara said people can't stand their own image mirrored in someone else, they want their loved ones to be reflected instead. Poe hadn't believed it until years later, when Leia Organa confessed she helped him because he reminded her of her brother. When the Senate hearing ends, the General holds onto his arm a little tighter. Despite her regal bearing and elaborate clothing, all he sees is an old woman who spent all her life fighting. Organa's stubborn pride won't let her admit she needs a hug so he gives it to her. It only lasts a moment, she won't allow herself anymore. Afterwards, they continue the Resistance's first priority: the search for Luke Skywalker. Part of him wants the Jedi Master to stay hidden (of course that desire will never be spoken). Luke got elevated to godhood and was betrayed for being human. Skywalker could have been the Emperor, he could have held the power of star systems at his fingertips. None of those sanctimonious gold-diggers would have refused it. Most of them don't deserve or comprehend such selflessness and probably never will. The First Order believes that man is treacherous by nature, incapable of merit without guidance. A half truth cleverly spun around unavoidable flaws. Tempting to those who wander aimlessly through life. Poe is a child of the Rebellion, the desire to save the galaxy was ingrained into him from his mother's womb. He'll die happily for the Resistance but that doesn't mean he's blindly following. His loyalty is to the dream his parents fought for. Luke, I understand why you left. Notes: Just in case it wasn't clear enough, I'm going with the premise that Rey is the reincarnation of Mara Jade Skywalker. This character first appeared in Timothy Zahn's Thrawn Trilogy. Raised by emperor Palpatine, she held the position of "The Emperor's Hand", making her a Sith Acolyte, Assassin, Spy and Courtesan all in one. You will pry Mara Jade's marriage to Luke from my cold, dead body. Got it Darth Mickey?