The Rule of Two; Runs with Three The Rule of Two; Runs with Three You had spent years training with the Resistance in order to deliver a kill shot to one of the New Republic’s most formidable foes: Kylo Ren. He was an enemy the New Republic had been oblivious to, much in the same way they had denied the threat posed by the First Order. That had been their undoing; Starkiller Base, prior to its destruction, had obliterated the entire Hosnian System, the Galactic Senate along with it. Your mother had perished that day. Your father had already died during the time you had been away; this you did not learn until after you were the captive of Kylo Ren himself. Your body was not the same after the attack that had nearly left you dead; the lightsaber wound had compromised your body. And so now you were to retrain your body in order to find a new way to kill the man who was your captor—your host. Both a prisoner and a guest of the Master of the Knights of Ren, you were presently alone in his living quarters. The door was locked, this you well knew, and yet it was not to keep you in; it was to keep a specific person out. You had heard much of the First Order’s General Hux prior to meeting the man. When you had spoken with him, you had eventually admitted your respect for him—as a leader, though his ideals were anything but those held by you. You despised what he stood for, and yet… It was with revulsion that you had to admit to yourself yet again that you had allowed the man to touch you, to have sex with you, and on more than one occasion. That he was your enemy was of no consequence; that did not stoke the fires of your anger. It was the fact that he had ordered the destruction of the Hosnian system, had essentially ordered your mother’s death—you had had sex with your mother’s killer. When at last you finished with Kylo Ren, when you were able to kill the man who had stolen your freedom, you would deal with the redhead. You executed another four sit-ups then allowed yourself to lie down to relax. Your level of stamina was lacking. All the while Kylo Ren was healing from his injuries. His training with his Master would begin within days. Patience. It was a mantra that repeated in your head six times before you thought to yourself: The Rule of Two. This was what Ren had equated your arrangement with him to. He well knew that your intentions were to become stronger and kill him. All the while he used this as a means to strengthen himself. A façade of harmony. The two of you. He wanted to be the center of your world, as he had been for so long. General Hux would be a distraction, his very presence a threat to that rule of two. You grit your teeth and started to raise your torso. Another set of four sit-ups. It was taking its toll on your body, which was out of shape. Sweat dripped down your back. General Hux could not be your focus as much as Kylo Ren. That would make you become sloppy, as you had in the past. Focusing on too much at once. Not being patient. There is no Resistance, you said in you head. The members of the Resistance would bench you if they could; take what information you were able to provide, yet allow you to assist no further. You were now acting on your own. It would benefit the Resistance, the galaxy, and yet you were no longer under their rules. But fuck if my body isn’t resisting me… You collapsed onto your back again. Tears of frustration stung your eyes. You had known ahead of time that it would take more than a single exercise session to get to where you needed to be. New limits. New rules. The Rule of Two. Panting, you listened passively to a quiet beeping that was coming from the device beside your head. The electronic tooke pet Kylo Ren had provided you as a form of entertainment. You reached to the side, lifted the device, and played a small game with the tooke. Your heart took a few moments longer to return to a normal pace. You felt utterly drained of energy, which caused your frown to spread further. You fed the electronic pet, set down the device, and placed both your hands atop your stomach, one on top the other. “You can do this,” you said to yourself. “Just relax. Patience…patience…” Stars, you thought, you had been in isolation for part of your training as well as while imprisoned. With nothing to do. Biding your time. That had been before you had learned of your father’s demise. Before your mother had been murdered by the actions of the First Order. A beeping drew you out of your thoughts. You rolled up into a sitting position as Ren was putting in the code to enter his quarters. And then you were on your feet when as the doors opened—and you felt your stomach drop. The nozzle of a blaster was pointed your way. Not Ren. In the place of one monster was another. You lifted your hands into the air to show that you were surrending—temporarily. A shiver caused your teeth to chatter together. The sweat that had poured from your body during your exercises now assisted in making you too cold. You glowered at the man holding onto the blaster that was pointed in your direction. “As if I could not get any code that has to do with my ship, tooka,” General Hux said through his snarl. You kept your hands raised in the air for half a second longer before slowly lowering your limbs. Your eyes darted away from his face to the blaster. He seemed to want you alive, which meant it would be set to stun rather than kill. Even if you managed to wrest the weapon out of his grasp, it would do you no good; you recalled that it was encrypted to work only with his fingerprints. The redhead tilted his head back and stared down the length of his nose at you. “You will come out of this room now.” “You’re…taking me hostage?” you asked mockingly. As if you were a free woman to begin with. You snorted at the thought. “You may relax if you believe it is my intention to rape you,” he said evenly. You barked out a bitter laugh at that. “No, General. You do far worse than that, don’t you?” The corner of his mouth twitched, however his expression did not twist away from the frown that was plastered there. You took a step forward towards the open door of Ren’s quarters. The moment you left the sanctity of this room, the moment you were truly taken into custody by the general of the First Order instead of the Master of the Knights of Ren—that would change the game once more. There would be no Rule of Two. There would be three of you once more at that point. A fresh wave of sweat began to form, beading on your flesh. This time it was from apprehension rather than exertion. Forced upon you instead of self-induced. You began to slide one foot backwards only to pause in your movements. General Hux had quirked a brow, challenging you with that expression. “Are you content with being a small tooke then?” You narrowed your eyes while you watched him, more suspicion welling up inside of you. “A tooka, at least, has claws and teeth.” “A tooke can defeat a rancor.” “If the rancor first consumes it. Toxic… If you plan on eliminating me as well—and I am certain you are—you won’t be so reckless.” Kriff, you thought as your heart fluttered in your chest. Kriff…he has a point. Or is he just that eloquent? So deceptive? “You haven’t a choice when it comes down to it. I plan on taking you, whether you’re stunned and I am dragging you, or be it by you walking out of there.” Aware that it would do your compromised body excessive harm, and thus damper your plans, to even be stunned, you slid your foot forward this time. Then, lifting the limb, you took the first step towards the redhead. He said nothing, his face not betraying anything either. The man was observing you as he had so often in the past. Calculating. He knew better than to underestimate you. You entered the hallway, fully exited the quarters of Kylo Ren, and the door closed behind you. By then your heart was starting to race again. What sort of sick game were you being thrust into now? This was where General Hux was the player. Perhaps you were only his pawn, as you had been in the past. He waited until you were in front of him then gestured that you keep walking. The gun was pointed at your back. You had at long last accepted Ren’s suggestion that you were, in some twisted way, his guest—and now you were being stolen away. Another hitch in your plans. No matter, you told yourself; you would adapt to the situation, as you had been forced to do ever since your capture. “Did it thrill you, knowing that you were ordering my mother’s death?” you asked when the pair of you turned down the second hallway. You were not entirely certain where it was he was taking you. This was not the way to the general’s quarters; you had been there enough times to know better. General Hux did not respond to your inquiry, which caused your face to grow hot in frustration. Anger welled up inside of you. Knowing better than to unleash your rage, knowing that he had the upper hand and would simply shoot you there, you addressed him in a different fashion. “I hear your precious Starkiller Base was destroyed. Good riddance.” “It is not often I am in the company of such a bitter woman.” A pause. “Turn left here.” You rolled your eyes though you complied all the same. Where? Where? Where am I going? “I do not understand Supreme Leader’s insistence on keeping Ren, on my rescuing him before the destruction of the planet.” Ah, is this why he’s kidnapping me? It does not seem like him to be so petty. He must have other plans. “And you…” “Me?” you asked under your breath, grumbling now. After your mini workout, you were exhausted, though you refused to admit this to the man. In truth, you were nearly ready to collapse. “You survived his blade in the past,” General Hux replied. You glanced over your shoulder, stumbling your next step. “Not that it has not taken its toll.” “Do you plan on experimenting on me? To prepare yourself for battle…against Ren?” No response. Not even a twitch. “Do you fancy yourself above him? Or is it… You seem to think so highly of yourself. I don’t see you as being content with being…not only under Ren, but the Supreme Leader as well. Your ideals may be the same, but there can only be one .” “Has Ren taught you otherwise? That there can be…two, perhaps? Sith lore holds little interest for me, tooka, but I do know enough. He is merely toying with you.” “You’re not doing anything different. Using me to your own advantage.” You waited, leaving off on that note to see how he would react. Once more you were met with silence. Your walk was cut short when he directed you to face a door. General Hux reached past you, typing in a code that caused the door to open, and pressed the nozzle of the gun against you to urge you inside. You did not dare disobey, not giving up hope that you could eventually kill this man and the other. There was not much inside the room. An interrogation table, a chair, and supplies set out on a ledge. “Before your mind goes to places it need not, I do not plan on harming you either. You can be useful to me.” “Because you want Ren dead?” “Yes—and that is hardly a secret. Neither of us is exactly fond of the other.” You turned around to face him at long last. General Hux lowered his weapon. “You’re interested to hear what I have to say.” Your bottom lip trembled as a wave of emotions went through you. This was your mother’s executioner. “Not all Sith have only a single teacher. And Ren is no Sith. His Rule of Two is a farce. I do understand the similarities. For you to reject my help… I suppose we would have our own duo as well. Wherein we wish to kill the other. Are using one another for our own purposes.” It was supposed to have been just Kylo Ren and you. The Rule of Two. A third party. A second Rule of Two. That did not add up. He was ruining everything. He was perhaps your only means of defeating Kylo Ren, who would be receiving help from an outside party as well—Snoke. In a way, it only made sense. You would be allowed to discover some of General Hux’s weaknesses as well. “You really don’t care that you’re responsible for my mother’s death.” “I do not.” You curled your hands into fists and grit your teeth. It took you a few moments to gather yourself. “This plan of yours—Ren will know.” “His paranoia will be useful. He wants you. While he says that he would be willing to kill you, I doubt the sincerity in his words. Now, I need an answer, tooka.” “Fine.” You felt numb saying it. There had been two. And now there were three—soon to be four, when Supreme Leader began his training. Chapter 2 : Entangle Our Strings Notes: Was listening to "Bite" by Troye Sivan for most of this chapter. Entangle Our Strings Puppets often did not know the identity of the true puppet master. There were layers of veils and curtains, each blocking the view one needed in order to see who it was that happened to be pulling the strings. You had the unfortunate advantage of knowing exactly who was pulling your strings. Kylo Ren and General Hux were the guilty parties. In the past, the Resistance had dictated your actions. Supreme Leader Snoke was doing all he could to manage the strings that held the Knight and General. All three of you, puppets in a play. The puppet master could be murdered, could become too confident in his role. Without his puppets, he would be nothing. Thus when General Hux had revealed his readiness to play against Kylo Ren, you had been happy to jump at the chance to assist him. These two puppets. The main attractions of Snoke’s play. While you made an educated guess that more puppets were behind the scenes, you left them to the Resistance. Your focus would remain on where you could do the most damage, be effective in any way given that you were at the disadvantage with your health as it was. At least now you would be allowed to use the First Order’s training facilities—within reason. General Hux was clever, and you sincerely doubted he would give you too much slack. That would be a noose around his throat. General Hux was more than happy to display the smoking gun before Ren. You. You were a plaything for either of them. A willing puppet. It was the only semblance of freedom for you. This was your mindset as you crossed down the hallways and corridors of the Finalizer . You could hardly walk straight. Exhaustion from your meager exercise routine was setting in. You were equally drained on an emotional level. How long had you been playing this game with the two? It had been longer with Ren than Hux. The Force user had snatched you from the fires of death—quite literally. A monster who fed on the innocent; that had been the cause of many nightmares for you as a child. It had supposedly lived underneath one’s bed. If one were to place their foot over the edge of the bed, they could feel the monster’s breath. It had terrified you as a child. Caused you to rush to and from the bathroom when you found the need to use a toilet. As you grew older, your monsters changed shape—they became real. The monster you had spent years training to hunt had taken your virginity. He had raped you on more than one occasion… And then you had had sex with him of your own accord—in a way. Being that you were a prisoner, your consent would be under scrutiny by many, and rightly so. The ability to consent meant you had freedom. Ironically, Kylo Ren granted you that amount of freedom, moreso now that you understood what it meant to be his guest. Your host and captor was in his quarters when you arrived. He was seated on the edge of the bed, his elbows resting on his knees as he took you in. No mask, you noted. “You already know.” The words slipped from your tongue easily enough, and Kylo Ren offered a simple nod in response. “If the enemy of my enemy is my friend…that would mean both you and the General are my friends.” “Ironic…” His voice trailed off, his thought not entirely spoken. It was strange, the familiarity you felt while with him. Alone. He had kept you isolated save for when he desired your company. You had learned to enjoy his touch, while at the same time you recoiled from it. Over time you had come to understand him, his brokenness. In a former life of his, he had been the son of your General Organa. Funny; she had never revealed that her son was your enemy. “You’re a resourceful woman…and the general is cunning. I should have suspected such results sooner.” It took a great man to admit he was wrong. You admired your enemies’ strengths. Doing otherwise would be foolish, and allow them to gain the advantage. “That first time you forced your way into my head… Why did you memorize the memories I pushed forward to keep you away from information on the Resistance?” “I could feel you dying,” Kylo Ren stated simply. Your mind wandered once more to the way the lightsaber had felt piercing through your flesh. The smell of burning bodies, your comrades being incinerated in order to become a part of Ren’s ash collection. You had lain there waiting for your turn. Buried underneath the corpses of your fallen allies, you had anticipated it. Had welcomed death though a small portion of you had feared it as well. “In the Force… A light flickering in and out, fading… I reached out towards you—and when I discovered that it was you , the long-distance shooter that had taken my blade, I grew curious. “I believed you would be easy to break. That it would be no trouble to take from your mind information on the Resistance, on the cell you were a part of. Those who have attempted to block me out in the past never offered up such personal information. It is with reluctance that I enter the minds of others…” “You enjoy entering my head though?” you asked, the beginning of your question filled with a level of animosity that dwindled as you neared the end. It was hitting you in full, the meaning behind your own words. He enjoyed you . It was not as though these thoughts hadn’t floated through your mind before; you knew a part of him cared for you. This new depth made you uncomfortable. Admitting to yourself that, had the two of you been aligned with one another, the pair of you would have possibly loved each other. Shrinking away from the thought, you transferred your gaze to the wall behind Kylo Ren. It was so plain. Sometimes you missed being on a planet. Even when you had been with the Resistance, you had felt homesick. Home is where the heart is. Your parents were dead. You had been fighting for them—for everyone, but for them especially. You crossed Ren’s quarters until you arrived at the surface that had so held your gaze. Kylo Ren did nothing to deter you. He remained silent; the only noise coming from him was his breathing. It was familiar to you, relaxing. A part of you wondered why it was General Hux had once more forced his way into your life. It would benefit you, to be certain; and yet, in some ways, it had come too soon. There were pros and cons to the deal you had with him. Accepting his help as you were… You shook your head again. “Before… When you had first captured me, I had been able to exercise for a slightly longer duration before tiring. Am I worse now? Will things continue this way?” In a way, you were speaking to yourself. Yet you did not mind Kylo Ren listening in on your musings. “Accepting the General’s assistance… He may provide the medical care I need as well, which is the only way I can hope to defeat you.” “I hardly fault you for placing yourself into a position that will be to your advantage.” Hearing him say this caused your mind to stop racing. You lifted both your hands, running them along the top of your head. “It is no different than my own training.” You half turned to stare at his back. You wondered if he sometimes watched you simply by using the Force. He had already stated that he felt for you, that that was how he had discovered you were the one still alive. Which meant he had quite probably been meditating as your comrades had been placed into that furnace. You had dreamed of what it would have been like to have been burned alive. Those were never nightmares for you. Bad dreams, perhaps; but you would not label them as nightmares. At that point in time, you had been in a poorer position, had not accepted that you and Ren could use one another. The majority of the time you were with him, you had dreamed of home. Alas, when you had returned to Naboo, it had been…unpleasant at best. A nightmare, your mind supplied. Kylo Ren rose from the bed while you watched him. The man moved towards the refresher, into which he disappeared. You crossed the room as well. Stripping out of your clothes, you set both your hands on the mattress. You wore only your underwear. This allowed you to stare down at your scars. The one from where Kylo Ren had pierced you, and another where he had singed you in the side with his lightsaber while interrogating another Resistance member. You grit your teeth at that memory. The man had broken, spilling secrets you had insisted he could hold—you could have taken it, even if it had meant your death. You slipped your hands along the mattress as you climbed onto the bed in full. Your abdomen was sore. Fatigue was setting in. Hmm… It’s close to time for a new chip… Could that be the cause? The endometriosis…all my internal injuries… The doctor said… Each of your thoughts trailed off, though they strung together quite nicely. You laid down on the bed, curling up on your side so that you could properly watch the door to the refresher. It was part of your arrangement with Kylo Ren that your medical needs would be taken care of. You curled your arms around your midsection. Having believed that he was simply using the toilet, you clicked your tongue against the roof of your mouth in annoyance upon hearing the shower turn on. He would be cleaning his wounds and changing his bandages. You did not want to wait that long to ask him the questions that had arisen in your mind. Thus you shimmied to the opposite edge, dangled your legs over the side of the bed, and moved up onto your feet. The door was not locked, not that you had expected it to be. Kylo Ren wanted to be kept on his toes with you. Allow you chances to attack—only this time, you would bide your time more and not be foolish in your attempts. You pushed open the door and walked over to the toilet. You sat on the closed lid, your arms once more around your midsection. “When will the chip be switched?” you asked, ensuring that your voice was loud enough to carry over the sound of the spray. Kylo Ren merely muttered out your name. You waited for several seconds before deciding to humor him. Your hands pushed down your panties and then you busied yourself with unhooking your bra. You climbed into the steaming shower with him. Immediately you were pleased that you did so. The warmth felt great on your body. Ren did not make it a point to touch you, nor did he deliberately avoid you. He brushed against you here and there as he washed himself. You were allowed to remain under the spray for the most part, save for when the man required it to rinse off soap. Ren once more stepped into the spray, and you pressed your front against his back. “A physical exam is scheduled for tomorrow,” he said. “It may not be due to the need for a replacement chip, although the possibility is likely… You’ve adjusted the way you had been exercising. You have hardly taken into consideration that the majority of your training occurred prior to your death.” That was true, you noted, setting your palms flat against his shoulder blades. The man hardly flinched under your touch, though he did tense a little. He was not one who enjoyed others touching him without his permission. You had taken note of this; it was a reason you had always been baffled by the fact that he often had contact with you. Kylo Ren shifted around, turning so that your hands were on his chest. You tilted back your head to peer up at his face. The scar was faint, yet it was there. Your eyes traveled along it before you met his gaze in full. “That was your fault.” That you had died—he had placed you in the care of Miovtha. And that you had lived; his reaction to your death… “Had I been on… That is to say—if either of us had been on the opposite side with the other…me with the First Order, or you with the Resistance…” “Are you looking for affection due to losing your parents?” He often deflected when it came to anything remotely sentimental. Your eyes dropped to his chest, and you rested your head there. This man had killed his father; he had told you as much, had chastised you for even momentarily mourning Han Solo. Your hands shifted down to the light scar that was the remains of his bowcaster wound. He had used a generous amount of bacta and other ointments to reduce the visibility of the scar. In truth, it was still in the process of healing. “Mm… that isn’t it at all. You are truly curious about me… How sweet.” In the past, you would have cursed him for implying such a thing. More and more, however, you were discovering how alike the two of you were in certain respects. Devoted to the cause; on opposite sides of this war. “Complimenting you in any manner is a waste. You’re arrogant,” you shot. Ren’s response was to grunt then cup your face in his hands. He smirked down at you when he tilted your head back so that you were forced to meet his gaze. You narrowed your eyes half-heartedly at him. “You have theorized that Snoke will not order you to kill me… He may eventually.” Your mind could not fully escape from the memory of him murdering his own father; though you had not seen it with your own eyes, your imagination provided plenty enough of a visual. “I have already informed you, Tooke: you help to increase my power. Killing you would be a waste.” Your bottom lip quivered at that. How many of your allies had this man killed? He murdered countless on the battlefield—yet your death would be a waste? It was a disgusting compliment you wished could not have been bestowed upon you. Kylo Ren’s mouth found yours. Though you did not respond, you did nothing to push him away either. He kissed you only that single time, and then left your mouth and his in close proximity. “Were you ever in love, Tooke?” Despite the hot spray of water, you felt a sudden chill. There was a sort of desperation in his voice as he posed the question. As though he wished to own you entirely, be the only individual you had ever considered spending your life with—even if another reality would have had to have existed. “Not like that,” you said, knowing it would do you little good to lie. He had been in your mind before, and he would quite likely visit it many times more. Ren dipped his chin a fraction of an inch. His suspicions had been confirmed. The hands that were cupping your face dropped to his sides. Kylo Ren turned around, shutting off the shower and then reaching out to grab a towel for himself. After wrapping the cloth around his waist, the Force user seized the spare towel and gave it to you. You clutched the towel against your chest. It took you a few moments longer before you fully snapped back to the present and proceeded to dry yourself. “I will show you, Tooke, how sentiment is a weakness. It will be your downfall.” You stared after him as he exited the refresher. You were still drying off at that point. Shaking your head, you could not help but wonder if sentiment would be his downfall. You wrapped the towel about your body, your bare feel pattering on the floor as you walked over to the exit. “Do you believe that I won’t be able to kill you…because you were my first? Because I think about how it might have been?” You dropped the towel when you arrived at the edge of the bed. Kylo Ren, as naked as you, sat atop the blankets. He was cross-legged when you knelt at his side. Your hands were on his thigh, and you felt his gaze lingering on the two tattoos of his names. His fingers trailed along the tattoo of Ben Solo . “I used to pretend that you could be him… But no one can return to the past. It doesn’t work like that, no matter how much we want to cling onto things. I may be sentimental…but I’m learning. I understand that now.” “You had to die to learn,” he said, his tone one of mocking. You tilted your head to the side, cringing as you fought off a wave of pain. “You did as well. It may have been on a more…figurative level…but—“ You were forced to swallow your next words when the man’s hand flew to the back of your head, and he tugged you forward, your lips meeting his. Both of you kept your eyes open, your tongues battling for dominance. Your fingertips dug into the flesh of his thigh. His tongue pressed down on yours, forcing you to submit to him. The moment you stopped fighting, Ren broke away. “You are afraid, Tooke. What will you do once you at last kill me? The general is working alongside you for the time being, however you have to be more on guard with him… Which leads me to wonder: do you plan on using him to strengthen yourself…only to betray him first. Once he is out of the way, you will kill me—or die trying.” You flinched, ripping yourself away from him entirely. Your heart was pounding in your chest, racing and drumming in your ears. He had read you like an open book without first invading your mind. The two of you knew one another too well. Which meant that your own suspicions were likely true: that a part of this man loved you. You gulped at the thought, the realization. “Which memory was it?” you asked, your voice so small. Ren’s wide eyes searched your face, as though the man was looking for an out. Snoke’s pupil and you: two puppets becoming further and further entangled with one another. General Hux’s strings, likewise, were adding to that tangled mess. If the three of you were not careful, your movements would be limited and the puppet master would cut your strings—not to free you, but to instead break you, burn you, eliminate you. “Which memory made you want me?” “How devoted you were to your parents. That you would throw away your life, your freedom…to save them.” You furrowed your brow at the mention of freedom. Kylo Ren chuckled. “Joining the Resistance meant you had to sacrifice so much. The idea of even having a family of your own… You were willing to put that off indefinitely to further the ideals of your mother and father. Your relationship with them was…interesting. The way you disagreed with much, and yet… You were so devoted.” Ironic, that this was what he told you; given that his devotion continued to endear him to you in a way. “I am still devoted,” you argued. Kylo Ren nodded, a smile spreading on his face. You refused to back down as you had in the past, did not lower your gaze. You were devoted: to the cause of destroying him . In a twisted way, you were devoted to Kylo Ren. “This is all a mess.” “You have proven on more than one occasion that you easily adapt,” he drawled. You sighed and started to run your fingers through your hair. “Would you like to eat with me, Tooke?” Deflection yet again, though this time in a different manner. He acted as though he did not long for your company, phrased his requests as inquiries to make it seem as though you were the one who needed this. General Hux was not the only individual making your job more difficult than it should be. You were far too drawn to your captor in the same way he was drawn to you. Respect and longing. Neither of you could allow sentiment to interfere with your jobs. Perhaps, you thought, that was why Kylo Ren committed monstrous deeds. The man who had once been nothing more than a creature; Ren stared at you with those wide eyes, as though he was pleading with you. “Yes,” you replied. Ren lifted up his datapad from the bedside table, flicking through a few screens. You guessed that he was putting in an order for food. When he had finished with this task, the Force user went to his closet. He pulled on a pair of loose pants then grabbed out a large shirt and a pair of your panties. You dressed when these two clothing items were tossed over to you. Ren rejoined you on the bed, the man closing his eyes while lying beside you. You watched him. “Why did you warn me?” His eyes reopened, and the man was staring at you with a questioning look. “All those times, hinting that I would not be free even if I escaped… You dropped hints that you were, in some twisted way, being merciful with how you were treating me. Allowing me those moments to try to kill you. Why?” “It does not matter.” Funny, you thought; he said that sentiment did not matter. You sighed and looked to the door so that you could watch for the food to arrive. Chapter 3 : Advantages Notes: Slightly shorter chapter; I plan on having the next chapter be a bit longer. Advantages General Hux’s words ran through your head, his statement on repeat. Kylo Ren, despite stating otherwise, was not willing to allow you to die. He cared for you in a way that he could not admit even to himself. As you sat there on the bed, you felt your mind racing once more over the possibility that the two of you, in another life, could have been in love. At the very least, this man would have loved you. It made you feel rather numb. Your enemy, the man you had devoted a large part of your life to by training to kill him, might have loved you more deeply than anyone else in the universe. You wrapped your arms around your midsection, hunching forward so that you were able to rest your forehead on your knees. You had to tell yourself that Kylo Ren was wrong; sentiment would not be your downfall. Though it would undoubtedly distract you, you would not let it prevent you from carrying out your mission. Perhaps this was one of the General’s first strikes; psychological warfare. It would potentially throw both you and Ren off your game, and give the redhead the advantage in whatever play he was readying. The man beside you was quiet; you took this to mean he had fallen into a state of meditation as he waited for the food to be delivered. You peeked over at him. His gaze alternated between unfocused and focused until his eyelids descended. He had fallen into a state of calm you wished you could achieve. You had meditated in the past a number of times, however had never been able to master the devotion Kylo Ren put into such a task. Though you were patient, clearing your mind completely was not your forte. You would constantly be running calculations through your head, going through various plans so that you could gain the advantage, or else reminisce. Ren was able to tune you out completely though. With the Force, he would be able to snap back to attention at a moment’s notice. You hardly understood the exact mechanics as to how it worked. Imbalances. Wavelengths? You sighed, stretching out your legs a little in order to become more comfortable while you observed him. “If you hadn’t…” You caught yourself, cleared your throat, and dropped your gaze down to your feet. You could hear the man shift. He had been drawn out of his state of meditation at the sound of your voice. This was another way you knew he was, in some way, obsessed with you. He wanted to hear what you had to say. You ran your tongue along your lips to wet them. All the while, you were deciding how wise it would be to speak aloud your questions. “Do you believe you would have been in love with me?” “Had I remained with Skywalker?” You nodded, your chest deflating a little in relief with the knowledge that he was truly taking your words into consideration. Other times he could be so dismissive; you did not know if that would have been worse or not. “Perhaps we would never have met.” You blinked at that then furrowed your brow and pursed your lips. He was being more factual than you had expected. On second thought, you supposed you should not have been so surprised. He was avoiding the answer whilst still engaging in conversation with you. Playing the lead, forcing you to follow along if you wanted to learn anything . You tapped your thumb against your thigh. Kylo Ren was not removing his stare from you, which meant that he suspected you might choose to ignore him. It would not be the first time this happened between the pair of you. You tilted back your head, lifting your chin and looking towards the ceiling. “You know exactly what I mean, Ren. Stop acting as though you don’t.” “You may have been different, Tooke. As would I have been…” “I would have been hunting someone else,” you shot, meeting his eye. His eyes lowered down to your mouth, his jaw twitching. “I learned about you after I joined the Resistance. That wouldn’t have changed.” “It does not mat—“ “You don’t believe Hux would use this to his advantage? I’m playing both sides—you and Hux are both aware of this. That means I need to be extra careful. You already guessed it, that I would need to attack General Hux before you. That means that I need to ensure you don’t fall to such a game. This particular factor would hurt me just as much as you.” The further you delved into your explanation, the straighter Kylo Ren sat on the bed. He curved a lone arm, resting it across his lap. His head was cocked partway to the side. This was a calculation he had possibly failed to make. So caught up was he with your life that he did not realize how much of a weakness it could be. His deflection of sentimentality could be his downfall. Ironic, you thought, that you had to work with your enemies in order to bring them down. “I may have sought out your company.” It was a step. He would not concede to possibly loving you in another life, and yet this was progress all the same. It gave you room in which to work. You nodded in response to his words to allow him to know you had heard him. “As for you—your feelings are evident.” He was avoiding speaking his former name, his past identity. This allowed you to know how sharp your words were, cutting into his defenses. You sucked your bottom lip into your mouth and chewed on it. You had come to learn that no one in the First Order spoke of Ben Solo . This allowed you to reach the conclusion that his past name was likely taboo—which, in turn, meant that him allowing you to speak it showed that you did have some sort of effect on him. As for Hux… I will need to find his weakness. Maybe Ren already knows it. A light rap on the door was succeeded almost immediately by the entrance of a droid. You looked towards it, noting the trays of food it was carrying. These were set up at the bedside. Both you and Kylo Ren were silent as the droid carried out instructions that had previously been given to it. You felt the man behind you shifting on the bed only when the droid was heading out. He sat to where you were positioned between his legs, which dangled over the edge of the bed. You leaned against his chest, though you were careful to not bump into his healing injuries. Kylo reached past you, picked up his fork, and stabbed it into a bite of food. Your eyes tracked every move he made, and your heart hiccupped in your chest when he placed the bite near your mouth. You parted your lips, a buzzing sort of sensation running along the base of your neck as the food was slipped into your mouth. You then closed your lips around the prongs. Ren withdrew the utensil, and it was then that you started to chew. He prepared a second bite, this one for himself. Your mind wandered back to when you had been forced to wear the muzzle and bindings. He had fed you then as well. The contrast here—that you could freely move—made his gesture more intimate. In a way, he was reaffirming the answer to your question; he very likely would have entered into a relationship with you had the two of you been on the same side. How many times had he attempted to have you renounce the Resistance? He had wanted you to join him in the First Order. Or perhaps the First Order had nothing to do with it at all. He merely desired an ally, someone he could trust. You swallowed the food and allowed him to feed you three bites more before at last picking up the second fork. Kylo Ren shifted so that he was better able to feed himself while you ate. You watched him in your peripheral. Though he was relaxed, his gaze constantly strayed to you. Always observant. “I don’t want either of you to have the upper hand,” you murmured when next your mouth was empty. Ren’s lips twitched before returning into a neutral expression. You turned your head to the side, allowed your eyes to wander along the contours of his face, and heaved out a sigh. “He does though.” “A temporary set back, Tooke.” Playing both sides of the field—or three sides, if you counted the fact that you needed Ren and Hux dead—had you juggling numerous tasks. All the while you needed to work on healing. You ate more of the food, thankful for the nutrients, and also grateful that it was nothing that would upset your sensitive system. “Do you feel like a pet?” The amusement dripped from his voice. Your eyebrows rose towards your hairline. “At times, yes. This isn’t news to you.” “No.” So, he’s wanting to steer the conversation away from Hux. Rule of Two… He wants the focus to be on the relationship between me and him. You placed your fork down on the tray in order to grab the drink that had been poured for you. Though there was still a generous amount of food left on your plate, your stomach was already quite full. You set down the cup and leaned back against Kylo Ren. He released a light noise yet continued on eating without pause. Positioned as you were, you were able to feel his muscles move with each of his actions. Stretching, flexing, relaxing. His previous injuries were hardly going to be a detriment to him. He was healing quickly, and the man knew how to keep himself in shape. Meditation was likely decreasing the amount of time it would take to heal. Perhaps the Force was helping with that factor as well. You wanted to learn more about it, this strange power, in order to better fight against him. This was where General Hux might not be able to assist you. The man hardly seemed the type to put much stock into the Force. There had hardly been any Force users in the Resistance. General Organa—nothing like what Ren could do though. “What can you sense through the Force?” You remained entirely relaxed as you asked the question. Kylo Ren set down his fork and dropped the hand that had been holding it into your lap. He squeezed your thigh. “You’ve said about…sensing me dying. You also seem to be rather adept at knowing my moods. You can sense them, can’t you?” By way of answer, he pressed his lips against your throat. You swallowed thickly as he kissed you. The fact that your focus was on him was pleasing him. This was the part of your relationship with the man that was dangerous to you alone. You could almost fall for him in these moments when you pretended that the pair of you were not enemies. You forced yourself to call to mind the injuries he had dealt your body. His lips, still against your neck, curved into a smile. “Such a clever fighter.” You lifted a hand, setting it against he side of his head. His hair was soft, and for a moment you did allow yourself to have another hypothetical moment. A time to play make-believe. It eased the stress your mind was under; offered you’re a temporary break from the constant calculations dealing with the various factors that could influence your actions. “It has taken you quite some time to realize the position of power you hold.” “I was impatient,” you conceded. A moment later you removed your hand from his hair. “You say that you will… The Rule of Two—in a strange way, you will groom me? In order for you to stay on your toes, I need to be an actual threat. It’s why you’re allowing General Hux to play a part. But there are things he will refuse to do, materials he would never provide.” “You wish to learn more of the Force.” The back of his hand gently met the side of your face. You leaned into his touch, turning your head so that you could meet his gaze. Those dark orbs were running up and down, flicking back and forth as they took in your eyes. You wondered for yet another time how deeply into others he could peer. And what would that be like? He locked himself away, shutting out many emotions that others took for granted. Perhaps, for him, it was similar to watching a holovid. Familiar yet so distant; pretend and surreal. “…as though I need to hold your hand.” Having caught only the tail end of what he had said, you mentally berated yourself for being so distracted. You were too close to the target. This went beyond your training, which was another reason you knew it would be wise to listen to the man. Be patient. “Do you enjoy it?” A grunt, tinged with a startled noise, greeted you. “Holding my hand.” A puff of air that sounded quite like it came from his nostrils. A laugh. “With the awareness that it deludes Hux into believing his plan is without any hitches, it is quite enjoyable.” You chewed on your bottom lip at those words, nodding in agreement. “You are my prop as much as I am a tool for you to grow stronger. Do not blind yourself.” “In other words: remain useful.” You were only thankful that, in this context, sex had nothing to do with what he was demanding of you. “Tit for tat.” “Limited texts, Tooke. There is much you cannot learn simply by reading.” You again nodded. Some things you would learn by observing Kylo Ren, and others you would likely never know. After all, you did not have the Force. “I will bring them once the results from tomorrow morning’s appointment are given.” The Force user pulled you backwards along with him when he shifted back to the center of the bed. You winced, the pain never fully fading. “I should continue to stay with you at night.” You curled up against him. Your breathing was slightly more labored than usual. “The ‘troopers may fear you, however both they and the officers never seem to fully respect orders. At least when it comes to leaving me alone.” “You’re so weak.” He said it softly, and not as a means to insult you. His hand trailed along your abdomen, tracing over the scar his lightsaber had left. “You will behave then, Tooke.” “As I have been.” Even speaking those words were exhausting in a way. You were tired. You could not recall having ever looked so forward to a physician’s visit in the past; you were ready for morning to arrive. With a final, heavy breath, you curled one arm behind your head and allowed yourself to drift off as you laid on Kylo. Chapter 4 : Irritable Student Irritable Student During this examination, both a physician and a medical droid were present. You felt awkward, the way they prodded at you. The physician, a different individual than you had seen in the past, questioned you regarding your symptoms. You emphasized the pain. When asked to point where the worst areas were, you obeyed without hesitation. A large part of you wanted to get this over with so that a new chip would be put in; in the past, it seemed to have helped curb your pain. The physician, whose name you had not yet bothered to remember, was not allowing you to speed through the examination. He hummed in thought, listening to your heart and taking your vitals for a second time. You rolled your eyes when he commented on your agitated state. Of course you were agitated! “Stars,” you growled, shaking your head. From the chair he was seated in, Kylo Ren adjusted his posture and looked your way. You forced yourself to relax. It would be wise to be patient, you told yourself; it would not do to make the same mistakes you had in the past. This was for your health; the only way you would be a threat to Ren and Hux would be if you were as healthy as possible. Running a tongue over your lips, you apologized half-heartedly to the physician. The man’s smile was strained. He ran a hand soothingly along your arm. You flinched, tensing and then relaxing whilst wondering why simple human contact unnerved you so. Because I’m not used to it like this. Not anymore. You sniffled. The physician resumed the examination, continuing with the same line of questioning. Though it caused your legs to constantly be in motion, you did what you could to remain patient with the man and answer his questions. You were soon made to lie down on your back, at which point you were prodded more. Kylo Ren stood from the chair, crossed the room so that he was at your side, and observed the way you hissed in pain when the physician pressed down near your scar. “Mm,” the man hummed in thought. The pressure of his hands relented, the man drawing back. He gestured to the droid, which also came closer; it brought with it a device that was used to scan your abdomen. “Hmm. I will switch out the chip, and we will see if that helps with some of the pain. If the pain does not fade—Master Ren, I will need to conduct a more thorough investigation.” “At this time, you do not wish to do anything so invasive.” Though it was spoken as a statement, you could tell there was room allowed for the physician to argue. He must have sensed this, for the physician shook his head. “I don’t think it would benefit her at this time, especially if we find that it is unnecessary. In that case, it truly would cause her more harm than good.” “How long until the chip becomes effective?” “For her pain?” Ren’s head dipped as he nodded in response. The physician tilted his head from side to side, considering. “Two days’ worth of pain medication in the interim should help. She will still have some pain when the medication wears off, but it should be more tolerable….and, hopefully, lessen more as time goes on.” “That is acceptable for now. Proceed.” “Yes, sir.” You bunched up the blankets underneath you in your fist, grasping it while the old chip was removed and the new one implanted. You bit down on the pillow that was nearest to you, unsure if it was the one you slept with or Ren’s. It did not matter either way; it was keeping your scream muffled. You were so sore already that what would have been only minor discomfort transformed into further agony. A shudder ran through your body, and tears slipped from your eyes down onto the bedding. When the physician ordered the pain medication, you turned your head to the side, allowing the pillow to slip out of your mouth. “No.” “Foolish, Tooke,” Kylo Ren snapped. You jerked, jumping at the hostility in his tone. Your eyes were wide, your pupils dilated. “New mistakes.” Your lips parted and air rushed into your lungs; you had not realized you had stopped breathing until that moment. You gave a small, tentative nod. “Do it.” The physician obeyed the man once more, again ordering for the medication to be brought. The droid that had assisted in your examination exited Kylo Ren’s quarters. You stared after it, ticking off each passing second in your head. It took the droid only nine minutes to return, bringing the drug with it. You accepted the pill, as well as the glass of water the physician had prepared in the meanwhile. You set the pill on your tongue, tossing back a large gulp of water in order to swallow the medication. It went down smoothly, for which you were thankful. Both the droid and the man who had conducted the examination lingered for several minutes longer. It took you a little to realize that he was ensuring you did not have an immediate adverse reaction to the medication. So thorough, you thought. Then again, your mind supplied, if this man had heard anything of what had happened to those near you when you had died on the table, it was no wonder he was being extra careful with you. You waited until he and the droid did leave before looking once more to Kylo Ren. The Force user had not returned to the chair to meditate. His eyes were on you, his mouth set in a frown. “Your body requires sleep,” he said before you had a chance to speak first. You lowered your eyes, feeling rather chastised, much like a child. “The side effects of the medication will help you at this point.” “I already feel so out of control, Ren. Do you even know what that’s like?” Even to your own ears, your voice was too soft. Hardly above a whisper. Kylo did not even attempt to answer. You peered up at him, discovering that he was watching you with a guarded expression. Your own words ran through your head; the way you had referred to him as Ren , as though the two of you were on such familiar terms. Had you never done so in the past? Suddenly you were unable to remember; and what did it matter even if you had? For some reason, this occurrence was what had impacted him the most. Or was he simply marveling over your frailty? “May I have something to eat?” You wanted to change the subject, to get him to stop looking at you like that. It was too…too tender , your mind supplied. As though he were pitying you, and you had no room for his pity. His lips pressed into a thin line, which was an improvement in your book. “The medication might be too harsh on my stomach otherwise,” you continued when there was no other alteration in Kylo Ren’s position. “Unless it’s too early for breakfast.” “I will have something brought.” At long last did his gaze leave you. Kylo Ren walked to the bedside table on which his communications device sat. You eyed the object with the knowledge that the man had encrypted the thing with a password that rendered it unusable by you. He had, at the same time, provided you with a device of your own; with it, however, you could only contact him. While your captor committed himself to the task of ordering food, you rose from the bed and started to remove your clothing. When you had been with the Resistance, you had hardly imagined any situation in which you would be so bold as to strip in front of anyone, save for if your life depended on it. This man, however, had seen you stripped countless times. He had taken your virginity; and you did not feel his gaze raking over you as it had in the past—that was not to say he did not look; you saw his eyes flicker over to you, running up and down before abandoning you. The cool air of the room brushed along your flesh. You winced as it seemed to pool along your tender flesh near your scar. Your fingertips landed on that portion of your anatomy. In your peripheral, you could see Kylo Ren coming nearer to you. His chest was soon flush with your back, and he set a hand atop yours. His fingers stretched beyond yours, curling underneath so that he was the one touching the scar to the wound his blade had inflicted. “You should be dead.” A dry chuckle escaped you. You turned your head so that it was easier for you to see his face. He was staring at where his fingers were on you. “And yet you’re fighting it—death. For you to have questioned the very idea of taking pain medication was foolish.” “Pride, I guess,” you whispered. He released a small noise, took a step back from you, and gestured towards where his clothing was kept. You obeyed, having already been in the mindset of dressing in one of his shirts already. Due to the differences in size between Kylo Ren and you, his clothing was far looser than the outfits that were provided for you. And you were too sore to want anything touching your flesh. The majority of his clothing was black, however you managed to find a sweatshirt that was a dark gray. This you pulled out and slipped over your head before grabbing out a pair of panties and socks for yourself. The medication was beginning to kick in, which caused it to feel as though the room was spinning. You set a hand on the wall to steady yourself, leaning the entirety of your weight on it a moment later. You slid down the length, turning so that your back was against the hard surface, and set your hands palm-down on the ground. Kylo Ren eyed you for a passing moment, strode to the door, and opened it to allow the food to be delivered. This time it was not a droid but a ‘trooper. The armored individual did not so much as spare you a glance. You, meanwhile, watched him. Observed the way his hands trembled so that the glass containing your juice shook, the liquid within rippling. The tray was set on the bedside table, and the stormtrooper nearly darted towards the exit. Kylo Ren allowed the man to leave before he walked up to you. “I’ve got it.” Ren’s hands twitched at his sides. He had not made a move to offer you any assistance, yet you were convinced that was the exact reason he had come closer. Despite your own insistence that you were fine on your own, you reached forward, clutched the front of his robes, and used the material to drag yourself up. His shoulders rose and fell in a sigh. You set one of your hands on his arm to keep yourself steady, having started to sway the moment you were on your feet. “I don’t want to rely on you, you know.” “You would cut your nose to spite your face.” This immediately had you frowning, your eyes narrowing as you glowered at the man. Kylo Ren matched your glare with one of his own, his lips curling into a snarl. He jerked back, yanking his arm out of your grasp, and you found yourself tumbling forward. His hands did not rise in the least to catch you. Yours, meanwhile, swiftly rose so that you were able to prevent your face from meeting the ground. A cry left you as you collided with the floor. “I don’t have time for your games.” You blinked through the tears that were gathering in your eyes. Tears of pain, anger and all-out frustration. “You’re an ass.” No response. You sniffed, feeling rather indignant, and shifted onto your hands and knees. You would not relent, would not give in and ask him for help. Instead you proceeded to crawl towards the bed. His boots were level with your stomach the entire time, the man crossing the room with you. You swung at his ankle. Having thought he would move, you growled when your hand met his boot. You wrapped your fingers around it, stopped crawling, and attempted to yank, to force him to lose his footing. Nothing. On the contrary, the strength it took for you to accomplish any of this had you feeling rather exhausted. “I’m feeling like a kriffing pet again.” “I have no qualms with placing the food on the floor.” “That isn’t what I meant.” “I know.” You peered up at him, your frown deepening when you discovered he was smirking down at you. Once, when you had finished a part of your training with the Resistance, you had drank a little too much. That evening you had found yourself curled up on the floor in the middle of one of the classrooms; the next morning you had remained there, much to the chagrin of the instructor. The way your head was feeling as though it were about to float off your shoulders, you decided to act similarly. You released your hold on the Force user’s ankle, laid down on your side, and huffed out a rather dramatic sigh. Kylo Ren began to reach over you towards the bedside table. “Don’t put it on the floor.” His limb remained frozen in place. “I need a moment.” “You waste a lot of time, Tooke.” Scrunching up your nose, you looked the man up and down. You rolled back onto your hands and knees, finished crawling to the bed’s edge and started to pull yourself up onto the mattress. “Stubborn.” “Hypocrite,” you shot, dragging the tray closer to the table’s edge so that you could better reach it. You pinched a piece off of the biscuit that was there. Fluffy biscuit. “Why is it orange?” “Carrot.” “Hmm.” You drew the small portion into your mouth. It did not taste exactly like a carrot, which you supposed was good in a way. You broke off another piece, eating the food in this manner until you at last sat up so that you could drink your juice. “Will you bring the texts so that I can learn more of the Force?” Kylo Ren turned on his heel, going over to his chair and sitting down in it. You observed every action of his, patiently waiting for an answer. Nothing. Silence was your answer. You noisily slurped more of your juice, making as much noise as you possibly could. He took the bait, looking your way. “The Force is in all living things.” “I know that much,” you said, ensuring you did not sound too snotty or annoyed. You did not wish to dissuade him from speaking with you on the subject. “But…harnessing its power—how are you able to do that?” “I can feel it—the Force. I call upon it, will it to do my bidding. The Force can influence us, and those who are Force sensitive can influence the Force.” A bunch of mumbo jumbo that isn’t going to do me any good. “Are the hand gestures necessary?” “On occasion. It is easier to visualize, which enhances ones connection with the Force. In speaking—why does one use hand gestures at all? Speaking does not require this either.” It was a good comparison, you had to admit. “It increases one’s concentration then?” Kylo Ren nodded at your question. “You’re more focused than I realized.” His posture altered at the praise. He fidgeted, you noted; the man slouched for half a beat then sat up straighter. It sometimes escaped you how insecure he could be. This was one of the reasons you had first started to pity him, to view him as something other than strictly your enemy—his humanity. “How does it work, though—you delving into the minds of others? How is someone able to use the Force to change what one thinks? The way you made me… When you took my virginity… How does that work?” “A battle of the minds.” You nodded, hoping this action aloud would prompt him to continue. “Think of it…similar to hypnosis. The power of suggestion, yet enhanced by the Force.” “I…” You averted your gaze. “You do not believe yourself to be weak minded enough to fall for such things…yet anyone, truly, can be influenced if the scenario opens them to deception.” At these words, you again looked at the man. “You will be provided with texts on the Force this evening. For now…resting will benefit you.” “And you.” “Yes.” So matter-of-fact, you thought. Still, you did not argue with him this time. You settled down against the pillow for a nap. Your body was sore, even more so after having been prodding by the physician and following your fall. To help yourself fall asleep more quickly, you watched Kylo Ren. The man had closed his eyes, no doubt clearing his mind so that he could fall into a state of meditation. He was healing faster than anyone else would have in his position, and you attributed this to his connection with the Force, his ability to meditate. He knew what his body needed. In fact, he knew what your body needed, even when you were fighting against logic due to your streak of stubbornness. When you woke from your sleep, you felt a body behind your own. You did not move away, nor shift in any form. You waited there, feeling the way the chest against your back rose and fell evenly. There were times, like now, when it was difficult for you to discern whether or not Kylo Ren was awake without looking at him. The tray was absent from the bedside table, and in its place were two scrolls. They looked well used—old. You blinked at the sight of them. Were they the texts that Kylo had promised you? You did not wish to make that assumption only to discover you were reading something that was none of your business, something that would cause the man to lash out at you. Thus you instead slipped a hand into your pillowcase and pulled out the virtual Tooke pet. There were no alterations in Ren’s breathing. The pain medication was working rather well; there was only a dull ache now. You were able to distract yourself from even this by playing with the tooke. As you played, you also reflected on past conversations with both Kylo Ren and General Hux. The three of you each planned in your own ways. Predicting one another’s next moves. You were the underdog, working on their playing field. I need to take risks then, you decided. You set down the electronic you had been playing with in favor of reaching for one of the scrolls. You cradled the object, unrolling it with care. Immediately you were greeted with text regarding the Force. Fighting techniques. Even if these had not been intended for you, if instead they were for Kylo Ren’s lessons, it would benefit you to look over them. In a strange way, you were becoming a student in the ways of the Force. Chapter 5 : Monsters Rising Notes: This chapter should have been a little longer, however I lost a bit of time (over 5 hours) filling out papers due to medical stuff. Soooo.... Managed to put in most of what I wanted though. Monsters Rising It had become too natural for you, spooning with Kylo Ren. This would have unnerved you had it not been for your arrangement; and thus the cool draft that crept along your back allowed you to know that you were alone. It awoke you. Your chest rose then fell as you sighed. You turned over, running your hand along the pillow that had previously cradled Ren’s head. You had focused so long on making your life’s goal the murder of the man; fall the while, your general had been hoping for him to be saved. It’s a decision he would have to make for himself, you thought, rolling onto your back. You placed the back of your hand on your forehead. He said he killed his father… And then later had berated you for feeling sympathy for a man you had never met. You started at the sound of a knock on the door. A single, light rap. Sitting up, you slipped out from underneath the covers. The cold air assaulted your flesh, prompting you to rub your arms with both your hands. You hit the button, and the door slid open. On the other side stood General Hux. His arms were crossed behind his back, and he had an air of patience about him. “His training has begun.” An explanation as to why you were alone. “He left this morning. Supreme Leader believes your presence would be too much of a distraction during the beginnings of his lessons.” All the same, Snoke did not wish to have you killed. At least, not at this moment in time. You eyed the general, the man who had essentially ordered the murder of your mother. “Am I to assume I’m once more in your care?” He smirked at you. “What does this entail?” “Our arrangement still stands, tooka. I will later take you to the firing range for practice… I don’t doubt that your skills are in need of improvement after all this time. You will remain in Ren’s quarters at night—and the medical droids and physicians will continue to monitor your condition.” Partway through him speaking, you had dropped your gaze down to the shirt you wore. It was large on you, yet that was nothing new. What was new was that you felt rather naked in it. This man before you was not someone you wished to be intimate with—not any longer. General Hux, ever observant, took a single step backwards simultaneous to hitting the button that ordered the doors to close. You headed for fresh clothing without a moment’s hesitation. You flinched when the material of your shirt grazed your flesh. It was still too tender for your liking. You removed the shirt immediately, grabbed out another of Kylo Ren’s, and put this on instead. It hung low on you, to the middle of your thighs. You blinked, fiddling with the hem. It was older. Stretched out, save for at the neck. Shrugging this off, you finished dressing and then moved back to the door. General Hux’s eyes were drawn instantly to the tooke hair clip you had decided to wear. His mouth was open, yet only a strangled sound emerged. He almost seemed so human, you thought; not like the monster you knew him to be. Someone who could order the destruction of an entire system… So many deaths. Unnecessary. Innocents. Casualties. I’m going to destroy you one day. This day, however, you flashed him a quick, sarcastic smile, and stepped out. “Shoes.” You paused, your gaze drifting down to your bare feet. Scrunching up your nose, you obeyed solely due to the fact that you knew you needed the practice as well. Out of the two pairs of footwear that had been given to you, you selected the slippers over the daytime shoes. General Hux grit his teeth when he saw this, but the man raised no objections. He likely understood that the slippers were lighter weight, and thus they did not exhaust you as much. Nor aggravate your sore body. In this, you respected General Hux despite your dislike of the man; he picked his battles. The redhead gestured for you to follow along after him, and you obeyed without question. His arms were once more crossed behind his back, one wrist cupped in his hand. You stared at his gloves. Clean. Immaculate even. You expected nothing less of him. Officers, stormtroopers and technicians alike greeted their general with respect whilst at the same time making a point to sneer at you. They were well aware that you were off-limits; they could not assault you as some had attempted to in the past. That would never erase the disdain they held for you. A Resistance member—or were you a former Resistance member? You mulled this over, ultimately unsure of the exact answer. It did not matter. Your goals were inline with the Resistance and that mattered. Following along behind the man, you allowed your mind to continue to wander. Kylo Ren was training with Snoke at this very moment. Had he taken a shuttle then? You had previously been under the impression that you would leave the Finalizer with him. That Hux would. Unless, for the time being, Snoke wanted only Kylo Ren present. It was entirely possible. And you were fearful—not knowing what to expect when the man returned. All your mind could focus on was that Snoke had been the one to tempt your captor-slash-host to leave the Light and join the Dark side of the Force. All of Kylo Ren’s actions ran through your head. The way he had cut down people on the battlefield. That red saber piercing your own flesh. Waiting to be burned to death— hoping that you would be. Wishing against everything that the man hovering over you that day would not take you away from the corpses of your allies. The way he had not seemed to care for you despite his interest in your memories, in your knowledge. Would he become that man again? Or would it be even worse? The glares and snarls of those around you hardly cut through your musings. You were drawn back into the present only when General Hux stopped walking. You planted your feet firmly on the ground, waiting for him to open the door to the range. “I should inform you… At all times, you are in range for stun blasts. Do not be foolish.” Your fingers twitched, a shudder along your spine causing you to roll your shoulders. “I will bide my time, general. It would be suicide…a pointless suicide…for me to try anything now.” He hummed at that, his hand rising in an arc. The doors opened, and the pair of you at last entered the facility. It was a generous size, and yet you knew it was a meager thing in comparison to whatever true training grounds they had aboard the Star Destroyer. A private sort of range. Room enough for roughly three shooters to practice on targets that were set at one of four distances. Already there was one target ready for you; it was set at the closest possible distance. You took no insult to this. In fact, you preferred it. General Hux led you to the weapon rack, where you were allowed to select a blaster to use. A child’s toy, you thought. Even when your father had been teaching you to use a gun, you had not been given such a weak blaster. Then again, your father wasn’t your enemy. He had never been… Your chest felt as though it were constricting, your throat equally tight. Your father. Daddy… It ran through your mind, that memory—real or fake, you still did not know, and perhaps never would—of him when you had died. Staring down at Kylo Ren raging. Your father telling you to return, letting you go back to the pain that was living. You slipped your finger against the trigger and relished at the familiarity. A weapon in your hands. Neither you nor General Hux spoke to one another—or at all. You shifted into the correct position and took aim. A buzz in your head. The sensation that everything around you was not real. This wasn’t real. It was a dream, or something of the sort. Your finger abandoned the trigger in favor of resting on the side of your weapon. You would not fire when your mind was anything other than clear. Your chest rose and fell with every breath that you took. Steady, you told yourself. Steady. In your peripheral, you could see the man with you walking. Back and forth. He was pacing, his eyes never once leaving you. His eyes were narrowed, which allowed you to know he could sense your unease. Perhaps clearly see it. You lifted your chin defiantly. He would have no excuse to take away the weapon, to retract his offer to allow you to train this day. A wave of calm. You replaced your finger, corrected your aim, and fired. A snarl broke across your face. “You are here to practice for a reason, Tooka.” You lowered the blaster prior to looking his way. “That may not have been a kill shot, however it is rather respectable considering.” Considering you were months out of practice. That your body was not as strong as it had been in the past. You were too fearful of the recoil on that first shot. You shook this failure off, deciding to try once more. A second shot turned into a third, a fourth. General Hux was directly behind you now. You could feel his breath on the back of your neck. Irritation grew within. “He’s getting stronger right now.” Another shot. “But you’re both so replaceable to Snoke.” Bam! “That’s why you want me… To take the puppet away from the Master once the training is done… You want Ren to kill Snoke, don’t you?” Two shots in rapid succession. You did not give the redhead any time to respond. “But it won’t work. Flattered as I am that you think I could be so important… Ren won’t.” “You misunderstand, tooka.” A dry chuckle escaped him, the sound ringing in your ear louder than the blaster shots. “It is not out of love that I expect him to kill Snoke over you. It is out of his sense of entitlement. The stronger his powers grow, the more he will feel he is entitled to your adoration. To owning you… Should Snoke attempt to dissuade him of this—and I do not doubt that Supreme Leader will do exactly that—Ren will lash out. That Rule of Two he spoke of, Tooka… You must see it.” You lowered the blaster. The student will attempt to betray the Master… And to think… I need him to succeed…in order for Snoke to be defeated… And then I will be able to focus on destroying Hux and Ren…who both want the other dead. I can use this. “Allowing him to become powerful enough to kill Snoke, however…” Your eyes flicked over to the man, who had started to pace. Looking forward again, you raised your firearm. The worries that General Hux was implying were yours as well. “That is why I need you as well.” “Do you expect to kill me and hope he will have a moment of weakness?” “I have considered it…and yet… This man also killed his father, Tooka. It won’t happen.” This did not insult you in a way it might have in the past. That he was implying you were not important enough for Ren to cry over—the fact of the matter was, the rage that would consume Kylo Ren over your death would only fuel his powers. There was something else that General Hux had in mind. He was not letting you in on it either. You wrinkled your nose, frustration bubbling up inside of you as you felt helpless. Until you regained some of your strength and made progress, you would be at their mercy. You started to tune the man out, which was not difficult given that he had fallen rather quiet again. You did not stop shooting until General Hux demanded that you do so. You lowered the weapon. He pulled it out of your grasp, and you stood there with your arms dangling at your sides. Your aim had started to suffer as time had gone on. Desperation. Frustration. Memories of your father rising up inside of you, memories you did everything you could to choke down. The general of the First Order returned you to Kylo Ren’s quarters, informed you that food would be brought and that you would be visited by a medical droid around dinner time, and then he left. You did not look back as the door closed. Your hands were on your clothes, ripping them off. You needed a shower—the steam. It would help you clear your mind. You sat on the floor of the shower, your knees drawn up to your chest. He was going to become a true monster. The creature you had so feared would soon become reality. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Three Blind Tooke series