The sky was a cool grey, overcast and darkening as time passed. The waves were black, licking up and down the sides of the ship with power, the boat shuddering with each crash. The sun had long since disappeared behind the clouds. The crew was whispering about the storm that was forming; and plenty were praying to the Gods that it would blow over them. The air had a chill to it, the kind of chill that hurt to breathe in after a while. The chill made the black water freezing, and if anyone were to go overboard the sea Gods were sure to take them. The crew spoke of how the storm would not bring snow, but freezing rain, and hail if they were truly lucky. Hux looked off into the distance from the side of the ship. He had earned his sea legs a few hours into their journey, and he was happy to find himself unable to be seasick. The captain had joked about how Hux would make a fine sailor if it weren't for his political stance. A small island was a few yards from the ship, too small to really qualify as an actual island. It would most likely disappear from existence after the storm, the waves already swallowing the sands back into the ocean. With hands clasped behind his back and hair blowing out of place in the wind, Hux looked much like a captain. The way he stood made it seem like he owned everything below him, and in a way, he did. His was the prince and heir to Arkanis. He was used to the rain, and it had actually been strange without it during his travels. No matter how used to the rain he may be, it was still unnerving to know the telltale signs of a storm coming when you are smack in the middle of the Northern Sea. While on Arkanis there was no risk of being swallowed up by the black waves and drowning, while on the ship, though Hux feared for what may become of him. His father had sent him on a journey north to meet with a lord who had offered a marriage between Hux and one of his daughters. Apparently the lord had been important enough in Hux’s father’s eyes to be a candidate for alliance-- and to send his son thousands of leagues north to simply chat for a time. A single fat raindrop tapped atop Hux’s nose, and the prince unclasped his hands to hold one out in front of him, catching another in his palm. Hux sighed, brushing copper hair out of his eyes and turning around as thunder crashed overhead. A few men scrambled to raise the sails, not wanting to get thrown off course and straight into their deaths. Though with the storm, things did not seem so bright for them. A few men were talking about laying anchor and fleeing to the Grey Islands, but the captain shot that idea down before anybody took it into action. The captain claimed that the Grey Islands were a nastier death than drowning. That was if they were killed, of course. Nobody dared speak of what would happen if they were simply held captive. Hux heard the stories of the Grey Islands and the people that lived on them. Violent peoples that still lived in the old ways, everything from human sacrifice to blood magic. The people of the Grey Islands never left the large span of forested islands that made up their home. All people back in the mainland prayed that they’d stay there. The rain started to pick up, and Hux found shelter under deck; leaving the crew to keep him alive for as long as they could manage. Dread loomed over him, Hux knowing deep down that he would die in the near future. Hux brushed the dread away with acceptance, thinking that if it were the Gods’ will for him to drown, so be it. Ω Α The lighting is what caught them. A bolt streaked across the dark sky, illuminating the clouds and striking their main sail. Despite the heavy rainfall the mast took aflame, spreading downward. Men splashed the freezing water on the flames, hoping for the water to slow down the burn. Even if the buckets actually helped it would be no use, the mast already crunching as splinters and sparks fell onto their heads. The crew screamed, all scrambling to try and put out the flames and keep the ship above water. Hux felt terribly hopeless, unable to help. Everyone panicked around him, the captain the only one other than Hux that was not breaking down. Perhaps it was the shock that left Hux in the state he was in, perhaps it was the death acceptance he had made but mere hours before, maybe both. When the mast fell, it took three men with it. Four others just barely got out of the way in time, all on fire. A few men dared jump into the black, none of them coming back up to the surface after diving in. Under deck, water poured in. The ship was going down, and Hux had climbed up the highest point he could in order to stay clear of the water. The screams of the men around him soon became hopeless splashing, then slowed into nothing. Hux was left alone, soaked thoroughly through his robes and teeth clattering. The black licked at his feet, taking him in up to his knees. The storm slowed to a stop after what felt like hours, and Hux felt like he was dead already. Stories of sea monsters swallowing men whole overtook Hux’s brain before he lost consciousness. That acceptance was back again, knowing that this is what the Gods wanted of him. Ω Α The first thing known to him was the cold. His limbs were numb, and then he had no idea how he was alive. He opened his eyes, seeing a clear sky, a light grey all the same. The sand was almost rock hard under him, and his body ached where he could feel. He couldn't recall what exactly had happened, only that something had happened, and that he was somehow alive-- whoever he may be. A sea bird circled overhead, squawking and bringing him further back into his body. He tried sitting up, groaning in pain before falling back into the sand. He looked to his side, confirming that his arm was indeed still attached to his body. He wiggled his fingers and moved his elbow-- good, he could still move. He hoped moving would soon return his circulation. He did the same with his other arm, then his legs. After sitting there for what felt like an hour, he tried sitting up again. This time he was able to prop himself up on his elbows. The pain was a bit more dulled now, slightly easier to handle. He sat all the way up, putting a hand to his forehead at the sudden headrush. He pulled away at a sticky feeling and found that his fingertips were lightly coated in blood, and he was suddenly aware of the shallow cut over his right eyebrow. He looked around, finding the beach just as grey as the sky. Chunks of half burnt wood and sail specked the beach. Things started to float back to his mind then, the ship burning, the icy water, the screams of men around him. He looked down at himself, still unsure of who he even was, or the cause of his amnesia for that matter. The cut on his brow wouldn't of caused it-- the cut being too shallow and in the wrong place to render him as clueless as he was, Could it? What remained of his clothes were ripped and slightly burned in places, the coloration of the robes being what must've been white at some point. He must of been important, by the quality of what the robes used to be. Voices down the beach caught his attention, and he turned to see a few figures looting what must've been a chunk of his ship, and from the shape of what one was hunched over, some bodies. The faint memory of men being hungry enough to eat other men fogged his mind, and he remembered the crew of his ship talking of the Grey Islands. That must be where he was then, and if the two of those memories were in any way related he was doomed. His heart rate quickened as a figure pointed towards where he was, the group turning their attention to him. He counted five, and in his weakened state there was no way he would ever be able to put up a fight to even one of them. He tried to stand quickly, stumbling and falling immediately. He scrambled towards the treeline, hoping there would at least be some form of place to hide since running was no option. The pine trees were taller than any he had ever seen, and the woods seemed to be nothing but. He looked in all directions but where he came, trying to decide the best way to go without running into the figures. Twigs crunched to his left, so he took off to the right, being met with even more trees and angry yells from behind him in a language he did not know. He had three options: Run, and face the possibility of death-- face his enemies in hopes they actually wanted to help him (even though that was certain death if not) and lastly, climb a tree. All seemed like terrible ideas, and he didn’t much care how any of them turned out as he crawled into a tree. He didn’t stop until the voices were at the base of the tree, staying still and silent, internally cursing his clothes at being such a stark contrast from the surrounding world. If the Grey Islands truly were where he was located, they did not get their name for nothing. The figures spotted him almost instantly, one climbing up after him and yanking his ankle with force. He kicked back at the man’s face, which was covered in a dull red face paint. The branches slowed his fall to the ground, yet still hurt when he hit them. The tree shook each branch he collided with, and he couldn't breathe by the time he got to the ground. He landed face down, and a boot held him in place before he could get up. The men talked in that language again, gravelly and more grunts than actual syllables. They seemed to be fighting, and a man had been pushed down next to him, a crudely made sword piercing his back before anything else could be said. All of the men wore the red face paint but one, who kept his boot on his back and was what appeared to be the group’s leader. The man looked down on him, an almost curious gaze as he slowly pulled his boot away. The man paid no attention to the crimson pool growing around his ex-comrade. The paintless man barked an order, and the three remaining painted men picked him up, dragging him to a boulder and pinning him there. “No.. please-! Stop this!” His voice was hoarse, and it hurt to speak. He was almost certain the men didn’t understand him, and he was sure if they could they wouldn't of listened anyway. He panted under the men’s gazes, heart thundering out of his chest and a mix of both fear and exhaustion kept him from fighting back. The paintless man looked to one of the three men keeping him pinned, and the painted man pulled down his trousers. With his garment at the ankles of his boots and cock exposed to the cold air he let out a startled cry. The men laughed, and the paintless man smiled at him. He said a few words before uttering one that sounded strange in comparison, almost as if the word was too elegant to be in their vocabulary. Ohmeghil. The painted man grabbed hold of his hips, and he let out another string of pleas and cries. The painted man had pulled down his own trousers in the process, a long half hard cock peeking just over the paintless man’s belt. The paintless man stroked his member to a full erection before stepping forward, growling under his breath and shushing him. One word filled his mind as he cried out desperately for help, one name. His name. Hux. Chapter 2 Notes: If anyone wants to come and talk about kylux with me my tumblr is Generalhuxalicious! Me @ my brain: U need to get your shit together and split up your writing into chapters as you write instead of writing everything and splitting it randomly. my brain @ me: lmao FUCK that. U gotta suffer this way. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) In a disgusting crunch and squishing noise, the paintless man sputtered. An arrow pierced through one side of his skull and out the other, the paintless man falling to the ground. Hux yelped when the painted men let him go, quickly searching for a source of the arrow. The woods were thick, and not one thing could be seen. Another arrow zipped through the trees when a painted man went for his sword, striking the man right in the middle of his chest. The two remaining painted men flew off towards where the arrow came, one getting shot down before they could get behind a tree. The last man disappeared into the trees and Hux was left on his hands and knees next to the bodies of the paintless man and the painted man with the sword through his back. The paintless man’s eyes were wide open and fogged over, Hux spit on him. The brush rustled behind him, and He looked to where a tall man now stood, a painted man being held above his head by the neck. The painted man struggled in the tall man’s grip, gasping for air and speaking what must be pleas to the tall man. The painted man was thrown to the ground, a dagger slitting his throat where he lay. Hux gaped up at the tall man. He was well under dressed for the weather, saying the chill reached Hux through his torn clothes. The tall man wore no shirt, but a cloak of sorts made of what appeared to be bearskin. His trousers were as grey as the land surrounding them, and his boots were almost to his knees. The man’s face was covered from the nose down by a blue knitted scarf, which ends trailed to is exposed torso. The tall man was strong, if his ability to hold another grown man above his head wasn't enough of an example of that. His dark hair was long, and a loose braid reached around one side of his head. A bow was slung around his body, and a sword was at his belt. Hux backed against the boulder when the man stepped forward, heart racing further. The tall man held up his hands in a surrender, speaking softly in another language. This one was different from what the men from the beach spoke, these words more fluent and easier to distinguish. Hux tried to calm his breathing before the man, feeling that the tall man was actually here to help, yet still aware it could be a trick. Not to mention he still had his trousers around his knees. The man slowly pulled the cloak off his shoulders, sliding the bow and quiver away with it. He set them gently on the ground before unclasping his belt, setting the sword and dagger along with the rest of his belongings. The man slid the scarf off his face, revealing a big nose and plump lips. Hux relaxed a bit into the man’s soft words, his voice was deep, and the language sounded almost like music. The tall man’s face was speckled with beauty marks and freckles alike. He was young, young enough to still have a pimple or two on his forehead. He couldn't of been much older than seventeen winters, not much younger than Hux’s self. The tall man bent down, crouching a few feet from Hux in a way one might coax a frightened animal towards them. “I know you probably don’t understand this, but thank you. I don’t know what would've become of me if you hadn’t come along…” Hux looked the tall man in the eyes, relaxing further seeing the gentleness of the man’s dark brown eyes. The man’s head tilted to the side, taking in Hux’s features. “Safe now.” The man said. Hux was surprised by the use of Basic, and amused by the look of embarrassment on the man’s young face when he fumbled over the words, he seemed quite interested in the dirt and grass they stood on. The man quickly grabbed his cloak, handing it to Hux before looking back downwards. “Forgive my Basic… I am very fruit.” The man blushed at the ground, and for some reason Hux’s face and ears were hot too. Hux looked at the coak in his hands, wasting no time in wrapping it around his exposed body. The trousers he had been wearing had ripped further when the men yanked them down. “No no--” The man fumbled again, playing with his massive hands. “Not fruit, bad. I mean bad…” Hux gave a light smile of reassurance, shocked at himself for being able to trust this man so quickly. He wasn't far out of boyhood, could he truly be considered a man yet? It seemed so, saying he shot down three men with expert precision and lifting a grown man came easy. “I think you’re not that bad, you seem to be speaking Basic exceptionally well for someone I expected incapable of doing so.” Hux tried to slow his words, letting the tall man soak them in. Perhaps he’d only understand half of it, but the point would come across. “Thank you.” He said, a bit more confident in his words this time. Hux nodded, attempting to stand up but stumbling again. The tall man caught him before he could fall, and Hux leaned into his helping hand. “Alright?” The tall man asked, Hux nodded, thanking him for his help. “I am Kylo.” The man said once Hux was to his feet. Kylo had a hand placed gently on Hux’s side, keeping him steady. “I am thankful to be meeting you Kylo; I’m Hux.” “Hux…” Kylo tested the name on his tongue, it sounded pleasant on his voice. “Hux, you are hurt.” Kylo lifted a finger to his face, waving it around his brow to signify where the gash over Hux’s brow was. “Yes, yes I know… It’s nothing serious, I will live.” Hux brushed hair back out of his eyes, wetting his dry lips with his tongue. Kylo was staring into his eyes again, that deep brown filled with worry. Kylo hummed, the sound seeming almost disbelieving to Hux’s statement. “You must come.” Kylo let go of Hux for a moment to grab the rest of his belongings from the ground. Quick hands had the belt back on and bow over his shoulder in a flash, and then Hux was being lead through the woods. Hux gave a quick look backward, giving the bodies one last once over before they were out of sight. Kylo didn’t even retrieve his arrows from the bodies, or loot them at all for that matter. Perhaps his mind was too caught up with Hux to even think of doing those things. Hux decided that if it were an intricate trick all along and that Kylo would lead him to his death, he had nothing else to lose. If he ran now Kylo would follow, and even if he did get away he would most likely perish soon after. Kylo was his best bet, wherever he may be taking him. With Kylo’s cloak wrapped tightly around his body he was lead through the woods, weary of his surroundings and the young man navigating him. Kylo did not seem to want to make conversation, other than the brief ‘still okay?’ or something else regarding his physical health. The woods of the Grey Islands all seemed the same, cold and empty other than for them. Of course this couldn't be true, Hux being aware of the painted men’s existence and that surely there were animals in these woods. Kylo had to eat something, and the cloak wrapped around Hux was fur. “We are almost there.” Kylo said once, ducking under a branch and holding it upward for Hux to pass under. “Then you eat.” Hux’s stomach growled at the thought of food, unaware of how starved he was until Kylo mentioned it. “Where exactly are we going?” Hux asked, noting a bird’s song from a tree. It was almost relieving to hear such a thing through the calming silence. “Home.” Kylo stated, a smile playing on his face. He seemed giddy to share his home with Hux, and Hux smiled with him. Perhaps Kylo has been alone all this time, and Hux is the first person he has seen in a long time. Soon they happened upon a cave mouth half covered by foliage, and Hux wouldn’t of seen it if it were not for Kylo stopping and pulling some of the branches away. Kylo held the branches away from the opening and encouraged Hux inside with a wave of his hand. Hux entered without having to duck his head, the mouth wide enough to fit his height. The inside of the cave was much taller though, and Kylo had no issue after ducking into the mouth. The young man pulled the branches back over the entrance, and they started to head into the darkness of the mountain cave. Soon it was hard to see for Hux, yet Kylo bobbed and weaved through the jagged edges of the dark cave with ease. Surly he did this often enough to know the cave like the back of his hand. Hux stayed close, not wanting to get lost through the caves. The cave got wider and wider as they went deeper, and then there was a light. As they got closer the cave opened up into a vast on look, and Hux gasped at the sight. They stood on a bit of a cliff side, the cave mouth pooling into a steep hill. At the end of the hill was a large group of a few hundred tents and small huts, farms and paddocks, people all around in the colorful area. It was as if all the color had seeped into the mountain and made this beautiful place, leaving the surrounding areas grey and dead. Sunlight shined down from the sky through a massive roof of crystal, protecting the sanctuary from the outside world. There was a waterfall on the far east side of the area, falling from another cave in the natural stone walls and into a river flowing through the town. Hux was speechless, taken aback from the sight before him. Kylo stood beside him, patiently waiting for Hux to respond. “I…” Hux started, shaking his head, completely unbelieving. “This is like nothing I have ever seen before…” ‘Come…” Kylo said, gentle as he took Hux’s hand and guided him to a staircase carved into the stone down the the grassy field. Notes: +The men attacking Hux are all killed before they can go any further with their actions +blood/violence Chapter 3 Notes: HAPPY HALLOWEEN TIME TO FURTHER SOME PLOT WITH SOME AWKWARD FLUFF WOOO [and also the first thing close enough to smut I have ever posted... what an achievement] (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The tents that made up the village were fairly large, made of animal skins and propped up with sticks and anchored with stones, all seemed to have been standing for quite some time. These tents were permanent, and though Hux couldn't see inside with the hide over the opening, they seemed comfy. People had gathered along the edge of the path Kylo was leading him down, all men and women that were older in age. The men all seemed to be wearing light tunics or were simply shirtless, and the women in trousers and tunics like the men. The occasional skirt could be seen, but nothing remotely like the extravagant dresses Hux was accustomed to seeing in Arkanis. It seemed that the people of the Grey Islands lived much simpler lives than the nobles back home. The people on the edge of the road were curious of him, Hux noted, but none dared step from the path’s edge. Hux was glad to not be touched, still cautious of the people surrounding him. As Kylo lead him farther into the town the tents became more like huts, ramshackle and not much an upgrade from the tents. The people on the pathway grew younger as a large tent appeared, and Hux even saw a dark-skinned child run past. Kylo stopped and turned to Hux, brushing a twig from his shoulder and giving a quick nod. Kylo opened the flap over the tent’s entrance, and lead him inside. All the people around the hearth in the tent looked up from their activities, the room falling silent as they entered. A small woman stood up from a seat across the room, delicately making her way over to him. She wore an elegant dress-- the first Hux has seen since leaving Arkanis-- and a small crown of thorns sat atop her greying hair. Their leader, Hux supposed, simply by a quick glance and by how the people had moved out of the way for her like waves parting for a ship. The room was eerily quiet other than the crackles from the fire as the woman evaluated Hux with a cold stare. “Ohmeghil.” She said then, and Hux startled at the use of that word again, the one the paintless man had used. Her voice was much gentler than the way the men had said it though, more in awe. She turned to Kylo, speaking in their language. It was calming to hear Kylo speak in his tongue again, Hux trying desperately to make out the song-like words that were most definitely about him. “What is your name?” She asked suddenly, turning her head to look up at him. Her Basic was clear and flawless, as if she has been speaking the language her whole life. “Hux.” He said, and she nodded, a light smile playing on her lips and her eyes gentle. “Hux. Welcome to the Grey Islands, I believe your people call it that?” Hux nodded in confirmation. “My name is Leia. Forgive my son for any trouble he may have caused you on the way here, and for his poor Basic. He has not spoken it in years, I fear; so he’s a bit rusty.” “No need to apologize, my lady. Kylo has saved my life.” Leia’s eyebrows knit together, her head tilting ever so slightly to the side. “Bala-Tik is dead.” Kylo cut in, and Leia looked taken aback for a moment. She eventually nodded, pinching the bridge of her nose. The people in the room broke into hushed mumblings. “Hux must eat.” Kylo said, brushing past Leia and to a pot over the hearth. His mother shook her head “Sit down, please-- I’m sure you must have been through a lot.” Leia beckoned Hux towards a group of pillows, some townspeople moving away as they both sat down. “You must have so many questions.” Leia said, keeping a fair distance from Hux on the pillows. “Ask all you want, and I will answer the best I possibly can.” Hux nodded, pulling Kylo’s cloak further around him. He was glad that the other people in the tent were not staring, yet most still had a few curious glances over their shoulders. “Who are you? As a group, I mean.” Hux asked. Leia looked off, thinking for a moment. “We do not have much a name. We just… are. Other islands have names, but not us. I can’t really tell you why.” Leia answered, Hux nodded. “There are six islands in total, ours being the biggest. The second biggest is home to the Guavians, who will often come into our territories. You had a run in with them- correct? From what I have collected.” “The ones with the face paint?” Hux asked, and Leia nodded. “Yes… We became quite acquainted.” “I am so sorry that those people were your first impression on us…” Leia reached out to touch his arm, and Hux accepted the touch with surprising ease. “I can assure to you that not one person in this entire clan will ever touch you the way those men did.” She could just be lying a part of Hux thought, but another part of him trusted her, and Kylo, and what they were doing for him. He felt like they would help and defend him, and cared for him rather than wanted to hurt him. “I would not lie about such things, Hux. I promise to let no harm ever come to you by the hands of these people.” Leia said, her hand now in his, giving a reassuring squeeze. “Thank you.” he said, voice all too small for his liking. Kylo reappeared then, with a wooden bowl in hand and bread balanced on the edge. He also carried a canteen, and young man trailed behind Kylo’s long strides. The man carried clothes with him, trousers and tunic looking all too comfortable. Kylo crouched down, offering Hux the bowl. Hux took it, breathing in the delightful scent and letting the bowl warm his hands. It had some kind of stew inside, chunks of meat and greens floating in the broth. He drank it straight from the bowl, too hungry to have used utensils even if some were offered. He didn’t even care if it were poisoned or not. The stew tasted too good to be true, piping hot and burning his mouth and insides as he gulped it down. The burn felt good, warming him from the inside out. Before he knew it his bowl was empty, and he pulled the bowl away from his face with a groan. A smile played on the faces of Kylo, Leia, and the young man. “It was very good…” Hux breathed, and Leia had a gentle laugh. Kylo handed him the bread and canteen, sitting down next to them. “Water.” He said, pointing to the canteen in Hux’s hand. He gulped that down too, Kylo picking up the now empty bowl. When the canteen was empty he give another thank you, and nibbled on the bread. “It’s true then?” The young man said then, and Hux was yet again surprised by Basic. “A new Ohmeghil…” “Yes, it is true. I know you are excited, but now is not the time, Poe.” Leia said. Poe swallowed, looking at Hux up and down. He set the clothes next to Hux then, standing back up. “Of course not- just... “ Poe knit his eyebrows together, shaking his head. “It’s just a bit hard to believe. The Gods have fulfilled their promise.” “What--” Hux started, but quieted when Kylo put a gentle hand to his arm. “ Later .” Kylo whispered, and Hux nodded. “Forgive me.” Poe said, holding out his hand. “I’m Poe. I help Leia with a lot of things around the clan.” “I’m Hux.” Hux said, shaking Poe’s hand. “It’s wonderful to meet you, Hux. Well and truly wonderful.” Poe smoothed down his tunic, and ran a hand through his dark curly hair. “We are pitching a new tent for you as we speak, and I can teach you to draw a bath later so you can be clean in your new clothes.” “Oh…” Hux certainly wasn’t expecting that. “I don’t think I can say thank you to you all enough.” “You don’t have to.” Leia said. “You are within our care now, and we are more thankful to be doing that for you than you think.” Ω Α Leia had gone off to oversee something happening on the other side of the sanctuary, and Kylo and Poe were left to lead Hux to his tent. It had gotten dark during the time Hux spent in the main tent, and the crystals above darkened with the night sky, the moon and stars visible. The roads were dimly lit with lanterns and candles hanging from posts, and the roads were fairly clear of townspeople. Fires were lit inside the tents and huts, and voices could be heard from inside. A small coupling of tents came into view, where the path ended. Poe and Kylo stopped walking, Poe giving a quick wave to a tall woman entering one of the tents. She smiled and waved back before ducking into the tent, paying them no more mind then that acknowledgement. Poe pointed to one of the tents, slightly smaller than the others, yet enough to house a person or two. “That one is yours.” Poe said. Hux nodded. Poe pointed to the one next to it, where two voices could be heard inside and a fire was lit. “That one is mine, you are free to give me a holler if you need any help. Finn lives there too, and he will be happy to help you as well but doesn’t speak Basic.” Kylo then pointed to the tent next to Poe’s, the new clothes for Hux slung over his arms. “Mine.” He said. “Same as Poe. You can come by any time.” “And that one there is Phasma and Mitaka.” Poe pointed to the tent that the woman went into, smiling. “They’re good people too but Phas doesn’t speak Basic, and I’m sure Mitaka is more rusty than Kylo.” “I see.” “Yeah so just… Kylo and I are your best bet. I actually have to get back to Finn here, so Kylo can get you settled in?” Poe pointed the question to Kylo, who nodded. “Alright. Cool. Nice to meet you Hux, I hope to see you again in the morning.” “You too.” Hux said, and with that Poe walked off into his tent, his own melodic voice joining the two within his tent. Kylo and Hux headed to the one next to it, Kylo holding the flap open for him. Inside was a small fireplace, a pot over the top for small cooking needs. A chamber pot was pushed into the corner, a fair sized tub next to that. The tub was filled and steaming, ready for Hux to bathe in. In the corner opposite of the tub and chamber pot was the wooden frame of a bed. The frame was absolutely covered in pillows and furs, a mattress only barely visible under it all. A large woven rug was in the center of the room, covering most of the dirt floor. A table was against the wall, and a cabinet was a safe distance from the fireplace. Kylo walked to the bed, re-folding the clothes and setting them neatly on the bed. “All of this… for me?” Hux asked. Somebody had pitched a tent, moved in furniture, drew a bath, and lit a fire all for him. He expected things like that back in Arkanis, but the Grey Islands were an entirely different place. His social stance did not matter here. “Of course.” Kylo sat down on the bed, absentmindedly running his hands through the soft furs. “Do you need anything?” Kylo asked. Hux shook his head. “No. Only some answers but I fear you cannot give them to me.” Kylo hummed, scratching the side of his face. “I can try?” He said eventually, smiling up and where Hux stood. He looked so young, so hopeful. “Perhaps you can.” Hux sat down on the bed next to him. “First something about your language, yes? I’ve heard it a few times now, first by those men and then your mother. What does Ohmeghil mean?” Kylo went red, his over-large ears turning pink and then darkening enough to match his cheeks. He readjusted the scarf around his neck, and fidgeted on the bed. “Silly Betas never teach their children anything.” He said, seeming a bit desperate to leave. “I would be no good at explaining…” “Can you try at least? I keep being referred to it and I don’t want to be in the dark all the time…” He didn’t question what a Beta was, or what that had to do with anything, not wanting to overwhelm Kylo any farther than he already had. Kylo took in a deep breath, then sighed. His face was starting to return to its pale coloration again. “You come from land where nobody is Ohmeghil, or Alphenhil. Only Betas. Ohmeghils and Alphenhils are different from Betas… and…” Kylo trailed off, putting his face in his hands and groaning. “I am no good. Poe is better. As is Leia.” “Am I an Ohmeghil?” Ren stared for a moment, twiddling his fingers together nervously. He went a bit pink again, but not as much as last time. “...yes.” “Okay then. What does that mean, how does that make me any different?” “Your body… it…” Kylo paused again, looking for the words. “Have you ever had a heat before?” “What-- like a dog?” Kylo had to be joking, surely he was joking. “Yes. Like a dog.” “No! I think I would have remembered that happening.” He was joking, definitely joking. There was no way Kylo could be serious. There was no way! Kylo looked all too serious though, mouth in a flat line and eyes fearful at Hux’s panic. “Please… do not be afraid… Poe can explain much better, he is also Ohmeghil…” Kylo said, trying to calm Hux down. “Fine… fine okay…” Hux tried to relax, taking in a lot of information all at once. “You should clean and then sleep.” Kylo said, standing quickly. He did not face Hux, only looking over his shoulder to speak. “Goodnight Hux.” “Goodnight.” Hux said, but he was already alone in the tent, Kylo escaping before he could reply. Ω Α Hux bathed, finding the hot water pleasant. It was a relief to get out of his torn clothes, which were completely ruined and were no good for anything other than kindling. He dried himself on a fur by the tub, hoping that was its purpose in the tent. He didn’t want to make himself look like a fool by using something incorrectly. He changed into the clothes still folded on the bed, liking the feel of them. He had used the chamber pot and thrown a log on the fire, but the question now was what to do after? The tub was filled with cold and dirty water, and he had no idea where to dump his waste. He decided to ask Poe, taking up his request from earlier. He also grabbed Kylo’s cloak from where he left it on the bed when he stripped, intending to return it while he was out. Hux passed through the flap of his tent, looking around. Some of the lanterns along the road had been put out, and it was quiet other than a distant voice or laugh far off. Hux turned to Poe’s tent, stopping when he saw that the fire inside had been put out, and that he could not hear anybody inside. Perhaps Poe had gone to bed, and Hux decided not to bother him. The tent across from them didn’t have a light on either, Phasma and Mitaka also seeming to have hit the hay. Kylo’s tent, on the other hand, still had a light on inside. Hux thought he’d just ask Kylo his questions then, and return the cloak. Hux stepped to the tent, not quite sure what to do. It wasn't like there was a door for him to knock on, and simply walking inside threw away all respect for Kylo’s privacy. “Kylo?” Hux called, quiet enough to not disturb anybody inside the surrounding tents but loud enough to get Kylo’s attention inside. “Kylo are you awake?” Either Kylo was asleep or couldn't hear Hux outside. It wouldn't hurt if he just peeked inside to see if Kylo was awake, would it? If he was Hux could just come back in the morning, or ask Poe. He called Kylo’s name one last time to be sure, and without a response he pulled the flap away and peeked inside. Kylo laid flat on his back, skin flushed and a sheen of sweat over his body. He was completely naked, an arm over his face, the other pumping over his dick in quick strokes. His arm muffled his moans, and when he pulled the arm away from his face Hux went red. Kylo gripped the fur he laid on with his freehand, moaning hopelessly as he came. He pumped his fist through his orgasm, painting his knuckles in cum and smearing it over his dick as he slowed. “Hux…” He breathed, and Hux has never moved so quick in his life, shutting the flap and dropping the cloak where he stood, running back to his tent hurriedly. Notes: +Kylo tries to give Hux a bit of an a/b/o sex talk, but fails miserably +Hux accidentally walks in on Kylo jerking off and watches him cum. The way it turned out made it seem that Hux was watching for far longer than I intended, so just think he was there just long enough to register what he was seeing. He will run away as soon as he realizes, and regrets it. Chapter 4 Notes: It's kinda short and not very good for the time it took for me to update but a lot is happening in my life and I will never have an established update schedule because fuck organization and I don't really care what anybody says about that *sips coffee* Docs was actually being really weird while I was writing this one (Like it was typing in seemingly random spaces no matter what I did and broke up paragraphs a lot???) so I think I ironed out all of the big mistakes but if you find one just leave a comment and I'll get to it asap (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Hux awoke to the feeling of somebody watching him. His eyes snapped open, gasping as Kylo backed away hurriedly. The young man had his hands up in surrender, apologizing. “I did not mean-- you were sleeping and-- I didn’t-- food…” Kylo blurted, talking all too quickly. Hux tried to let himself calm down; Kylo had scared him, and memories of the night before surfaced in his brain. Kylo couldn't of seen him, could he? He had been quick to leave as soon as he registered what was happening, and Kylo never turned his gaze to the tent’s entrance. And yet he moaned Hux’s name. It had to have been a coincidence-- Hux could have simply misheard. It all happened so fast, and Hux had been panicking at the time. His mind was surly playing tricks. “I brought food.” Kylo said once Hux’s breathing had calmed. Sure enough there was a small wooden tray in his nightstand, what appeared to be three pastries and a cup on it. “I did not know what you liked…” Kylo said, addressing the pastries. One looked like a common sweet roll, glaze and all. The other two were the same rolls but instead of glaze, they had a form of fruit paste over them. The three rolls were still steaming on the tray, looked absolutely wonderful, and smelled even better. “Thank you.” The fire had been re-lit, Kylo surly being behind that detail. Hux reached for the tray, carefully pulling it towards himself as to not spill the contents of the cup. The pastries smelled even better up close, which seemed almost impossible. Hux couldn't imagine what where they were baked smelled like. He bit into the glazed one first, the roll flaking away in fluffy layers. It was just as sweet as he imagined, humming as he licked the frosting from his lips. “Its very good.” he said, with his mouth full and regretting it as he sprayed a few crumbs onto the bed. “I’m glad.” Kylo smiled. Hux finished the first roll, taking a sip from the cup. Surprisingly, it was wine. The beverage was not as strong as Hux was used to, and was borderline just juice, but he was happy to not have anything so strong so early in the morning. Or was it the afternoon-? He was not sure how long he had been sleeping. “You were not asleep for too long, but it’s about midday. Nobody wanted to disturb you, you have done a lot through the past day.” And with that comment Hux’s question had been answered. Hux then tried the purple glazed one, humming at the taste of blueberry on his lips. He always preferred the fruit on deserts during meals, and the mixture on this pastry was one of the best he’s ever had. “Maz makes them fresh every day for the village. She takes much pride in her work.” Kylo said, and Hux hummed and took another bite. “She should, these are wonderful. Is everything you all make so great?” Hux joked, Kylo shrugged. “I guess. Finn is not so great at stew though.” Kylo laughed. When his soft laughter died down again he looked to Hux, asking a question. “What is food like, where you are from?” “Nothing like this. “ Hux answered after a short pause. “Meals are served on big silver platters, and servants will cut slices of meat straight from the animal and onto your plate. We drink wine and ale from golden goblets and we eat at large tables covered in dishes. Everything is much different here from there.” Kylo nodded, intrigued. “We usually eat in our tents, though some meet in the village center and enjoy their meals as a group; though that is most common on special occasions.” Kylo fiddled with his cloak, and Hux’s blood ran cold. The cloak. He had dropped the cloak- of course Kylo found it when he exited his tent that morning. Hux tried to force himself to not seem too nervous by this revelation, schooling his features like he was taught at a young age, yet his face still got hot. “Do you live in tents at your land? Or huts?” Kylo asked, he was so curious, leaning forward as he talked. Hux was glad for the distraction. “No- not me at least. I’m sure some people live in tents somewhere or when they are traveling, but I lived in a castle. Other people live in different types of houses though.” “A castle?” Kylo asked. Of course he couldn't of seen one in his life, this village being all he has ever known. “Yes. They are very large walled off buildings made of stone. They are quite extravagant- or the one in Arkanis was. Royalty and highborns live in castles along with servants and slaves, depending on where you live.” “You lived in a castle?” Kylo seemed almost shocked, his eyes glowing. “That’s amazing-- you were highborn?” “I was royalty.” Hux said, his voice soft, for royalty was a title he may never be addressed as again. “I was Prince of my land, son of the King and heir to the throne. I was to be married to a girl from the north, and father had sent me to meet with her and get an idea of the land for myself. My ship sank before we could reach the hold and now I am here.” Royalty of a different land must mean nothing to these people, and yet Kylo seemed so delighted to have this information, and was interested in everything that Hux was saying. “You were a Prince that lived in a castle?” “I did.” “I wish I could see these castles you speak of, and your land of Betas that is often spoken of by the people here. It all seems so beautiful.” Kylo said, and Hux wished he could show him how different their worlds were. “Maybe one day you can. Maybe a ship will come and we will sail to see my land of Betas. Or maybe we can build ships of our own and the whole island can come.” Hux dreamed aloud, knowing full well that no ship dared come near enough to the Grey Islands, not to mention willingly dock and bring islanders aboard. Kylo’s people building their own vessels being even less of a possibilities, the people showing no desire to leave after all these years. “I do not think we have anyone here capable of building a ship grand enough to suit you, Prince Hux.” Kylo said. Hux laughed at the title, but liking how it sounded on Kylo’s voice. “You do not have to call me that, you know.” He said, despite enjoying how the younger man said it. “That is a title that does not apply to me here.” “Of course it does. You are royalty” “Not here, no. You can say it if you want but I do not always need to hear formalities.” Hux picked up the last of the pastries, enjoying that one just as much as the rest and finishing his wine. “What about you? Is there anything overly important that I should know of that might not happen back where I am from?” Hux asked, Kylo thought for a moment, twiddling his fingers in what Hux now recognizes as a nervous tick. “Every moon we come together to worship the Gods as a whole-- and I don’t think you understand traditional courting methods because you lived with Betas.” “I assume you all have different Gods from where I am from.” Hux was never much for any of the vast religions practiced back in the mainland, growing up with a family devout to the Faith forced him into knowing about his religion, but he never found as much pleasure in worship as his mother or father did. Maybe sometime he would go into detail about all eight of the Gods traditionally worshiped in Arkanis and what they meant, but he did not have the patience for it now. “Yes, the Alphenhil, the Ohmeghil, and the Beta. Or as mother has explained the Alpha, Omega, and Beta in Basic. They represent the three secondary genders, and we pray to them for help and forgiveness, and sometimes they answer.” Kylo started to twiddle with his fingers again as he went on, and Hux listened with interest. “The Alpha represents protection, the hunt, and a whole list of other things similar to that. The Beta represents luck and happiness, so on and so forth. The Omega represents family and fertility, love and peace. The clan has been praying to the Omega for a few moons now. A few years ago the most recent generation was presenting their secondary gender, and the majority were Alpha, the rest being Beta and Poe being the only Omega.” Hux nodded along, trying his best to take in everything Kylo was saying. His Basic had improved tremendously since meeting Hux the day before, the language seeming to come back to him easily. “The past few generations had less and less Omegas as they went on, and without Omegas our clan numbers start to dwindle. Fewer children are being born, and with fewer children comes higher chance of them all being Beta males, or Alphas. We are not sure if this is specific to our island or not, but looking at how Bala-Tik reacted to you there is a high chance this is an issue through all of the Grey Islands. With our shortage of Omegas also comes the fact that our crops are not doing as well as they usually do, and if the farms remain in their current state we will most likely start rationing in order to make it through winter.” “So… because I am an Omega, I can help bring fertility to the clan?” Hux asked, his so called ‘secondary gender’ making less and less sense the more he learned about it. “Or so we hope. The Gods answered our prayers, and promised an Omega that will turn everything around. This was five moons ago, and since then we have a new child on the way, and many expected them to be our promised Omega, but now you magically survived your ship sinking in the cold sea and ended up here. The Gods have been quite fond of you, and they made sure to get you here safely. Just as they promised.” Kylo finished. They sat in a comfortable silence then, Hux processing all the words Kylo has spoken and wishing he could have a better understanding of it all. “Mother can explain Alphas Betas and Omegas much better than I. Her and Poe asked me to take you to them after you eat so that they can explain for you.” Kylo said, and Hux stood up from his seat on the bed. “Oh... “ Hux brushed some crumbs off of his tunic. “Sometimes I feel like you can read my mind, you know.” Kylo smiled shyly. “Maybe I can. You may never know.” Hux smiled at the joke, then followed Kylo out of the tent. Notes: I have never really tagged all my warnings in notes before so I don't really know what counts or not and I'm just going and things are pretty tame atm so there's nothing all too bad yet -Kylo enters Hux's private space while Hux is asleep and just kinda chills for an unknown period of time -Hux things a lot about the events of the night before, but Kylo never brings it up or seems to know anything about it. Chapter 5 Notes: Thank you to everyone leaving kudos and the wonderful comments! i really appreciate all of the love and support! Sorry for a short chapter but I didn't want to wait too long to post and if everything was all one chapter it would be hard to understand. (Prepare ur butts for a POV change...)) Tumblr is still Generalhuxalicious for those wanting to scream about kylux to me (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The village was bustling with activity now, everyone occupied with some form of task. Kylo bobbed and weaved through people on the pathways, Hux trying his best to navigate behind him. Some clan members would stop to stare at him, saying quick words in their language and giving a small bow. Everyone had large smiles plastered over their faces, voices filled with delight before they walked back off. “They are thanking you.” Kylo said, a smile on his own face. “They are speaking of how glad they are that you have come, and that you are everything the Gods have promised to us.” “Oh.” Hux wasn’t quite sure what to say. “How do you say thank you?” They stopped walking, and Kylo said the words in their language. Hux recognized the words as some that most the clans people said to him, and Hux repeated them the best he could. Kylo said them again, pronouncing ‘thank you’ slower, and then nodded when Hux repeated it. “There you go. For some of your first words it’s good. They know what you mean.” Then they were walking again, and the tent he met Poe and Leia in came into view. Kylo pulled the flap aside for him, and they stepped inside. The tent was a lot less full than it was the last time Hux was inside. Leia and Poe stood at the opposite end of the entrance, and they were accompanied by three people. They all spoke in hushed voices, and two of the new figures wore hoods. The hooded figures both had walking sticks-- or staffs-- at their sides, one also had a sword at their belt. The new figure without a hood was a man. His skin was as dark as those that lived in the isles down south, and Hux wondered for a moment if he was shipwrecked just as Hux was. “Hux, Kylo, please come forward.” Leia said then, turning to greet them. Poe and the three figures turned too, Poe and the dark skinned man giving a quick wave and smile. The hooded figures reached up, sliding the hoods from their heads. The figure without the sword was a girl, young with her long brown hair braided down her back. The other figure was a bearded man, hair greyed and blue eyes sad. “Hux, this is my brother Luke, and his daughter Rey. They have just returned from outside the sanctuary.” Leia said. Luke gave a gentle nod, looking Hux up and down. Rey gave a wave, a smile on her face. “And this is Finn,” Poe said, gesturing to the dark skinned man. “My husband.” Hux stared for a moment, thinking there must be a miscommunication between their languages. Surely it was easy to get words mixed up or learn misinformation. It was a simple mistake. But then Finn was placing a soft kiss to Poe’s forehead, and Hux was taken aback. Men loving men was strictly forbidden in Arkanis, and the love of the same gender was punishable by death. Hux never forgot the look in his aunt’s eyes as his father sentenced her and her lover. Hux never forgot how cold and uncaring his father was to sentence his own sister to death. Hux never forgot seeing their heads on the spikes along the castle walls as a warning to all others-- And yet the Grey Islands were a different place than Arkanis and all the other cities on the mainland, men loving men was allowed here. Nobody else seemed to be fazed by Finn’s display of affection, so Hux righted himself and pretended not to notice. “Still no sign of them then?” Leia asked, addressing Luke. The man shook his head solemnly. “They will turn up. One way or another. In the meantime we have more important matters…” Leia said, stern. She seemed almost angry at this news. Her expression changed back to being gentle when she looked to Hux, but her fake smile seemed to be hard to muster. “It’s time you properly learn about what you are.” Ω A Hux felt sick to his stomach, having spent hours gaining new information and asking questions. Rey and Luke had long since left, returning to their homes to recuperate after their journey outside. Kylo had also disappeared, leaving as soon as Leia started to explain Alphas and their knots and what their knots do. Poe and Finn remained with Leia, the three of them being living examples of what Leia was explaining. At one point Poe excused himself and returned with refreshments and bread. Hux couldn't bring himself to eat the bread in fear of vomiting, but drank most of the water offered to him. Leia left explaining omegas to Poe, who gave first-hand advice. Poe explained heats and omega’s attraction to alphas in great detail, only turning Hux’s stomach further. “Are you okay?” Poe asked. Hux almost hadn’t heard him. “Hux?” “Mm fine” Hux grumbled, nodding his head. His attempt at reassurance did nothing for Poe. His worry was obvious, but he went on about omega biology anyway. Hux’s head started to hurt later, after Poe finished explaining heats. Maybe he had contracted some sickness that the people of the sanctuary had immunity to, but then again it was a very short period for him to get as ill as he felt now. “Of course, one of the most wonderful things about our biology is the ability to conceive with the help of an Alpha.” Poe said, smiling to himself. “Finn and I are already expecting our second. I’m so excited.” Poe’s hand rested gently on his stomach, which was rounded slightly. Hux had thought nothing of it until now. He didn’t know what to say; the concept was so strange to him. Then the thought of Poe already doing this before, stomach rounded much bigger than it is now. He imagined Poe, lying hopelessly in childbed and crying out like the maiden girls back in Arkanis often did. “Will I-?” Hux started, stopping mid question. He felt too ill and tired to even speak. “No. Nobody here will force you to take a mate or carry children, that’s all for you to decide.” Poe said, he was frowning, concerned. Poe stepped forward to where Hux sat on the pillows. He reached out a hand, gently placing it on Hux’s forehead. The touch reminded Hux of when his mother would check if he was ill. After a few moments Poe pulled his hand away, sighing. “You’re running a fever.” “Am I?” Hux asked, he felt so weak and awful. “That would probably be your omega hormones catching up with you. With all these alphas around it was sure to happen-- I just thought we’d have a bit more time.” Poe said. Hux looked up at him, feeling sweat beginning to form on his brow. His clothes started to feel too tight and his skin was uncomfortably hot. He looked up at Poe with a silent question, his eyes pleading. “It’s just your heat, Hux. Everything will be okay.” Poe helped him stand, Hux’s legs threatening to give out. “You just need to lie down and wait. I can help it go a bit smoother but first we have to get you back to your tent.” A Ω Hux found himself tucked under his blankets in the tent after a cold bath. Poe was at his side, brushing sweat-slick hair off his forehead and replacing it with a wet cloth. Hux found it hard to not groan in appreciation of the feeling. Hux felt like he was dying, his insides on fire and body all too clammy to ever be comfortable. His clothes had long since been pulled away and discarded, Hux no longer feeling any shame in his ill-state to be naked around Poe. “Shh…” Poe hushed, dabbing at Hux’s face with another cloth to wipe away some of the sweat. “I was fourteen when I had my first heat. My poor mother barely had any idea what to do when I presented. She was scared and excited and unsure of what to do. She was a beta, and didn’t really know what to do with a panicked male omega in his first heat. We both went off of trial and error, and I’ve done this enough times to have an understanding of how to make this as smooth as I can for you.” “Mmm nineteen..” Hux breathed, Poe smiled. “I was nineteen when we had our first.” Poe seemed delighted to look back on the memory. “I don’t know what it will be like to be having your first heat so late, but I’m going to try my hardest.” “Thank you.” Hux mumbled. Poe pulled the rag from his forehead, ringing it out in the bucket close to the bedside before replacing it back to his forehead. “I’m happy to help you. It’s so wonderful having another omega around-- and you’re just so pleasant to talk with anyway.” Poe went on, talking softly so that he didn’t disturb Hux too much when he was so weak. “All the alphas were unmated when I first went into heat. Luckily there was only the three of them, and Phasma already had interests in Mitaka. Kylo and Finn though,” Poe laughed to himself. “Kylo and Finn had to stay on opposite ends of the sanctuary-- away from me and away from each other. After my heat passed they apologized, and Finn brought me gifts. Kylo didn’t have much interest in me, he knew I didn’t have interest in him and respected that boundary. If he were to ever marry and mate me then it was to appease Leia. She wanted grandchildren, but Kylo only has me and his cousin to choose from; and now Kylo just stays unmated.” Kylo was an alpha then, which Hux felt he had known since learning of the second sexes. Kylo definitely wasn’t an omega, and didn’t seem like he would be a beta either. Hux wondered where Kylo was then. Was he on the other side of the village like he was when Poe was in a heat? Did he even know what was happening to Hux’s body yet? “Just try and rest a little; this is only the first wave of your heat. You might not be able to get much sleep later on…” Poe said. Hux’s eyes were already heavy, and drifting off again came easy. Notes: -SEX TALK WOO Chapter 6 Notes: Okay so sorry for the late updates life is really kicking me in the gut rn. Thanks for everyone leaving kudos and comments! It makes me really happy to know you guys enjoy this as much as I do. Things get steamy in this chapter, due to Hux going into heat. Buckle your seat belts ladies and gents, because things will really start heating up from here on out (hopefully....) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Hux just started his first heat. Poe’s back at the tent caring for him, but you can’t go over there.” Finn said, taking him off guard. “Oh?” Kylo said, worry forming low in his gut for the omega. He was older than most when they started their mating cycles, would he be okay? What would happen to him-- what if something went wrong or he fell sick in his weakened state? What if somebody smelled him from the outside, alerting other clans of their location, and stealing their all too important omega? What if-- “Kylo?” Finn asked, voice almost stern. “Don’t do anything stupid. Just wait it out, you can see him again after this passes. He’s in good hands, and I’m sure everything will be alright.” Finn’s words were only a small reassurance, and Kylo tried his hardest to stomp down the worry. Hux was with Poe, and Hux would be safe. If anything were to happen, Poe would take care of it. Hux would be fine. Hux was safe. Hux didn’t need any help from him. “Is there anything you want me to grab from your tent? We are already setting up a temporary tent for you to spend the week in by the falls.” Finn asked, he was always so nice, so gentle. Poe was lucky to have somebody like him. “My bow and quiver would be nice. I suppose I can go out to hunt while Poe is spending time with Hux. I can always do some mild searching around while I’m out.” he said, and Finn gave a quick nod before he headed off. He was unaffected by Hux’s state now after being mated with Poe. Kylo occupied himself with the task at hand before Finn had come to give him the news of Hux’s current condition. A new hut was being constructed on the very outskirts of the settlement, up towards the edge of the mountain walls surrounding them and keeping them safe. He gave a quick prayer to both the Alpha and the Omega, asking to give Hux strength to overcome his heat safely and for him to remain in good health. Kylo continued to help the others in building the hut into the night, Finn long since returning his bow and quiver to him. The new hut was large, plenty more like a house rather than the tents and huts throughout the village. Its foundations were stone, walls fresh cut timber and the building reached two stories high. Some talked of the home housing Finn, Poe, Bee, and the rest of their growing family, and Kylo was delighted to help in its construction. A Ω The next day Kylo went to talk to his mother, whom was in her private hut in the early hours of the morning. She was sipping calmly on her drink at her table, alone. “Good morning my son.” she said, smiling up at him. “A bit of a risk to come this close to Hux, you think?” Leia was right on that, for Kylo could smell the scent of Hux and his heat even from what he believed to be a safe distance from Hux’s tent. The air had a faint sweetness to it, sweeter and more delightful than any of Maz’s deserts. “Perhaps, but I wanted to speak with you before I just disappeared again.” “Funny; you never seem to mind telling me any other time you disappear.” She said, a faint bite behind her tone. “Don’t start.” He snapped, and Leia’s hands gently rose up in mock surrender. “I don’t mean to start anything, simply stating the truth. What was it that you wanted to tell me?” Leia asked, and Kylo heard movement from one of the other rooms in the hut. Reaching out he quickly learned that uncle Luke was here too, half asleep in Leia’s bed and listening in on them. “I’m going to be gone for a time. Thought I’d do some hunting and maybe see if I can cover more ground searching then last time. I was obviously cut short a day early when I found Hux “Of course.” Leia said, her voice sad. Whenever the search was brought up she seemed to wilt, smiles always fell and she looked tired. “Search all you want Kylo, though I want you home within the week. I don’t want to lose you too.” Kylo’s heart ached, and with his mouth pressed into a thin line he nodded, making his exit and running away from the hut and Hux’s scent as quickly as he could. A month ago many joined them in searching for his father and uncle Chewie, but as the trail of clues started to become more and more sparse and useless people lost hope. Kylo, Luke, and Rey were the only ones to go out looking for Han anymore, and every time they returned empty handed. Kylo wouldn't stop, not till he found his father alive or dead. He wouldn't give up like most of them had-- and if he did he would have never went searching that last time. He would have never found Hux. A Ω Whenever he was outside Kylo found himself daydreaming, pleasantly alone in the wilds. He had two rabbits slung on his back, precise shots to the head practically killing them the instant his arrows were fired. He was great with his bow, always was. An already near-perfect aim tied with a bit of persuasion with his mind lead the arrows to be wherever he pleased. Wild game was not as abundant as it used to be, and Kylo hoped that would change with Hux’s presence now. He remembered the days back when he would hunt with his father, and they would bring back all sorts of things. They would bring many rabbits and squirrels back to help feed the village, sometimes even a deer was dragged back with them. Today was a good day so far, with the two rabbits. It was double what he would usually find lately, and he hoped for it to be a sign that things were coming back around. It wasn’t much-- but it was a start. He walked calmly through the woods, looking around for anything of use to him or the village. Nobody had found anything to do with his father that was any help to them. Kylo did not have very high hopes to find anything himself, but that didn’t mean he would give up anytime soon. “Always so very stubborn. I don’t know who you get it from more, your mother, or me.” “Please come home.” Kylo said to the empty woods, nobody here to hear him but the birds singing in the trees. Han wouldn’t hear him, of course he wouldn’t. “We miss you. Mother and I, Rey and Luke, Poe and Finn and Bee. We all miss you. I don’t care what I have to do. I will search till the day I die till I find where you went, or who took you. I swear it.” Kylo turned, looking at the woods surrounding him by all angles. “We have another omega. His name is Hux; you’d like him. Hes strong, he will fit in well. He’s what we need-- he’s more hope.” Rambling did nothing to help him or Han, but it was nice to be alone and with his thoughts again. He set back off into the woods after a long silence; carrying on his task of hunting and searching for anything edible or related to his father’s whereabouts. A Ω A day and a half in, and now he was laying in agonizing pain. Poe helped him with mundane tasks, such as using the chamber pot, bathing, and sometimes even eating. His skin was on fire constantly now, his insides boiling. HIs thoughts were clouded with cravings for things he did not know, and Poe almost always kept a cool washcloth on his forehead. Hux was too tired to care anymore about his nudity, or how he seemed to be perpetually hard now. “Our glassblower is making something very special for you right now.” Poe said that morning, helping Hux sit up on his spot in the bed that was now always damp with his sweat. “It will make this so much better and easier on you.” What could a glassblower possibly be making for him to use? The thought of a special glass cup being any help to him was almost comical in his current state. “I had requested for it to be made yesterday, and he was hard at work all night making it perfect for you. It should be finished any time now.” Hux only hummed in response, all sorts of things going through his mind all at once. He closed his eyes then, hating how all of this new stuff is real, and that the islanders weren’t just crazy. He hated the agony his body put him through, and most of all he hated how hard it was to be comfortable in any situation. Later that night, Poe returned to the tent with something wrapped delicately in a cloth. It wasn’t too large, but seemed to be a cylinder type shape. Hux assumed this is what the glassblower had made for him at Poe’s request. Poe also carried a small jar of what appeared to be oil in his freehand. He set the jar on the nightstand and smiled reassuringly at where Hux lie. “I had one of these handy every time I had a heat, and I used it a lot. It’s okay if you don’t, it just relieves a great deal of pressure. At first it may be a little embarrassing, but after using it for awhile you just stop minding.” And then Poe was unwrapping the cloth, and inside was, to Hux’s dismay, a glass penis. It was oddly rounded at the bottom, and wasn’t any thicker than two fingers. Hux was mortified, to say the least. His skin was already too flushed for it to get any redder at what Poe was implying, and for a moment he just wanted it all to end. Poe had come to a glassblower, and specifically requested them to make a glass penis, for Hux. “I told him not to make it too big, because this is your first heat and I assume nothing has been up there before. It’s a decent size though, and should do the trick. We can always request a bigger one to be made later on if you are unsatisfied with this.” Poe gently set the dick next to the oil, careful to make sure it wouldn't fall off and break. “Its solid, so don’t worry about it breaking or anything like that while your using it, and since it’s your first time make sure to use a lot of the oil just to be safe. Nobody’s ever on this side of the village around now, so don’t worry if you make a bit of noise. You don’t have to do it if you don’t want, and make sure to use your fingers first before trying the knot. I’ll be back in a few hours, and good luck.” And with that Poe was gone, exiting the tent and leaving Hux with the glass dick and the jar of oil. Was it really worth it? Should he really try what Poe requested? Apparently it took some on the pressure that was constantly running through his veins away, and at this point Hux was taking what he could get. Shakily, he reached out for the jar, placing it on the bed next to him. Then he reached for the glass, setting that next to the oil and pondering the two objects. He opened the jar, the lid dropping next to him and he brought the jar to his face, giving the oil a sniff. It was pleasant, and when he dipped his index and middle finger into it the oil was slick and smooth between his fingers. It was worth a try at least, wasn’t it? Hux listened for a moment, trying to tell if Poe was still outside or not. Deciding that he was alone, he spread his legs. The position was a bit awkward, and he shuffled onto his hands and knees. He properly slicked his fingers, then reached behind himself. The oil was cool, and when it came into contact with his hole he shivered. He didn’t pull his fingers away, but instead swirled them around his entrance. It felt good, tingling up his spine as he breathed a moan. He sat there for a few minutes, swirling his middle and index fingers over his ass and moaning softly. Despite Poe’s reassurance that he could be as loud as he needed, he tried to keep it down the best he could. The tip of his index finger slipped in with only mild resistance, and he cried out into the pillow. It was so wrong so filthy. This was everything that was banned back at the mainland, touching yourself in these ways, preparing for such acts-- it was everything that got you a death sentence back in Arkanis. It felt to good right now, his finger seated inside him. It made his spine tingle, and his body flush more so. Hux breathed a shudder, craving more of the feeling. He wiggled his finger, only feeling mild discomfort behind his pleasure. He pulled his finger almost all the way out, then pressed it back into the tight ring of muscle. Something that wasn’t the oil leaked from him, and he remembered a bit about omegas that let them naturally lubricate-- just as beta women do. He sat there for a few minutes, sliding his finger in and out of his ass and breathing heavily into the pillow. The bed was disgusting, and he hoped He could clean his sheets sometime. With a bit of reluctance, he pulled his finger from himself, making sure his middle finger was graciously coated in the oil before pressing that to his hole next to his index finger. Two fingers was even better than one, and he found a spot within himself that made his vision blur. He kept seeking it out with his fingers, brushing them over the bundle of nerves and shuddering out a loud moan. He saw stars, crying out as he brushed past again and again, and then he was coming, untouched. He cried out hard, his ass clenching around his fingers and balls filling with more seed. He did not ejaculate, but precum was leaking out of him in a steady flow. He kept pressing down, crying into his arm. The feeling was so wonderful, crawling up his spine and making his skin tingle. Hux was suddenly very excited to try the glass figure next to him. He pulled out, biting his lip at the feeling. His skin was still on fire, but now it was the most delightful feeling and he craved more. He picked up the dick and laughed slightly. The concept was so crazy to him, and holding up a glass replica of genitalia similar to his own was funny. He slicked it with the oil, the glass sliding on his hand with ease. Slowly he reached back, pressing the head to his rim. It slid in with ease after the prep, and filled him quickly enough. It was so much better than his fingers, and he couldn't hold back the noises he made. He slid it in and out, the glass hard to keep a grip on when it was covered so thoroughly in oil. He came, again and again, every burst of white behind his eyes dry below his waist. Once his arms were too shaky to keep a slippery hold on the glass, he thrusted to glass into himself with one hand, grabbing his own cock with the other. Two quick pumps and suddenly all the seed that was building into his balls was spurting out of him. His vision blurred as he came for what felt like an eternity, his hands unable to catch it all as the glass slid out of him and he feared he may pass out. Hux face planted into the pillow, doing nothing but breathing long and hard as it finally stopped. He pulled the blankets over himself, revelling in how his body was pleasantly warm and his insides didn’t feel tight. He closed his eyes, deciding sleep was the best thing to catch up on. Wet spot or not. He would definitely be getting a bigger glass next time. Notes: What exactly do you call a dildo before dildos are properly invented??? Was there such thing in this world i have created????? Who knows. Not me. Chapter 7 Notes: TWO DAYS IN A ROW BITCHES okay this one went a little long with plot, so I cut it and half and maybe it doesn't work too well and it ended up a bit short. But then again, a lot does happen in this chapter and even more would have happened if i kept them together. A grueling five long days of heat, and Hux was finally declared finished and able to leave his tent. When he appeared from his tent the villagers greeted him happily, some giving gifts and bidding him good health after such harrowing experiences. Poe was smiling at him, leading him back to the center tent and translating as they ran into more and more people. Leia greeted him with a hug, Luke shaking his hand and Rey giving a quick wave. He was given new clothes back at the tent, his old ones and his bed fittings being washed. He felt bad for anyone that had to clean that, but Poe told him to not be embarrassed by himself and that heats get better as you experience more. Kylo was in the tent, sitting on the pillows and holding a cloak in one hand that was not unlike his own. He had a needle and thread in the other hand, and smiled when he saw Hux. He pulled the thread through the cloak, big hands delicately holding the needle with care. “I’m almost finished.” Kylo said, smiling bright, it was good to see the hulking man again. Hux had started missing his presence when he was bedridden. “I’m happy to see you well.” “Thank you, I see everyone else is too.” Kylo set his work down in his lap, smiling more. “Heats can sometimes be a bit… hard. We didn’t know how you would do because omegas are much younger than you when they first start.” “I’m quite fine-- or so I believe. I feel fine.” Hux said. Kylo patted his arm, almost beaming. “That’s great.” Kylo sniffed the air, attempting and failing to be discreet and rubbed his nose. Hux didn’t point it out. “I have something to ask of you, if you would like” Hux said, and Kylo listened closely. “Sure.” “Could you teach me how to speak your language? I would really like it if I could understand everyone without someone having to translate-- or ask how to say something so I can respond.” Hux said. Perhaps his request would be too much of a burden on Kylo, taking up way too much of his time and effort. “You can say no--” “I’m more than happy to teach you.” Kylo beamed. “We can start whenever you want.” A Ω It was the full moon, and the village had gathered in the town center to celebrate. Food was dished out to everyone in the form of soup and bread, and everyone gave thanks and prayers to the gods. Hux tried his best to fit in, going along with anything Kylo did and hoped it was the right thing. The food was as wonderful as always, and the people all seemed so happy. They danced around the fire, and listened intently when Luke spoke about the gods. Luke was similar to a priest in their culture, though Kylo explained that his uncle was born with the gift of the gods, with the ability to communicate with them. Rey was a bit like Luke’s apprentice, learning his ways and preparing herself for visions that the gods send to them. The entire subject was interesting to him, but Hux did not question much further than those basics in order for him and Kylo to not miss out on the celebrations. Luke was taking a drag every so often off of a long and intricately carved pipe, and Hux had no clue what he was smoking. When the time came the entire village sat cross-legged on the ground of the large tent. The entire population was squeezed into the tent, a few hundred individuals huddled around to listen to what Luke had to say. Luke stood at the hearth, looking ominously into the flames and leaning on his walking stick. The entire tent was quiet other than the crackle of the fire and the soft breathing of everyone around. Luke slowly blinked his eyes, pulling his attention from the fire and breathing deep. Everyone stared at him, waiting patiently for what he had to say. “Our gods predict a bright future. Plentiful crops and healthy children, peace and harmony. Though with these predictions comes violence, blood and fear... “ Luke spoke slowly, and his eyes seemed so blank. His eyebrows were knit together and he had an expression of dawning terror upon exhaustion. Kylo translated Luke’s words to Hux, and Luke took a shallow drag from the pipe, hand shaking. “I’m sorry… the visions are never clear… I often do not see faces.” Luke’s gaze turned to Finn and Poe though, his eyes sad. Luke looked at them for only a moment, turning his gaze back to the others surrounding him and then the flames. Kylo shook his head. The tent broke out into excited conversation, most people looking past Luke’s morose state and focusing on the positive predictions. “He lies.” Kylo whispered, leaning towards Hux. “He will not give all the details in order to keep peace here. Though he may not see faces sometimes, others he will have vivid visions of people he has never seen, places he’s never been…Or faces and places he knows too well...” “What are you saying?” Hux asked. “Our crops are already showing greater health since you have come. Things are looking up, but all good comes at a price.” Kylo breathed, he was staring at Poe, who was conversing happily with Finn and their daughter from across the fire. “You think something will happen to them?” Hux asked, Kylo shook his head sadly. “I can’t be sure. Perhaps Luke looked that way by coincidence. I didn’t have the vision. Luke is too smart to let his eyes wander in one place for too long, though. He knows that if he does it may rouse suspicion. Best guess is that it was intentional. A warning.” “What do you think will happen to them?” Kylo looked away then, staring Hux in the eyes. “Luke promised healthy children. Poe is with child, and his last labor was not as smooth as first anticipated. I hate to say it, but Poe may not survive his next delivery.” “How can you be sure?” “I can’t. We will have to wait, and pray to our gods that Poe will pull through.” “I hope he does.” “Me too.” A Ω The next month passed without hassle. The crops grew much better than they were before Hux’s arrival, and the hunt was more and more plentiful with each passing day. Kylo would sit Hux in his tent every night, and teach Hux his language. He could understand and communicate simple phrases and sayings, and was getting better every time he practiced. Kylo said he learns quickly, and that was not something Hux was unused to. His mentors back in Arkanis would always comment on his ability to acquire skills easily and with speed. “Where did you learn Basic?” Hux asked one day, after Kylo had finished teaching him different parts of the human face. “My mother.” Kylo said, smiling at what must have been good memories. “I learned when I was still very young. I was fluent in both by the time I was ten.” “That’s incredible.” “My mother learned from someone from the land of betas, just like you. He was old long before she was born, and died long before I was even thought of. His name was Tarkin, and he taught my mother how to speak Basic after gaining the trust of my grandparents. She taught me, then Poe, and others caught up on things after that.” “I see.” “Tarkin was a good man from what I know. He was good friends with my grandfather, and though he may not have gotten along very well with others he was kind to those he liked.” Kylo laughed under his breath, and Hux could only think of his own father sharing similar traits. Hux of course, was not one of those his father took kindly to. “You seem troubled-?” Kylo queried. Hux shook his head. “Nothing, only thinking of those back where I was born.” Back where I was born. That was odd. Hux realized then that he was no longer referring to Arkanis as his home, but instead thought of his tent and this sanctuary instead. Perhaps it was the only home he ever needed. Kylo hummed, tapping his finger on his knee. “We should go out sometime.” “Hm?” Hux looked up, eyebrows knitting together. Kylo looked distressed in his own way. “Outside. I should take you hunting. Or fishing. Or just walk… whatever you prefer. I just think you should know the island outside the sanctuary.” “That sounds wonderful.” Hux smiled. Kylo had gifted him the cloak he had made, and Hux was excited to get a chance to use it outside. “Would you mind going with me tomorrow? I can speak it over with Leia.” Kylo said, though he still looked unsure of himself. “I’d love to. We can do anything you’d like, I don’t mind.” Kylo beamed at his response, eyes lighting up and smiling brighter. “Okay! Okay thanks! I’ll get everything ready and run it by Leia.” Hux smiled, and Kylo stood up, giving his goodbyes before exiting the tent. Kylo came back later that night, excited to say Leia approved of their plan, and that Hux should not worry because Kylo could protect him from anything outside the sanctuary. They ate dinner together that night, enjoying a venison roast that Kylo had prepared over their fire. Kylo hugged him before leaving that night, holding Hux for maybe just a little too long in his warm embrace. He breathed a sigh into Hux’s shoulder, though Hux knew it was just an excuse to breathe in his scent more. Every so often Kylo would sneak a sniff or two, smelling Hux and often standing a little too close then others would. Hux just ignored it, playing things off simply as Kylo’s nature. “Do I smell good?” Hux asked, and Kylo pulled away from their hug like Hux had just stabbed him. His face was red, and he was so flustered he didn’t even speak basic when he apologized quickly. “Don’t find that weird-- I understand that is not common among others back where you’re from--” Kylo stammered. “No, no it’s fine-- Leia explained scents and everything, I just wondered what exactly I smell like.” Kylo went impossibly more red, biting his lip. He was contemplating speaking, and Hux tried to smile at him reassuringly. “Like… Like nothing I can even describe. Too sweet and addictive to explain, and sometimes to even resist.” Hux was blushing then, and Kylo gave a crooked smile. “I should leave. We need to get some sleep. I’ll see you tomorrow?” “Of course.” Hux blushed, and then Kylo left with a quick goodbye. A Ω The next morning Kylo woke him with breakfast, and they ate the sweets quickly with excitement. Kylo brought a small tent with him, food and two bows and quivers. He talked giddily of a trail that lead up the mountain, and that there was an onlooker with the greatest view of everything. He said it would be a long hike, but it would be one Hux could manage, and one very well worth the sight. Kylo said they would be out hiking and hunting for two days at most, and Hux found himself getting more and more excited to go outside the more Kylo talked. When they had finished their meal, Kylo lead him through the town and back up the stairs. Hux hadn’t been in this side of town since arriving, and it felt strange leaving. They navigated the cave and uncovered the opening, stepping out into the vast land of grey surrounding them. Birds chirped in the trees above, and frost tinted the untouched grass in white. There was almost a mystical fog, and the air was crisp with the temperature. Kylo slid a bow and quiver off his shoulder, handing them to Hux and smiling. Neither of them spoke as they started walking. Hux simply enjoying his surroundings and following Kylo. Every so often Kyo would look over his shoulder, smiling at Hux and walking on. The woods had a sense of peace to them, despite the only other experience hux had in them. Being with Kylo made him feel safe, and the sound of birds above and animal tracks below gave him a better sense of life than he had the first time. Walking through the woods this time was plenty more comfortable; he was warm, and fully clothed with a cloak Kylo had made for him. He was armed with a weapon he had some kind of experience with, and he travelled with a man he trusted and knew was capable of taking care of him if things were to go awry. It was nice being outside. The woods and the sanctuary were both vastly different places, the woods being discolored and calm, with no protection from the weather. The sanctuary was colorful, with green grass and wildflowers of all shades, and was never terribly cold because the wind and elements did not affect the inside. Kylo had said it was all magic, a place gifted to them from the gods were they were kept safe and the crops grew without rain. It was fascinating. Kylo would point out the different types of birds on tree branches, and spoke of all the different flora and fauna around the woods. At one point they paused, Kylo pointing out a bush covered in black berries and explained that they were poisonous. Then he pointed to another bush nearby, explaining that the berries on that bush were harmless, and were in fact the kind Maz often topped her pastries with. They picked a few handfuls, snacking on the berries as they kept walking around the foot of the mountain. They walked on, Kylo saying that the trail that lead upwards was close by, and that they would hike the rest of the way on that. There was a noise similar to a twig snapping to their left, and they both froze in their tracks. “Don’t move.” Kylo whispered, and then pulled the bow slowly off his back and knocked an arrow. A hunched shadow-y figure emerged from the woods, and Hux’s breath hitched. There, right in the middle of their path, was a small bear. It couldn’t of been very old, and yawned where it sat. Kylo kept the arrow drawn on it, and did not look to Hux when he spoke. “Get close to me. Very slowly. Try not to spook it.” Kylo whispered, and Hux obliged. They stared at the bear, breathing heavy and silently praying for it to move. After a few beats it let out a small cry, and there was a loud huff from behind them. Hux slowly turned, and there along the tree line was the biggest bear he had ever seen. Sure, Hux hadn’t been up close with many bears in his lifetime, only seeing the furs that his father and others would bring in after a successful hunt. The furs were always enormous, and Hux could only imagine the bears that they came from, but there was no way that those furs came from bears the size of the bear he was eye to eye with now. The mother to this cub was much, much larger than anything he could ever imagine. Kylo had turned around slowly, just as Hux had. He kept the bow trained on the bear, hands starting to shake. “Kylo…?” “Don’t move. Do not move a muscle.” Chapter 8 Notes: Man. As soon as I get over this cold updates will slow down. I'm really going to miss writing so much so quickly... Enjoy more plot progression!! I love hearing feedback in the comments and kudos are appreciated! My blog is still @Generalhuxalicious if you guys want to listen to me scream about kylux and my personal life. (Or you can scream at me about kylux and your personal life. I don't judge and I'm lonely.) The bear growled, and the cub scurried away behind them. Up a tree, Hux guessed. That would be the safest place when mother took care of the danger. The bear pawed at the ground, scratching at the dirt with a thumping noise as it snorted. It was almost like it was taunting them. Hux wanted to knock his own arrow, but followed Kylo’s command and kept still. The three of them stood their ground, caught in a terrifying staring contest with one another. Both Hux and Kylo breathed deep, stuck in fear and praying or the bear to leave. Hux knew that the bear most likely won't just run off, that she might be waiting for them to make the move and leave. The issue was the possibility if they moved, she would charge. Hux knew that they could die, or one or both of them would be terribly injured. He knew they were not expected in the sanctuary until much later, and that help may reach them too late if the worse thing were to happen. Kylo readjusted his arm, pulling the arrow back further. His arms were getting tired, holding his aim on the bear or what felt like an eternity. The bear snarled, giving a huff before turning around. She seemed to start to leave, and Kylo relaxed but the tiniest bit. She took a few steps, starting to walk away. A twig crunched under Kylo’s boot. Suddenly the bear turned around, charging at them at full speed with a roar. Kylo let his arrow loose, striking the bear in the shoulder. They both jumped in separate directions in order to dodge the bear, both of them hitting the dirt hard. The bear went for Kylo, who was frantically trying to scurry away on all fours. The bear clamped down on his ankle, yanking him backwards and sliding Kylo through the dirt. Kylo screamed, bow flying from his grip when he jumped and arrows spewing around him when he was dragged. Hux panicked, watching the bear follow where Kylo landed in a heap. Hux was backed up against a tree, and he picked up the nearest object he could find, forgetting his bow completely and throwing a rock as hard as possible. It made contact with the bear’s head before she could reach Kylo, and she whipped around. She started off towards Hux, and for the briefest moment Hux thought this would be the end. Suddenly there was a deafening snap, the bear’s head twisting almost all the way around before it fell to the ground in a heap of fur and dirt. The bear’s awkwardly turned head touched Hux’s boot, and he kicked it away in fear. Just visible over the mass of fur was Kylo. He lay in the dirt, curled in around himself and with an arm outstretched. He started at Hux, face pale. His nose was broken, and the blood that poured from both nostrils was a stark contrast to his complexion. Kylo’s attention turned up to the trees, eyes squinting in the light. He lifted his hand again, and then there was a cry from above. Then a series of thumps and cracks and branches on a tree shook, and then the cub hit the ground, neck twisted and just as dead as it’s mother. “Mercy.” Kylo breathed, wiping the blood from his nose. All he managed to do was smear it further. “It would not have survived any longer with it’s mother dead than it did now.” Hux was left in a stunned silence, chest heaving. Kylo stumbled to his feet, keeping pressure off the one the bear had grabbed him by. Kylo looked down at his boot, the leather torn beyond repair. Surprisingly enough there was no blood on Kylo other than that from his nose. Kylo put weight on the leg for a moment before hissing and pulling away. He shook his head. “I’m lucky I wore my thick boots today, and that the bear decided to be extra gentle with her jaws…it’s just a few scrapes.” Kylo grinned, trying to joke only to have his expression fall as he saw Hux’s face. Hux assumed his was just as pale as Kylo, disbelieving to anything he just witnessed. “Please… “ Kylo begged, his voice sad, desperate. “Please don’t be afraid of me… so many people are when I show myself… I try to hide-- I only use it in emergencies or when no one will notice--” Kylo almost looked like he’d start crying, and started to mumble in his language when tears welled in his eyes. Hux couldn't understand what he was saying, only catching ‘I’m sorry’ when it was repeated a dozen times or so. “You…” Hux whispered. “You did that?” “Yes.” Kylo said through the tears, and Hux got to his feet, walking around the bear’s corpse and approaching Kylo. Kylo took an uneasy step back, hands forward. “You saved my life. Again.” Hux said, pushing Kylo’s hands aside than bringing in Kylo in for a hug. Kylo didn’t hug back at first, but when he did he held onto Hux tightly, burying his face into Hux’s shoulder and sobbing. “I could have hurt you.” Kylo sobbed, trying and failing to calm himself down with deep breaths. Hux ran his hands up and down Kylo’s back, trying to calm him down. “You didn’t though. You saved me. You saved both of us and you saved that cub from a slow death. You did good. You did so good.” Hux said, holding Kylo through it and whispering reassurances in his ear. He imagined his shoulder would be covered in snot, tears, and blood; but couldn't really find himself to care. Eventually Kylo calmed down, his cries turning into heavy breathing and sniffling after a while. Hux rubbed small circles over Kylo’s back, the cloak soft under his fingers. Kylo seemed reluctant when he pulled away, eyes red and puffy and face absolutely wrecked. “We can go back, go and get your nose reset…” “No, no we can keep going. I don’t mind.” Kylo said. His voice sounded funny after just crying and having a broken nose, and he truly looked miserable. Kylo’s nose was crooked enough that if it was left untreated it would heal at a very odd angle, and it looked like it really hurt. “We can always come back some other time, get you a new pair of boots and get your nose fixed. It’s not too big of a deal and we can always take the hike again. I’m more than happy to do so--” “If we go back now we will keep putting it off, and then it will be winter and the weather will be too bad to leave the sanctuary. We’ll do it now, when we’re here. I want to show you now.” Kylo said, feeling at the bridge of his nose with his index finger and thumb, wiping away blood and sniffling to no end. He put both hands over his nose, taking a few deep breaths before flicking his wrists in the right direction, crying out into his palms. “Are you sure?” Hux asked, watching as Kylo spat some blood into the dirt, the crimson leaving a stringy trail from his lips to the dirt. Kylo’s nose was still not quite right, but it was better than it was. This was not the first time his nose had broken, if it’s previously slightly-offness was anything to go by. A black eye was forming around Kylo’s right eye, and Hux bent down to start picking up some arrows that had been strewn about. With a clutch of them in his hand, he gave it to Kylo, who returned them to his quiver. “I’m sure.” Kylo whispered, and Hux nodded. “Lead on then, you wonderful thing.” Hux said, and Kylo turned around before he could see his face heat up. A Ω It was a close call, back with the bears. Kylo was happy that she had gone for him, rather than attack Hux right away. If she had gone for him first Hux may have ended up with more than a broken nose and a ripped boot. His nose had thankfully stopped bleeding, and he had picked at the blood that had crusted around his mouth as they walked on. Hux was silent for the rest of their walk, and it was hard for Kylo to not look over his shoulder and make sure the omega was still with him. He couldn't stop thinking about what Hux had said, telling him that what he did was a good thing and that he was wonderful. It really stuck. Hux had no clue how powerful Kylo actually was, that killing those bears was nothing to him. Hux had no clue that all this time Kylo was sometimes in his head, reading his thoughts and determining his actions off of what Hux felt. Hux had no idea that Kylo could bend other’s wills with his mind, start fires with the snap of his fingers and kill anyone and anything with a single thought. He had no clue he would use his powers to persuade his arrows into striking exactly where he wanted. Hux had no idea that with emotion this power may falter, or become so unstable it became a danger to those around him. Hux had no idea how scared he always is, how Kylo is constantly frightened of hurting someone by accident. Hux didn’t know, and yet Hux supported him. “Are we almost there?” Hux asked, taking a sip from his canteen. “Yes.” Kylo said, giving a nod. “Just around this bend.” And sure enough the clearing came into view, giving an excellent view just above the pines. Han would take him here all the time years ago, when he was still young. They would camp on this very clearing and bond. This is where Han and Kylo went to get away, where Leia didn’t know where they were, and even Chewie was in the dark on this special place. Kylo felt it was right to take Hux here, and felt Han may agree. You could see the ocean from here, two other islands visible on this half of the island. If Kylo thought hard enough, he could think that the wind brought the faintest smell of the ocean to this clearing. The sun was creeping towards the horizon, and the sky was only now beginning to change color and start the transition to yellow, orange, pink, and purple. Then it will be dark, and the stars were so clear and beautiful, and it will be cold. It will be cold, always cold, yet this spot made Kylo feel warm. “It’s beautiful.” Breathed Hux, after staring and taking everything in. “It’s incredible.” Hux corrected, and Kylo smiled. “My father would take me here a lot. We would camp all the time and I have lots of great memories.” Kylo set his pack down, taking the blankets apart and beginning to set up the small tent. Hux helped him, setting aside their provisions and unrolling the sleeping bags. “I learned how to skin animals here, and how to cook a number of things over the fire…” Kylo said, Hux listening in. “I had my first drink here…” He laughed, remembering Han’s futile warnings that didn’t have much bite behind them. “I also experienced my first hangover here.” Kylo pointed to a bush on the treeline, just far enough away to be out of earshot from where they would set up camp. “I sat behind that bush and got sick and cried for hours in the early morning, my father slept right through it.” Kylo snorted. “How old were you?” Hux laughed along, and he shook his head. “It was my thirteenth name day. I thought I was dying and that it would be all my father’s fault and mother would be furious. ” Hux laughed harder, and it was such a wonderful sound. It was warm, and so sweet. “My father always allowed my siblings and I to drink just a little on special occasions. As we got older we would get more, and we slowly grew a higher tolerance. He said it would make sure by the time we were twenty our minds were clear while others were fogged. Kept us smart.” Hux said, tapping a finger on his temple. “Personally, I was never able to gain much a tolerance at all.” He smiled. They kept conversation of some drunken experiences as Kylo finished building the tent. Kylo learned that Hux was not treated very well back in his homeland, and Hux tried to treat it as if it was nothing. He tried to hide his feelings with a laugh, and talked about how none of it mattered and it was in the past. Kylo knew Hux did not give all the details, and he purposely didn’t peek into his thoughts out of respect. They entered back into the woods after a bit, collecting twigs and other things to use for a fire. Kylo was first reluctant to start a fire as he initially planned, for originally Hux did not know he had powers. “You have to promise not to talk about what you see.” Kylo said, after arranging the twigs and logs into an agreeable formation. He looked Hux in the eyes, making sure he was dead serious. “Of course.” Hux assured, and then Kylo snapped his fingers, and the twigs sparked. The weather made it hard for the sparks to ignite with the twigs and logs still being damp despite being as dry as possible. Eventually a spark took, and Kylo nursed a fire to life. Hux was interested by the display, and asked Kylo how big of fires he could conjure. “Only sparks,” Kylo replied. “And it takes a lot of concentration to get it right sometimes.” Soon the fire was blazing, and would last them the duration of their trip if they tended it properly. The sun was almost completely on the horizon now, and Kylo beckoned Hux to the cliff side. They stood there together, watching in delight as the grey sky was painted in an assortment of beautiful colors. Kylo was glad the sky was as clear as it was, and if there was any more cloud cover Hux wouldn't be able to see the sun set in it’s full glory. They watched all the way till the sky turned purple, then a dark blue, and then the familiar black of the night sky. If they were on the other side of the mountain they could see the moon, but it was not quite time for the bright orb to be seen from their angle. The moonlight could always be seen on the ocean waves, and it was also quite beautiful. Lights flickered on one by one on the other islands, forming a small group that signified the tribes. Kylo hated them, the barbarians on those other islands will one day pay. They will pay for what they’ve done, what they tried to do to Hux, and what they do to others-- Hux gently put a hand along Kylo’s wrist, and then Hux was looking up at him with bright eyes. His hair was gleaming in the fire light, that brilliant orange that was completely unheard of in the sanctuary. Hux leaned forward, pressing his lips to Kylo’s and tilting his head to the side to not disturb Kylo’s sore nose. Kylo kissed back the best he could, but all too early Hux was pulling away, and Kylo made a distressed noise when he had pulled off. “I'm-- I’m sorry…” Hux said, blushing and looking to the ground. Kylo very well could have just been set on fire. His hand flew forwards, taking Hux by the cheek and pressing their lips back together. Hux kissed back, arms encircling Kylo’s chest. Kylo panicked internally for a moment, he never did this before. Was Hux enjoying it? Was it what he wanted? A glance into Hux’s mind and yes, he was very much enjoying it, and he had about as much experience as Kylo did. They mouthed aimlessly at each other, making small noises and searching over one another’s body to find a comfortable place to rest their hands. Hux’s arm’s ended up looped behind Kylo’s neck, and Kylo’s hands were placed firmly on Hux’s hips. When they parted they touched foreheads, flushed and panting as they regained their breath. Sheepish smiles played over their lips, and a breathy laugh escaped Hux’s lips. “You’re so beautiful.” Kylo blurted, and he started to regret it when Hux went silent. “And you’re odd,” Hux said, and Kylo could have thrown himself over the cliff side if it weren't for Hux’s arms around his neck. “And I love it so much.” Hux placed a gentle kiss to Kylo’s cheek, then set his head over his shoulder. “I don’t know what came over me.” “I wanted to do that for so long, but I could never bring myself just just do it.” Kylo said, burying his nose in Hux’s hair with only a small amount of pain. “I don’t regret it.” Hux said, and Kylo held him tighter. He didn’t want to let go, never wanted Hux to let go. He could stay on the cliffside forever, as close to the omega as allowed and happy enough to explode. Maybe the jump in their relationship was a bit fast, but he wouldn't want it any other way. He was here with Hux, and Hux wanted to be there with him just as much. To Kylo’s dismay, Hux pulled away. Then they were hand-in-hand, Hux pulling him back towards the fire. They sat next to each other, snacking on some more berries and dried meat Kylo brought along. They looked up at the stars, enjoying the sight and beauty of them. Sometimes Kylo was jealous of the gods, and how they had all the stars to themselves, but he always felt grateful they were willing to share after the sun set. “There was a girl.” Hux said, after a long pause of looking up at the stars on their backs. Kylo had almost started to think he had fallen asleep. “Back in Arkanis. A sweet young thing, a maiden a year younger than me. She had a head of long silver-blonde and was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. She was endearing in a way I couldn't describe. Her beauty was one thing, but she had a fire in her.” He paused, taking a sip from his canteen. The story Hux was about to tell was obviously troubling him, but Kylo only listened. “Her and her family were apart of the many that took care of the palace, and our relationship was something that could never reach daylight. A maid with the prince was scandalous and frowned upon, if anyone was to hear the heir was in love with the person that cleaned his chamber pot they would throw fits. The prince would be punished, and the maid even more so. I was fourteen, far too young to truly know every danger that came with our relationship. Though I knew all too well that anything that hinted at a relationship would lead to her execution. I was naïve. So much that I thought we were exclusive, and that we were real. I should have known…” Hux played with the cap of the canteen, occupying himself. He looked angry, like he was trying to cool off before finishing. “What happened?” Kylo asked, though he knew. He knew the answer simply by Hux’s words, though Hux looked so sad and angry he wondered how right his answer would actually be. “She had suddenly stopped talking to be. Months passed, two then three, we had dry spells. Ones were we were almost found out then had to cut ties long enough to no longer rouse suspicion. I wondered if that was it, but then it went for too long, and I wondered what had happened. I confronted her one day in private, and she confessed she was with child, and had no idea how to tell me. She said that soon she would be too obvious and that she wouldn't be able to hide the royal family’s fiery red hair if the child took after me. It was all impossible. She was lying, I-- I never… Never anything that could result in conception. I was smart enough to avoid that, no matter how much she asked…” “It’s okay…” Kylo said, holding Hux’s hand. “You were smart. You were smart not to do that, and you were smart to not fall for her lies. Even if you had, your biology prohibits you from being fertile… in that way.” “I told her just as such. She was carrying some other’s bastard. It was impossible for the child to be mine, but she insisted, made me feel that slight yet awful bump. I didn’t know what to do, I ran off, and I hoped she would not spill word of our relationship, and lie of the life inside her being of my blood. Of course she did, and my father heard, and I lied my way out of that too. Some ‘Blood is better than beauty’ and ‘Why bed a maiden whore when I could bed a noble wife’ bullshit. He seemed to fall for it. Duty and honor was more important than love to him. She looked so hurt, and once I may have felt something for that look, but not that day. Not today.” “Sure enough, months later, she birthed a child with hair as black as yours-- the child had tanned skin and hair that matched a southern noble that had visited months ago. He had talked to her during a dinner once, she shook him off-- I should have known. It all added up. She died that day, bled out almost the moment the midwives declared it to be a boy and by no means looked like the prince. I don’t know if she died out of karma or just to spite me. Perhaps both. The midwives drowned the child after my order.” “Mercy.” Hux quoted, tears pricking the edge of his eyes. “A bastard with no parents or next of kin had nothing going for them. It would have died on the streets soon enough, noble father or not. It would of just caused pain for everyone if he was raised in the palace, and father would not want results of such scandals living under his roof. He was pleased to hear of it’s appearance, and of the water in its lungs. He ordered it to be fed to the dogs in the kennel, ‘perfectly good meat, it shouldn't be wasted.’ and so it was. I never told anyone that the maid and I did have something, and that i thought that to be love. I don’t know why I’m telling you either-- perhaps I just need to get it off my chest.” Hux took a deep breath, and Kylo squeezed his hand. “It’s good that you are. I’m not judging you, and I think you’re actions were fine in your circumstance. We live in kill or be killed worlds. Maybe they are different, but in the end it’s all the same. What you did may not have been right . But by no means was it wrong. You coped, you lived, and those that did bad will no longer trouble the world. It was mercy, no matter what you may think. Don’t think of it as anything else.” Kylo reassured, bringing Hux’s hand to his lips and kissing his knuckles. “You have me now. You have everyone in the sanctuary. We care about you, and you can forget having to worry about all that in your past now.” “Okay.” Hux said, his voice weak and wavering. A tear slid down his face, and Kylo wiped it away before it could reach the dirt. “We should sleep. It’s been a long day.” Kylo said, sitting up. Hux sat up slowly, rubbing behind his head and frowning. “We should. I can feel a headache coming on…” They crawled into the tent, hoping the fire and the blankets would keep them warm enough through the entire night. They both curled into their respective sleeping bags, giving breathy goodnights before slipping off into sleep. A Ω Kylo re awoke before the sun, completely unsure of what time it was. The air smelled wonderful, and he wondered if an animal had found the bag of pastries he had packed as a surprise for Hux in the morning. He looked around the tent, finding where said bag lay untouched from where he left it. He sniffed the air again, scanning the tent in the low light in hopes of finding the source. He realized too late what he was smelling when he laid eyes on Hux’s form, who was tossing and turning in his sleeping bag and mumbling incoherently in his sleep. His member realized what was happening before his mind did, and suddenly Kylo was willing himself to ignore what was blatantly before him. Hux was in the beginning stages of his heat, sparking both arousal and fear into Kylo. Not now-- Hux couldn't be in heat now! It was just them, far enough into the woods that they couldn't return if Hux was as bad as he appeared to be. It was only Hux’s second heat-- what if something went wrong? Kylo wouldn't know what to do. What if he did something he didn’t mean to do-- what if he made Hux hate him when he recovered? What would he do? His panicked breathing must have startled Hux into consciousness, for he stopped twisting and turning, and his mumblings became silent. “Mm ‘Lo?” Hux mumbled into the darkness. Kylo freed himself from his sleeping bag, then proceeded to lay himself next to where Hux lie. “Try and go back to sleep, it will be okay.” Kylo said. Protect him. He’d protect Hux. That’s what he’d do, he’d try his best-- give it his all. He will ignore one half of his instinct, and pay mind to the other. In Hux’s most vulnerable moments Kylo will protect him with everything he has. Chapter 9 Notes: Kinda short again but hey I love hearing your comments when I post again and it would hve taken forever to update if I made this longer than usual. i hope you enjoy! Things are really heating up now~~~ Kylo kept his arms wrapped around Hux, careful to not let him feel the tent in his pants. Hux visibly calmed, falling into Kylo’s touch. “Go to sleep, I know it might be hard but you have to try.” Kylo urged. He knew very well it may not be best for him to be as close as he was, but as long as he tried to keep a clear head he could overcome his desires. He had to protect Hux from anything that tried to hurt him, and he couldn’t do that if he simply gave in. “Oh.” Hux breathed, the mix of his heat and sleepiness fogging his mind. “You smell good.” “Is that so.” Kylo tried to keep conversation light, knowing all he would do is keep Hux up. When he was much younger he and Poe had been playing together in one of the fields. Poe had been talking of a stomach ache earlier, but didn’t want to stop having fun. He had gone into heat and had to leave, though Kylo would never forget what it was like. Poe had smelled just as good as Hux, and according to him Kylo smelled extra good too. Kylo was so young back then, it was hard to remember how it had all gone down. Alphas made omegas feel more comfortable while in a heat, and Kylo hoped if he stayed close Hux may not have such heavy symptoms. Eventually Hux’s heavy breathing turned softer, then he drifted off. Kylo watched him for a good hour before sleep eventually overtook him too. It was nearly impossible to fall asleep when riddled with so much worry over the Omega before him, and his tight pants did not help him in the least. Kylo’s dreams were soft, sweet things. He dreamt of spring, When all the snow melted and the woods had just the smallest more tint of color to it. The dream was hazed, as if he was re living a memory with some of the details fogged. It was very obvious that he was dreaming, and Kylo was aware of that fact the second he slipped into it. In the dream he was hand-in-hand with Hux, who’s cheeks were flushed as he laughed. The noise seemed echoed, as if happening far and near at the same time. The sound was still warm though, and flooded Kylo’s insides with butterflies. Hux looped his arms around Kylo’s neck, just as he had when they kissed, and Kylo could hear himself laugh along with the omega. Hux leaned upward, then their lips were together again and this time it was open mouthed. Dream-Kylo seemed to know what he was doing, slipping his tongue inside and tasting Hux. Hux liked it, if the soft moans he was letting out was anything to go by. Then Kylo picked Hux up, and the omega clung to him like his life depended on it. Legs wrapped around his waist as they continued to kiss. Kylo felt all the sensations as if this was actually happening, Hux’s soft lips, the scrape of a bit of facial hair on his face as Hux kissed him. This was unlike their first kiss, this was much later, though with just as much meaning. Hux had been clean shaven when he kissed Kylo earlier. They were mated, in the dream. Kylo could tell from the smell. It was delightful, both of their scents mingling in the best possible way. Hux had a bite where neck met shoulder, bruised and still healing. It looked like it hurt, though Hux didn’t seem to mind. Hux pulled away, breathing heavy and face flushed. “I love you.” He said, holding Kylo’s face in his hands. Kylo kissed his cheek, feeling the scratch of a growing beard again then smiling. Hux wasn’t speaking Basic. “I love you too.” Kylo said, burying his face in what he assumed to be his husband’s shoulder. He wished for the dream to be real, for Hux to one day be his mate and love him as no one ever had. A Ω The dream was sweet and warm, but waking up was hot and pleasurable. Kylo woke to find Hux facing him, clinging to him not unlike he had in the dream. He was still asleep, unconsciously grinding downward and making soft pleasured noises. Hux had worked up a bit of a sweat, and Kylo’s pants were far too tight. “Shit…” breathed Kylo, and Hux moaned, giving a particularly hard grind downward. Kylo hissed, feeling exactly how hard he was, and how the both of them were covered in sweat. “Hux...? Hux you need to stop…” Kylo breathed. Hux ground down again, and Kylo bit his lip to bite back a moan. He grabbed a hold of Hux’s hips before he could grind down again, pulling him off. He made a noise in protest, throwing his arms out in attempt to grasp for Kylo. He had to of been waking up by now. If Hux kept it up Kylo could lose control, and that was the last possible thing he wanted to do. It was the worst case scenario, succumbing into his rut was exactly what he was forcing himself not to do. It may not be the very best idea to challenge his biology like he was, but it was his best shot. He just started something with Hux, he didn’t want to lose it immediately with one wrong step. “Touch me…” Hux whined, and Kylo shook his head. “I can’t.” He said, though it hurt to deny Hux of what he truly needed. “I can’t touch you right now. You’re not in your right mind.” “I want you to.” Mumbled back Hux, who tried to slot his leg between Kylo’s thighs. Kylo pushed him back before he got any further. “I know you do. But I still can’t.” “If you wont, I will.” Hux said, then he was unlacing his tunic, peeling it from his clammy skin. Kylo was short of breath, gasping in air as Hux started to strip before Kylo could do anything about it. “Stop!” Kylo choked out, though at that point Hux had his trousers half of his legs and Kylo was desperately looking in the other direction. Kylo wished he could do that too, for his own clothes were terribly uncomfortable, even without a shirt. If he stripped too, he would be even closer to Hux, which may throw him straight off the edge that he had been teetering on since he woke up. Kylo didn’t look, tearing his eyes away from Hux’s pale sweat-slick chest the second he laid eyes on it. He stared at anything that wasn’t Hux, sometimes laying eyes on his hair but forcing himself to look back away. It was almost surprising how much his self control was holding in, and he prayed it would stay that way. Hux had taken himself in hand and was furiously jerking himself off if the noises were anything to go by. It was a sound Kylo was too well acquainted with, a good five or six years of his life spent exploring that part of his body. Hux was making those soft noises again, crying out quietly as his arm pistoned in an almost aggressive manner. Kylo knew that wasn’t what his body was really calling for, but if it helped it helped. Kylo would just let him do that, keeping his attention elsewhere while Hux tried to take care of himself. If he looked he was sure to give in, and he was already so close. Hux bucked, crying out and coming over his fist. Kylo gasped, Hux brushing along his pants as he rode out his orgasm. Kylo moaned, spilling himself into his trousers. A hand flew up over his mouth, and he and Hux panted through it. “Did you just..?” Hux started, but Kylo was already standing, running out of the tent and into the woods. He ran, uncomfortable in the sudden cold and the wetness in his pants, his softening prick gave a last twitch of effort as he fled, shuddering as he ran. The sweat over his skin did not help any, making him impossibly cold as trees zipped past. He jumped over logs, ducked under branches and didn’t care when he miscalculated. Sometimes something would graze him, leaving cuts on his flesh. He couldn't help it-- it all just happened so fast. He couldn't help it but he still felt awful. Was Hux angry? Kylo was afraid that he was; there was no possible way that Kylo could be a respectable alpha when he spent himself in his own trousers with nothing more than a brush. Kylo felt ridiculous-- how did he manage to do that--? He stopped, resting an arm across a tree and breathing deep. Why did he run? If Hux is mad then running away made it worse. He’s scared, yes-- but running was most likely the worst thing he could have done in his situation. Hux was vulnerable right now-- what if something happened in the few minutes he was gone? Kylo sprinted backward, heading back to camp. It was stupid of him, running away like that just because he was embarrassed. He was so stupid. The clearing came into view, and Kylo was stopped in his tracks. As if by chance, man was approaching from the other side of the camp, eying the tent. Kylo was right to sense a need to return. He reeked of alpha, the red face paint was a dead give away of where he came from. Kylo sprinted into the clearing. The man growled at the sight of him, drawing a jagged sword and charging. Kylo growled back, completely unarmed. He reached into the guavian’s mind, predicting his moves before they happened. He ducked, the jagged sword swinging over his head. He knocked the other alpha off his feet, who was yelling off gruff syllables in his language. Kylo pounced on the man, pinning him to the ground by sitting on his chest. He pressed his hands over the man’s throat-- fueled purely by fear and anger as he squeezed. The man bucked and flailed under him, reaching out to get a grasp on where his sword had fallen. Kylo made a grab to stop him, and the man bucked free. The challenging alpha gained the upper hand, landing a punch over Kylo’s cheek and disturbing his already injured nose. Standing before each other Kylo saw that the man was taller than him, which was a big feat. The alpha spat into the dirt calling out what Kylo could only think was insults. Kylo squared up, wiping blood from his nose and preparing to throw punches. They would do this fair and square. The man seemed to have forgotten his sword anyway, raising his own fists in challenge. “He’s mine.” Spat Kylo, though the guavian did not understand him. The challenger smiled, revealing dark and crooked teeth. He let out another series of words, ohmeghil standing out in his speech. Guavians did not have a word for omegas, simply catching onto what those in the sanctuary said and keeping it. ‘I don’t think so.” Hissed Kylo, then he punched, fist making contact with the man’s nose. He felt it crunch under his knuckles, smiling. He punched again twice, sending the man backwards in attempt to shield his face. Kylo used that to his advantage, raising his knee to catch the man in the gut. The alpha swung at him more, only landing a few punches. Kylo swung again, hitting the man in the ear and sending him to the dirt. When he went to kick at where the man laid in the dirt, the alpha jumped up; he had a large rock in hand, trying to hit Kylo’s head with it. He grazed Kylo over the top of his head, and he momentarily saw stars. Kylo was very angry now, prying the rock from the man’s hands and returning the favor. He ended up back on the man’s chest, holding the rock high above his head before slamming it back onto the man’s face. The challenger screamed as his already-broken nose was crushed under the rock, then Kylo did it again, and again, and again-- and still the man screamed. The man screamed even as blood made a terrible red puddle around his head and his skull was crushed, what Kylo could only assume was his brain was visible, and the man screamed. Kylo dropped the rock, the heavy thing making a small splash in the blood pool. He realized too late the screaming was coming from him, and that his face was wet with tears. His hands and arms were soaked in blood, and he could only imagine the amount that had splashed up and onto the rest of him. He stood up onto shaky legs, wobbling back towards the treeline. He leaned over the bush from years before, heaving nothing into the dirt. He hadn’t eaten anything, but if he had it would have spilled out of him with the acid he spat. He wiped his mouth after deciding he was done, turning back to the tent. Hux was staring at him from where the flap was slightly pulled back. His eyes were blown wide, and he kept glancing between the guavian and Kylo. He pulled back the flap, disappearing back into the tent and out of sight. Kylo followed slowly, taking shaky steps up to the tent. He sat down in the dirt at the mouth of the tent, bringing his knees to his chest and sighing. “Sorry I ran just then. I kind of freaked out.” He said, fully aware Hux could hear him from inside. “Understandable.” Mumbled Hux, and without his power Kylo may not have even heard him. Hux sounded exhausted, and there was a high chance that he had come again in the time Kylo was gone. “I’m so sorry.” “You saved me again.” Hux almost sung, it was quiet, though the tune to his voice was there. Kylo was quiet; for it was true. “I’m always happy to save you.” “It didn’t look like you were.” Hux said, sad. “I hate how you have to keep killing for me when you don’t want to.” “He was a guavian it’s good riddance--” “It doesn’t matter!” cried Hux. “Maybe you think that but I see what it does to you. I see the panic in your eyes and the anger and fear-- you don’t want to! You feel entitled to though, you have to protect others-- but it always tears you up.” He sounded so tired. “Are you feeling better?” Kylo asked, staring at his lap. “Don’t change the subject.” Breathes Hux. “Are you though?” “No…” Hux admitted. “Though after a few times and it feels like you may pass out your mind clears in just the slightest way.” “You sound more like yourself.” “It won't last.” “I know.” “Come inside.” Hux said, and Kylo opened his mouth, questions on the tip of his tongue. “Don’t worry, I’m covered up. Come here.” Kylo didn’t need to be told twice, pulling back the flap and coming inside. The tent was warm, and smelled strongly of heat and unmated omega. Blankets and sleeping bags were rearranged into a giant nest, Hux’s clothes strewn about. Hux lie in the middle of it all, flushed and half-lidded. His head was the only part of him visible, and at the sight of Kylo his arms emerged to reach out. “Come here.” He beckoned, and Kylo hesitated. “I’m bloody.” He said, looking down and gesturing to his clothes. His hands and arms were in no better shape, caked in drying blood from his encounter outside. “Take your clothes off then. I’m sure your pants feel awful and I don’t mind about what’s on your arms.” Hux mumbled, closing his eyes. He looked like he may be attempting to fight off a headache. “You’re not in your right mind--” Kylo started, but Hux’s eyes opened again, staring at him almost like his mother did when he disobeyed an order as a child. “I’m in my right mind right now. I know you feel awful fully dressed. Take it off. I’ll only look if you want me too” He ordered. Kylo obeyed, slipping his cloak from his shoulders and dropping it next to where Hux’s pants were. He almost reluctantly unlaced his trousers, but Hux was more than correct about how uncomfortable they were. He peeled them away, hissing at how tight and sticky they were across his skin. He dropped them next to his cloak. Kylo laid down a safe distance from Hux, using a blanket to cover his modesty. He sighed, and the tent fell into a comfortable silence, the both of them dozing in the haze of the early morning and the events that came with it. Hux stirred next to him, and then stated: “I want to suck you off.” “What?” Kylo sputtered, looking at Hux. He was redder than his hair, mouth forming around silent words and then going shut, tongue poking out to lick his lips. “Your… your cock--” Hux added, voice fearful. “I know what you meant!” Kylo cried. “I… I just-- you’re not yourself. I’m not taking advantage--” “You’re not taking advantage of anything.” Hux stated clearly, face stern. “I proposed it to you. You didn’t force it upon me. You’re really wonderful and I owe you--” “You don’t owe me anything.” Kylo chided. Just last night was their first kiss-- how could Hux ask such a thing so early? Was this normal to be happening to him? He was more than happy to fight for Hux, and would continue to do so for nothing in return other than knowing Hux was safe. “Fine, I don’t owe you, but I’d like to do it. I’ve never tried anything with another man and… and I’d like you to be my first.” Hux said. Kylo thought for a long moment, contemplating his options. Hux did seem more himself than when they first woke up, aware of his actions and in control enough to truly consent. Then again, Kylo could still go over the edge-- he could still end up doing something he regrets. They both might. Kylo leaned over, kissing Hux’s forehead, then his cheek. He pulled the omega closer to him, burying his nose in his hair and breathing in. “Don’t do anything you don’t want to do. And I’m more than happy to stop whenever you say.” Chapter 10 Notes: HOT N STEAMY CUTE BOIZ BEING CUTE They simply laid like that for a time, Hux’s head tucked under Kylo’s chin and holding onto each other tightly. Hux had started taking deeper breaths, wracking through his body to the point that Kylo thought he may be crying. Kylo held him tighter, rubbing over Hux’s exposed skin as he tried to comfort the omega. Soon Hux’s breaths fell into panting, and Kylo knew his heat had to be back into full swing. He had to be careful now, be sure he didn’t fall into rut-- no matter how challenging it may be. “Wanna do it…” Mumbled Hux from Kylo’s chest. Kylo simply wished that Hux would’ve started falling back asleep and they could avoid doing anything potentially too close to the edge. “You don’t have to.” Kylo reassured. Hux was peeling himself away from Kylo’s body, sitting on his knees over Kylo’s thighs. Two separate blankets still protected their lower halves from full exposure, and Kylo was grateful for the small barrier that they were. “I want to.” Hux countered, and he placed his hands over Kylo’s pecs. He immediately started to explore Kylo’s chest, feeling over every surface he could get his hands on. His gaze was transfixed over this part of Kylo’s body, eyes blown wide and his mouth hanging open just the slightest bit that made his tongue just barely visible. Hux’s thoughts radiated interest, and Kylo gave a quiet laugh in response. “So big…” Hux breathed. “The entirety of you is stupidly large.” Kylo blushed at that, and Hux’s hands had begun lingering around his navel. Kylo was indeed the largest person in the sanctuary, Phasma being a close second and Hux now being the third, even with his lithe frame. Kylo’s age even allowed a slim chance of more growth, and Leia was almost always perplexed on how he could possibly be her child. Hux’s fingers played over the edge of the blanket, and Kylo grabbed his wrists. They were so small in his hands, and he held them with care. “You can say no.” Kylo said, hoping that the statement would sink completely in. “You’re the one in power. If you want to stop say so.” “You already said this.” Hux panted. “I get it.” “Okay.” Kylo said, voice soft. He let go of Hux’s wrists, and they retreated to Hux’s sides. He gently slipped the blanket off his hips, and Kylo looked away. Hux leaned forward, taking Kylo’s face in both his hands and urging him to look at him. “If I can look at you, you can look at me.” He breathed, and so Kylo did. Hux was pale everywhere, and what wasn’t pale was shaded pink. He was flushed just about everywhere, skin soft and addictive to touch. His member stood to attention, the head pink and wet with his arousal. He had a lovely shock of golden hair at it’s base, and it was a decent enough size given Hux’s height and his omega biology. “You’re beautiful.” said Kylo, words caught in his throat. Hux was-- he was the most beautiful thing Kylo had ever laid eyes on and he was everything Kylo had ever desired in life. Hux smiled, and if it were not for the blush constantly over his face Kylo was sure it would have grown at his comment. Hux turned his attention back to the blanket, slowly moving his hips in a circle in an attempt to gain some friction. He pulled it away slowly, revealing Kylo’s half hard cock to the cold air. Hux let out a gasp, eyes going wider than before. There was still a bit of spend over where his pants smeared everything around. With a strike of fear Kylo realized that he hadn’t bathed, that he had hiked, fought a bear, experienced a bit of a wet dream, creamed himself, ran off, then killed a man in the time since his last bath. He knew Hux was in a slightly similar state, and hoped he simply wouldn't mind. “Big.” Said Hux, breathless. “Hells you’re big everywhere.” Kylo opened his mouth to comment, but then his words were broken into a moan as Hux placed his hand around the base and gave a long stroke to the tip. Kylo could feel himself slipping away as Hux jerked him slowly. He forced himself to keep ahold of his mind, to not let the fog overtake him and his senses. Kylo held the blankets in a white-knuckled grip, breathing deep as Hux stroked. The omega leaned in, and Kylo’s heart raced-- this was happening, and Hux was more than willing to do so. Hux licked, all the way from the base to the tip, playing at his slit with his wet tongue. Kylo shuddered, making a low noise in his throat as Hux put the head into his mouth, suckling gently. Hux started stroking to the rhythm of his licks, and Kylo found himself panting softly. The omega started trying to take Kylo further into his mouth, hollowing his cheeks and not getting very far before Kylo hissed in pain. Teeth scraped along him every so often, and with his noise of discomfort Hux pulled away-- only resulting in his teeth scraping more. “I’m… I’m sorry-- I’ve only ever had this done on me.” “You’re… learning…” Hissed Kylo. Hux gave a gentle lick around where his teeth dragged in response, and then he was forgiven. Hux tried again, taking Kylo back into his mouth and moaning. Kylo felt himself twitch and let out a bit of precum in response, and Hux licked it away immediately. Hux took him as far as he could go, making a choked noise as his hot mouth tightened around Kylo. Kylo moaned, Hux pulling back off to breathe. “Shit.” Breathed Kylo, and Hux laughed, placing a kiss to his tip. Hux was back on after they each had a time to breathe. Kylo’s hand ran through his hair rather than grip the sheets. He made noises of encouragement through his pleasure, and Hux moaned back. Kylo’s hand found it’s way to the back of Hux’s neck, gently playing in his hair. His hand did not push nor pull, leaving Hux in complete control of what he was doing. Hux’s hand at the base of his dick left, and Hux took him as far as he could. Kylo felt himself hit the back of Hux’s throat, and it was hard to hold back the noises he made at that point. Kylo watched Hux go down on him, smiling at the look of the omega below him. Hux bobbed up and down, mouth making wet noises as a mix of spit and precum. Kylo then realized where Hux’s hand had gone, and Kylo bucked forward at the sight of Hux’s fingers disappearing behind him. Kylo could kill to get that angle, though he still found himself reluctant to tear his eyes from Hux’s lips around him. “Are… are you thinking of me?” Kylo breathed. It was a stupid question, of course Hux was-- but he wanted to hear it. Hux groaned in affirmative, sending shivers up Kylo’s spine as he felt his knot swell. He guided Hux off of him, fearful that he may hurt the omega’s mouth if he let that continue. He sat up, pulling Hux further onto his lap and kissing him. Hux moaned into his mouth, and it didn’t even occur to Kylo where Hux’s mouth had just been. He moaned at the faint taste of himself, licking away into the omegas mouth. They were both panting when they pulled away, Hux’s arm still reaching behind him. He was grinding onto Kylo, free hand wrapping just above where Kylo’s knot grew. “I want this in me.” Said Hux, and Kylo shook his head, pulling him back in for a kiss. “Can’t.” He said between kisses. He reached forward, wrapping his own hand around Hux’s dick and stroking to the pace of Hux’s movements behind him. Hux cried out, apparently unable to decide if he wanted to buck into Kylo’s fist or fall back onto his own fingers. They jerked each other off, sharing kisses and panting into the close quarters of one another’s bodies. “One day,” Started Kylo. “You may be able to have it. But not today. We could be married-- we could do this all day.” whispered the alpha, giving a long languid stroke. He was panting. “Wouldn't that be fun? We could fuck each other senseless all day and nobody would care. They’d be jealous. I get to keep the pretty little omega all to myself, pleasure him-- give him all he wants from me. Anything.” Perhaps that was the fog in his mind, making him say those things. Hux seemed to enjoy it though, crying out as he gave one last buck, spilling himself over Kylo’s knuckles. The alpha wasn’t far behind, falling onto Hux’s shoulder and shuddering through his own orgasm. They stroked each other through it, Kylo keeping his face away from Hux’s neck. When they pulled away they kissed again, laying into the blankets and panting. Kylo peppered Hux in soft kisses, the omega sleepy. “Maybe I could do that to you sometime, suck you off.” Said Kylo, licking over that perfect spot on Hux’s neck. If they were to ever mate and marry, there is where he would bite. It was tempting to hold back even now. “I’d like that.” whispered Hux, and then they dozed off back into the day. A Ω They did just that hours later, Hux cumming hot and hard into his mouth, Kylo swallowing before he could even process anything else to do. Hux had made the most delicious noises, and Kylo drank them all up with every flick of his tongue and soft kiss to his skin. They were slowly learning the act together, and Kylo was almost sad that he couldn't spend himself in Hux’s mouth as Hux did in his. Still he imagined how much it would hurt to have your mouth wrapped around a knot by accident, and the jealousy was lost. Soon Kylo turned to cleaning them up between sessions, dipping a corner of his cloak in a nearby stream and wiping away the evidence of their activities. Whenever Hux was sated and drowsy Kylo would emerge from the tent, only going as far as the stream and to bring back in food and water. He was reluctant to have Hux out of his sight, though it was apart of his job at protecting the omega this way. He would light a fire every night, lest they freeze to death. He would help Hux out of the tent in order to use the bathroom, and when their limited rations would run dry he would pick enough of the winter berries to feed an army, and they ate those as a meal with bits and pieces of jerky Kylo initially brought along. They lived like this for three whole days before Hux’s heat finally started to let up, and they had broken down the tent and collected their belongings, starting to make their trek back to the sanctuary after Hux was deemed well enough for travel. He was still flushed slightly, though was confident he wouldn't need any more help from himself nor Kylo. Re dressing into their dirty clothes was the first issue, the two of them wincing when they put them back on. After spending so long in nothing but cloaks and their bare skins normal clothing was strange, not to mention how odd it felt on them. Kylo had long since dragged the guavian’s corpse away and out of sight, the only remanence of the encounter being the very obvious patch of red on the earth, and the smear it left when it was dragged into the woods. They hiked back down the mountain, holding hands and giving soft kisses on each other’s cheeks. It hurt Kylo to know that in the near future he would be forced to break their ways to Hux, knowing full well they could not be seen in the sanctuary like this. “We can’t tell anyone.” Kylo said, and Hux stopped walking. “What?” “This…” Kylo made an odd gesture in both of their directions, Hux made a face. “We can’t tell them. By tradition we should not have done what we have done, and if anyone knew what we shared in that tent people will get angry.” “You didn’t do anything wrong. They have nothing to be angry about.” “They don’t know that though! They will assume what happened and you might be looked down upon-- I could get punished-- if anyone knew right now then there will be consequence. We can’t be all cuddly now-- later maybe, but not now.” He said. It was angering, yes, and he hated it just as much as Hux. “So did we do all that for nothing? You can’t help me without the both of us getting punished? That’s stupid. Why must they just assume rather than believe what we say?” “There is a trial we have to go through first, before we can be affectionate, as much as I hate it. Tradition, all for looks-- a trial to decide who the omega will mate and marry. All unmated alphas and willing betas go through a series of trials for the omega to decide who is the best at displaying physical strength and ability. It’s to get a sense of who can protect the omega best, sire the healthiest children, all of that.” Kylo finished, waving his hands around as he talked. Hux ‘hmph’d, pouting slightly. “What’s the trial then?” “A sword fight, and it’s not supposed to be to the death, though sometimes it may become heated.” Kylo whispered. “I think I know who is already the best fighter, and can protect me well enough, and sire healthy children.” Hux whispered back, a soft smile on his lips. Kylo blushed at that, despite things. Everything would be okay, and so they walked on. “I won, back when Poe was on the table. I didn’t want him, but I wanted to make my family proud. I was no more than a boy, and Poe was in high demand. Phasma was just as interested in Poe as me, and there were a number of betas that were easy to eliminate. I was fourteen and I won.” Hux thought for a moment, silent at Kylo’s revelation before opening his mouth. “How is Poe married to Finn then, if you won and the marriage is based on who won the trail?” “It’s not.” Answered Kylo. “The trial is only an example, it does not determine who gets the prize. At the end; no matter who the winner is, the omega will choose their mate. My victory meant nothing when Finn and Poe had already been spending a great deal of time together. It was a no brainer on who would reign victorious.” “I see.” Said Hux, a sly smile on his features. A Ω A light snowfall came from the clouds when they were about halfway down the mountain, the two of them catching the perspiration on their tongues. The woods were beautiful like this, the snow starting to stick. “Looks like winter has come.” Said Kylo. “Indeed.” Confirmed Hux, who leaned on Kylo’s shoulder as they walked. With the first snowfall came harsher temperatures, and again was Kylo grateful that he had insisted on still camping with Hux. If they hadn’t, they wouldn't of shared their experiences together, and Gods know what the guavian was doing that far up the mountain. “Oh,” Said Hux, and they stopped in their tracks, Hux pulling away quickly. Finn stood before them, taking his hand off his sword hilt and giving the air a whiff. His face fell, and he looked Kylo dead in the eyes. “What did you do?” “Nothing! I did nothing!” Cried Kylo, hands up in surrender. “There's no way you two were gone for this long with him in heat and you did nothing. ” Hissed Finn. “Do you have any idea how many people have been searching for you two? How worried everyone is?” “You all haven’t been looking very well apparently, the guavian found us better and it wasn’t even like we were hiding!” that was the wrong answer. Finn glared at him, though his shoulders relaxed slightly at Hux’s unharmed neck. Hux seemed puzzled, desperately trying to piece words together. They were talking too fast for Hux to truly interpret what they were saying. “I did nothing harmful in any way. I swear it.” Kylo said slowly, and it clicked in Hux’s mind. “True.” Said Hux slowly, addressing Finn: “Kylo was good.” Kylo knew it wasn’t what he was actually trying to say, but it was in Hux’s vocabulary and it got the point across to Finn. Kylo smiled. “Fine.” Said the alpha. “I can’t believe nor deny anything-- just… just come back with me please. Poe has himself worked into a panic and Leia is surprisingly confident in you two. Looks like she was right to be.” And thus they kept walking, Finn now in the lead. Along the way there was a cry, Rey jumping from the bushes and flinging herself into Kylo’s arms. “Kylo!” She cried, the girl hugging him tightly. She pulled away, a scowl on her features. “I hate you! Never do that again.” Kylo patted her on the back before she jumped off. The girl bounced on the balls of her feet, excited to see them. His cousin was full of spirit from the day she was born, one day she will be successful in her training with Luke. They walked on, entering into the cave within no time. The village was pleased to see Hux, as expected, though not as many pleased smiles were turned Kylo’s way. Poe emerged quickly enough, tailed by Leia. He ushered Hux away after quick conversation, taking the omega elsewhere. Leia had miraculously reached upward, fingers finding purchase after all these years and dragging him back to her hut by the ear. He winced, trying to keep good footing and not allow Leia to yank to hard on his ear. She threw him inside, glaring daggers. It had been years since she's done that-- and never so publicly. He should have expected such a reaction for what he had been accused of doing. “Explain yourself!” She bellowed, Kylo calmly sitting down in one of the chairs at the dining table and breathing a sigh. “Hux went into heat in the night, and we couldn't leave. He took care of himself-- I kept him fed and watered, we did nothing rash.” “I don’t believe you.” Tsked his mother. “There is no possible way you kept your self control so long. And though you may be telling the truth I can read that it’s not all the truth.” “It is.” urged Kylo. “I swear. It surprised me too.” There was a long pause before Leia spoke again, a sadness to her soft voice. “Did you bite him--?” Kylo shook his head slowly. Nothing rash. “Come here.” She whispered, opening her arms. Kylo did, standing up and encircling his mother with his arms. She rubbed his back, sighing heavily. “I missed you.” “Nonsense!” Joked Kylo, smiling into her hair. “You were just happy for a break from me.” “I always miss you.” Leia said, serious. Kylo’s smile fell into a small frown, and he squeezed her slightly. “I know you do.” “Don’t forget it.” “Never.” Notes: +Hux's ship catches fire and sinks, in the process many men drown and burn to death +Cannibalism is mentioned multiple times +Hux has amnesia for a span of the chapter, and cannot recall who he is for a time +A group of people chase Hux then restrain him against his will +These same men attempt to rape Hux Please say something if I had missed anything in the chapter! Its late and i'm just trying to get it done so pointing out mistakes is appreciated