stream of consciousness so we know star wars is a “long long time ago” which is part of why star wars is so interesting (normally sci-fi is futuristic and fancy and clean) but let’s disregard that and say maybe gabriel just lived long enough, maybe he saw a space age with humanity scattered among the stars and earth renamed or maybe just abandoned. maybe he jumped ship and landed in an alternate universe. who’s gonna find him there, when everyone thinks he’s dead and he’s like 90% sure that the winchesters are gonna take care of michael and lucifer? raphael will have their hands full, and probably only another archangel would be able to find him. (don’t think i missed his passing comment to Kali in the ep where he died, about checking out pandora - that’s the planet from Avatar, also fictional, so who’s to say he hasn’t done this kind of thing before?) but also there’s the question of WHEN applied to the SW ‘verse - prequels? original trilogy? episode 7? if he ended up in the prequels - let’s say Tatooine, because I’ve read enough fic that I have an interesting idea of how the slaves there live - well, he wouldn’t stand for that shit, that’s for sure. He’d probably become a power to rival the Hutts, but no one actually knows who he is, so generally everyone is fucking terrified of him- except the slaves. see, Gabriel doesn’t stand for that shit, and he’s had practice at freedom trails. he was in america (probably) during the civil war, you can’t tell me he hasn’t helped slaves escape before this. and they know it. they know he's safety. the Hutts know it, too, but they can't stop him. (and if he lived long enough to see the space age, who knows what happened to old human mythology? maybe all the old gods, all his old friends, are forgotten and long-vanished, but gabriel’s more than a god, he’s still around. maybe he casts off loki and becomes something new that still isn’t Gabriel, or maybe he keeps Loki, maybe he becomes a Storyteller instead of a Messenger and keeps all those old tales alive, and while he’s at it, says hi to all the new gods as well. new planets, new moons, new constellations = new mythologies; but all that’s a whole ‘nother conversation) so maybe shmi finds her way to him, maybe she’s realized she’s pregnant and she’s scared; but would she risk dying with a baby on the way? maybe someone else smuggled her out, maybe Gabriel ran into her in Mos Espa and saw her and realized what was going on and helped her escape himself (I mean let’s be honest, anakin is a jesus metaphor and mary’s an old friend of Gabriel’s, he doesn’t want to see a woman in a situation like this). so anakin is born with Gabriel; if he was never a slave then Qui-Gon never finds him, so what then? (i’ll be completely honest, i’m not sure i’ve ever seen the prequels, and if i did it was long enough ago that i remember basically nothing, so i’m drawing all my information from canon divergent fic) Gabriel probably knows the Force pretty well. he sees what’s going on with anakin. and he’s probably seen the jedi, too, the council and the republic - well, he’s been on an outer rim planet that the republic can’t be assed to care about, so fuck the jedi, he’s taking care of this kid himself. (has Gabriel ever had children? depends on how accurate you think norse mythology is in the SPN universe, but he loves humans and he loves kids - he’d be good at it). i don’t know why qui-gon, padmé, and obi wan were in mos espa in the first place, but maybe there’s another chance meeting, and gabriel winks at the queen in disguise and gets them what they need because he sees what’s going on here, and he thinks it’s hilarious that this ~~jedi master~~ doesn’t and basically everything would end nicely and anakin might never become the chosen one, or he might be too fed up with injustice to leave well enough alone and maybe he runs into padmé, oh I’m sorry senator, didn’t see you there- they probably fall in love at some point, if they do meet, and the public of Naboo is half scandalized at their senator’s choice of partner, and the other half thinks it’s cute and probably philanthropy, but neither of them care (and gabriel winks at her again when anakin introduces her to the family and padmé gapes and anakin’s like wait, you two know each other?) BUT MAYBE NOT. maybe gabriel arrives too late, maybe anakin is already darth vader, maybe the republic has already fallen. where does gabriel show up? if he’s jumping universes, i feel like it would be easy to aim for something familiar. humans, lots of them, all in one place. gabriel lands on coruscant, staggers, looks around, thinks fuck this place , and steals away on a ship going somewhere he doesn’t know the name of he spends a few years adjusting, probably, he doesn’t like what he sees but what can he do, he’s in hiding-! but. there’s a rebellion. he rescues someone from a stormtrooper entirely on accident, he doesn’t know anything except that he doesn’t like the empire and the empire is threatening this dude (indirectly, but still). he’s got power, of course, more than he knows what to do with at the moment, and he flicks the trooper’s gun away with a snap and knocks them out and pulls the guy into his house- and bail organa stares at him, because he’s still alive and alderaan is nice, okay, gabriel likes it, it reminds him of europe and he spent ages there back home. but bail organa is staring at him, and he sees this dude who is so, so much more than he looks, and says, i don’t suppose i can interest you in becoming a rebel? (gabriel is in by the time bail finishes saying ‘rebel’. bail spends fifteen more minutes trying to convince him before gabriel finally breaks from his fake emotionless demeanor and starts laughing, and asks him what this rebellion is) he spends a lot of time at the organa’s, after that, and the baby organa (as he refers to leia, which always makes her upset when she gets older) grows up with him as a semi-permanent fixture and family friend. the organas have two kids, actually, the other is actually a cousin on breha's side who was adopted into the family as well. she and leia both know they're adopted, they get along well, they mess around in big, official rooms while gabriel talks with bail and then gets up midsentence to play with them. breha’s there, too, just as pivotal as her husband, and she likes gabriel for the second part more than for what he can offer the rebellion. and then leia’s older, she’s a part of the rebellion and she’s got plans for something called a ‘death star’, and she doesn’t come home. gabriel finds her in five minutes; five minutes after they get the notice, anyway. leia looks up sharply, and when she sees who it is her face crumples with relief. gabriel takes her home, and then he goes back to the death star. leia was taking care of the plans she’d sent away, she was a smart girl. but this battle station was more gabriel’s league. he doesn’t find the vent that holds the key to destroying the place. here is what he finds: some really, truly interesting gossip from eavesdropping on petty officers the squeaky box robots that clean the floor are incredibly easy to sabotage darth vader’s personal quarters darth vader’s personal line to the emperor moff tarkin’s personal quarters and personal line to the guy who worked directly under the emperor (gabriel discards the second and rubs his hands gleefully at unhindered access to the guy’s bedroom) being gabriel, he immediately makes himself as irritable as possible, without once being seen (and he absolutely prank-calls the emperor a few times, because it’s hilarious. the first time went a little awry though, because geez, that face ) darth vader gets sent back to wherever the emperor is, because the emperor wants answers about how “vader” has been misusing his personal holocom line, and tarkin doesn’t have the energy to deal with a petty vader and all this nonsense and things suddenly going wrong- when the death star tries to fire on alderaan, there are a couple very confusing minutes, and then it explodes, rather abruptly. vader is not on it. the rebellion is not disappointed in the lack of a challenge. they’re at war, it’s such a relief to not have to worry about it they throw a party. gabriel arrives at their base, having gotten directions from leia. she’s waiting for him, out on the tarmac by a round ship that’s definitely seen better days, and she’s accompanied by several other people - a boy, and a scowling man who keeps muttering about having better things to do, and an old man in a robe. gabriel lands in his stolen ship and pops out. "what’d i miss?" leia beams and turns to the boy and the old man. “this is my father’s friend that i told you about,” she says, and then with the air of someone unveiling a surprise present, “he’s a jedi” the boy’s mouth drops open. the old man stares. gabriel abruptly remembers what his cover story had been. this is going to take some explaining. he could say he doesn’t know anything about the jedi because he’s too young, but then who trained him? besides, he’d appeared like magic in leia’s cell - she’s not going to let that go. gabriel resigns himself to a long conversation. maybe he ends up as a weird kind of rankless authority on the rebel base. maybe they call him a general just to pin him down, but he’d refuse - gabriel’s had enough of fighting. but as long as he’s with them, their base is impossible to find, and they somehow have just as many supplies as they need, and their suppliers magically start charging less. no one says it, but everyone knows it’s gabriel, even if they don’t quite understand how . luke trains with obi-wan, he learns - eventually he still gets shipped off to dagobah. maybe he still goes to cloud city, convinced his friends are in trouble, and meets vader there - or maybe he goes there with gabriel in tow, because he’d seen gabriel in the vision and thought wait, that doesn’t make sense, and dropped by the base just to make sure. but hey, if someone wanted luke on bespin, who were they to refuse? gabriel knows who anakin is on sight, not because he was ever anakin’s father-figure or rescued his mother from slavery, but because gabriel looks at the mask and then looks at the force, and it’s just an angrier, more righteous, more pained version of luke. luke makes bad decisions, they get separated, and it culminates the way it was always going to. luke looses his lightsaber, looses his hand, he falls - and gabriel catches him, catches the ‘saber (but he does not catch the hand, because ew) maybe it goes on pretty much the same from there. the empire falls, vader is last-minute redeemed and dies. it’s just much, much easier, because at this point leia is a master of getting gabriel to do what she wants, and what she wants is to win. and if gabriel is there - he sees them grow, he sees leia and han get married (leia is heavily pregnant at the time and luke is smiling more than everyone else combined), he sees luke start his new jedi school he sees snoke, lurking, wherever the hell he is. he’s there when ben is born. is gabriel enough to help ben? gabriel knows a thing or two about darkness, he saw lucifer fall to it up close and personally. he saw vader, he saw the emperor (briefly). ben is only a child. gabriel’s a good babysitter. gabriel sees the hurt on leia’s face when ben expresses a preference for him, blithely, only three years old- he takes a sabbatical. he’s too involved. he’s never been this close to humans, not in a thousand years and more. he drifts among stars, he checks out a couple new planets he hasn’t visited yet - oh, there’s luke’s school, maybe i should go by and check it out, say hi- -oh. oh, no. —and then, maybe not. maybe he stays. han corners him, says i know a thing or two about leaving, so don’t do it, ben loves you, you can’t leave. gabriel stays. is it enough? maybe he only comes in when the stage is being reset for the third time, in the darkness of the wings when the metaphorical stage crew is still shuffling around. he lands awkwardly in jakku’s sands, he’s a shooting star, he almost died and he lies there for days, trying to recover and get the sand out of the stab wound, oh god, lucifer- a tiny, disappointed voice pipes up, you’re not a wreck. gabriel cranes his neck and sees a tiny figure in dirty clothing and makeshift goggles, clutching a staff that’s twice as tall as her and only a little bit thicker than her arms and legs that’s debatable , he says, and hauls himself up out of the wreck. rey’s skinny enough that two of her just about equals one gabriel. where am i, anyway, kid? niima outpost isn’t his style. gabriel can’t get the girl out of his head - especially not after he sees her with unkar plutt. he follows her back, and when rey sees him and jumps up to defend her home, he says hey, i brought food. the portions are as good as a shield. he hadn’t stolen plutt’s stuff - other people needed to eat too - just made more of it and stolen the excess. rey’s eyes go wide. gabriel doesn’t eat any of it. he keeps bringing extra portions, and rey keeps eating them, and after a while stops eyeing gabriel suspiciously while she eats. it takes her two jakku months (just about forty earth days) for her to notice that gabriel doesn’t eat at all . in the eyes of a jakku scavenger, this makes him the world’s best roommate. so rey grows up, and gabriel’s with her, and it’s not really a fatherly arrangement because rey has parents already thankyouverymuch, they’re just - not here. they’ll come back eventually. they have to. she’s still there so they have to come back for her. bb-8, when they are introduced, beeps at gabriel. gabriel beeps back. he’s good at imitations, can make any noise he wants despite the limitations of his vessel’s vocal chords. bb-8 screeches in surprise and decides gabriel is the most interesting human in the world. and then - finn, poe’s jacket, the millenium falcon is in the sky and rey is insisting that they go back, you don’t understand, i have to, my friend is still there, he won’t know what happened to me! except then han solo arrives, and then they’re attacked, and before rey knows it she’s running towards the rebellion and away from a lightsaber and frightening visions, and there’s a figure in black with a red lightsaber- if this was the gabriel who ran, ran from robbing leia organa of her child’s affection - he finds them at maz kanata’s, maz is an old friend of his (the closest one he’s got to his age) but the place is destroyed, rey was there and now she isn’t, and leia organa is staring at him across a pile of rubble. oh, hell. the gabriel who crashed knows nothing of leia organa besides what rey has exictedly related of the galaxy’s legends - skywalkers and jedi and empires falling under the weight of the Good™. he doesn’t find them for ages, he’s been looking for rey on jakku this whole time because why would she leave? but rey calls niima outpost when all is said and done, and hangs up when plutt answers, and rigs the holocom system to beep constantly. did you know, scavengers use a system of taps to communicate, the rare times they work in groups? it’s good for sounding out metal, and in those big hollowed-out star destroyer ships, sounds echo a long way. gabriel passes niima outpost, hears them- that’s rey’s tune. one two-three-four, one two-three one two-three. he calls back. he steals the holocom right out from under plutt’s distracted fingers and calls back, and he and rey both heave sighs of relief when they see each other. where are you? you wouldn’t believe - come meet me, you’ll need a ship - i have something to do, only i can do it- i’d believe a lot , gabriel laughs, he’s so goddamned relieved, she’s alive and rey’s really, properly living now. he knew she had it in her. the first thing rey does is drag him to medbay, to finn’s side. fix him, she says. you did it for me, when i was little, you can fix him. and then - well, rey has to leave, she’s got to find a living legend because she’s got his lightsaber and his droid, but gabriel’s not exactly going to let her out of his sight again. the gabriel who crashed lets rey go up alone; and, well, we know what happens from there. (the gabriel who left, who saw the remains of luke’s school and got the before-and-after of kylo ren and ben solo, stomps up there and says you better explain yourself, you jerk, your friend’s dead and if you don’t get your ass in gear and help save the galaxy again i am going to throw you over my shoulder and carry you down to that ship myself, don’t you dare be like i was- ) (luke can’t exactly say no to that) Chapter 2 : Prequels pt.1 Notes: Originally this was going to be one big chapter, but I realized that would make the chapter WAY too long and hey, this way you get a quicker update! I draw heavily on fialeril's tatooine slave culture headcanons for this chapter; I absolutely love their cultural worldbuilding and mythology, but I do my best to explain it in-story, so it's not necessary to read through all their stuff (though I absolutely think you should). I also have a few songs for this chapter, if you'd like a soundtrack; they can be found on Spotify or YouTube, if you don't have the former! The Hologram/Binary Sunset - John Williams The Railroad - Goodnight, Texas One Thing - Runrig This Prince of Egypt orchestra medley (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Gabriel lands on Tatooine. He doesn’t mean to. Oh, come on. Desert planet on the edge of nowhere, who would choose to go there? The people who live there don’t want to be there. The people aren’t exactly Gabriel’s concern, though, in the middle of the desert. Mostly he’s just trying to heal - that, and prevent sand from getting in various cracks, geez, where the fuck does this desert end? It doesn’t, really, as it turns out. There aren’t any rivers that he can find, which bewilders Gabriel, because the people have to be getting their water from somewhere. He didn’t think there were people, at first, because where the fuck are you going to find people in an enormous desert? There’s sand, and a few scraggly plants, and some things that vaguely resemble cacti. There’s nothing like life. Until- Sandstorms are the worst. Gabriel’s been in Egypt and Canaan and Sumer, he’s seen sandstorms. But he’s using most of his power to heal, now, so he ducks out of the whirl of the wind into a cave and there’s already someone there. The woman gapes at him. Her arms are half-raised, a frail defense - she’s so skinny she couldn’t have pushed him over if Gabriel was a regular human taken by surprise. He wouldn’t have even stumbled. She’s also bleeding, a dirty rag wrapped clumsily around her leg and stained red like the sand and rock under it. She looks sick, and miserable. She flinches, when Gabriel drops to his knees at her side, but she doesn’t have the strength to move. She gasps, when Gabriel runs a light hand over her calf and the wound vanishes, skin heals, muscle knits back together. There’s no dirt in that wound anymore, no chance of infection, no sign it was ever there. The woman speaks, in a language he doesn’t know - there’s an experience - but the words start making sense the longer she speaks, so Gabriel doesn’t interrupt, lets her scoot away when she realizes she has the strength to. “Who are you?” The woman asks hoarsely. “My name is-” Gabriel can’t find the word in her language that would best represent his name. He looks to her thoughts, all those words rattling around. “I am named for Ekkreth. Trickster.” That’s good enough. The woman stares. “Ekkreth?” “It’s close enough to my real name,” Gabriel says honestly. He doesn’t have enough words to lie in this language. Yet. “I didn’t mean to surprise you. I am...lost.” “Did you crash?” The woman asks. Gabriel sees pictures in her thoughts, space-age ships dusty and broken and languishing in ports, taking off with a roar of engines. Well then. “Yes,” Gabriel says. It’s true, even if he means something other than what she thinks he means. “I don’t have anyone to go to.” “How do you speak this language?” The woman is staring at him guardedly, and Gabriel gets flashes of meaning from her - oh, this isn’t a well-known dialect he’s picked up on. “My mother taught me,” Gabriel fibs, and the woman’s face softens. Family seems to be a good excuse. Gabriel wishes, briefly, he had any actual family to ask for help. Wishing’s not going to do him any good now. “What’s your name?” He asks. The storm’s not stopping anytime soon; they may as well get to know each other. “Tanai,” she says. “How did you do that?” “Do what?” She taps her leg. “Ah,” Gabriel says. “Well - I inherited more than the language from my mother.” “You’re very strange,” Tanai says. “You can’t be human.” “No.” Gabriel leaves it at that. He glances back outside. The sandstorm’s still going, sand piling up near the entrance. Something big roars, in the distance. The wind, or maybe the canyon walls, make the noise echo oddly. Tanai shivers. “Krayt dragon,” she says. “What?” Gabriel assumes it’s some kind of wild animal that magically manages to survive in the desert. Tanai eyes him. “Your mother never told you?” “To be honest, I don’t know where I am,” Gabriel says. He’s picking up words as he speaks, archangelic Messenger talent making itself useful after centuries of him refusing to use it. It’s not like there’s anyone here that can catch him at it. “Tatooine,” Tanai says. “In the Outer Rim. Where were you going when you crashed?” “I don’t know,” Gabriel says, and smiles. He has learned to say a lot with a smile, over the years. Tanai does not ask him more. She stares out at the wind and the sand. When the krayt dragon roars again, in the distance, Gabriel catches a flicker of a smile. “The krayt dragon,” he says. “You like them?” “They’re dangerous,” she says, and her hand rubs against her calf absentmindedly. “Nobody will risk getting on the wrong side of a krayt dragon, in the middle of a desert.” “Except you,” Gabriel says. “Except those who have nothing else to lose,” she corrects him. “A master has everything to lose if he walks into the desert.” Gabriel does not need to ask what kind of master she’s talking about. He can see her thoughts, faint impressions of associations; and he’s seen this kind of thing before. He’d been looking for a place to rest, but apparently the universe - whichever one he’s in now - doesn’t seem to think he deserves it. Tanai laughs, as if she’s thought of something funny. “They say the krayt dragon is Ekkreth’s eldest daughter,” she says. “Maybe she won’t eat you, if you go out.” “I’ll pass,” Gabriel says, with a nicer smile than his previous one. “I don’t know much of Ekkreth, just the name.” “Because it is your name?” “It’s - close? It’s a close translation.” “What is your real name, then?” It’s a far heavier question than Tanai realizes she’s asking. “Loki,” Gabriel says. Tanai sounds it out, turning his American accented vowels into something longer and rounder. It sounds a bit like people used to say it, when he was a proper god in the Old World - but that world doesn’t exist here, and he doubts he’s even on Earth any more. Not any Earth he’d recognize, at least. They sit in silence for a little while longer. Tanai mutters his name under her breath again, and her voice catches on one syllable, turning into a dry cough. When she can’t stop, Gabriel produces a bottle of water - okay, so he’s breaking several laws of physics, so what? He does it on a regular basis back home - and closes the space between them in a second. “Hey, hey, breathe. Drink,” Gabriel says, and Tanai drinks first and then thinks second, once she stops coughing. She looks reluctant to let go of the bottle. Gabriel sits back. “Keep it,” he says. “You’ve never been on a desert planet before, have you?” Tanai asks. She does not refuse the offer. “Never had to worry about getting enough of anything,” Gabriel says. It doesn’t count as telling the truth if he knows that he’s giving her the wrong idea, does it? He’d hate to get in the habit. Tanai doesn’t reply. She seems fascinated by the plastic bottle. She keeps pressing down on the sides, making it crinkle loudly. Gabriel wonders if they have plastic, on this planet. He hopes not. It always ends up ruining the environment, unless humans here had figured out a way around that. Biodegradable stuff can’t be that hard to engineer, if they’ve got space flight figured out. “What you did wasn’t possible,” she says eventually. “Sorry?” Gabriel looks up. He’d drifted into thoughts of what this world could be like, with space flight and who-knew-how-many planets accessible if one had money (probably) or a talent for sneakiness and not being noticed when stowing away on a ship. “You healed me,” she says, and lifts the water bottle. “And - this. You did not have it before.” “No,” Gabriel says. “Are you Ekkreth’s child?” Gabriel laughs. “No,” he says. “My mother goes by many names, but Ekkreth is not one of them. I’ve never met them.” He hesitates, for a moment, before he says ‘them’ - is it ‘he’? ‘She’? But he appears to have guessed the right pronoun. Tanai does not correct him. “Then how?” She asks. “I’ve always been able to do strange things,” Gabriel says. “Do you ask how you breathe, or how you think?” Tanai frowns, thoughtfully. “What else can you do?” Gabriel lifts his hand. Grains of sand lift from the floor of the cave, and slowly more join, until there’s a twisting river of them threading through the air with only a twitch of his fingers. “Make it move,” Tanai says, looking fascinated, and Gabriel smiles and acquiesces. They waste about half an hour, Earth time, doing that, and then Gabriel begs off to keep up some semblance of having human energy limits. Tanai lets him, and takes another quick drink of water. Barely half of it’s gone; she’s being very careful about how much she drinks. Gabriel convinces the bottle to never allow itself to be emptied. If Tanai needs water, she’ll have it. The storm slows, but it’s while still before Gabriel can say with confidence that it’s over. “Did your mother ever tell you about these?” Tanai asks, when Gabriel gets up to check outside. “It was never really her priority,” Gabriel replies. The wind has definitely died down, and sand is piled over everything, but on the other hand, he’s not buried under it. Not that that had ever happened. “Surviving it alone is a miracle,” Tanai says. “Two surviving one together means they are bound together more closely than any others could be to them.” Gabriel has a sudden, intense sort of....not flashback, he doesn’t get those, but for a moment he’s in a cave with snow outside, not sand, and Odin is sitting across the fire from him and offering a knife, hilt-first. “When you say close,” he begins, and lets her finish. “Soul-to-soul,” Tanai says. “As if my day couldn’t get any more interesting,” Gabriel says, and then immediately regrets his quick words when Tanai looks hurt. “Don’t - sorry. I just didn’t know. I have had a really, really long day, I need to remember to think before I speak.” He closes the space between them, and offers a hand. “C’mon,” he says. He gives Tanai a little boost of strength to get her onto her feet, because, well - there’s only so much he can do in, what, four hours? (He’s never been great at keeping track of time, alright, and that probably doesn’t matter here where they’ve probably got a completely different way of doing things). Tanai winces as she stands, reflexively; but it lasts for only a second, when her leg puts up no resistance and probably doesn’t so much as twinge. Gabriel doesn’t doubt that her left calf is the healthiest part of her body right now. “I don’t really know where I’m going,” he says. “Neither do I,” Tanai says. “Okay,” Gabriel says, and claps his free hand on her shoulder. “Well - step one, you probably left some family behind, right? I’ve never been a fan of slavery. You want to see what we can do?” Tanai looks startled. “What are you planning on doing? What can you do?” “I could walk you straight up to whoever claimed to own you and he’d never recognize you,” Gabriel brags. “C’mon, it’ll be fun.” Tanai bites her lip. Gabriel doesn’t blame her for hesitating. “We can start small,” he says. “My sister,” she begins. “I’ll take care of it.” Gabriel lied a little bit; the actual step one is finding somewhere to live, somewhere they can outfit with enough tech to make their lives a little more comfortable in the middle of a desert. There are abandoned places, houses built up and cut deeper into the rock than they appear, that are difficult to find unless you know where you’re going. Gabriel doesn’t stop pulling water bottles out of thin air, but he allows himself to be persuaded that a moisture vaporator, whatever the hell that is, is necessary, along with everything else. Tanai knows her planet better, so he lets himself be dragged behind her as she finds necessary materials and shouts down merchants to a reasonable prince and never, ever stops looking over her shoulder. The only thing she ever sees is him. When Tanai looks around and declares things satisfactory, a good reception hall for one more and then who knows how many guests; then Gabriel goes and gets her sister. He has directions to Mos Espa, and not much else. This is the first time he’s gone somewhere without Tanai since he arrived on Tatooine, and as much as he tries to convince himself otherwise he already misses her. It would be handy to have someone else around, who knew the way and could recognize who he’s looking for at once. But he’s picked up a little Basic, enough that he won’t start speaking Amatakka to anyone who won’t know it. Mos Espa is dirty and rusty, which isn’t exactly what Gabriel’s expecting, but all he’s got that even remotely resembles a frame of reference is turn-of-the-century Earth human movies, so it’s not like he was really expecting to stumble onto the bridge of the Starship Enterprise or whatever . He’s wearing his own Tatooinian clothing, too, Tanai having declared that he would never blend in looking like he did, not in those colors and styles. He’s still got his Earth clothing, tucked away in a safe space where he puts everything when he’s not using it. That space is probably pretty crowded now, actually, he’s got upwards of six millenia’s worth of stuff in there; and now it’s time for his Earth stuff to join it, for him to temporarily put that all behind him. The slave quarters are easy to find, because no matter how dirty, rusty, and slapdash Mos Espa is, they no doubt have the worst of it. Gabriel’s seen it all before (and he’s seen the movies, but honestly he’s not touching that because who knows what Lucas got wrong). Finding Tanai’s sister is harder. He can hardly go around asking people if they’re ‘Suna’, after all. But Tanai gave him as detailed a description as she could, so he’ll manage. Suna is ‘tall’ and has ‘dark hair’ and ‘wears an embroidered belt in dark brown and blue’. She will be wearing her hair up, and there will be a carved japor charm hanging from her belt that Tanai gave her. Gabriel should show her the identical one hanging from his own belt, so she knows to trust him. She is sitting outside of her house, working with a small amount of thread - weaving a tiny charm. Gabriel knows it’s her, because the worry clouding her mind is of a different kind than those around her. Less weary, sharper for all that it is new and there is nothing she can do to alleviate it. She looks up when he stops next to her, gaze wary. “Are you Tanai’s sister?” Gabriel asks, in Amatakka, and her eyes go wide. She drags him inside, as much as there is an inside to her tiny ‘house’. By the time she turns around from shutting the door, Gabriel has untied the japor charm from his belt and is holding it out to her. “It’s the same as yours,” he says. “She’s alive, if that’s what you were worried about.” Suna sags against the door. “Who are you?” She asks. “You can’t - what if the Hutts find you and her?” “The Hutts don’t know who I am,” Gabriel laughs. “I’ve barely been on this planet for a month. I stumbled into a sandstorm on my first day, though, and when I found shelter it was already occupied.” He can see the metaphorical light go on over Suna’s head. “Is she alright?” Suna asks, desperately. “Better,” Gabriel replies. “She didn’t dare come back, but I promised I’d find you for her.” “That’s good,” Suna says, sighing. “I had thought-” She doesn’t finish, but Gabriel can guess what she meant to say. “She is safe,” Gabriel says, “and so will you be.” “What?” Suna asks, blankly. “Your transmitter,” Gabriel says. “It’s in your shoulder.” Just about. He could see the electricity of it, the metal pushing muscle out of the way. “ What? ” Suna asks. Gabriel raises his hand, and pulls. The transmitter slides easily into his hand, not a millimeter of skin broken, and Suna clutches her shoulder. “You-” she begins, and Gabriel steadies her, dropping the thing on the floor. Suna inhales sharply as he fixes the damage, the empty space where metal had lingered for so long. “I apologize for not asking first,” he says, and lets Suna shrug his hand away. “I wasn’t sure you’d believe I could do it.” Suna stares at the transmitter on the floor. It sits innocuously, not even bloody. “You cannot be human,” she says faintly. “Funny, that’s exactly what Tanai said to me,” Gabriel says with a grin. “What do you say I take this somewhere very far away, and then I’ll take you to your sister?” “You can do that?” Suna still looks at the transmitter. “But everyone else,” she says. “In time,” Gabriel says. “There’s only so much I can do at once.” He’s definitely planning on coming back, now that he’s seen everything but the Hutts for himself. He snaps his fingers, and the transmitter vanishes, out into the depths of the desert where he’s sure no one will be nearby. He holds out his hand to Suna. “You’re my sister’s brother,” Suna says, as if she still doesn’t quite believe it, finally looking up from the now-empty patch of floor where the transmitter had vanished. “Yep,” Gabriel says. Suna takes his hand like she’s not sure what will happen when she touches him skin-to-skin. Gabriel smiles, and whisks her away. Suna and Tanai together are a force to be reckoned with. Barely one Tatooine day later half their house is rearranged. Another day and she’s made the thing that Gabriel’s pretty sure is an air conditioner of sorts work twice as efficiently. She and Tanai are barely ever in separate rooms, and after a certain point Gabriel excuses himself and lets them have some time without him. The desert stretches out to the horizon, the sun low in the sky. Everything’s cast in shades of orange, the rocks and the sand. Admittedly there’s a lot more sand than he’d like, but hey, he’s been in desert countries before. It’s nothing he can’t get used to. There’s a person blocking his view. Gabriel blinks. “Where’d you come from?” He’s used to people vanishing and appearing instantaneously - he does it enough himself - but he hadn’t expected it here. “The desert,” they say, smiling. “The question is, where did you come from?” “Fair point,” Gabriel says. He does not elaborate. The other laughs when it becomes clear he is not going to answer. “So secretive!” They say. “When we are practically siblings!” “Oh?” “I come from the desert, and those who are mine come from the desert, and you are brother to one of mine.” They grin. “You see?” “Then forgive me for not recognizing you, Ekkreth,” Gabriel says, with unnecessary and dramatic formality, sketching a shallow bow and grinning in return. He’s good at recognizing other gods, but this universe’s possible differences meant he hadn’t been sure. “I haven’t been here for very long.” “Oh, I know,” Ekkreth says, sounding gleeful. “I noticed you come, and I noticed your sister find you. You’ve been very busy.” “Given what I’ve heard of you, I doubt you disapprove.” Gabriel raises his eyebrows in a silent challenge. Ekkreth laughs again. “Give me your name,” they say. “I’m not sure I have any to give,” Gabriel says. Tanai calls him Loki, but he’s not sure if he’s Loki here or not, so he’ll offer Ekkreth a bit of truth. It can hardly hurt. “Hm,” Ekkreth says. “Too many to keep track of. I know that well.” “Not quite,” Gabriel says. “I know what your sister calls you. Give me a different name to call you by, so you’ll know when it’s me.” Gabriel does not question Ekkreth’s implicit promise to show up again. “ Gabriel, ” he says in Enochian, and the sand skitters away from his feet at the hint of the power of his true voice. “For now.” Ekkreth appraises him. “You are very strange,” they pronounce eventually. Gabriel laughs. “Tell me something I don’t know.” “Me,” Ekkreth says, and dances away on the wind in the shape of a bird. It’s a much smoother process than Gabriel’s. Gabriel reflects that he should learn more of the local wildlife, if only to better recognize when he’s being watched. He must lose track of time, because when he jolts out of his thoughts it’s because Tanai is shaking him, and everything’s dark. Tanai is shivering. “Come back inside,” she says, and Gabriel does. There is a brief interval in which, to outside eyes, they do nothing much; then slaves start vanishing from under their ‘master’s’ eyes. Suna didn’t cause much of a stir when Gabriel freed her. Every once in awhile, someone will escape; it’s to be expected. But more and more, in such a short amount of time, attracts attention. The masters - the depuran , in Amatakka - rage. They create tight curfews. They hire guards. They lock down the doors at night so not even the inhabitants of the houses can open them. Gabriel laughs and flies straight past them. People learn fast. The slaves stop being surprised by Gabriel showing up after about the third time. He’s impressed, but also expecting it - when their freedom is at stake, of course news would spread fast. Sometimes he’s refused. Parents send their children and stay behind to tell others what to expect, to tell them where to go. Some find their way out to their safe house on their own, braving the desert and possible explosion and finding where they’re hidden inside canyons. The black flag that Tanai insisted on putting up - only visible if someone’s already close enough to know where they’re going - probably helps a little. Apparently on Tatooine, black means freedom. Gabriel’s first thought is of a pirate flag, honestly, which is sort of similar. Tanai just looks confused when he mentions it to her, and asks for the rest of the story. Gabriel’s stories are popular, especially with the younger kids. Some of them are true, but most of them are made up. Generally, people aren’t as sure how to react to the true ones. He sticks to the made-up ones, except around Tanai. It gets a little crowded, with so many people, until Gabriel conveniently ‘finds’ a network of caves that they can expand into. Most only stay until they can find relatives they’ve been separated from. Plenty strike off on their own, starting farms or other methods of subsistence until Gabriel and Tanai’s little operation has turned into a network and the Hutts curse their names without even knowing who they’re cursing. If there’s one thing Gabriel’s good at, it’s going unnoticed, even when people are looking very hard for him. Even so, usually they go to Mos Eisley for supplies - better not to risk getting caught, even with everything that Gabriel can do. The Hutts are based in Mos Espa, and Mos Eisley is - well, a little more lax, with them not looming over their minion’s shoulders and pressuring them to ‘solve the problem’. However. Sometimes stopping by Mos Espa is just a part of the process. “You’re looking in the wrong place, Gavariel,” says the person leaning up against the shelf Gabriel’s looking at and blocking his way out of the aisle. “That’s not how you pronounce it,” Gabriel says, trying to decide whether the mechanical part he’s looking for is actually in working condition. Is it covered in dust, or sand? “It’s the Amatakka version,” Ekkreth sniffs. Gabriel is pretty sure that Amatakka doesn’t have even a close translation of his name. Ekkreth looks nothing like they did the last time they and Gabriel spoke, but they never do. Even their clothes are different every time. “ Gavri’el is closer,” Gabriel says, and decides the thing is so rusted under the sand even he couldn’t make it work. He’d have to know how it works, first. “I’m going to assume you’re not trying to tell me where to find a better deal?” “Ask your sister,” Ekkreth says. “I would, but she doesn’t like coming here.” Gabriel turns to face Ekkreth. “So? Who am I looking for?” Ekkreth’s come before, to warn Gabriel about danger that specific slaves are facing - slaves guessing wrong about the location of their transmitter and cutting too deeply to find nothing, slaves getting lost in the desert, slaves being betrayed by freedom trail members. It’s resulted in a couple timely interventions. “My mother’s favorite,” Ekkreth says, and Gabriel raises his eyebrows. He’s heard mostly vague references to Ar-Amu, nothing solid. He’s not a slave, and secrets are one thing slaves keep guarded close. But any favorite of hers is important. “You’ll know her when you see her.” “How helpful,” Gabriel says dryly. “I’m serious,” Ekkreth says, and for the first time Gabriel believes them. “A woman, I’m guessing?” Gabriel asks. Ar-Amu is a great mother - she’d be more likely to pick another woman, right? Ekkreth nods. “Their family is named for me,” they say, softly. “Do not take your time.” “When have I ever done that?” Gabriel scoffs. “If that’s the case, I’m surprised you’re asking me to find her instead of doing it yourself.” “Don’t mistake this for giving them up,” Ekkreth says, and there’s a note of warning in their voice, the first hint of anger Gabriel’s ever heard from them. “Not to you, and not to anyone. Depur is guarding the slaves carefully, now, and this calls for boldness, not tricks.” “Alright,” Gabriel says, holding up his hands for a moment. “Peace, Ekkreth. This isn’t the first time I’ve had to tiptoe around someone else’s domain.” Ekkreth nods. Their eyes move to something behind Gabriel. “Are you done yet?” The shopkeeper asks condescendingly in Basic. “I can’t have slaves cluttering the place up. Where’s your-” Gabriel gestures without turning around, and the shopkeeper’s vocal chords freeze. He makes a choking sound, grasping at his neck. “Convenient,” Ekkreth remarks, still in Amatakka. “It’s really all in the fine control,” Gabriel says. “I’ve had lots of practice.” He snaps his fingers, and the shopkeeper goes sliding towards the back of the shop. “Don’t think I’ll be coming back here. ” “Remember,” Ekkreth says, “mother’s favorite.” “I’ll keep a very close eye out,” Gabriel says. Ekkreth gusts out the door on a desert wind. They’re very fond of dramatic exits, Gabriel’s noticed. He leaves the shop - without fixing the shopkeeper - but stays in Mos Espa. If there’s someone here that Ekkreth wants him to find, he’ll find her; there has to be something urgent about her situation. He wanders around the settlement. He’s always been good at blending into the background, but now he takes it a step farther; he slows his pace, lets his sense of his physical self lapse a little bit, and tunes into the desert. The desert is everything, here. Ekkreth is the desert and the slaves and this woman is named for him. Gabriel takes turns without looking where he’s going, the rush of desert wind in his ears, and trusts that he’ll end up in the right place. He walks for a long time. He doesn’t bump into a single person, except for once, and that person stumbles and nearly knocks over someone else, and says in Amatakka “Oh, excuse - oh! Shmi, isn’t it? Shmi Skywalker!” They keep talking, but the name roars in Gabriel’s ears for a minute; then he shakes off the background noise of the desert and grounds himself again, and looks. He recognizes that name, with a faint bit of incredulity. Shmi Skywalker is tall-ish, bits of hair escaping from a plain bun. Her clothing looks worn and a little too heavy for desert heat; ill-suited material is probably cheaper, here. She looks tired, and she’s (only barely noticeably) pregnant. Ah. Gabriel wouldn’t have noticed, usually (she’s not showing very much) but there’s something different - with the fetus or her, he can’t tell, it’s too early in the process. If this is the mark of Ar-Amu’s favoritism...actually, he’s not that surprised. Maybe the gods here work in the same ways that some of his old friends did. Do , Gabriel corrects himself. They’re not dead; just too far away to talk to. He’s only staying here until he can be sure whatever’s going on back home is done. Shmi Skywalker parts after a few moments of conversation with the friend; they exchange what must be a slave method of hand-touching that looks symbolic. Gabriel waits a few moments, then falls into step next to her. “They say Akar Hinlil is smuggling people off-planet,” he says in Amatakka, and Shmi starts and looks over at him. “The reason no depur has caught him is because he’s a ghost, now. So they say,” Gabriel adds. “If Akar Hinlil were a ghost, he wouldn’t be able to take the transmitters out,” Shmi replies, wariness edging her voice. “Maybe he has help,” Gabriel suggests. “Or ghost magic.” Evening, when the suns are setting, is an interesting time to be speaking of ghosts. The dual shadows of the people passing by create an interesting effect. Shmi’s smile is more like a flicker of one. “Maybe it’s only a person taking advantage of a legend.” She looks around, checking over her shoulder like Tanai still does sometimes, and says, “Would you like to continue this inside?” She leads him to a group of slave’s homes similar to the ones he’d found Suna in. Shmi’s ‘house’ is one room, plain but crowded with small items for making life that much easier. “I know who you are,” she says, when the door is closed. “I guessed as much,” Gabriel said, smiling. “People seem to expect me, now. I could never guess why.” Shmi seems put at ease by the sarcasm - most people are. Gabriel likes to make himself seem human, more relatable. “So,” he says. “One person taking advantage of a legend’s name, huh? If people really are calling me Akar Hinlil, I haven’t heard.” “You do seem to be only one,” Shmi says. Gabriel grins, and offers his hand. “Would you like to be proved wrong?” Shmi’s more likely to be affected by his usual mode of transport, so Gabriel goes carefully with her instead of quickly. Tanai turns around, startled, but relaxes when she sees Gabriel. “Why always straight into the house?” She asks; it’s an old argument by now. Shmi stares - at Tanai, at the comfortable room, at the machinery shoved into corners and obviously not as innocuous as it was intended to be. “Convenience?” Gabriel suggests. “A welcoming atmosphere as opposed to the rocks outside?” “That was...something,” Shmi says, faintly, having apparently recovered her voice. “Did you explain?” Tanai asks Gabriel. “I offered to prove her thoughts on the rapid freeing of slaves wrong,” Gabriel answers. Tanai sighs. “This is Shmi, by the way.” “Well, it’s nice to meet you, Shmi,” Tanai says, and gestures Shmi towards a chair. Shmi sits gratefully. “Gabriel can be a little overwhelming sometimes. I’m not sure he knows how not to be.” Gabriel tugged on one of Tanai’s braids in the universal annoying-little-brother way. “Don’t be mean. I’m great.” “And you forget that not everyone is used to being spirited across half the desert in the space of a second,” Tanai says. “ You are,” Gabriel says. “Besides, I’m not done yet.” He focuses on Shmi. “Your transmitter? If you want me to do it.” “I don’t know where it is,” Shmi says, drooping like she thinks this is the end. “I do,” Gabriel says, looking for metal and electricity. It’s in her leg, like Tanai’s, not as close to the bone. He looks at Shmi, waiting for permission. “I want it out,” Shmi says, anger threading through her voice. Her hand, perhaps unconsciously, curls around her stomach. Gabriel smiles, and curls his fingers in like he’s holding something. The transmitter slides out without breaking any skin or muscle, cool under his fingers like all the rest. Gabriel vanishes it, as Shmi tenses in surprise, and crouches down. Shmi lets him touch her leg gently, sighs in relief when he makes the muscle smooth back down into the right places. The transmitters aren’t very big, but they’ve usually been in long enough that getting them out messes with how parts of the body work. “That can’t be all it takes,” Shmi says, startled. “I mean - thank you, but-” “Call it a talent,” Gabriel says, and stands back up. “No thanks necessary. I promise you won’t get blown up in your sleep.” “That’s not reassuring,” Tanai sighs. “I’ll explain, Shmi. Walk with me, we’ll find somewhere to get you set up. Oh, and don’t go anywhere, Gabriel, I wanted to talk to you about the vaporators-” “Gotcha,” Gabriel says - English, not Amatakka, the original word gets his point across better. Still, when Tanai walks away with Shmi, he goes outside. It’s not quite night yet, but it’s getting there. Gabriel can never remember whether krayt dragons are more or less dangerous at night. He has a feeling there’s some kind of animal he’s supposed to be watching out for, but then, what are the chances it can do anything to him? Gabriel sits down, on a rock that doesn’t have a lizard on it. There are a couple good ones that are just about the right height to be used as chairs. He looks out at the horizon for a few moments, and then says, “Well?” “Can’t you let me announce myself just once? ” Ekkreth complains, no longer a lizard (or...reptile-y animal that Gabriel doesn’t recognize). They’ve managed to once again completely transform themself. Their new face reminds Gabriel of a teenager who’d left with her family only a few months ago, to establish themselves fully as free people. “Next time you can send your daughter, if you want to be dramatic,” Gabriel says, turning to look at them. “Is Shmi your mother’s favorite, or will her child be?” Ekkreth gives him an appraising look. “You’re very quick on the uptake,” they observe. “Let’s just say I come from a place where children of gods and humans are very, very common,” Gabriel says. Ekkreth raises their eyebrows. “The kid, then?” “Why not both of them?” Ekkreth leans back casually, laces their hands together behind their head. “ Is it both?” “I don’t know,” Ekkreth admits. “But I know my mother’s mark.” Gabriel thinks over his words, for a moment, before speaking. “Your mother,” he says. “Did she ask you to do this?” “What mother wants her favorite to be enslaved?” Ekkreth scoffs. “That’s not an answer.” Ekkreth gives him a long look. “What do you know of my mother?” They ask lightly, still leaning casually against the rock wall of the canyon that Gabriel and Tanai’s door opens onto. “Her name?” Gabriel shrugs . “I’m not one to pry. You’re not my gods.” Ekkreth inclines their head; either accepting the explanation or agreeing. “Tatooine was not always a desert,” they say, after a moment of silence. Gabriel leans back, too, and listens. “It used to be a garden, full of oases and flowers, and it was beautiful, and Ar-Amu lived there with her children. But Depur came out of the darkness, and trapped her in chains, and her children were stolen and enslaved by other depuran, and Tatooine dried up into a desert, because Ar-Amu grieved so much that she could not cry.” Gabriel says nothing, because it seems inappropriate to speak. “One day, she’ll be free,” Ekkreth says distantly. “We’ll cast off our chains and throw down our masters and the desert will bloom again.” “I’m sorry,” Gabriel says. “You must miss her.” “Yes,” Ekkreth says, in that same distant way, and then shakes their head like they’re shaking off water - or thoughts. “And you?” “What about me?” Gabriel asks, startled. “You have your reasons for doing this,” Ekkreth says. “What do you know of chains?” “I don’t like seeing people in situations like this,” Gabriel says. “That’s all.” Ekkreth laughs lightly. “Liar.” Gabriel hesitates, for a minute. “There were two men,” he says, looking away from Ekkreth and propping his chin on his hands. “They were very similar, both prone to wandering and forgetting what they were supposed to be doing, which was why when they were both young they had decided to be brothers. One of them liked learning, and he often went looking for knowledge, and one time he found more than he was looking for. He learned a prophecy, that foretold death and terror, and so he went back home and warned his brother the trickster of what would happen. “It happened that the trickster had many children, and he was troubled when his brother the wise man told him of what many of them were prophesied to do. He tried to convince the wise man that the future was not set in stone, but the wise man would not listen, and he locked away the trickster’s more monstrous children in far and remote places where they could not be found, where nobody could find them. The trickster was angry, and swore revenge, but when he followed through the wise man was furious enough that he took the trickster’s remaining children and enchanted one to kill the other, and put the first to death.” Ekkreth jerks in surprise at that. Gabriel pretends he doesn’t see. “And, of course,” Gabriel says, “with the trickster in such a position as he was, the wise man could not suffer him to run around free and unhindered.” Neither of them say anything, for a long time. Gabriel reflects that he sounded more bitter than he meant to. Normally he’s more adept at distancing himself from a story. ...Well. Not this one. “You were the trickster,” Ekkreth says. “What a fucking astute observation,” Gabriel says, then sighs. He never means to get riled up. He presses the heels of his palms into his face, as if that’ll help - he’s picked up on a lot of human body language, over the years. It always seems to help humans. There is a light touch on his shoulder. Ekkreth’s hand is as cool as the desert at night, even though the layers of Gabriel’s shirts. It is nighttime in the desert at the moment, so that makes sense. “You know chains better than I thought,” Ekkreth says, and they make it sound like an attempt at an apology. “Not as well as the ones who put me there would have liked,” Gabriel replies, with a grim kind of satisfaction. “Oh?” “To shapeshift, you have to be able to forget,” Gabriel says. Ekkreth looks interested. “To be a woman, forget you’re a man. To fly, forget you don’t have wings. To be free...” He shrugs. “Convince yourself to forget you aren’t, and it’s a little easier.” “But not true,” Ekkreth murmurs. “Even a little freedom can be enough,” Gabriel says, “for however long it takes to arrange to be actually freed.” Ekkreth smiles, at that. “Forget, and find enough freedom to free yourself,” they say. “I like that.” “You would,” Gabriel says, and stands. “My sister will be wondering where I am.” “She already is,” Ekkreth says, and darts away on a sudden breeze before Gabriel can even decide not to ask how he knows. Tanai sitting just inside the door isn’t really a surprise, after that. “I told you not to go anywhere,” she says, sounding amused as she stands. “I...heard a little bit of your conversation.” “Yeah?” Through heroic efforts, Gabriel keeps his expression politely curious. “A bit about chains,” she admits. “I stopped listening when I realized it was private.” She looks critically at Gabriel for a few moments. “We don’t actually know much about each other, do we?” “I guess not.” He’s never felt the urge to press about Tanai’s slave life. But there were probably a few good moments in her childhood at least, he supposes. “I made tzai,” Tanai offers, after a moment where neither of them speak. “You want some?” “I could really use a hot drink, yeah.” He’s never needed food and drink the way humans do, but that doesn’t mean he never needed it. And Tanai's offering one of her culture's most personal concoctions. That's something. They spend a lot of time talking that night. Gabriel is not good at sharing, but Tanai is clever and lets him tell stories while they both pretend that she doesn’t know he’s the protagonist. She tells stories, too, childhood tales and adventures with none of the dull, omnipresent pressure of slavery edited out. The tzai never goes cold, and their cups don’t empty until Tanai drinks the very last of hers and declares that she has to go to bed or she won’t wake up for a year. Laughingly, Gabriel follows suit. Minus the going to sleep part. He doesn’t need it, after all. Even when he’d tried, he’d never quite gotten the hang of it. Time passes, even when he forgets to keep track. Their network quietly grows, with more people and more things to do; resources, a helping hand even to those now free. Tatooine’s binary suns and three moons circle and wax and wane. Anakin’s born on a night where all three of them are nearly full, only a night or two away from it, at different times in their respective phases. There’s a holiday the Tatooinians celebrate when all three are full, but it’s nowhere near then, just the illusion of that night. Some would call it fortuitous. Gabriel wouldn’t know. There hasn’t been so much as a whisper from Ekkreth since their last rather heavy conversation. Maybe they’re busy; maybe Gabriel’s path and theirs have simply ceased to cross. Whatever the case, Anakin is mostly just a grumpy newborn baby, as babies generally are. But the potential. Gabriel can tell where the kid is at all times without even trying, just because of his presence. He’s not powerful yet, but the kid’s going to pack a wallop when he’s older, especially if he learns how. Gabriel knows it’s the Force, obviously. There doesn’t seem to be much else besides that and gods, here, unlike his own universe. He misses the variety of magic with a force that surprises him. But the Force, however it works, is strong as hell in Anakin. He’s still only like three days old, so Gabriel mentally shelves that topic to be picked back up a couple years down the road. He doesn’t mention it to Tanai, because then he’d have to explain how he knows, and he’s hardly going to start posing as a Jedi or something now. Besides, he never really liked the council. And if Lucas did get it right, he’s got nine years or so until the Jedi start being an issue. Whatever. He’ll cross and/or burn that bridge when he gets to it. It’s not entirely his decision, anyway. “You don’t know what his name means, do you?” Tanai asks, after Anakin’s born. “No?” “‘ The one who brings the rain’. Kind of ambitious.” Gabriel makes a noncommittal noise and does not mention Ekkreth or Ar-Amu or the favorites of gods. Anakin goes from crawling to toddling but doesn’t stop being underfoot. He develops a habit of clinging to people’s legs when he gets tired of moving under his own power. Gabriel thinks it’s endearing, but after a few weeks he’s the only one who still does. The common Tatooine opinion on parenting is a very communal approach. There’s Shmi and Suna and Tanai and Gabriel, of course, but Shmi’s not the only freed slave who decided to stick around. Kinla and Taalo have been there practically from the start, and Gabriel’s been trying to figure out if they’re identical twins or sisters for just as long. Nevu and Tena, Twi’lek brother and sister respectively, befriended Siha, half-Correllian, from the moment he walked in. Gabriel is pretty sure Shmi’s disappointed that there’s so few of them. Shmi, while he’s on the subject, is wound tense even after Anakin’s birth. Gabriel had watched her leave a message before he spirited her away, hidden inside a food container when she knew all her things would go to her friends. He knows what she’s waiting for. When Anakin is barely two, Reja Banai walks out of the desert with a baby on her back, screaming his displeasure at the journey he’d been brought on. She has a transmitter which Gabriel disposes of; the baby does not. Sneaking him out before he could get one must have been tricky. Still; no sign of Ekkreth. Anakin’s too young for Gabriel to be sure what he’s thinking, but he likes trying to get baby Kitser to do things, and appears to have appointed himself the older brother of the two. Gabriel’s like 80% sure that was in the movie, but it’s been a while, and he can’t exactly rewatch it here. Besides. Incredibly different circumstances. They’ve been proceeding with only a little difficulty, so far; Gabriel practically curses himself when something goes wrong, because of course something was going to go wrong, this kind of thing is never easy. Gardulla the Hutt, Depur of Mos Espa (which was by far home to the majority of the freed slaves) attacks multiple desert settlements, kidnapping people as a replacement for (or to gain back) those she’s lost. Only about half of them are home to ex-slaves; the rest are owned by families who are as much as fifth-generation freed. This cannot stand. Gabriel goes to Mos Espa; Tanai insists on going with him. Gardulla has a sort of palace, as much as Mos Espa’s architectural style can be called grand or palatial, but it’s certainly big. Gabriel knew what the Hutts looked like going in, but the real thing is very different from watching it on a screen. Grosser in general, for one. Gardulla rumbles something in Huttese. Luckily she doesn’t seem inclined to stop saying whatever she’s saying, because that way neither of them have to talk - and Gabriel doesn’t know any Huttese. Yet. He catches a few words, enough to get the gist of things. Why are they here, who do they think they are, Do They Know Who She Is, et cetera, et cetera. When she finally pauses, dropping into an expectant silence, Gabriel says in Basic, “Attacking farmers is a bit of an overly arrogant move, isn’t it? Especially since you depend on them half the time for water.” Gardulla narrows her eyes at him in a move that completely fails to be intimidating. “They are only slaves,” she says contemptuously, and Tanai’s hand tightens around her staff. It’s metal, hardy, and has small extendable prongs at either end that conduct large amounts of electricity. She looks tempted to use it on Gardulla, and Gabriel is not inclined to get in her way. “They really aren’t,” Gabriel says, and smiles. It is not a nice smile, and it is far more intimidating than the overlarge worm in front of him. “But it doesn’t really matter, because you’re going to let them go.” Gardulla laughs. “Why would I do that?” In Huttese it’s a sneer, a challenge. Gabriel’s perfectly willing to take that challenge. “Because I said so,” Gabriel says, still smiling. “What can you do to me?” Gabriel’s smile turns sharp. There are slaves, in the hall. Some of them are wearing cuffs. No time to get transmitters into everyone, so cuffs will do, serving the same purpose without wasting time on surgery. As one, on every single person Gabriel can sense (inside the palace and out) who is wearing one, they click open and fall off, clattering to the floor and magically failing to work with a collective, ominous electronic wail. No one moves, for a second. Gardulla’s guards are caught by surprise; Gardulla herself is, too. Gabriel still smiles. One guard leaps forward, blaster in their hand. Gabriel doesn’t even look at him. The guard falls to the floor, unconscious. The rest of them, when they start forward in anger, follow him down. “The question is,” Gabriel says, “whether you can do enough to me to stop me. Although I think you’d better be more concerned with how you’re going to get along all by yourself, with no guards to keep anyone in.” The kidnapped slaves take that for the cue he meant it to be. They slip out of servant’s entrances and secret doors, and some just bolt for the front door. There’s not a single guard awake in the whole compound, or indeed anyone in the city, who would stop them. Gardulla hisses, and it might be an insult in Huttese or just a noise, Gabriel honestly can’t tell. “You have no power but intimidation,” Tanai says. Her voice does not shake. A swell of affectionate pride puffs up in Gabriel’s chest. Tanai has little desire to set foot in Mos Espa for even minor supply runs; to stand here in front of a Hutt and speak rebellion is a hell of a step forward. “That ends now.” “Because you say so?” Gardulla growls, in Huttese, although it’s closer to a gurgle in Gabriel’s ears. She reaches to the side; Gabriel holds up the detonator for the slaves’ transmitters. “If this is what you’re looking for, you’re out of luck,” he says, and when Gardulla shrieks in outrage, he flicks his hand and vanishes it as he’s done with so many transmitters. “This isn’t over,” she threatens. “It really is,” Gabriel says, falsely apologetically. “I’ll-” “Do nothing,” Gabriel says. “You’re going to do nothing, because if I hear a single peep from you or anything about you, I’m coming back.” “You do not scare me.” Gardulla is making a valiant effort to sound threatening. Gabriel smiles, again. It is not an unkind smile, or a nice one, or anything more than a baring of teeth. “I should.” The foundations of Gardulla’s palace begin to shake. Small vibrations, first. Then the stone shifts enough that dust starts falling, from dislodged cracks in the ceiling. The pillars groan and shift. The windows rattle in their frames. There is frantic beeping and a noise that suggests somewhere, there are broken wires sparking and crackling. Gabriel puts a hand on Tanai’s shoulder, to steady her. Gardulla has no such luxury. “Enough!” She shrieks, when it seems that the stones will break into bits under their feet. Gabriel does not stop. The floor cracks, not quite in two, and the gap yawns wider as the crack lengthens, pointing accusingly at Gardulla. “ Enough! I accept!” Everything stops, as if it had never been. The crack remains. “Glad we could have this chat,” Gabriel says. Gardulla isn’t much of a problem, after that. Anakin grows up, with Kitser practically attached at the hip. Reja and Shmi, of course, often end up working jointly - that is, more so than the rest of them already are collaborating. And Anakin and Kitser are the only children around, so they get lots of attention. It seems like Gabriel blinks, maybe turns his back on them for a second, and the two kids are almost into double-digits and taking apart half the machines within reach. Anakin develops a weird obsession with podracing (despite the death toll) and wheedles his way into being taken into Mos Espa to watch the races. Usually Siha, who is something of a gambler, takes him, but sometimes Anakin tags along on supply trips and gets ‘lost’ and finds the ‘closest landmark’; unfailingly the podracing stadium. Kitser is an unrepentant enabler. Sometimes, he finds company before whoever’s supposed to be in charge of him finds him. “What part of ‘stay near me’ did you not understand?” Gabriel grabs Anakin by the back of his shirt, making Anakin jump. There are so many people around, he’s speaking Basic, not Amatakka; a secret language is ill-suited to public spaces. “I swear if you keep “getting lost” like this you’re going to get forbidden to come without at least three adults supervising you.” A poorly muffled snort makes him look up. Anakin’s company is an older man and two younger humans, one with a braid that stands out from his short-cropped hair and the other bearing a distinct resemblance to Natalie Portman. Gabriel does a quick count and remembers that Anakin’s just about nine years old. Huh. “I wasn’t even watching the podracers,” Anakin complains, twisting in Gabriel’s grip. “I heard them talking and said I could help ‘cause I went down to the mechanic yard with Kinla that time-” Gabriel snorts so hard he nearly bends double. “You’re nine, not a mechanic. Definitely not a freelance one.” “I could be both! And Kinla’s here anyway, she could help them.” “It’s not really a mechanical problem,” Padmé fucking Amidala volunteers. “We just need a part replaced. Though I suppose a mechanic would help for the actual process of replacing it.” Gabriel tries to remember where the three of them are coming from, now. Padmé hasn’t revealed herself as queen yet, surely. What even was the main conflict of episode one? Did he ever even see the prequels? Surely the first one, at least, before everyone figured out that they were a little overblown and dramatic. “Whatever the case, Anakin’s not exactly qualified, ” he says, and Anakin groans in complaint, trying to physically detach Gabriel’s hands from his shirt. “And if we don’t get back home in time, his mom’ll start worrying.” “I wanna see the shiiiiip, ” Anakin complains. “It’s a J-type Nubian starship!” “How do you know that?” The older man looks startled. The fuck is his name, anyway? Jin? No, wait, Qui-Gon. That’s it. Gabriel frowns. Doesn’t he die like halfway through the movie? “You said the hyperdrive went wonky,” Anakin says, as if it’s obvious. “If it’s the hyperdrive then it’s probably a big fiddly ship that’s not meant to go that fast normally, so a Nubian, and the J-type’s the only kind that’s popular on Naboo. And you said you came from Naboo.” “That’s very clever,” Obi-Wan (still a padawan, here) says, looking surprised. Anakin preens, distracted from trying to escape by the compliment. “I got a holobook on starships for my birthday,” he brags. “There were a bunch of really cool pictures.” “Loki!” Someone calls, and Gabriel looks up to see Tanai squeezing through the crowd towards them. “Oh, good, you found him. Kinla’s down at the shipyard again, I thought I’d come find you.” She surveys Anakin’s three companions with a raised eyebrow. “Anakin’s decided to become a freelance mechanic,” Gabriel says dryly. “Oh, only just now?” Tanai responds without missing a beat. “I suppose we’ve lost him to the lure of space travel for good, then.” “I’m not leaving !” Anakin protests. Padmé looks amused; the two Jedi mostly look like they’re not sure what’s going on. “No, no, this was probably inevitable,” Gabriel teases. “We’ll just give you a good sendoff and let your mom know what happened-” “ Stop, ” Anakin groans, looking intensely embarrassed. “We could send Kinla with him to supervise,” Tanai suggests. “Speaking of, we’d better go find her before she ends up being lured into space with some fancy ship.” “We’ll come with you,” Qui-Gon says - too quickly. “Our ship is down at the yard; we may as well check it over and see if we can’t repair things instead of replacing them.” “Sure,” Tanai says, before Gabriel can object. Qui-Gon falls into step next to Gabriel, once they’re away from the crowds around the podracing stadium. “Your son,” he begins, and Gabriel snorts again. “What, just because we’ve both got blond hair I must be his father? Try again.” Qui-Gon looks taken aback, but resolutely plows forward. “He’s very strong in the Force.” “Uh huh.” “Surprisingly strong, for such a young boy. How old is he?” “None of your business.” Qui-Gon frowns, but doesn’t appear to have the sense to see that he’s trying to broach a topic that Gabriel isn’t going to give him an inch on. “Normally in the Core it’s easier for children to be tested for Force-sensitivity, but it’s understandable that out here there wouldn’t be the resources,” he says, as if trying to reassure Gabriel. “Yeah, it was really difficult to tell what was happening when he started flinging things around without touching them,” Gabriel says dryly. “You knew?” Qui-Gon looks absolutely shocked. “Then why not-” “Why not what?” Gabriel stops and turns to face Qui-Gon, blocking his way. Ahead of them, Obi-Wan lingers behind the group, waiting for his master with a puzzled frown. “Why not send him off to the Core to be trained? Send a nine-year-old boy away from his family with no warning just because he’s got some mystical powers so you can teach him how to fight and be a potential weapon for your government to use?” “The Jedi are impartial,” Qui-Gon manages. Gabriel scoffs. “Sure. And I’m sure they encourage kids to stay in touch with family and pretend that they’ll never need to actually use the weapons they’re being trained with.” Qui-Gon makes a short, aborted move towards his lightsaber. “Without training,” he tries to say. “Who says he’s not trained?” Gabriel interrupts. “You think I can’t teach a kid how to use power responsibly? That I can’t tell when he’s getting in over his head and trying to do things he’s not capable of? You’ve been on this planet for half a day at most, pal. Keep your nose out of our business.” Gabriel turns and walks away to rejoin the rest of the group. He doesn’t look behind him to see if Qui-Gon follows. Anakin’s excitedly chattering to Tanai about J-class Nubian starships, unaware that he was the subject of their conversation. Gabriel will tell him. Later, when they’re back home. Anakin knows about the Force, he knows the ins and outs and dangers of power. Gabriel will go to Hell before he lets Anakin wander out into the world without knowing what the fuck he’s doing. How dare Qui-Gon come into his place and judge him. They arrive at the yard without much fanfare. The Queen’s ship is impressive, certainly sleeker and cleaner than anything else in Mos Espa. Anakin peels off to find Kinla, leaving Gabriel and Tanai to the company of Jedi and a Queen in disguise. Gabriel would let Tanai in on the joke of neither Qui-Gon nor Obi-Wan knowing who they’re keeping company, but if he remembers right Padmé has a very good reason to be in disguise. Dramatic irony is the worst kind of secret; there’s never anyone to share it with, here. When Anakin tows Kinla back to the group, Gabriel doesn’t let them linger. The Jedi and the Queen will be fine, probably. There’s plenty of places they can get their missing part. Except he can’t let it go. There’s something he’s forgetting, or maybe something he never knew, because he doesn’t forget things. Either way... “If I said I wanted to go to the Core,” Gabriel says, a few nights later, and Tanai pauses in the middle of her habitual shifting around for half an hour under the blanket until she finds a comfortable spot. They share a bedroom, like most of their small household does, because despite the cave system and the house they’d claimed and partly built, there’s only so much room. “What would you say?” “Why the Core?” Tanai asks. “Naboo, really. That handmaiden...something else was going on with them. I don’t like it.” “Republic politics hardly affect us,” Tanai says. “They affect someone, ” Gabriel says. “They affect the Core.” “And you care about the Core?” “Not really, but...” Gabriel sighs. “I don’t like to throw around words like prophetic foreboding, but honestly, that’s all I’ve got for this.” Tanai is silent for several moments. “Not prophecy, but prophetic,” she says eventually. “It’s not one of my usual talents, but sometimes I get very strong gut feelings.” “About a place hundreds of light-years away?” “My species works on a large scale.” “Alright.” Tanai sits up, blanket pooling around her.“We’ll go.” “What, just like that, you believe me?” “You never talk about what you are,” Tanai says, and alright, that’s fair, he really doesn’t. “If you’re using that as justification, this is important.” Then she adds, “You’re telling Anakin that we’re leaving, though.” Anakin groans and begs to be taken along and has to be literally pried off of Gabriel so that he can leave. Gabriel promises to bring back souvenirs, which pacifies Anakin, but just a little. He’s not entirely sure how to get to Naboo, but he made a quick trip around the Core and the Middle Rim while Tanai was asleep last night - it won’t be that hard, even with a passenger. “Do you trust me?” Gabriel asks. “What a stupid question,” Tanai says. “If you’re going to do something ridiculous and impossible again, just go ahead.” Gabriel grins, and slings an arm around Tanai’s waist, and they turn. Tanai does not stumble when they land on Naboo, but she holds on tightly to Gabriel and her staff. They each have a bag, easily carried, but on Naboo it’s a little heavier. “One of these days I’m going to demand a really in-depth explanation about all this,” Tanai says. “Not today?” “I’m concentrating on keeping my food down.” “Strangely enough, that happens to everyone,” Gabriel says, and pats her on the back. “You’ll be alright.” Mostly because he’s going to make sure she is. Tanai eventually straightens, and frowns, breathing in deeply. “What’s wrong with the air?” Gabriel sniffs in. “It’s humid, I guess.” He has to use the Basic word - ‘humid’ doesn’t exist in the vocabulary of a desert language. “What?” “There’s a lot more water in the air than on Tatooine. I think most of the planet is water.” “Oh, only most, ” Tanai says; meaning to be sarcastic, probably, but she sounds more incredulous. She shakes her head in disbelief. “Before we leave, you’re taking me to see the water.” “Ocean,” Gabriel says in Basic. “I think that’s the word, anyway, planets like this have a lot of different words for water.” “You play translator, then.” Tanai looks around and frowns. “Do the Naboo normally look like that, or is something wrong?” Gabriel turns to look. They’re off to the side on a not-so-busy street, but there’s a fair amount of people passing, and most of them look some degree of anxious. The Naboo are human, mostly, so it’s easy to read their faces. “Told you I had a bad feeling,” Gabriel murmurs. “Let’s see what this is about, huh?” It turns out that despite the vastness of space and the size of the planet, it is still feasible to set up trade blockades. “I’ve heard of the Trade Federation,” Tanai says, as they take refuge in the booths of a Naboo café. It looks like a café, anyway, but they might have another word for it here. Several Naboo humans are tapping away on datapads or whatever the hell they call their computers. “What about ‘em?” “They’re pretty ruthless. Mostly trying to dodge Republic taxes, I’ve heard, but they control trade almost everywhere in the Core and Republic worlds.” Tanai shakes her head. “I’m pretty sure I’ve heard they have seats on the Senate, which seems weird.” “So a possibly corrupt trade corporation?” How familiar. This is almost disappointing. Gabriel came here for indulgent sci-fi and escapism, damnit. “Who runs it?” “No idea. You could look it up.” Tanai gestures at the small, inset glass on the table. Gabriel had thought it was decorative, but a poke turns the screen on. It blinks a welcome message up at him in Basic. Gabriel doubts it comes equipped with Google. He finds the name of the Federation’s viceroy, which he doesn’t recognize. He finds the name of a particular senator from Naboo, which he does. “What?” Tanai says, and leans forward, evidently noticing something. She reads what Gabriel's looking at upside down - it's in Basic, not whatever language the Naboo speak. “Palpatine? Never heard of him.” Gabriel says nothing. Tanai looks up at him, curiosity mixed with faint suspicion. “Another gut feeling?” She asks. “Something like that.” Tanai flicks her hand across the screen, dismissing the page Gabriel had managed to call up. “Look, Loki,” she says. “I’ve seen you practically shake a building to pieces without moving a finger. If you know something because of whatever it is that you are, tell me. What do you think I’m gonna do? You’ve never lied to me.” Gabriel wishes that were true. He’s lied in a hundred tiny ways. He’s not sure he knows how to stop. He looks around, just to confirm no one’s listening. No one would be able to hear them, anyway, he’s been making sure. “He’s going to start a war,” he says. “I think I might kill him first.” “Oh, if that’s all.” Sarcastic, but not too shocked. At least if he’s going to do this, he’s accompanied by her. On Tatooine, political assassinations and corruption aren’t even news anymore. Gabriel’s poisoned people before. He’s never been a fan of using easily-identified mixes, but here no one would know what nightshade or hemlock even is. The problem is, there’s no nightshade or hemlock to use. He can’t use a spell, because none of the usual ingredients exist on this planet, much less this universe. Gabriel misses his home universe with an unexpected ferocity. He doesn’t like being out of his depth. He can’t use poison or even a spell, not even the stereotypical witchcraft kind. Here, the only thing he knows that he could blame it on is the Force. “What are you doing?” Tanai surveys the various herbs scattered across the table with wariness. Gabriel had ‘found’ some money and paid to use the backroom of a shop with no interruptions for a few hours. “Experimenting,” Gabriel says. “Preferably whatever we’re going to do will be untraceable, or at least unidentifiable, but most of the stuff I’d normally use is - well, I can’t make it as usual because there’s no way to get my hands on everything I’d need.” “So you need to substitute.” Tanai sits down. “What do you need?” They try their hand at recreating a few concoctions. One spell fizzles out, the other does nothing, a third explodes. An attempt at poison results in a cocktail sort of drink, which actually tastes very good but doesn't help them much. “You know what?” Gabriel says. “Fuck it. Show me to the nearest black market and we can sit back on Tatooine and watch everyone freak out about a murder with no suspects.” “The hell do you think I know about Naboo black markets?” The matter is further complicated by the discovery that Palpatine is on Coruscant, not Naboo. It takes some quick thinking and liberal use of Grace, but eventually Gabriel and Tanai are pressed up against a wall, listening to Palpatine shout at somebody over a comm. “There was supposed to be a vote of no confidence!” “Queen Amidala tried, my Lord, but she was worried for Naboo-” “Lord?” Tanai says under her breath. “Is that how they address people here?” “I don’t think so,” Gabriel mutters back. It is, however, how a Sith Lord is addressed. “-we couldn’t persuade her to stay. Perhaps she’ll try again. The situation on Naboo is dire, she can’t have that many options.” “Make sure of it,” Palpatine snaps. “It would be a waste of the blockade if Valorum is not removed from office.” “Valorum?” Tanai whispers. Gabriel shakes his head. He doesn’t recognize the name. He does, however, spy a pitcher of water on the table. Gabriel saunters over to the table, taking the tiny packet they’d found out of his pocket. It was full of very small, tiny saltlike crystals that dissolved completely in the water. Palpatine, with only a little push, gets very thirsty. “Alert me when you have finished.” There’s the fzzt-y sound of the comm closing, and Palpatine strides out. Tanai muffles a gasp, but he brushes past Gabriel without seeing either of them and goes for the pitcher. Gabriel winks at Tanai. “Time to make our exit?” Palpatine doesn’t hear anything. He’s busy pouring herself a glass. Tanai nods. When they get back to Tatooine, after Gabriel made good on his promise and took Tanai back to Naboo to visit the nearest lake, Anakin latches onto Gabriel’s legs again and demands his souvenirs. Gabriel produces a tiny bunch of Naboo flowers, with wide blue petals and a purple center, that flourish in the vaguely sandy water Anakin procures to keep them in. They never hear anything about Palpatine or Naboo, but they’re on Tatooine. Nobody cares about anything to do with a Republic Senator or a Mid-Rim planet unless it directly affects them. Which it doesn’t, usually. Gabriel is mostly okay with that. Anakin grows up, Kitser still attached at the hip. He gets better at using the Force (using it responsibly, not so much, but Gabriel’s not exactly the best teacher in that department) There’s a couple of near misses with their operation - once a bounty hunter walks straight past their door - but hey, Gabriel’s in charge of it. What could happen? “I want to go to Coruscant,” Anakin says one day, and Gabriel looks him up and down and realizes he’s a fucking adult. Time is ridiculous and Anakin has absolutely grown up at least 50% faster than humans are supposed to. “What for?” Gabriel says, instead of ‘but you’re a child’ or ‘when the fuck did you get so tall’. “The Republic’s got laws against slavery,” Anakin says, sounding heated. “I want to remind them how to do their jobs.” Shmi, who is also in the room, has put down the shirt she was repairing. Gabriel’s not sure whether to feel intensely proud of the kid for his motives, or nervous at what’ll happen to Anakin on Coruscant, and he thinks she’s experiencing the same conflict. Hold on. Gabriel knows this feeling. “Well, I’m not your mom,” Gabriel says, only sort of lying. “I was talking to both of you,” Anakin says, sounding exasperated. “Tena thinks I should go.” “You told Tena before you told me?” Shmi asks. “ Anakin. ” “I thought you might - technically, this is safer than what you’ve been doing!” Anakin protested. “Tena was the only one I could think of who wouldn’t immediately tell me I was too young. Which I’m not,” he adds, almost as an afterthought. “You’re nineteen,” Shmi reminds him. “That’s not that young! And apparently it’s old enough to help with the freedom trail,” Anakin says. “I almost ran into bounty hunters that one time-” “Because you weren’t supposed to be there,” Gabriel interrupts. “You were thirteen and thought you were invincible.” “I’m not a kid anymore,” Anakin retorts. “Kitser thinks I should!” “Kitser is younger than you,” Shmi says, standing up. “Anakin, Coruscant is a long way away. The Senate is a bunch of politicians. ” “I don’t care,” Anakin says, mulishly. “Some of them have got to be able to listen to sense.” Gabriel snorts. Anakin turns injured eyes on him. “Hey, I’m not the one who gets to make the final decision here,” Gabriel says. “Ask your mom.” Communal parenting makes parents out of them all, but Shmi’s always had the final say in matters regarding Anakin. Shmi holds Anakin’s petulant, stubborn gaze silently for a few moments. “I’m coming with you,” she says, and Anakin brightens. “I have no doubt Kitser’s going to wrangle his way into going with you, and I don’t trust either of you to make sure the other’s being responsible.” Anakin hugs her tightly. “Thank you thank you thank you! I promise I’ll be responsible.” “Obviously, when we’re there to keep an eye on you,” Gabriel says. “We?” Shmi raises her eyebrows at him over Anakin’s shoulder. “Of course I’m coming, who of any of us has actually been to Coruscant before?” “You were only there for like a day,” Anakin protests, letting go of his mother to face Gabriel. He looks troubled. “And you can’t leave, anyway!” “Why not? Is there a mysterious force I haven’t noticed keeping me on Tatooine?” “What about - this?” Anakin gestures vaguely. Gabriel’s large, largely-unmentioned contribution to the freedom trail hangs in the air. “Things won’t fall to pieces if I’m off-planet,” Gabriel says. “C’mon, I know what I’m doing.” Tanai, who happens across him in the middle of the following night, does not appear to agree with that statement in the least. “Do you do this every night?” She asks, sounding like she’s not sure whether she wants to hear the answer or not. “Just when I’m about to be off-planet for as long as it takes for Anakin to change the Senate’s mind.” Gabriel draws a curved line very carefully. Inhuman abilities really come in handy when trying to draw sigils. “What is it?” “Some stuff. Protection.” It’s the third ward he’s done tonight, even counting the Enochian spun into the very walls of the place. “We’re not leaving for a week. I thought I’d go out to some places, make sure they won’t get any negative attention.” Tanai huffs, and kneels on the floor next to him. “Loki, come on.” When he doesn’t look up immediately, she pokes his shoulder. “You’ve already done plenty. The trail will survive without you.” “Yeah, of course, I’m just making sure,” Gabriel says quickly. “You’re not the only one who wants to see everyone freed,” Tanai says. “Don’t underestimate everyone else just because you can’t see them living up to your standard.” “That’s not what I-” “Go the fuck to bed, Loki, and think it over in the morning.” Gabriel finishes the sigil. The chain of them around the doorway flare for a moment, with a light mostly invisible to human eyes. “...Okay.” They’re not leaving for a while, anyway. He doesn’t have to do it all tonight. Only a few nights before they leave, all three of Tatooine’s moons are full. It’s a holiday, once Anakin had specifically scheduled around (he’d had everything planned out before he even asked, the little sneak. Gabriel’s very proud). Marokkepu is Tatooine’s New Year, except it lasts a week. Gabriel’s still sort of on the fringes of the community, as far as knowledge goes - he’s not and never has been a slave, especially not on Tatooine - but Tanai is his sister, so he’s allowed to participate and all. It’s a complicated situation, but Gabriel accepts it with grace. It’s not like he’s never encountered a religion that the practitioners were reluctant to share, before. The three full moons shine down on a riot of color in the desert. People wear colorful (and symbolically colored) costumes and clothing, and there are small fires and candles everywhere; in the center of the small tent-town they’ve erected, near Gabriel’s and the other’s house but not so close to allow it to be revealed if they’re interrupted, there’s a huge bonfire roaring in a pit, nearly bright enough to blot out the stars. Three full moons, this one day of the year, is the highlight of their holy week. A community of free slaves have a lot to celebrate, on a night that calls down for masters to be overthrown. They’re here, they’ve done it, they’re free. There’s a bit of a somber undertone - not everyone is free, not yet, and there are masters still out there - but tonight, that’s not the main focus. The focus, mostly, seems to be on using all their fires to burn small effigies of their masters. Gabriel can completely understand that part of the holiday. The most important part of it seems to be that there’s no need to hide the celebration. Gabriel lets himself be dragged into dances, laughing, big communal circles with drummers keeping the beat. He teaches a group of excited children who can barely stay still a dance that hasn’t been performed since he was in the Egyptian desert, keeping an eye on Moses and the Midianites. Tanai doesn’t have her staff with her - a rare occasion - and wears loose, jewel-bright clothing. Gabriel doesn’t exactly match - he’s wearing some very, very old pieces that are distinctly non-Tatooinian - but hey, he’s colorful enough that no one minds. Everyone’s so thrilled to be celebrating their holiday loud, proud, and all over the place that it’s infectious. Gabriel couldn’t worry if he wanted to. And who cares if Ekkreth hasn’t shown so much as a whisker of their presence? They’re everywhere in every single one of these people, and Gabriel doesn’t need a foreign god to give him permission to have fun. Tanai drags him into another dance, one with a lot of complicated steps that Gabriel learns on the fly. Someone’s produced a flute-y kind of instrument and is valiantly trying to play over all the drummers and clapping. There’s singing, too, simple call-and-response songs that absolutely everyone joins in with. There’s a lot about freedom, a lot of old-fashioned but very carefully meaningful phrasing. Gabriel’s not sure if it’s his heartbeat he’s hearing or the pace of the drums, of the clapping, the swell of emotion from the song. It’s the best time he’s had since he got here. Later, when most of the younger participants have conked out from exhaustion and the moons are almost directly overhead, things cool down a little. Everyone seems to have congregated around the big fire; the adults are still going strong, talking and chattering and someone playing drums faintly. He’s not expecting everyone to quiet down in a hurry when a child starts singing. He looks over at Tanai, but she’s staring at the fire, gaze distant in a way that suggests she’s not really seeing it. Gabriel listens, but not to the words. He gets the feeling that this is a very, very intimate kind of song, for them. Is it possible to feel simultaneously included and isolated? A few verses go by, each sung by someone new; the last one is sung by a very old woman, who is sitting only a few people away from Gabriel. She quiets down at the end of it; then, slowly, more people raise their voices. Gabriel recognizes the child’s voice. Each person who already sang joins back in. It’s beautiful. Gabriel understands why this week is considered to be an absence; a gap between one year and the next, belonging to neither. Stuff like this doesn’t belong to anything as concrete as time. Timelessness doesn’t last forever. They leave for Coruscant on the first day of the new year - ‘they’ being Anakin, Kitser, Shmi, Gabriel, and Tanai. Reja dislikes space travel and insists on being commed every week, at least, and Suna gives Tanai a heartfelt goodbye and promises - or perhaps threatens, to Kitser - to drop in on his mom’s calls as much as possible. Anakin knows exactly what they’re doing - passage in a freighter leaving from Mos Entha that takes hours, arrive at this specific Coruscanti port, take a shuttle-bus-ish contraption into what passes for downtown in a planet that’s already choked by a city. Anakin all but drags them into the tiny, off-blue apartment he’s found and secured with his own money. Smart kid. Gabriel sends a tiny glitchy thing to the owner with a touch, makes their records forget how much Anakin’s paid and show it as paid in full no matter what. They’ll probably pay some kind of rent occasionally, but it’s not that big of a place and there’s five of them. Gabriel stretches things a bit, maybe breaks a few minor laws of physics so they’re comfortable but not cramped. Anakin and Kitser take one room, and Shmi and Tanai take the other - it’s technically Gabriel’s too, but he never uses that bed. They need the space more than he does. There are two other rooms - technically three, but the kitchen and dining room are only technically separate. Gabriel spends little time in the apartment; he’s out all hours exploring Coruscant. There is always something else to see, always something new to discover, always something he’s missed. They have simulated environments because they’ve ruined the planet’s natural processes. Railways cross over the same street five times over and the skies are full of spaceships, not clouds. Not even spaceships, sometimes, just your average flying cars that aren’t meant to go off-planet at all. Humans do stupid things sometimes, like turn a whole planet into a city and end up having to make their own wild, green spaces, but he can’t fault their innovation. Of course, they’re only there for like three days before some Count tries to start a secession movement and Senator Amidala almost gets assassinated. Gabriel is involved, somewhat tangentially, in the latter. Look, he saw someone toss a blinking explosive into the spaceport, obviously he was going to do something about it. He just didn’t expect it to be her . “Hey, so,” Gabriel says, returning to the apartment with Padmé and her completely uninjured bodyguards and double, “I may have inadvertently thwarted an assassination and now the Senator needs somewhere to hide since no one’s sure who did it. We may need to make some space.” Anakin looks surprised; Padmé doesn’t appear to recognize him. Corbé (the double), having ditched the Senator’s robes (unknowingly to Gabriel’s secret hiding place) looks remarkably like her, and Anakin at first doesn’t seem to be able to tell which one of them is which. Padmé’s bodyguards linger uncomfortably near the walls. “It has to be the Military Creation Act,” Padmé says, sitting on their dinky sofa with one arm over Corbé’s shoulders. She’s speaking Basic, like Gabriel had, for the benefit of the small culture clash that was currently being housed in their apartment. “The Senate wants to give the new Chancellor emergency powers to force the Separatists to rejoin the Republic. It’s ridiculous, but obviously someone wants it to go through.” “Very badly, it seems,” Tanai says. They’re arranged somewhat awkardly - Anakin is perched on the arm of the sofa next to Padmé, Kitser standing next to him, and what with the bodyguards and Gabriel, Tanai is crammed a bit into a corner by the window and Shmi is forced to lurk in the hallway behind Kitser. “What exactly does it do?” Kitser asks. “The Act.” “It allows the Chancellor to create a standing army,” Corbé says. “To face the Separatist ‘threat’. Honestly, they only withdrew from the Republic because they thought the Senate was corrupt.” “They’re saying it isn’t?” Tanai looks skeptical. “Aren’t all governments?” “Excuse me, ” says Padmé. “I’m part of that government.” “Forgive the Tatooinian skepticism, then,” Gabriel interjects. “But is she wrong?” Padmé sighs. “I don’t know. I would like to say no, but I’ve found myself hoping it’s nobody I know who hired assassins.” “It could be a Separatist attempt,” one of the bodyguards says. “Why would a Separatist try to kill a Senator siding against a bill that threatens them?” Shmi asks, frowning. “I don’t know,” Gabriel says. “How ‘bout we find out who would?” Obviously this culminates in Gabriel, Anakin, and Padmé on a roof, getting shot at. To be fair, it’s only the one dart, and Gabriel grabs it out of the air before it can hit anyone. “For fuck’s sake,” Gabriel says, as Anakin and Padmé jump. “It’s been what, ten hours?” The dart is making his fingertips feel all pins-and-needles, which suggests that it’s been poisoned. What an intriguing development. First a large noticeable bomb, and then a poisoned dart no bigger than a very large mosquito? “Is that-?” Padmé’s eyes are wide. “Don’t do anything stupid,” Gabriel says, because he’s already figured out where the dart came from, and when he lands there there’s a rapidly fleeing bounty hunter in purple and silver. Gabriel freezes her in place with a gesture. “Nice night for a chat,” he calls, still in Basic. That’s always a good first linguistic attempt. The bounty hunter’s back is to him, but it’s easy enough to cross the rooftop to face her, plucking her name and her co-conspirator’s from her mind as he does. “Wesell, was it?” Zam Wesell says nothing. “Ah,” Gabriel says, and gestures, freeing her enough to speak. “Right. Sorry, I forget these things sometimes.” She glares at him. She looks human, but Gabriel can tell she isn’t. Some kind of shapeshifter, maybe. “Nothing?” Gabriel asks. “Alright, how ‘bout we talk to your boss then?” He snaps his fingers, and the switch to a different rooftop, where a different bounty hunter is taking aim at where they’d been a minute ago. He spins, gun still in hand. Gabriel snaps, and it becomes a sunflower. “Much better,” he says cheerfully. The hunter - Jango Fett, and isn’t that a familiar name - tosses it aside and tries to punch him. There are a few exciting minutes in which he ‘forgets’ to keep freezing Zam Wesell and she leaps into the fight, and to their credit they both try their hardest, but they’re only human - well, and whatever Wesell is. Definitely not anything near an angel’s league. Gabriel breaks the scope off Fett’s rifle and peers through it at Anakin and Padmé. They appear to be making out. “ Well then,” Gabriel says out loud. Behind him, both bounty hunters are too busy trying to escape the snakes - and the handcuffs, and the various other things Gabriel had conjured for his own amusement mostly - to pay much attention. ...He should probably do something about them. Eh. There’s gotta be police on Coruscant somewhere. Gabriel snaps his fingers, and turns towards the now-unchallenged bounty hunters. “So,” he says. “The eternal question. Who hired you?” He waits patiently while they both try to run and simultaneously discover that their feet are anchored in place. “Fuck off,” says Wesell. Her hands are flexing in a way that suggests she’s thinking of taking her boots off and booking it. The other, Fett, says nothing. “Not planning on it,” Gabriel replies. “I mean, there’s probably a shortlist of people somewhere who want the Senator dead, and they’re probably all Separatists, but it would be a lot easier if you just told me.” There is a flicker of a thought, in Fett’s mind. Neither of them say anything. Gabriel sighs dramatically, and sits on the edge of the small ledge that borders the roof. “Well, that’s a point in your favor, at least,” he says. “And here I thought I was going to have to tell the Count that he’d be better off hiring someone actually competent.” Both of them freeze in surprise. “This is a test?” Fett says angrily. “You could have waited until we’d actually finished the mission!” “What would be the point of that?” Gabriel asked flatly. “To wait until you’d been caught? I don’t think so. You might have told the Jedi or the Senate a lot of things.” “We wouldn’t, ” Wesell protested. “You just saw that for yourself-” “Yeah, but I didn’t know that before, did I?” Gabriel leans back as casually as one can when leaning out onto a sharp drop. “I’m surprised you didn’t wait longer after the first attempt failed.” “It should have worked,” Fett says. “The senator-” “Was a decoy,” Gabriel says. “Don’t you know anything about the Naboo? They use decoys for everything. Your real target was an aide who got away completely unscathed and would have even if everything had gone completely as you’d planned.” He raises a sardonic eyebrow as Fett falls silent. “Nothing else to say for yourself?” “That is the Senator on the roof, though,” Wesell says. “Do you think so?” Gabriel turns around and peers through the scope again. Padmé and Anakin are no longer making out, luckily, but their heads are bent very close together. “It’s a passing resemblance, if you ask me.” “How often have you seen the senator for Naboo?” Fett asks, a note of scorn in his voice. “How often have you? ” Gabriel retorts, facing him again. “Obviously not often enough.” “So we let her get away?” Wesell demands. “ I’ll take care of it,” Gabriel says. “ You can go explain to the Count why I had to intervene.” Neither of them look happy about that. Good. “There’s still time,” Wesell says. “If you want to risk that, sure,” Gabriel replies. “I’m sure your companion here will very quickly take responsibility for you.” They both look at each other without moving their heads. Gabriel can guess what each of them is thinking. Would they kill me to protect the mission? “And I tried a lot less harder than any Senatorial security detail would to get answers out of you,” Gabriel adds. “Well, go on. Get out’a here.” They go, reluctantly. Gabriel pops back to Anakin and Padmé. “Good news, the assassins are gone,” he says, as the two of them hastily spring apart. “Bad news, they’ll probably be back once they realize that their boss didn’t hire me to be a third assassin slash overseer, but at least we know their names now!” “What?” Padmé asks, startled. Anakin, who grew up with Gabriel, takes it in stride with only a raised eyebrow. “Bear with me. By the way,” Gabriel adds, “do you know why Count Dooku would want to kill you?” “ What? ” Tanai and Gabriel on Tatooine! Notes: Comment, please! Part two is coming soon-ish. I have a couple pages written already; I still have to cover whatever happens to with the rest of episode 2 and episode 3! Tanai is my new favorite character, honestly. There should be a movement within the fandom to give Gabriel nicer family members. The ones he's got don't deserve him. Chapter 3 : Prequels pt.2 Notes: WERE YOU EXPECTING A LATE-NIGHT UPDATE? OR PERHAPS A NEW CHARACTER INTRODUCED LATE IN THE GAME? PROBABLY NOT BUT HERE YOU GO! This covers most of the events of Episode 2 - given how drastically things have changed, I think I can get away with not including Episode 3. Also, more songs for this chapter! The two that Gabriel sings later on are all I've got, but if I find an excuse to use anything from the Moana soundtrack, you'd better be damn well sure that I'm gonna. The Raven - Karliene Hey Brother - Avicii (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) They walk back to the apartment, since there’s no risk of assassins anymore and Cordé is still publically the Senator, not Padmé. Anakin has to pull Gabriel back onto the path several times, occasionally out of the way of speeders or speedwalking pedestrians. “What do you keep wandering off for?” He eventually demands. “Do you know another way or something?” “No, I just-” He just what? Gabriel looks around, up at the tall spires of Coruscant, tries to pinpoint where he keeps trying to go. There’s an old, long-unused sense tugging at him, telling him- Gabriel takes off. There’s a shout of surprise from Anakin, but that’s not important now, because that’s the presence of another angel’s Grace tugging on him, there’s someone else here on Coruscant and they can’t have followed him but if someone’s here- The other presence notices him and bolts off. Gabriel zigzags wildly through Coruscant’s atmosphere, trying to simultaneously follow and go around to cut them off. It’s familiar, familiar enough that Gabriel’s almost worried. They could be anyone. When they both skid to a stop, having somehow managed to head straight at each other, there’s a moment of stunned silence. “ Gabriel? ” She asks, shocked, in Enochian, and out of reflex he replies in kind. “ Anna? ” They meet halfway. Anna’s clutching at his arms hard enough to hurt, but Gabriel’s holding her just as tightly, arms wrapped around her. “I thought-” “Where did you go- ” “I didn’t know it was you, I thought they found me-” “How did you get here?” “How d’you think?” Gabriel laughs in pure relief and delight, leaning away to look Anna in the eye. “I came here on my own. How did you -” “I don’t know,” Anna says. “I was-” She falters, and worry knots in Gabriel’s chest. “I just left. I wasn’t trying to get anywhere.” “That’s one way to do it,” Gabriel says lightly, trying to relax her. Something about Anna’s off; feathers askew, a few things just different or looking like they’ve been hurt- Oh, no. Naomi. What did they do to you, sister? He doesn’t dare ask. “And it’s not a bad place, you know?” Gabriel says, to distract himself from his own thoughts. “Hardly.” Anna manages a smile. “And,well, Star Wars. ” “I know, right?” “Palpatine’s dead, though, and I haven’t heard of any Jedi Master Skywalkers.” “Yeah, I’ve noticed,” Gabriel says, falsely casually, and Anna narrows her eyes and then laughs. “Gabriel. You didn’t!” “Oh, come on, what was I supposed to do?” Gabriel says teasingly. “So I landed on Tatooine, maybe changed a few things.” Anna’s laugh is infectious. Her grip on Gabriel’s arms has eased a little. “You’re really here,” she says, which is - mildly worrying? The way she says it...“It’s really you.” “Yeah,” Gabriel says, “it’s me,” and he hugs her again, because he can. Anna is solid and warm, warmer than any human, warmer in only the way that a being of near-infinite light compressed into a human-size shape can be. “Wait,” Anna says. “You landed on Tatooine? Then why are you here?” “I’ll explain on the way,” Gabriel says. “I made a few friends you should meet.” Their method of travel is instantaneous, but luckily they can talk just as fast, and Gabriel isn’t called the Messenger because he’s slow at getting information out. “Loki!” Tanai jumps up. They’re all packed into the living room again, minus the bodyguards and Cordé, which means Gabriel is squished against the wall and Anna is looking around in confusion, and Padmé and Shmi are looking back with the exact same expression. “What on-” “Sorry, had to run!” Gabriel grins widely at her. Tanai looks surprised. He’s speaking Basic, right? Not Enochian or English? Yeah, he is. “Anna, this is my sister Tanai. Tanai, this is my sister Anna.” Anakin does a double-take. Tanai’s eyebrows shoot up, but she recovers fairly quickly and turns to Anna, extending a hand. “Well, nice to meet you then,” she says, also in Basic. Anna shakes her hand, looking at Gabriel. How’d this happen? She asks, sounding amused - so she does know Basic, Gabriel hadn’t wanted to assume. He can’t help but bask a little in being able to talk to someone like this again, to be able to trust and open his mind and actually hear something. (He’d tried, once, in the desert. Silence. It unnerved him so much he’d tried to convince himself he’d never done it). Gabriel gives her the bare details, a faint impression of wind and sand and the cave and Tanai’s injury. “That’s certainly a fortunate coincidence,” Shmi says, barely containing her curiosity. “I know,” Gabriel says. “You’d almost think a higher power arranged it.” Anna doesn’t think it’s funny. Gabriel gets a snap of bitterness and then the connection fuzzes out, Anna withdrawing. Gabriel’s spent centuries keeping himself disconnected from it, but now he aches with the absence. He shouldn’t have referenced Dad. “It’s late,” he says cheerfully, slightly more forced than before, to cover the momentary but out of character gap in the conversation. Tanai doesn’t look fooled. Anna is looking at the floor, out the window - at anything but the other people. “Let’s reconvene in the morning, or something. It’s been a crazy day.” He gets a couple Looks™ that say the others can definitely tell something’s up, but people withdraw to their rooms until he and Anna are left alone. I’m sorry, Gabriel says. Anna glances at him, then looks back at the floor and sits on the small, already worn sofa. If They arranged this, Anna says, with the warm pulse of reconnection, He could’ve stood to do something about Michael and Lucifer instead. Aren’t you glad we ran into each other? Gabriel says pleadingly, sitting down next to her. If this is Their priority- Don’t go down that path, Anna, Gabriel says. Some things aren’t worth wasting your time thinking about. You said it. I know. Gabriel thinks for a moment. You wanna try sleeping? Why? It’s fun if you get the hang of it. Maybe later, Anna says, some amusement creeping back into her voice. Not around strangers. Okay. But where have you been? You have to tell me everything. You first. When morning comes, they’re still on the sofa, leaning against each other. Anna’s been silent most of the night, but Gabriel can tell she’s immediately alert when Tanai enters the kitchen. She doesn’t move an inch, though, which is nice because her head is resting on Gabriel’s shoulder and he’s silently reveling in that trust. “I would make tzai, but I don’t have the ingredients,” Tanai says, speaking Amatakka. “Seems like the time for it, though.” Gabriel smiles at her. “Nice of you to offer, anyway.” He replies in kind, even though Anna doesn’t speak it; she’ll pick it up fast enough, the way they work. “You never mentioned another sister,” Tanai says. “I didn’t know I had one here,” Gabriel replies. “My family situation is...complicated.” “Like your mother?” Gabriel had said very little on the subject of his Creator or the fictional Tatooinian mother who had ‘taught’ him Amatakka. He hadn’t tried to correct Tanai’s assumption that they didn’t have a good relationship. Next to him, Anna stiffens almost imperceptibly. Gabriel curls his hand around hers, stroking his thumb along the back of it. “It’s a long story,” he says, softly. “I...Anna hasn’t had as much time to deal with it as I have, I don’t think. I’d appreciate it if you wouldn’t...y’know, bring it up.” “I see.” Tanai pauses, then asks, “She’s your little sister?” “Almost all my siblings are younger than me.” Gabriel flashes a smile. “Fourth oldest, but I’ve got a lot of them.” Tanai nods, surprise flitting across her face. Even though they spent that one night after Ekkreth visited sharing, this is the only time he’s mentioned a sibling, much less that he had more than one. “We’ll really need more space, then,” she says. “Padmé’s already sharing with Anakin and Kitser, and who knows how long she’ll need to stay.” “She’ll probably end up going back to the Senate,” Gabriel says. “Even if Cordé is publically the Senator, she’ll need to be there as an aide or people will wonder.” “She’s Naboo?” Anna asks, in English. Tanai starts; she probably thought Anna was still asleep. “They’re the ones with doubles, right?” “Yeah,” Gabriel says, also in English. “Ex-Queen, now Senator. Didn’t you ever watch the prequels?” “No, I heard they were shitty.” Gabriel shrugs. “Fair enough. I’m pretty sure I only ever watched the first one.” “ Pretty sure?” They’re debating over the merits of the prequels versus the original trilogy by the time everyone else wakes up; people straggle into the room kitchen and leave as soon as they finish breakfast, to avoid crowding. “I’m going to the Senate with Padmé today,” Anakin says, rapid-fire Amatakka betraying his excitement. “She says if they can shelve the talk about the Military Act thing, I might be able to get a word in.” “Let’s hope you do,” Shmi says. Gabriel’s not sure any of them are very confident about Anakin’s chances, but if he can get something done it’ll be a huge step forward. “The sooner anything happens, the sooner we can get back to Tatooine.” Anna’s migrated to the window, staring out at the bustle of Coruscant. “I’ll come with you,” she says. “I know where the Senate is, and I know this city.” Which of course means Gabriel’s coming, too. Going just about anywhere on Coruscant means passing the imposing Jedi temple, a blank white ziggurat-ish building that rises far above everything else. The Sumerians did it better, Gabriel says to Anna, and a smile passes across her face. I liked the Mayan ones best, she tells him. They way they kept building on top of them, making them better and bigger. Something new. The Senate building is a huge dome, a wide and gradually-curved mushroom head. Gabriel tries not to laugh, but not really. He gets dirty looks from the droid guards, as much as a droid can give someone a dirty look. They’re not allowed into the central chamber, except Anakin. They’d stopped at Padmé’s apartments on the way, so she’s in full Senatorial attire, complete with the bodyguards, and she politely yells the security detail into allowing her to bring Anakin in with her. Gabriel, Anna, and Shmi are left to linger outside. “This is gonna take forever,” Gabriel predicts in Basic, and turns to Anna. “You know any good places to eat nearby?” Anna raises her eyebrows. You don’t need to eat, she reminds him, while saying out loud, “I suppose there’s Dex’s, but I’ve only seen it.” “I’d rather stay,” Shmi says. “We hardly know when we’d need to come back.” “True,” Gabriel acknowledges. “Alright, food later.” They’re there for an hour with no sign of anything happening. Gabriel produces a pack of cards eventually, to stave off boredom. At the two and a half hour mark, a couple Jedi show up. What? Anna asks, when Gabriel’s attention perks up. Shmi looks up, too, because the Jedi aren’t exactly trying to be sneaky; they’re also arguing with the guards, who don’t seem to believe that they’re supposed to be there. “It’s those Jedi that were on Tatooine,” Gabriel says. “That one with the long hair, Jinn. And his apprentice or whatever, Kenobi.” Apparently Qui-Gon doesn’t die halfway through episode one, or maybe something changed. There’s someone else with them who looks like Nick Fury, minus the eyepatch, but Gabriel doesn’t recognize him. Anna raises her eyebrows and gives Obi-Wan a searching look despite the distance separating them. He looks weird young, she notes. Just because you’ve only seen the original trilogy, Gabriel teases. “I wonder what they want here,” Shmi says, unaware of the side conversation. “I wouldn’t think the Jedi were involved in military business. Or Senate business. They’re supposed to be impartial, aren’t they?” “You never know,” Gabriel says. “The Senate’s corrupt, or so I hear. There’s no reason the Jedi couldn’t be, too.” That’s just about when the guy with horns and a double-ended lightsaber drops out of the ceiling. Shmi ducks into an alcove. Gabriel and Anna jump to their feet. The Jedi all ignite their sabers simultaneously, which is why it’s a real surprise when all the guy does is look up and then leap straight back up into the hole he’s left in the tile ceiling. The two groups are left staring at each other for only a second, because a saber blast hits the ground where the Sith was standing only a moment ago. Gabriel’s pretty sure he was a Sith, anyway, isn’t it illegal for Jedi to have red lightsabers or something? Gabriel looks up. Wesell is shooting from one of the balconies, face covered by a cloth mask that hides everything but her eyes. What the fuck, Anna says. I don’t know, but that sniper tried to kill Padmé yesterday, Gabriel says, in the time it takes for the Jedi to look up. I thought I took care of it, but obviously not. She’s got a friend. Damn, he hadn’t considered that Dooku could be on-planet. He’d assumed that it would take at least a day for them to get to the dude and another to get back for revenge and to finish the mission. One Jedi runs for the stairs (Gabriel takes a moment to appreciate his purple lightsaber) while Kenobi follows the Sith into the ceiling (bad move). Shmi slips inside the Senate chamber while the security droids are distracted. Two of them get taken out by neck shots, coming from a different direction than the first. Gabriel would bet the whole planet it’s Fett. Anna spreads her wings, angling for Wesell, but Gabriel stops her. “They’re going after the Sith, so are we,” he says. “Might as well collaborate briefly,” “We are?” Anna says. “Well, he’s the bad guy, I remember that much.” Two more droids fall. A blaster bolt hits the floor very, very close to them. “C’mon, let’s move.” They wait until the Sith comes out of the ceiling. Neither he or Obi-Wan have much space to maneuver in there, so it doesn’t take very long. The Sith immediately takes a swing at Anna, when he sees her. Gabriel shoves Obi-Wan back down with a “Sit this one out, kid,” and joins the fray. The other two Jedi arrive right after Anna blocks his lightsaber with her hand, just in time to see Gabriel gleefully throw him into the wall with only a gesture, quite obviously not using the Force to anybody who was trained to look. He hit the wall hard enough to make a dent, so Gabriel ignores him in favor of Anna, who’s holding her hand stiffly and frowning. That was stupid, he says, but the burn’s already healing. I’d rather have this than be cut in half, Anna retorts, which is fair enough, Gabriel supposes. Obi-Wan finally climbs out of the floor, and ducks almost immediately to avoid the Sith’s lightsaber. Qui-Gon jumps forward. So does purple-lightsaber-Nick-Fury. Anakin, of all people, comes crashing through the doors, completely unarmed. It’s a very confusing fight, in which the two assassins shoot at a lot of people but mostly the Sith until Anna confiscates their guns and knocks them out, but eventually Gabriel spots an opening and kicks the Sith in the head hard enough to knock him out. The Jedi stare, like they weren’t trying to do the exact same thing, basically. Gabriel and the others (minus Padmé, who is still talking to the Senate) are politely asked to stand before the Jedi Council - mostly Anakin and Gabriel, really, but it’s not like Shmi and Anna are just going to wait patiently while the two of them get interrogated by Jedi. So they all go. At the same time. The Council doesn’t seem to appreciate talking to more than one person at the same time, but they can suck it. “But you didn’t use the Force,” says a frustrated Mace Windu, which is purple-lightsaber’s name. They’ve been stuck on this topic for a while now. Anna looks like she’s tuned out. Anakin rolls his eyes; he seems like he’s doing okay, even though a blaster shot glanced his arm and Gabriel’s absolutely going to heal that as soon as there’s time. Obi-Wan, lingering in the back with Qui-Gon, keeps shooting Anakin curious looks. Both of them are a little beat up, too, but everyone made it out without major injuries. Including Anna and him, who made it out without any. “No, which we’ve already established,” Gabriel says. “Several times.” “But say how you did it, you will not,” Yoda - actual fuckin’ Yoda - says. He’s much smaller in person. “It’s a talent that’s common in my species.” “Say what your species is, you also will not.” “Why’s it your business?” Gabriel asks. “I’d think you’d be more worried about the Sith and the assassins. I mean, I’m flattered that I warrant a whole Council session to myself, but yikes.” “The Sith isn’t talking,” one of the more alien members says. Gabriel has no idea who or what he is. “The two shooters escaped in transit to a detention facility-” “Oh come on, ” Gabriel protests. “How?” Anakin demands. “Shouldn’t you be more worried about things like this, when they attacked the Senate and a bunch of your own people? In fact-” He shoves his way in front of Gabriel, in the spotlight of the council’s attention. “-this kind of lax governing is why I came here in the first place! The state of the Republic’s presence in the Outer Rim-” Gabriel steps back. If Anakin had low chances of convincing the Senate, he’s got nothing with the Jedi. Not even Yoda, probably. It takes forty minutes (by Gabriel’s admittedly wonky internal clock) before the Jedi Council manage to get a word in between Anakin attempting to rip them open over not doing their job as the galaxy’s peacekeepers and also not doing anything about the Senate so blatantly misusing their powers and not doing their jobs properly. It’s very amusing. “Enough!” Windu gets in eventually. “I don’t know who you think you are, padawan-” “Padawan?” Anakin frowns, momentarily derailed. “I’m not a Jedi. And you can’t ignore-” “But your Force signature-” “What about it?” The entire Council stares. Gabriel laughs for so long internally that Anna tells him to be quiet because he’s distracting her. “Councillors, if I may,” Qui-Gon says, stepping forward. “This man is from Tatooine, in the Outer Rim. I encountered him several years ago while keeping Queen Amidala safe during the incident with the Trade Federation.” “Yes, Master Qui-Gon, we gathered where he was from,” one of the alien council members said dryly. “If you encountered this boy, why didn’t you bring him back?” “Hang on,” Anakin tries to protest. “I was forbidden from broaching the topic with him,” Qui-Gon says coolly, “by him.” He turns to Gabriel, quite dramatically. “And I stand by that decision,” Gabriel says, smiling at him. “You haven’t shown me anything that makes me regret it. He’s done fine on his own. If you want him now, talk to him and his mother.” There’s a lot of yelling until Anakin manages to be louder than the whole Council combined. “Why do you care?” Anakin demands. “You’re mad that you didn’t get to teach me yourselves? You’re derailing the conversation-” “Force-sensitive children must be taught by Jedi masters,” one of them with a very tall head retorts. “Unsafe, it is,” Yoda says. “Well obviously not, ” Anakin says, “since I know how to use the Force just fine without ever having met any of you!” “Angry, you are,” Yoda observes. “Much you do not know. Emotional.” “Yeah, because apparently you’d all rather talk about a nineteen-year-old’s emotional state than the wellbeing of the people you’re supposed to protect,” Gabriel says. “But, y’know, to each their own.” “Don’t try to lecture us,” Windu snaps. “You’re the ones who brought me here in the first place,” Gabriel replies. “And it’s real hypocritical of you to talk about Anakin being ‘emotional’ while you’re all losing your minds because you didn’t get to teach him.” That makes them all shift uncomfortably, but at least they’re not yelling anymore. “Teach him, you did,” Yoda says, giving Gabriel an almost curious look. “But use the Force yourself, you do not.” “As I’ve mentioned, yeah,” Gabriel says. “Doesn’t take a Force-user to teach a kid how to use power responsibly. He’s a smart kid.” “It’s not about power alone,” Windu says, still sounding frustrated. Gabriel whistles. “If I didn’t know better, I’d say you sounded a little angry, councillor. How’s that little saying go? Anger leads to the dark side or something?” Windu glares at him. Yoda peers at Gabriel. “Leading to disharmony, the Council is,” he says. “Master Qui-Gon, talk to them yourself, you could.” “What?” Qui-Gon looks startled. “Reconvene later, we will,” Yoda says, and that seems to be the end of that. “I suppose there’s room in my apartments,” Qui-Gon says, as they’re unceremoniously escorted out of the Council rooms. “Nah,” Gabriel says. “Where’s the nearest restaurant with private rooms?” It turns out Coruscant has quite a lot of those. It’s a little awkward, the four of them packed in with two Jedi. Anna is jittery, even though she’s sitting at the edge of the booth, not sandwiched in between anyone. Gabriel doesn’t think it’s the crowded space - everywhere in Coruscant is crowded. But he tries to send her soothing vibes, or whatever. “So why is it such a big deal that I wasn’t taught here?” Anakin asks. “I really am fine. I can control the Force and stuff.” “It isn’t just about power,” Qui-Gon says. “The reason Force-sensitive children are trained from such a young age is so they can grow up with the history of the Jedi. Unless you’re part of the Temple there’s no way to access those decades history or philosophy, much less the Code.” “The Code?” Qui-Gon recites it very seriously, right there in the booth. “That sounds stupid,” Anakin says. “You can’t just turn off your emotions. You teach this to children?” “It’s not turning them off,” Obi-Wan protests. “Ignoring them?” Gabriel suggests. “Refusing to acknowledge that feeling things is a legitimate thing that happens to most sentient species?” “The Jedi are impartial,” Qui-Gon says stiffly. “It would not do to allow emotions to get in the way of doing one’s job.” “Yeah, you’re doing really well at that second part,” Anakin mutters. “ And, ” Qui-Gon continues, as if Anakin hasn’t spoken, “children without proper supervision are often in far greater danger of falling to the dark side.” “Excuse me?” Shmi says dangerously. “You think we haven’t given him proper supervision? Just what exactly are you trying to say, because I think I’d rather you said it plainly!” Qui-Gon, wisely, immediately tries to backpedal. “Supervision from those versed in the Force and the Code, of course, to look out for signs of possible-” “Possible what? ” Shmi demands. “Signs of a child turning to the dark side? Whatever the hell that is?” “Dark side is Sith,” Gabriel supplies. “Like mister red lightsaber.” Shmi turns a vaguely murderous look on Qui-Gon. “That is not what I meant,” Qui-Gon says quickly. “Of course a child would never turn fully to the dark side unless guided by outside forces, but-” “I’d stop while you’re ahead,” Gabriel advises. Shmi’s still glaring. “Living on the Outer Rim doesn’t mean I’m incapable of teaching a child basic morals,” she says frostily. “I wasn’t-” “Master, please,” mutters Obi-Wan, looking thoroughly embarrassed. “You’re not going to change their minds.” Qui-Gon gives Obi-Wan a frustrated look, but doesn’t try and finish his sentence. “Besides,” Obi-Wan says, turning to Anakin, “I don’t see why everyone’s causing such a fuss. It’s a shame you weren’t taught, but you’re over thirteen - they wouldn’t agree to teach you even if you wanted to.” Shmi looks at Gabriel like’s she’s trying to say Can you fucking believe this. “Your Order sounds like a mess,” Anakin informs him. “It’s not that bad,” Obi-Wan protests. “I am sorry about the situation on your home planet. I didn’t know things were like that on Tatooine.” “No one in the Core does,” Anakin grumbles. “That’s the problem. I was at the Senate to try and talk to them about it, but I never got the chance.” “Really?” Obi-Wan looks taken aback. “How did you manage that?” “Oh, Padmé brought me with her, she said she might be able to arrange for me to speak.” “Senator Amidala?” Qui-Gon asks. “You know her?” Oh, practically Biblically, Gabriel says to Anna, who has to quickly stifle a laugh. She mentally pokes Gabriel for laughing at her for faces she ends up making. “We’ve met,” Anakin says. “She was with you when you came to Tatooine, wasn’t she?” “Yes,” Obi-Wan says thoughtfully. “She was Queen then, though, not a Senator.” “Wait, what?” Anakin boggles. “I thought she was a handmaiden!” “Decoys, Anakin,” Gabriel says, trying not to laugh. Anakin slumps back in his seat, looking thoroughly astonished. “Queen,” he repeats. “But she’s only in her twenties now!” “She was a very popular queen, for a fourteen-year-old,” Qui-Gon volunteers. “I believe the Naboo were particularly enamoured of her, especially after she brought them safely out of that disaster with the Trade Federation. There was talk of changing their constitution so she could serve another term.” “As...queen?” Gabriel frowns. “They elect their monarchs, on Naboo,” Obi-Wan tells him. “Huh! How democratic.” That’s actually the most interesting news Gabriel’s heard since he got here. Democratically-elected Queens! What an idea. He should send the Naboo some congratulations. “You must still be new to Coruscant, though,” Obi-Wan says. “Well, sort of,” Anakin says. “It took a while to sort out seeing the Senate, since Padmé kept getting threatened.” “Nasty business,” Qui-Gon agrees. “I wonder who hired those assassins. I heard rumors that the two shooters at the Senate were there for her, but of course we can’t confirm that now.” Gabriel says nothing about Count Dooku. He manages to mostly stop himself from smiling (inappropriate timing) but Obi-Wan glances at him, frowning a little. When they eventually part ways, Anakin is in possession of a holocom number to call ‘just in case’, and Obi-Wan has theirs (Gabriel didn’t know they owned a holocom). Kitser is practically bouncing off the walls, he’s so eager to hear what happened (“I’m never staying home ever again.”). He seems to like Anna, too, but Gabriel can’t parse out her opinion of him. Anna drifts very easily. She flies off and Gabriel will find her three planets away, or darting invisibly around Coruscant’s air traffic. Gabriel usually trails along with her until she’s ready to go back. They’re out of the house a lot. Gabriel doubts anyone there minds, given the mild lack of space. Then again, one time they get back and everyone’s panicking over a message from Obi-Wan about a droid army on Geonosis. Gabriel and Anna take them straight there, just to see what’s going on. There are an awful lot of droids, as it turns out. Anakin steals a blaster as soon as he can and starts picking them off. “Hold on,” Obi-Wan says, yelling over the sound of the droids firing back. “I don’t know how you got here so fast - but someone needs to take your ship and go to Kamino!” “Why?” Tanai yells back. It turns out her staff is very good at electrocuting droids that get too close, and the Geonosians too, if it’s wedged between their protective plating or exoskeletons in the right place. “There’s a clone army,” Obi-Wan says, and Gabriel’s blood freezes. Clones. That was important. That was the thing he hadn’t looked through his memories closely enough to remember. “On Kamino - they say a Jedi ordered them to be the Republic’s army, but Sifo-Dyas has been dead for years, he can’t have - and there’s thousands of them. Maybe millions.” Anakin nearly gets hit because he’s frozen in shock. “Where is this place?” Gabriel demands. “Beyond the Outer Rim, even the Rishi Maze - I don’t know how long it’ll take you to get there, but someone has to.” Gabriel turns around, but Anna is already gone. “Shit,” he says, but there’s still droids - and he can’t leave Tanai. He can’t. Anna will be fine. She was fine before they found each other, she’ll be fine now. Tell me if you need me, he says to her. He gets no reply, but he’s a little busy to start worrying about it. The Geonosians have a lot of droids, but they’re not prepared for Gabriel. They have a couple very large creatures locked away for what looks like cage matches that they let loose, but Anakin and Obi-Wan immediately set upon them. Gabriel decides that they can probably handle it. There’s bits of droids everywhere and occasionally bits of Geonosian, from when they got in Obi-Wan’s way. Obi-Wan himself is yelling into a comm at the Jedi Temple, telling them to get there fast but he keeps getting derailed by someone else yelling back (what a surprise). Anakin’s sitting off to the side with Shmi, who had held the comms room admirably with Kitser’s help. Most of them are a little banged up, with the exception of Gabriel. Tanai’s nursing a bad blaster hit; Gabriel gently puts a hand on her shoulder, and the skin knits back together, smooth and uninjured. “Just like when we met,” she jokes, but sobers when she sees Gabriel’s expression. “What? Is it the Jedi?” “Anna,” he says, and Tanai’s face closes off a little. What? “Something’s wrong.” “Prophetic foreboding again?” Tanai asks. “Something like that.” Anna hasn’t said a single thing, not even to tell him she’s okay or that she doesn’t need help. “Well, go, then.” Kamino is not difficult to find. He’s looking for Anna, not the planet. He wonders how she found it, but she was on Coruscant for a while; maybe she knows where the Rishi Maze is, or maybe she’s been to this planet before. Gabriel lands in a hallway, just inside the ship landing pad (that’s what it looks like, at least). Everything’s pristine and white, and the ceiling is much taller than the average human needs. Gabriel doesn’t like it, and that’s before he finds the blood. It turns that Kaminoan blood is an odd sort of greenish color. Gabriel thinks the Kaminoans must have attacked, to protect their clones, when he starts seeing unnaturally tall alien bodies; but a little ways after that, there’s drops of human red. Oh, Anna. He’s not even sure if he’s saying it to her or just thinking. Either way, she doesn’t respond. There are no human bodies. There are plenty of humans that Gabriel can sense. Gabriel passes fetuses in creepy, artificial wombs that are more like bottles; hundreds of them suspend outside the kind of catwalk that has windows specifically to look at them. There are facilities down below, but they look disorderly, hastily abandoned. There are chairs tipped over, pieces of Stormtrooper-white armor scattered on the floor. Wherever the clones are, they’re hiding. He finds Anna in a blindingly white room. There’s a Kaminoan slumped over in his chair, eyes closed. She’s curled up, face pressed to her knees, hands curled in her hair like claws. Just opening the door makes her jerk. Gabriel has to bat away the power she flings at him. “Anna,” he says, and she lashes out at him again, fingers clawing deeper into her hair. Anna, it’s me ! Slightly desperate, Gabriel snaps his fingers. The lights in the room turn off. It’s dark and almost black without them, since this seems to be the one room in the whole place without any windows. Anna breathes in sharply, deeply. Anna, Gabriel tries again, but she still doesn’t say anything. He’d visited her, when she was human, scared and hearing voices. Once before that, too, passing by on the campus where she was on a college tour. Anna Milton liked - likes - photography and science in the way people who don’t want to be scientists like it, and entertained vague thoughts of becoming an astronomy major. She never wrote anything except essays, but poetry gave her the good kind of goosebumps. Hey, Gabriel says softly, crouching down next to her. He can’t think of what to say, so he sings. At first it’s just humming, noise that isn’t even really noise vibrating along their shared headspace. When Anna seems to uncurl a little, relaxes, Gabriel finds the words in Enochian instead of English. Oh raven, do lend me your eyes, and show me my fate, so I may survive. That might not be the greatest choice. Gabriel switches tracks. Hey, brother, there’s an endless road to rediscover. Hey, sister, know the water’s sweet but blood is thicker. It’s too dark for any to human to see, but Gabriel can. Anna turns her head to the side to look at him. There’s something dark and frantic in her eyes. Oh, if the sky comes falling down, for you, there’s nothing in this world I wouldn’t do. Gabriel finishes the refrain. Anna’s a staticky presence on the other end of their connection, refusing to stay still, but she slows down a little, enough that Gabriel carefully reaches out and pulls her hands away from her head. I forgot where I was, Anna says. It looked like- You don’t have to tell me, Gabriel says. It’s okay. He’s not sure how many Kaminoans are dead, but the clones seem mostly alright. There wasn’t that much red blood. There’s something wrong with me, Anna says. She sounds scared. No, there isn’t, Gabriel says. You’re hurt. That’s different. They didn’t do anything, Anna says. But the clones - they changed them to make them more obedient, made them grow up too fast so they could make more so they could go off and die for a Republic they’ve never seen- Sounds like they’ve done plenty, then, Gabriel says. It’s not like the clones got a choice in this. Not from what he’s seen, or remembers. Anna doesn’t uncurl. I didn’t mean to, she says. I didn’t mean to hurt the clones, but they shot at me. It’s fine. I don’t think you hurt anyone very badly, Gabriel reassures her. Anna doesn’t look or feel convinced. She still feels like a mess of static, but it’s lessening, slowly. I don’t like this place, she says. Neither do I, Gabriel says. Neither of them say that it’s almost as blinding white as - well, not home, not anymore. Gabriel reaches out and kills the lights in the whole facility. I changed them back, Anna says. I fixed what was done to them. It was in their genes , Gabriel. Is that why they shot? They were scared? Gabriel reaches out and gently takes Anna’s hand. She doesn’t protest, and her fingers tighten around his almost painfully. You were scared, too. There was nothing to be scared of. That doesn’t mean you aren’t allowed to be. You’re looking at this like I’m a human, Anna says. Why shouldn’t I? You were. That gives a person habits, especially in the brain. Gabriel stokes a thumb over the back of her hand. Especially when they’ve held as tight as you have to your soul. Anna presses a hand to her chest, fingers curling in and bunching up her shirt. I thought I lost it, once, she says. I thought they took it. But they didn’t, says Gabriel. What do you say we leave and go talk somewhere else? Anna nods, and uncurls, standing without even glancing at the dead Kaminoan. They spend a long time lurking in the depths of space. There’s not a lot in the Outer Rim, not even ships, just galaxies and stars in the distance. Almost everything in space is in the distance, unless you’re right next to whatever you’re looking at. When they go back to the apartment, there’s nobody there. Gabriel had made sure of it before they entered, but he reaches out again, wondering where they’ve all gone. They’re at the Jedi Temple, for some reason. Probably got dragged there to stand before the Council again. Gabriel tries to figure out how long he’s been gone. A day? Two? A week? How does Coruscant time even work? Surely it can’t have been that long, if they’re at the Temple presumably getting interrogated about what happened. Gabriel makes a third room in the apartment, through some severe disregard for the laws of space and physics in general, and lets Anna have it to herself. She bangs around in there for a little, probably redecorating, and then goes quiet. Gabriel sets up watch in the living room and waits. He senses them coming from blocks away - he would’ve noticed sooner, but Coruscant’s just so full of people that it’s harder to tell. Gabriel counts absentmindedly - Tanai, Shmi, Kitser, Anakin, Obi-Wan even. Only Padmé’s missing, probably because there won’t be space for her. Gabriel keeps his spot on the sofa, staring at the opposite wall. The door opens. The conversation among them falters. “You!” Obi-Wan says. “What the hell did you do?” Gabriel glances over at them. Obi-Wan had opened the door and appears to be frozen in place, keeping the rest of them outside. “Do what?” Gabriel asks. “Don’t play dumb,” Obi-Wan snaps. Someone shoves him further inside, and they all pile in. Shmi locks the door behind them. “What happened on Kamino?” “The investigative forces ‘round here must really be lacking if you couldn’t figure that out by now,” Gabriel says languidly, chin propped in his hand. Obi-Wan alone looks really furious. The Tatooinians in the room are just watching, though Shmi’s thin-lipped and frustrated in a tangible way. Gabriel doesn’t think it’s at him. “The clones aren’t talking,” Anakin volunteers. “They barricaded themselves in and only let anyone go in to take away the dead Kaminoans. They’re refusing to fight.” “Good for them,” Gabriel says. “And the Kaminoans?” Obi-Wan demands. “What did you do?” “You’re smart,” Gabriel says, in what he privately thinks of as his ‘Trickster’ voice. “What do you think I did?” Obi-Wan’s jaw clenches. “You and that girl need to come before the Council, immediately,” he says. “Anna has nothing to do with this.” Gabriel stands up. He’s only just barely taller than Obi-Wan, but he manages to loom anyway. Obi-Wan doesn’t give him the pleasure of leaning away from him. “And what’s the Council going to do? Yell at me? Tell me off while they sit on the knowledge that they intended to use a clone army that was never given a choice about whether or not they wanted to fight?” “The Jedi didn’t order that army,” Obi-Wan bites out. “Would that have stopped them from using it?” Gabriel leans closer. “Be honest, now. That was another army on Geonosis. Someone was planning to use it. Someone also created an army for the Republic. If those droids were still active, would the Republic have taken the clones? ” Obi-Wan swallows. “Maybe they still want that army,” Gabriel murmurs. “That someone who made both is still out there. Maybe they’d like a nice, well-brainwashed - oh, sorry, trained - army to track those people down for them, and maybe they’d keep them around, just in case it happened again.” “That doesn’t mean you get to kill the Kaminoans and get away with it,” Obi-Wan hisses. “The Kaminoans were slavers who were so desperate to subjugate someone they grew their own slaves,” Gabriel retorted, sharp as a knife. Obi-Wan’s eyes flick to Anakin and the others, widening slightly in realization. Now, he understands. “I don’t care if someone asked them to do it. They genetically manipulated millions because someone paid them to, genetically altered them and never gave them a choice in their life. Did you notice the babies?” He’s viciously pleased to see Obi-Wan wince, a tiny bit. “Do you think they deserved justice for that?” “They are living, sentient beings,” Obi-Wan says, practically vibrating with fury. “They deserved to be brought to justice . That was not your decision!” “And your Council would have done that?” “The Senate would-” Gabriel tilts his head back and laughs, short and sharp. “The Senate? I believe we’ve already proved the Senate doesn’t care about slaves! What was that thing Padmé was talking about - the Military Creation Act? You know, the one that authorizes them to have huge standing armies? A little too much of a coincidence, don’t’cha think.” Obi-Wan falters. “That’s still not your decision to make,” he says. “You don’t get to decide that they deserved death.” “Too late.” “You can’t do that!” “Who’s going to stop me?” Gabriel demands, leaning into Obi-Wan’s space again. “ You? ” “If I have to.” Gabriel smiles. It’s more than a baring of teeth. He’s laughing at Obi-Wan’s presumption, and he wants him to know it. “You can try,” he says. “Go home, boy. You’re out of your league.” Obi-Wan opens his mouth, but Anakin interrupts. “Don’t, Obi-Wan,” he says. “Not now. It’s not gonna go anywhere.” Obi-Wan gives him an almost furious look. He turns on his heel and leaves, slamming the door behind him. “Loki,” Tanai says softly. “I’m not interested in being lectured more tonight,” Gabriel mutters, flopping back down onto the sofa. “I’m not interested in lecturing.” Tanai sits down next to him. “Why?” Shmi asks. “Why do you think ?” Gabriel scoffs. “I don’t know. You’re the kind to have more than one motive.” Gabriel shrugs. “Not today.” Shmi lingers, like she’d like to say more, but whatever’s on her mind she doesn’t voice. Anakin and Kitser edge out of the room, and eventually she follows them. Tanai just sits there like she’s waiting for Gabriel to say something. “Is this how it’s going to be?” She asks. “How what’s going to be? Our time on Coruscant? It does seem to be rather rife with danger.” “You and Anna,” Tanai says. “I’m not stupid. She left first.” Gabriel does not look at her. “I don’t know what you’re trying to say.” “If it was you, you did it very quickly,” Tanai says. She pauses, and then asks, “Is it because she’s your real sister?” “Why the fu - I don’t think that!” Gabriel twists to face her. Tanai looks like she’s very determinedly staying calm. “She shows up, and suddenly you have no time for the rest of us?” Tanai asks. “That’s not-” Gabriel falters. He has been spending a lot of time with Anna - but he’s had nineteen years with Tanai and like, a week with Anna! “You didn’t grow up on Tatooine,” Tanai says, when he doesn’t finish. “I’m not going to blame you for thinking that. But don’t try tell me I’m imagining things or anything like that. She showed up and you connected with her like she’d been here the whole time.” “My species is telepathic,” Gabriel says. “It’s not personal, it’s just more automatic and less hassle than talking out loud.” Tanai actually looks surprised by that. Gabriel plows on. “I didn’t know she was here. I didn’t know any of my siblings were here. I ran away, I thought - the fact that Anna’s here and actually acknowledging me as family and willingly interacting with me is something I thought I gave up a long time ago. It’s not-” He gestures vaguely at his head. “-quiet up here, anymore.” Tanai looks down at her lap. “I guess you expect an apology.” “What? Of course not,” Gabriel says. “You’re my sister too. I should’ve made time for both of you. Anna’s just...been through a lot. I wanted to be there for her. I’ve been with you for ages, Tanai, I didn’t think you’d take it this way.” Tanai leans against the back of the sofa. She doesn’t say anything for a moment, and then, “Telepathic? Really?” “Sometimes I accidentally start sharing my entire train of thought and she has to yell at me to shut up,” Gabriel says. Tanai snorts. “That sounds like you.” She sits up a little straighter. “When you say she’s ‘been through a lot’...?” “I have my suspicions,” Gabriel says, a little more serious. “Anna’s...a lot like me. And I told you why I never tried to go back to them.” Tanai looks at him sharply, surprised. “You think your other siblings did something?” “I don’t know,” Gabriel says. “I haven’t asked and I don’t plan to. I wish I could say there’s no way they could’ve.” It’s his turn to slump back, now. “Anna’s one of the only non-jerk family members I have, and at the moment the other members of that group are you, the guys back on Tatooine, and one other who I haven’t spoken to properly in ages.” Not like Castiel could find him here, anyway. “One other?” Gabriel waved her question away. “Not much of a chance of him showing up.” “Would you have said that about Anna, before you found her?” Gabriel smiles wryly. “It’s nice of you, but there really isn’t.” It really, really isn’t likely. In the morning, no one brings up Obi-Wan or Kamino, and Anakin says, “I don’t think this will work. I want to go home.” Gabriel puts a little extra money down on the last bit of rent (it’s not his, but it’s not meant to stay his, so whatever). They retrace their steps back through Coruscant, to the spaceport, onto the shuttle; now plus one more person. Something in all of them but Anna relaxes a little when Tatooine looms, orange and sandy as ever, in the windows. Everyone’s still there. Suna and Kinla, Taalo and Nevu, Tena and Siha and Reja. Nothing’s been catastrophically destroyed and they haven’t been in any more danger than is normal for a pivotal group of people working on the freedom trail. The wards are still there, untouched. Anna seems entirely bewildered at how they bring her seamlessly into the group with only a few questions (mostly “I didn’t know you had another sister, where’s she from?” which was easily satisfied by saying he’d found her on Coruscant). Gabriel knows the feeling. It’s a little disorienting, to establish the faintest link of a relationship to one person and then find yourself a member of a whole group. Also, the entire planet is a desert, which is very, very different from both Coruscant and Earth. “It reminds me of Sumer,” Anna says. Their house is backed up against/built into a rock face that extends up to a huge height, and they’re perched at the very top. “All the sand. And the emptiness.” “The Tuskens are out there, somewhere,” Gabriel remarks. “Never met them. Local attitude towards them seemed to be...mixed.” “What a surprise.” Anna glanced at him. “What do you think of?” “At this point it reminds me of Tatooine,” Gabriel says. “But yeah, I thought of Sumer. Not much chance of running into Abraham out here, though. They’ve got other gods.” “You’ve run into them ?” Anna raises her eyebrows. “C’mon, I told you what I was doing all those centuries. Gods know how to recognize one other. Even when the other is from a different universe,” Gabriel allowed. “Ekkreth’s not so bad. He’s the local trickster.” He pauses, and then, “Anakin’s a favorite of his mother’s.” Anna frowns. “Shmi, or...?” “Ekkreth’s mother. Well, they call her Ar-Amu, so she’s like... everyone’s mother, indirectly.” “Huh,” Anna says. They’ve both got plenty of experience with prophets and chosen ones. Gabriel’s not surprised by the low-key reaction. “Does he know?” “His mother does, probably. I dunno what she’s said to him about it, if anything.” “Seems like something someone should tell him about,” Anna says. Gabriel thinks about the meaning of Anakin’s name. “Nah,” he says, “it’ll pan out eventually. I’m a god, I know these things.” “Careful, Gabriel,” Anna says. “That’s blasphemy, you know.” They both last about .03 seconds before bursting into laughter. “Don’t just say things like that,” Gabriel gasps. “Holy shit, blasphemy. Oh, oh no, I did it again, Anna, help.” Anna’s too busy cracking up. “Imagine,” she wheezes, “Imagine if Castiel’d heard that - his face. ” Personally, just about any angel overhearing that joke would make a hilarious face. Michael might run the risk of getting a little bit smitey, but Michael wasn’t here now, was he. “D’you - d’you think he’d do that little squint,” Gabriel says, simultaneously giving Anna a mental picture of it, “you know - where you know he’s like, just on the verge of getting it-” Anna deepens her voice to imitate Castiel without perfectly mimicking him. “I don’t understand, blasphemy is a serious issue-” She doesn’t make it past ‘understand’ before she starts laughing again, too hard to be understood. Gabriel catches her before she falls off the lip of the rock face; she’s laughing so hard she’s bent double and leaning a little too far forward. He flops backwards, still giggling. “If they could see us now,” Anna says, once they’ve both calmed down a little, and she sounds smug about it. “Hell yeah,” Gabriel says, getting the message behind it. He raises his fist. Anna bumps it with her own obligingly. “Hey, Loki?” Someone shouts from down below. Gabriel hauls himself upright and spreads his wings. Anna’s only a hairsbreadth behind, time- and space-wise, and the sand poofs up around their feet when they land. Suna barely blinks. “Have you seen Anakin?” She asks. “He’s not back from Mos Eisley yet.” “When did he leave?” “Hours ago.” Suspicious. Gabriel squints at the horizon. “Is that just me,” he says after a moment, “or does that look like the beginnings of a sandstorm to you?” It’s not just him. Anakin is not home by the time the sandstorm hits their house. Anna wants to go out looking for him, but Gabriel has a Feeling™ about this storm that he usually only gets around Ekkreth. There’s something different about this storm. Something that tells Gabriel that it’s more than just unexpected weather. Anakin may be out in it, but maybe he’s meant to be. They both stay inside, with everyone else. There’s nothing the rest of them can do about it, but no one seems comfortable with that. They’re all crowded in the main room. Kinla tries to fix a tiny machine that’s supposed to work in conjunction with the holocom and make it harder to trace so they can contact people, but she lets it fall to the side without doing much. Tena keeps fiddling with the ends of her lekku, like someone twisting their hair. Suna and Tanai sit near Gabriel with their heads bent close together, trying to figure out a way to know where Anakin is. They don’t get anywhere. Kitser stays near the door, sitting on the floor, a tiny japor charm in his hands that Gabriel suspects Anakin made for him. When Taalo opens the door once they’re sure the sandstorm has passed, a bunch of sand spills inside. They spend the rest of the afternoon cleaning off the various, slightly treacherous paths that lead to their door. A freedom trail can’t have its roads blocked. Also, they need to be able to get out. Anakin shows up at sunset. A little pale, a little sandier than usual. Shmi, who’s been keeping watch by the doors, jumps up and hugs him tight. “The sandstorm-” Anakin begins. “It’s fine,” Shmi says. “I’m glad you’re alright.” “No, mom-” Anakin glanced around, taking in all the anxious faces of people who had been hovering nervously, waiting for him to come home. “Something happened.” If ‘something’ was named Ar-Amu, she certainly had, in much the same way she’d ‘happened’ to Shmi. Ar-Amu came to Anakin in the desert, and gave him a mission. Gabriel got there first, maybe, but he hasn’t freed everyone on Tatooine; not even close. Maybe this is why. It was never his purpose. Siha shakes his head in disbelief and sits down, practically thunderstruck, not even a minute into Anakin’s explanation. Only Shmi isn’t surprised, and Tanai doesn’t seem like she is either. Most of them receive the news of Ar-Amu’s new message well; it’s only when Shmi reveals the visions she’d had, just before getting pregnant with Anakin, that even Tanai sits down for a minute to process it. Are you getting Moses vibes or is that just me? Gabriel asks Anna. Maybe it’s the desert. It’s not you, Anna replies. You never mentioned this before? I did , like five hours ago, remember? Besides, no one else here knows who Moses is. Gabriel goes to Anakin, when most people have gone to bed but it becomes apparent that he’s not going to. “You weren’t surprised,” Anakin says. “Why not?” “‘Cause I kinda noticed that you were a powerful kid,” Gabriel says. “You may not use the Force that much, but you’ve got it, and a lot of it. Stands to reason there’s a reason for that.” Anakin turns to look at him. “I’m just realizing how strange you are,” he says. “How did you know it was the Force?” “What else would it have been? You were moving stuff without touching it.” “It could have been magic,” Anakin says. “You’re from Tatooine. Why the Force and not...assuming I’d been blessed?” “I’m not from Tatooine,” Gabriel laughs, and Anakin actually looks startled. “I mean, I am now, but not originally. Is that what you’ve always thought? I was only here for a few years before you were born.” Anakin opens his mouth and closes it. He looks at Gabriel very closely, like that will reveal whatever answers he’s looking for. “What?” Gabriel asks. “Did She say something about me?” He’s joking, not expecting Anakin to say, “I don’t know.” Gabriel pauses. “As in there was something you didn’t catch, or...?” “I don’t know who she was talking about,” Anakin says, “but I might have an idea.” “...What exactly did she say?” Anakin looks at him for a long, long time. “Have you done this before?” He asks. Gabriel thinks of what he’d told Anna, of Ekkreth sitting somewhere eavesdropping with a grin. “Maybe,” Gabriel says. “You remind me of a guy I knew a long time ago.” “But I’m not anyone special,” Anakin says. “I’m not a prophet, or - I don’t know what I’m supposed to do.” “Who does?” Gabriel didn’t say prophet, but he wonders at Anakin’s word choice. “Doesn’t mean you can’t do whatever’s been asked of you.” “The man I remind you of,” Anakin asks, sounding almost desperate. “What did he do?” “This isn’t the same situation,” Gabriel says. “You can’t copy him. This is a personal thing, Anakin. Some things you need to struggle through on your own.” “You’re being purposefully unhelpful,” Anakin accuses. “I’m a professional at that,” Gabriel says with a grin, even though the lights are off for some reason (Anakin’s going through a phase, maybe) and the only light is the moonlight coming through the open door. “This isn’t my planet, Anakin. These aren’t my gods. I’m the last person you should be asking.” “But you’ve done this before. ” “I watched,” Gabriel says. “Why d’you think I was so proactive about it this time?” Anakin looks taken aback, and for a moment, furious. “ Watched? Why?” “Because my brother forbade us from doing anything else.” “What for? Didn’t he know?” “He did,” Gabriel says. “He said it wasn’t our purpose. That our Father had given that man a purpose, and it wasn’t our job to do it for him. That we shouldn’t interfere in human affairs.” When Anakin says nothing, he says, “Really, I always thought of my Father as more of a mother, but you can’t change how humans’ll conceptualize and gender these things. But hey, in terms of Mothers, you’re already doing better than me.” “Are you talking about Mom,” Anakin asks slowly, “Or Ar-Amu?” “Both.” “Did you listen to your brother, when he told you not to interfere?” “Yes.” “Why?” “Because I was afraid,” Gabriel admits. “That he might be telling the truth when he said our Father didn’t want us to, and of what he might do if I didn’t.” Anakin is silent for a fair amount of time after that. He opens his mouth to speak, but Gabriel isn’t paying attention. There’s a familiar presence approaching; someone he’s only met before on Tatooine. Anakin notices, looks in the same direction; but to him, it’s just the door, sand and rock outside. “What?” He asks. “Nothing,” Gabriel says. Then - “If you want answers, you’d have better luck outside.” “What?” Anakin repeats, bewildered. He glances between Gabriel and the door. “Just go outside and hope a sandstorm hits?” “Not a sandstorm,” Gabriel says. He takes a few steps backwards; if he doesn’t at least pretend to go to bed, Tanai will start wondering where he is. “Good luck, Skywalker,” he says, giving Anakin a two-fingered salute. Anakin will figure it out. Gabriel trusts the kid. Besides, he’s got all of them behind him. Gabriel’s not going to chance it by asking what could go wrong, but he can’t help but think that everything should turn out okay. Notes: And that's the end of the prequels! I feel like some of it may be a little rushed, but whatever. It's not meant to be a comprehensive tale, just a story; and this is a good ending point. The clones probably did alright for themselves. There's a lot of them, after all, enough to convince everybody else to leave them the fuck alone. Whatever they do next, regardless, is their choice. If you like, imagine that most of these people - Tanai, Shmi, all the others - ended up meeting anyway at various points on the Freedom Trail. Tanai, even without Gabriel, would have made her way out of that cave for sure. Imagine what she'd have done. Imagine the kind of figure she might have become. Or maybe wonder whether Anakin ended up succeeding at his quest or not. If you are at all familiar with the story of Moses, I think you can guess. Comment, please! Notes: comment, please!