The whole thing was really Ben’s fault, he supposed, since it was his idea to show B.B. The Nightmare Before Christmas. Even though Ben and Poe had been together for almost eight months, Poe’s little brother still hadn’t really warmed up to Ben, and Ben thought maybe a Halloween movie night with Poe and B.B. around the start of October would get him into the kid’s good graces. So one Friday night when the air was just starting to turn cool and the back-to-school displays in the stores had changed to racks of Halloween costumes and candy, Ben brought his Blu-ray of the movie over to Poe’s house. The three of them sat on the sofa in Poe’s living room, Poe in the middle with Ben on one side of him and B.B. on the other, and a large bowl of popcorn on Poe’s lap. Normally, Ben would have resented sharing Poe with anyone, even Poe’s own little brother, but the situation was tolerable since they were watching one of Ben’s favorite movies, and since he could grope the side of Poe’s thigh under the cover of the popcorn bowl. Poe swatted his hand away at first, and Ben gave up and got engrossed in the movie. . . but then, halfway through, Poe grabbed Ben’s hand and put it back on his thigh. Being more interested in feeling up his boyfriend than in seeing Jack Skellington save Christmas for the billionth time, Ben didn’t complain. As for Ben’s plan to get on B.B.’s good side, it worked. . . sort of. True, the movie enthralled B.B., and after it was over, he stared at Ben and breathed, “That was awesome.” Ben yanked his hand out of B.B.’s brother’s lap and nodded. “Yeah, glad you liked it,” he muttered. “Can we watch it again?” asked B.B. Shit , thought Ben, who had big plans for what he was going to do to Poe as soon as they were alone in Poe’s room. Thankfully, Poe replied, “It’s already past your bedtime, buddy. Go say good night to Mom,” and ignored his brother’s complaints. B.B. sighed and trudged off to Mrs. Dameron’s room, and Ben leaned over to kiss Poe. The fact that Poe tasted like popcorn and Coke didn’t bother Ben in the least. “Mmpgh,” said Poe around Ben’s tongue. He set the popcorn bowl, empty except for a few unpopped kernels, on the coffee table then put both hands in Ben’s hair and kissed him back. When Poe sat back, he was smiling at Ben in the way he did when he was especially happy, and Ben decided the couple hours spent with B.B. had been worthwhile since they’d earned him that perfect smile. “Thank you,” Poe murmured. “B.B. really did like the movie, and Mom pretty much thinks you hung the moon for giving her an evening off.” “No problem,” Ben told him, with as much casualness as he could muster. “The real question is, what do you think, rooster?” Poe still had his hands in Ben’s hair, and he stroked his fingers through it as he replied. “I think you’d better finish what you started, groping me like that. Get your movie out before you forget it, then let’s go to my room and—” “ Poe! ” Both Poe and Ben cringed when B.B. shouted from the hall. He burst back into the living room just as the two older boys pulled away from each other. “Guess what!” “What?” Poe asked. Ben sighed and got up to get his Blu-ray out of the player. “Mom said I can be Oogie Boogie for Halloween!” “Why do you want to be Oogie Boogie?” Poe chuckled. “He’s the bad guy.” Ben, who didn’t know why the news had merited such a dramatic announcement, sighed again and sat down by Poe once more. “I know . And he’s full of bugs! ” B.B. crowed. “Mom said I can’t put any bugs in it, but she’s still gonna make me a costume!” “That’s nice,” muttered Ben. B.B. gave him a highly critical look, then asked, “You guys are gonna take me trick-or-treating, right?” “We’re what? ” Ben growled. “Poe always takes me trick-or-treating,” B.B. announced, “ever since Mom let us go by ourselves. And since you’re always with Poe now, I guess you’re going, too.” Ben opened his mouth, then closed it again and looked at Poe. Poe gave him an embarrassed look, followed by that perfect smile, and shrugged. “I guess so,” said Ben. “Well, if I’m Oogie Boogie, then you can be Jack,” B.B. went on. “You’re tall and skinny and you wear black all the time.” “Wait, I didn’t say I would dress up,” Ben interrupted. “We’re too old for that!” “You can’t go trick-or-treating without dressing up ,” B.B. lectured him. “ Poe dressed up last year.” “He did?” Ben grinned in spite of himself and looked at his boyfriend, who had started to blush. “What as?” “He was a vampire,” B.B. declared. Ben tried to imagine cute, innocent-looking little Poe as a vampire, and failed. “But this year he’ll have to be Sally.” “ What? ” Poe yelped. “I can’t be Sally—Sally’s a girl .” “You have to be.” B.B. explained it all patiently, as if Poe were the eleven-year-old and B.B. were the big brother: “Sally’s Jack’s girlfriend, and she’s in love with him even though he’s not good enough for her. Just like you and Ben.” Ben scowled. “Now wait a minute—” “ Please , you have to,” B.B. begged. He bestowed a quick, pleading look upon Ben, then turned it on Poe. Obviously, the kid had figured out that he could convince his big brother to do just about anything. . . and that Poe, in turn, could convince Ben. “Buddy, Sally wears a dress ,” Poe said. “I can’t take you trick-or-treating in a dress, everybody would laugh at me.” Ben hadn’t thought about the dress aspect of the costume, and he suddenly decided that maybe wearing costumes wouldn’t be such a bad thing after all. “You could wear jeans under it,” he suggested to Poe. “It’d just be like a long shirt.” Poe shot him a look that was half annoyed and half intrigued, then turned back to B.B. “Okay, B.B., if we do this, you gotta promise you’ll behave—and no complaining when we say it’s time to go home. We’re going to the haunted house Halloween night, but you’re too young for them to let you in. We’ll have to bring you home first.” “Aww,” B.B. groaned. “Okay, I promise. So you promise you’ll really take me, no backing out?” Poe glanced at Ben again, who shrugged and nodded. “Yeah,” Poe told B.B., “we promise.” “Yes! This’ll be the best Halloween ever!” B.B. crowed. He pounced on Poe and gave him a big hug—B.B. hadn’t quite outgrown hugging his brother—then looked up at Ben. “Thanks,” he muttered. Ben was just grateful B.B. didn’t try to hug him too. “No problem,” Ben muttered right back. B.B. finally scampered off to his room to go to bed (although Ben suspected he’d be awake plotting his costume for some time), and he left Ben truly alone with Poe for the first time that evening. Ben tried to lean in for another kiss, but Poe looked preoccupied. “You think we have enough time to get costumes done?” he asked abruptly. Ben sat back again and stifled a sigh. “Sure, Halloween’s not for nearly a month,” Ben assured him. “Yeah, but. . . I can’t ask Mom for help since she’s gotta make a whole costume for B.B. I mean, it’s basically a burlap bag, but still,” Poe fretted. “Don’t worry, baby, I’ll get everything together,” said Ben. Poe looked impressed, and Ben used the opportunity to put an arm around his boyfriend’s shoulders and pull him closer. “They’d look better if I had time to make them from scratch, but I can get us pre-made ones and customize ‘em a little. You just worry about deciding where we’re taking the kid.” “He has a name,” Poe pointed out with a bit of a playful sulk. Ben didn’t mind, considering that when Poe sulked, he stuck his lower lip out in a perfectly kissable way. After bending his head to kiss said lower lip, Ben amended, “Okay, where we’re taking B.B. I’ll take care of everything else.” “I’ll at least pay for mine—” Poe began. “Nope.” Ben silenced him with another, longer kiss. Poe tilted his head back with a delicious little moan that made Ben squirm. He managed to pull back to add, “Your birthday’s this month, so it’ll be part of your present.” “Part of?” Poe asked. “You mean you’re getting me more than one thing?” “Well yeah. You got me a ton of stuff for mine a couple months ago.” Ben leaned to the side and started kissing Poe’s neck, which in the past had proved to be a sure-fire way for coaxing Poe into a make-out session. “Yeah, but—nngh, Ben. . . .” Sure enough, Poe dropped the subject of Halloween and took Ben back to his bedroom shortly thereafter. -- Although he had warmed up to the idea of dressing up for Halloween, Ben still wasn’t exactly thrilled with the idea of spending another evening hanging around B.B. However, he decided it wouldn’t be so bad, once he and Poe got permission for Ben to spend the night afterwards. It would be the first time Ben had slept over at Poe’s house, and the thought of curling up with his boyfriend in Poe’s little bed kept Ben from getting too annoyed over B.B. For Poe’s eighteenth birthday in mid-October, Ben gave him a stack of movies and CDs—and sent him flowers, which Poe loved—with the promise of more to come on Halloween. Poe, he knew, assumed Ben was referring to his costume, but Ben had something else in mind too. If I have the nerve to give it to him, Ben thought more than once throughout the month. Since Halloween fell on a weekday, their town was holding trick-or-treating on the Friday evening before the holiday. Ben went over to Poe’s house right after school and left a bag full of costumes and supplies in Poe’s room before they went outside to help B.B. carve a pumpkin before Mrs. Dameron got home from work. “Mom won’t let me use the knife,” B.B. complained as he plopped down on the front stoop next to a rather large pumpkin. “But she said I could go on and make my jack o’lantern if Poe did the cutting.” “There’s a very good reason she won’t let you use this,” Poe lectured as sat down in front of the pumpkin, brandishing a large serrated knife. “Knives are dangerous, and you could hurt yourself.” “Hmph, I’d be careful,” B.B. mumbled, but without much pique; he was too excited about his jack o’lantern. “I want it to look really scary, Poe!” “Well hold on, we gotta hollow it out first,” Poe chuckled. He started cutting a lid out of the top of the pumpkin, angling the knife inward so the lid wouldn’t fall in. “What do you want on it?” “I—I dunno, just something scary!” declared B.B. Ben, who had kept out of it until then, finally made a suggestion: “Why don’t we draw on it first, before we start carving? Then Poe can cut it once it looks like you want it to.” Poe glanced at him and sounded a bit surprised when he said, “Hey, that’s a good idea.” “Yeah, it is .” B.B. eyed Ben with something that might have been the beginnings of respect. “Will you draw it for me?” “Me?” Ben muttered. “Yeah! Poe said you’re a really good artist.” Ben felt himself blush, and he looked at Poe, who smiled at him and added, “Well, you are .” “Um, I guess I could,” Ben relented. “Here.” Poe pulled the knife out of the pumpkin and handed it to Ben. “Finish cutting the top off, and I’ll go get you a marker.” He went back into the house, leaving Ben alone with B.B. Ben shoved the knife back in and sawed away at the pumpkin until he was able to lift the top off by the stem. “Gross,” he muttered as he looked at the goop and seeds inside. “Don’t be a baby,” B.B. scoffed. He plunged his small hand into the pumpkin and began hauling out handfuls of pumpkin innards, ignoring the large spoon Poe had left out for that purpose. “It’s cool, it’s all slimy!” “Ugh,” snorted Ben, and he looked away until Poe got back with a Sharpie. “Here,” Poe said, dropping down to sit next to Ben on the step in front of the pumpkin. He laughed at Ben’s expression and the pile of pumpkin guts on the newspaper beside B.B. “You don’t like cleaning out the pumpkin, hunh?” “It’s disgusting,” Ben grumbled. Poe just laughed some more and picked up the spoon to scrape the inside of the pumpkin clean. “Okay, buddy, tell Ben what you want him to draw, then you can start picking out the seeds while he works on it,” Poe told his brother. “Just make it scary ,” B.B. ordered. “With a big mouth and lots of teeth! And squinty eyes.” “They can’t be too squinty,” Ben pointed out, “or they won’t let enough light shine through.” “Whatever, just do it,” whined B.B. Ben stifled a sharp retort and started drawing. B.B. cast a critical eye on him from time to time, but he was mostly preoccupied with separating the pumpkin seeds from the stringy pulp. Poe explained that their mother would roast the seeds when she got home from work. “My mom doesn’t cook much,” Ben commented as he worked on what he hoped was a sufficiently squinty pumpkin eye. “She’s too busy. Dad tries every now and then, but he usually burns everything.” “ Our mom cooks dinner every night!” B.B. declared. Then, perhaps remembering what power Leia Organa wielded over the school, he added, “Although I guess your mom is pretty busy.” Ben decided to change the subject, and he turned the pumpkin around to face B.B. as he asked, “There, is this good enough?” “ Whoa, ” the kid gasped. “It’s awesome! ” He looked up at Ben, eyes wide, and breathed, “Thank you!” “Uh, you’re welcome,” muttered Ben. He was a little embarrassed by the praise, but then Poe reached over and squeezed his hand. “I told you you’re a good artist,” he assured Ben. “I just hope I don’t mess it up trying to carve it, it’s so intricate.” “Just cut the big chunks out, and I’ll do the detailed parts,” Ben suggested. Poe nodded and started carving the basic shapes of the eyes and mouth. When he’d finished, Ben used the tip of the knife to slice out smaller pieces of pumpkin until the design was finished. “There,” he said, sitting back and laying aside the knife so he could flex his cramped fingers. “Is that good, B.B.?” “Yeah!” B.B. enthused. “It looks great! Poe, can we light it up now?” Poe laughed, “Buddy, it’s not even dark out yet. Let’s wait until Mom gets home at least, then she can see it too.” B.B. sulked until Poe added, “We have to start getting our costumes on, anyway. Ben and me can help you with yours now, then we’ll get dressed once Mom’s here.” “Okay,” B.B. finally agreed. He gave the jack o’lantern one last, longing glance before following Poe inside. His costume was easy enough to get on; as Poe had mentioned, it was mostly a shapeless burlap sack which they stuffed with crumpled newspapers to turn the rather small B.B. into the rather rotund Oogie Boogie. Since trick-or-treaters weren’t allowed to wear masks around town, Mrs. Dameron had made B.B. a hat out of leftover burlap to mimic the boogie man’s pointed head. “Do I look scary enough?” B.B. asked Poe when they were through getting the costume on over his shorts and t-shirt. The boy regarded himself in his dresser mirror and frowned. “I don’t think I am. Mom shoulda let me put bugs in it.” “No bugs,” sighed Poe. “And you look fine. You don’t wanna be too scary—there’ll be little kids out tonight! You wouldn’t want to frighten them, would you?” “Yes,” said B.B., “I would .” Ben snickered, and Poe glared up at him. “You aren’t helping,” Poe grumbled. “I have an idea,” Ben chuckled. “Wait here a second.” He left B.B.’s messy, cluttered room and crossed the hall to Poe’s marginally tidier one. After rummaging through his bag to find one of the black eye pencils he’d brought, Ben returned and crouched down in front of B.B. “You need more stitches,” Ben declared. “Oogie Boogie has them all over his mouth— that ’ll make you look scary.” B.B. eyed the pencil and asked, “You gonna draw them on? With that?” When Ben nodded, the boy challenged, “That’s not girl makeup, is it?” “Uh. . . no, of course it isn’t,” mumbled Ben, glad he’d bought NYX makeup instead of Cover Girl or something. “Look, I’m gonna put it on Poe too.” “You are?” Poe stammered. “ Yes. ” Ben looked over his shoulder at his boyfriend. “Sally has stiches all over her face, and her arms.” “Well, okay,” B.B. acquiesced, and Ben turned back around. “As long as Poe’s wearing it too, I guess it’s not girly.” Deciding not to mention to Poe that he’d brought lipstick too, Ben uncapped the pencil and began drawing stitches around B.B.’s mouth. “Hold still,” he growled as the kid squirmed. “It tickles ,” protested B.B. However, when Ben had finished and B.B. looked in the mirror, he proclaimed the application a success. “You’re right, it looks really cool!” he admitted to Ben. “If I can’t have bugs, at least my face looks scary now.” “It does look pretty good,” Poe commented as he leaned up to kiss Ben’s cheek. “Now I’m kinda excited to see what you’ll do for mine.” “It’ll look good, I promise.” Ben kissed Poe’s forehead, which B.B. declared “gross” in no uncertain terms. Luckily, Mrs. Dameron got home soon after and forestalled an impending argument. She had brought McDonald’s, which, as she admitted quietly to Poe and Ben, was probably the only way she could get B.B. to eat any dinner before trick-or-treating. “His costume looks great, Mom,” Poe said around a mouthful of cheeseburger as the boys ate at the kitchen table. “You did really good. Ben drew the stitches on him.” “It’s cute, Ben,” Mrs. Dameron said from the counter by the oven, where she spreading pumpkin seeds on a cookie sheet to roast. “I’m not cute ,” B.B. protested. “I’m scary .” After their quick dinner, Poe and Ben went to Poe’s room to put their own costumes on. Poe was pleased with his, despite it being a dress, and with the work Ben had put into customizing it by adding some stitches and patches. “It’s great, as long as I can wear my jeans under it,” Poe said. “I got an extra-large so it’d be big on you, and it’ll fit over your pants,” Ben assured him. “Here, try it on.” Poe slipped out of his shirt and (too quickly for Ben’s liking) pulled the dress on over his head and tugged the skirt down over his jeans. The lower hem reached his knees, and his jeans looked a little weird under it, but Ben appreciated the way the v-shaped neckline revealed a triangle of Poe’s tan chest. “I’m glad you’re not making me wear a wig,” Poe mumbled as he straightened the shoulders of the dress, only to have it slip to one side again in a most endearing way. “I don’t look too girly.” “You sound like your brother,” said Ben, “but I wasn’t about to ask you to cover up your gorgeous hair.” He reached up to ruffle it before stripping off his own shirt to get changed as well. Once they were both dressed, Ben sat Poe down on his bed to draw the stitches on his face, neck, and arms. “I don’t care what you say,” Ben muttered as he worked, “you look cute. Really cute.” Poe blushed and said, “Shut up,” but he smiled all the same. Ben finished with the eye pencil by drawing stitch “eyelashes” around Poe’s eyes—and adding a little eyeliner along his lids, just because. Poe didn’t protest, and Ben’s heartbeat sped up a bit when he saw how lovely Poe’s eyes looked lined in black. “I guess it does look pretty cool,” Poe said, glancing over at his reflection in his mirror once Ben was done. “And anyway, we’re just gonna see little kids and grownups until we go to the haunted house later—I can always tone it down some before that.” Ben didn’t want Poe to “tone it down” at all, but he decided to choose his battles. . . and he had one more battle to win. “There’s just one more thing you need,” Ben informed Poe as he bent down to dig through his bag again. “What?” Poe asked, with understandable suspicion. “This,” muttered Ben, and he held up a tube of dark red lipstick. “Sally has red lips.” Poe’s lined eyes widened, and he shook his head so hard, dark curls of hair danced over his forehead. “Ben, I can’t wear lipstick!” he protested. “Why not?” Ben stared at him until Poe flushed and averted his eyes. “I. . . I’ll look like a girl .” Ben sighed, “You really do sound like B.B. And Sally is a girl. Look, just try it on, okay? We can wipe it off before we go out, if you don’t like it. I just—I think it’ll look really good.” “This is all just about you wanting to see me in lipstick, isn’t it?” muttered Poe. “No, not just ,” protested Ben. “Accuracy to the character is important too. But. . . baby, I do really wanna see you in lipstick,” he pleaded, deciding that he stood a better chance of getting what he wanted if he was honest about it. Poe heaved a sigh of his own then grumbled, “Okay, fine, but I’m taking it off if it looks too weird.” Ben grinned at him. “It won’t look weird, I promise. Hey, do you have any ChapStick? That’ll make it go on smoother.” “Yeah, I think so, in that drawer by the bed.” Poe pointed, and Ben managed to find the ChapStick in the cluttered drawer. After Poe put it on, Ben grasped his square chin in one hand and held Poe’s head still. Before he applied the lipstick, Ben leaned in and kissed Poe softly. “Mm,” Poe breathed as he parted his lips and kissed Ben back. “So if I leave the lipstick on, you won’t be able to kiss me all night. Are you sure you want me to wear it?” “I’ll live,” Ben told him, although he got in one final kiss before drawing back. He put the lipstick on Poe, starting at the middle of each of the smaller boy’s perfect, peach-colored lips and drawing it outward to the corners of his mouth. When he was through, Ben sat back and admired his handiwork. “You look beautiful, Poe,” he whispered. Poe’s eyes appeared large and a bit apprehensive as they searched Ben’s face; then he turned and looked in the mirror. “I. . . I don’t know, Ben. It looks so weird.” Poe got up from the bed and went to examine himself more closely. “And I don’t know what Mom’ll say. Or B.B.” Ben had to admit, Poe had a good point about that. Besides, his own mother had insisted that Ben bring Poe and B.B. by the Solo residence and to Ben’s uncle Luke’s house for trick-or-treating. Ben had a feeling that his mom would know Poe’s lipstick was all his idea and not Poe’s. “Maybe you could really blot it a lot?” Ben finally suggested. “Like, so that most of it comes off but there’s just a little color left?” Poe agreed right away, sounding relieved: “Okay, yeah. That’s a good idea!” Ben removed most of Poe’s lipstick by scrubbing at his lips with a tissue, and after taking a careful look in the mirror, Poe declared that he was satisfied with his appearance. Ben took a turn at the mirror and used his eye pencil and some shadow to color black circles around his own eyes, mimicking Jack Skellington’s hollow sockets; then he drew some skeleton-tooth lines over his own lips. He was just finishing up when B.B. pounded on the closed door to Poe’s room. “Aren’t you guys ready yet ?” the kid bellowed through the door. “Trick-or-treating’s gonna be over if you don’t hurry up!” Poe chuckled and called back, “Buddy, it’s only six now, it just started . We’ve got until nine, and anyway, I think we’re ready.” He went to the door, then paused and looked up at Ben. “Um, if you want me to. . . I could put the lipstick back on when we come home tonight?” Poe suggested in a shy voice. “Just for you?” Ben felt his cheeks flush as he nodded eagerly. “God, yeah. I’d—I’d really like that, baby.” Poe grinned at him suddenly and leaned up to peck him on the lips before he opened the door. “What do you think, B.B.?” Poe asked his little brother. “Do I look too girly for you?” B.B. looked him over critically, then shook his head. “No, you look pretty cool. Like Sally—but like a boy too.” B.B. glanced up at Ben and allowed, “You look cool too. Tall and pale and skinny like Jack.” “Thanks,” Ben muttered. “I guess.” “Now come on ,” insisted B.B. He grabbed Poe’s wrist and tugged him toward the kitchen to pick up his trick-or-treat bag and say goodbye to his mother. Ben trailed after them and dutifully posed for the picture Mrs. Dameron insisted on taking of them. “B.B., don’t get ahead of Poe and Ben,” Mrs. Dameron cautioned him, “and don’t eat anything until one of them has looked at it first.” “Okay, Mom, I know ,” B.B. sighed dramatically. “ And you do what they say,” she added. “When they say it’s time to come home, it’s time to come home.” “I have to mind Ben too?” the boy groaned. “ He’s not my brother.” Ben glared at him but felt a bit of triumph when Mrs. Dameron appeared to be masking a smile. “Yes, you have to mind Ben too. He’s not your brother, but he’s your brother’s boyfriend, and I trust him.” Ben’s triumph dissolved into surprise and a strange feeling he didn’t recognize at first; then he realized it was a kind of shy pride. She trusts me—someone actually trusts me, and it’s Poe’s mom , Ben thought. He’d always wondered if Mrs. Dameron really was okay with her son having a boyfriend, and with that boyfriend being him . . . but apparently, she was. “Okay, okay, I’ll mind Ben,” sighed B.B. “Can we please go now?” “Yes, you can go,” Mrs. Dameron laughed. “Have fun.” B.B. wasted no time in getting to the front door, with Poe and Ben following. It had gotten dark out while the older boys were getting ready, and B.B. had put a lit candle in the jack o’lantern. Ben stopped to admire it while Poe locked the door behind them. “Okay, Oogie Boogie,” Poe called to B.B., “let’s go. Just don’t get too far ahead, like Mom said.” B.B. took off like a shot, and Poe grabbed Ben’s hand. He grinned and asked, “Ready, Jack?” “Yeah. . . Sally.” Ben leaned down and kissed the end of Poe’s nose before they started off after B.B. -- To be continued Chapter 2 Notes: The car make-out scene is included at the request of a Tumblr anon! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ben was already tired by the time they finished canvassing Poe’s neighborhood and he was driving them over to his own house. B.B., however, was full of energy, most of it fueled by the candy he had been eating all evening. Ben had always thought Poe talked a lot, but his little brother talked twice as much, and only about things Ben found extremely uninteresting. He was actually glad when they got to his house, just because it meant the kid might shut up for a few minutes. Still, Ben had been as patient as he could manage for Poe’s sake, and his efforts seemed to be paying off. Poe held his hand as they walked from the car to Ben’s door, and he smiled at Ben sweetly enough to make enduring B.B. worthwhile. When B.B. stopped in front of the door to Ben’s—and Principal Organa’s—house, he stood staring at it, rather than knocking or ringing the bell. “Well, go on!” Poe chuckled. “Ring the doorbell!” “You’re sure your mom won’t mind?” B.B. asked Ben with a nervous look over his shoulder. Ben had to remind himself of the awe most younger kids held for their school principal. At the same time, though, he felt oddly proud that B.B. actually asked his opinion on something. “I’ll get in trouble if we don’t trick-or-treat here,” he told the kid. “She made me promise we’d come so she could see our costumes.” And probably take a billion pictures, he added to himself. That last part likely wouldn’t make B.B. more eager to ring the bell. “Okay,” B.B. said warily. He turned back to the door and pushed the doorbell button, then took a step back to stand so close to Poe, he almost stepped on his big brother’s foot. But when Leia opened the door, she was smiling—and, Ben noticed with intense relief, she wasn’t wearing a costume. Not that Halloween costumes were exactly her thing, but Ben wouldn’t have put it past her to wear one just to embarrass him. Although that’s more like something Dad would do, Ben realized. The thought sent him into a near panic, and he prayed they could get away from the house without seeing his father. “Trick or treat?” B.B. asked in a small voice. “Goodness, don’t you look scary,” said Leia. “Why don’t you come in? But ,” she added sternly, “only if you promise not to kidnap anybody.” B.B. grinned, and Ben marveled that his mother even remembered Oogie Boogie since as far as he knew, she hadn’t watched The Nightmare Before Christmas in at least a decade. Inside, they ran into Han anyway, but thankfully he wasn’t dressed up. Leia gave B.B. more candy than Ben thought he deserved, then took the photos Ben had been dreading. That part wasn’t so bad either, though, because she got some of just Ben and Poe too. For the last one, Poe startled Ben by leaning up and kissing him, just like Sally and Jack on Spiral Hill. Ben felt his face turn a most un-skeleton-like red at being kissed in front of his parents, but at the same time, he couldn’t wait to see the photo later. B.B. had gotten over his nervousness by they time they left Ben’s house, and as they went back to the car, he chattered about how nice Ben’s mom was, and how cool his dad was (Ben cringed), and how awesome his house was. “I can’t believe you live there ,” B.B. enthused. He climbed into the backseat but leaned forward between the two front seats to keep talking. “It’s huge! I thought Poe and I were lucky to have our own rooms, but you have your own floor . I wanted to see your room though—Poe’s seen your room, right?” “Of course I have, buddy,” Poe chuckled. “Where do you think I slept when I spent the night?” “Oh. Right.” B.B. frowned. “Did you sleep in the same bed?” “Well yeah. Ben has two rooms but just one bed.” Poe’s face flushed a bit under his makeup stitches, and he shooed B.B. back into his seat. “Buckle up so we can get going.” “Where’re we going?” “To my uncles’ house,” Ben muttered. “And then you’re going home.” When B.B. finally fastened his seatbelt, Ben started the car and headed for their next stop, just down the street from his own home. “Aww,” B.B. groaned, although not too much after Mrs. Dameron’s warning that he shouldn’t complain. “Then you guys are going to the haunted house right? And then Ben’s spending the night?” “Yeah.” Ben pulled up at his uncle Luke’s house and shut off the car. B.B. didn’t get out right away though; instead he frowned again. “Are you sleeping with Poe in his bed? It’s pretty small. And you’re really big.” Ben glared at him through the rearview mirror and grumbled, “We’ll both fit. Now get out, I want to get this over with.” B.B. stuck his tongue out at him. “Is your uncle your mom’s brother, or your dad’s?” Poe asked as they all got out of the car. “Mom’s. They’re twins—not identical, but the other kind.” “Fraternal,” B.B. piped up. “We learned about that in science class. Fraternal is when there’s two eggs fertilized by two different sperms, and identical is when there’s one egg fertilized by one sperm, but then it splits in two.” “Great, thanks for that information,” Ben muttered. He really didn’t want to hear B.B. talking about “sperms” so soon after asking where Ben was going to sleep. “Don’t be a know-it-all, B.B.,” Poe chided, but he was grinning at Ben’s embarrassment. Ben had been too preoccupied with worrying about his parents humiliating him to worry about his uncle humiliating him. After all, Luke wasn’t nearly as embarrassing as Han. . . or so Ben thought, until B.B. rang Luke’s doorbell, and Luke came to the door in a Halloween costume. At least Ben hoped he was in a costume. Luke was wearing a white lab coat and glasses and had his hair sticking out in all directions. Since Luke wasn’t a doctor and didn’t need glasses and generally kept his hair combed, Ben assumed he was meant to be dressed up as. . . something. Whatever he was going for, Luke looked like a dork, and Ben cringed. “Hey Ben,” Luke greeted him, cheerfully oblivious to his nephew’s suffering. “And you must be Poe?” “Yes sir,” said Poe, who was grinning again. Luke looked him over, refrained from commenting on Poe’s dress, and smiled. Poe added, “And this is my brother, B.B. I guess Principal Organa told you we were coming.” “Yeah, we’re ready for you,” said Luke. Poe cast a curious look at Ben, who realized then that he’d never mentioned his uncle’s husband. Ben knew Poe wouldn’t make a big deal about it, but he was a little worried about how B.B. would react. Ben didn’t have long to worry, though, because a second later, his other uncle appeared next to Luke in the doorway. “Is that Ben?” he asked, then smiled at the boys. “Oh, hey.” “Hi Uncle Wedge,” Ben muttered. As if Luke’s bizarre costume weren’t enough, Wedge was dressed up like the classic Frankenstein monster—bolts in the neck and all—and Ben suddenly realized that Luke was meant to be the mad scientist who’d created him. Ben groaned, “You guys are such dorks .” “Because of our costumes?” Wedge asked, raising one dark eyebrow. It stood out in stark contrast to his grey hair, which had once been much darker according to the photos Ben had seen of Wedge and Luke when they weren’t much older than him. “Yes, but in general too,” grumbled Ben. “ I think their costumes are cool !” B.B. pronounced. “They go together like yours and Poe’s do.” He had started to hold out his trick-or-treat sack for candy, but then he stopped and studied the two men a minute. “Are you boyfriends too, like Poe and Ben?” “B.B.!” Poe hissed. “Don’t be rude!” But Wedge laughed out loud, and Luke smiled even though he was blushing at the same time. “No, we’re married,” Luke finally told B.B. “Oh.” B.B. looked back at Poe. “Are you and Ben gonna get married?” “For God’s sake, just shut up and get your candy!” Ben exploded. “Hmph, Poe better not marry you, ‘cos you’re a jerk,” B.B. announced. He finally collected his treats from Luke and Wedge; then Luke passed candy bars to Poe and Ben too. “Jerk or not, you deserve a reward for babysitting,” Luke told Ben, with just enough of a smirk to show that despite his normally sweet nature, he was related to Ben and Leia. Ben thanked him, having been well-trained in manners by Leia even if he didn’t usually show it, and the Damerons did as well. “Nice to finally meet you, Poe,” Luke said as the boys were leaving. “As much as Ben talks about you, I figured you had to be pretty special.” “ Ugh , good night ,” Ben growled. Poe just blushed and smiled. On the way back to his house, Poe murmured to Ben, “You didn’t tell me your uncle was gay.” “It never came up,” Ben muttered back. He glanced in the rearview mirror to see if B.B. was listening, but the younger boy was absorbed in taking stock of his candy haul. Ben looked back and Poe and asked, “Is it a problem?” Poe rolled his eyes. “Of course not, doofus. I was just surprised that he’s married to another guy.” Poe studied Ben a second then added, “And really, I think his husband looks more like you and your mom than your uncle does!” “Yeah, I guess he kinda does,” Ben admitted. “Uncle Wedge has dark eyes like we do, and his hair used to be brown. Uncle Luke looks more like my grandfather did, and Mom and I look more like my grandmother.” “I bet she was pretty,” said Poe. “Why?” “Because your mom’s pretty.” Before Ben could be horrified, Poe went on with a beatific smile, “And so are you.” “I’m not pretty ,” Ben grumbled, flushing. He looked back out at the street ahead. “. . . You’re pretty.” “You two are gross,” said B.B. around a mouthful of candy. Apparently, he’d been listening after all. They got B.B. home just before nine. He gave an enthusiastic yes when Mrs. Dameron asked if he’d had a good time but was considerably less enthusiastic when she took away the rest of his candy to save for later, then sent him to his room to get ready for bed. “Are you two still going to the haunted house?” Mrs. Dameron asked the older boys. “Yeah, I guess,” said Poe. “I wanna go to my room and check how my costume looks first, though.” He grabbed Ben’s hand and tugged the larger boy after him, but once they were in Poe’s bedroom, he gave Ben a hesitant look. “Do you really, really want to go to the haunted house?” he asked, clearly hoping Ben would say no. Since Ben had already started feeling tired, he didn’t mind, although he wondered what had changed Poe’s mind. Maybe he’s too embarrassed for any of our friends to see him dressed like this, Ben thought. “Not if you don’t want to,” Ben answered. He reached up to stroke Poe’s cheek. “Are you tired?” “Kinda, but, um. . . .” Poe flushed and bit his lower lip in that way that always drove Ben crazy. “Really I’d rather be alone with you than go hang out with a bunch more people. Could we just drive around a while instead?” “Sure, rooster.” Ben pulled Poe closer and wrapped him in a hug. “Is everything okay?” “’Course it is,” Poe mumbled against Ben’s chest. He put his arms around Ben too and hugged him tight. “It’s just, I’ve been wanting to make out with you all evening, and I couldn’t because B.B. was there. You look so handsome in that suit, and the makeup looks really hot on you, and. . . um, yeah.” Ben chuckled and nuzzled Poe’s wavy hair. “Are you sure you even want to drive around at all? We could just go to bed.” “I’m sure.” Poe dropped his hands to Ben’s ass and squeezed it, then pulled away before Ben could start groping him in return. He laughed at the frustrated look Ben shot him and stayed just out of reach when Ben grabbed for him again. “If we stay out about an hour, Mom will’ve gone to bed when we get back,” Poe explained as he darted to the door of his room. “Her bedroom’s at the other end of the house, so we won’t have to be as quiet as we would if we got in bed now.” “Okay, okay,” Ben sighed. He looked at the makeup he’d left lying on his dresser and smirked as an idea occurred to him. “Hey. . . if I bring the lipstick with us, will you put it on in the car and wear it? You could take your jeans off too and just wear the dress, since we’ll be alone and all.” Poe blushed all over again, but then, to Ben’s delight, he nodded. “Oh, all right, if it’ll make you quit bugging me about the lipstick,” Poe gave in. Ben stuck the tube of lipstick in his pocket, and they went back to his car after saying goodnight to Mrs. Dameron. Ben drove them a few blocks away then pulled into the empty parking lot of a closed store. When Poe gave him a nervous look, Ben just grinned. “Pants off,” he said. “You promised.” “Ugh, fine .” There wasn’t much light, so Ben couldn’t be sure, but he would have placed a pretty large bet that Poe was blushing once more as he unbuttoned his jeans and wriggled out of them. He kicked off his shoes and pulled the jeans all the way off, then tugged the skirt of his dress down as far as it would go over his bare legs. “There,” Poe grumbled. “Now get us out of here before the cops see your car and think we’re robbers or something.” “Okay, but you’ve gotta put the lipstick on while I drive.” Ben handed him the tube, and Poe complied, using the mirror in his visor, as Ben drove back out onto the road. “It’s probably on all crooked,” complained Poe when he’d finished and dropped the lipstick tube into the cup holder on the car’s console. “I look stupid.” “No you don’t,” Ben said with his eyes on the road. But when he stopped at a traffic light, he looked over at Poe and added with more enthusiasm, “You look freaking hot , Poe.” “Really?” Poe looked down at his legs, which really weren’t all that exposed considering that the dress nearly reached his knees. “Unh hunh.” When the light changed, Ben accelerated and at the same time reached over to put a hand on Poe’s leg. As he slid it up under the dress, Poe squirmed. “Ben, you’re awful . You wanted me to wear this just so you could feel me up!” “Want me to stop?” Ben asked. He squeezed Poe’s thigh. “Nngh, no ,” Poe huffed. Ben drove around for a little while, rubbing Poe’s leg without going too far up, even though he had a feeling Poe wanted him to judging from the little whimpers the smaller boy made from time to time. Those noises, and an occasional look at what Poe was wearing, made Ben start to get hard before too long, and he shifted in the driver’s seat trying to get more comfortable. Finally, even though only about half an hour had passed, Ben decided he couldn’t stand much more. He did say he wanted to make out , Ben thought. And I still have to give him his present. He’d been carrying the gift around in his pocket all evening, even though he’d originally planned to wait until he and Poe were in for the night. The more he thought about it, however, the less he wanted to wait. Better to get it over with now than keep worrying about it, he told himself. Ben cleared his throat and asked, “Uh, Poe, you want to park for awhile?” “Park? Where?” Poe’s voice sounded slightly hoarse, and when Ben’s hand stopped moving on his leg, Poe pressed his thigh tighter against it. “Uh, maybe at the—well, at the park? That’s what it’s for, right?” Ben joked, cursing himself immediately after for being so lame. “No,” Poe responded indignantly. “It’s closed at night, and we could get in trouble.” “We’re not gonna get in trouble ,” groaned Ben. “I’ll drive way up in there, by the lake, and turn the lights off. No one’s gonna know we’re there.” “The cops probably patrol it or something,” Poe muttered. . . then gasped when Ben trailed his fingers all the way up his inner thigh. “Suit yourself, rooster,” Ben said as he took his hand away. “Bennnnnn,” Poe whined. He rocked his hips forward, trying to maintain contact with Ben’s hand, and for a second Ben saw the fabric of his dress stretched by what could only be an erection. “I can’t concentrate on driving like this,” Ben said loftily. “Now, if I parked the car, I could go back to touching you, but if you don’t want to, then—” “Dammit, go! Go park at the—the park,” Poe groaned. “But you’d better touch more than just my leg when we get there, you’re driving me crazy .” The park was deserted, as Ben had hoped it would be, and he switched off his headlights as soon as he turned the car in. He was barely able to make out the narrow two-lane road that wound through the wooded area, but eventually they reached a little parking lot by the lake where people fished or boated in the daytime. As soon as he turned the car off, Ben moved to face Poe, but the smaller boy was already leaning over the console to pull Ben into his arms. Poe kissed him hard, shoving his tongue deep into Ben’s mouth, and Ben kissed him back thinking of how hot it was being kissed by a boy in lipstick. He dropped his hand into Poe’s lap and squeezed the bulge under his dress, and Poe gasped into his mouth. “Nngh, Ben,” he hissed; then his hand groped between Ben’s legs too. Ben rubbed against his hand a second before gently pulling back just enough to break their kiss. Poe gave him a hurt look anyway and asked, “What?” All of Ben’s nerves about Poe’s last birthday gift returned in full force, and he almost changed his mind about giving it to Poe at all. But then he steeled himself and let go of Poe’s erection to reach into his pocket instead. “I told you I had one more birthday present for you, right?” Ben mumbled. “Y-yeah? What, you’re giving it to me now ?” Poe sat back, letting Ben go as well, and studied Ben’s face. Perhaps seeing there just how nervous Ben was, Poe relaxed and said more calmly, “O-okay.” “Um, we. . . I know we’re way too young to get married,” stammered Ben, “or, or even engaged, but—but Poe, I love you, and I want to be with you forever. I know I do want to get married, one day, like. . . like after we get out of college or whatever.” He stopped rambling and looked at Poe again, who was watching him wide-eyed. Ben swallowed hard and asked, “Do. . . do you? One day?” Poe swallowed too, nodded, and said, “Yeah.” “Um, then—then here.” Ben pulled his hand out of his pocket and held it out. Poe looked down at what was lying in Ben’s palm. “It’s a promise ring,” Ben told him in little more than a whisper. “To promise that—that someday we’ll get engaged and then I’ll marry you.” “Ben. . . .” Poe was whispering himself, and his little hand shook when he reached out and picked up the ring. “You—you really promise?” “Unh hunh.” Ben looked down at the ring held between Poe’s fingers. “Do you like it? And. . . and will you wear it? Will you promise me too?” “Of c-course.” Poe’s voice had a curious tremble to it, and when Ben looked back up at his face, he almost panicked because Poe looked like he was about to cry. Oh shit oh shit oh shit, how did I fuck up this time? Ben thought, but before he could do anything else, Poe threw his arms back around his shoulders and pressed his face into Ben’s hair. “I love it,” he mumbled. “I love you . I’ll never take it off, and I promise I’ll marry you. I-I’d marry you now , but my mom would kill us, and so would your mom, and. . . and yeah, we really should go to college first.” He gave a chuckle that was half sniffle and sat back, pausing to kiss Ben’s cheek on the way. “Will you put it on me?” “Y-yeah.” Ben took the ring back, despite fearing that he’d drop it, and got Poe’s left hand in his, then slipped the ring on Poe’s finger. It had a round, orangish stone with iridescent gleams of yellow and red within it, and even in the dim lighting, Ben could see how lovely the thin gold band looked against Poe’s tan skin. “It’s a fire opal,” Ben said, “since opal’s your birthstone. And. . . well, since the colors look good on you.” “I love it,” Poe repeated in a whisper. He closed his fingers around Ben’s, then leaned up and kissed him softly. “It’s the best present I’ve ever gotten. I’m gonna get one for you too, for Christmas.” “You don’t have to,” mumbled Ben, even as he thought about how much he wanted to wear Poe’s ring. “Maybe not, but I will.” Poe let go of Ben’s hand to put his arms around the larger boy’s neck again. He nuzzled Ben’s neck then kissed it, and Ben wrapped his arms back around Poe too. Poe felt warm and soft in his arms, even in the somewhat scratchy, cheap fabric of his costume, and Ben held him close. Poe tilted his head back and whispered, “Kiss me some more, Ben.” Ben was happy to do so, and Poe kissed him back eagerly. After a moment of kissing, Ben felt Poe’s hand return to his lap, first rubbing him then groping him as Ben started getting hard again. “Nngh,” Ben groaned in between kisses. “Poe, you look so good tonight in that dress.” He put his own hand back on Poe’s thigh and squeezed it. “I love your hot little legs and—and your pretty mouth in that lipstick.” “ You’re kinda wearing the lipstick too now,” Poe breathed against his lips. He kissed Ben again, then whimpered when Ben slid his hand up under his skirt, “Touch me, please!” Ben pushed his hand up further between Poe’s legs until he was rubbing Poe’s cock through his underwear. Poe made a squawking sound—rather rooster-like, in fact—and pushed up into his hand. “Yeah, just like that,” he whispered before they went back to kissing. Ben lost track of how long they made out, kissing and touching each other, but after a while, he realized that he was as hard as Poe was, and his cock was throbbing in his pants under Poe’s hand. Poe squirmed against the console separating their seats, then pulled back and gasped, “Can you put your seat back some? I wanna sit in your lap.” “Fuck, Poe,” Ben hissed. He fumbled for the controls at the side of his seat and slid it back as far as it would go. He began, “Okay, it’s—” but Poe was already scrambling over the console to straddle Ben’s lap with his legs folded on either side of Ben’s thighs. He pushed his hands into Ben’s hair and crushed their mouths together again, and Ben reached up to grip the smaller boy’s ass in both hands. Poe groaned and began grinding against Ben, rubbing their erections together through their clothes. Ben groped Poe’s ass, then eventually worked his hands up under the smaller boy’s dress. Poe wriggled on his lap, increasing both Ben’s pleasure and his frustration at having clothing between them. Just when Ben thought he couldn’t take it much more, Poe pressed his mouth to his ear and whispered, “Ben, take me home. I want to get in bed with you, and—” He hesitated then hissed, “I wanna do it, I want you to fuck me.” Ben nearly choked. “Y-you want—really?” He put a hand in Poe’s hair and tugged it gently so that Poe drew back enough to see his face. Poe’s eyes were wide and looking at Ben in just the way he’d always wanted Poe to look at him. “Are you sure, baby?” Ben whispered. “I want you—God, I want you so bad , but I don’t want to do anything you’re not ready for. And—and don’t feel like you have to because. . . because of this.” He put his hand over Poe’s and the ring. Poe smiled and shook his head. “No, it’s not just ‘cos of that. And I’m sure.” Poe rubbed up against him again, slowly this time, and murmured, “I love you, Ben, and I want us to be together that way, too.” “Okay,” breathed Ben. It was more than okay, but at the same time, he was nervous all over again. What if I’m not good enough? he wondered as Poe crawled back into the passenger seat and buckled his seat beat. What if I can’t make him feel good? Or what if it hurts and he never wants to do it again? But then he glanced over at Poe and saw his boyfriend looking back. Poe gave him a shy, adoring smile, and Ben managed to relax, at least a little. -- To be continued Notes: Okay, I lied - there's going to be one more chapter. By now you people should know not to believe anything I tell you. Chapter 3 Poe’s mom had left the porch light on for them, but otherwise the house was dark and quiet when Ben pulled into the Damerons’ driveway. Poe unlocked the front door after admiring their jack o’lantern again, then locked up once they were inside. “Let me go see if Mom’s light is out,” Poe whispered. He crept across the living room to peek into the little hall leading to his mother’s room, then came back grinning. “Yeah, that’s good—probably means she’s asleep.” “I just hope your brother is too,” Ben muttered. Poe made a face at him but grabbed his hand and tugged him through the dim house to his own room. “His light’s off.” Poe pointed at B.B.’s closed door. “As long as we’re not too loud, it’ll be okay.” Poe opened the door to his room and started to follow Ben inside but then hung back when Ben turned on the light. Ben looked back at him and asked, “Are you okay?” “Yeah. Just—just nervous.” Poe exhaled and looked up at Ben. “It’s okay, me too,” Ben reassured him. Poe gave him a quick smile but still didn’t come into the room. “I’m uh. . . I’m gonna go wash up,” he mumbled. In the light from his room, Ben could see Poe blush. “Oh okay, yeah.” Ben nodded. “I’ll be. . . uh, in here.” He gestured at the interior of Poe’s room then let his arm fall to his side, thinking, I sound so stupid. But Poe smiled again, bigger this time. “Be right back,” he said before disappearing into the bathroom across the hall. Ben closed the door to Poe’s bedroom and sat on the edge of the bed to take off his shoes. As he did so, he started to realize how woefully unprepared he was for what they were about to do. He hadn’t brought lube or condoms—in fact, Ben didn’t own any lube or condoms since he was too embarrassed to buy them, and anyway, Poe hadn’t brought up going all the way since their prom night. So what gave him the idea now? Ben wondered. Unless he’s been thinking about it the whole time. . . like I have. Ben had been doing more than thinking about it; he’d researched the subject fairly thoroughly online, not to mention fantasized about it happening in a thousand different ways. Fantasizing was one thing, though, and actually going through with it. . . that was something else entirely. Ben got up and went barefoot over to where he’d left his bag. After digging around in it a minute, he found the baby oil he’d brought for taking off their eye makeup. He decided that if it was good enough lube for fingering, it’d be good enough for sex too, but there wasn’t anything he could do about the lack of condoms except hope that Poe was okay with not using any. He jumped when Poe opened the door again. The smaller boy chuckled at Ben’s nervousness as he came in and locked the door behind him. “Shut up,” Ben muttered, “you’d be as freaked out as I would if your mom came in right now.” “Mom’s not coming in,” Poe retorted. He turned on a small reading lamp on his nightstand and switched off the overhead light. “Yeah, then why’d you lock the door?” challenged Ben. “‘Cos—‘cos it’d be dumb to tempt fate,” Poe muttered. “Stop being a jerk.” He stood by the bed with his arms wrapped around his chest, kind of protectively, and glared at Ben. “I’m not—okay, okay, sorry.” Ben took a deep breath and reminded himself that being nervous wasn’t any reason to hurt Poe’s feelings. He said more sincerely, “I’m sorry, baby,” and put his arms around Poe. Poe made an indignant noise but hugged Ben anyway, and a second later, Ben felt the smaller boy cuddling closer and nuzzling his neck. “What’s the oil for?” Poe murmured. “You wanna take off our makeup first?” “No, you still look hot in it. Even with it smeared all over your face,” Ben teased him. He tilted Poe’s chin up with his free hand and kissed his red-stained lips. Poe’s eyeliner had gotten smudged too, but the smoky effect just made his brown eyes look even sexier than usual. “It’s smeared all over yours too, stork,” Poe informed him. He tightened his arms around Ben’s waist and rubbed up against him. “So if the oil isn’t for taking our makeup off, why are you still holding it?” Ben felt his face grow warm, and he wondered if Poe were really that clueless. . . until he took a good look at the playful expression in those sexy brown eyes. When Poe saw that he had Ben’s full attention, he slowly sucked his lower lip into his mouth, bit down on it, and pulled it back out through his teeth before pursing his lips slightly. Ben’s erection had already begun to resurface, and as he watched what Poe was doing with his lips, it promptly returned in full force. Nearly all of his nervousness dissolved, too: Poe clearly wanted Ben as much as Ben wanted him. And it’s going to be good, Ben thought, whatever we do and however we do it. Anything I do with him has to be good. He let go of Poe’s chin and put his hand down to grip Poe’s hip instead as he whispered, “I’m holding the oil ‘cos I’m about to rub it all over my dick.” “Yeah?” Poe slid his own hand down between Ben’s legs and squeezed. “And then what’re you gonna do?” Ben had to fight back a groan when Poe squeezed him, but he managed to choke out an answer: “Then I’m g-gonna—gonna put it in my hot little boyfriend.” He bent his head and caught Poe’s mouth again, kissing him deeply before almost growling, “I’m gonna make you feel so good, Poe, I promise.” “Mmmn, Ben,” Poe hissed. He backed up to the side of his bed, pulling Ben after him by the hand gripping his crotch; then Poe let go and grasped the bottom of his dress instead. He was about to pull it off when Ben grabbed his wrist to stop him. “No, leave it on,” he begged. “You look so hot in it. Just take your underwear off.” Poe’s face turned red, but he nodded and pulled the hem of the dress up to his waist. Ben stared as Poe hesitated, then stripped off his underwear before quickly tugging the dress down again. When Ben tried to tug the dress back up, Poe scolded him and pushed his hands away. “Nunh unh, you gotta take your pants off first. And your shirt,” Poe informed Ben. He sat down on the edge of the bed and started unbuttoning Ben’s pants. Ben decided he’d better bring up the condoms now, before he got too distracted, and he drew in a shaky breath. “Uh, Poe? I don’t. . . I don’t have any condoms. Do you?” Poe stopped with his hands on Ben’s waist and looked up at him. “No.” He shook his head. “Do—do you think we have to have them?” “No,” Ben said, too quickly since he was terrified Poe would decide they did have to have them. He took another breath and said more calmly, “I mean. . . they’d be for you more than for me, since we’re both—um, neither of us has ever. . . done it before.” Poe’s heavy eyebrows shifted slightly, making the faint crease appear between them that showed up whenever he was worried or confused. “Hunh?” Ben laughed, which relaxed him a little more; then he sat down beside Poe on the bed and hugged him again. “I mean, we’re both virgins, right?” Ben murmured. “And I’ve never done anything with anybody but you. So I’m, uh, I’m clean.” “Oh. Yeah, me too,” Poe said. “I, uh. . . well, I’d kissed a couple girls before we kissed for the first time. But I’ve never done anything else with anybody but you, I promise.” He looked up at Ben with another slightly mischievous smile. “And I don’t think you can get me pregnant, so why’d you say using a condom would be for me ?” Ben had snickered again at the pregnancy joke, but he stopped at Poe’s question and mumbled, “I mean. . . I dunno if you want me to, um, to come in you. I can try to pull out, but—but that’s why I. . . I said that.” “Oh.” Poe looked down, and Ben’s heart nearly stopped, but then Poe tightened his arms around Ben’s shoulders and leaned up to whisper against his ear, “I want you to come in me, Ben. I’ve thought about it, over and over—feeling you come in me.” “Fuck, Poe,” Ben whispered back, helplessly. Poe let go of Ben’s shoulders with one arm so he could push his hand into Ben’s opened pants and grope him, until Ben’s breathing had become ragged and he was thrusting into Poe’s hand through his underwear. Finally Poe pulled his hand out and tugged down Ben’s pants, then stepped back. “Take everything off,” Poe ordered, and Ben set down the oil on Poe’s nightstand before scrambling to comply. He felt a little weird getting completely naked while Poe still had part of his costume on, but when he saw how intently Poe was watching him undress, Ben felt kind of proud too. He really does like how I look, Ben realized as he stepped out of his underwear then stripped off his jacket and shirt. He wants me just the way I am. . . . Poe confirmed that by pushing Ben back down to sit on the bed and straddling the larger boy’s lap, the way he had in the car. This time, though, Poe hiked his dress up around his hips so that their bare bodies rubbed against one another as he wrapped his arms around Ben and started kissing him again. Ben slid his hands up under Poe’s dress to grip his ass and hold Poe steady as Ben ground their cocks together between their abdomens. “Nngh!” Poe whimpered through their kiss. Ben held him tighter then suddenly flipped them both over, rolling Poe up onto the middle of the bed and pinning him down. When he broke the kiss, Ben looked down at Poe’s pretty face with a smirk. “Jerk!” Poe gasped. He writhed under Ben and clutched at his back as Ben pressed his mouth to the side of Poe’s neck and started kissing his way downward until the neckline of the dress got in his way. Ben slid down the length of Poe’s torso and resumed kissing just below his waist, where the skirt was pushed up. Poe whined and squirmed, trying to get his cock under Ben’s lips, but Ben avoided it and nibbled his stomach instead. He did have a plan; he wasn’t deliberately teasing Poe to be difficult. Ben just wanted his boyfriend to be desperate for him. From his. . . research online, Ben had reached the conclusion that Poe should be both turned on and relaxed at the same time for what they wanted to do. As much as Ben’s erection was insisting that it needed to be inside Poe as soon as possible, he also wanted to wait until he had done some other things to Poe first. Meanwhile, Poe had resulted to pulling on handfuls of Ben’s hair, trying to direct his mouth as he whined, “Ben, pleeeeease!” Ben finally relented and put his mouth over the head of Poe’s cock to suck it. Ben tasted a faint hint of soap, which told him what kind of “washing up” Poe had done before returning to his bedroom. The fact that Poe had been worried about something like being clean enough was so cute, it made Ben love him more than ever. Ben went down on Poe a few minutes before pulling off again and trailing kisses down the underside of his shaft. Poe kept making soft whimpering noises as Ben sucked, licked, and kissed him; then Ben sat up again and looked down at his prone boyfriend. Poe stared back up at him, pupils wide and tan body exposed to the waist by his hiked-up dress. Ben ran his hands up the outside of Poe’s thighs to his hips and whispered, “Turn over.” He saw Poe’s throat work as he swallowed. “Are you gonna do it now?” Poe asked. He wasn’t quite whispering, but he sounded hoarse, and Ben was glad he could honestly say no. “Not yet. Just turn over, baby.” Poe let out his held breath in a huff and mumbled, “Okay,” before rolling over onto his stomach. His dress was still down partway in back, covering most of his backside, and Ben resisted the urge to push it up. He grabbed a pillow instead and slid an arm under Poe’s waist to lift him up enough to shove the pillow between him and the bed. “What’re you—ugh, Ben, now my butt is in the air!” Poe grumbled, turning his head to glower at Ben over his shoulder. “I look like a slut.” Ben snickered and argued, “No, you don’t. You look fuckin’ hot though.” He put his hands back on Poe’s thighs, this time on the backs right above his knees, and drew them up until they rested just below his ass. Poe made a “hmph” noise and laid his head down, but the little wiggle of pleasure he gave in response to Ben’s touch didn’t escape the larger boy’s notice. Ben grinned and finally pushed Poe’s skirt up to his waist in back, then started massaging his ass with both hands. “Nngh, Ben,” Poe breathed. He squirmed again, clearly thrusting against the pillow under him. “Don’t make yourself come before I even get started,” Ben teased him. “I’m not ,” complained Poe. “You really do think I’m a slut, don’t you?” His tone was playful, but Ben wondered if it might be hiding a real worry. “Of course not, baby,” he told Poe gently. Ben reclined on his own stomach behind Poe and started caressing Poe’s spread thighs while still rubbing his ass. “I love you,” he mumbled against the warm skin his lips were touching. “Love you too,” Poe whispered. His body relaxed, although he still twitched from time to time as if he were having to fight the urge to grind against the pillow. After a couple minutes of Ben kissing and rubbing, Poe asked in a sultry, and hopeful, whisper, “You gonna finger me?” “In a little bit, yeah,” Ben told him. He’d kissed his way up Poe’s left thigh, almost to his balls, and he stopped to nuzzle them with his mouth. Poe gasped, “Ooh!” and arched his back. Ben went on, “I’ve only ever used two fingers before—think you can handle three?” He said it playfully, since Poe had better be able to if he was going to handle Ben’s cock, but Poe squirmed eagerly just the same. “God, yes,” he whined. “Please, go on and do it, Ben, please !” “Nunh unh, not yet.” Ben smiled at the frustrated noise Poe made and started licking his balls instead. Poe’s complaints faded to whimpers, then another choked gasp when Ben spread his ass with both hands and suddenly flicked his tongue up. “ Ben! ” Poe fairly shrieked before he lowered his voice. “What’re you—oh fuck !” Ben had never rimmed Poe before—not for lack of wanting to, but because he was afraid Poe would be too embarrassed to go for it. But now, Ben reasoned, if he was about to stick his dick up Poe’s ass, Poe didn’t have cause to be embarrassed about much of anything. Poe managed it all the same, though, wailing in an agonized whisper, “B-ben, you—you’re not—you’re not gonna lick me th-there—” Ben held back a frustrated groan of his own and lifted his head. “Do you want me to stop?” he asked as gently as he could manage. “I’ll just finger you instead if you don’t want me to rim you.” “I, I—you don’t want to—to rim me, do you?” Poe stammered. “Fuck yes I want to,” Ben breathed. He bent his head to kiss the small of Poe’s back and murmur against it, “I won’t do it if you say no, but I want to do it.” “Ben!” Poe hissed. He arched his back again, pushing his ass up. Ben smirked and kissed Poe again, a little bit lower. “Do you want me to stop?” he whispered, now sure of the answer. “Or do you want me to keep going?” “Ben, please. . . .” When Poe didn’t continue, Ben flicked his tongue into the top of the cleft of his ass. Poe gasped. “Please what? Do you want me to rim you?” Ben licked the cleft, slower. Poe tasted like soap there, too, but also salty like the sweat that had beaded up on his back. “Do you want me to lick you there ?” Poe choked out a soft, “Yes! I’ve—I’ve thought about it, a lot, but—but I was scared to ask. I thought you’d say it was gross.” “You thought about it, hunh, rooster?” Ben asked as he spread Poe’s ass again with his hands. “Y-yeah. . . .” Ben lowered his head and licked Poe slowly, dragging his tongue from the top of his balls upward. Poe made a strangled whining noise he’d never made before. “That’s what you want me to do to you?” Ben whispered. “Just like that?” “Yeah. . . yeah!” Poe’s whimpers turned to moans as Ben started licking him in earnest, first up and down and then in circles. Poe writhed and squirmed blissfully, sometimes bucking hard against his pillow until he really did get close to coming; then he’d stop and hold still except for a trembling he couldn’t prevent. “Ben, please, more!” he groaned after a few minutes. “It feels so good!” “You want more, baby, you want me to eat your tight little ass?” Ben growled. Poe squealed, “Yes!” so loudly, Ben worried for a second that someone might overhear, but then Poe pressed his mouth against the blanket to muffle himself, and Ben did what he wanted. It turned Ben on so much, he had to use all his willpower not to thrust against the bed himself. When he knew he wouldn’t be able to resist much longer, he drew back. “Poe,” he panted, “I wanna fuck you, I need it.” “Do it,” Poe moaned into the blanket. “Please, I want you so bad.” After hearing Poe ask for it like that, Ben barely had the presence of mind to grab the bottle of oil from the nightstand, but he was afraid of hurting Poe if they didn’t use any lube but his spit. “Just a minute, baby, I said I was gonna finger you, remember?” Ben muttered. He upturned the bottle and dripped oil onto Poe’s ass. “Do it quick,” Poe commanded, squirming when the cooler oil touched his heated skin. Ben fumbled the bottle back onto the nightstand and trailed his middle finger through the oil before pushing it slowly into Poe’s ass. It sank in without any resistance; the rimjob had made Poe relax and loosen up as promised by the sex guides Ben had consulted. Poe sighed with pleasure while Ben thrust his finger in and out a few times. Ben pulled his hand back, pressed his second finger against the third, and pushed them both in. That felt a little tighter, but not much, and Poe bucked his ass back to meet Ben’s hand. “More!” he demanded. “Just a minute!” Ben was still sufficiently afraid of hurting Poe to keep from giving in right away, and he fingered Poe a minute more before pulling out again and pressing three fingers together. As he worked his fingertips in, he asked, “Is that okay, baby? It’s a lot tighter.” “Yeah, I’m okay, put ‘em in,” Poe mumbled. He groaned into the blanket when Ben slowly pressed his fingers forward, but his ass stretched to accommodate them, and when Ben asked if it hurt at all, Poe shook his head. Still, Ben worked him with the three fingers for several minutes, despite the insistent throbbing of his own erection. Only when Poe began arching again to meet his thrusts and moaning with pleasure did Ben decide he really was ready. “I’m—I’m gonna do it, okay, baby?” he whispered hoarsely. Poe whispered back, “Yeah. Do it, Ben, I want you to do it.” Ben twisted his fingers in Poe’s ass a final time, then pulled them out and wrapped his hand around his cock to pump it a little, coating it with the baby oil and the precum he was leaking. Poe whined impatiently and rocked his ass up. He hadn’t closed up all the way after all the rimming and fingering, and Ben thought he could have come just from seeing Poe like that. Ben swallowed and coaxed Poe to raise up on his knees; then he shifted to kneel behind Poe with one hand gripping his ass and the other wrapped around his own shaft to steady it. He pressed the flushed head of his cock against Poe and pushed in as slowly as he could. Like Ben’s finger, it started going in without any resistance, but then it hit the inner ring of muscle, and Poe clamped down with a gasp. “Relax, baby,” Ben murmured, although his voice was shaking. “And bear down a little. It’ll be easi—oh fuck !” he cried out when the resistance in Poe’s ass suddenly gave way and his cock sank in a couple inches. Ben had never felt anything so hot, or so tight, before. Poe whimpered, “Ben! Stay right there a minute!” Ben felt Poe’s muscles flutter as he clenched; the pressure was almost enough to make Ben come, and he had to force himself to relax as much as Poe was having to. “Does it hurt? Do you want me to stop?” Ben asked. “No, don’t stop,” Poe whispered. “Just—just don’t move yet. Nngh, it burns .” “I’m sorry, baby. Are you sure you don’t want me to pull out?” Ben was about to do so regardless until Poe shook his head rapidly. “No, i-it’s getting better. I’m getting used to it.” The fluttering of Poe’s muscles stilled, and he let out a shaky laugh. “It didn’t hurt at all the way I thought it would, it just burned some, but now—” He broke off and actually pushed back a little, enough to take another half inch of Ben’s cock in. “Now it’s feeling good. Go on, put more in.” “Okay. . . .” Still unsure, Ben let go of his shaft to grip Poe’s hips with both hands, and he thrust in slowly. The sight of more than half of his cock disappearing into Poe’s ass was probably the hottest thing he’d ever seen, and the eagerness of Poe’s reaction soon had him convinced that Poe really did like it. “You feel so big,” Poe breathed. “Is it all in?” Ben nearly chuckled. “No, there’s like—two more inches.” “Shit,” Poe breathed, “put it all in. I want it, Ben, all of it!” “Fuck yeah, Poe,” Ben hissed as he pushed forward, this time with less trepidation. The rest of his cock sank in, until his abdomen was pressed up against Poe’s ass. “That’s it, baby, you took it all,” Ben told Poe, who was making soft “mmm” noises and rubbing his ass back against Ben with little circular motions. “Oh God, it feels so good in me, I feel so full,” Poe groaned. He clenched his muscles around Ben’s cock, deliberately this time, and Ben whimpered with pleasure himself. Now Poe laughed as he cooed, “You like it, stork, you like me riding your dick?” Usually Ben was the one to talk dirty, and hearing Poe say something like that nearly drove him crazy. “Yeah,” Ben said, “I love it, you feel so—so fuckin’ good .” “Then fuck me,” Poe nearly growled. Ben pulled back a few inches and slid forward again until he couldn’t go any deeper. Poe groaned an encouraging “Yes!”, and Ben started thrusting in earnest. The heat and pressure of Poe’s ass enveloping his cock was like nothing Ben had ever experienced, or even imagined, and he was so lost in ecstasy, he didn’t recognize the signs of an impending orgasm until it was too late for him to stop it. Oh shit, no not yet— was as far as Ben’s thoughts got before he started to climax, after only a few thrusts. Then he gave in and let it happen, groaning from deep in his chest and closing his eyes as he came the hardest he could ever remember coming. When he’d finished, Ben shuddered one last time before opening his eyes. “Ben, did you—did you just come?” Poe gasped. “Y-yeah, I—fuck, I’m sorry, Poe,” Ben sighed miserably. “I—I couldn’t stop it, I. . . fuck .” Despite the pleasure he’d experienced, Ben didn’t think he’d ever been so humiliated before in his life. . . but then he realized his cock was still buried in Poe, and still partially hard. Maybe it wasn’t all over yet, after all. “Baby, it’s okay,” Poe reassured him, “it’s fine. It felt really good, you coming in me.” “You could feel it?” When Poe nodded, Ben leaned forward over his back and wrapped one arm around Poe’s chest, supporting his weight on the bed with the other arm. He kissed Poe’s shoulder and the side of his neck before whispering to him, “I think I can get hard again. Just keep talking—tell me what it felt like.” “It felt hot,” Poe murmured. His neck was hot too, heat radiating off his skin against Ben’s cheek. “I couldn’t feel you, uh, shooting, but it felt warm deep inside me. . . it still does.” He pushed back against Ben’s abdomen and thighs, and Ben groaned at the sensation. He heard Poe draw in his breath then whisper, “You’re getting hard again, aren’t you? I feel it getting bigger in me.” “Yeah, I’m—nngh, Poe. . . .” Ben started thrusting again, slowly, as he stiffened completely. Now he wasn’t nearly as sensitive, and he sped up his thrusts without being afraid of coming again too soon. Poe made a low moaning noise through his teeth and kept pushing against him, until he was rocking back as hard as Ben was rocking forward. “God, yeah, Ben, give it to me,” he panted. His words degenerated into incoherent sounds of pleasure that got progressively louder, until Ben started to worry about Poe’s brother overhearing from across the hall. Ben stopped moving again, holding himself deep inside Poe who kept grinding back against him. “Don’t stop!” Poe gasped. “Why’d you—” Ben brought his hand up over Poe’s mouth and hissed, “Baby, shh! You’re getting loud, someone’s gonna hear you.” “Mmngh!” Poe growled indignantly, but then he nodded. Ben uncovered his mouth and slid his hand between Poe’s body and the pillow to find Poe’s erection. It was leaking precum and so hard, it curved upward and almost touched his stomach. When Ben closed his fingers around it, Poe whined and thrust into his hand. “Please, fuck me some more,” he begged in a whisper. “I’ll be quiet, I promise!” At Ben’s next thrust, Poe grunted and dropped his head, crushing his mouth against the blanket to muffle his cries. Ben grinned and fucked him harder. Poe kept making noises—and Ben didn’t think there could be a sexier sound in the entire world—but they were too soft for there to be any danger of someone else overhearing. Ben made a few noises himself at the feeling of Poe’s muscles clenching and grinding around him. He tried to stroke Poe’s erection in time to his thrusts, and when he managed to get into a rhythm of doing that, he shifted his hips to angle his cock farther downward so it would press on Poe’s prostate as Ben slid in and out. Ben knew he’d found his target when Poe squealed into the blanket and bucked his hips up to meet Ben’s next thrust. Ben leaned forward and pressed his own lips to Poe’s back as he concentrated on making his boyfriend come. Poe grunted, “Nngh, nnnnngh, nngh!” as Ben fucked him; then Ben felt the smaller boy’s body tense up beneath him. Poe began to tremble then shudder, and he clamped down so tight around Ben’s cock, it almost hurt. Ben gasped against Poe’s neck and kept thrusting as much as he could while Poe’s erection throbbed and twitched in his hand. When Ben had fantasized about having sex with Poe, he’d always imagined them coming at the same time, but it didn’t happen that way thanks to Ben’s earlier orgasm. Yet even though Ben couldn’t come again so soon, he loved feeling Poe climaxing against him. Ben slowed his thrusts, then stopped completely when he realized Poe had finished. Poe slumped forward over the pillow and panted for breath with his cheek pressed against the bed. One last, weak tremble moved through his body as Ben kissed his neck ardently. “Mmm, Poe,” he breathed against the curls of dark brown hair that fell over Poe’s ear, “I love you, baby, I love you so much.” “Ben. . . l-love, love you too. . . .” Poe turned his head, trying to kiss Ben’s mouth, but couldn’t quite reach it. “Did—did you come again?” “Nunh unh. I just wanted to make you come.” Ben started to slide out of him, but to his surprise, Poe clenched his muscles to hold him in. “No, keep going,” Poe whispered. “I want you to come again. Inside me.” Ben almost protested, despite the invitation, but then Poe clenched around him again. It felt so good, Ben gave in and resumed his thrusting. He raised up on his knees and clutched Poe’s hips, then looked down. The sight of Poe with his legs splayed and dress hitched up to his waist was so hot, it didn’t take Ben very long to come again, after all. When he had finished, he finally pulled out as carefully as he could, then lay down beside Poe and pulled him into his arms. “You okay, baby?” Ben murmured. “I didn’t—I didn’t hurt you any, did I?” “No. I’m okay.” Poe turned his head to look at Ben. He was beaming. “More than okay. It was so, so good.” He wrapped his arms around Ben and nestled against his chest. “It was amazing,” Ben told him in between kisses to Poe’s sweaty hair. “ You’re amazing. So hot, so. . . fuck, Poe, I can’t believe you’re my boyfriend.” Poe laughed, hard. “Ben, baby, I wanna be your boyfriend forever.” Then he shifted to look back up at Ben and lifted his left hand—the one still wearing the promise ring. “Forever until I’m your husband.” Ben grasped Poe’s hand, closed his eyes, and kissed the slender fingers beneath the ring because he didn’t trust himself to speak. -- The next morning, Ben woke up before Poe did. It took Ben a minute to remember where he was—first that he had spent the night with Poe, then what he had done with Poe. Ben felt himself break into a large, involuntary grin. Before they’d fallen asleep, they had pulled on their shorts (and Poe had pulled off his dress) and snuck to the bathroom to clean themselves up, which included taking off what little smudged makeup remained on their faces. Back in the bedroom, Poe sleepily grumbled about having to do extra laundry as he stripped off his pillowcase and, after a quick examination, the blanket. They were warm enough cuddled together in bed even with just a sheet over them, and so tired they fell asleep right away. Now Poe was curled up facing Ben, dark lashes dusting his cheeks and his lips slightly parted. His left hand rested on the bed near his chin, and he still wore Ben’s ring on it. Poe looked so beautiful, Ben felt the same sense of unbelief he had the night before. He really wants to be with me forever, Ben marveled. He stroked Poe’s hair back from his face and slid closer to kiss his boyfriend’s forehead. Poe shifted at his touch and then drowsily slipped his arms around Ben’s chest. “G’morning,” Poe mumbled. Ben felt Poe’s lips brush a kiss against his breastbone and trail upward until they reached Ben’s mouth. “I thought roosters were supposed to crow in the morning,” Ben teased after they kissed. “You wanna know how to make me crow?” Poe craned his neck to whisper in Ben’s ear, “Fuck me again.” “Damn, Poe,” hissed Ben. “You really want me to? Right now ?” Poe drew back and smiled as he looked at Ben from under half-lowered eyelids and asked, “Do you want to?” “ Yeah I do,” Ben breathed. He pulled Poe closer, kissed him again, and slid a hand down over his hip. . . then groaned when someone pounded on Poe’s door. A second later, B.B. bellowed from outside, “ Poe! Are you gonna sleep all day? It’s almost ten!” “Ugh,” muttered Ben. Poe chuckled and sighed at the same time, then pushed himself up into a sitting position. “Sorry. I guess we’re not doing it again right now after all—” he began, but B.B. interrupted again. “ Poe!!! ” “All right, I’m getting up!” Poe shouted. “Hold on, we’ll be out in a minute!” Ben grumbled as he sat up too and swung his legs over the side of the bed. But then Poe wrapped his arms around Ben’s shoulders and hugged him close. “I really am sorry,” he whispered, and Ben melted inside. “It’s okay, baby.” Ben turned to hug Poe tightly; then he asked, “Hey, think you can come over to my house later today? No little brothers there. . . .” Poe laughed again and kissed the end of Ben’s nose. “I think maybe I could,” he said. After his laughter faded, Poe added more soberly, “Thank you for putting up with B.B. last night, Ben. You really did make him happy, dressing up and coming with us.” “I’m. . . I’m glad,” mumbled Ben. “I want him to like me, because you love him so much—and I love you .” “I know,” whispered Poe. “I love you too.” As they got up and pulled on their clothes, Ben asked, “Are you gonna leave your ring on? I. . . was wondering if you were gonna tell your mom about it.” Poe’s cheeks flushed a little, but he nodded. “I’m not ever taking it off. And if she asks about it, I’ll tell her. Her and B.B.” Once they were dressed, Poe hugged Ben again then looked up at him. “What about your parents? Will you tell them?” Ben rolled his eyes. “My dad probably wouldn’t notice if you came over in a wedding dress. But yeah, Mom’ll grill me about it if she sees the ring on you. And. . . and I’ll tell her the truth.” He squeezed Poe tightly then looked down into his pretty eyes. “I’ll tell her that I’m gonna marry you one day. Know why?” Still smiling, Poe raised his eyebrows. “Why?” “‘Cos,” said Ben. “B.B. was right about us being like Jack and Sally. And not because I don’t deserve you, even if I don’t.” Poe scolded him, “Of course you deserve me!” then lay his head against Ben’s shoulder with a blissful smile. “But I know what you mean. We are like Jack and Sally. . . because we’re simply meant to be.” -- The End Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the BenPoe High School AU series