The front door rattled when it was slammed shut, the hydraulics in it worn out years prior. Poe’s head snapped up to a man--who had four inches and a solid hundred pounds on him (and Poe was not small by any means) heading for the stairs to the upper level. He made it in front of him in time to stop him, with a hand light on his chest, not wanting to aggravate the man any further. “Hey, hey, employees only,” Poe said, voice level but stern. “Get outta my fuckin’ way, fag, I know she’s up there!” was the response he was greeted with, his hand batted away roughly. “There’s no one allowed up there besides employees, and you sure as hell aren’t laying a hand on anyone who works for me.” “She’s a fuckin’ whore!” the man yelled up the stairs. “You hear that Lacey? A fuckin’ whore!” Poe knew exactly who he was after, and the thin walls meant that she could probably hear him downstairs yelling. And Poe was scared shitless for her. “There’s no one up there man, I swear to god, it’s just me here right now.” Poe’s hand went to his chest again, pushing him back slightly. He got his wrist grabbed roughly in return, and he was shoved up against the wall so hard that a picture fell. Poe mourned the loss of a good frame for sale for a half second before trying to break the man’s hold on him. The front door rang, and Poe saw a little old lady fleeing with an armful of clothes she hadn’t paid for. "Jesus Christ, man, get a grip! I told she's not here, and you're scaring away my fuckin' customers!" "I'm coming back here tomorrow, you fuckin fag," he said, red in the face but letting Poe go. Thankfully, he stalked out of the store and drove off without Poe having to do much else, but he locked the doors as soon as he saw the car disappear and ran upstairs. A soft knock at the door, and Poe waited a second. "Jess, honey, you guys doing okay? He just left and I locked up the shop." He waited, and waited, and finally heard the chain move from the door and the deadbolt get undone. Jess looked frazzled, to say the least, and the poor girl behind her looked far worse. "Be right back, sweetie," she said softly, and stepped out into the hall with Poe. "This isn't supposed to happen," she sighed, pushing her hair out of her face. "I know, hon," Poe murmured. "C'mon, need a smoke?" he asked, pulling a pack of menthols from his pocket. "God, you read my mind," she laughed, taking one and lighting up right there in the small hallway. "I oughta get her to the shelter tonight, honestly, but I don't know that she'll calm down enough to let me lead her to the car." "Give it an hour or two, I can take you guys too if we need to." Jess took a long drag before responding. "I... let me take your car? If he followed us here, he wouldn't recognize your plates." "Yeah, of course hon, whatever you need." Poe grabbed the cigarette from her and took a couple puffs himself. "Christ, I need this after having to deal with that asshole." He handed it back after a long minute. "You should get back to her. Here's my keys," he said, fishing them from his pocket. The pride flag keychain he had snagged on the inside of his pocket and it took a second to get them out. "Let me know when you're leaving, I'll walk you to the car." "Alright." Jess took one last heavy drag, exhaling slowly and putting out the cig on the metal railing. She knocked lightly on the door before disappearing back inside the room. Poe picked her cigarette butt off the floor and tossed it in the coffee can at the top of the stairs before going downstairs. The ex's car was still gone, so he unlocked the front door. Three hours til close, and not enough to do. He sorted through a couple bags of donations, finding only two things in them that he could even tag and put up for sale. The rest went into the dumpster. He nearly fell asleep at the counter, only keeping from it because Jess and the girl--Lacey, he realized--needed to leave. It was about a block from the store to where he normally parked (a security measure), and they walked the distance with Poe's arm around Lacey. She was trembling a bit, and Poe held tightly to her to help keep her calm until they got her into the car. "Are you bringing the car back, or should I take yours?" He asked, shutting the door behind the girl. "Here's my keys in case I can't make it back before closing," Jess said. "See you tomorrow, hon." Poe pocketed the keys and nodded. "See you." He waited til they were driving away to head back to the shop. They definitely wouldn't be back before close; he'd finished everything he needed to besides counting down the till and would be gone within a half hour of locking up. So he counted it down, locked the front door, and flipped the sign to "closed". He was beyond spaced out when he got in the car, feeling emotionally drained from the short encounter earlier. He didn't know how Jess did it every day, and he pulled out of the parking lot with a sigh. It was dark by the time he was heading home, and he lived a ways out of town. Back roads and thick brush to the sides of the road, combined with the fact that he'd forgotten to turn his brights on, meant he didn't see the dog until he heard it hit the car. Slamming the brakes, Poe shoved the car into park and got out. “Jesus, shit shit shit--” the curses continued as he knelt beside the trembling animal on the gravel. A good sign, at least--the dog was still alive. As carefully as he could manage, he felt along the dog's rib cage, and its legs, checking for broken bones. He pressed in the wrong place, eliciting a sharp whine from the dog. “Oh, baby, baby, it’s okay, I'm so sorry,” he murmured, tears welling up. He pulled his jacket off and wrapped the dog in it, eyes spilling over as the dog cried. “We’re gonna get you to the vet, get you taken care of, baby,” he assured the dog, hoping his tone at least would be soothing. Adjusting his seat, he got into the car with the dog in his lap, holding it gently as it shook in his arms. “Hold on, baby, you're gonna be okay, everything’s gonna be fine.” He made sure to turn his brights on this time, turning around sharply and speeding back towards town. He didn't know how he remembered that there was a 24-hour animal hospital, but he was thankful for it, pulling into the parking lot and easing the dog out carefully. He hit the handicap button with his elbow, cradling the dog as he headed inside. “I hit a dog,” he blurted out to the man behind the counter, wanting to cry because he felt so goddamn shitty about it. “Okay, here, let's take it to the exam room and see what the damage is,” he said gently. “Sorry, I'm the only one on staff for the overnights." He held the door open for Poe--who was very thankful that he hadn't been met with a “my god, you monster, how could you hit a dog”, which was very much how he felt. “I think she's got something broken,” Poe said quietly, setting her on the exam table and petting her head. “It's gonna be okay, baby,” he murmured, just now noticing how pretty the dog was. Some kind of pit bull mix, rust colored and white, under the dirt and blood. “Did you say her name was Beebee?” the tech asked--Finn, from his name tag--as he felt along her ribs. “No, I… I think she's a stray, she came out of the woods near my house and I didn't see her until I… until I hit her.” Poe started crying then, lip trembling and all as he stroked her head. “Hey, hey, she seems like she's gonna be okay, hon, no need to cry,” Finn said gently, reaching to squeeze Poe's hand. “I’ll do some x-rays, get her leg set and do some stitches, and then you can take her home.” “I… I don't think I can be a good dog parent,” Poe said. “Not after hitting her, Jesus.” “You brought her in though, you didn't just leave her there.” Finn said quietly. “If you really don't want to take her, I can keep her here overnight and take her to the shelter tomorrow. I'll let you think about it while I run the x-rays, okay?” “Okay,” Poe nodded mournfully and sat down when Finn took the dog. At the very least, he knew she'd be in good hands if he left her with Finn. It was a good hour before Finn came back, and Poe had spent the whole time alternating between bouncing his leg and chewing his nails, trying to calm himself. The dog wasn’t with Finn, and Poe snapped to attention, worried something had happened to her. “So, she’s got the broken leg and a small fracture on one of her ribs, but no internal damage. She should heal up fine, given enough time--I put a cast on her. Oh, and I checked for a microchip and didn’t find anything, so she’s as good as yours if you want her.” “Should I… should I just take her home, then? I mean, obviously I’ll get food and stuff here, and a collar, but I… oh god, I don’t know how to take care of a dog,” Poe said, putting his head in his hands. “Here, I’ll…” Finn reached into the pocket of his lab coat and pulled out a business card for the animal hospital. He scribbled something on the back and handed it to Poe. “It’s uh… the hospital number, obviously, and my cell number’s on the back if you have any questions you can’t find on the internet,” he said, almost bashfully, though Poe was certain he was reading into it too much. “Do you want a carrier for her?” “Oh, thanks,” Poe said softly, his cheeks going a bit pink. “No, I’ll… if she’s calm enough, I’ll keep her in my lap in the car.” “She’s… a remarkably calm dog, especially considering what she’s been through,” Finn said, sitting down on the bench next to Poe. “Not super skittish for a rescue, either, though… I did give her something for the pain, but she’s probably going to cry. A lot. So be prepared to lose sleep,” he laughed. “As long as she’ll be okay, I’ll put up with anything,” Poe laughed. Finn’s hand on his knee startled him. “Sorry, you were… seemed anxious,” Finn mumbled, taking his hand back. Poe’d been bouncing his leg again and hadn’t even realized. “I’ll um… I’ll get you set up with some food and stuff,” he said, about to leave the room. “Wait, can I get the dog first?” Poe asked, grabbing the sleeve of Finn’s jacket to keep him from leaving. “Oh geez, yeah, of course,” Finn laughed. “Been a long night already and I’m here until six,” he said, helping Poe to his feet. “Anyway, she should sleep most of tonight, if she’s not in too much pain. And you’re gonna have to think of a name besides “dog” soon too,” he added with a grin, leading Poe to the room beyond the exam room. The dog--what had Finn thought her name was? Beebee?--was evidently asleep on the floor, one back leg in a turquoise blue cast. “I’ll figure something out,” he said softly, loathe to rouse her. He stroked her head lightly, and she lifted her head a bit, blinking awake. “Hey there, baby,” he murmured. And okay, he could see why Finn had thought “baby” was “beebee”. Kneeling beside her, Poe picked her up as carefully as he could, trying to avoid her hurt leg. “Can you… can you help me carry out the food and stuff?” he whispered, cradling her gently. “Oh, yeah, of course,” Finn answered quietly, holding the door open for Poe as they headed to the lobby. “Sorry, the stuff we sell here is a bit pricey,” he said with an apologetic smile, picking out a small bag of dog food for her. “Which collar do you want? I can put a tag on her right now, with your name and number, and get her name engraved on it later. If she ends up being a bit skittish or you plan on letting her stay outdoors a lot, you should definitely get a chip put in her,” he said, scratching behind her ear. “We’ll see how tonight goes?” Poe said. “Oh, that blue one, maybe?” he asked, nodding to a light blue collar on the wall. Finn took it down, and a retractable leash, and rang them up along with the dog food. “Blue’s a good color on her,” he grinned, glancing at her cast. “Oh, another thing--sorry, I keep adding things for you to do--you’re gonna want to give her a sponge bath or just wipe her down tomorrow. Should’ve thought of it before I put the cast on her, but… she needs to be cleaned. Want some flea and tick repellent?” “O-oh, yeah, probably. I really don’t know the first thing about taking care of dogs,” Poe said sheepishly. “Like I said, if you have any questions, you can call me anytime,” Finn smiled, bagging up the items. “Dog bowls?” Poe blushed a bit. “I’ll pick some up at Walmart tomorrow?” “Alright.” Finn gave him his total, then frowned. “Gonna give you ten percent off since you’ve evidently had a very rough night.” “Oh, my hero,” Poe laughed, adjusting his hold on the dog. “Thank you though, seriously. Um… wallet’s in my back pocket,” he mumbled; he couldn’t grab it without letting go of the dog. Finn came out from behind the counter and reached around Poe, pulling it out effortlessly. His face was inches from Poe’s--apparently it was only the dog between them that kept him from getting any closer. “This card?” he asked, pulling one out. Poe nodded and Finn swiped it, still holding his battered leather wallet. “Poe Dameron, huh? Hey, don’t you run that thrift store down town, uh…” “Second Chance Consignment, cheesy name, I know,” Poe laughed. “You can just put my wallet in one of the bags, but I--how do you know who I am? I’m pretty sure I’d remember seeing you there.” “I… uh… don’t take this the wrong way, but I honestly only know who you are because you’re gay,” Finn said, purposefully looking away. “Um.” “Christ, that sounded bad, I mean… I just moved here a few months ago, but I have a friend from here, and since they’re gay, they know like… everyone in town who is, apparently, and told me who you were.” “Oh that’s… yeah, that’s pretty much what it’s like here,” Poe laughed, only slightly less embarrassed that his reputation apparently preceded him, all the way to the cute, bright eyed young vet in front of him. “Uh… keys are in my jacket pocket,” he said as Finn hefted his things onto one arm. He unlocked the car and grabbed the door for Poe, setting the things on top of the car to help him get the dog in as well. Poe buckled as Finn loaded the dog supplies into the passenger side. Handing off the keys to Poe, Finn held the door open a moment longer. “I know I said you could call anytime, but.. I usually work overnights, ten to six, so I’m usually asleep during the day. But you can text too, and I’ll respond when I can!” he added quickly. “Thank you so much, Finn, seriously.” “Well, it’s my job, but… drive safe, okay?” “I’m gonna be driving much safer after this,” he laughed softly, nodding to the trembling creature on his lap. “Right. If I don’t hear from you… I’ll give you a call when it’s time to get her cast off. Goodnight, Poe.” Finn finally closed the door then, sending Poe off with a wave. ***** Poe carried the dog up first, taking her into the apartment and setting her on the bed while he made up a makeshift dog bed in the corner of his room from couch cushions and throw pillows, draping a blanket over top. He didn’t want to move the dog more than necessary, so he set her gently onto the dog bed, then headed back out to the car to get the rest of her things. When he came back, he could hear her crying in the bedroom the second he opened his door. He rushed to see what was wrong, but she quieted as soon as he came into the room. He looked at her big brown eyes and it seemed like she was just as confused as he was. Going back out to the kitchen, he filled a plastic cereal bowl with dog food, and one with water, hurrying back because it sounded like she was whining again. And again, she stopped once he was in the room. “Here you go, Beebee,” he said softly, setting them down in front of her. “Will you be okay if I get ready for bed?” he asked, scratching behind her ear when she looked up at him mournfully. He didn’t want to leave her alone, but she scooted closer to the bowl of food and was soon too invested in it to be bothered with Poe. Taking advantage of that, he got into his pajamas, washed his face, and took his medication. He glanced over at her, noting the dirt and small amount of blood still on her. Looking in the bag to see if Finn had given him anything he could use, he found a bottle of flea shampoo. “Alright, hon, let’s try and get you cleaned up too,” he sighed. He took one of the plastic bags and tied it loosely over her cast, carrying her into the bathroom and setting her in the tub. She seemed fine, so far, so he turned the water on, low but warm, and lathered up a washcloth with the shampoo. It took the better part of an hour, but he eventually got her clean, and mostly dry. Under the grime, she was an even prettier russet color, with white markings on her chin, chest, and belly, and a little white tip to her tail. Her fur was sleek and shiny, and infinitely softer for having been cleaned. The little roughness left to it, Poe guessed was caused by malnourishment. “You took it like a champ, Beebee,” Poe grinned, carrying her back to the bedroom and putting her back on her makeshift bed. Shutting out the light, he got into bed himself. And then she was crying again. Up, and out of bed, he flicked the light back on and knelt beside her. He pet her for a few minutes until she seemed calm again, then got back into bed. Repeat this four times before she finally seemed to fall asleep. Poe, utterly exhausted, was on the brink of sleep when he heard her crying right beside the bed. She’d evidently limped over there, crying and unable to get on the bed because of her hind leg. Poe sighed, picking her up and hauling her into bed with him. “C’mere, you whiny mutt,” he said, though his tone was hopefully affectionate enough that he wouldn’t hurt her feelings. He curled up around her, pulling the blankets around them both and holding her lightly as he fell asleep. Notes: follow me on tumblr stardusteddameron