August part 1 August Part 1 Weeks had gone by and yet, Rey still felt giddy. How could she not? Finally she was free. A year behind in starting college, but free from the homes the state would put her in. Her life had always felt like a revolving door of foster homes. Finally that’s over. She couldn’t help but smile every day when she woke up in her own bed. In her own apartment. Granted this wouldn’t be her apartment for very long. Rey needed a place to stay until she could move into her college dorm. Somehow she convinced the owner to let her stay for the two months she needed. She probably was being overcharged but she spent the last few years saving all of her paychecks so she could run as soon as possible. A part of her was still waiting for the other shoe to drop. She got into a good college on a scholarship. A college she wanted to go to. She has a roof over her head, and for the time being it’s hers. The only person that knows where she is Poe. Last she'd heard, he had been stationed in Europe. Her secret couldn’t be any safer. Rey couldn’t remember a time where she felt so much relief. She spent most of her day curled up on the couch rereading her favorite book. It’s probably her only possession that had survived all the moves she’s had. Ever since she was little, the myths told in those pages would inspired her, and they still brought her joy now. She would have read it cover to cover if her stomach didn’t start growling. The sun had already set by the time she finished her dinner. A bowl of easy mac. One of the finest dishes she could craft. Being on her own, she’s been able to relax for the first time that she could remember. She found that she enjoyed the quiet. She enjoyed her own company. But lately Rey has been missing being around other people. Going for walks or to the supermarket felt like cheap bandaids. Above all else she missed Poe. Her last foster home had been her longest stay. Five years. The only part that made it worth it was Poe. She always had to remind him that there was only two years between their ages, but he always acted like she was little kid compared to him. He meant it teasingly, and Rey forgave him because he ended up being the closest thing to a brother she will ever have. And she loves him for that. God does she miss him. He’s been gone for over a year now. She could feel herself frowning as she poked the bottom of her bowl with her fork. Poe wouldn’t be happy to see her feeling down. He always told her that life was for the living, and if you weren’t enjoying what you were doing then you weren’t living. Somehow that philosophy had always worked for him. Why not for her? Rey put her dirty dishes in the sink and took off for her bedroom. She dumped her purse on the bed. After a moment of sifting through pens, receipts, and change did she find what she was looking for: an ID. It wasn’t her driver’s license, but a fake ID Poe made years ago so they both could go out to the bar in the next town over. She was terrified the first time they used them. Afterwards they both lived for the thrill of not knowing if they would be caught or not. It has yet to fail her so why not try it out in her new city. If it fails maybe the Air Force will grant Poe some time off to bail her out of jail. It didn't take her very long to get ready. She dug out her simple black dress. She took her hair out of the buns she had it pulled back into; and brushed her hair until it fluffed and curled, framing her face. The excitement she felt tingling in her stomach made her feel like Poe’s here with her for this adventure. Rey greatly enjoyed the five minute walk to the bar. The air had cooled immensely compared to the scorching afternoon. As she approached the bar she had to take a few deep breaths to compose herself for her moment of truth. She stopped in front of the guy manning the door. More of a wall she decided as he towered over her. He took up most of the doorway too. “ID,” he said holding out a hand. Rey calmly dug it out and handed it to him. He stared at it for a moment. For Rey it felt like an eternity. She immediately second guessed herself and wondered if she had given him her real ID by mistake. “All set,” he said handing it back to her and looking at the people waiting in line behind her. Rey felt like she could breathe again. Grabbing her ID, she went inside and took a seat at the counter. The bartender made his way to her. “Hi,” she said with a smile. “What ya want?” “Rum and coke.” He nodded and started making the drink. Rey took out the money for her drink and placed it on the counter. A moment later the bartender placed a glass down and took the cash. Rey happily picked up the glass and started sipping her drink. She spent the next few minutes studying the room. Much to her surprise the inside was nicer than she had originally thought. It was still early so there weren't too many people. Rey liked that. The places her and Poe would go to could get so packed it could be overwhelming at times. This place could easily take the cake for her current favorite. Her gaze had honed in on the artwork on a far wall when a voice caught her attention. “Is this seat taken?” Rey looked to her left to see a torso standing there. She had to tilt her head back to see his face. “It's all yours,” she said turning away from him finally. Her attention went back to the art she couldn't quite make out before. She thought deeply as she sipped her rum and coke. The piece looked so familiar, she had to remember it. “Are you sure you weren't saving this seat?” The deep voice broke through her thoughts. Rey looked at the man next to her. His hands were on the table; his fingers lightly touching his glass. He was watching her out of the corner of his eyes. When he realized she turned to him he turned his head to her as well. “You look like you're waiting for someone to meet you here,” he continued. Rey shook her head no. She was going to speak when she got distracted by his eyes. They looked sad she had thought initially, but she felt like there was something she wasn't identifying. The man's cheeks grew red as he broke eye contact. He focused on his glass and took a drink. Rey looked away, realizing her faux pas. Staring is uncomfortable. “So...Why are you looking around the room so much?” he mumbled. Rey put her glass down on the table. It was practically empty. “I've never been here before,” she said simply. “I wanted to fully take my surroundings in.” She could feel her cheeks redden. Once the words were out her honest answer felt silly. “The owner likes to change up the artwork every so many months, I’ve noticed,” he continued. He pointed in the direction of the one Rey had been contemplating. “That one there of Dionysus is my favorite. The god of wine and festivity. It’s quite fitting.” Bang. Rey slammed her hands on the table. Startled, the man almost spilled his drink. “That’s it!” Rey turned to him. A large smile was spread across her face. “I knew that picture looked familiar. It was driving me crazy. There must be a picture just like it in my book.” The man stared at her for a moment and then started laughing. He hooked some of his black curls behind his ear and smiled. Her face suddenly became flushed. Rey liked how his smile reached his eyes. She liked how they lit up. She liked how she could see how his ears stick out a bit. Oh god, he’s cute. //// The sun was basking the entire room in morning light. Slowly, Rey opened her eyes. She didn’t want it to be morning yet. A dull throb was pounding in her head. Exhaling she turned over in her bed. Her arms wrapped around her pillow. Unfortunately the haziness of sleep did not return. Instead the memories of the night before flooded back. The black dress. The bar. Dionysus. The guy. Fuck. She bolted upright in bed. Her heart was pounding so hard her chest ached. Three things immediately raced through her mind. First, she was naked. Second, she could swear that she brought the mysterious man home with her. Third, since her bed was empty she began to wonder if the later part of her night was an alcohol induced dream after all. Bang. “Fucking hell!” Rey jumped out of bed, wrapped herself in her comforter, and slammed her bedroom door open. Her eyes were wide with fear as she stared at the man in her kitchen. It was the same man from the night before. Startled from the noise, he dropped the frying pan he was holding for a split second and then caught it. “Fuck Rey, you startled me,” he said turning his back to her and putting the pan on the stove. Rey frowned at his annoyed tone. Her teeth pinched the inside of her cheek at the thought of how impulsive she was the night before. She had never brought a stranger home with her before. He turned toward the fridge and placed a hand on the door. The man exhaled, and then turned toward her. “I’m sorry,” he mumbled. “I’m not much of a morning person and I already dropped the pan on my foot before you got up. I shouldn’t have taken that tone with you. I’m a guest in your home.” She was completely taken aback. “I-uh….Okay. I get that.” “Okay,” he said softly. He then opened the fridge and frowned. “Don’t you have anything to eat in this apartment?” “There’s some bread on the counter,” Rey mumbled. He closed the fridge. He gave her a stern look as his head slightly tilted. His black curls were already a mess from sleeping, but a few fell into his face. “Believe it or not, wonderbread is not a wonder food. It doesn’t replace the other food groups.” Rey broke into a nervous smile. “It does help me make some pretty kickass grilled cheese sandwiches though.” He couldn’t help himself, he laughed. The man laughed so hard he snorted. His cheeks reddened in embarrassment at that. His laugh made Rey laugh. He ran his fingers through his hair, trying to smooth the curls back. The act was futile without hair gel. He glared when hair fell in his face again. Rey smiled. “Would you like to go out for pancakes? My treat,” he asked sheepishly. “Yeah, I’d like that…” “Ben,” he grinned. “Yes, of course.” Her cheeks were burning. “I knew that, Ben.” “I’ll just be here when you’re done getting ready,” he said shoving his hands in his pant’s pockets. “Are you going to go out with your shirt unbuttoned?” Rey retorted as she only just noticed that his black button up shirt was loosely thrown on. “I’m not going to stop you, but are you going to go out dressed like that?” “I’m getting to it,” Rey snapped as she was reminded of her nakedness under the blanket. “As am I.” Turning on her heels, Rey went back to her bedroom. She could hear his laughter the moment her door closed. It didn’t take Rey very long to get ready. She threw on her everyday jeans, a blue t-shirt, and some sneakers. She hooked her purse on her shoulder and left her room. She then went into the bathroom to quickly pull her hair back into a single, messy bun. When she was finished Rey found Ben chilling on her couch. He was flipping through her mythology book. “Be careful with that please,” she pleaded. “Of course,” Ben said carefully placing the book back where he found it on the couch. “I was just flipping through it.” “Sorry,” Rey said looking at the floor. “It’s been with me a long time.” “No need to be sorry,” he said standing. “It has a good variety of stories. Condensed but good.” “Condensed?” “Ah,” he started. “You see, some of the stories have larger parts to them. Whether they are competing stories told by different authors or it takes many stories over time to compile the story as we generally know it today.” Rey was hanging on his every word. Growing up she always had other things on her mind. She had always been satisfied with what her book provided her. She never thought of pursuing more on those stories. “Sorry rambled on there,” Ben mumbled. “My uncle has spent his life studying that stuff so I think it rubbed off on me a bit.” “No,” Rey burst. “I’d love to hear more. Really.” Ben smiled. “I’ll have to dig out my favorite mythology book. It’s a brick compared to this one.” “I’d really like that Ben,” she said sincerely. They left Rey’s apartment for Ben’s car. It was quiet. Rey felt like she was going to burst from her nervous energy. She spent the ride looking out the window. The dull throb of her headache reminded her that she should have taken some ibuprofen before she left. “You okay?” Ben said, breaking the silence. Rey yawned. “Just waking up, and...a bit of a headache bothering me.” Ben reached over and popped open the glove compartment. “Hey watch the road!” Rey snapped, looking at him now. “I am,” Ben reassured. He put both hands on the wheel and stared straight ahead. “Check in there for some advil. There should be a bottle.” “Oh.” Rey started digging through the compartment. She pulled out a scarf, a flashlight, and two packs of travel tissues before she found the tiny advil bottle. “Someone is prepared,” she teased as she put everything but the bottle back inside the compartment. “I learned when I was young to be prepared,” he said bluntly. “Better be safe than sorry,” Rey said as she opened the bottle. She took out two pills and put the bottle away. A few minutes later they arrived at a diner. The building looked so tiny compared to the much larger buildings on the block. “I didn’t know this was here,” Rey said as she got out of the car. “I thought it was a business, like office business district so I haven’t really been out here.” “It’s a nice gem,” said Ben. He closed his car door. “I think it was here long before anything else.” The warmth and smell of maple syrup and bacon hit them as they entered. It made her stomach growl. The place was packed. Rey hoped there was a free booth somewhere. A woman came out from the kitchen and placed a plate of scrambled eggs and bacon on a table. She looked over at Rey and Ben standing by the entrance and smiled. She grabbed two menus and said, “You two. Follow me.” They followed her to the very end of the row of booths. She placed the menus on the table and took out a pad of paper from her apron pocket. “You kids know what you want now or do you want time to look through the menu?” she asked as Rey and Ben sat down. “For now I’d like a glass of orange juice please,” Ben said picking up the menu. The waitress looked at Rey. “Same,” she said nervously. “I’ll be right back,” the waitress said leaving. “Thank you,” Rey mumbled a moment too late. “Like I said earlier-” Ben said gaining Rey’s attention. “My treat. Knock yourself out.” Feeling her nerves calming. She smiled. “Just don’t order everything on the menu,” Ben teased. “I’m not made of money.” Rey laughed. “You know that might be a dealbreaker for a second date.” Ben leaned forward. A large grin spread across his face. “Oh, so this is our first date? Good to know.” Rey’s face burned. “No. I mean...whatever!” Embarrassed she picked up her menu and held it up so she didn’t have to see the teasing look dancing in his eyes. When the waitress returned with their drinks Ben was still grinning like an idiot. Rey had her menu on the table as she flipped through it. “Thank you,” Rey said as the glass was placed in front of her. “You’re quite welcome,” the woman started. “Do you know what you want to eat sweetie?” “A stack of chocolate chip pancakes with maple syrup and whipped cream please.” “Sounds delicious.” The waitress then turned to Ben. “What will you be having?” “Plan pancakes with a side of hashbrowns and bacon please.” The woman looked over her notes on their order before she left and said, “I’ll be back with your orders soon.” Rey took a moment and looked around what she could see of the busy diner. “I like it here,” she said finally. “I’ve always found it quite welcoming.” Rey turned her attention to him. “Do you come here a lot?” He sighed. “Not as much as I would like to. But my family usually tries to when they’re in the area.” She took a few sips of her orange juice and then asked, “Did you grow up in the area?” “About twenty minutes outside of the city.” “Is it nice there?” “I guess,” he mumbled not wanting to talk more on the subject. “What about you?” “It’s a long story. Short version, I’m new in this town.” “Fair enough,” Ben said studying her carefully. He took a sip of his drink. “Oh.” A thought struck Rey. “What?” “I just remembered-” she started as she dug a hand in her pants pocket. Out she pulled the two advil pills she had yet to take. “You still haven’t taken those?” “I needed something to wash them down,” Rey said as she popped them into her mouth and picked up her glass. “Oh.” When she put her glass down, Rey teased, “What are you some kind of savage that just swallows pills dry?” “Is that really...savage?” he asked dryly. “Completely,” she laughed. The waitress returned with their orders. Rey’s mouth watered as her pancakes were placed in front of her. She didn’t realize how hungry she was until she started digging in. “Thank you,” Ben said to the waitress as she left them to their breakfast. Turning to Rey he said, “I hope you enjoy it.” Rey looked up. Her mouth was full and she was chewing. She shot him a thumbs up. “You know there isn’t any rush?” he laughed. She nodded and turned her attention back to her food. She ate slower this time. Everything just tasted so good. Rey wasn’t sure if it was the cooking or because she wasn’t sweating bullets over not being able to pay for it. By the time they were done both of their plates were empty. Everything was delicious; Rey was tempted to lick the plate clean. Ben paid for their meals and they went back to his car. “Thank you,” Rey said as he started the engine. “No problem.” “No seriously,” Rey continued. “I’ve never been to a diner or had a breakfast that good. I really appreciate it.” Ben smiled. He looked at her for a moment and then back to the road. “I had a feeling you would like a decent meal. Especially since all you have at home is bread.” “Hey I got easy mac too.” Ben laughed. “I hope that diet works out for you.” “It will be better in a few weeks.” “I hope so.” Rey rolled the window down all the way and enjoyed the summer sun. It was almost noon she figured by the intensity of the heat. Turning back to Ben she grinned. “So, do you always treat girls to breakfast after meeting them the night before?” Her grin widened as his cheeks immediately turned red. “No,” he said biting the inside of his cheek. “I feel so honored now.” He pulled into the parking next to Rey’s apartment building. He turned toward her. His cheeks were still flushed. It looked worse than it was because of his pale skin. Rey giggled. “You know,” he started. “I’ve never...had all this happen before. Going home with someone-” “I understand,” Rey interrupted. “Neither have I to be honest.” He smiled. “I’m glad I met you Rey.” “Me too Ben.” Ben proceeded to walk her to her door. Rey unlocked the door and they both hesitated there. Rey’s heart started pounding so hard she wondered if he could hear it. “You think you would want to see me again?” he asked nervously. Rey smiled. “Wait right here,” she said and bolted inside of her apartment. The door banged shut behind her. A minute later Rey opened the door and handed Ben a piece of paper. He stared at it for a moment. “Txt, call, whatever,” she said. He looked up at her with a goofy grin. God he’s a dork. Rey placed a hand on his arm and leaned up on her tiptoes to plant a quick kiss on his cheek. Notes: I'm not sure how this story happened. I guess from my need for more college/modern/coffee shop AU fics. Somehow I ended up going from a scribble of notes to a full story outline in a notebook. And then I started writing and everything flowed in this laid back vibe. Also my degree in Classics seemed to bleed into this fic. lol I don't expect this fic to be very long, but who knows. I already had to break this first chapter in half. I hope someone out there enjoys my little Reylo fic.