First comes love Force no, please no, she thought to herself. This couldn’t be happening. She couldn’t be pregnant. Could she? She had been a prisoner on the Finalizer for two months now, and only recently had her and Ren been intimate. She knew it was a stupid thing to do, but she couldn’t help it, but now she wished she had. Anything but a baby. It wasn’t that Rey had no desire for children. On the contrary, she knew that if she could find her family she would eventually try to have her own, so she’d never be lonely again. But not at the age of twenty and definitely not with Kylo Ren. If he found out, he would never let her go. Her and the child would be kept by his side forever, two powerful force users who would either be imprisoned or used well in the service of the First Order. She’d have to watch her own child be seduced by the Dark Side. Dressed in black robes, threatened into submission and eventually kill whoever disagreed with them. Ren had promised to let her go as soon as he could find a way so that Snoke wouldn’t blame him for it, but now everything has changed, and if she’s sensed their baby’s force signature now, he’d definitely sense it when he returned. She thought about escaping. Mind trick a Stormtrooper, steal their uniform, take a Tie and go. Force pull their blaster, make them help her, and let her leave. But then every plan she envisioned ended in either her dying or her going back into a cell instead of Ren’s quarters, where she was now. Then her mind settled on another option, one she often thought of on Jakku, but never seriously considered until now. Taking her life. She could end her life before he could come back. Stop him from corrupting her or her baby, and the Resistance’s secrets would be safe. Sure they’d lose a Jedi, and she’d lose everything. But she’d die free, and that was far more valuable than being a tool for the Sith. She desperately looked around for a knife. Ren was concerned when he could no longer sense her. He was anxious when he tried to find her through the force and could not. And he was terrified when the thought had occurred to him that she might have found a way to leave him. He was foolish to let her into his quarters. He had been even stupider requesting that she shared dinners with him, and he heard her giggle for the first time when he spilled sauce on his robes. He would have been furious had it been anyone else, but her laugh somehow eased him and he laughed as well. He realized simply having her around eased him too. The first night they slept together he could hardly believe it was happening, that this angel wanted him and he felt something beyond lust. He had meant to tell her how he felt, but could never believe she felt the same way. Now he worried he was played the whole time. The Stormtroopers and Hux demanded to know where he was going, but he simply left without saying anything, and got in his ship to go back. He could give them an explanation later. But now all that mattered was finding his precious scavenger. As he got closer he started to dread what he would find. When he was onboard and still felt nothing, he sprinted to his room. The Stormtroopers were still outside. When he got in he saw blood. Too much blood. “REY!” He bellowed through his mask. Rey was sobbing uncontrollably, shaking as she attempted to slit her right wrist. He bolted to her and grabbed her, taking away the knife and trying to keep the wound closed on her other wrist. “Why Rey? Why would you do this?” He cried, but by that time Rey had passed out. Realizing that there was no time to get her to the Medbay, he decided to force-heal her. What was maybe only minutes felt like years to him, and he could only hold onto her and pray that it worked. When the blood stopped pouring he felt her pulse. Faint, but still there. He sighed in relief, and took her to the Medbay. Rey was confused when she woke up. She didn’t believe in Force-heaven, let alone one that smelled like bacta. She opened her eyes, and looking down she saw that she was in restraints and started to shake. “Let me go!” She yelled. “That won’t happen anytime soon.” A deep voice said beside her. She instantly turned her face away. “Look at me Rey,” he said, quietly but menacingly. Scared, she slowly turned to see Kylo Ren sitting beside her without his mask. “What you did was unacceptable. No matter how poorly you may think you have been treated here, you must know that there are far worse things to endure than imprisonment.” He said, trying to keep his voice level. “You don’t know do you?” She asked, voice shaky. “No, I don’t. So tell me Rey. I guarantee you that living would always have been a better alternative for you.” He said, voiced mixed with anger and sadness. “I… I was pregnant.” She managed to say. His eyes widened in confusion, then understanding. “So you chose to leave this life, rather than stay with me. I would have protected you Rey. I would have protected our child. And you could have lived a life wanting for nothing. Not family, wealth, or power. I would have given you everything.” He answered, his voice losing his anger. She frowned and said: “You would have trained our child to use the Dark Side of the Force. You would make me do the same, or imprison me so that at best I would be your house-wife, friendless and alone, at worst a slave kept alive only for your use and for our child. Make me betray my friends and all my beliefs by staying here with you. And our child would be condemned to do your bidding or Snoke’s. So no. You would have only given me everything I never wanted as you would take everything I valued.” Just then a healer came in. “Sorry to interrupt the two of you, but may I speak to the patient for a moment? We have to have a private conversation regarding her health.” He said. “No,” the knight answered immediately. “You will share it with the both of us.” After an awkward pause, the healer continued. “Very well then. Miss. Rey, you are very lucky that Lord Ren found you when he did. You should be discharged in two-days’ time, and you will be your same old self. As such, despite the blood loss, we were able to save the fetus, which is still growing inside you. If you no longer wish to keep it, then we can schedule an abortion for you. Any questions?” He asked. Ren grinned wickedly and Rey’s heart sank. “We would like to keep the baby, and we would be very grateful if you did not tell anyone. Now please leave us, my wife and I have a lot to discuss.” Kylo said, and watched the healer disappear behind a curtain. He then slid his arm around her and pulled her towards him. “You were right about one thing. I’m not letting you go now Rey,” he said, lips to her ear, “or should I say, Lady Ren?” Chapter 2 : Then comes Marriage Summary: Mr. and Mrs. Ren receive blessing and further instructions from the Supreme Leader, but Rey is SUPER angry, and Kylo is relatively clueless on how to handle it. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “While I do not like the fact that you were so careless, I know see that it has brought us a happy accident. Tell me, how long has she been carrying your child?” The Supreme Leader asks. Ren responds: “Three weeks Supreme Leader.” Rey looks down avoiding eye contact. She’s not stupid enough to look up so that she has to start talking. “Lady Ren, look up,” he commands her. Rey doesn’t budge. That isn’t her name and she has nothing to say to him. But then suddenly her mind feels like it’s on fire, and she knows the only way to end it is to listen to him. Slowly she tilts her head up. “That’s not my name.” she says angrily. Snoke doesn’t get upset, he does something far creepier. He grins, looking terrifying with the disfigured face he has. “What fight you have. Ren has told me of your struggles and your fears, and I knew that you must be so strong. That is why it surprised me so, what you tried to do.” He disgusted her, claiming that suicide was only for the weak. Still she said nothing. “But no matter. For now you will carry and raise this child.” He continues. “Ren?” “Yes Supreme Leader?” Ren asks. “You must train her in the ways of the Force. Not here, in the confines of a Star Destroyer, but in Naboo, on your grandmother’s estate. I have reduced the amount of missions you will lead, and you will not leave her until the orders have been given.” Even though he had the mask on, Rey knew Kylo was upset, and suppressed a smile. “Leave us, Lady Ren.” Snoke said, and Rey was happy to oblige. “You are upset,” he said. “I trust in your judgement, Supreme Leader.” Ren replied, but it was clear he felt hurt. “Do you know why I have instructed you as such?” He asks. Ren answered: “Rey is force sensitive, and requires training. And this way I can prevent her from escaping.” Snoke sighed and told him: “No Ren, that is not why. Your wife is clearly upset with you, and if this “marriage” is not salvageable, the child will grow up with the same bickering parents that you had as a child, and eventually will side with her. Not only that, but if you cannot regain her trust she will seek out every opportunity to leave you, as she clearly already tried. The ultimate goal, is that you make her fall in love with you, while still being loyal to the Dark Side of the Force. Is that clear?” Ren was stunned. While the advice made sense, he had no idea why she slept with him in the first place, or if they could even go back to that happiness they shared before. “Yes Supreme Leader.” And the transmission was cut. Rey had never been to Naboo, and couldn’t help but be in awe when she saw it. The stone courtyard, the gold-ceiling palace, the lush green fields, everything felt alive. It was incredible to see a thriving planet in this war, and it occurred to Rey that this peace was in no small part due to Vader and Ren, and how it may be the only planet of rich people. Realizing that the cost of this peace far exceeded the value diminished Rey’s enthusiasm. It didn’t help either than Ren was beside her the whole time, every so often trying to make conversation and her either remaining silent or merely nodding. She was still angry with him for denying her freedom, and what he did wasn’t excusable by just moving to a nice place. When they landed, they immediately went inside, Stormtroopers carrying their luggage, and Rey walking right passed Kylo into the home. It was large, beautiful but also dusty. She didn’t wait for anyone as she tried to go quickly up the stairs, determined to see everything on her own, but Kylo ran straight to her, and snatched her hand. “Let go.” She said sternly. She would have pulled her hand away, but his grip was too tight. “Rey please, let me show you the best part of the house.” He said, and started to pull her up. Rey was too tired to argue, so she just went along with him. He leaded her to the balcony, and Rey practically rolled her eyes at the picturesque sunset she saw. Of course it was gorgeous, the meadows below shining, and a waterfall in the distance. She had no doubt that if someone saw them there they would think that they’d be a perfect aristocrat couple with everything. But he was an arrogant evil prince and knight, and she was a scavenger and Jedi who served in the army against him. At one point of time she could have let go of allegiances, but after seeing his true colors she would never do it again. “Do you see that there?” He asked, using her hand to point to the waterfall. “My grandparents used to go down there on afternoons. I was thinking that starting tomorrow we could train there.” He said quietly. She thought she was being discreet when she rolled her eyes, but he caught it far too quickly. “What?” He demanded. “Try to be original in your ideas, instead of just copying everything your grandfather or Snoke did.” She said. His expression hardened. “You’re probably feeling really tired right now. Come,” he said, leading her to a room. “This is where we will be staying,” he said, going into the room. The bedroom had no windows, save for a round glass one the east side. The walls where made of brown stone, and the bed was huge, with sheer champagne curtains and while very pretty under soft yellow light, but there was a huge glaring problem. He saw her standing by the doorway and frowned. “What now?” He asked, clearly exasperated. “I’m not sleeping with you.” She said, staring at the Queen sized bed. “Stop being difficult and come,” he said, having lost his patience with her. “I’ll sleep in another room, or on the floor.” She said. “You would rather sleep on the floor than beside me,” he said, his pride clearly wounded. “I would rather sleep like the scavenger I am than the false wife you portray me to be. I don’t want you getting any illusions as to what we are.” Rey said firmly. Ren was hurt, but he did his best not to show it. “Dinner is in an hour. Either come with manners or don’t come at all.” He said, and stormed out of the room. Notes: I am sorry if this wasn't as good as the first chapter, and that Rey was furious the whole time, but I couldn't see her acting any other way. It may take a long time for them to get to a good place in their relationship, especially with two strong-willed characters. And getting pregnant before all of that is a whole other obstacle into itself. Chapter 3 : Dinner's good, the company I would change Summary: The dinner does not go as badly as one would think, but it doesn't go great either. But then again, did anyone think it would? Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “I can see that went wonderfully,” Snoke said after listening to Ren’s report. “Supreme Leader, send me out again. She is adamant to refuse any scarp of kindness bestowed upon her by me.” He begged. “Ren, I find your lack of patience disturbing. Had it not been a week ago she tried to kill herself to escape you? Do you think your pregnant wife could cope easily with these changes? She is in a turmoil state, and if you cannot be patient with her now, you will surely fail as a father.” Snoke said. Once again Ren was stumped. Not only was he wondering how the Supreme Leader knew these things, but that how he himself could not come up with a rebuttal. “Yes, Supreme Leader. I will try to have more patience.” He said, and the transmission ended. The dinner itself looked good, but Ren was not looking forward to it. He got there a few minutes early, as droids set up the table, filling it with varied savoury meats, steaming hot vegetables, and a bottle of wine, Old Republic Age. But none of this caught his attention, not when Rey walked down the stairs. She was dressed up, a soft pink dress pooled down her legs, white flowers embroidered on the top, hair loose and just passing her shoulders. She was beautiful, but sad, and there was nothing Ren wanted more than to see her smile and to take her in his arms. “Evening,” she said, keeping her eyes on the ground, and hurried to her seat. They then started to eat, neither having the courage to speak, and make it through a full main course without a word. But then Rey found her voice and asked; “Have you thought of any names? I mean, outside of Darth Vader?” She asked. He was then surprised, both by her mockery and the fact that she’s voluntarily speaking to him. But he has not thought about it. “Do you sense which sex it is?” He asked. Rey shakes her head. “Sometimes I think it’s a girl, other times a boy. But I can never tell for sure.” She says wistfully, starring down at her stomach. She hasn’t started showing yet, but she places her hand on her stomach and rubs it nonetheless. He gets up to go to her, and kneels before her. “May I?” He asks gently, and she slowly nods. He presses his hands onto her stomach, and starts to scan for the force signature. It’s faint but it’s there, and he puts his head there and moves his hands to her hips. He can’t help himself, so much has changed since the last time he held her, but he can’t let her go. “We should name her Rey, if it’s a girl.” He mutters against her stomach. She then laughs and says: “Let me guess. We’ll name him Kylo Ren, if it’s a boy?” He looks up at her. “I don’t see why not. What would you want to name him?” He asks. “Finn would be nice. Or Ben, either sounds really sweet.” She says, and his blood starts to boil. He would never name his child after that traitor, nor would he want to be reminded of his past on a daily basis. Which means she did this just to rile him up. But he won’t take the bait. Suddenly he releases her, and returns to his seat as dessert is being served. It’s a type of cold pastry, with vanilla ice cream inside and glazed chocolate bread surrounding it. Rey looks at it with a sense of wonder, and uses a knife to poke at it to see if it bounces back. Ren realizes that she’s never had any of this before, and feels a swell of pity and pride, that he could provide this to her. He is reminded of the truth that he was right to keep her here. He clears his throat to make eye contact with her, and shows her to use a knife and a spoon when eating it. There’s a crack when the bread breaks, and every bite is like heaven, and Ren can hardly contain himself when she giggles and lights up, and starts to gobble it down like the scavenger she is. When they both finish, Ren wipes his face, and looks across the table to see Rey’s face, chocolate stains around her mouth and even on her nose. He snickers and points to his nose. Rey is angry, but then realizes what he’s referring to and immediately wipes her face with a tablecloth, looking away embarrassed. Ren then wishes he hadn’t pointed it out, he would have much rather used his mouth to wipe all that away. But he puts those type of thoughts away, and offers his hand to take her upstairs. She agrees by nodding, and he takes her upstairs. He wants her trust; to show her he could be a gentleman for her. He takes her up to what he thought would be their room. “Get some rest. We will start training in the morning.” He then kisses her cheek, and her silence makes him more upset than anything. He turns away just as she shuts the door, and tries not to think about anything. Not the baby, not her light, not the unrequited feelings he has that he knows will only grow stronger for her. Notes: I'm sorry this was a slow chapter, but I feel that character development happens best in slow moments. Also, I wanted to have quiet time between Kylo Ren and Rey, and food always makes people more docile. And finally, here's the link to Rey's dress, which in my opinion is very Persephone-like. http://www.dressesofgirl.com/princess-scoop-neck-pink-tulle-appliques-lace-short-sleeve-prom-dresses-dgd020102120-4641.html?utm_source=Tumblr&utm_medium=0067&utm_campaign=note Chapter 4 : Have you ever heard the story of... Summary: Rey and Ren begin training, and dinner seems to get awfully interesting... Notes: I am very sorry for not updating in so long, I had terrible writer's block and lots of schoolwork. But now that exams are over I have no plans of abandoning this story and plan to update more frequently. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The morning came quickly, and they walked to the field, in their best athletic wear with lightsabers in hand. Ben was eager to see if the baby made her any stronger, Rey was looking forward to the chance to pounce him again, even if she wouldn’t be able to leave. “Go start by running to the waterfall and back, and afterwards stretch. Then we’ll start training.” He says, and Rey begins to run towards the waterfall, as the sun beats down on her. The temperature is a little cool, and the air is moist so she doesn’t have much trouble going there and back. And while she doesn’t like stretching in front of Ren, she knows arguing is pointless. “Have a seat,” he says, motioning in front of him, as he sits with his legs crossed, “we have a lot to get through.” Rey nods and takes a seat in front of him. “Before we begin, I have to ask. What did Skywalker teach you?” He asks. Rey answers: “I learned the Jedi Code, the removal of emotions from our actions, and a lot of lightsaber training, as well as levitation.” “So I have to not only teach you everything, but tear down previous misconceptions too.” He says, sounding disappointed and resigned. But before she could retort, he continued: “Then I guess I should teach you the code of the Sith to start with. Repeat after me Rey,” He says, and Rey listens closely and obeys. “Peace is a lie, there is only passion” “Peace is a lie, there is only passion”. “Through passion, I gain strength.” “Through passion, I gain strength.” “Through strength, I gain power.” “Through strength, I gain power.” “Through power, I gain victory.” “Through power, I gain victory.” “Through victory, my chains are broken.” “Through victory, my chains are broken.” “The Force shall free me.” “The Force shall free me.” They do this for a few minutes, but Rey is a quick learner, and soon she grasps it. Ren asks her: “Do you know why we have this code Rey?” “So you can justify selfishness and act without reason?” She asks, and his eyes darken. “We say this so that we may be able to help the galaxy the way we see fit, and while we use our emotions we are never controlled by them. The Jedi ask for the impossible, it is why my grandfather left, and why I left as well.” He says. “Your uncle seemed to be fine.” She said. “Right before he abandoned his family to live the life of a hermit.” He says, and Rey can’t argue with that. He then brings out two sabers from his belt, Anakin’s and his. “Show me what you know.” He says. She does basic forms which he corrects, and she’s nowhere near ready enough to face him, he sees that she has near limitless potential, and that excites him greatly. “Not bad,” he says. Rey glares at him but he ignores it. He walks around her, as if circling her like she’s prey. She tries to ignore him, but when his hands wrap around hers and he presses her to his back, her breath hitches. It’s been ages since they were like this, and everything has changed since then. “You need to use your elbows more. Your shoulders should be looser, you’re too stiff.” Ben says, trying to ignore this same feeling down in his stomach. Ultimately they get the movements down, and eventually call it a day. They walk back in silence, neither really having the need to say anything. “So when do I fight you?” Rey asks playfully as they return indoors, and the right side of Ren’s lips curls up. “You don’t fight me Rey. This is all cautionary so that nothing will happen to you or the baby when I’m not around.” Ren says. “Scarred I might give you another scar?” She asks. “Scarred you’ll get one.” Ren answers. “Pride comes before the fall.” She responds. “I’ll be sure to remind you of that when your back’s on the ground.” He says as they go up the steps. Rey smiles at her feet and blushes. “See you at dinner.” She whispers seductively, and goes to her room. Ren doesn’t know where that came from, but he’s too pleased to care. Dinner is just as delicious as the previous night, only know it is seafood, with a variety of savory sauces overtop. Rey is wearing a jumpsuit, surprisingly enough, but it is a soft green and matches her eyes, he realizes. “This looks incredible,” she says, and begins to dig into her fish. Ren too starts to eat, and asks her: “So what did you think of training today?” He asks. “Surprisingly boring.” She answered. “What? Why?” He’s honestly startled by this answer. While some parts of training were better than others for him, he never thought any were boring. “I was expecting some nature-defining stories about the Sith, or some shameful ones about the Jedi. Or at least more than a simple poses lesson.” Rey said. “Would you like to know more about the Sith Rey?” He asks, surprised by her answer. He has plenty to share, but he thought she wouldn’t learn anything from them anyway. “Of course I would. After all, how can I bad-mouth them afterwards if I have no examples?” She says with a wink and he laughs. “Anything in particular?” He asks. “Outside of your family please.” She says, and moves beside him to listen. He takes a deep breath and starts. “Before the rule of two, before the split between Jedi and Sith, there were only force users, and each one was trained, but from then on was allowed their own path to make. But the Newly-Formed Republic would not have it, fearing the power of the Force, and demanded that the Force users submit themselves to a lifetime of service to them. Those who believed in the Republic, those who were cowards, pledged themselves almost immediately, for fear of persecution. But those who were resistant were labeled “Sith”, which in the ancient language of Corusians meant “the faithless.” They grew in numbers, but were still overwhelmed by the countless Jedi and Republic troops that chased them across the universe. From Mustafar to Hoth, or Force knows what other desolate planets they went to, it was never enough. It was even said that in order to justify their actions to themselves, the Jedi would always purge their emotions. After all, how else can you attack the same people who shared in your beliefs and that you professed to love?” “But then came Darth Ignis the Brilliant, who worked day and night trying to defend his people, and who was the best tactician that ever lived. They scattered themselves, creating destruction and havoc wherever they went, and no one, not even the Jedi, were able to predict their moves. Eventually, the Jedi decided to pull back, and Ignis had pulled out his forces, which created a form of “Ceasefire” so to speak on the two sides. It was only after his death did the Jedi recommence. They were so cowardly that they waited for the leader of their enemies to die of old age before striking again.” The whole time Rey seems to be mesmerised by his story. He hopes that by sharing this truth with her she will begin to understand, and one day share his views about the First Order, and the importance of their missions. “They’re not like that anymore,” she says quietly. “The New Republic on Hosnia would have never kept that rule, and the Jedi would only strike if provoked, not seek out enemies.” “Oh Rey,” he says, cupping her face with his hands, “the Jedi just did whatever it took to survive. Never out of the goodness of their own hearts, but if anything for utilitarian purposes. They’re not heroes, but survivors. The only thing worth note of them.” Rey moves so that their faces are almost touching. “Yes, it is.” And with that she uses the Force to grab his lightsaber, Force pushes him into the wall, and runs off into the night. Notes: Let me know what you think, and please subscribe. See you next time ; )