An Impromptu Meeting Mr. Snoke tapped his cigarette on the ash tray of the desk, his sallow and wrinkled hand a loud contrast to the pristine, almost medical desk. There was nothing organic in big business, and by that definition the man sitting across from him was a billion dollar corporation. He watched the water drip down the side of the glass; it was better than looking Snoke in the face. Similarly, he could feel the sweat drip down the curve of his back. “It was wonderful you could make to this impromptu meeting, Hux.” Mr. Snoke said. His deep raspy voice seeped in the room like the smoke coming out of the end of his cigarette. Hux resisted the urge to shiver and forced a confident smile. There was no way in hell he was going to leave a bad impression on the CEO. He shoved his hand out over the desk for a handshake. “I’m happy to be here, sir. I’ve heard so much about you.” Snoke took another drag, smirking as though he just read every terrified thought in Hux’s head. He flicked his cigarette in Hux’s direction and stared him down with amused eyes. After a moment of silence, Snoke grinded down the cigarette butt and shook his hand, his handshake feeling like equal parts leather and metal clamp. He sat down in the small chair, neatly folding his hands in his lap and trying not to grimace at the dusty ash. “Armitage, was it,” Snoke said, his voice suddenly cold and metallic like a hammer hitting glass. He leaned in over the desk, giving a bone chilling smile. “I think we can both agree to skip the small talk. Both of us are very busy men, and I should like to make this quick.” Hux kept his mouth shut and nodded firmly, suddenly sitting much straighter in his chair. “I thought when I saw Elan’s last name on a resume I was hallucinating, but as soon as I saw the way you stood I knew you were his son.” Snoke gestured at the chair. Ah, so that’s how he had gotten the job. He knew applying for a job in the city was a long shot, and he was fairly certain with the speed they gave the acceptance letter something had gotten him in other than his work ethic. He just couldn’t place his finger on what. He probably should have figured it was his late father, the pompous ass investing all the family funds into aspiring companies. The ghost of his father seemed to force itself in every little thing it could get its greedy hands on, and he wasn’t sure whether to thank him for it or to curse his name. “Truth be told, boy, I’ve needed someone like your father after he quit at my company. And judging by your work habits, you’ve already surpassed him. I have the job that made him quit in my hands, and if you can finish it for me, I’ll promote you to my Vice-President. Far higher up than he ever was.” He slid the manila folder to the center of the desk grinning. Hux had to clench his jaw to keep from gasping. One month in and he was set to surpass the man who had overshadowed him since birth. He felt the bitter resentment and pride swelling up in him, rising together and mixing together in the pit of his stomach. The years and years of his mom working her ass off to take care of them in some mange ridden diner almost were made up for. The two digit paycheck accompanied him to his mom’s house in his mind, and he couldn’t wait to see the tears of joy sliding down her face as she heard the news. He would singlehandedly pull both of them out of the hole they were stuck in on his first job out of college with his father’s name. A small nagging feeling started nipping at him, deflating the feelings as soon as they had come. The one thing him and Elan had in common was their absolute stubbornness. Whatever his father had faced here was probably one of two things: impossible, or something that would kill him. Before the last residue of hope left his gullet, he pulled the folder over. Whatever this job was, he would willingly give up his life for. He just needed the chance to try, and he could die knowing he did his best to spite his father. “I’ll take it.” Notes: Hey guys! This is going to be a longer story, hopefully updated once or twice a month. If you have any feedback, please comment. I'll see you next update!