The smell of food was strong in the cafeteria- day-old sandwiches and pudding cups and lukewarm spaghetti had quite a distinct smell, surprisingly- but not quite as strong as the scent of Poe's manly deodorant. Even from across the table, it hit Finn's nose, made it itch a little. It smelled good; like soap and a hint of petrichor. “You're drooling,” a voice next to his ear whispered, smug as hell. Finn glowered at his sandwich and shut his mouth with a snap. “Am not,” he hissed, gaze adamantly fixed on his lunch. “You are.” “What are you two whispering about, huh?” Finn looked up so fast he nearly got whiplash. Poe was watching the two of them with a hint of amusement in his eyes. “Should I give you some privacy?” he asked. “Huh,” Finn said, eloquently. “The whispering,” Poe gestured between them, a smirk gracing his features. “You don't have to hide your relationship from me, you know.” “You thought- no, oh god, ew,” Rey scrunched up her little nose in distaste, “We're literally just friends.” “Just friends.” “Yeah,” “Really.” Finn shook his head. He felt like he'd missed something. “I don't understand-” “Why am I always seeing you two go into the forest together, then?” Poe raised an eyebrow. “The forest- what,” Finn snorted, “What's that got to do with anything?” “Everyone knows people go there to make out. It's, like, prime make-outage real estate.” “Ewww,” Rey whispered to herself, at the same time Finn said, “Rey likes to look for ghosts.” Poe stared at them. “Ghosts.” “Uh huh,” Rey nodded, “I like to go at witching hour, when the veil's thinnest- see if I can spot anything.” She said this super casually- like it was normal to stay up past two AM hoping for a glimpse of dead relatives, only to be disappointed afterwards, go home dejected, and pretend that everything's okay the next day. Finn was used to Rey talking like this. He wasn't sure how Poe, however, was going to react to it. The veritable 'cool kid' hadn't been friends with them all too long- Finn was still a little starstruck over the fact that he'd started sitting with them, honestly. But Poe was grinning, “Ghosts.” he repeated. “If you're going to tease us, get it over with.” Finn said. “On the contrary,” Poe propped his chin onto his fist, winked at him. Finn swallowed and ducked his head. “I, too, happen to be invested in the paranormal.” Rey sat up a little straighter. Her elbow knocked Finn's apple off of the table. “Really??” “Oh, yes,” Poe nodded, “As a fellow ghosthunter, I'm sure you know about-” He didn't get to finish. A tray was slapped down on the table next to him, and the noise nearly made all three of them jump out of their seats. Rey's brother, Ben, slouched into the seat next to Poe and scowled at them in greeting. His friend (who Finn always forgot the name of- something fancy, with an 'A', possibly) sat down like a normal person, and started buffing his apple against his sweater. “I'm guessing detention was fun,” Poe said, brightly. “Shut up,” Ben said. “Anything you say, Edgelord McEmopants.” “Poe!” Rey hit her palm against the table insistently, “You were about to tell us something?” Poe blinked at her, “Huh? Oh, yeah,” he leaned forward, elbows on the table, and grinned at her, “You guys have checked out the house by the lake, right?” “That place with the real estate sign out front?” Rey asked, “There's nothing spooky about it.” “That's where you're wrong.” Poe said, “It's so haunted.” “Not this ghost shit again,” Ben gave Rey a look that clearly came across exasperated. Rey stuck her tongue out at him. “I heard,” Poe went on, undeterred, “the guy who owned the place killed himself. They say he still haunts the house.” “Bull,” Ben stated. His friend's eyebrows shot into his hairline, but he looked otherwise unimpressed. “Don't you think it's bullshit, Armi?” “Mhm,” “Who was this guy?” Rey's eyes were wide. Poe had clearly sucked her in with his story. Poe lowered his voice, and even Finn ended up leaning forward to hear. “I heard that his name was Darth Vader,” Ben leaned back in his seat, looking thoughtful. He and Rey shared a look. “Isn't that what grandpa-” “I'm kidding,” Poe interrupted them with a laugh, “His name was Pal...” his gaze shifted, “Pal...per...” he looked at something over Finn's shoulder, “...Palpertime?” “Palpatine?” Ben scoffed. “Yeah! You've heard of him, too?” “What? No-” “God, he was like, some guy that worked for the government or something. Can't remember his name, though.” “Nice,” Ben's friend said, with absolutely no inflection. “Finn, we have to go check it out,” Rey turned to him, voice breathy with excitement. “Uh-” he started, but Ben started to talk over him. “Oh hell no,” he glared at Rey, “I'm tired of you doing stuff like this! Don't you have any sense of self-preservation? Don't you know what comes out in the dark?” “Vampires?” Rey mocked. “Serial killers! Muggers!” he waved his hands around for emphasis, “It's not safe.” “I'm not scared,” Rey sniffed. “You should be.” Ben said, “You're not going, and that's final. I'll tell mom, I swear.” Finn cleared his throat and lifted his water to his mouth as the siblings started to argue. He was going to stay the hell out of this one. Gulping down his water, he met Poe's eyes across the table, who just winked at him- again . Finn choked a little, and liquid dribbled down his chin and onto his shirt. Great. A dainty hand slammed his locker closed, with the force of someone that had just written a shitty algebra test and poured red bull into their coffee earlier that morning. “Jesus, Rey,” Finn complained, jerking his hand back from the locker, “Try not to jam my limbs into anything.” His best friend just grinned at him in a way that suggested nothing was wrong (that, or she was still high on caffeine). “We're going,” she told him. “What- oh.” Finn shook his head, “Y'know, I don't think that's a great idea. It didn't really sound like that a legit of a story anyway, and your brother knows, and...” “C'mon,” Rey wheedled, poking at his arm, “You know it'll be fine. Besides, if we go, maybe you'll end up impressing Poe.” she waggled her eyebrows. Finn couldn't pretend that the idea of that didn't appeal to him. “Okay, fine ,” he said, making a show of rolling his eyes, “I'll bring the camera.” Rey clapped her hands together, “You're the best!” “Yeah, yeah, I know.” “My house, 8 PM. Be there,” she turned on her heel, “Have to get to class, now. See you!” Finn watched her go, his mouth twisting with amusement as she practically ran down the hall, dodging passing students with ease. When he turned back to his locker, someone was leaning against it. “What is it with you people?” he frowned at Ben, “I just want to get my History book, c'mon.” Ben sighed and shifted to the side. “Don't let her go to that place, Finn,” Ben told him, in a low warning tone. “I don't know if you've noticed, but I can't control your sister.” Finn said, as he twisted the combination lock. “No, but you can refuse to go.” “She'll still go by herself,” Finn said, “And that's worse, isn't it?” Ben's frown got deeper, but he didn't reply. “Shouldn't you be, I don't know, in a class- or whatever it is you seniors actually do?” Finn peered over his shoulder, “And where's your shadow?” “Hux? He's in the bathroom.” “So you're not actually joined at the hip,” Finn snickered. He wasn't sure, but it seemed like Ben actually looked flustered, for a second. “Get to class,” Ben muttered, scratching at his nose, “And talk Rey out of this stupid...ghost hunting escapade.” “Mm,” Finn said, a non-committal sort of sound. He shut his locker. “Hey, Ben?” “Yes?” “Stop scowling. Your face is gonna stuck like that.” “Oh, fuck you.” “You have such a way with words,” Finn hummed, and Ben hit his arm with a textbook. The sound of feet jogging up the stairs caught Ben's attention, tearing his focus away from his comic book. The sound was too light to be his father or mother or adopted sister. It was too light to be Poe or Finn. It could only be one person- one person in the entire world that- not that he'd ever admit it- made Ben's heart skip a beat, made him hold his breath without even realising. The tall, slender redhead slipped through Ben's open door, clutching some of his text books to his chest and carrying a night bag for their sleepover. The bag was no doubt filled with immaculate, over-priced clothes and beauty products to keep Armitage's face protected from the dangers of acne. Two golden eyes peaked out of an open section in the bag and then a head. Millicent meowed at him. "When did you get here?" Ben asked Armitage, pushing his comic aside and sitting up straight. "Five," Armitage said with his cutest smile. He neatly placed his bag in the corner of the room and moved to Ben's desk, clearing things out of the way to place his books down. "Messages." "You've been sending messages for the past five minutes?" Ben asked, hurrying to his phone charging on the other side of the bed. There were fourteen messages waiting for him along with two missed calls. "Shit! I am so sorry. I had the stupid thing on silent." "Alright." "No it's not," Ben said with a sigh. "How did you get in?" "Han." "Han saw you waiting outside and let you in?" "No." "Han was driving past after he got out from work, saw you standing outside and pulled into the driveway to let you in before going to the shop?" "No." "... He was climbing out the kitchen window again, wasn't he?" "Yep." "And while he was doing that you were climbing over the fence and got your shirt stuck- again - and you both just stared at each other until he was brave enough to help you down?" "Yep." "Typical." Armitage removed something from his front pocket and sat down across from Ben. With both of his hands, Armitage held out a black box decorated with a thin red ribbon. "Birth." Ben raised a black eyebrow and took the little box from him. "Thank." Ben wasn't sure why Armitage was giving him a present. His birthday wasn't due for another week. Ben opened the box to find a dog tag in the shape of a hexagon with many inner spikes. Armitage hastily turned the tag around, to show Ben that his pseudonym had been engraved on the back. "To match," Armitage said. He loosened the top button of his white shirt and pulled out a tag that was the same shape as the one Ben held. He turned it around to reveal that “General Hux" was etched into it- a name Ben had given one of his fictional characters based off of Armitage. Ben threw his arms around Armitage and buried his face against the other man's neck. "Thank you. I love it so much." "Mhmm." Armitage wrapped his arms around Ben and patted his back. He took the necklace out of its box and place it around Ben’s neck. The black string was just long enough to touch his tank top. Ben smiled and moved away. He lay down on his stomach and Armitage did the same thing, reaching for Ben's comic book. "Trash." "It is a pretty stupid arc," Ben commented, watching as Millicent jumped onto the bed and trotted towards Ben. "I can see why you don't want it anymore- still, Phas will kill us if she finds out you hate her favourite series- and gave it to me. It was your birthday present." "Horrible." "It wasn't a horrible present in Phas's head at the time." "Disgraceful." "You're being dramatic." "Dishonourable." "I will tell her you're-" "Dramatic?" Ben stared at Armitage, who smirked and turned to the comic, paging until Ben presumed he had found his place where he had left off before giving it away. Ben shook his head and pulled Millicent against him. The sudden thought of Armitage ever giving away one of his gifts scared him. Did Phasma own one of Armitage's birthday vouchers, books or CDs? A small amount of weight pressed onto Ben's back followed by two arms wrapping around him. Ben’s stomach did a somersault and he rested his chin on Millicent’s back. “You should bring her over more often.” “Millicent?” “No, my mom- of course Millicent , you noob.” He wanted to close his eyes and drift off to sleep- to finally enjoy some time with Armitage, but then he heard it- the sound of the front door slamming shut, his sister’s giggle, Finn’s definition of ‘whispering’ and the careless attempt to be quiet as they ran up the steps. Ben let out a long moan, annoyed as he listened to Finn demanding to know what Rey was planning- but Ben knew. Rey was always up to no good and he always needed to step in to save her from trouble. There was no doubt she was going to ignore him and take off to the place Poe had (stupidly) brought up earlier. “Rey,” Armitage muttered softly, followed by a yawn. “Do you think we should tell Han?” Ben asked. Armitage pulled away and shook his head. “Dead.” “Yeah, she would be- but that doesn’t stop her from possibly dying tonight. Telling Han or Leia would make a difference. They’d ground her, but at least I won’t have to go looking for her, and then explain shit when I find her dead body.” “Poe.” “If it comes down to finding her body, I’ll definitely blame that little sh-” “Finn.” “Yes. Him too.” Armitage stood up and walked to Ben’s desk. He leaned against it and picked up one of his text books, paging through it. A few minutes had passed until he finally looked away from the book and back at Ben. “What?” Ben smiled shyly, slightly traumatised that he was caught staring. “Nothing.” Armitage looked away, focusing on something outside the window. A worried look crossing his face. “Ben…” Ben quickly sat up straight and held out his hand. “No. Sorry. I shouldn’t have done that.” “ Ben .” “Really,” Ben held back what felt like a nervous sob. He did not want to hear rejection from the man he had had a crush on since they were just kids. “Please don’t say a thing.” Armitage tucked his text book under his arm and pointed outside the window. “ Rey! ” Ben jumped off of his bed and rushed to the window to see Rey’s jumping over the fence. He grabbed Armitage’s hand and hurried out of the bedroom, rushing down the stairs. “Leave your damn book on the table!” “Study!” “You can study tomorrow!” “No!” By this point in Rey's life, she knew the forest like the back of her hand. She had no trouble making her way through it in the dark, nothing but a thin line of torchlight to guide the way. Finn, however, was another story; he'd tripped over too many tree roots in the past few minutes to count. Rey turned to face him, paced backwards as she said, “Don't drop the camera.” Finn huffed a laugh. His grip was firm on the camcorder as he swung it towards her- the light blinking told her that he was recording. “As if,” he said, “You know how dead I'd be if I broke this thing.” Rey's ears picked up a faint rustling, to the left of them. She held up a hand to shush Finn, who shut his mouth with a snap, eyes wide. The hairs on the back of her neck were end- someone, or something , was watching them. She pointed towards the source of the noise, silently indicating that Finn needed to focus the camera on that area. He obliged, and she watched as he zoomed in. The night vision was eerie to look at. She propped her chin on his shoulder and whispered, “See anything?” “No- wait.” he adjusted the zoom, “What's that?” Rey squinted at the little screen. She could just make out what looked to be two pairs of eyes, bright in the darkness. “Oh my god,” Rey wheezed, excitement gripping her chest. She hit at Finn's side, “Do you think they're ghosts-” Just then, two figures emerged from the shadows and approached them with intent. Acting on instinct, Rey threw her torch at them. Notes: come hang with us on the tumbles! Caylynne: caylynnealice Kai: bttmbunk