Ben stared at the door to their quarters, frozen on the spot, eyes wide. All he had wanted to do was go and shower off, wash away the sweat and grim that had accumulated over the day. He was getting cold too. There was a chill in the air. Something he'd never expected on D'Qar, with its perpetual pine trees. The wind blew through the open air hallway and he turned his back against it, arms wrapping around his torso in an effort to ward off the chill creeping up his body. He stood there for another minute and then turn away from the door, heading back down the hallway and outside into the twilight. Ben hated this time of year. Grew to hate it more and more each time it came around. It was a stupid, pointless holiday. Whoever came up with the idea that it was fun to make a mockery of death and damned things? Ben Solo certainly wasn't superstitious. But there was a vast difference between believing in something and knowing it to be true. He didn't need to believe in corpses rising from the dead, he had seen Snoke do it. Had seen the entrails of other humans, friends and enemies alike, spilled out on the ground before him. His boots slick and wet and making that awful, soft squelching noise when he walked. He didn't need fake gutted corpses and limbs littering the hallways. Ben hugged himself tighter and kept walking away from the compound. No one stopped him, only a handful of people interacted with him. And that was fine, too many people at once, all pressing their focus on him wasoverwhelming. He walked further and the pine trees started to come into view. The forest had always calmed him. Since that first night he'd stumbled onto the Resistance base, bloodied and broken. Kylo Ren had collapsed in the green pine forest, bleeding out, spirit crushed. Longing and aching for death. But death had not come. Instead Poe Dameron had. Poe who had found him, quite by accident and then immediately called Finn to help him. After that, Ben doesn't remember much. The weeks that follow are fuzzy and blurry in his mind and Ben avoids looking at them too closely, least they come into focus. He remembers the spot though. The place where he had finally fallen. It is saturated in Dark Energy and everything there had died. Animals don't go near it. Nothing grows. It is easy enough to find the spot. Ben doesn't need stories of demons and evil spirits possessing children and harming others: he has been one such spirit. He has been something damned. He doesn't want that reminder, the shame of it is always in his mind, weighing him down. There is not a day that goes by that he does not regret everything Kylo Ren did. And he will never be able to do enough penance for it. Some days, when the world is covered in sunlight and Ben is constantly engaged in what he is doing, he forgets. Forgets that he'd tortured the man he loved for that map. Forgets how many people he's killed in cold blood. All for what? For a war that he is indifferent to. For politics that he knows nothing about? But he always remembers, sooner or later. Remembers why . Because Snoke's word had been absolute. Kylo Ren had fearfully worshiped the ancient monster. Done everything he'd asked. And in the end been discarded. Sentenced to death. Ben came to a stop, his feet at the edge of the spot. The earth itself had turned gray. Almost like ash. He had expected to die here. He stares at the spot for a long time and slowly sinks to his knees. The Darkness await him. Like a discarded mantle, all he needsaid to do is reach out and pick it back up. To put it back on. It would be so very easy to do... He doesn't. Instead, Ben closes his eyes, his hands moving into his lap as he tries to center himself. Tries to calm down. His emotions are a blurry. A out of control storm. One of his hands goes to clasp the pendant around his neck. It had been a gift from Poe. A blood red stone, in the shape of a fang or a tear drop, depending on how you held it, wrapped in wire. Ben wore it all the time, it was always warm, just like Poe was, he liked that. It helped to ground him. Calm him. "I thought I'd find you here," a voice came from behind him. Ben turned, pendant still clasped in one hand and in the fading light he could just barely make out Poe. Ben looked away, remembering his initial upset, the source of his distress. The fact that theit door was covered in fake cobwebs and severed limbs. That there was a ghoul standing with a bowl of candy on one side of the door and an array of tombstones and bones opposite it. Thinking about it made Ben's stomach turn. "What happened?" Poe asked, setting himself on the ground next to Ben. He doesn't touch the dark haired man, not yet. Ben is very particular about touch, his body language, even in the dark, gives away more than his words ever will. Ben is almost like a cat, nonverbal unless he's hissing and spitting at you. Words had never been easy for Ben. Even when they were younger. Ben was always a quiet soul, not fit for the overly large body that genetics had dealt him. His time away as Kylo Ren has served only to compound the matter. He watched at Ben's shoulders hunched and he bowed his head. Ben avoided talking about his time as Kylo Ren. Avoided talking about his old Master. Spoke about the First Order only when demanded of him by his mother. "Ben?" Poe reached out and gently brushes his fingers against Ben’s arm. A shudder went through the taller man and a small whimper left him. He shook his head, Ben's way of silently insisting that nothing was wrong. Or that the thing bothering get him was something he thought was stupid. "No, don't shake your head," Poe gently chastised him, keeping his fingers brushing against Ben's arm. "I don't think you're stupid. I've never said that." He waited a few minutes, just lightly rubbing Ben's arm with the back of his fingers. A small noise of frustration left the other man. This was good, Ben was close to vocalizeing. Poe continued to wait patiently. Shouting and being confrontational didn't work with Ben. It only pushed him away, made him withdraw. Gentleness, patience was what was needed. They'd all thought Poe was crazy, the idea of gentling Kylo Ren to their side had been seen as absurd. But the other generals of the Resistance hadn't know him when he was Ben Solo. Poe had. Poe had kissed him and Ben had blushed so brightly, but he had also smiled. Smiled and been so filled with Light. It had practically radiated off him. But that had been years ago. Lifetimes ago, before it had all fallen apart. Even now that Light was dim, despite that Ben had thrown of the shackles of the Dark Side, he hadn't fallen back to the Light either. It was as if he was stuck somewhere inbetween. Lost in a thick fog. "I..." Ben whispered, voice trembling. "I hate this." "Hate what, love?" Poe scoots a little closer to him, trying to encourage him to elaborate. Ben makes another frustrated noise. Poe just keeps stroking his arm, motions slow and steady. "I have seen..." Ben shifts and then his position changes, he sits on he ground, drawing his knees against his chest. A more.open position for him. He's gradually getting ready to talk. When he sits like this he can hide if it becomes too much. This is good, this is progress. Poe leans forward and presses a gentle kiss against Ben's should. I'm right here Ben, it's okay. you're not in trouble," he reassures his lover. Ben sighs heavily, Poe can practically hear him eating blow it all off. Insisting that it is nothing. But to Poe's relief, Ben doesn't. "I hate this," he starts over. "This mockery of evil," his voice is a low whisper. "I've seen real evil," he glances at Poe. "I've had a hand in it. That... It never goes away. And to see it treated as a joke as..." he makes another noise, this time one of aggrivation. "As entertainment , Poe.... I-I can't!" His hands go to tug at his hair in his distress. It takes Poe ever all long seconds to puzzle out exactly what Ben means. Then it dawns on him: Halloween. Ben cannot stand Halloween. "Ben," Poe tries to wrap an arm around the other man to comfort him but Ben stands and starts pacing. "It's not funny! It's not a joke! It's terrifying !" He pulls a his hair and his fingers claw at his shoulders. Poe stands, he has to interrupt this before Ben damages himself in his distress. "Ben," Poe catches him by the arm and pulls him into a tight hug. The larger man freezes, quivering at the sudden contact. "Ben it's okay. Hey, look at me," he cups Ben's scarred cheek in one hand and gently turns his face towards him. Tears are spilling down Ben's face and a shuddering sob leaves him. "I've seen it Poe. I've been it! I've been the monster! And to-to," he starts to hyperventilate. "To see this celebrated after Snoke-" Ben shakes his head. "I can't! I can't deal with it, I can't stomach it! It makes me want to..." he stops himself, making an agonized noise. "You're fine Ben," Poe tells him, quietly proud of his lover for having managed to vocalized all of this. This holiday, as a concept is torture for Ben. It's agonizing to see evil mocked and venerated in the same breath. What's worse is that he's real evil. He knows exactly what it can only. It all makes sense. And Poe realizes, a bit sadly, that no amount of carmel apples or candy corn will make Ben see this as the playful holiday it is. There is too much damage. Too much unsaid and not spoken of. Ben is shaking his head against Poe's shoulder. "I can't even go into our quarters!" His tone is laced with frustration and self disgust. "I can stand it! The monster, the gore, no! No! No! No!" He makes a noise of frustration. "Ben, Ben listen to me," Poe says to him, arms holding the larger man tightly. "It's okay. It's okay love." Ben looks at him, clearly not believing him. Poe smiles at him, gentle and comforting. They do this so often it's almost a ritual. Ben feels anxious and is consumed by guilt or fear or simply just having a bad day. Poe will find him, make him vocalize. And most importantly reassure him. Validate him. "Is it?" Ben asks, voice soft and low as Poe gently brushes his tears away. He leans into the gentle touches of calloused thumbs. Poe nods. "It is. I promise. You're fine." Ben swallows heavily and rests his head against Poe's. "What do we do now?" He asks, stomach tense with nerves. He's still shaking from his outburst. "You don't want to go back, do you?" "Poe I can't !" "That's okay love," Poe reassures him, fingers going to tangle in Ben's hair, nails gently scraping at his scalp as Poe works to soothe him. "That's okay. We'll take a little trip instead." Ben is silent at the suggestion. His eyes have closed and he is leaning into Poe's touch. "Would you like that Ben?" He'll take Ben anywhere he wants. Anywhere that will soothe him, relieve him.of this painful stress. "Where would we go?" Ben whispers. His eyes remained closed, afraid to open them. Afraid that this warm comfort, this love that he certainly does that deserve, will vanish if he opens his eyes. "Anywhere you want, Ben," Poe tells him and means it. Slowly Ben's eyes open and he gazes at the pilot, teeth worrying at his lip with anxious hopefulness. "Anywhere?" "Anywhere, just let me grab us an overnight bag," Poe leans forward slightly and lets their lips brush. Ben whimpers softly and presses his lips more fully against Poe's. It's a chaste, closed mouth kiss, safe. Ben likes these tight little kisses, they make him feel warm, safe. Opened mouth devouring of his partners tongue has never been something he found enjoyable. "Okay," Ben whispers, nuzzling his cheek against Poe's and the pilot leads him out of the woods. It's not easy, loving Ben Solo, getting him to communicate, getting to trust. It is an ongoing task, something Poe doesn't mind spending the estimate of his life doing, rebuilding the man who holds his hand so tightly as they walk to the tarmac. Poe kisses him once more and jogs back to their quarters to hastily pack an overnight bag. He steals two carmel apples from the tray that has been prepared ando shoves a few handfuls of candy into his pockets before going back to Ben, finding him waiting by the small shuttle. The pilot hands him a carmel apple with a grin and Ben stares at it suspiciously and takes a small, tentative bite as they board the shuttle. "This is good," Ben murmurs eyes going wide with surprise. "We'll get you some real food soon. But I thought you'd enjoy this in the mean time," Poe smiles at him. Leia will be furious that they left without clearance, but Poe will deal with her later. He just wants to calm Ben down. Make him feel safe again. Ben is his first priority. He has been, since their first kiss when they were younger. Ben sinks into the seat next to Poe as the shuttle lifts off, still gnawing on the apple. Then, as they leave the base behind, Ben's hand reaches out and takes Poe's. "Thank you, Poe." "We can do this every year if you like? Make a tradition of our own," Poe offers a smile and gently squeezes Ben's hand. "I'd like that," Ben smiles back at him and slumps more comfortably into the seat and takes a larger bite of the apple. He hums softly, a noise of contentment Poe has learned. Ben's hand is still clasping his tightly as the stars fill the front viewport and they leave the world behind. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the To Gentle A Monster series