Kylo stood in the empty console room, panting behind his mask. His rage was settling now, the smoke of the room being a reminder of the damage he just caused. He was fuming. How dare someone on the internet insult his stances in his ‘How to be a Sith Lord’ videos. What did Youtube user JediofJakku know about lightsaber stances? Nothing, they were probably some miserable scavenger on Jakku, wasting away in the sand. As soon as he got a chance, he planned on flying to Jakku and hunting down this sad youtube user. Show them the proper stances, up close and personal. He took a deep breath, remembering the breathing exercises Snoke told him about once. They never worked, but he still tried. He closed his eyes, taking in a deep breath. Holding it before exhaling. He opened his eyes again to look at exactly what he had done to the room. Hux was going to be so pissed. But that was true for most things between them. Kylo’s eyes traveled the room, seeing just how many slashes he had made in the consoles. He was silently impressed by the sight: it almost looked like a new record. The smoke was starting to clear; Kylo paused when a certain item caught his eye. Or rather, what was left of the item. ----------- “Hux!” Kylo banged on the door of Hux’s quarters. Knowing he could use the override code but this was easier. “Hux, we have to go back to Earth, right now!” Kylo shouted before quieting himself. He turned to see a few stormtroopers about to enter the hallway; who saw him before doing a 180 and going back the way they came. “What?!” Hux spat when he finally opened the door to his quarters, looking to Kylo as if he was insane. “I fucked up, big time,” Kylo tried to explain in a haste, grabbing Hux’s arm and tugging him out of his room. “We have to go right now!!” “What did you do this time?” Hux asked, pulling his arm out of Kylo’s grip and dusting it off. Kylo looked around the hallway again, before leaning in close to Hux as he spoke. “I destroyed Phasma’s cape.” “You what?” Hux asked, confused more than anything. “I...may or may not have destroyed another control panel. Sue me,” Kylo said with a shrug. “But, her cape was in there and now...” Kylo pulled the cape from his robes, unfolding it and holding it up. A massive slash ran through the cape diagonally, the edges singed as they had been burned by a lightsaber. “We have to get fabric to make a new one - immediately, before she notices!” Hux sighed, looking at the mess that Kylo made. “Dammit Ren,” Hux huffed, closing the door to his quarters and straightening his uniform. “I’m only helping you because I don’t want Phasma coming to me about this. Got it?” Hux saw Kylo nod, looking sad and meek as he held the damaged cape up close to himself. “Let’s go, before she notices.” Hux led the way to Kylo’s shuttle, Kylo hot on his heels. Hux hoped that Ren would have a sense of urgency this time, at least. Unlike their last adventure to Earth… ------------------- Hux once again found himself in Ren’s command shuttle - same pilot as before, too. The man looked nervous, especially as Ren’s unmasked self stood next to him. Hux sat in his seat, holding his iPhone and playing Panda Pop. “Stop there.” Ren pointed for the pilot. “I need to grab supplies there first.” “Sir…,” the pilot began, “General Hux alerted me that we need to stay on track, due to this being an urgent trip-” “Stop there,” Ren growled, hand unclipping his lightsaber from his belt - an obvious threat. The pilot took the order, shifting the ship towards the new destination. Normally, Hux would make a fuss and demand Ren’s explanation. But at this point in his travels with Ren, he knew this detour was going to be for one reason and one reason only. He was only proven correct when they idled over a McDonalds. Hux stood to look out of a viewport before walking to the front of the ship to join Ren, who was attempting to instruct the pilot on how to squeeze the shuttle through the drive through line. “Ren, let’s just have him drop us off at the front and I’ll accompany you,” Hux offered, as he would rather not spend 20 minutes holding up the line trying to maneuver a ship way out of the size limit into the drive through. “I thought you hated Earth food,” Ren complained, but seemed to agree as he instructed the pilot to take them to the front. “I probably won’t be getting anything myself,” Hux said, preparing himself for a hopefully ten minute detour. He could only hope they’d grab the food to go, make it to the fabric store, and then head back home to the Finalizer. --------- “Welcome to McDonalds, may I take your order?” asked the uncaring teenage cashier at the front of the line. It had taken them already 5 minutes to get through, so Hux could only hope Ren was just in for a snack. “Yes, um…” Ren looked up at the menu behind the cashier’s head. “Hux, order what you want and I’ll pay for ya. Just gimme a minute to think.” Hux sighed, of course Ren hadn’t spent the 5 minutes in line planning his order. Why would he? “All I want is a Southwest Grilled chicken salad and an Iced Tea,” Hux ordered, turning to stare at Ren while he continued to hold up the growing line behind them. After what seemed like 3 minutes of Ren mumbling “Hmms” and “Umms,” Ren finally spoke. “I’ll take an Oreo McFlurry, an 8 piece McNugget, a Large Fry, and a McGangbang.” “Ren,” Hux whispered. “Did you just...ask for a gangbang…?” “Yes?” Ren asked, confused by Hux’s question. The cashier didn’t even seem to question it, typing in the order and telling Ren his total. Ren went to swipe the card, hearing the familiar angry beep asking for chip. Hux, once again, had the pleasure of watching Ren struggle to figure out the chip reader. Hux didn’t correct him this time, and made the cashier instruct Ren. After the food was paid for Hux was given his cup to get his ice tea and went to the dispensers. It was a mess, of course, but he ignored it and got his subpar iced tea and started sipping. Going back to join Ren, who was still waiting for their food. “What’s a McGangbang, Ren?” Hux asked, since Ren never answered him. “Uh,” Ren started, thinking. “It’s like, you order a double cheeseburger and a McChicken. And then you take the chicken patty and put it between the burger patties and eat that. McGangbang from McDicks.” “Please don’t call it that,” Hux huffed. “And that’s atrocious, it sounds more like a heart attack waiting to happen.” Ren shrugged. “Better than getting a salad, that’s no more healthy than what I got.” Hux took a deep breath. ‘Be strong Hux, be strong for Snoke,’ he mentally chanted to himself before responding. “I’m at least 99% sure, Ren, that a salad is significantly healthier than 8 chicken nuggets, a large fry, and a literal cardiac arrest on a bun.” Ren just shrugged in response. “If you say so.” Hux was about to continue his lecture when Ren was given the bags of food by the cashier. He quickly checked the contents of the bags before handing Hux his own. Ren grabbed his McFlurry filled to the top with pieces of oreos before he took his items to sit at a table nearby. “Um,” Hux started, standing at the side of the table while Ren unpacked his chicken nuggets and started to eat them. “Aren’t we going back to the shuttle?” Ren looked up to Hux with confusion. “Uh, no? I want to eat my nuggets before we head out,” Ren answered, before spooning a mouthful of frozen dairy and cookies into his mouth after eating a fried chicken nugget. Hux decided to make no comment on the disgusting combo. “Aren’t we, you know, in a hurry to fix Phasma’s cape before she finds out?” Hux pointed out, though he sat down to join Ren across the table, taking out his salad. He knew Ren wasn’t going to budge on this. “Eh, as long as we’re not on the Finalizer when she finds out, we’ll be safe,” Ren said, dipping a nugget in some honey mustard sauce before popping it into his mouth; as if his horrible ice cream chicken combo wasn’t disgusting enough. Hux said nothing in response to that, instead looking at the meal Ren was eating. Specifically, at the fries. It’s been awhile since he had an Earth french fry… Ren seemed to notice Hux staring, so he nudged the box of fries closer to the other man. Which Hux took the offer without comment, grabbing a fry and popping it into his mouth. He could already tell his stomach was going to be upset later. The meal was relatively short for Ren’s standards. Hux finished off his salad and refilled his iced tea while Ren packed up what was left of his meal, which was just the McGangBang and what was left of his McFlurry. The two left together, leaving all the trash on the McDonald's dining room table. As they exited the establishment Hux looked up to the sky for their shuttle - but the skies were oddly clear, even free of clouds. Hux turned to Ren to ask him to call the driver, only to see him already half way across the parking lot. “Where are you going?” Hux called as he not really ran, but did a quick trot after Ren to catch up. “Oh.” Ren paused, turning to Hux. “I picked this McDicks because it’s right by our destination,” Ren said as he pointed up to the store he was walking towards. Jo-Ann Fabrics and Crafts. Hux hadn’t been to one of these in years; he vaguely recalled them all closing down on Earth. Or was that Hancock Fabrics? All the fabric stores blurred together over time anyway. Either way, though. “Ren,” Hux started, walking ahead of him as they approached the front of the store. “We will not be spending our entire day in this store, got it? We have to make it back to the Finalizer in time to make the new cape and deliver it to Phasma unnoticed. I presume you have a sewing machine, right?” Ren went quiet in response, hands fiddling with the Mcdonalds bag. Hux stopped walking before they entered the store, looking to Ren. “How do you plan to sew this cape without a sewing machine?” “I was kinda hoping one of the ladies in the store could make it for me,” Ren said sheepishly. “Also, I have a few things I need to pick up while I’m here. But I promise to make it quick.” Hux rolled his eyes, shrugging as he entered the store officially. The overbearing smell of Cinnamon scented pinecones immediately overwhelmed his senses, making him think of Christmas even though it was just September on Earth. The store itself was decently lit, had its own sort of atmosphere to it that Hux couldn’t quite describe past relating it to other past craft stores he’d been to. He looked to Ren - who he had thought was by his side- but found the spot empty. Hux quickly turned to where he correctly assumed Ren would head to first, seeing the man enter the Halloween section of the store. Hux followed, mostly to make sure Ren didn’t start filling a basket over the top with cheap decorations. He saw Ren playing with a skeleton dog on a shelf, but the closer Hux got to seeing the decoration, the more confused he got as the skeleton dog had floppy ears made from bone. Hux was about to comment about that before Ren interrupted. “Hux, look!” Ren said enthusiastically as he held up a skeleton cat. “It’s Millicent!” Hux examined the cat, its back arched in a typical halloween cat fashion. But he couldn’t help be put off by this skeleton as well, considering it had feline ears of bone. “The real Millicent is happy and well at home, Ren,” Hux responded, turning his back to Ren and moving down the aisle. “Now let’s just keep going, we don’t need Halloween decorations.” Hux left the aisle, turning towards the fabric side of the store. He wasn’t exactly sure what fabric Phasma used for her capes, but he was sure he could find an associate to help them out. Hux turned to make sure Ren was following him, only to see, of course, he wasn’t. In fact, he was nowhere to be seen. Of course he lost Ren in a fabric store, why wouldn’t he? Hux decided to do the best thing, trying to find the fabric on his own and hopefully find Ren on the way. He turned to look at the random assortments of fabrics, trying to figure out if there was any organizing system in place. He saw fabrics that looked to be for prom dresses; he figured if there was a black version of the satins it could work. Hux stood in the aisle for a few minutes, looking at the fabric neatly organized by color in the aisle. He’d occasionally pull out a bolt, pull the fabric up over the top to undo the draping, check the price, then place it back undraped into an open spot next to where he found it originally. He wasn’t exactly sure what Ren’s budget on this was today, but then again Ren never seemed to care too much about where he blew his money anyway. Ren should honestly be the one to decide which fabric would be best, Hux decided, leaving the aisle with some fabric touching the floor or bolts neatly set on top of the rest of the fabric. For once, Hux thankfully found Ren immediately. He stood at the end of an aisle, holding up a bolt of fabric to examine it. Hux could just see the edge of the cart sticking out from the aisle; he could already see it was packed full. Oh no… “Ren,” Hux called, seeing Ren turn and perk up. Pulling the cart from the aisle, Hux’s suspicions were confirmed. It was packed full to the top with Halloween print fabrics. “Hux, look!” Ren smiled at Hux. “They have fat black cats all over this print!” “Ren, we’re not here to buy Halloween fabric,” Hux reminded him, though he did look at the fabric being presented to him. It was rather cute; the cats were more like blobs of black on the orange print, the only distinguishing factor of them being cats would be the pointed ears and little tails off to the side of them. It’d be cute - if he had a purpose for it. “You’re not getting any of that, put it back.” “But Huuuuux,” Ren whined, clutching the bolt to his chest. “No ‘Buts,’ put it back,” Hux ordered, starting to walk back to where he vaguely remembered seeing the prom fabric. He heard Ren following behind him, but also the sound of the cart. Hux tried his best to ignore the noise, hoping Ren was going to just push it down an aisle somewhere. But as they approached the well lighted Jewelry department, Hux decided to address it. “Ren,” Hux called, turning to see him still clutching that same bolt of fabric to his chest with both hands, apparently using the force to drag the rest of the cart with him. “Hux, please,” Ren whined. “You know how I feel about Halloween…” “I’m well aware, yes,” Hux replied, not budging. He knew how the overgrown child felt about halloween, of course he had. It was Ren who had organized the last 5 years of “Trick or Treat” events on the Finalizer. Which he knew for a fact Ren was already planning for this year, much to Hux’s pleading that they shouldn’t because of budget. Regardless. “What are you even going to do with all of that? You don’t even have a sewing machine.” “I’ll figure something out!” Ren whined. He wasn’t going to change his mind on this. Hux groaned, pinching the bridge of his nose as he already felt a headache coming on. “One fabric,” he bargained. “Pick one, leave the rest.” He saw Ren smile, at least getting some of what he wanted. Hux decided to busy himself, turning to the jewelry department and examining the strung beads they had on sale. They all looked fairly cheap, but really he wasn’t a jewelry maker so it didn’t matter. “Just one?” Ren asked after a few minutes of moving the bolts around in his cart. Hux turned to look at Ren, who was currently debating between a bat print with a purple background and a pumpkin print with a black background. “Just one, we don’t have all day, need I remind you,” Hux ordered, moving further into the jewelry aisle, Ren following with the cart. “We still have to find the fabric for Phasma, so hurry up.” Ren groaned, before huffily dumping the fabric bolts he had in his hands back into the cart. He then grabbed one that was near the front of the pile: it was bats on a gray background that almost had a watercolor effect to it. Ren then walked to Hux, leaving the cart in the aisle and childishly dragging his hand through the strung beads as he walked past them, knocking several strands of them to the ground. Hux made no comment, just rolling his eyes as Ren walked behind him like a kicked puppy. “Ren, you should be used to how I shop by now, don’t act like I just completely ruined your day.” “You ruined Halloween, Hux,” Ren whined. “You’re like the grinch of Halloween.” “You call me the grinch during Christmas too,” Hux corrected. “Now hush your whining and grab an employee; we’re going to need help grabbing a fabric suitable enough for Phasma’s cape.” Ren whined like a child, clutched the bat fabric bolt to his chest, and walked past Ren to seek out an employee. Hux could only hope that Ren wasn’t going to get lost, like he usually did. But he was going to put his trust in Ren, this time. He should know better than to do that… Notes: Please submit all anon hate to @tezzypants Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Terrible Customers series