Wolf/Fox/Octopus "Ren! I can't get my fangs to recede!" Hux called from the kitchen, where he was using his phone's camera to see how he looked. He hadn't been sure about whether or not he was pulling off the look Kylo had forced him into. "You just fed from Phasma an hour ago! There's no way you're still hungry." "I don't feel any cravings -well, besides for those awful mint and jelly candies." "Stop eating the peppermint patties with jellybeans and ranch dressing." "Your child wants it, not me. Though it's been heavenly." "Well it tastes disgusting. Imagine if you kissed me a year ago and I tasted like mint and ranch with a subtle hint of artificial fruit." Kylo entered the kitchen. "If you only ate the peppermint candy it'd be fine. The jellybeans, fine. But why ranch dressing?" "Shut up. Look- my fangs are stuck out." Hux opened his mouth as Kylo approached. Kylo inspected them, pressing on them a bit. "What do you think?" "...Didn't they pop out right before Callum was born? Within hours of you going into labor?" "Fuck." Hux ran a hand through his hair. "Fuck!" "What's wrong?" Kylo grew concerned. "I'm going to give birth on Halloween! This is- that's so embarrassing!" Hux covered his face with his hands. "In this stupid skeleton shirt with my hair all messed up!" Kylo held back a laugh, not wanting to upset his boyfriend at all. "This is like some kind of stupid edgy story, a half-vampire half-werewolf baby is born on Halloween." "Aw, Callum was born on Valentine's Day. And he's human, this one might be too." "He was supposed to be born in late April! And I've been craving more blood than usual so this one's part something." "Hey, maybe this one will come tomorrow. Or you'll be in labor today but start pushing tomorrow morning." "Callum came fast. And if I'm in labor we won't be able to take him trick-or-treating!" They'd promised Callum they'd take him out for his first real Halloween after arranging to bring him over for a few days. Hux was looking forward to finally being able to spend a holiday with their son. Since Callum lived with Leia, they hardly ever got to do anything special with him. "I promised I'd go with him!" "It'll be fine, I promise. You won't go into labor for a while. We can take him out early. He's a little kid, so he'll be fine with that. It's safer." Hux's water broke. Kylo mentally sighed as a puddle of fluid grew around Hux's feet, wincing as his boyfriend's face fell. "I take that back. You know, Callum won't mind- he's never minded if we missed something before. We can try again next year. I'll buy him candy tomorrow, or Poe and Finn can take him out while we go to the hospital." "I'm going to go clean myself up." "I'll get some paper towels for the floor." - Hux didn't come out of the upstairs bathroom, so Kylo knew he was probably crying. The redhead had really wanted to have a great, memorable night with their son, actually be able to experience something parental and fun. Now it would just be another 'sorry, Cal, you'll have to stay with Uncle Poe, we can't do what we planned...' to add to the list. While he had told Hux Callum wouldn't mind, he knew Callum did mind when they had to cancel plans. He'd say, "Oh, that's okay," but would look completely crestfallen. Poe would usually text back how upset Callum was on the drive back to Leia's, as soon as he was at the house and nudging the boy through the front door. Hux always got depressed after those incidents, not good with his already poor mental health. Kylo sighed. They were both screw ups. Incompatible screw ups that stubbornly insisted on staying together when they should have split up after a week. His mother had been right about him being unable to form stable relationships. The only time he and Hux were vaguely normal was when Hux was pregnant, but only because his wolf side got overprotective and wanted nothing more than to keep his mate happy and healthy. He'd thought that after Callum was born maybe having a child would keep his anger problems subdued, but after a month, he was back to having little control. Shortly after, his mother had declared them unfit to raise a child, a danger to the baby, and had legally taken Callum away when he was almost six months old. He suspected the only reason Hux hadn't killed him then for being the main reason that their son was taken was because Leia only allowed them to see Callum together, with Poe's supervision. Only once had she allowed Hux to see Callum by himself, and she'd gone with them. He wondered how long it'd take for her to gain custody of this new baby. Probably faster than it'd taken to get Callum. He'd suggested to Hux that they should just give it up to her, but that had started an argument he didn't have any desire to relive even in his memories. Considering how Hux had reset up the nursery, and repurchased baby supplies, it was going to be another long, tear filled fight. Well, that wouldn't come up for another few weeks. Right now he needed to coax Hux out of the bathroom and to the hospital. - "Hux?" He knocked lightly on the bathroom door before opening it. "Are you alright?" Hux was sitting on the floor, the ruined skeleton pants in a heap on the hamper with the matching skeleton hand gloves and skeleton feet socks. The skeleton themed outfit he'd chosen for Hux was ruined. At least the sweater, featuring a small skeleton in a fetal position over Hux's stomach was okay. It was hitched up as Hux rubbed his belly. He was naked from there down, knees up and legs spread. "My contractions have started. They're pretty close already." "Then I'll get you some pants and we'll go to the hospital. I'll call Poe to-" "No! I'm not going to the hospital!" That seemed unlike Hux, who trusted doctors far more than anything 'natural'. "Why not? We don't know how to deliver a baby." "If I go to the hospital your mother's going to find out and take my baby away again!" "How would she-" "Your uncle works at that hospital! He'll see my name and call your mother! I'm not letting her take away my baby! We're getting Callum back too!" "Hux, you're being irrational-" "I have a plan, Ren! And it starts with not going to the hospital!" Hux looked really upset. His wolf side wanted him to just go along with what his mate was saying and get him comfortable and ready for the birth, but his human side was telling him it was a terrible idea. "Don't make me go! I want to give birth here- on the bed, please don't make me go, Ren!" Tears started spilling. Wolf side won out. He knelt down beside Hux, "Okay, I won't. Here, I'll help you get into bed." He helped Hux to his feet, letting the redhead lean against him for support. Hux tensed up as his abdomen contracted, breathing going ragged, and Kylo stopped and held him up until it passed. As soon as it was over Kylo decided to just scoop up Hux and carry him to bed. Hux grabbed the front of his shirt in surprise. He gently placed Hux down, making sure he didn't jostle him at all. "What do you need?" "Towels, water, scissors, and something to wrap the baby in. And get this sweater off." "Aw." - Hux gradually became calm as Kylo brought out the supplies he asked for. He laid out the towels, leaving one to the side next to the water. Then he kneeled on top of them, doing breathing exercises he'd looked up. Kylo came back in with the scissors and a baby blanket from the nursery. He set those aside and sat next to Hux, rubbing his shoulder blades as he groaned through another contraction. "Is it coming fast?" "Really close... There's a lot of pressure..." "Poe texted me while I was downstairs. He's on his way. Should I tell him to turn around, or-" "How long until Callum gets here?" "Two hours." "Okay... okay, I can give birth in under two hours." Kylo realized the rest of Hux's plan. "Hux, you're not going trick-or-treating with Callum right after giving birth. You need to go to the-" "Shut up! I'm going! I promised him that I'd take him out, so I will!" "He's got me. You can stay home and rest-" "No! I'm- uugh..." Hux screwed his eyes shut. "Oh, god..." "What's wrong?" Hux yelled as he bore down, and Kylo steadied him. Hux grabbed his arm and squeezed. "Breathe." Hux listened, managing a few gasps. He ground out, "I... I promised Callum..." "Okay, okay, you can go! Focus on the baby." - Kylo helped Hux get into a better position, kneeling in front of him as a support and rubbing his lower back. Hux spread his knees and wrapped his arms around Kylo's neck, his heavy stomach pressed up against Kylo. It took a while to get everything rearranged, having to stop whenever Hux had a contraction and wait until he caught his breath to shift him more. He pushed hard through all of them. "Fuck!" Hux shouted. Kylo lowered a hand down to feel what was going on. The baby was beginning to crown. "Shit, this hurts! " "That's kind of the point." "Shut up! Don't fucking talk!" "The first thing the baby's going to hear is you swearing. Ow!" Hux bit him to shut him up, but then Kylo felt the redhead licking and sucking greedily at the blood that welled up. Hux shuddered. Kylo mentally berated himself for not letting Hux drink before he started pushing. It would give him the extra energy he needed to deliver their baby. The rush that came with feeding would help distract from the worst of the pain. With the help from feeding, Hux pushed through his next few contractions until the head popped out. He cried out as it did. Kylo supported the head with his hand. "Head's out, Hux. You're almost there." "Stop talking..." Hux spread his knees a bit further and groaned. He rocked slightly through the pain as he bore down. His belly pressed against Kylo's, inadvertently helping him to get the baby out. Kylo nuzzled him, his show of comfort since Hux was intent on having silence. As the shoulders of the baby slowly made their way out, taking longer as they'd sink back in during the short reprieve between contractions, Hux went back to lapping up blood, making a new bite mark. His face was red from strain, his breathing forced. Kylo wanted to help him somehow, but didn't know what else he could do besides be a literal support and offer energy. Watching his mate in pain was difficult. By the time the shoulders were out, no longer going in, Hux was exhausted, covered in sweat. Drinking blood only did so much, and Kylo's wasn't purely human, and neither was he, making it not as effective as it could have been. "Oh gods, Ren, I can't-" "It's almost out." "I can't do this, I can't-" "Yes, you can. You had Callum, didn't you?" "He was early! He was small and I was high on painkillers! I blacked out immediately after!" "If you can't do it, then you won't be able to take Callum out trick-or-treating." "No! How much time do I have left?" "Little over an hour- But we need to get you and the baby cleaned up, and get you a costume. Keep pushing." After pushing and feeling the baby inch out further, Hux cried, "This is torture! I wish you could just pull it out!" "I think I could, actually." "What?" "I can get a grip on the shoulders, tug it while you push? Isn't that a thing doctors do? They used that suction cup for Callum, right, since you were almost passing out?" Hux pulled back to give him a confused look. He tried to explain, "They attached this big suction cup to his head and pulled it while you pushed. He had a red spot on his head for a while." "What the fuck-" He broke off and moaned. "Ah, focus on the baby. Here, I'll just- pull-" He tugged on the baby's shoulders and Hux grabbed a fistful of his shirt as the baby came partway out. "Oh, fuck." " Ren! Don't-" "I'll stop-" Hux pushed before his next contraction, impatient. The baby slid out into Kylo's hands, wailing, and Hux went limp against him, gasping. "It's out. Okay, we need to get you laid down and the baby in front of you. Can you get up?" Hux reluctantly got back to his knees, wincing. Kylo maneuvered the baby through his legs. "Lay back and I'll grab the scissors and stuff." Hux slowly laid down, and Kylo put the crying baby onto his stomach. He dipped the towel into the water and wiped the baby clean, making sure to clear off the face completely. Then he tied off and cut the cord. He wiped his hands off on a towel. Hux pulled the baby up to his chest. "Another boy, Ren... Hand me the blanket." Kylo gave the soft blanket to Hux, who carefully bundled up the baby. "Ready to deliver the afterbirth?" Hux gave him a confused look. "How do you not remember Callum's birth?" "Ren, I'm not even going to remember this. What am I doing now?" "Pushing out the afterbirth. The thing the baby was inside of. It's been a few minutes." "Oh- oh, I feel it." Hux bore down again until the fleshy mass left his body. "Ugh, that's disgusting." "Let's get you into the shower. I'll get the baby a diaper and clothes. And figure out costumes for you and him." "We don't have a baby costume." Hux reluctantly put the baby down on a pillow. "I'm going to make one. And I have a back up costume for you." He helped Hux off of the bed, supporting him when his legs gave out. Hux took a moment to get steady on his feet, and then leaned heavily against his partner. Kylo guided him into the bathroom, and helped him step into the bathtub. Hux sat down in it and turned on the shower head. He let the water spray onto him, and adjusted the temperature. "Go check on the baby. I can do this myself." Nodding, Kylo went back to the bedroom. The baby squirmed on the pillow, so he lifted him up. He went to the nursery to get the baby diapered and clothed. Looking at the clothes Hux had purchased the past few months, he got an idea for a costume. He picked up a white onesie and a pair of red shorts, and fit those onto the baby. Then he went downstairs and grabbed a piece of paper. He colored a yellow circle onto it with a highlighter and cut it out. He taped it to the baby's stomach, half on red, half on white. He wrote 'Campbell's' on the remaining paper and cut it out in a rectangle, then taped that to the baby's chest. Perfect, a soup can, a great costume. He went back upstairs and set the baby down in the crib so he could clean up the bed and throw out the ruined towels. Once that was finished, he pulled out the costume he'd gotten as a spare for Hux, grabbed some underclothes, and laid them out on the bed. Then he retrieved the baby and waited for Hux to come out of the shower. - When Hux came out, he looked tired. He brightened up seeing the baby. Looking at the bright orange clothes on the bed, his smile fell. "Is that my costume?" "Yes." "...A fox." "So we match! I'm a wolf, you're a fox." "I still don't understand why you're going as a wolf. You're an actual werewolf. Can't you just bring out your normal ears instead of those fake ones?" Hux picked up the briefs Kylo had placed out and pulled them on as he spoke. "I'm bringing out my tail and claws." Hux pulled on the orange sweatpants with an attached orange and white tail next. "My fangs are still stuck out and I've got a craving for human blood." "Just jump Poe when he shows up." Hux sat down, ignoring the shirts. Kylo handed him the baby, and Hux coaxed him into suckling. As the baby nursed, Kylo asked, "What should we name him?" "I was thinking we should name him something that's vaguely similar to Callum, ends in an 'm' again. How about Reim? Callum and Reim Hux-Ren?" "That sounds good. Hey there, Reim." "How much longer until Callum shows up?" "Ten minutes." "Let's get downstairs, then. Poe always shows up early." - Poe showed up five minutes early. Kylo answered the door and pointedly ignored him, looking down at Callum. "Dad!" "Hey, Cal! Ready for trick-or-treating?" "Yeah!" "We just have to wait a few minutes until your mom and little brother are ready, okay? Then we'll go right out." "Brother?" Callum's eyes widened. "Mom had the baby? Can I see?" Poe looked just as surprised. "Hux had the kid? Did you call Leia?" "Yes, he did. Sure, Cal. Poe- no." "Then I'll call her." Poe pulled out his phone. Kylo grabbed it out of his hands and snapped it in half. He dropped the two pieces. He gave Poe a harsh glare before focusing back on Callum. "Come on, they're in the living room. Hux! Callum's here!" Callum stepped into the house and turned into the living room. Seeing Hux, he darted over to him. "Mom!" He climbed onto the couch next to the ginger. Hux wrapped an arm around him in a hug. "Callum! I missed you-" "I missed you too, Mom! Is that the baby?" "This is your brother Reim. As soon as he's done eating and I pull on my costume, we can go out, alright?" Callum nodded excitedly. He squirmed closer to his brother. "Hi, Reim. I'm your big brother, Cal. Mom, can I hold him when he's done?" "Of course." Hux nuzzled Callum's head. "What's your costume, darling?" It was purple, with things that looked like tentacles sticking off of it. "I'm an octopus!" "Oh, that's cute. You like them?" "They're my favorite animal! Uncle Finn let me pick out an octopus costume at the store." "You went with Uncle Finn?" Hux sounded relieved, Kylo noticed. Callum didn't really like Finn all that much, he was awkward with kids, so Hux didn't mind when Finn did things with Callum that a parent would usually do. If it was Poe or Leia, Hux would feel depressed, especially if Callum enjoyed himself. "He's nice, isn't he? Straight to the task?" "Mhmm. I don't think he likes me much, though. Well... He doesn't know how to act around me." "He's never been around children. But, if you spend more time with him, he'll open up eventually." "Oh, okay." Callum snuggled up to Hux and went quiet, silently watching Reim. After around ten minutes, Reim pulled away and fell asleep. Callum sat back and Hux handed him his brother, making sure he was holding him correctly and supporting his head. Kylo went over and helped Hux pull on the last of his clothes, an undershirt and a fuzzy orange shirt with a white patch that matched his own fuzzy black one. He put the little fake fox ears on his mate's head and grinned. Hux didn't seem to like the ears much, but allowed them. Callum liked them. "You match!" "Yup! We're all our favorite animal. Except for Reim. Hard to pick a favorite when you're barely an hour old." "So... he's a can of soup instead?" "Is that what he's supposed to be? Ren!" "We were pressed for time. I saw his clothes and went with it." Poe started, "Wait, did he only give birth toda-" "Shut up, Dameron. You're here to observe, not talk. Anyways... Ready to go out?" "Yeah!" - Since they were only going to go to the houses on their street, Kylo convinced Poe to just sit on the front steps with a bowl of candy so he could keep an eye on them like he was supposed to while satisfying candy crazed children. He shoved the bowl of bite sized sweets at Poe as Hux and Callum left the house. "Come on, Ren!" "Daaad!" "Hey, Ky, I'm supposed to-" "You're not even in costume, Dameron. You've been a lurking presence in every good memory Callum has with us, and I won't let that happen today. You're not ruining this for Callum." "Oh. Fine. How many kids come to this house?" "A lot. You'll be eaten alive." - "Whoa! You've got claws!" Callum grabbed at his hands as soon as he met up with them outside. "And your tail!" "Teeth, too." Kylo bared his sharp canines. They weren't as long or pointy as Hux's, but were wolf teeth, so he earned some points of coolness there. Callum looked excited. "Mom, are your teeth out too?" "Yes. Ah, that reminds me. Ren, take the baby for a minute-" Hux pressed Reim into his arms. He turned to Poe, "Dameron! Wrist out!" "Fuck, dude-" Hux went over and grabbed Poe's wrist. He tugged his sleeve up and bite down before Poe could prepare himself. Poe yelped. Hux came back after a long minute of feeding, licking blood from his fangs and lip. He took back Reim. "Now we can go." - Callum was having a great time going from house to house getting little treats from all the neighbors. He excitedly showed them the new sweets being added to his little pumpkin baggy, and told them whenever a neighbor complimented his costume. Glancing at Hux as Callum went up to another door, Kylo could see he was smiling softly, looking genuinely happy despite how tired he must have been. His eyes were trained on their son, occasionally glancing down at the baby, who was still asleep. Kylo couldn't help but lean over to kiss his cheek, wrapping an arm around his waist. Hux looked a bit surprised, but then leaned into the touch offered. Callum ran back up to them. "I got a cool pen! It's got little ghosts on it!" "That's really neat, kiddo. Ready for the next house?" "Mhmm!" - After finishing their street, they returned home. Hux plopped down on the couch, exhausted, without even taking off the fake ears. He pulled his legs up and laid down, the baby on his chest. Callum pulled off his costume, revealing a shirt with an octopus on it. He pulled out some candy from his bag and opened one. "Don't eat all of that tonight, Cal, you'll get sick." "Oh, really?" "Yep. Happens to your dad every year with the candy he buys tomorrow." "I do not get sick." "Last year you curled up on the ground and tried not to puke until I physically dragged you to bed and you slept for six hours." There was nothing he could say to that to refute it. It was true. "I love candy." "Don't overindulge." Callum put his bag on the table, only keeping the few pieces he had already pulled out. "I'll just eat these, then! The rest can be for later." After eating his few pieces and putting his costume folded on the table, Callum climbed on top of Hux and laid down on him, careful not to bump into his little brother. Hux wrapped his arms around the both of them and closed his eyes. Kylo grabbed a blanket and put it over them as soon as he was sure they were all asleep. Notes: this will have a sequel! Follow/talk to me on Tumblr! @Oblioknowlton or @Tinybibmpreg Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 11 of the All my Beloved (Awful) Children series Next Work → ← Previous Work Part 20 of the Evil Space Dads series Next Work → Part 1 of the Happy Holidays series