Prologue Notes: Needless to say, darth-tantrum told me about Snoke originally being a very beautiful woman, I was reminded of the other mother from Coraline, and wrote this. They told stories of a very lonely woman, who was very powerful. There had been a time when she was still... remotely human. But her use in the force corrupted her and she aged to be incredibly old. Now she lured small kids into her traps, taking their souls to stay young. They were stories told be villagers and primitives. They were true. Rey had played in the gardens as a little girl. Making houses for imaginary small people and grabbing flowers for her mother. She'd always remembered to stay close to the outskirts of town, never go to far away. Anyone with sense had told the child of it's dangers as a young age. Out their were the remnants of the Dark Side Sympathizers. They wouldn't welcome such a kind girl, and the fact that she owned the power to use the Force... She must keep to the town, where she is safe. Melodic voices came from the woods and spoke to Rey. Their tunes pleasing yet not too tempting for her to want to wander out like her mother warned against. Yet today, she was so tempted, building small houses out of flower petals and sticks, the sounds of a beautiful tune played melodically through the forest, beckoning her to come forward. To let them enter her head. I'll wash all your worries away my sweet child, come find me. Must not be tempted. At the time, the little girl thought she'd had a choice. Walking back to the town. Everything was fine. She said hello to the a few alien tourists passing by and ran back to the townsquare. The day was a beautiful one, not to be ruined by the mistake of not following her mother's advice. Every thing was normal and she was not tempted, until she smelled smoke. The girl blinked, rubbed her eyes, and turned to realize that the sunny and beautiful day had been a figment of her imagination. Her chest rose at an incredible rate. This isn't right. Her vision began to swirl as she began to run to her mother's hut. "Mom!" "Mom!" Everything was ash, it was useless to try. But children have a habit of not processing bad things that happen until they've seen the whole picture, and looked out their grim prospects for a future. Her mother, or what must've been a relative, was bubbling on the ground next to where her doormat was. I'll wash away all your worries. Her mother was dead. Nothing left. She stayed in her home village for days. Hoping that the pain would lessen and someone would come by and save her. Naive thinking, for a child. The only thing that happened was the rotting of flesh and her hunger growing. Come child, you need to eat. Just enter the woods. I will keep you safe and help you. The voice said the same thing to her everyday, a soothing and melodic call enticing her to come forth. On the sixth day, she could not refuse their offer. Into the woods she wandered, her stomach full of hunger and her heart filled with loss. Her head filled with promises uncertain to be kept. The woods, were not as the villagers had told her they were, they were not the same gnarly and dark wood that she could get kidnapped by a dark sider in. They were wondrous, filled with flowers and large fruits that she was itching to sink her teeth into. Their flesh red, and insides smelling of something far sweeter than she had ever tasted. "Go ahead child, pick one, any one." Rey jumped. Beside her sat a woman, much taller than she. Her skin was hard and smooth like greying marble and her eyes were a very dark red that almost looked black. She was the most beautiful woman Rey had ever seen. The woman's smile was so inviting that she turned back to the fruit trees that stood in front of her, and picked the ripest looking fruit off of it's vine. "Eat, you look hungry." She giggled. "Are- it's okay?" "Yes. Of course, never want to deny a hungry child their food now do we?" That was enough invitation for the little girl. She bit into it willingly and ate it in a few seconds flat. "And boy, you were hungry." "Who are you?" "Why, my name is Lady Snoke, I don't suppose you've ever heard of me?" Rey had heard tales of monsters and witches that played with the dark side but she saw no such thing in front of her. "No," "Well, I guess that we can get off to a fresh start now, can't we?" The Lady rose from the ground, towering over the little girl. Her long slender fingers wrapped around another piece of fruit, as she plucked it from it's vine. She handed it to Rey and smiled. "You can call me, mother." But you aren't my mother. Rey thought to herself, however she decided not to voice this out loud, the woman had been so nice to her and disappointed her would have hurt Rey as well as her. "My mother died. Will you be my new mom?" Her dark red eyes softened. "Oh, yes my child. And I promise that everything will be fine between us as long as you follow my rules. Do you think you can do that?" "Yes," "Yes, what?" "Mother." Her smile was no longer as friendly as it seemed, when she looked back up upon the curved and dark path, the child next to her, her smile warped for just the tiniest of seconds. "Good child. Now, come with me. I wish to guide you in the ways of the Force." Monsters could shove pins and needles into people's brains, torture and rip their hearts out, and do so much worse. The only thing Ben envied about them was their lack of empathy. It was something he wished for when his uncle carted him off to be the Holy Planet Protector. To not care for the burning flesh and lost homes. After a while, he had gotten bored of it. The Jedi spilled the same rhetoric since they'd been formed. It was the stories of other people that had made him stay. The stories that brought together lives that he couldn't live. It was not until their one resting period that he heard a story that unnerved him. Ben had heard a story of a girl, not much younger than him, who used to be made of light. The planet of Abraxim told stories of her. They were stuck in a trench with a group of rogues trying to overthrow the Order. One night, a demon with the face of beautiful mistress plucked her out of her bed and corrupted her, cut out her heart and took her soul, forcing the poor girl to serve her. Some times Ben felt as if he could hear the screams of the girl, when he thought about her story. Those screams erupted into thoughts. A woman's voice in his head. It's what lead him to the path of being a Jedi no longer. She is grown now. Fed on delusions of grandeur . A good and loving mother who only punishes her when she truly deserves it. She locks herself in solitary confinement when she has failed her mother. Her master. But she knows that every wish her mother asks of her will not be possible to accomplish. Punishment came to help broaden the prospects that maybe she could complete those tasks after learning her lesson. This time she is told of a man, one she had only heard of in whispers and fairytales. Luke Skywalker has disappeared. "I want you to find me the map, and bring me to him. Do not let it fall in the hands of the Resistance." Her smile is intoxicatingly mischievous, but all the same kind. "Never. I will not let you down, Mother." "Go to Jakku, you will find a piece of the map that will impede the Rebels search for the Jedi." "Thank you mother," She bows, eager to prove herself and then leaves when dismissed. "Oh and Rey?" She calls from her throne. "Yes?" "Bring me his head, I think it would make a nice decoration." She laughed coldly and Rey smiled. "You will not be disappointed, Mother." Her Mother, Lady Snoke, will not be disappointed in her. She was sure of that. The First Order's most apt warrior. Her past no longer, nourished and shined up as Snoke's apprentice. A delusional and naive girl . Chapter 2 : Dementia Summary: "And so it begins...."-Ruelle Notes: I need therapy. Her mother was kind. Her mother loved her. She bought marionette dolls and toys of all nature when she excellled in her studies and in the Force. The more she pleased Mother, the better. Rey almost felt bad for the kids before her, too pathetic to please Mother, to endure her punishments. They ended up in the depths of the ship, their lips sewed shut so they wouldn't scream. It wasn't so bad though, when only she was left. Mother wouldn't do that to her, she had no doubt. Punishment was for people who deserved it, and when she did something wrong, she walked herself down to solitary confinement. Rey let herself to be forced into sensory deprivation chambers. Mother will not be mad when this is over. I will prove myself to her. Mother is happy now. Jakku was in flames, and she stood before an old man, who was supposed to be part of the Jedi Order. Most of the conversation she'd blocked out. It became quite obvious to her that he didn't have the map. But there was one remark that had gotten through. "You, as I understand, were not born in the darkness." She cocked her head to the side, and looked down on him. "So?" This disheveled old man didn't know anything. He was boring. "You do not need to follow this path," Least convincing argument she'd heard in a while. Rey got bored of it, like she did her toys when she was a kid. So she killed him. Ben hadn't planned on landing on a planet completely made of sand but his father seemed to have other plans, a vendetta. They were supposed to get the Millennium Falcon back. But practically, Ben would've been perfectly fine flying the freighter they were on instead of the piece of junk that lead them out to a godforsaken planet filled with outlaws and again, sand. He stayed close to the ship, ready to run after whatever messy confrontation his dad had with Unkar Plutt. A binary scream echoed across the sand dunes. Ben cocked his head, straining his eyes to see where the noise came from. On instinct, he started running. Events went by blurrily to Rey, she had a pilot taken prisoner and a droid escaped with the map, that was the most she remembered. But she supposed that was all that mattered as she entered Poe Dameron's cell. "I didn't know we had the Resistance's best pilot as our guest." Mother had taught her how to extract information from people's heads long ago. Now was her time to use it. To make it hurt. Poe Dameron looked like he was holding something back. "I would say I'm impressed, but... you guys kind of lack hospitality. The prisoners of the Rebellion have much nicer accommodations." "Have a problem, take it up with the person who runs the place." "Yeah... um... do you have their contact information?" Rey giggled. "If you don't mind me asking, what's so funny?" "You, of course, you're just... so funny. I know your stalling." She raised a gloved hand, forcing his head back onto the metal bars of his restraining chair. "It won't work with me." Maps were funny, elusive things, really. Rey didn't get the fuss in trying to find people who were most likely already dead. But every time she grew uncertain, she remembered the deaths she used to fantasize about every time she heard someone's screams. Those screams were to come back on the Jedi, three-fold. So she may be the one that has to enact such a come back. Poe Dameron had not been of much help in aiding her to be this comeback, but he did help her narrow her search. It's in a BB-8 unit that was still on Jakku the last she checked. There was no point in going back there. So she informed the General. Now she waited, Captain Phasma by her side. She must'nt disappoint mother. Phasma seemed to since her antsy-ness. "I will inform you of news with the droid. You should get some rest while you can," She paused and added, "You won't disappoint her by taking care of yourself." Rey nodded. One hour of sleep. Then finding the droid. Ben had seen the droid before, after he'd shooed a scavenger away and freed it from the net, he'd noticed it's resemblance to a droid that used to follow one of his friends around base all the time. "Sorry about that," He said, "Where do you come from?" ' I was with the Resistance,' It beeped. 'We were attacked by the First Order,' The thing already seemed to be warming up to him. "Oh?" He noticed it's antenna was bent and fixed it, "come this way, my father can probably help you." 'Han Solo?' "Yes, that's right." They had been leisurely strolling for a long while when the TIE fighters had come. Rey walked down a hallway that not many people - even the Admiral- had access too. The two walls to each side of her were made of glass, so she could see into them easily. The children left behind were down here. Mother often lead her down here to make sure that she knew what failure meant. It meant becoming something forgotten and unimportant, and Rey had learned to fear that the older she got. So she began walking down here herself, because that fear kept her going. The Forgotten Children were mostly adults now, like her, and they usually acted antsy when they saw her. The one that had beat them all. The ones with faces were unrecognizable to her now, but even though their lips were sealed and swollen from four year old wire, she could still recognize their emotions. They were oddly silent, as if they were waiting for something, and Rey could feel it too. A changing in the Force, perhaps. Like something dark and old and slow was waiting for her. “Calm down,” she told herself. “You'll kill the Jedi and get this over with,” Yes, darling. I am proud of you for thinking this way. Now make your way up, there is news of the droid. Han Solo had a talent for screwing shit up. Ben would know, after all he had the misfortune of being his son. They had ended up running away from the First Order with some guy that he'd never seen before and a droid. If that wasn't enough, they made a pit stop in Takodana. Ben shuttered. Bad memories. He had been able to ignore this much of their conversation, to be excluded from what starting to look very similar to the very thing he wanted to get away from with his uncle. "Come on, Ben. We don't have time for you to pout around in the background." "The droid escaped?" "There's some good news, Miss." "Oh? And what's that?" Mitaka was careful to make sure and speak quickly. Being suffocated to death was clearly not one of the things on his to do list. "He was spotted sneaking away with a Jedi, Ben Solo. They're currently located on Takodana." Maz's castle was... well.. the only way Ben could explain it was, loud. He had gotten away from the group yet again, going down a set of stairs he had never seen before. His chest felt heavy and something made him want to bolt. There was something coming. Something dark. It didn't help that he began to hear it again. The fairy tale. The one about the woman who tore out a girl's heart and made her her pet. He'd never been able to get it out of his head, and as he wondered into a room with many chests it seemed more prevalent than ever. There was something cold and familiar about this scene, he stood in the middle of a cold hallway. Looking forwards, there was a girl, she was shrouded in all black, including her face. “Hello?” She didn't answer. She only removed the shroud in front of her face. Her eyes were completely white. “Who’s there?” she asked. That's when the hallway began to crumble, and Ben was back on Ach-To. This wasn't… This must've been when he left. He turned to see a group of children, their lips sewn together, standing over bodies. There was a bloody scream, but before he could see what it was, everything dissipated. He woke up with a weapon he promised never to touch in his hands, and the sounds of TIE-fighters over head. Forests. Rey had always loved them. But now, it was too stressful to be here, that slow and creeping thing she had felt earlier was stronger now. She'd only been walking through the forest for several minutes, looking for the droid, the bottom half of her face shrouded with a cloth. Other than the eery sense that something big and bad might be around the corner, Rey was bored. By now she was so used to hearing people scream that it nearly put herself to sleep. The branches rustled through the air and a TIE-fighter flew over head. “Find the droid, find the Jedi.” she hissed to herself. “Where can I find a place to sleep?” Such childish thoughts are intolerable. Let me help you get set on the right track. Rey shook her head and saw a flash of white before seeing a stormtrooper fall to the ground. It was him. The Jedi. Chapter 3 : The Chase and The Catch Summary: A game of cat and mouse, turned a little more deadly. Rey had always felt like she was chasing a helpless rat on the base when she chased after someone. Maybe that was why she loved it so much, because she liked being the predator. This was different though. She had caught on to Ben Solo’s trail fairly easy, and deflected his shots with ease too. But the whole time she felt as if they were both running away from something. Focus . There was a little shred of disappointment in this, the ease in which she caught him. They ended up on a flat piece of earth, no place to run. He raised his blaster to shoot but Rey was quicker, immobilizing him in his spot. “You're the Jedi that I've heard so much about,” With a quick flick of her wrist, she disarmed him. “And I'm sorry, I've never heard of you.” The Jedi replied. “That's fine, I think we'll get well acquainted on the Finalizer.” Ben woke up in a cold room, on a chair with restraints. His head hurt and it took him a second to fully be aware of his surroundings. Then he saw the girl. She must've knocked him out. “Where am I?” The girl giggled. “You're my prize, Ben Solo.” She had convened with Mother before hand, pleased to see her gleaming white smile when she heard the news that she had already captured one of the Jedi. “May I play with him a little before he dies?” “Yes, honey. I think you've earned it.” Mother licked her lips as she thought of the taste of Jedi blood, and Rey was happy to have pleased her so. When she got back, he was still asleep. Rey couldn't help but stare at him. There was something about the way he slept that captivated her. Gently, his eyes fluttered open, and so it began. “I must be the worst prize you've ever gotten, then.” The girl giggled again. It was something heartless and shallow. “Well, we'll have to see about that, won't we?” The Jedi, Ben Solo, was good at deflecting. Good at sarcasm. But she still noticed the struggle and strain he put around his cuffs. He was scared. His thoughts only on escaping and if that meant killing her so be it. “You want to kill me? That's not very Jedi-like.” “It happens when you're captured by-” She removed the cloth around her face and stood up, smiling. The shock on his face… Rey wasn't sure if she should be flattered or not. “I'm sad to inform you that you and I don't have a very long time together, you're wanted after all. Have to kill you.” “I'm not a Jedi,” he said. “Oh?” “I stopped using the Force a long time ago,” this- she knew to be true. Mother had informed her of this herself. “Yes, such a pity.” Rey cracked her knuckles. “All that talent wasted,” “You don't need to kill me I'm not a Jedi,” “Yes, but you are in fact a Skywalker.” Ben Solo was getting more interesting to her by the minute. “And that means that Mother would love to have your head as a decoration,” When Rey was just starting out with Lady Snoke, she was among many other children. These children always fought over who she loved best, except Rey. She knew in her heart what the true answer was, and when her only friend, Bel, messed up, she brought her the young girl's head as consolation, and her thoughts were confirmed. Mother had and always would love her. As much as she loved the heads of dead people. “I'd rather not,” “Your opinion doesn't matter here,” Her voice was so soothing. It was clear that this girl was the girl he had heard about, and part of him felt sorry for her. For the fact she might've had a normal life before whoever this Mother was. “I need a small bit of information, before I kill you, though.” “Mm, what's that?” the girl grinned. “Where's your uncle?” He was silent for a minute, trying to find the words, and Rey knew it to. Ben Solo knew where his uncle was. “If I don't know what would you do?” “Decapitate you, I guess. It depends on your preferred way to die.” “I don't know, I've never had the pleasure of dying before.” the girl shrugged. “If it helps I heard choking is rather unpleasant,” then she paused and giggled once more. “Unless you're into that, then I would be happy to oblige.” Ben's face reddened, in spite of himself. “I know you have his location,” “Maybe I do, maybe I don't.” “This would be a lot easier for you if you cooperated,” “Why? Couldn't you just torture the answer out of me?” His head was pushed back into the chair and Ben knew she was in his head. All of his memories, all of them . They began coming back into the front of his mind like a flood, but Rey stood strong. “So sad when you were younger, so lonely. Desperate to sleep at night,” By the time Ben was ten years old the first time he had considered committing suicide. He sat alone in his bedroom, as usual, and tried to meditate. Tried to stay calm. His head got the better of him that day. It hurt, trying to keep his own, and he was losing badly too. Then something happened. She stopped. Something else interested her and she turned a way she wasn't supposed to. Something else interested her and she turned a way she wasn't supposed to. That pause was enough for him. He was rusty, yes, but he still got into her head. She had only really disappointed Mother once, and it was for good reason. Rey was still so young, that she was still slightly afraid of screaming, afraid of watching the life sucked out of people. Her job was so simple. Kill a stormtrooper who had disobeyed her. She couldn’t do it. As Rey’s punishment, she had been put in solitary for twelve weeks. Rey had torn the room apart and blown the doors off their hinges by week eight, Mother had told her she had no intent of keeping her there for the whole time, but she knew that she was ready. Rey stumbled backwards, pushing her out of his mind, been in result, he had mirrored her movements. “You,” “What, can’t stand opposition?” She managed to twist her emotions from anger to amusement. “No, I’m just glad… I’ll get to play with you longer than I thought I would have to.” She exited the room and Ben could feel his restraints tighten around him. He would’ve been calmer in this situation if he hadn’t felt like he was being watched. Something evil was lying around, waiting for him in the shadows. It felt slow and heavy, hiding a strong power in The Force that he had never felt before. “I left for a reason,” Ben hated this. He hated the fact that he was forced to be involved again, but that thing that waiting for him... In a sense, he felt that this girl had felt it to. The stories they told about this woman tearing out the girl’s heart… there was a chance it may have been her. None of this worked. Best option, wait for someone to check in on him, get them to remove the restraints and leave then. Rey wanted to let him sweat in his room for a while. She felt slightly sour that he had even managed a look into her mind. “How are things with the prisoner?” Phasma had appeared out of nowhere and Rey nearly jumped. “Oh, him.” “Not so well?” They walked into an empty corridor and the Captain took off her mask. “What's wrong?” Rey paused. The Captain had always managed to do this. Be cruel to the brainwashed saps that followed the Order. Then when it came to her there was a different level of respect formed between them. She wasn't sure what to make of it. “Are you going to tell me?” Rey shook her head no and Phasma sighed. “I'm going back to my post, I've seen you crack harder games, you can do this.” The Lady grows thirsty for the taste of Jedi blood, and the thirstier she grows, the more impatient she gets. Chapter 4 : A Single, Defining Trick Summary: Trickery. It can unearth anything. “Four puppets makes her whole, To Fill the hole, Now there is only one, And her magic will come undone…” Rey knew that cracking him the traditional way wouldn’t work. It had taken her all of five seconds to figure out that Ben Solo was special. Like her in a way. That made her feel a little special too. So she sat down before a sleeping Ben Solo for a second time, and stepped into his mind, but she was careful not to wake him up. She was fascinated by his mind, and the way it had a similar layout to hers. It had been a long time since she’d felt truly safe, not in this way. The Sith cleared her head. Focus on the mission at task, not the memories or his dreams. Rey ran ahead, following the paths of a wooded area to his most recent memories. There she found him. Ben woke up to a partially empty cell, the door was open and Rey was holding it. His restraints were no longer there. “Come on, get up. You’re free to go.” “What?” “You’re free to go, Mother told me to escort you out.” This didn’t feel real, but Ben got up anyway. Rey grabbed his sleeve and twisted, having him follow her lead. “I have to say… I was a little disappointed when we found another copy of the map. No use for keeping you.” “Thanks, I’m flattered.” “Yeah, you see… you realize what escort you out means, right?” “Let me guess, death. It seems like a better alternative to rotting behind bars if you ask me.” “I didn’t. But it’s good to know where you stand on the subject.” She pushed him out into a snowy wood and he heard the sound of her lightsaber igniting. The heat of the red blade nearly singed his clothes. “Unless you answer a question,” “What do you want to know?” Ben Solo had never feared the threat of death until now, there was something that he had to finish that he hadn’t yet. This would cut into that. He could use the Force to get out of it. Ben had sworn that off though. “Where did you decide that you wanted to give up the Force?” “Ach-To, why?” Suddenly his muscles turned cold. “This is a dream isn't it?” He turned and Rey giggled. “Gotcha’,” The woods deteriorated, and their surroundings were turned black. “Damn it,” Rey was centimeters from Ben's face when he woke up. Her eyes twinkled. "You have to admit that was a good trick." Ben's head hurt, and he felt out of breath. “Come on, it was good. I got the location and we got to play. Both of us win.” That deep dark thing was back. Except this time Ben noticed that Rey had tensed too as he sensed it. “Why the sudden change of heart?” Ben had been missing for a day now. Han Solo and Finn had been planning to get him back. Everyone wanted to pitch in, to help bring the prodigal son of Leia Organa and Han Solo home, and Han almost thought it was funny the way people wanted to pitch in to find him. Despite the fact that no one on the base had ever wanted to get to know him. Helps if you're a war hero. Then they'll want to help you. Then they want to do anything to help your son. “Why the sudden generous offer?” He asked again. She had paused. Then seemed to forget the question. “You said you're not a Jedi, and it's clear by how rusty you are you haven't used the force in a while, why kill you? There's no fun in that.” She giggled. “But I can't guarantee anything. Mother is… unpredictable at times but if I disobey her…” Rey's eyes watered for a second and Ben immediately knew one thing. He didn't hate this girl. “Just stay here, and don't try to escape. That'll get you killed really fast.” She walked out. This time the door was left open, and Ben could see the guard outside. She had come in thinking she would let her have this. That for once, she could have someone to talk except the walls in her chambers. He could be comfortable here. Rey had entered his mind and had related to his thoughts. A fatal mistake, as she learned. "I want his head, no exceptions. Chop it, clean off!" "-Mother he isn't even a Jedi!" Rey dropped to her knees as the room began to spin. A warning. "Watch your tone with me, little one." "I didn't mean it. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Please forgive me." Just when spots started forming in front of her eyes, the Lady had released her from the hold, letting her stand up again. "Let me make this clear, child. His blood is the blood of none other than Luke Skywalker, I don't care that he suddenly decided to give you the location of where the Jedi would be headed, his kind needs to be eradicated." Rey stared into Snoke's hypnotic red eyes, and she felt one thought consume her, kill Ben Solo. Her gold eyes glinted and she kneeled. "Yes, mother." Ben had found his father on the other end of the corridor he'd escaped from. "Ben!" "We need to go, now if we're going to do this." Finn said. "What?" "We're going to destroy the base, come on." Rey had stalled coming back to Ben's cell, every second delayed was her small rebellion as she fought the desire she knew she didn't really want. When she did get to his cell, she found his chair empty. "No," He escaped. "No!" she shrieked. Her chest rose and fell faster and faster- finally she ignited her saber, shredding the wall closest to her. Find him. Kill him. Kill him. Kill him. Kill him. Kill Him. If she didn't he was going to get them both killed. Chapter 5 : Wreak Havoc Summary: "They call me a menace, they say that I'm cursed, but something about me is making them jealous so listen and learn..."- Wreak Havoc, Skylar Grey Notes: Holy shit okay this is gonna be a nice one "I am the girl that can walk passed Jedi without being seen, I am the girl who can rip out your spleen, Who am I?" The kids sang. Rey was feared among humans and non-humans alike. There was no discrimination in their fear for the woman who could make an army fall with one look. "You're not clever, Ben." she had tracked him down easily. He would destroy the ship. She hadn't known she also found his dad. In fact, there was a lot she hadn't known and hadn't paid attention to. Rey flung Han Solo aside, got shot by a Wookie, and kept chasing Ben. "For all that I am and all that you are, she is ten times more, do not cross her, for she has a kill rate of one hundred percent. Once her master has her set on a kill, she gets the job done." Rey was only twelve when she killed twenty nine Jedi. Not because she was acting in self defense, but because she needed to know she could. That day she had made a name for herself. That day people began to fear her. She could feel his heart beat, she waited for him in the woods, and again she felt like a predator waiting for her prey. This time Rey was bleeding out, the wound from the bowcaster took more out of her than she thought. Such an emotional reaction , she thought, I didn't even kill the guy. Gravity might've done that. There was a chance that Han Solo was still alive- but at the moment that wasn't her problem. Ben was. "She's obsessive, the child will never be redeemed." "We have to try," said the young padawan girl. She had infiltrated the base to find Rey. Rey tore her in half. The Light was blinding, the snow refracting it and the slightest thing that wasn't black hurt Rey's eyes. She disguised herself when she heard Ben and his friend running through the woods, smiling to herself and having to refrain from giggling. The two of them stopped. Looking around because they sensed something. That's because they didn't know the true power of the dark side. She flung Ben's friend into a tree near by, watching Ben panick a little. "Finn!" he cried. Oops. "Sight does not mean you are not ignorant," A man once told her. "Look around the place. Look at the destruction you have brought to this planet," A man had told her. "You have to be somewhat ignorant of life to be able to do his." "I don't like killing," Rey had said. "You had slaves, and I did them a favor. They repaid me afterwards by destroying your planet when you disobeyed the Order. It's not my fault the troopers shot them as well as your people." "You... monster." "Thank you for your kind compliment, I'm afraid you have to die now." He was carrying Skywalker's lightsaber. Anger overwhelmed Rey for a slight moment and electricity crackled from her fingertips, setting a section of the forest on fire, Ben jumped and moved so his back faced her. She dug her heel into the small of his back and pushed him into the ground. "Boo!" To make this a fair fight, she revealed herself to him. "You left," "You don't have to do this, Rey." "Please don't give me that bullshit. You left, so I'm kind of obligated to now." she ignited her lightsaber and swung violently at him. Ben just barely avoided being decapitated. He did not fight back. Rey swung again, and this time he ignited his lightsaber. A block. Nothing more. So he was putting her on the offensive. Fine. It was still so frustrating... "Fight back." "No," She hissed and changed footing. Momentarily turning her back to him and ending up behind him. If Ben was going to die, she wanted him to have a somewhat honorable death. So why wouldn't he just fight her back. Their lightsaber's locked, and despite Ben's clear height advantage, Rey was on top. "There is a clear way to win this situation, yet you're irrational fear of utilizing it will cost you your head." He pushed her back, and she ran at him again, forcing him further into the forest. The base's infrastructure began to deteriorate. The back and forth lasted a little while, going in circles, Ben barely even working to defend himself and Rey trying more and more to get some sort of fight out of him before she had to kill him. The base was falling around them and trees fell. Out of the corner of her eye, she could see the Millennium Falcon land a ways a way. Damn it. Ben began running. Stopping when a four trees fell in front of him. Blocking the way. "It's just you and me," The last straw. Ben finally acted first, holding his lightsaber up, waiting for her. He was still kind on her. Every hit could have been a lot harder, but they came faster each time as he copied her moves. She still managed it- but as their roles switched Rey began to regret it. Getting the upperhand one last time. They were on the edge of a rift, Ben was close to falling in, she was close to victory. "You could be so much better," she said. In spite herself, there was a pang of sadness in her chest as she contemplated killing him. And just how much blood Mother was out for. In the rift, she felt something slow and dark building inside of her, watching her and surrounding her. Ben knocked Rey backwards, her lightsaber flew from her grasp, hurtling itself into the rift a few feet behind Ben. Ben surged forwards, turning off his lightsaber and shifting his footing to slam his shoulder into her side, she fell and the ground crumbled between them. The last she saw of Ben was him looking back at her before running away. Ben couldn't get her voice out of his head. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. He had carried Finn back to the ship until Chewie picked him up, and went to the cockpit to find his father. "Come on, we need to get going." Ben said nothing. Just sat down in the copilot seat and let his dad take the reigns. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. She's going to kill me. His heart broke the more he heard. Perhaps if they had gone back. Her voice stopped, and he felt his chest seize right before he blacked out. "Ben- Ben !" "Let me out !" It had been pitch black in Rey's cell for ten days and counting. Her mind was delirious from blood loss and lack of food and she tired easily. This was her one hundred and eigth time trying to persuade Mother that she would find Ben and Luke and kill them out. How pathetic, she was. Reduced to the likes of a frightened child. Twelve days. She had found a rat and she'd charred it used the force, skinning it's fur and eating it. Thirteen days and the door opened, Rey shielded her eyes from the harsh light of the Finalizer and was grabbed by a couple of stormtroopers. She was dragged through the hall as she saw thousands of stormtroopers redirecting the forgotten ones into cells of their own from behind a glass pane, they took her to a place she didn't know and she quivered. Knowing her Mother was before her. She is not the warrior she used to be, with the confidence of her mother lost, people can sigh and know that Rey will not terrorize the galaxies in this state. "You have disappointed me, sorely." Mother said. "You let Ben Solo go," Rey said nothing in return, her body overcome with sobs. Mother tapped her fingers against her dusty throne. The noise echoing throughout the hall. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. "Mother, I-" "Don't try, you insolent child." Slowly, this beautiful woman grew in size, her neck elongating and her cheeks hollowing, her fingers looking more like bones. Her punishment was coming. "I will make this brief, and if you can walk away from this without showing you're weak... I may consider keeping you." A bright light flashed in front of her, burning her skin, and her eyes. Mother didn't laugh. She was silent. Watching Rey scream in agony as she clawed at her eyes. She couldn't see. Finally the pain died down a small bit and she could stand, she walked away from her Mother, trying to bite back tears. She couldn't see. Her chest rose and fall heavily as she got out into the hallways of the Finalizer. No one was there to help her. Mother would want her to prove herself. This is just punishment. Mother loved her. "Rey?" She heard Phasma's voice and jerked around, trying to find her. The Captain put her hand on the small of her back. "We need to get you out of here," "What?" "She wanted you with the others. I got here before anyone else." "You're lying, Mother would never..." "Kid, tell that to every single kid who came before you." Rey passed out. The first thing Ben said when he woke up was, "Turn around!" "What?" "Take me to Uncle Luke," Chapter 6 : Dreaming Something Dark Summary: "One life with one dream on repeat.."-Mowgli's Road, Marina and The Diamonds Ben woke up in a hut, his head hurt and he felt like he could barely move. "Rest," Luke was above him, but only for a moment, pressing a cold compress to his head, then turning to his mother and father. "We need to talk outside," If you were quiet, you could hear it. The Force was something that Rey always seemed to excel at. She studied the Eternal Empire and the days of the old Republic and she learned to bend things in her will, this of course came at a cost, it was always in increments. Mother siphoned power off of her and controlled her every thought. She had wronged Mother. She deserved to die. He remembered all of it. He was off to the side, but he could hear her screams in the solitary room. Of course, as one who had never had a home, and was so desperate for approval, she let this happen. It destroyed her chances of redemption . Corrupted her legacy. "Where are we?" "In space," "Thanks for the detail," "Just don't blow up the ship, okay? I heard your suicidal sleep mumbling and want you to know that I can't survive in the oxygen-less space vacuum, and would like to live, at least for a little while longer." "I hope Mother slits your throat," "Nice, thanks. That's the thanks I needed for saving your life." "Mother wouldn't hurt me," He saw her injuries. They should've killed her. "Are you feeling better?" This was usually the way his conversations with his uncle started. The only time they talked was whenever Ben had been injured in some way or another. Sight is not a lack of ignorance. The Blind can have things revealed to them that the seeing cannot. She couldn't see. She was useless. She deserved to die. "Fine," Ben winced as he got up. Rey's hits had still left a mark on him. "Now where's my father, I want to go." "I decided it was best to send them both away." "What?" "We need to talk," Rey's lightsaber was a thing that terrorized moe primitive nations, killed leaders, and poisoned the thoughts of people on many different planets since the age of twelve. She was proud. Her Mother was surprised, the first time she came back from a battle, carrying a vat of ashes. Rey had a feeling she expected her to die. The twisted smile on her face told her that this was acceptable too. "What is it?" "I made a mistake," "That wouldn't be the first time," Rey woke up with a jolt when she realized that they had landed. Slightly panicking when she opened her eyes and was unable to see. Then all of the memories from the past few days came flooding back at once and she felt a terrible pain, right behind her eyes. It took everything for her to keep from crying. "Where are we?" "You'll find that out soon," she felt Phasma's hand on her back as she lead her down to the ground. "And you'll thank me later," "If you were my friend you would've let me die," "That's not what friends do, Rey." She could hear Phasma walking away, and for the first time in a while, she was afraid. She couldn't see anything and there was no one there to help. She was alone. She was alone. Her lungs felt like they were being constricted by leather bindings. Lightning split through the sky, and Ben was the first one out of Luke's hut. He could see her. He could feel her. Something was wrong. Another bolt split the sky. Something was very wrong . Chapter 7 : Wounded Summary: "We are what we are..."-Youth Knows No Pain, Lykke Li If she didn’t stop, she could destroy the whole island. A bolt of lightning struck closer, and Ben moved down the steps to get to her. The closer he got, the more he realized the way she was moving, trying to figure out her surroundings. A bolt of lightning struck right behind him and the next thing he remembered, he was on the ground. Rey hadn’t seen him yet, so he had an advantage. She was hurt and confused. Despite himself, he wanted to help. Useless. A voice in her mind laughed, I take one thing from you and you’re useless. You deserve to die. If you want to prove yourself to me, you will come back, and let me dispose of you. She was so tired. My chosen child, you will pay for this. I want to pay for this. I want to die. Rey was jarred back to reality when she felt it. Something was ahead of her, and behind her, it’s limbs vast and eternal, the being was dark and slow and she could feel it being corrupted into something it was never meant to be. “REY!” Twelve o’clock, Rey jabbed her elbow backwards and hit someone’s chest. She heard an ‘oof’ and she kept moving. It was him. The man that caused this. His arm came at her and she blocked it, futily kicking at his leg. He tripped her. He won again. “Calm down,” “Get away from me,” Phasma sent her to him. She betrayed her. “I’m trying to help, you’re hurt.” Rey felt around her, felt the rocks beneath her and using the force, it shattered into shrapnel, exploding in the general vicinity of Ben’s voice. “You did this! She doesn’t want-” The pounding behind her head slowed, and she could feel her eyes begin to shut. “Stop it! I thought you didn’t want to use the Force,” “I really don’t,” he sighed, “but you’re hurt.” Ben picked up a very unconscious Rey, and carried her up the steps in his arms. Luke was waiting at the top. "Thanks for the help," "You're bleeding," "She hit me with a very sharp rock," His uncle took one look at the fresh scar that traveled across the top of her brow to the bottom of her left eye. "She's blind," "She got lucky, but she needs help." "Is this the one that nearly killed you?" She was in a well, scaling up the walls, she could feel them, the bricks inbetween her fingers, and the strain in her muscles as she pulled herself up let her know where she was. Beneath her, a laughing voice, that sounded much like Mother's. "I'm getting hungry, Rey. You shall be my next meal." Rey woke up with a coarse rope binding her hands together. She could feel blankets underneath her, and something cold on her forehead. She couldn't move. "I would advise you to stay calm," A voice said. Not Ben's. The only reasonable thing to do that crossed her head was to stay silent. Find out this person's motives, and then figure out how she was going to get back to Mother. "You may have been accustomed to using the dark side of the Force to get through your daily life, but here, while I take care of you, you will not. Do you understand ?" She didn't move. No promise was made. "I will take that as a yes," "You're Luke Skywalker, aren't you?" "Yes," "I will kill you and redeem myself," she whispered. "I think you'll find that hard to do," Ben. Her head snapped forward as she followed his voice. "Considering the fact that he's gone against Darth Vader, Palpatine, Lumiya, and won most of those battles... I mean... don't get me wrong, I've fantasized doing that too. It won't end up well for you," "Save your insulting me for later, please Ben, and let us deal with the issues at hand?" She was so tired. At some point in their bickering, she fell asleep. The walls were burning. She was going to die. Yet, part of her wasn't ready. Ben watched her sleep. He had yelled at Luke, which meant he wasn't going to get sleep for the next few days, his stomach dropped a little when she squirmed, emitting small cries. He didn't want to feel bad for her, watching her squirm on the blanket matt he'd made for her, he couldn't help but feel sorry for her. The isolation. That wasn't anything normal for someone to feel. They both felt it. The overpowering feeling of knowing in your heart that people don't want you, she didn't deserve it. "I can feel your eyes on me," Rey hissed. "Just want to make sure you don't do something stupid," "So am I your prisoner now?" "No, I just... you kind of want to kill us." "I get it. It's fine." "Right," "Now, you will release me of these bonds and tie up your uncle instead." For a split second, he felt the urge to do as she said, to please her. But Ben cleared his head. Don't do what she says, it'll get you killed. Phasma was surprised she was even alive, when they dragged her to Lady Snoke, she was sure death was eminent. "Where did you take her?" No answer. "I can make this very painful for you, you can easily be replaced." Her skin had tightened around her face and she had seemed to have gotten taller, her hair more stringy and dead. "With all due respect, Lady Snoke, bite me." "That's not going to work," "It amazes me how a man so strong in the Force practically refuses to use it." "That's none of your business," "You have me trapped here! My business is whatever I say it is!" "We kind of have no choice, you were hurt so we helped you, and we had to tie you up because we knew you were going to try and kill us." After Ben had refused to do as Rey had said, she pouted, and fell asleep yet again. Leaving him to wonder, why was he doing this? She muttered something under her breath. "Huh?" "I said, if you wanted to help me you would go and die. Or better yet, kill me." "I don't kill unarmed people," "I'm armed with the Force, Mister Morals, that should be enough." With that, she turned curtly and wrapped a blanket around her. "I guess the conversation is over," Prison cells in Star Killer soon became home to Phasma, as she was demoted from her titles and hard work and stuck with a dying old man from the Rebellion and cast aside. The cell had eight sides, much like her room. Much like Rey's room. She remembered the details quite well. She could only hope that after she got help, Rey could too. Hope. She'd never felt herself needing it. But irrationally, after Phasma saved Rey, she felt she needed it more. Chapter 8 : Progress Summary: "Rey is struggling with something far beyond comprehension, and while I will try and help her, you must be ready for the fact that this girl may not want to redeem herself." Notes: This was written to Kylo's theme and Rey's theme played back to back. Rey hadn't moved or eaten in days, she hadn't allowed her bandage to be removed or replaced and hadn't spoken, but Ben could tell every time he did something that bugged her, she clenched her fists and the air became tight, like invisible hands were about to choke him and Luke at any minute. "She's going to starve herself if she keeps this up," There was nothing funny about this to Ben. When he had first met her she had already looked underfed, it was getting worse. Rey never spoke to him. She never slept. Even though he tried to help her. One day when Luke was out getting water, and Ben was getting restless, he said something. "Do you want to die?" Her ears perked up for a second, before laying her head back down on her blanket. "I'm trying to help you, because I feel sorry for you, and yet you're refusing all of it. If you keep doing this- you're going to waste away," "I don't need your pity, I have enough of my own to last me after death." She rasped. "She speaks!" He rolled his eyes, and part of him hoped she somehow sensed him doing this. "Listen, I had a dream. I saw what happened to you. I want to help, but if you don't pick yourself off that blanket and let you, I can't." Rey never responded. It was getting easier to float in and out of sleep. Rey had been up for days, but as the lack of food was starting to make her drowsy, she could get to sleep faster. No one bothered her and she liked it. The feeling of almost dying. The euphoria of knowing that her punishment would almost be over and Mother would never be upset with her again fueled her. When she dreamed, she began to feel things beneath the surface of her fingers that were very palpable. Sharp knives and metal fingertips. They always carried her to the same place. She could feel a creature that was way darker than anything she had ever seen or felt waiting for her, and heard Mother's voice. She was speaking of plans for moving forwards without her. They were always muffled. It didn't concern her until she heard Phasma's name one day and felt an immediate sense of guilt was over her like waves that crashed against a shore. She wouldn't want this. When Rey woke she couldn't help but feel a revolting tug in her stomach. "Ben?" No response. "Luke?" Again, there was no response. Had they just up and left her here? The girl almost wanted to laugh. There was no one here. She was alone. She was alone. " I'm alone, lone, lone, alone." The bandage on her head itched and so did the ropes that rubbed against her skin. Those were the easiest to get out of. The first bonds Rey had learned how to slip as a child had been First Order regulated handcuffs, ropes had been beneath her. So it gave her no amusement when she easily flicked her wrist and let the fraying ropes fall to the ground. For the first time since the injury, Rey closed her eyes and let herself feel the force flow her. In a way, it was almost as if she could see again. She made out the outlines of objects and walked easily past them. I have a story to tell you, my child. Mother. Listen carefully. She heard someone move and remembered the steps to shadowing herself from Force-Sensitives. There once was an ungrateful little brat from a planet far far away. Something metal tapped her shoulder ever so slightly and she stiffened. However, she wasn't always this way. She made the perfect warrior. Motivated to do whatever she was told, until one day she met an idiotic loaf, related to the Skywalker line of blood. The ungrateful little brat let what was in her pants think for her head, and the idiotic oaf got away. I was hardly thinking with my pants. Rey could hear Ben just across the way, complaining to his uncle. Her mother had to punish her for such nonsense. Was that the end of the perfect warrior? Or would she somehow live on? Get out of my head. Oh, so testy. She wouldn't even let her mother finish entertaining her. Rey could feel her chest starting to constrict. The cliffs of island were becoming ever enticing. What can I do to come back, to redeem myself? Jump. Something big and dark was hanging over him, a prowling creature that loved to taunt and manipulate, he had felt it intervene more as he argued, and he knew this was what the future would behold. Ben hadn’t gone near Rey for the past few hours, it wasn’t her fault, something of the Lady Snoke’s presence still resided on her. He could feel it. “Have you checked on Rey?” This whole time Luke had been busy meditating and asking dead people for guidance and Ben just stood around and moped. It had been a long time since he had been around the Force and he didn’t want to accept again. Once he got back to the hut, he panicked. Their were frayed ropes near her bed and she was nowhere to be seen. "Luke! She's missing!" That's when he heard it. The unmistakable sound of someone hitting water. Drowning wasn't so bad, if it was for a good reason. Rey had always wondered what it had felt like to properly drown, and when she felt her consciousness slipping away from her, she had to say that it was a little too familiar to her. Suffocation was something she'd gotten used to. So much that when she let the water drag her deeper and deeper, it became like a blanket. She could hear voices when she began to listen close enough. Old voices that she'd never heard before, and younger ones, ones that might've been on the ship with her when she was a small child. "These are your first steps, Rey. In doing this, you will not be successful." "Please don't throw yourself away like this, she convinced me to do the same, I regret it everyday." "Drowning isn't pleasant to recover from," "REY!" She felt a hand grab her waist and begin to swim upwards. No. He wouldn't just let her have this one thing. She blacked out before they reached the surface. In such darkness, a monster waited for her, skeleton like hands clasping her shoulders. Leading her towards the death she wanted and deserved, but all the sudden it let go. Rey stayed in this weird equilibrium between death and life, and in it she could hear voices from both sides. She didn't want it. Not any of this. "Mother?" She called. "Mother? I understand. Please, take me back. I would die for you." There was no answer. The living got louder, their whispers turning to screams and shouts. Begging her to come back, to feel the light. Not any of this. No. Rey could feel blankets on her and she coughed. The voices were gone, and she was back in the hut. This time there were no bonds that tied her, just tired eyes resting on her body as she coughed and spluttered and turned over. "Why'd you do it?" He asked. She didn't answer. Ben Solo didn't have the right to a question like that. "Fine, don't answer. But now you're going to have to do what I say." She could smell soup in front of her, and for the first time in a while, she ate. When the door opened to Phasma's cell, she was met with four prisoners and a shiv. It could have been the end of her if she'd been asleep, but she was awake and scrambled to her feet. "So, tell me something about yourself?" "Huh?" Rey cocked her head to the side and Ben wanted to laugh. Swaddled in blankets, she was adorable. Then he remembered who she was. Everything she's done. Not so adorable now. "Tell me something about yourself, you know... because we're going to be spending a lot of time together, so we might as well get to know each other." She didn't speak. "Look, I just don't want it to be like this..." He could've sworn, that she was looking right at him, staring holes through him. But of course, she may have been just staring in his general vicinity. "Did you have any hobbies? That didn't involve killing people?" "I read. I s- no, never mind." "Okay, um... so you like books? Stories?" She almost smiled. Nodded. It was the happiest Ben had ever actually seen her. "Friends?" She was about to say no again when she stopped herself. "She's probably dead," Phasma felt a pang in her shoulder as a prisoner stabbed her. "Kriff!" Great, now she was using Rey's words. She kicked one of the alien prisoner's into a corner and grabbed the other by her neck, twisting as hard as she could until she heard a satisfying snap. All of the sudden her leg felt like it was on fire. This fight was going downhill fast. "What was her name ?" "What?" "Her name?" "Captain Phasma," He had heard of the Captain before. She'd never seemed like the type that would be anyone's friend, but then again, neither did Rey. "She smuggled me offship and got me here," her face turned sour, "and I was just so awful to her." Her consciousness was giving way, vision tunneling, Phasma had already accepted death. She just had hoped it would come sooner. Rey could feel the Force like a whip inbetween her hands. With an irrational burst of anger, she unleashed it, and felt it barrel towards her destination. "Maybe she's alive," "Once I find out who killed her, they'll regret it." Hush now child, you're thinking for yourself, I don't like that. Ben watched Rey's chest constricted as she began to cough, blood spilling down on her chin. The prisoners dropped dead at Phasma's feet, and when they did, she couldn't help but smile. There was no doubt in her mind that Rey did this. She could bleed out knowing her friend was alive and she cared. Rey deserved this. There was no doubt in that. Chapter 9 : A Step, A Fall Summary: "If I break the glass then I'll have to fly, theirs no one to catch me if I take a dive, the world is spinning, but only in grey...." Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When Rey had woken up, it was like someone rewound her back to the way she was right before she and Ben had their conversation. She wouldn't talk. She ate little, and it infuriated Ben. The days grew longer and the insufferable voice in her head telling her to kill Ben Solo and Luke Skywalker. They were giving her food. Helping her. She wasn't going to do that. "You're more than this, you need to eat, please." The more time she spent with Ben, the more she resented him and his heart, any rational person would have left her to die. Yet at the same time, he was too close, and it scared her. "Why do you care?" He never answered. One day, after the voices were particularly bad and the Force seemed to pushing down on her chest, she heard Ben and Luke talking outside of the hut rather loudly. "What am I supposed to do? She's going to die from isolating herself like that." "That sounds familiar, does it not?" "This isn't about me, it's about Rey." "Correct me if I'm wrong, but when you were eighteen, your mother said the same exact thing about you, after you saw that supposed vision-" "-Don't talk about her, she abandoned me." "You're trying to fix Rey like Leia tried with you. It seemed to make your reckless tendencies a lot worse if I remember correctly. And then she backed off. You went off with your father and whilst I don't agree with your desicion not to use the Force, you dealt with your problems quite well. You see yourself in Rey and you wish to fix the disrepair that Lady Snoke has left her in, am I not right?" Ben was silent. "Leave her alone, that is the best advice I can give you. She needs to learn to care about her own wellbeing." Ben went into the hut without saying anything to Rey, who seemed to be trying to locate him without any luck. She still didn't speak, but she actually got up, nearly bumping into Luke's cot. Once she was standing, she stretched, and for the first time looked slightly alive. It took another full minute for her to finally speak, and once she did, it was the most insignificant and benign thing. "My bandage is irritating me," she said, shifting on her feet, "Can you help me change?" "Yeah, of course." He grabbed the bandages from a shelf above the fireplace and sat her down. Once again she relaxed at his touch as he unfastened her previous bandage. The scar that crossed from the top of her right eye to the corner of her left eye was a lot less red than it had been just a day ago. He dressed her wounds and then step back. Letting her figure it out. This happened for a few days. He didn't ask her to eat, she did that whenever Luke made something, and her thin frame gained some weight again. "I'm going on a walk," It was his excuse for getting away from Luke, and usually Rey wouldn't care, but today she joined him. Silently grabbing his sleeve and letting him lead the way. They didn't talk, Ben grabbed her hand and every once and a while would tell her to step down or watch out for a rock. It was nice. She felt the wind against her face and she smelled salt water. After that they didn't talk. Rey ate. She went to bed. She walked with Ben. It was her daily routine, and that was okay. The voices quieted down and for once she seemed to be inbetween this state of depression and normality. Today, she and Ben sat by the pier she tried to jump off of a few weeks ago silently before Ben finally said something. "What's it like?" "What?" "The dark side, what's it like?" Rey was silent. "You don't have to answer, it's just... all I've heard about the dark side is what Jedis think of it. That's all." "Then you've probably heard a bunch of lies," Rey picked at a piece of grass next to her. "The dark side is about power, and it's not always what the Jedi believe it's about. It's not always about corruption. It's not always about greed. It's not always about anger. When I was under... um... I thought I was doing the right thing. Pleasing my master and all that. I was happy. I had short outbursts and all but... I was happy." "I don't think she brang you happiness," "She provided me a home," "Home is a place where you feel safe. Did you feel safe there?" Silence. "Listen, we don't have to talk about this." "You haven't told me much about yourself," "Well what do you want to know?" She paused, yet again. This time it seemed like she was really considering it. "Will you answer any of my questions?" "Yes," "What was it like- giving up the force?" Ben remembered the last time he used the force all too well, and he didn't want to feel like that, not ever again. He remembered the body count that had arisen because of him, and he couldn't bare to think of it again. "Like I was severing a part of me," "I think that if you want me to cooperate, you need to find that part of you again." That stung. Rey had known that it would too, because of the smug look on her face when his heart sank, part of him felt as if she had known it too. "This isn't about me." "It's about the both of us, Ben. You're being stupid enough to see something more than what I am in me, and expecting everything from me that I don't have. I guess that I should expect the same from you." "That doesn't makes sense," "If you want to help, help yourself. Don't help me." She wouldn't talk any more after this, laying down on her palette of blankets again. "I don't need help, okay? That's all you." Ben kicked over a pot, hearing it crack on the ground, and walked out. Nothing could get to her. Ben hissed and was about to go out of the room when he felt an invisible barrier knocking him back. It was practically suffocating him. "You think I need help? You need to learn that I do not need fixing, if I want to die, I will die. It is not your choice to try and change my mind and better me in that way, and you should feel stupid for even trying to do so. I am my own person, Ben Solo. I may be damaged and I may be trying to figure out how the Force somehow lead me here, and how to reconcile for the fact that everything I knew was apparently false, but that gives you no place to try and come in to my life thinking that you can suck the dark side out of me by caring! I certainly would like to see you sucked into a black hole after the events of the last few weeks and your incessant nagging, but seeing as I’m blind, I’ll have to settle for telling you to shut up and solve your own problems.” Notes: And with that, I cut it off, because I am a piece of shit. Chapter 10 : Flesh And Blood Summary: "You are flesh and blood, you deserve to be here amongst the living..."-Third Eye, Florence + The Machine @hothmess, here's your first Christmas present. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey felt like a box was closing in on her, on her frail body, she could hear the voices of dead talking to her, telling her that she needed to accept a helping hand. The choice was more frightening than drowning itself. She picked herself up. Tears rolling down her face. She heard a breath catch that was not her own, but no one followed as she walked blindly through the field. "Lead me," she said to herself, to the Force, for once they are one again. But it's almost too much. She can feel it too much. A voice that sounds so familiar whispers something unintelligible, and the tears kept rolling, she wasn’t used to this. Usually her feelings were quieted with the help of Mother, and the Force didn’t choke her like this. “Why won’t you let me die?” She said to no one in particular. Her fingers outstretched as she felt the Force parting for her, guiding her forward. Rain began to fall. One thing that Rey had learned about the Force was that it acted like a guardian, no matter how you used it. It had always seemed to shelter her, as it did now, guiding her, even though she did not wish to accept any help. “I want to die,” Not your time. “You may follow her Ben, but the Force is speaking with her. Do not intervene.” “You have a funny way of showing it, you know? You made me useless. Let me get thrown away. And now you’re saying it’s not my time.” Keep going forward, you will find your calling in the rain and the land. Something tugged at Rey to keep going. Even though all she had been trying to do for the past few weeks was stop going altogether. She went forward, feeling the grass hit against her legs and rain fall against her skin. There were whispers, things the Force had never showed her before, things that the Force would not have shown her before. Images of a boy and his mother running through a field. Happiness. She also saw the images of a mother struggling to balance her career with the life she wanted to have with her child. A kind person that she wished to meet one day. And not in battle. The lies she had been fed about Leia Organa over the years were built on falsehoods and exaggerations. Anger built up as she tried to sort through her thoughts. Throw out things that weren't true. It wasn't Leia's fault she couldn't connect to her son, it wasn't Luke's fault that the galaxy fell apart. It was all Snoke's. Mother was becoming more nefarious as the force revealed more about her. Let it speak. Let the truth be known. The truth, was unrelenting. So was the Force. As it turned out, the truth, The Force, and Rey had a lot in common. "Okay, I think I get it now." Ben had found Rey dangerously close to the pier overlooking the water, yet this is time it seemed like she hadn't meant to be there. The rain had long since passed and Rey was still sitting out there. When he approached, she made no sign of noticing or even registering his existence. "Hey," Nothing. "Rey," This time she tensed, raised a finger, either signaling for him to shut up or to wait a second. After a pregnant pause, Rey finally spoke, her raspy voice nearly impossible to hear, "Do you really think a monster can be redeemed?" "Yeah, I do." Another pause. "Good," she said, "because I'm not so sure myself." Notes: Sorry this is short but I need to pump out two chaps and I'm cutting this in half to make it work better/faster. Chapter 11 : All Fun And Games Until The Leader Comes It had been exactly a week since Ben Solo and Rey finally agreed to work together and Luke couldn't help but notice a difference in atmosphere. Whilst the girl never talked to him very much, he could see from a distance that she'd somehow managed the impossible feat of getting his nephew to smile, and she ate much for frequently. Luke was also astonished to hear that Ben wanted to begin training again- and delighted- but he didn't show it for fear of turning the boy off with his enthusiasm. They had started with the simple things, meditation, (something Ben was never good at), and using the training sabers that Luke had almost forgotten about. Rey never joined them. Which was a pity, because a different fighting style would have been a good learning opportunity for Ben. “I could offer you my tutelage as well,” he'd said to her once. “I don't want to be a Jedi,” she shot back. “All these silly rules about how to and how not to use the Force, it doesn't work well for me when I'm constrained to one side.” That was the most she said to him all week, and in his mind, the old Jedi began to form a plan. Rey heard the sound of Ben hitting the ground. “You suck,” She shouted from her perch on a rock near the shore. “I'd like to see you do better, Uncle Luke is like a fucking ninja.” He shouted back. “Don't doubt it, however I like this rock and intend to stay here for as long as possible without being disturbed.” In all fairness, it was her favorite rock. She'd walked with Ben and found it just as one of the migraines that was induced by her scar began to flare up. Lying near the sun's rays helped. There was a very loud whack, and she laughed when she very clearly heard him shout, “Ow, fuck!” and then, “Okay, that's it. Break time.” He’d sat right next to her, but he hadn’t lied down. “How are you doing?” “I’m good,” she mumbled, half asleep. “You?” “He’s beating my ass,” “Why do you think I was laughing?” “You suck,” “‘Least I don’t swallow.” Ben laughed and the two of them were silent for a moment. Rey could feel the light bending over her face, easing the pulsating ache that had been on her for the past few weeks. Here was a small moment of peace- she’d learned to cherish them. To cherish the nothingness and although she could not see, and the darkness never brought her peace, it relented in this instance. Another moment of silence and Rey began to feel a bit of unease in her stomach. “Ben?” “Yeah?” Rey paused again, thinking about the right way to carry on the conversation. Her breathing became shallower as she listened, closely. As she laid on the rock, the sound of something far bigger than she could imagine stood above her, breathing heavily. It was slow and it’s presence sickened her. If she listened closer, she could hear something else. More panicked, hyperventilating. “Hello?” The sounds faded out and she was brought back to reality. “Rey, you okay?” “The Force- it- oh god,” Tears started rolling down her cheeks, the sense of something very, very bad was right over her shoulders, taunting her like Mother did. Phasma woke up in a room completely made of white, strapped down to a chair in various places. She’d been stripped of everything except her undergarments, left to bare the cold of the torture chamber. It was a little too silent, stark, and barren and when she’d thought to call it, she decided against it. She heard the noise of a small girl laugh and her blood ran cold. “You’ve been very bad to the Leader,” A girl said in a sing song voice. Phasma couldn’t pinpoint the place the voice was coming through. “It’s time for you to pay for that,” Rey was panicking. Again. She wouldn’t let Ben take her back to Luke, but instead had him walk her around. Constantly reciting passages from binders and journals about the Force and changing the topic each time he asked her if something was wrong. Eventually, they’d run out of places to walk and she’d relented. “The Force showed me something,” “That part’s kind of obvious.” “It wasn’t good. I have a bad feeling about- well everything that’s happening to be honest, and I just-” “What did the Force show you, Rey?” “Remember when I told you about my friend, Phasma?” “Yeah,” “Well she’s alive, and they were torturing her, and the person who’s doing it- I don’t know if she’s gonna live much longer.” Phasma finally pinpointed the origin of the voice, and part of her wished that she hadn’t. A girl, that was not much younger than Rey when the two first met, stood in the corner of the room. Her skin was so pale that it was nearly translucent. Her blonde hair was unkempt and hit the floor, and her features were too sharp and gaunt for a child her age. The most unsettling part of her features- that she could see- was the fact that she had no eyelids, and her eyes were a palish blue. When Phasma blinked, she was no longer in that spot, and now right beside her, instead. “Mother never really liked you,” She said. “Said you were too kind to Rey, and that you needed to be eliminated. I’m just glad that I have the honor of doing it.” “We need to tell Luke, okay?” “No, I know what he’s going to do. He’s going to say that we can’t go and help her and I’m going to let her down- again.” “You don’t know that,” Yes. She did know that. She heard Luke walking up to the two of them and she tensed, grabbing Ben’s hand and not really thinking about it. “She does, Ben.” He said. “Neither of you are ready to go up against the First Order, and even if you were, the mission would still be suicide. I am sorry for your friend, but both of your lives are important, and I wouldn’t want to have to bury you-” “Bite me, okay?” She shouted back. “All I need is a ship and I could be in and out in a few minutes, I know the ship and-” “You can’t even move around without Ben to guide you,” That stung. Rey opened her mouth to open fire but nothing came out and she just stood there, like an idiot. “You and I can discuss this later, but I’m not calling for a ship until I know the both of you can take care of yourself, by yourself.” She didn’t want to cry. She didn’t want this. “Do you know what it’s like- the last thing I ever said to her was- ‘you deserve to die’. I didn’t mean to say that and she’s-” “We all say things we regret,” “You Jedi scum, I hope you and everyone you care about dies.” She let go of Ben’s hand and stomped away, going back to the rock. Wanting to feel a sense of calm again. To form a plan. She couldn’t form a plan. She needed to forget it. Forget Phasma. _ “We need the location of Rey and the Jedis. To bring her home and to flay the scum, you know- the works.” “Bite me,” The pain in Rey’s heart could not be quelled. She stayed on the rock of hours on end. The sun’s rays couldn’t quell her anger and pain and she felt something cracking underneath her feet, the sound of rock eroding in overtime. “Rey, calm down.” She heard Ben say. “Rey!” Rock crumbled to dust, dust is what Phasma would be when she was done with her. “Rey, you’re going to hurt yourself. Get away from the edge.” “No use,” “Not this again,” “Leave me alone, please.” The pang behind the middle of her forehead came back, pulsating and nearly unbearable. “Can you feel that-?” Ben pulled her back from the edge that would’ve hurt her and she didn’t fight back. Rey had a sense of dread filling her. “I feel it too,” Finally she let it out, and she cried. “Come here,” The two of them embraced until Rey could feel herself calming down, getting lulled to an almost sleep-like state. “Stay, please.” She said. "Okay, I'll stay here." Chapter 12 : The Impact/Immortal Summary: RIP Space Mom It's not the initial delivering of the news that really gets you, at least not to Ben, it's the days after. The feeling that joy is gone forever, and you will never be able to take back the awful things you said to them, that would haunt him for the days after. If only there had been a way to go back. Rey had cried for hours on end, presumably to prepare for her best and first friend's inevitable death. Ben hadn't spoken to Luke since he'd yelled at the both of them four hours ago. It had been hard, to persuade Rey to come back to the hut, and Ben had to make sure Luke was atop his very lonely hill before sneaking her back in. (His plan to stop a bad confrontation from happening). Everything was so simple then, hard and tragic, yet simple. Complication be damned, Ben knew what was going to happen next. Ben didn't know that his parents had been planning to visit the three of them and bring supplies- including frivolous items like chocolate and blankets that could be for no other person than Rey. His mother was silent as she entered the hut, and at the time he'd ignored the fact that something was clearly bothering her. He'd instead taken closer to Han, Leia saw this and gravitated closer to Rey, who was currently sitting on her bed palette, looking like one of her migranes was beginning to get the better of her. “Hello, I don't believe we've met.” She bent down to Rey's level, examining her closely. Rey turned her head to his mother's general vicinity, trying to pinpoint where her voice was coming from. “You must be Rey,” “General Organa-?” Rey questioned. “Yes,” She smiled, “Good guess,” Rey smiled in return. A real smile. “I bought you some chocolate, after Luke told me about the circumstances.” Leia placed a big round cylinder in Rey's lap and let her find the opening, and nearly laughed when she smelled the inside. “You are so much cooler than your brother,” Somehow they hit it off, and Ben and Han were soon kicked out of the tent so both of them could talk alone. “I'm so fucking stupid,” Ben shouted. He lay back against the edge of the hut and out his head in his hands. “Cut out the bullshit,” Rey said. “She wouldn't want this, she wouldn't want you sitting around just-” her throat caught, “doing nothing.” “Your uncle hasn't said a word since we landed,” “Yeah, I pissed him off.” Han raised an eyebrow. “Well it wasn't just me, Rey wanted to call a ship -” The two of them paused and turned down to look at the shore, just in time to see the Millennium Falcon blast off into the distance. “She stole my ship!” Ben was already heading back to the hut by the time he had said this. “MOM?!?” “I told her that I hated her so many times,” “She knew you didn’t mean it, Ben. Now come on, we have to go train.” “I don’t want to train,” “I’m not leaving you on your own right now, you’re going to fucking train. Okay?” “Go away, Rey. I don’t want to talk to you right now,” He felt numb right now. “I don’t want to talk to you for awhile. You betrayed my trust,” Rey picked up a training saber that could also be used as a walking stick. “I don’t know what you expected, Ben. It’s not my fault that you have unrealistic expectations. But okay, I’ll bite. It won’t do anything to help your mother recover. Or to take your mind off of it.” “Yes?” “She was with you,” “I told her to go, she was hesitant at first, then I told her the Force was with her, there’s an X-Wing under the cave near the shore.” “You let her steal my ship?” Leia was silent, as if she was waiting for something, and it came when Luke’s voice could be heard half way across the island. “LEIA!” She grinned a mischievous grin that he’d never seen on his mother, something that must’ve dated back to before she was born. It didn’t work of course, Rey ended up getting a migraine in which she nearly crashed the Falcon into a neighboring planet. Ben found her unconscious and took her back home. But that hadn’t been the end of it. She told Ben that she’d used a Jedi mind trick to tell Luke to make Leia and Han come, and that seemed to be the tipping point. She was faking being helpless, she was faking needing Ben and that made him feel- jilted. It seemed he wasn’t so useful after all. And to top it off, there was something wrong in The Force. This time he was the only one who felt it, he was sure, something powerful and strong was about to happen and he felt sick. His mother and father had left bickering, and at the time he hadn’t cared. It wasn’t until the next morning that Ben felt an unbearable weight pressing down on him, that he knew his mother wasn’t well. Rey had left and whilst it was what he told her to do, it wasn’t really what he wanted. The silence weighed down even more and he felt like he was going to explode. Ben had the inexorable urge to break everything in his path, to set something on fire, to taste blood, yet at the same time he felt helpless. There was nothing he could do. Nothing he could do and his mother would never forgive him for any of the awful things he said to her over the years, and she’d be right not to. He heard footsteps and saw Rey in the doorway once again. “Come train, take out some of that anger,” “Anger leads to the dark side.” “That’s bullshit, anger is a human emotion that you’re very much allowed to feel, now come on, grab up one of those stupid training sabers and beat my ass.” “Rey-” “Don’t ‘ Rey’ me, you wouldn’t help me find my friend and save her, so you don’t get to do that. I’m not going to stay still and cry anymore. I am not going to be a Jedi, but I’m not going to be helpless either. And if I’m not going to do that, neither should you. General Organa wouldn’t want that now would she?” She was right, even though she barely knew his mother, she seemed to know more about her than Ben did himself. He got up, slowly, his bones aching. “Come on, I’m the one who broke your trust, I’m the one that kidnapped you and terrorized you.” He picked up one of the training sabers. “I’ve destroyed nations, planets, and star systems… and whilst I was under the hand of Snoke, I still kinda liked it.” He attacked and she smiled, parrying back with ease. “What are you going to do about it soldier, are you going to fight? Or are you going to further the Skywalker legacy by running away and making other people fight your battles?” Luke heard that one. By the tensing in his form during meditation, Ben could tell. Yet he still did not move. Rey was countering each one of his moves with ease, and that just pissed him off more. With one, feral swing, his training saber met hers and everything seemed to slow down. He could see the splinters of wood coming off of the swords and could feel the power raging through him. “ Do it,” a voice said, “ Hurt me, I deserve it. ” Then it as back to normal, both of their sabers had broken clean in half and the two of them lunged at each other’s necks. Rey was on top, her hands wrapped around his neck and Luke was running towards the both of them. “This is what happens when you let anger and stupidity blend together, Ben. You see, I win. Again.” She let go of him right as Luke barked, “What the hell is wrong with you two?” “I taught him a lesson, nothing more.” Ben coughed. “About what?” “Trying to outplay me, I may be blind but the Force is with me, I am one with the Force. I will know every single move you make, and because you’re so predictable, it’ll be easy to take you out too.” This got Ben up, as he picked up the remainder of the wooden blade and charged at Rey. She ducked just in time, the only damage a bit of broken skin on the top of her neck. “Anger, grief, all of it can be put to good use.” “You are not to use the dark side-” “I already tried comfort, it isn’t working old man.” Ben used an elbow to knock her to the ground, his face inches away from her scarred face, her scarred eyes and she laughed. “It feels good doesn’t it, the power that’s coursing through your veins right now, it masks up the grief for a split second and keeps you going, the next step is caring. To make that anger worth something. To do something good with it, let’s go up against the First Order, you and I could destroy them, your mother would be proud. She will be proud, because she’ll be fine.” He let her go. “I need to be alone for awhile, Chapter 13 : ||together|| Summary: "Anger leads to the dark side," "Anger is a human emotion," Rey had tried every way possible to apologize to Ben, (but saying sorry did not come naturally, so most of the time it came out with a prompt, “Fuck this!”) but he never responded. Leaving Rey with no one to talk to, but Luke. And that wasn't going to happen any time soon. The only solution in her mind-- stop talking all together. It wasn't that hard either, she had done it before, but this time, she wouldn't be helpless, as she tried to be before. As she saw it, with the probability of Phasma being dead, she needed to get ready for revenge. Phasma wasn't dead, and that seemed to surprise both her and her captor. “You've been out for weeks. I thought you would be dead by now, but it seems not.” The little girl said in disgust. “You’re strong for a regular person,” She wasn’t sure what exactly the girl had done to Phasma but her body hurt all over. “Thought you would’ve had the decency to kill me by now,” Phasma sighed. “But hey, thanks for the compliment? I guess?” The girl was clearly vexed, which might not of been the best thing ever, but it was the most entertainment that Phasma had. “I could if you gave me the location of the traitor,” “Oh-- well-- that’s not going to happen,” “You’re being illogical,” “I’m going to keep being illogical, Rey is my friend, and you’re not going to get a location from me, even if you use the Force against me.” “Because you love her like a mother would a child, is that right?” Phasma was silent. “How sweet, I think I know how to break you.” Training went in four four time when Rey was around, she never spoke, and it infuriated Luke watching the two of them not working together at all, and when she’d end up getting hit by one of the targetting droids, the silent and angry air between the two thickened. He’d seemed to have forgotten what it was like, training a bunch of teenage like drama queens, and he was starting to get tired of it. Ben could tell. Maybe he should’ve forgiven Rey. He definitely should’ve. One day she sat on her palette of blankets alone, her thoughts louder than any action that he could’ve ever read into. I know you are in my head, I know you are in my head, I know you are in my head, if you keep trying to control me I will kill you, Mother. Get out of my head, you took my eyes, you made me like this now get out. Something dark was hanging over her head, and Ben could feel it’s breath, see it’s long and slender claws. It laughed and Ben jumped just as tears started rolling down Rey’s face. It kept laughing, only getting louder. Luke had seemed to hear it too, but he was just as frozen as Ben was. GET. OUT. The Force bared down on the three of them, and Ben didn’t know how Rey could handle it. But somehow, that big and dark thing was no longer there, and she walked away without another word. “Was that-” Ben asked when she was out of earshot. Luke nodded. “She’s still trying to control her, even from here.” Rey was overcome with the feeling of vertigo as she began to walk down steppes of the store. Someone was there to catch her and take her hand, “Take a step down, then sit.” It was Ben. “Take it up the ass, Solo.” She rasped, and let go of his hand. Her head hurt and she felt like throwing up what little dinner she’d had. “Rey!” She stopped, turning around with what hopefully looked like a sour expression on her face. “Fuck you okay! Fuck you! I wanted to save my friend! You judged me for that and I tried- goddammit I tried to say sorry. I tried to help you when your mom got sick. You wouldn’t fucking listen! And then you come to my side when you think I may be helpless. That’s really shitty.” “Rey, you’re not well right now. I know I’ve been acting like an ass but you have to sit down for a second.” The mixture of anger and vertigo that mixed in her stomach was not a good one, but it kept her standing, and that was all she needed. “I know I’m not well, I am never well. Do you think I would be well after the only person that I could ever call a friend after Phasma stopped talking to me? Do you think I could be well when I am constantly dealing with voices in my head. Ever since you walked into my life, I have not been well, Ben Solo. I will never be well because of you.” She hissed. The silence was bliss. She could feel the raw wound she had just inflicted on Ben, the venom that had burned him as her remarks had sunk in. Good. She thought. He deserved it. Rey staggered and then studied herself, grabbing one of the rocks that protruded up right next to the step. “I get that,” He said. “I screw everything up… but that makes me human.” God damn it. “And because of my mistakes, I have gotten to know you better, you’re no longer under the thumb of an abusive fascist alien god.” Rey almost melted. “So I’m sorry, and I know you’re sorry too, but you need to sit down, Rey. Let me help you.” She sat down, and began to cry again. Vulnerable and pathetic. Good job, Rey. Good job. His hand was on her back again and her pain eased ever so slightly, leaning into him. “I’m so stupid.” She said. “So am I,” Ben replied. “How are we going to get through this?” Ben was silent, and Rey could feel him stroking her hair, lulling her to sleep. “I don’t know,” he replied finally. “But we’re going to figure it out, okay? We’re going to find your friend, if she’s alive we’ll rescue her. If not we’ll give her a proper funeral. You can get revenge. We’ll do it together.” Chapter 14 : The Force is With Me Summary: The cure to evil is always the light. “Let me tell you a story, one that few people know any more. The story of the rebels that delivered the plans of the Death Star into the hands of the Rebellion.” Rey sat still-- because despite the fact that she wanted to show disgust and disinterest around Skywalker-- she was generally interested. No one really talked of them. They were acknowledged, never named. Luke Skywalker named them for her, “Jyn Erso, Cassian Andor, Bodhi Rook, and the protectors of the Temple of Whills, Baze Malbus and Chirrut Imwe.” “The Temple Of Whills, I thought that was destroyed in a mining accident.” “Destroyed by the Death Star,” So many things were lies. “Chirrut Imwe was as faithful as they come in the Force, he believed in it more than anything. And he was blind, there were rumours that he was able to fell a group of forty stormtroopers at a time.” Rey could see where this was going-- she didn’t want to fall for it. “And Jyn Erso, one belonged to the Empire, her father Galen was the one who built it. She was the one who transmitted the Death Star plans to the rebellion, which by a series of events lead to everything that’s happened. She escaped evil dictators, Chirrut Imwe was able to overcome whatever setback being blind were supposed to give him, so maybe it is time that you looked to them for answers, for inspiration, if you will not let me help you.” Rey was quiet before leaving the tent, her muscles sore from the last few times they had practiced and she had subsequently failed. Things hadn’t gotten easier after since Rey and Ben had apologized to each other, even though Rey had wished that it would get easier. But her vertigo had through her off of her center-- there was something always behind her-- but this time she was able to throw that thing off. That didn’t make it any less troubling. Something malevolent could often be felt staring at her, things started to breath in her ear and it was maddening. “Chirrut Imwe was blind?” She hadn’t expected for anyone to answer. The voice was different this time, not deep and malevolent. I am one with the force and the force is with me. I am one with the force and the force is with me. There was that deep and dark creature behind her, it’s long metallic hands clasped around her bony shoulders. It did not move, only breathing in her ear. She remembered what Luke said about force ghosts. About how they were very picky in their appearances. What choice do we have? A woman’s voice said. There was a different hand on her shoulder. This one was warm and inviting. What choice do you have but to fight through it? We are one with the force, and soon you may be to. But you have to fight for it. Fight for peace. The voice that was most certainly Chirrut’s said. These are your first steps, Rey. She could feel it, the warm sunlight trickling over here and making her feel like she was nearly home. The feeling of loss, of vertigo, was gone. Shaken from her shoulders, and she could feel those bony metal hands trying to stay on her shoulders. Hope is always the light amidst the darkness. If anyone can shake this, it’s you. I did enough, it was okay. You-- still have things to do. It will be okay too. You will be okay. The hands left and she was felt with a feeling of something warm in her stomach. “Hey, Rey. You okay?” “Oh, yeah. I’m fine.” Her smile was like the sun, she grabbed his arm and sighed. “I think that I’ll be okay for a while.” “You just had a conversation with my uncle, are you really sure about that?” “Yeah-- I am. I’m just kind of tired, sore… you know?” “Training with Luke can do that, want to go down to the shore?” Rey nodded and the two of them set the path down the steppes as they had done so many times. Ben didn’t know if Rey was aware of the feeling of a bond, kindling between the two of them without permission from either two of them. That was okay though. They’d sat on the rock that had been so comforting to them and just relaxed, and Ben could’ve sworn that he timed her breathing patterns once she had fallen asleep. He had tried to stop it from coming. He never expected her to win like this. When Rey’d woken up she knew immediately what the answer was. How she was going to get her revenge. And the answer lied not only in Ben Solo, but also his uncle. She was pretty sure that she had shocked everyone when she’d said. “I don’t need titles, but I want you to train me as if I were a Jedi.” “Really-?” “Under one condition- well several- it’s fine if you disagree to one or two but… anyways…” “Shoot,” Luke was starting to get excited. Time to turn him down a notch. “You let me go on missions against the Order, Ben came come with to survey my behavior and protect me if I do something stupid.” “I didn’t know anything about this--” “You let me use the dark side as I please, Darth Revan created the Grey Jedi, the Revanchists. They were able to balance each side and that is what I am most interested in studying.” He was still somewhat excited. “Is that all?” “Yeah, actually.” She paused. “So no objections?” “Objections? No. Parameters to set? Yes. But that can be discussed in the morning. Let’s take this night to celebrate,” Rey grinned and sat down. Feeling at home. The Force was with her. She was with the Force.