Draggulch 2015 (38 ABY) No one in the conference room would speak to her or even meet her eyes, but Jaina ignored it. She had known them all for years, and she wasn’t afraid of Commodore Forge, let alone Tahiri Veila or Jessika Pava. They were not the only people in the room, of course, but the fifth need not apply. Jaina would set herself on fire before Myri Antilles scared her. She had been seven years old when that brat was born, and she would never forget it, no matter how high Myri rose in Republic Intelligence. “We’ve all here now, Agent Antilles,” Commodore Forge hinted. Myri turned a bright red. “Right. Director Verlaine sent me here to debrief you on your next mission.” They stared at her expectantly, and she cleared her throat. “Several days ago Commander Poe Dameron, of Red Squadron, went AWOL at the request of Commander Organa. He traveled to Jakku, a planet under the control of the First Order, to meet the archeologist Lor San Tekka. Dameron was captured but later escaped with his droid, BB-8 — and the intel that Commander Organa was so desperate to obtain.” Jaina said nothing. She didn’t need to account for her behavior to them. “We lost track of Dameron for a while,” which had to be bitter to admit, “until an informant in the gang Kanjiklub contacted us. They had a run-in with Dameron and his companions, and afterwards, Dameron set course for Takodana — Dameron, BB-8, two unknowns, and Han Solo and Chewbacca, on the Millennium Falcon. ” Jaina and Tahiri met eyes. When had Han and Chewbacca reclaimed the Falcon , and how had they found Dameron? It couldn’t have been the other way around. Jaina and Kira didn’t know where Han Solo was from one week to the next, and they were his daughters . “Intelligence wants to station Blue Squadron and Red Squadron near Takodana, ready to move when our informants on the ground tell us that the Falcon has landed. We don’t want a fight, but we have to assume that the First Order knows what we know and that they’re willing to kill again — for whatever it.” Commodore Forge raised an eyebrow. “Thank you for your report, agent. Commander Organa will command both squadrons, under the callsign “Black Leader.” If that is acceptable?” “Yes, Aunt Inyri.” Myri winced. “Commodore Forge.” Her embarrassment allowed the rest of the debriefing to go more peacefully, and Jaina was in more optimistic spirits when they were dismissed. Then Commodore Forge said, “Stay behind a second, Organa. I’d like a word.” It couldn’t be about punishment. Commodore Forge wouldn’t assign her command and then court martial her. The commodore sat back down, and after a second, Jaina did too. One on one like this, it was easier to see Myri’s “Aunt Inyri” — Wes and Hobie’s wife, Jadzia and Ezri’s mother — in the famously no-nonsense CO. “Apparently your mother has her share of supporters in Republic Intelligence.” “Ma’am?” “Don’t play dumb with me, Organa. It doesn’t suit you. You know as well as I do that you would be on your way back to the palace now, in chains, if Director Verlaine didn’t have faith in Queen Leia and Ambassador Sella’s crusade.” Or if Director Verlaine and her mother hadn’t been friends since the Battle of Yavin. “Do you , ma’am?” Jaina asked instead. It was an audacious question. Jaina was born a princess, but here she was no more than a commander skating on very thin ice. Commodore Forge sighed. “Yes. To leave the First Order to its own devices would be a mistake, not only on our part but on the parts of the Fel Empire and the Corellian Confederation. Hells, even the Chiss Ascendancy. But that doesn’t mean that I won’t support the Republic, whatever they decide on Hosnian Prime. I’m a Forge, not a Skywalker or an Antilles.” Jaina nodded. She hadn't expected otherwise from a woman who had served the Republic for thirty-two years. “I didn’t ask you to stay to discuss hypotheticals, however.” The commodore’s dark eyes bored into her own. “I understand if you can only say “Jedi business,” but my understanding only goes so far. Why did you ask Commander Dameron to do this, and what could Lor San Tekka possibly know that was worth the life of your friend and colleague?” Jaina bit her lip. “What do you know about the massacre at the Jedi Temple?” “I know that seven assailants attacked the Jedi Temple suddenly and without warning two years back and that a group claiming to be those same people later appeared as leaders in the First Order. I know that the Jedi aren’t saying more than they absolutely need to about the incident. I know you weren’t onworld at the time, and neither were your sister and your uncle and his family.” That was intentional. Jacen didn’t want us dead. “Right. Well, afterwards, Uncle Luke believed that he had failed us as a teacher and that he didn’t properly understand the Jedi teachings. He quit, and he and Aunt Mara took Ben with them on a quest to find the first Jedi temple.” Commander Forge blinked. “That… makes no sense.” “It does if you’re a Jedi,” Jaina insisted loyally, but she’d thought the same herself. “Alright. What does this have to do with the late Lor San Tekka?” “His speciality was the history of the Jedi and other Force-sensitive groups, and he was a family friend. Uncle Luke had worked with him before, to find lost Jedi artifacts and writings. Lost Jedi. They knew from their earlier expeditions that the first Jedi temple was real and that it was valuable. Bastila Shan mentions finding it in her second holocron — and how.” The older woman was grave and quiet. “How did she find it, Jaina?” “They’re called Star Maps. The Rakatan Infinite Empire used them, thousands of years ago, to communicate between conquered worlds, but it also showed the exact location of their homeworld Lehon. Then the empire collapsed when it became embroiled in a civil war, and they abandoned their conquests. They tried to destroy the Star Maps on their way out, but they were designed to self-repair. They couldn’t completely, but it’s enough if you put them all together.” “Lor San Tekka had a complete map?” “So they said.” Commodore Forge leaned back in her chair. “The Knights of Ren would want to this intel anyway, but to have Skywalker and Jade there, alone and friendless —” She broke off, to Jaina’s relief. “Is this world, Lehon, abandoned?” “Bastila Shan said that the Rakata were greatly reduced, but it’s been centuries. They could have had a reversal of fortune, or another sentient species could have evolved onworld or colonized the planet from offworld.” Commodore Forge made a thoughtful sound. “Why do you want Master Skywalker back?” “He’s my uncle.” “So you all say. I never understood your family tree.” She shook her head. “I meant: Why did you send someone after him, into First Order territory and on the strength of a rumor? There is no reason for you to be in fear of his life, or his wife and son’s lives, not yet, and you think that they’re after something useful on this world. Why not wait for them to come back on their own?” “He — the First Order is advancing. We need Luke Skywalker. We need Mara Jade.” “No, we don’t.” “What?” “My husbands are your uncle’s friends, not me, but I think he’d agree with me when I say that our time has passed. It ended when we made peace with the Empire or when we made peace with the Yuuzhan Vong. Our generation is too old to fight these battles. You’re twenty-nine years old, Your Highness. It’s time to stop hiding behind your uncle’s robes and your mother’s ridiculously ornate skirts.” “With all due respect, ma’am —” “Dismissed.” Jaina goggled at her. “Commodore Forge?” “I didn’t say that to begin an argument with you. I said it in the hopes that you would think on it in your own time. Dismissed, Commander Organa.” Jaina stood with mechanical awkwardness and saluted a farewell. No one had ever spoken to her that way, not even her parents. She wasn’t offended (she did believe that Commodore Forge meant well), but she was startled and bewildered. One moment of weakness was all it took. “The fighters and the support ships are ready to go, Pava talked Red Squadron out of a mutiny, and the specs are on our computers,” Tahiri said as she fell into step with her in the corridor. “Oh. Thanks.” Her expression was one of concern, and Jaina almost snapped at her. They weren’t kids at the Jedi temple anymore, and Tahiri wasn’t her bratty sister’s annoying best friend. Jaina was Tahiri’s commanding officer now. “Are you good to fly? Pava and I can handle this if you’re not.” “I’m good.” “You’re not worrying yourself about Dameron, are you?” Dameron was a friend (and the son of her mom’s friend), but he was prepped. Jaina was more worried about Han and Chewbacca. They were old and unprepared for what promised to be a disaster, and they were her dad and his oldest and dearest friend. “No. Why?” She smirked, and Jaina knew that she had fallen into her trap. “No reason,” Tahiri said with false innocence. “You haven’t seen your girlfriend in months, and Dameron is handsome and charming and brave — the perfect prince, one might say.” Jaina elbowed her. “Hey now! I only ask out of concern, Jaina. We’ve known each other for years, after all, and Kira is my best friend. She would want me to act as she would in her absence, and you’re always the first person to point out that a sister’s duties include supervising all romances.” She now wished that she had not teased Kira and Tahiri so much in the past, but in her defence, they were easy targets. “You’re not my sister, Lieutenant Veila, and I thank every god on every world for that.” Jaina picked up her pace until she was practically sprinting down the corridors, and Tahiri ran after her. The battle was short, and for once, that was a problem. Hosnian Prime was unpopulated (thank the stars), but that was why it had been chosen as the site of the meeting between the representatives of the Republic, the Empire, the Confederation, and the Ascendancy as well as of their member worlds. Jaina had known Korr Sella. She was the Princess of the Alderaani, and Korr Sella was one of their most trusted ambassadors. She had liked her. Had Tenel Ka and Jag been on Hosnian Prime too? They hadn’t said in any of their comm messages, but that was standard procedure for them. The three of them were too valuable for their flight plans to fall into the wrong hands, so Jaina rarely knew where her girlfriend and her ex were at any given time. Their parents had trusted them with such important duties before. Tenel Ka would be the Ta’a Chume of the Hapes Consortium when her mother died or stepped down, and Teneniel Djo wanted her daughter to be a hands-on monarch. Tenel Ka had never failed her. Jag wasn’t the heir to the Empire, thanks to his four older siblings, but he was as dutiful and passionate as Tenel Ka was. He wouldn’t let the task go to another, had Emperor Soontir Fel assigned him such a task. She swallowed back her grief. “Who’s Rey?” she asked of the rescued among the debris after listening to the former stormtrooper go on and on about the girl Jacen — Kylo Ren had run off with during the battle. “Later,” Han said firmly. Jaina tilted her head to the side, but Han would say no more. “We’re based on Ossus,” she said, not unkindly, and he winced. Leia was probably on base already, desperate for what news of Hosnian Prime there was. “You know the way. Excuse me for a moment. Maz Kanata deserves an apology.” Maz was only a little ways away, closer to the ruins of her home, and she sighed as Jaina drew near. “My home has been destroyed and rebuilt many times over the thousand years that I have lived here, but it is never easy to see it gone.” “It shouldn’t. It’s home .” Jaina straightened her back and held her head higher. Kira used to call it her “princess pose,” back when she and her sister were still talking. “You look like you need to declare war on Korriban,” she had joked. “I’m sorry for our part in it, Maz.” “You aren’t to blame for every evil in the galaxy, Jaina.” “I don’t think that.” Maz gave a shout of laughter. “Do you remember when you were young and your father used to bring you and Jacen and Kira here? Every time you’d get in trouble (as children will), and every time we’d find you at it (as adults will). The first words out of your mouth were always “I’m sorry, it’s my fault.” You were the oldest and the heir, you told me once, so you were responsible for your own twin as well as your younger sister. If you ask me, Jacen would have been better served by feeling a bit of responsibility every once in a while.” “Maybe.” Maz took Jaina’s hand in hers. “You are more than you think you are, Jaina Organa Solo. More than a princess, more than a Jedi, more than a pilot. More than a whatever-you-are. You’re certainly more than just another Skywalker. Go show the galaxy what you can do.” What I can do if only I stopped hiding behind my mom’s skirts and my uncle’s robes, she thought cynically. Two pep talks in as many ways. It was enough to drive a woman to drink. Jaina inclined her head. “Again, I’m sorry about your castle.” She turned on her heel and returned to her squadron. Dameron was already with his, Pava and Wexley and the rest of Red Squadron crowding around him to brag about their doings and hear his. Ossus was a beautiful world — lush forests and jungles, crystal-clear lakes, breathtaking mountains, and wide, open grasslands. Even its tundras and deserts were beautiful, Jaina would argue, had anyone ever challenged its beauty in her hearing. The planet had been home to a Jedi temple during the Old Republic as well as a sentient species called the Ysanna, but the destruction of the Sith Wars had been too much. The Ysanna had died off, and the Jedi abandoned the planet. Generations passed before the Galactic Senate granted the Jedi Order the right to make their temple there and the Alderaani the right to settle there after the Yuuzhan Vong War, and the world had reclaimed its health and beauty in the meantime. It always felt cleaner and purer than the other planets where Jaina had lived. Especially Coruscant. Jaina had been thirteen when they moved to Ossus. It had been everything she could have wanted in a homeworld after years in Republic City or in hiding as dark forces threatened her parents' lives, and she had declared herself the happiest girl in the entire galaxy. Her mother’s opinion on their new home had been succinct: “It isn’t Alderaan and it never will be, but it will serve.” Today, Leia stood outside the Republic base as the squadrons and the Millennium Falcon landed. She looked small and old, but her eyes lit up when Han stepped off the ship. Jaina hadn’t seen the woman who had raised her in years. Up close she saw the remnants of makeup freshly (and hastily) scrubbed off, and she noticed that Leia’s gown was one of the more muted outfits in the queen’s wardrobe. She must have come from an audience. Perhaps she had recorded her statement already, dignified and grief-stricken. Ambassador Sella deserved no less. “You’re unharmed?” Leia asked. Jaina had walked away from her x-wing, hadn’t she? “Obviously.” The corner of Leia’s mouth twisted, fondly. “We know where you got that from,” she said, but Han escaped C-3PO before she could say anymore. He walked towards them with a look of pure determination. Was he afraid of them, his own wife and daughter? Then he stood before them, and Jaina shifted as her parents stared at each other. She hadn’t appreciated what it was like to have parents whose love for each other was legendary until she was grown up and out of their home. They had been her parents, her queen and the royal consort, long before they were Princess Leia and Han Solo. All her life people had asked her invasive questions about them for the sake of selling a story to the holonet, but on base, the other pilots had questioned her as though her parents were the Set and Veré of the Rebellion. With an equally dramatic backstory. “You changed your hair,” Han said finally. Leia raised an eyebrow. Fondness and exasperation warred within her. “Same jacket.” “No, new jacket.” Chewbacca came over then and greeted Leia enthusiastically before realizing that Han and Leia still hadn’t looked away from each other. He made an excuse about repairs, and Jaina wished that she could escape so easily. Han took another step forward. “I saw him, Leia. I saw our son. He was on Takodana.” Jaina had to turn her head away, and this caught her parents’ attention. “Let’s go inside. Do you think we’ll fit inside your room, Jaya?” Jaina shrugged. Mom hasn't called me "Jaya" since I made captain . “It’s as small as they were on Hoth, but at least it’s warmer.” Jaina started walking without saying a word, and her parents followed her. “Do you have to share?” her dad asked. "Fortunately, no. Not that it would be too bad if I did — my XO is Tahiri.” Han grinned wicked. “Stealing your sister's dates now? Well, Kira might complain, but I don't mind. I like Tahiri better than I liked Zekk or that Fel kid. Not as much as I liked Tenel Ka, though, her unfortunate choice of father aside. She always treated you right. Are you two still together?” “If she’s still alive.” Her parents were stricken. Han’s mouth fell open in shock, and Leia grabbed her hand and squeezed. “You would have felt it if she had died,” she said with a quiet earnestness. Jaina should have felt a lot of things but hadn’t, and even so, she doubted that she could have distinguished one death from so many. “We’re here,” she said instead, and she typed in the code for her door. Her military-issued apartment was impossibly small with both of her parents inside. Leia sat down on the bed while Han stood in the middle of the room, glancing around curiously and pretending that he wasn’t in turns. Jaina didn’t know what she should do or say, so she leaned against the wall and waited out the silence. “We need to talk about Jacen,” Leia said abruptly. “What about him?” Jaina snapped. "Are you so eager to throw away your brother? Your own twin?" "He isn't my brother, Mom. He's a murderer and a kidnapper, and worse!" There had been so many people on the Hosnian System, so many people in the Jedi Temple that day. "You're the one who would never let Uncle Luke forget what Darth Vader had done. How is Alderaan any different from Hosnian Prime?" "Don't — He's your brother , Jaina. Your son, Han!" Han bowed his head. "Leia, there was nothing we could've done. Nothing we can do. There's too much Vader in him." Leia forced back a sob. "That was why I wanted him to train with Luke. All of you. I thought it would prevent you from becoming like him. I never should have allowed it. That's how I lost you all. Kira hasn't visited since she went to university, Luke and Mara ran away with Ben, and you and Chewbacca went back to smuggling. And Jaina, you look at me like you don't know who I am." "I know who you are, Mom." "I'm sorry, Leia. I thought it would be easier on you." "How could it be easier without my husband at my side?" Han went to look out the small window, onto the base. At the Millennium Falcon . "We both had to deal with it in our own way. I went back to the only thing I was ever good at." "We both did." "We lost our son, forever." "No." There was a light of fanaticism in Leia's eyes, but Han didn't see it. "It was Snoke. He seduced our son to the dark side. But we can still save him. Me. You. Jaina and Kira." Was that what Leia had told herself these past few years? "I won't," Jaina spat. "Kira won't." "You haven’t spoken to her in two years. You don't know what your sister will or won't do." "You and I are the only members of thisso-called family who have spoken over the past two years. I don't think that any of us are all that dedicated ." Han was quiet. Considering. "If Luke couldn't reach him, how could I? "Luke is a Jedi... you're his father. There's still light in him. I know it." Her parents had lost all reason. “There isn’t, ” she insisted. “If you think Kylo Ren is going to turn another leaf because Vader did, let me repeat to you what you once told me: Darth Vader felt bad about killing people and then he died. That’s not redemption , that’s convenience . Would he have cared if it were anyone but Uncle Luke being tortured by Emperor Sidious? No. Did his speech to Uncle Luke mean anything, truthfully? No. Those people were still murdered, and the galaxy still suffered.” “This isn’t about Vader! It’s about Jacen!” “There is no Jacen anymore. It’s only Kylo Ren.” Anger was unbecoming of a Jedi, and dangerous. She tried to calm herself. “Your son is a monster. Accept it. I have.” “When did you become so cold, Jaina?” “I don’t know, Mom. When did you become so soft-hearted and foolish?” “Don’t speak to your mother that way!” “I’ll speak to her anyway I want, whether or not she’s my mother. My queen. I don’t allow people to say such stupid things without calling them out.” Her door console beeped, and Jaina was so desperate for an interruption that she keyed the door open without asking who it was. Threepio and Dameron stood there with Dameron’s droid and stormtrooper friend — Finn, was it? They looked at her and her scowling parents like they were the monsters. “Oh, Miss Jaina, it’s terrible!” She sighed. “What is, Threepio?” “The datacard that Lor San Tekka gave Commander Dameron and BB-8, it’s incomplete! He says that the information is from only four of the surviving Star Maps.” “What the hell are star maps?” her father growled. Jaina invited them inside before explaining the story of the Rakatan Infinite Empire to her parents and her new guests, but only Finn looked impressed by it. Dameron had already heard the story of course, but her parents hadn’t. Han was soft and compassionate, and Jaina hated him. “You can’t believe that nonsense Luke told you about the first Jedi temple. It’s some old Jedi fairytale that your uncle told you when you were kids! It isn’t real, Jaina.” Jaina reeled on him. “I do believe in it! So do Uncle Luke and Kylo Ren.” She took a deep breath. “Even if you don’t believe it’s real, that’s reason enough for us to pursue it. Uncle Luke is searching for it now, with Aunt Mara and Ben, and Kylo Ren wants it too.” Han nodded once. Resentfully. “Real or not, what matters is that we’re no closer to finding Luke,” Leia said quietly. There was a long silence. Jaina turned to the two men. “Why are you here?” Dameron and Finn had been as surprised as Jaina to learn that the map was incomplete. Dameron stood a bit taller. “Finn’s familiar with the weapon that destroyed the Hosnian System. He worked on the base.” Jaina considered the ex-stormtrooper carefully. There was something… not dishonest, but untruthful about him. A man who dealt in half-truths could be as dangerous as a liar. “The Republic will be glad of whatever you can tell us, but you should be telling Commodore Forge about this. Or Admiral Ackbar.” The admiral and several other higher-ups had arrived on Ossus sometime after the Blue Squadron was deployed. Dameron shrugged and grinned. “We need backup before we to the brass with this, princess. You know how it is.” Finn swallowed. “That’s where my friend was taken. Rey. I have to get there fast.” “I’ll do what I can to help, Finn, but first I need to hear what you know.” She glanced back at her parents. “Actually, let’s go to the council. Now. You know I’ll support whatever you propose within reason, Dameron.” “You’re a reasonable sort of girl, Organa.” She didn’t break eye-contact with her mother. “Aren’t I.” The data from Wexley's reconnaissance flight confirmed Finn's report: The First Order had somehow created a hyper lightspeed weapon built within the planet itself, like another Death Star but on an unprecedented scale. It was powered by stars, draining them of their power until they ceased to exist and another star system could be destroyed. And they were charging it now. Ossus was their target. Jaina tried to catch Leia's eye — Look, your son wants to finish the job your father started and kill the remaining Alderaani, yourself included! —, but her mother would not look at her. They didn't have enough ships to evacuate, so they had to find some way to destroy the weapon's thermal oscillator. "They have defensive shields that our ships cannot penetrate," Admiral Ackbar said quellingly. "I can disable the shields," Finn said. "But I have to be there, on the planet —" Liar. Jaina didn’t call him out on it. These things had a way of working out, and besides, it wasn’t as though they had any other options. Dameron gave Jaina a grin. "So we disable the shields, take out the oscillator and we blow up their big gun. All right. Let's go!" Everyone ran to change back into their flight suits and refuel their x-wings (some of them grumbling about repairs), and Jaina didn’t even need to work to avoid her parents. She saw them from a distance as she boarded her own fighter. They were saying goodbye to each other. She couldn’t bring herself to join their farewells, but she wanted to. Han caught her eye, and even from a distance, she could see him smile and wink. She’d talk to him when they came back, and she’d get him on her side. They would convince Leia, and with them all united, Kira would have to come home on her next holiday. So of course it wasn’t that easy. The Millennium Falcon crash-landed on the planet, but the three of them got inside the base and disabled the shields. The x-wings fought off the TIE fighters and dodged the missiles. Finn found his kidnapped friend. Between them, they destroyed the thermal oscillator. Kylo Ren killed Han. Jaina did feel it this time. She knew the second that her father died, and she reached out to her mother, lightyears away. Leia was untrained in the Force, but she didn’t need to be for this. Jaina siphoned her mother’s strength and continued the mission. The pilots were torn between exhilaration at their success and grief at their losses. They had all lost friends in the air, and they had all lost Han Solo — a hero of the Rebellion, husband to the queen of the Alderaani, and the father of their commander. Jaina ducked to avoid the condolences of Tahiri and the rest of her squadron, and she found her mother standing with the officers, her colleagues of yore. Leia stood as tall and proud as the mountains of Ossus. As the mountains of Alderaan-that-was. Jaina had to bend down to hug her, but her embrace was as warm and comforting as it had ever been. She could not cry, not here and now. “Uh, Commander Organa?” Jaina turned to find out who had interrupted them. It was a tall, fair-skinned girl wearing plain clothing, beige and gauzy, like one would see on a desert world. Like Tatooine or Jakku. “Rey,” she said. It was nice to put a face to the name. The girl smiled tentatively. “Chewbacca said that you wanted a map to Luke Skywalker? I don’t know if I have one, but — I downloaded all the information the First Order had on Skywalker onto this datacard. Kylo Ren was so desperate for our map, maybe he had an incomplete one of his own.” Jaina accepted the datacard. “Maybe. Thank you.” “No problem.” She followed Finn and the medics to the sickbay, and Jaina nodded for Dameron to go after him too. They’d send in their reports once they were written, but she’d stick around to answer any immediate questions the admiralty had. Or not. “Get out of here, Organa,” Commodore Forge ordered softly. “Go home with your mom. You need each other more than the Republic needs you now.” Inyri Forge had once been a rookie (and reformed petty criminal) appointed to the Rogue Squadron for publicity, in the name of her martyred sister. She had served alongside General Solo during the search for Zsinj. She had met her husbands during that assignment — and Myri Antilles’s parents too. She didn’t mourn a legend, only her former commanding officer. Her honest grief was a balm, and Jaina could force herself into composure. “Thank you, Commodore.” Leia had flown her landspeeder there, an older model from back when they had lived on Coruscant and appropriately lowkey. For once, Jaina didn’t insist upon driving it herself. It was a quiet trip to the palace. Leia didn’t speak until they were parked. “Sleep, sweetheart. We’ll talk in the morning.” “Are you going to comm Kira?” “Yes. Hopefully she’ll hear it from me before she hears it from the holonet.” “She probably already knows.” Leia bowed her head. They hugged again before Jaina walked the familiar path to her bedroom. She hadn’t lived in the palace that long compared to the other homes she’d had in her life, but of all those places she had been happiest here. Jaina had thought that she was safest in the palace too, but her door was unlocked when she reached it. Panic thrummed through her, and she ignited her lightsaber before storming in. “Please don’t kill me, Jaina. I came all this way for you.” She laughed hysterically and turned off her lightsaber. “I thought you were dead.” Tenel Ka raised an eyebrow. “I suspected as much, but I was never on Hosnian Prime. Ta’a Chume meant to strike against the First Order no matter what the conference concluded, and she thought that my skills were better applied elsewhere. I was on Iridonia negotiating a trade agreement — a negotiation I abandoned to come here at once.” “Mom didn’t say.” “The Queen of the Alderaani was already on the Republic base when I arrived, but a heir to a foreign government would be unwelcome there. Your servants did not object to my presence, however, and I remembered your door code.” “Employees, Tenel Ka. They’re employees.” It was an old and familiar complaint. "I comm'd Colonel Fel when I was en-route. He was not on Hosnian Prime either, and his siblings were equally safe. He did not say anything specific about the Empire's plans, but I believe that Soontir Fel and my mother are in rare agreement." It was an odd picture, her girlfriend and her ex comming each other. The Hapans and the Imperials in agreement. "Thank you, Tenel Ka." "You are welcome." Jaina crawled into the bed next to her and wrapped her arms around her. Tenel Ka’s left arm was too short to hold her as she shook, but it was warm against her side; and her right hand rubbed circles into her back. “I am sorry for your loss,” she murmured into Jaina’s hair. “It was Kylo Ren. Jacen killed our father, and Mom still thinks that her golden boy is in there somewhere. She didn’t say, but I know. How can she love him after that?” “We are not parents, and we cannot understand how they think. Even so, we will never be our parents. Queen Leia is wise, but her wisdom hides a stubborn nature and a loving heart. She will not give up on her son until there is no other choice.” “There’s nothing for me to do but wait it out?” “That is not what I meant.” Tenel Ka pressed a kiss to her forehead. “We will fight the First Order, and we will remove their taint from the galaxy. We will win because we have no choice but to win. Their shadow cannot last long. This is a fact.” “Then win we will.” Jaina chuckled humorlessly. They could not afford to wait for Uncle Luke and Aunt Mara, not anymore. Wasn’t that something? “What are we waiting for?”