He crouched down in the doorway, trying to get away from the rain as best as possible. He wasn’t even supposed to be here. He was supposed to be on the Finalizer ; he was supposed to be returning the universe to its rightful state. Instead, he was in a strange new place where the Force was so weak it was like it wasn’t even there. And, the worst part, he was trapped in the body of some creature. He growled – a strange sound that came from a different part in his throat than it used to – when some errant drops hit him, a shiver running down his body as the fuzz covering him became even damper. He closed his eyes; hoping meditation – even in this ridiculous body – would help him put the cold out of his mind as it had on the Finalizer . At least there he had layers covering him to keep him warm. “Hi kitty,” a light, feminine voice caught his attention. “What are you doing out here?” He looked over to see a girl with light auburn hair – even here he couldn’t get away from redheads – with an umbrella held over her creeping slowly towards him. Kitty? Is that what he was? What a stupid name for such a useless creature. The umbrella soon covered them both as she leaned over him; she reached out her hand slowly, almost hesitantly, towards him. He hissed and backed up. How dare she try to touch him? Did she even know who he was? Of course not. He’s a ‘kitty’. “It’s okay,” she cooed. “I’m not going to hurt you. I just want to get you out of the rain; you wanna come home with me?” He looked at her through narrowed eyes, conflicting thoughts running through his head. A house, warm and dry, would be nice – but he had no idea who this person was. Would she even be able to protect him while he remained in this body? “Are you hungry?” She went on. “I have some food.” Well, that did it. He was hungry, wet, and cold. And, if anything else, he could always run off if she turned out to be poor protection for the Master of the Knights of Ren. He purposefully didn’t think about his lack of destination to run off to. Once again, she reached out her hand towards him and he fought against his stiff muscles to meet her halfway. The pads of her fingers passed through the fuzz on his head as she touched him. Okay, that wasn’t terrible. “Meow,” he mewed, blinking rapidly at the strange noise that came from his new mouth. She giggled as she scooped him up, tucking him into her coat. “Let’s go, then.” He tried to follow along with the street signs and buildings that they passed by – if he had to run, it would help if he at least had an idea of where to go. But the names were so unfamiliar and the building’s so foreign that the image of them slipped from his mind as soon as they were passed by. She brought him to a nondescript building and climbed too many flights of stairs that even he thought was inhumane. She turned a key in the lock to her door – such an archaic method of entry – and slid the door aside to reveal a space larger than he would imagine a person of her standing to own. It was essentially a single room – the living area and the kitchen were combined, the bedroom area separated by a panel of glass frames, and a curtain was pulled halfway around an odd variation of a refresher. Was she not wealthy enough to afford walls? She set him down on the floor as she slid her umbrella into a cylindrical holder and kicked her boots off. He padded around, looking at the strange things littering her home, taking note of the stairwell outside of the windows in case he needed to make an escape. There were colored cans and blank squares mixed in with squares with images on them, wooden frames and dirtied sheets scattered in a single area. His route towards them was cut off as a towel was thrown over him and she began rubbing him through the material, drying him off. A vibration began in his throat – what this what ‘kitties’ did when things felt good? Odd. “I know you can’t really understand me,” the girl began – he wished he could laugh; if only she knew – as she rubbed the towel over him. “But you should stay away from my painting stuff. That could poison you if you licked or chewed it, little one.” Poison? Painting? He understood one of those words. Once she deemed him dry enough, she picked him up again and carried him to the kitchen area. There was a long countertop with two large sinks – one with dishes in it, the other covered in colored splatters – that she placed him on. As she moved towards the cabinets on the opposite side of the counter, he began licking his feet. By the Maker. What the hell was that? Is that what ‘kitties’ do? Lick themselves? Disgusting. “I don’t have any cat food,” she remarked as she dug through the cabinets, “Aha! But, I do have some tuna!” She produced a small round can and lifted a tab on the top, pulling back the lid on the can. Whatever tuna was, it smelled pretty good. The contents were dumped onto a small plate and she placed it in front of him, and he wasted no time digging in. It tasted different to what he was used to, but it tasted good to his new tongue. “You poor thing,” she cooed, stroking down his back, “you must’ve been so hungry.” A small bowl, this one filled with water, was set next to the food. He turned as he walked away, keeping an eye on her as he continued to eat. She was tidying up her painting area – as much as she could with all the disarray. No…she wasn’t cleaning. She was picking up a wooden frame and setting a blank square on it. He watched and figured out what ‘painting’ meant. She took the colored liquid from the cans and used a bristly stick to put the images on the blank squares. Was that what constituted as a job in this place? When the tuna was gone and he’d had his fill of water, he maneuvered himself off the countertop and onto the chair nearby, finally hopping onto the floor. Even though this body was small, it was fairly nimble. He padded over to her as she sat on a small bench in front of the square and leapt up to sit next to her. “We need to give you a name,” she mused, dragging the bristly stick across the canvas and leaving a trail of orange in its wake. “How about Poe?” He hissed and growled. There was no way he’d be named after the Resistance pilot. Was she with the Resistance?? “Okay, I guess you’re not a fan of Edgar Allen Poe,” she sniffed. “How about Midnight? No, too common. Dracula? Eh.” He had no idea who she was talking about, but it was clear that she was not with the Resistance. At least he could relax on that front. “I’ll think about it,” she hummed. “Maybe once I get to know your personality better, naming you will be easier.” And so he watched, mesmerized, as she painted. They didn’t have things like that in his world. Every now and then she’d stroke his fur, being careful not to get his fuzz dirty. When she was finished and had scrubbed the dried color off her arms, she scooped him up once again – did she not realize he could walk? – and brought him to her bed. He wasn’t a cuddler – he didn’t like to be touched at all – but he couldn’t find it in him to pull away when she pulled him under the covers and snuggled him to her side. The blanket was pulled up so his head was sticking out, and the warmth of the bed and his stomach full of food brought sleep on him quickly. Chapter 2 He was warm. So warm. He squeezed his eyes closed even more and shifted in the bed. His bed seemed a lot more comfortable than he was used to. He took a deep breath – even the air smelled different – and then stiffened as he felt an arm circle his waist. His eyes flew open, ready to attack whoever had invaded his quarters and his bed. Shit ! The woman from his dream – clearly not a dream, after all – was lying there beside him. He must’ve, somehow, turned back to his human self. And he was naked. The how and why wasn’t important, not as important as why he was still in this strange world. Please don’t wake up. Please don’t wake up . He repeated in his mind as he tried to crawl out from under her arm without waking her. He wasn’t sure if he could use the Force to compel her to stay asleep, and he wasn’t about to waste time trying to see if he could. But she stirred anyways, her hands coming to rub the sleep out of her eyes and squinted in his direction. And she screamed, a loud shriek that made him wince and fall off the bed. “Who the hell are you?” She demanded, scrambling off her bed. “Why are you in my house?!” He scrambled up, grabbing a pillow to cover himself, to explain. Except, he had no idea what his explanation would be. “Wait, don’t I know you?” She asked, her eyes narrowing for mere moments before they shot wide open. “Oh my god, you’re Adam Driver! How did you get in my house? You have a wife! How did you get that scar? And where is my cat?!” “I am your cat,” he spoke slowly, sounding unsure even of himself. “You’re a crazy person.” She snapped. “I’m calling the police.” She began to walk away, but he instinctively used the Force – however weak it was in this world – to hold her back. He wasn’t one of the most powerful force users of his time for nothing. “What the hell is going on?” She hissed, staring down at her unmoving limbs. “Listen closely,” he began, walking around to face her while keeping the pillow in place. “My name is Kylo Ren –” “Kylo Ren is a made up character from the Star Wars franchise.” She interrupted. “Nice try, you lunatic!” He opened his mouth to respond but stopped. Something was wrong. He coughed, then heaved, and turned back into a cat once again. “Funny, I don’t remember taking any hallucinogenics,” she muttered, her limbs now free, staring down at the black cat that was standing in place of the man. “But I must’ve because that’s the only explanation for all this.” He meowed. “What?” He meowed again. “What, dude? I don’t speak cat.” She groaned, lifting up to cradle her aching head in her hand. “Okay, so you’re Kylo Ren, a fictional person from a fictional universe that’s somehow in my apartment and can turn into a cat. I guess this is that point in every artist’s career where they go spiraling downwards into madness. Well, at least my paintings will be worth more.” The cat – Kylo – meowed at her again. But this time, he turned and padded over to the kitchen. Oh, he was hungry. She rolled her eyes and followed behind him, grabbing another can of tuna and a bowl of water, setting the plate and bowl in front of Kylo – this time on the floor. “Well, at least I can tell you to stay away from certain things and know you’ll understand,” she remarked, giving a small whine and dropping her head. “I don’t even understand all this. I mean, how did you even get here? And as a cat, no less?” Kylo looked up from his meal and shook his head. He didn’t know either. “Oh my god, this is so weird,” she groaned, rubbing her temples. “Well, can you control being a cat and…not a cat?” He shook his head, returning to his food. Apparently, the conversation was over. Her cell phone rang as she walked around the island countertop and grabbed a mug from one of the cabinets. She answered the call and put it on speaker, setting it down on the counter as Kylo leapt up to see where the noise was coming from. “Mina!” The voice chirped on the other end of the call. “I’ve got some good news!” Kylo stared at the device, his head tilted to the side. Was this world not advanced enough to have holographic communications? “Oh yeah,” Mina replied, pouring water into a teapot and putting it on the stove to heat up. “I could use some good news.” “Eesh, rough night?” The voice wondered. “Weird morning,” Mina corrected. “The news?” “Oh, right!” The voice giggled. “I have a buyer for that southern gothic-inspired tryptic you did.” “Really? That’s awesome!” “There’s just one catch,” the voice continued hesitantly. “The guy wants to have dinner with you.” “Well tell him no,” Mina instructed, a sour expression on his face. “I don’t want to have to entertain some artist groupie and I don’t need a sponsor, if that’s what he’s thinking.” “I’m sure he just thinks you’re pretty,” the voice placated. Mina snorted. “Oh yeah? Has he even seen my face?” The voice was silent for a moment. “I’ll tell him you respectfully decline his dinner invitation.” “That’s one way of putting it,” Mina muttered. “Anyways, thanks for letting me know.” “Not a prob!” The voice practically smiled, and the call disconnected. Mina looked over to see Kylo looking at her expectantly. “That was the owner of the gallery where some of my art is displayed. They sometimes facilitate deals between the artist and the buyer for a small commission.” Kylo grunted. He understood…sort of. Her profession didn’t exist in his world – at least from what he knew. “Well,” Mina sighed, grabbing her mug and walking around the counter to her work area, “not all of us can lay around all day. Some of us have to work.” He snorted – as well as his new nose could let him. In his world he worked, his work was his life. It was so strange to be in a world where he was not only separated from his work, but where he was unable to do anything of use at all. Now, all he could do was just as she said: just lay around all day. So he did, and watched her work. She surrounded herself with strange tools and materials and began building something. That was all he could describe it as until he saw it take shape. What was that? What was that? His tail was moving without his permission. First he licks himself without thinking and now his tail was moving. Kitties were so odd. He heard a snort and he whipped around to see Mina smirking at him from her place on the floor. “Y’okay there?” He narrowed his eyes at her. Did she expect him to respond? Instead, he hopped off his spot on the couch and trotted up beside her, swatting one of the tools away. She pursed her lips at him and fished it back with her foot. “Rude.” She muttered. Kylo sniffed and meowed. See? He could do something. “Do you even know what I’m doing?” She smirked at him. He shook his head – he had no idea. “I’m stretching canvases. That’s what these squares and rectangles are canvases; the fabric is stretched over a wood frame like this and then I use this thing, called a staple gun, to keep the fabric in place. Once it’s done I paint on them and make masterpieces.” Kylo nodded, observing her for a few more moments before padding over to the corner where she kept her finished and in-progress works. He wasn’t able to say if they were good or bad – he had no prior knowledge to base an opinion on – but she must be pretty well liked since someone bought one of her paintings. He wondered if any of these would be displayed in that gallery place she was talking about earlier. He heard Mina groan loudly, falling back against the floor – the final finished canvas at her feet and the staple gun clunking to the floor. “As much as it saves me money to stretch my own instead of buying them, I hate doing it.” She grumbled, fumbling for her phone. “Holy crap! It’s past lunchtime! Aren’t you hungry?” And so he watched her make her lunch, make his, and then get back to her work once they’d finished eating. Painting was weird, the trails of the colored liquid being left behind by the bristled tool she used. But, in the silence, a quiet revelation passed over him. He found the monotony fascinating. The Finalizer was always abuzz with one mission or the other, and though he had no doubt that this universe was just as much in need of order as his own, he found himself somewhat enjoying finally being able to fully distance himself from the white noise of the Force and – dare he say it – relax . He watched her work, watched her make dinner – just watched because the only other thing to do would be to sleep. He wondered what actual kitties in this world do in their daily lives. And after they ate dinner, he curled up against the couch as they watched a movie – he blamed his urge to cuddle on the weird, hard-wired impulses of his new body. He watched the movie she put on – Mina making a conscious decision to stay away from anything involving space or wars – not really understanding the reference to their culture that she laughed at. The vibration of her giggles was somewhat similar to the thrum of the Finalizer ’s engines and he found his eyes closing. Mina’s own tiredness crept upon her and with a quick readjustment she settled in for a pre-bed nap. She’d totally wake up in a half hour to go to sleep in her own bed. But Mina’s eyes snapped open when she felt the weight on her chest change as cat Kylo turned back into a human. He was lying on top of her. And, holy shit, he was naked.