An Unusual Assignment Everyone has to start out somewhere. At least, that’s what you kept reminding yourself as you reluctantly trudged down the hall to begin your assignment. You didn’t expect to come aboard and immediately begin a heroic rise through the ranks of command, but this is not what you imagined yourself doing. You were an officer, after all. Granted, you only recently graduated from the Academy, and you were most certainly not the top of your class. You noticed quite soon after your arrival upon the Finalizer that you were one of few who could not boast of exemplary marks that bordered on genius or a lineage of Imperial command. You signed on to work as a communications officer, but so far most of your time had been spent learning the ropes. The training period was much longer than you anticipated, the cause seemingly being the General’s expectations for perfection and overbearing attention to detail. In your time on the Finalizer, you had only seen General Hux on two occasions so far, and on both of those occasions he terrified you. He didn’t do anything in particular to frighten you, such as yell at an officer. He didn’t seem like the type to yell, anyway. No, Hux seemed more like the cold, calculating sort of person. Anger was venturing more into Commander Ren’s territory, and from what you had heard from the other officers, those two were far from friends. The General’s demeanor was what scared you. He was as stiff and emotionless as the durasteel walls of the ship. Every part of his appearance was immaculate, from his neatly combed red hair to the tips of his glistening black boots. Such perfection made it clear that he would not tolerate any error, no matter how small, from any of his inferior officers. That was what frightened you. Making mistakes wasn’t part of your plan, but you knew you were going to mess up eventually. When something inevitably did go wrong, you knew you would not be able to appeal to the General’s emotions to keep your job. Any other superior officer would be understanding, you knew, but not General Hux. That’s why you had been terrified when you had been given your new assignment. It did not replace your duties in communications, but rather existed in addition to them. You had been delegated the task by the officer you reported to directly, who had apparently been given the orders by one of his superiors. You wondered who exactly had been given the original command. You shrugged. It didn’t matter. You were the one stuck doing it. Your boots clicked on the metal floors as you made your way down the hallways of the Finalizer. You had never been in this part of the ship. It was for authorized personnel only, and you were far too low ranking to have any type of authorization. However, on this occasion, you had been given permission to venture into this sector. You stopped in front of a door that looked exactly like every single other one in the entire corridor. Was it the right one? You wouldn’t know until you punched in the code. You held your breath as you typed the numbers on the keypad. Aha! The doors slid open, granting you access. You weren’t sure what you had been expecting from the room, but it didn’t look all that different from your quarters, despite being considerably larger and cleaner. It was exactly like the man who usually occupied it. The only touch of personalization was a shelf full of books in a variety of different languages – all of them about the history of the Galactic Empire or military strategy. “Here, kitty!” you called out, venturing in farther. “Here…” You looked at the instructions you had been given on your datapad. “Here, Millicent!” You spent the next minute or so looking everywhere you could think of that a cat might hide: behind the couch, in the empty spaces on the bookshelf, under the bed. It seemed like such an odd assignment. General Hux had left earlier that morning on the Command Shuttle on a mission to Starkiller, and you had been assigned, or rather delegated, to take care of his cat in his absence. The more you thought about it, the more ridiculous it seemed. At some point you came to the realization that someone was pulling a cruel prank on you. Of course Hux didn’t own a cat. It didn’t make sense for someone so stiff and practical to own something as frivolous as a pet. Besides, he definitely wasn’t the nurturing type. You couldn’t picture him taking care of another living thing voluntarily. He barely held his fellow man in any kind of regard. Someone had set you up. You had clearly been given instructions so you would be caught in the command sector without authorization. You sat down on the edge of the bed, and tears began to well up in your eyes. You were close to crying when you felt something brush up against your leg. A cat! Rubbing against your ankles was a slender orange tabby. You had no idea where she came from, but you had never been happier to see any sort of animal before. “Hello there,” you cooed, reaching down to scratch the top of her head. “You must be Millicent.” So your assignment obviously wasn’t a joke. That didn’t make it any less bizarre. You pulled the cat into your lap and stroked her smooth fur, relieved that you weren’t being tricked. In an odd sort of way, Millicent looked quite a bit like her owner. She had sleek ginger fur than was strikingly similar to General Hux’s carefully slicked back red hair. She even carried herself the same way, self-assuredly with her head held high. Unlike the General, however, she was quite an affectionate individual. You couldn’t help but giggle when Millicent nuzzled her little face into your neck. This was one assignment you were going to enjoy. *** You quickly developed a routine. Each morning you paid a quick visit to Millicent to feed her and clean out her litter box before reporting to the communications sector for your actual job. After your duties were finished for the day, you dropped in again to provide her with some company and brush her fur. You also stopped by at breaks and meals because, as much as you hated to admit it, you were rather fond of General Hux’s cat. In fact, you realized that you might be sad when he returned and your services were no longer required. Maybe it was wishful thinking, but you thought that Millicent might miss you too after the time you had spent together. One night you were lying on your stomach in the floor of the General’s quarters, dangling a piece of string in front of the orange kitten when the vacuum-like sound of a blast door opening caught your attention. “Who are you, and what are you doing in my quarters?” an angry voice demanded. You craned neck to look behind you and saw that it was none other than General Hux himself. You immediately jumped to your feet and saluted him with your right hand, the string still dangling from your left. “Officer (L/N), sir,” you reported. “At ease, Officer (L/N). I’ll ask you again. What are you doing in my quarters? You do not have authorization to be in this part of the ship. Explain yourself.” “I-I’m here on assignment, s-sir.” You forgot how much he terrified you. How did Millicent put up with him? “And what exactly might that assignment be?” he scowled. “I’ve, um… I’ve been taking care of your cat, sir.” “You?” He seemed genuinely surprised and… embarrassed? “Yes, sir.” “How were you assigned this task? I told Captain Phasma to watch Millicent for me.” “Well…” you began the long list the job passed through. “Captain Phasma gave the job to a lieutenant – Mitaka, I believe – who is allergic to cats, so he passed it to another lieutenant, who passed it to the superior officer I report to, who passed it to me.” Millicent noticed that you were still holding the string and began to jump and bat at it, attempting to play. Absentmindedly, you picked her up and held her against your chest where she began to purr contently. “Millicent certainly seems to be fond of you,” he acknowledged. “You must have taken good care of her.” It must have been a trick of the light or a wish-fulfilling hallucination. There was no way what you were seeing was real. Was the General actually smiling? If he was, it was just barely – more of a satisfied grin than an expression of happiness. Still, it was something you doubted many people aboard the Finalizer had ever seen. You noticed that it made him appear less threatening. In fact, he was rather handsome when he didn’t have a giant scowl plastered across his face. “Well, sir, I enjoyed doing it,” you admitted. “Millicent is a very well behaved feline.” “Yes she is, isn’t she?” he agreed with what sounded like pride in his voice, looking down at the cat in your arms. His eyes snapped back up to meet yours and he resumed his usual tone of voice. “The next time I leave on the Command Shuttle, Officer (L/N), it will be your duty to look after her again.” “Yes, sir. It would be my pleasure.” Chapter 2 : An Unconventional Encounter Summary: You resume your assignment of watching General Hux's cat in his absence. When he returns earlier than expected, you are in for a surprise. Notes: This chapter is basically casual Hux fluff. My heart melted a little bit when I was writing it. Less than a month after your encounter with Hux, you received word from your supervisor that you were to resume your duties in caring for Millicent while General Hux was on Starkiller Base, where he would be spending a considerable amount of time. The base was nearly operational, so he was busy finalizing the plans for it to be tested. You weren’t sure how long he would be gone. “Hello there, Millicent!” you called when you entered the General’s empty quarters. The slender tabby slunk out from behind the sleek black sofa and meowed cheerfully, running to rub against your ankles. She clearly remembered you. “How are you today, pretty girl?” Millicent was quite a loving cat. She constantly wanted attention, but not in a touch-starved way like you had originally assumed. She was very clear about letting you know exactly how she wanted to be scratched of petted. Hux must have been very affectionate towards her – a fact that surprised you a great deal. You were learning all sorts of things about the General. “Is the General a good owner, Milly?” you asked her, lying on your back on the metal floor with her curled up in a ball on your stomach. You hadn’t yet grown comfortable with the idea sitting on Hux’s sofa. To your dismay, she offered no response. “Does he love you a lot?” you questioned in a baby voice, waving her front paws around. “Does he pet you and give you little kitty snuggles?” You tried to picture the General of the First Order holding the little orange feline and kissing her tiny nose. It wasn’t an image your mind could conjure easily. You couldn’t even imagine what Hux would look like in a nonprofessional setting. He surely owned casual clothing, but your brain refused to consider him in anything other than his uniform. You made excuses to visit Millicent multiple times a day. Whenever you got a moment away from your regular duties, you found yourself walking to the General’s quarters to see your furry friend. A couple of times you accidentally missed dinner because you were too busy playing with her. Who would have thought that you would care so much about an animal that belonged to someone else? After one of the occasions that you remembered to eat dinner, you made your way back to the Command Sector of the ship and punched the entrance code into the keypad. Huh, that was strange. The lights were still on. You could have sworn you turned them off before you left. With a shrug, you entered. You had to blink several times to make sure what you were seeing was real. General Hux was seated with his legs tucked underneath him at the end of the couch, wrapped in a blanket with Millicent seated on the back of the sofa beside his head. In his hands was one of the many military history books that lined his shelves. His mouth was moving, but it took you a moment to process exactly what he was saying. He was reading what was written on the pages out loud to his cat. “’ The first Death Star had a glaring weakness in its design, making its destruction inevitable once the enemy came into possession of the plans.’ See, Millicent, here’s a picture of it.” He held the book up over his shoulder so she could look at the diagram, and she playfully batted at the page. He smiled – a real, genuine smile – and laughed before continuing his reading. For the first time, you saw the General for what he really was: a man. Somehow it had slipped your mind during every one of your encounters with him that Hux was an actual human man. His rigid demeanor didn’t allow you to see him as anything but the title he bore, which you suddenly realized was completely intentional. It struck you that you were never supposed to see him in such a vulnerable state. It could tarnish the respect you had for him as the most superior officer aboard the Finalizer. You stood in the doorway for quite some time watching the scene play out until General Hux noticed your presence and rose to stand. Without the blanket wrapped around his shoulders, you could see that he was not in uniform. He still wore the black uniform pants you were used to seeing him in, but on top he only wore a plain black t-shirt. Also missing from the ensemble was the pair of shiny black boots that always made his footsteps echo when he walked through the corridors of the ship. “Officer (L/N), is there a reason you are in my quarters?” His voice was firm and articulate, despite his casual appearance and the slight reddish tinge to his cheeks. “Sir, I was not informed that you had returned to the Finalizer.” You immediately saluted him. “I was just completing my duties. I meant no intrusion, sir.” Noticing that she was no longer the center of attention, Millicent hopped up from her leisurely position on the back of the couch and made her way over to where you and General Hux stood and began crying out loudly. He sighed and made a move to pick her up, but she darted away and began weaving between your ankles, rubbing up against your calves. She stood up on her hind legs and pawed at your knees, urging you to lift her. You obliged and scooped her up in your arms. “All of Millicent’s basic needs have already been taken care of,” Hux pointed out. He was right. You had fed and cleaned up after her that morning. “Well, sir, I thought…” “At ease, officer,” he ordered, noticing you were still saluting him with on hand while you held Millicent with the other. “I think I know why you’re here.” “Sir?” you asked, blushing. Why did he think you were in his quarters? “As I said the last time I found you here, Millicent seems rather fond of you. I think you might be partial to her yourself.” “She’s a lovely cat, sir,” you heard yourself saying to him. She’s a lovely cat? Your red cheeks deepened a shade. Of all the responses you could have made, you chose the one that made you sound like an imbecile. “I agree completely,” he said with a smirk, reaching out to scratch the feline’s ears. It took a moment for you to realize that his agreement was with your praise of Millicent and not your self-deprecating internal monologue. It was so odd to see the General of the First Order in this context. He still held firmly to all of the regular formalities, but you couldn’t overlook the way he was dressed. Seeing him out of uniform gave you a whole new perspective. “This encounter should not affect the way you address me or interact with me in a professional setting,” he informed you, as if he could read your mind. He couldn’t, of course. Kylo Ren was the only person on the ship who had the ability to do that. “First and foremost, I am your commanding officer. Regardless, because you obviously enjoy Millicent’s company and she seems to enjoy yours quite a bit as well, I will allow you to visit her on a nonprofessional basis. I dare say she would appreciate the extra attention.” Chapter 3 : A Rude Awakening Summary: You have an unexpected encounter with General Hux. Notes: Sorry it took so long for this update, guys. I've been busy with midterm papers and just recently got over a bout of the flu. My fist priority was my Obi-Wan fic because I already had most of my next chapter finished for that one. Never fear, though, because I would never forget about everyone's favorite angry space officer. Here's the new chapter you've been waiting for! One night you lay awake in bed thinking about the General’s words and seriously considered taking a trip to the command sector. Being able to see Millicent whenever you wanted initially sounded like a dream come true. You imagined snuggling up with the ginger cat after a stressful day. You didn’t take into account at the time, though, that going to play with Millicent meant going to General Hux’s quarters. While that didn’t bother you when he was away on Starkiller Base, it was another matter entirely when he was present on the ship. You knew you would never be able to walk up and knock on Hux’s door and ask to enter, even if you had permission to do so. He still intimidated you, even after you had seen him out of uniform and even after you had seen him behaving affectionately towards his pet. It was ridiculous! The man read out loud to his cat, and still he was the most formidable person you had ever met. If you made one wrong move, he had the power to end your career… or worse. It was almost scarier knowing that he was a just regular person when he had free time. The man who read books on the sofa while wrapped up in a blanket was also the commanding officer who could silence an entire room just by entering. The man who named his cat Millicent was also the one who was close to wielding the power to blow up entire star systems, wiping out every last trace of life. How could two such different personalities exist within the same exterior? The more you considered this, the more curious you became about who General Hux really was. You would never find out by asking the other officers. They had only ever experienced the side of him that monitored their work with a meticulous eye and criticized even the tiniest mistakes. There was only one person who could teach you anything of value about the true character of the General, and that was Hux himself. Considering the fact that you avoided speaking to him on a professional basis, you couldn’t possibly imagine asking him to reveal the finer points of his nature as a person. You weighed your options, deciding eventually that it was far too late to go knocking on the General’s door. He was surely sleeping, and the last thing you wanted to do was disturb him. Besides, you didn’t want to do anything that would sour his mood and cause everyone on the ship to suffer. He was grouchy enough after a decent amount of sleep, and you had no desire to experience his demeanor when he hadn’t gotten his beauty rest. You were beginning to doze off yourself when you heard muffled shouting in the hallway outside your door. Grumbling discontentedly under your breath, you dragged yourself out of bed. The shock of your bare feet hitting the cold metal floor jolted you out of your unalert state, and you made your way to the door, where you poked your head out into the hallway to see what all the ruckus was about. “…not my fault. If you would keep it on a leash,” a voice obscured by a vocoder intoned, “this wouldn’t even be a problem.” “Not your fault?” you heard the incredulous voice of General Hux scoff. “Every bit of this is your fault , and I fully expect you to fix your little mistake.” “Like I said, a leash would…” that metallic voice began. “I’m not going to put a cat on a leash, Ren. That’s preposterous.” “Not as preposterous as keeping a cat on a warship in the first place." Your eyes landed on the pair arguing. General Hux was standing several feet down the hall with his back to you, speaking to a man wearing a mask and dark robes – Kylo Ren. “You’re the one who let her out, Ren. If you don’t find her, I’ll…” “Don’t make threats you can’t hope to deliver on, Hux,” Commander Ren tutted. “Empty promises are not befitting someone of your rank.” “All I’m asking is for you to find the damn cat. Can’t you use the Force for this sort of thing?” “It doesn’t work on cats,” Ren stated, the smirk on his face apparent despite the fact that his face was entirely obscured by his mask. “Find her,” the General growled. “Or else.” Kylo Ren turned on his heel and stormed off down the hall. General Hux turned with a heavy sigh and froze, surprise momentarily evident on his stoic face upon seeing your head sticking out into the corridor. “Officer (L/N),” he nodded in acknowledgement. “Good evening, General.” You saluted your superior. “At ease, officer. What are you doing awake at this hour? This had better not interfere with your work tomorrow. I expect all of my communications officers to be working at their peak performances at all times. Staying up after hours is hardly a way to maintain a proper work ethic.” “I was just in bed, sir,” you explained. “I heard a commotion in the hallway and decided to investigate.” “I see. Officer (L/N), there is a small problem I believe you may be able to help me with.” “Sir?” “Commander Ren paid a visit to my quarter earlier today and allowed Millicent to escape. I’ve been searching for her with no luck. Is there any chance you’ve seen her?” “No, sir.” “Are you sure?” he asked. “Yes, sir,” you assured him, “I’m positive.” You surely would have remembered if you saw an orange tabby cat wandering the bleak gray halls of the Finalizer. Any sign of life aside from Stormtroopers and First Order officers was so rare that it was sure to draw a large amount of attention. Frankly, you were surprised that you hadn’t spent the whole day hearing reports of a living creature loose in the ship. “Millicent is friendly, but she isn’t likely to approach someone she doesn’t know if she thinks they’re trying to catch her. She seems to trust you quite a bit, Officer (L/N),” General Hux acknowledged. “Perhaps you can help me find her.” Chapter 4 : A Nighttime Mission Summary: You and General Hux begin a two-person search party. Millicent makes a new friend. Notes: I hope you're all enjoying this! I love to get feedback and hear what you guys have to say, so feel free to leave comments. I try to respond to all of the comments and usually reply within a day. You were taken aback by his request. Though the General’s voice was still authoritative, it didn’t sound like a command. You had never before heard the man give an instruction that was not a direct order. Still, you were in no position to refuse an officer as high-ranking as Hux. “Of course, sir,” you told him. “I’ll help you look for Millicent. Just let me change clothes first, and I…” “There’s no time for that, officer,” he huffed, waving his hand dismissively in your direction. “We must find Millicent before she gets into something that could hurt her. Almost everyone is asleep at this hour, and you are not currently on duty. Protocol dictates that you need not be in uniform. Besides, you look fine.” Had you heard that right? The stiff practicality and logic were all Hux, but he had also commented on your appearance. Of course, he had only said that you looked fine , but the General might as well have said you were positively resplendent. It was such an out of character thing for him to say, especially considering that you were wearing sweatpants and a long-sleeved shirt, both in regulation black. “Can I at least put some shoes on, sir?” you asked. He looked down at your bare feet and frowned. “Yes, I suppose that would be in order. Do it quickly, though.” He certainly was in a hurry to find his cat, you mused as you searched your room briefly for your shoes. It made sense though, you noted as you spotted your uniform boots and pulled them on. Millicent was probably the only thing the General cared about besides the First Order. When you stepped back out into the hallway, the General was standing with his arms crossed, tapping his foot impatiently on the metal floor. His face softened from his typically severe countenance into an expression that looked almost like a smile. You realized with some embarrassment that he was laughing at your appearance. You looked ridiculous in your pajamas and boots, your hair still a mess from tossing and turning in bed. “Okay,” you spoke up, causing his face to return to its usual state of austerity. “Let’s go find ourselves a cat.” Let’s go find ourselves a cat? You groaned internally, gaze falling to the floor. That was no way to address a superior officer, especially a general. Such language was far too casual, and you didn’t even call him sir. When you looked back up, you were surprised to see General Hux’s mouth turn up at one corner, hinting at another grin. “After you, officer.” He extended a hand and gestured to the empty halls, inviting you to lead the way. It was an odd experience to be placed in charge of the situation. Instead of feeling powerful leading your superior, you felt unsure and a little nauseous. What if you made a mistake? You had seen his reaction to the errors of your colleagues. What would he do if you screwed up a task as important to him as finding the one creature in the universe he actually cared for? More confusingly, why was he choosing to follow you ? You wandered the halls rather aimlessly for a while, scanning your periphery for any signs of movement that might indicate the presence of the missing feline, darting into rooms she might have slipped into. Each time you came to a door you weren’t personally authorized to enter but that there was a possibility Millicent could have snuck in, the General punched in his access code. When you paused anxiously outside the door the first time, he ushered you inside and assured you that the reason you weren’t authorized was merely as a matter of protocol, not because the rooms contained any kind of sensitive information. He wouldn’t let you in if there were a legitimate reason you weren’t allowed inside. Wherever Millicent was, she must have been well-hidden. There was no hint of her presence anywhere. “Sir,” you addressed General Hux nervously as you walked, unsure if you were permitted to speak under such circumstances. “Yes, (L/N)?” “I thought perhaps that we should come up with a strategy for our search.” “What would you suggest?” His voice lacked some of its usual coldness, and the tone was not condescending as it normally was. He sounded like he genuinely wanted to hear your ideas. “Well, sir, I thought that we could divide the work to save time. You’re pretty tall, so you can reach higher than me and see over things I can’t. You could check high places inside the rooms like on shelves or in high cabinets vents. I’m considerably shorter than you, so I’ll search low. I can check under furniture and stuff like that. That way we’ll be thorough, and we won’t waste time checking in the same places as each other.” You waited tensely for him to criticize your plan. “I don’t think that will make much of a difference.” You frowned at his words. You knew he would dismiss your plan as childish, but it still hurt a little bit to hear him say it out loud. You were mentally berating yourself for saying anything at all when he continued, “Every little change that garners efficiency will help, though. Good thinking, officer.” Again, that small hint of a grin tugged at the corner of his mouth. While your face remained impassive, pride welled up within you at your superior’s compliment as you implemented the new strategy as you searched. Once, you caught yourself staring at General Hux as he reached over his head to open a cabinet. His lithe form was stretched out, making him look taller and more formidable than usual. He really was an enigma to you. No matter how hard you tried, you just couldn’t understand the man. Back in the corridors of the Finalizer, you continued your mission to find Millicent. You halted in your tracks when you heard voices coming from around the corner to the right. “I’m sorry. It won’t happen again. I promise!” a man panicked. “You’re absolutely right,” a cold, electronically modulated voice replied. “It won’t.” General Hux nudged your shoulder gently and whispered, gesturing in the direction opposite of where the sounds of conversation originated. “Let’s go the other way.” He wanted to avoid Kylo Ren – something you understood completely. The Commander scared you senseless, but you couldn’t imagine Hux feeling afraid of anything, or feeling any sort of emotion at all for that matter. It was well known that the two didn’t like each other, but this seemed a little childish. Was their rivalry really so petty? As you followed Hux down the other hallway, you looked back at Kylo Ren, who was yelling at an inferior officer about something you thought was probably inconsequential, his hand twitching by his side where you knew his lightsaber was located. His back was to you, making him look like a terrifying pillar of black fabric. Your gaze dropped to the floor where you saw something small and orange standing out against the dark material. “General!” you gasped, stopping in your tracks. “What is it, (L/N)?” He neither turned around nor ceased his forward motion. “I think we should go the other way, sir.” “Absolutely not.” You rushed to catch up with him. “General,” you tugged at his sleeve, urging him to turn around, “look.” He froze in his tracks and looked down at your hand on his arm. His eyes narrowed, and you had the distinct feeling in your gut that he was going to yell at you – or possibly hit you. How could you be so thoughtless as to lay a hand on your superior officer? When he looked up at you, though, you realized there was no anger in his expression. Instead, he seemed to be observing you curiously, and with some embarrassment, you realized that you were still holding his sleeve between your fingers. “It’s Millicent,” you explained, removing your hand and pointing in the right direction. While Kylo Ren continued to shout at the poor officer who had the misfortune to make a mistake, the ginger tabby cat was snuggling up in the dark material of his robes, wrapping herself up in the fabric that brushed against the ground. A look of abject horror was plastered across General Hux’s face, and you tried to stifle a laugh as you watched the scenario unfold before you. Unbeknownst to the Commander, Millicent had made a new friend. Chapter 5 : An Unpleasant Conversation Summary: You have an unpleasant encounter with Kylo Ren. Notes: It's been awhile since the last update, and I'm sorry for that. I was finishing up my Obi-Wan fic (the last chapter will be posted soon) and working on my Anakin AU story. Thanks for waiting! “What do we do?” you asked, your voice a whisper as you and General Hux peered around the corner. Millicent appeared to be perfectly content snuggling up to an oblivious Kylo Ren, but the thought of it made you nervous. Judging from the sickly sallowness that had risen on the General’s already pale face, it was a sentiment he shared. “You distract Commander Ren,” he ordered. “I’ll grab Millicent.” “I mean no offense, sir, but I think it might be best if we reverse that. You should distract the Commander, and I’ll get the cat.” “And why do you propose that?” “Well,” you nervously admitted, still wary about speaking your mind to the General, “if I were to distract Commander Ren, I could very easily receive punishment. I’m afraid of how he might react to me addressing him directly. He isn’t the friendliest person, as you surely know, sir. He might be more receptive to you, someone of rank, requiring his attention.” Hux sighed impatiently. “Very well, then.” He brushed off the front of his uniform, smoothed back his already impeccably sleek hair, and drew himself up to full height. In just a matter of seconds, he transformed from the man with whom you had genuinely been enjoying yourself into a completely different person who, quite frankly, terrified you. He stalked off down the hallway, each step full of purpose and power. You felt pity on anyone who might dare cross his path. “Ren,” he bellowed, “what is the meaning of this? Why are you harassing one of my officers? Everyone on this ship has a job to do, and you are getting in the way of that.” He turned to the poor man Kylo Ren was yelling at, who looked like he was only moments away from wetting his pants. “Officer, you are dismissed. Return to your post.” When General Hux had engaged the Commander in angry conversation, you took it as your cue to sneak up and get Millicent, who had begun the lengthy process of taking a bath. She was posed with one hind leg in the air, licking her paw clean, when you reached out. The second she realized you were trying to grab her, she immediately darted away, nothing more than a streak of orange fur running down the hallway. You lunged out to try and catch her, slipping on the hem of Kylo’s robe in the process, causing you to fall down and pull the Knight of Ren with you to the floor. You could feel the anger radiating off of the Commander as you rose to your feet and extended a hand to help him up, which he rejected. He stood and stepped close to you, his ominously large figure looming over you. You looked up at him, waiting for him to berate you in front of General Hux, but he remained silent, his stare painfully intense, even though you could not see his eyes. What you could see was your own terrified face reflected in the front of his helmet. Of all the people on the Finalizer you could have knocked down, why did it have to be the one most likely to have you killed for a minor infraction? You could have sworn you heard a huff of laughter filter through his voice modulator. It was then that you realized that the painful stare you were experiencing was the feeling of him entering your mind, shuffling through your thoughts like a deck of playing cards. He could see everything. You knew there was no point in trying to hide anything from him. It would be pointless and only cause you unnecessary pain. You tensed when he stopped on one thought in particular, one you hadn’t even realized existed until that very moment. “Does our esteemed General know about this?” Ren asked you out loud, his voice dripping with sarcasm. Your face burned bright red as you answered him, your eyes darting to Hux, who looked confused by your exchange with the Commander. “No, sir.” “I would recommend keeping it that way, officer. You wouldn’t want to be disappointed, now would you?” You could picture the patronizing smirk that you knew was hidden just behind the black metal. “No, sir?” you replied. Your voice sounded less like a definite reply and more like a lingering question. He leaned forward until he was frighteningly close to you, the front of his mask nearly brushing against the front of your face. “Good answer. Keep in mind that I know everything about you and every other person on this ship. Even what you keep hidden from yourself.” He turned on his heel to walk away but paused in his tracks, glancing over his shoulder at you. “Officer,” he told you coldly, “in the future, I suggest you watch your step a little more carefully, and don’t let me catch you out of uniform again.” The General warily watched Kylo Ren’s retreat down the hall, the way a small animal might keep an eye on a predator lurking nearby. From such a seemingly inconspicuous action, you could tell the two men did not trust each other at all. How did they get any work done with their constant feuding? “We still need to find Millicent,” he informed you stiffly when Ren finally disappeared around a corner. “I haven’t had many opportunities to interact with Commander Ren. Is he usually this…” you searched for a term that would describe the situation you were in without being disrespectful of a superior. “Intense?” Hux suggested. “Yes, almost always. The rest of the time, he’s a sniveling little brat.” You couldn’t believe General Hux was speaking that way about another high-ranking officer of the First Order. It seemed out of character for someone so focused on regulations and efficiency to have such a lapse in decorum. Your shock must have shown on your face because the General made a sound that, if you hadn’t known who he was, could have been mistaken for a laugh. “Don’t look so surprised, officer. It’s not exactly a secret that the Commander and I are far from friends.” “I… I just didn’t expect…” “You didn’t expect me to speak my mind on such a matter,” he supplied. “No, sir.” There was so much that General Hux did that was completely unexpected. Each interaction with him proved to reveal something new about his personality. He wasn’t as heartless as you had grown accustomed to seeing during your daily duties. He was becoming perpetually more confusing to you and so were your emotions towards him. Perhaps Commander Ren was right. Maybe it was best if the General didn’t know what you were thinking.