A bride is not supposed to want to tear apart her own bridal gown until it's fallen in to pieces to the floor, but you do. You're keeping staring at your own reflection in the mirror, and the need to rip off that gown is getting stronger as the time passes. - You're beautiful, (Y/N) - says your stepmother, smiling happily. You hate to admit, but she's right. You certainly look beautiful. Your wedding gown is made by silk, with a long and tight skirt and it is entirely decorated with a lace floral pattern. Your wedding veil is made by lace too, and it is tight around your head just for the silk falling smoothly on your shoulders. General Organa gave you this gown as a special wedding gift. She said she belonged to her mother, and she wore it the day she secretly married young Jedi Anakin Skywalker. You had thanked her but still you feel a little uncomfortable thinking you're going to be dressed up like the woman who married the man who'd have later become Darth Vader, the infamous Sith Lord. Legends tell that in the end he redeemed himself with the help of his son, but many people right know think of him as a monster. Of course, when you told them how you felt about the gown, your father and your stepmother told you that you were a crazy, stupid girl. - The General gave you Senator Padmé Amidala's wedding gown!- your stepmother yelled.- It's a honor for our family! You're going to wore a Queen's gown and marry one of the most important man in the Galaxy! Speaking of this, I'm looking forward to showing it to your groom...I'm sure he'll be pleased. Oh, yes, of course he will be, you think and you can't help grimacing. Your groom is the main reason because you want to tear apart this beautiful dress. Every time you think about it, you feel like you're going to die. You are (Y/N) (Y/S), you are (Y/A) and once you were one of the best pilots of the Resistance. That was just a year ago, before everything changed. The Resistance had fought for many years the First Order, risen from the ashes of the Empire. You were born in a time of war, you could say you don't know what peace is. You should've been happy when General Organa signed an armistice with the First Order. Except you didn't know what it would have meant for you. - I'm so excited for you, (Y/N)!- your stepmother is thrilled. She helps you stepping down from the footstool you were on, and she began unbottoning your gown's laces.- You're going to be married with one of the most important man of the Galaxy!- she's been keeping saying it since the day you were bethrothed, and it's pretty unnerving.- We're going to be one of the most important and respected and richest families ever...I'm so proud of you! You roll your (Y/E/C) eyes, feeling exasperated. - Well, thank you...- you grimace, already knowing she'll miss the sarcasm. It's the first time she says she's proud of you, and she have never told you so many gentle words in a lifetime except in the last six months. - You're welcome, dear. Be careful, you could ruin it... You try to stay quiet and let her unbotton that hateful gown, when suddenly someone knocks the door. You step up from the gown and quickly wear your old trousers and a t-shirt with a jacket. - Yes?- asks your stepmother. - Hey (Y/N), are you there? It's Poe!- says the voice beyond the door. Your stepmother seems to be extremely irritated. She's never liked Poe Dameron. To be honest, she's never liked none of your friends. - (Y/N) is busy, now!- she shouts.- I suggest you to go away and come back another mom... - Here I am, Poe!- you yell, quickly putting on your black boots and running to open the door. Your stepmother snorts. Poe Dameron is standing in front of you, smirking in his usual way. He's a handsome guy, tall and thin, with black hair and dark eyes and tanned skin, but he's also very funny and loyal. You two are good friends. You met each other at the Academy of Pilots when you were younger, and since then you have been inseparable. Poe is a better pilot than you are, but you don't mind; you always liked being his second in command or copilot when you tested a new ship or had to accomplish a mission. You joined the Resistance along with him and your father, and since then you have always worked together. Sometimes your father muttered he would have been happy to have a son-in-law like Poe Dameron, but you know it's never going to happen. You care for him, but you've never been in love with him, and besides you are sure he doesn't feel like this towards you. You're more like a brother and a sister. When your engagement had been formalized, you asked him to be your best man and although he truly didn't like your husband-to-be, he accepted. - So, how's my little bride?- he asks, hugging you.- I hoped to see you in your bridal gown, but apparently I came here too late. By the way, good afternoon, Mrs. (Y/S)...- he says to your stepmother. She ignores him, pretending not to hear him. He rolls his eyes and so do you. - You didn't miss much...- you say, trying to sound cheerful, than you lower your voice.- I look like a big white comfit, if you want to know so badly... - Come on, you can't be so bad... - You're right. I'm worst - you giggle.- By the way, why you're here for? He looks like he's ready to answer your question, but then he closes his mouth and looks at your stepmother. She looks at him, too, and you're sure that if a glimps could kill, both of you were down in your graves by now. Poe clears his voice. - May I speak to your daughter, Mrs. (Y/S)? - (Y/N) is my stepdaughter, Mr. Dameron. And no, you can't. If it's something about my husband, I have the right to know it myself. - Unfortunately, Mrs. (Y/S), we still don't have any news about your husband and the other pilots who left with him - says Poe, and you feel your heart skipping a beat. Your father is (Y/F/N) (Y/F/S) and he's one of the pilots of the Resistance, just like you and Poe were. He's very skilled despite not being in his young age anymore, but now that there's no more Resistance due to the armistice, there are no more mission for you or him to be accomplished. Still, your father and a handful of other former pilots of the Resistance took off with their ships almost a week ago. General Organa seemed not knowing a thing about this unauthorized takeoff, but her husband, Captain Han Solo, did. You and almost everyone in the former Resistance base heard them fighting furiously for all day long about this, but you didn't understand what happened, why your father and other pilots left. Even Poe didn't know anything about this, and he always was well informed about everything regarding the Resistance plans. You can't deny you're worried about your father, but you have faith in him – he's a trained pilot by the way, and now that the war is over there's nothing to fear. It's been a week since your father left, and he sent you two holomessages while away. His hologram said he was fine, but he didn't say where he was or why he left. He only said he would have come back soon, and asked you to be kind with your stepmother. Nothing more. Of course, you are worried, but those holomessages helped you feeling better about your father's fate. It's been three days since he sent you those messages, and now you've no news for him. Perhaps I'm just paranoid and Poe's right, you say to yourself. Perhaps he went to Coruscant with his friends celebrating the armistice, or my wedding. It is quite possible: your father has always been a playful and cheerful man, always optimistic and ready to have a party with the other pilots. Your stepmother shrugs. You can say she isn't too worried about her husband's fate, she only wanted – well, tried – to annoy Poe. Unluckily for her, he's a perfect gentleman. - I can assure you that when we'll have some news about your husband, you'll be the first person to know, Mrs. (Y/S)... - No matter - she cuts him off.- I know my husband. He's probably having a party somewhere or so. Now, if you'd like to excuse us, Mr. Dameron, (Y/N) needs to finish to try her gown... - I just did!- you protest.- Please, it's been two hours. I'm not going to wear that thing again, today... - (Y/N), don't anger me...- she warns. - By the way, Mrs. (Y/S), I came here to speak with (Y/N) about another thing, not only her father...- says Poe. - I'm afraid that... - Of course!- you cut your stepmother off and grab Poe's arm, dragging him outside the room.- Come one, Poe, let's talk about this alone... You catch a glimpse at your stepmother's shocked face and giggle. - (Y/N)!- you hear her yelling before closing the door right in front of her face. You and Poe run away from the door until you are sure you're stepmother is not following you. Both of you take a break in a corridor and laugh out loud. - My, she truly can't stand me...!- Poe sneers. - She can't stand anybody...- you say, serious again. You look into your friend's eyes.- Tell me about my father, Poe. He passes a hand through his hair. - I already told you everything I knew, (Y/N) - he says.- No one knows where they are, or where they are going to. Did you receive any other holomessages from him? - No...- you sigh.- But Captain Solo do know where they are!- you suddenly say.- Perhaps I can ask him... - I already tried. He told me he can't say anything. - What? Why not? - I have no idea. He talked about something like a...private matter, but nothing more. You think about it for a moment. - What about General Organa?- you finally ask.- Perhaps we could ask her... - Already done, too. - And...? - For a moment I thought she wanted to kill me. You sigh and look away. You keep trying telling yourself that if Captain Solo and General Organa are aware of all the thing, you should not be so worried. And your father is a soldier, a great pilot, and he's trained to face the worst situations ever. But still, you can't help it: he's your father, and after your mother passed away many years ago, he's the only family you have. You and your stepmother never went along; she never could stand you and although you tried to make yourself like her, the thought she married your father only because of his wealth and position never left you. He's your only family. And the worst is that, since his last holomessage, you can't sense him no more. You sigh again. Perhaps it's because I'm so untrained, you think. That was always a touchy subject for everyone in your family, at least after your mother's death. She was born and she grew up during the Empire Age, she was the daughter of a farmer and his wife, and her parents always tried to hide from the Stormtroopers and the Emperor that the Force flew through her. Darth Vader had killed all the Jedi years before her birth, and everyone was very careful not to show they have a sign of the Force in their bodies and souls. The Emperor would have killed or enslaved everyone who had this great gift. Your mother began to be trained in the use of the Force very later, when the Empire had fallen and she was a grown-up woman. She left her training when she got married to your father, and than she gave birth to you. You remember very little about her. She died of a illness when you were a toddler. You only remember she was very beautiful and loving, but you are not able to know if your memories of her are real memories or memories given to you by the Force. Yes, the Force flows through you too, like your mother before you, though it's not so strong as hers. You are merely Force sensitive, like General Organa is, and your father thinks it's only a good for everyone. Your father is afraid of the Force. He was born and he grew up during the Empire Age too, and he had heard the story of how Anakin Skywalker went to the Dark Side of the Force and killed all his fellow Jedi before becoming Darth Vader. He was afraid your mother could go from the Light Side to the Dark Side, one day, and he was almost desperate when he found out you were Force sensitive. He always encouraged you not use your gift too often, and when General Organa suggested him to send you to her brother, Jedi Master Luke Skywalker, to become a Youngling in his Academy, he refused. And he never failed to point out how much he had been right after what happened to the Academy itself... By the way, being Force sensitive always helped you while you were on a mission, or when your father was, so you could know if he and your friends were alright. But it has been three days since you could sense your father. Poe notice you're worried, and he puts an arm around your shoulders. - Listen, I'm sure he's alright - he says, while both of you start to walk along the corridor. Two Stormtroopers pass rapidly next to you, and you and Poe grimace.- I know that old space wolf of your father. He's one of the best soldier I've ever met, he certainly know what to do. And besides, there's no need to worry. The war is over, right? You nod, and try to convince yourself. - So...- says Poe.- How was your day? - Horrible - you mutter.- My stepmother has nerves on the edge because of the wedding. She fears like hell I could do something wrong and ruin what she calls a perfect day. She keeps making me trying that gown and every move every single day... - You know...you still have time. - For what? - Escape. You want to laugh, but you can't. And by the way, this is not one of Poe's usual jokes. He's serious, and the way he's looking at you he's as serious as a human being can be. - You know I can't - you say. - Of course you can. The General has signed the armistice. - You know too well this is a fragile peace. The First Order and the Resistance can't live peacefully with each other. That's why this marriage has been setted. - Screw it!- Poe snapped suddenly.- (Y/N), you're my friend. I care for you, and I don't want you to see unhappy for a lifetime. Screw it all. I can take you away from here. I mean...we can. I'm sure Finn, Jessika and even Rey would agree. We can escape and so you'll not be forced into marriage. We can live all together, like the old times!- he tries to laugh and you force a smile, even though you would like to cry. - You know I can't screw it all up like this. - But... - The First Order would take this as a personal offense, and I would give them a pretext to resume the conflict. I can't do this to you guys and to General Organa. She tried to have this peace for years, and she's always been nothing but kind to me... Poe tries to convince you again, and you are forced to cut him off. - Listen, it'll be fine - you don't believe your words yourself, but you need Poe to calm down.- Let's talk something else, okay? What did you want to tell me? - Well...I'm not sure it's a good idea after this conversation... - Poe! - Okay, okay, fine!- he raises his hands in surrender and he smiles.- I wanted to invite you to...a party, let's call it like this. It was meant to be a hen party, I mean, Jessika called it a hen party, but I told her it wasn't... - A hen party?- you repeat, a bit puzzled.- Poe, I thank you, but the wedding is in three months...and, by the way, how's this meant to be a hen party if you and Finn... - I know, I know, that's another reason you can call it a party as any other. So...tonight in Jessika's quarters, at nine o'clock. I'll bring the alcool. You laugh heartily and you accept. Despite all the shit in this thing you are forced to do, you are happy to have a party with your friends. Poe keeps telling you about the party and how it was Rey and Jessika's idea, but while walking down the corridor you are joined by two Stormtroopers and a man dressed up in a black uniform. Both Poe and you stopped as you look up at the man. He's a bit taller than you, but you can face him without any problems. He's got red short hair and blue eyes, with a pale skin. You have learnt to know his face far too well in the last six months. - Good afternoon, (Y/N). Dameron - he makes a nod in direction of Poe. He doesn't say anything. - Good afternoon to you, General Hux - you know you should call him with his birth name, but still you can't do it. You feel like if you do, it would be like approaching a hungry wolf. Hux makes a gesture with his hand and both the Stormtroopers go away, then he looks at you and Poe. - I would like to speak with my fiancée alone, Dameron. - (Y/N) and I were discussing about something important...- says Poe. Hux looks back at him with cold eyes. - Must I remind you that this girl is my future wife and I precedence over anyone else when it comes to her? - I'm not a Coruscant Space Road, General - you snort. - That doesn't change the fact you are going to be my wife soon, (Y/N). As your future husband, I have the right to have you anywhere any moment. - Listen, you son of...- Poe begins to say, but you take his arm to calm him down. You don't like the way Hux treats you and speaks to you, but you don't want Poe to get in trouble because of a stupid thing. - It's fine - you try to reassure him.- Let me talk to the General alone. Say Jessika and the others we'll see tonight. Poe is reclutant to let you alone with Hux, but your eyes are begging him not to start an useless fight. He bids you goodbye and he walks away. Once you are alone, you look into Hux's eyes. - So...- you try to sound calm and kind, but it's more difficult than you thought.- What do you want to talk about, General? He doesn't answer you, and he offers you his arm. You accept reclutantly and you began to walk back to your quarters. You are sure he wants to return you to your room. - At first, I just wanted to pay a courtesy visit to my fiancée, but when I came to your quarters, your stepmother told me you went away with that Poe Dameron. So I came to rescue you. - Rescue me?- you are speechless.- Poe is my friend. He didn't kidnap me, there was no need to rescue anyone! - Speaking of this, I don't like you getting alone with Dameron. It embarasses me. - How so? - I can't have my wive walking around with another man, even if he's just a friend. People talk every second. I can't risk my reputation because of you not acting as your new position orders you to. You look at him trying not to sound too angered. - And what's my new position? I'm not your wife, yet. - You're right, but you are going to be in three months. Our marriage has been signed by Supreme Leader Snoke and General Organa, there's no way it's not going to happen. And I can't stand you not showing respect to me or the First Order. The way he's looking at you shows he's angered. You leave his arm and you step back, looking in his eyes. - So...me talking with Poe means I'm not showing respect to you. - Exactly. You're not allowed to talk and spend your time with someone I don't approve, and in this case I don't approve you talking with Dameron. And, speaking of this, when you'll be my wife, you'll not be allowed to spend your time with any of your so-called friends. - And who says that?- you shouts. - Me. I'm your fiancée and I'll be your husband. As my wife, you'll have to join me in public events and show your loyalty to me and the First Order. You won't have any time to messing around with...those people. - Those people, as you call them, are my friends!- you yell; you would like to slap him in the face, but you're forced to control yourself.- I don't care what the armistice says. I will be your wife, but you'll never succeed in forcing me to do something I don't want to. - We'll see - there's threat in his voice.- And I'll tell you more, we'll start right now. I heard Dameron speaking about a party or something like that. I forbid you to go. - Try and stop me! You decide you won't stand this conversation anymore. You walk away withous saying anything more, and then you run into your father's quarters. Your stepmother is waiting for you the moment you enter in the kitchen; she tries to scold you for not being there when you fiancée went searching for you. - Don't worry, stepmother!- you growl.- I had the pleasure to meet him in the corridor... - And what did he say to you? I hope you've been kind to him...! Fuck both of you, you think, and you don't even answer. You enter to your room and slam the door, then you throw yourself on your bed. You don't cry. You don't feel doing this, and besides it would be useless. You just stay quiet and keep staring at your bedroom's ceiling. You still have to get used to your new bedroom; you have been used to sleep on a cot in your spaceship, or in the Resistance's camarade with other pilots. You didn't know how having your own bedroom was like until the armistice was signed. Since then, General Organa along with Captain Solo and their best soldiers and their families moved on Naboo and settled in the Palace of Theed, that is the Capital of the Planet and once the Palace of the King or Queen of Naboo. Even Queen Padmé Amidala walked in those corridors and lived in those chambers. Unfortunately, even the highest offices of the First Order settled at the Palace to be sure that the peace was durable. To be sure you would do your duty. You sigh. You are the price of the peace. Supreme Leader Snoke wanted to be sure the Resistance wouldn't make any joke with him, so he said to General Organa that if she wanted the armistice to be signed, she had to agree that one of her women would marry one of his best men. Your father was a war hero and one of the richest and noblest man of the New Republic, so since the first moment it was clear you were the best candidate to be the bride. And General Hux was the chosen groom. You can't say he is happy about the arrangement or not; you think he only wants to do his duty, and this marriage for him is a proof of his loyalty to the First Order. Armitage Hux is the General of Snoke's army and certainly his...second best man. You are sure by now that you hate your husband-to-be. He's an ass, he is not even your husband yet and he already treats you like his little pet. He doesn't want you to have friends, to speak your mind out and to act differently than his little pretty wife. He despise you as a human being and he demonstrate it with every gesture and every word. You don't want to marry him, but you have no choice. If you refuse the marriage, then the armistice is over, and you can't do this to your friends, your father and to General Organa. She has always been kind with you; she treats you like the daughter she never had, and she is even kinder than your stepmother is. You can say she feels sorry about this arrangement, but she has no choice. Once, your friend Finn tried – and failed – to make you feel better saying that it could have been worst. - And how, exactly, could it have been worst?- you asked skeptically.- Please, enlighten me. - Well, you could have been bethrothed to Kylo Ren. Rey had given him a powerful nudge in the ribs, but you can say Finn had a point. To be honest, you are still surprised that your groom is General Hux instead of Kylo Ren. Kylo Ren is the leader of the Knights of Ren, and he was the second most important and powerful man of the First Order, just after Supreme Leader Snoke himself. No one knows how he looks like, not even Finn, who had been a Stormtrooper before joining the Resistance. He says he only spotted Kylo Ren from afar, and he was always dressed up in black, with a long cloak and a hood, his face covered by an iron mask. Finn says he looks like Darth Vader, just taller. And stronger. Stories tell that the Force is strong in him, that he can stop a blaster's shot with one hand, but nothing more than a terrifying image of him is said. Some think he's not even human, that he's a machine created by Snoke himself to scare his enemies. By now, Kylo Ren is a mystery for all of you. You sit down on your bed ans shook your head. There's no point in thinking about someone – or something – you'll never know. You better have fun in these three months you have left before you marry General Hux and say goodbye to your life. You look at the clock: it's almost time to go to the party in Jessika's quarters. You stand up from the bed and begin dress up yourself. Fuck Hux and everything he says, you are going to go to this party; perhaps it will be useful to you and you will stop being worried about your father. Speaking of this, you try to suffucate the bad sensation growing in your chest. Meanwhile... The entire engine is fucked up. Your father curses among his teeth, punching the engine that seems not to stop to enact smoke. But in the end he has to give up, stepping away from his crashed X-Wings. He curls himself in his jacket to protect himself from the cool of this Planet. He's sure he's not on Hoth, but still this Planet is snowy and cold and there is no one to be seen. He sits down on the corpse of his X-Wings, hoping that his second in command will be back with help soon. He grimaces as his wounded arm causes him a twinge of pain. He looks at it: he broke his arm in the crash and he and his second in command tried to fix him with some broken branches and a piece of cloth. His second in command had only a few superficial wounds and he was the only one able to go in search of help. Your father had to stay behind, for he wasn't able to walk in this snowy, cold and hostile Planet with a broken arm, but now he knows that if his second in command won't be back soon, he'll die because of the cool. Just like the others... Your father just wants to cry at the memory. He and other few pilots left Naboo on a secret mission for Captain Solo, and they were almost there when they were caught by an asteroids storm. The X-Wings were he and his second in command were on was the last survivor, but it was severely damaged and they crashed on this forgotten Planet. Your father stands up, teeth chattering from the cold. He begins to walk in the snow, his arm giving him a lot of pain, but he can't stay beside the X-Wings anymore. It's been snowing since two hours, and his broken ship can't possibly be a good lair. He has to find a place to stay... Notes: Hope you enjoyed it! Please, comment? :)