"The bird struggles out of the egg. The egg is the world. Who would be born must first destroy a world." -Herman Hesse, Demian “This is Major Armitage Hux reporting from Vailen III, sir. Month seven, week six. Goods and cargo are being moved from the ports to the warehouses with increased efficiency of 13% year-to-date. The power generator's output capacity is holding steady at 8.4. Standard daily operations show no signs of irregularity, if the situation changes I will notify High Command at once. Nothing further to report. End of transmission.” Hux switched off the holorecorder and exhaled, dropping into a chair. “How much longer are we on this hellscape?” Armitage's bunkmate Haccu Kyyshiv asked, lying face down on his own bed, shirt off. “Just until the first rains,” he replied, unbuttoning the first few snaps of his tunic. The weather on Vailen III was stifling: hot and humid with long months and merciless days. There were only two distinct seasons, dry and rainy, but both were almost unbearably hot for humans and, indeed, most other sentient life forms. The First Order's crude base was the only settlement here, located on the sole land mass on the otherwise aquatic planet. The only structure sharing the island was the ruins of what was rumored to be some ancient holy site, which for some reason, the First Order had not demolished. As a result of both the intolerable climate and the lack of resources, virtually nothing of interest happened here. Supply shuttles came and went, reports that would never be read were filed, and the days dragged on. Armitage hated it. His platoon had been ordered to stay until the monsoons began. It had been bearable at first, but as the months dragged on with unchanging monotony, the humidity mounted, clouds not yet heavy enough to burst. Instead the moisture hung thick in the air, stifling the inhabitants below. He tugged off his boots and lined them up toe-first against the foot of his bed before standing and undoing the rest of his buttons. “It should be any day now,” he said, peeling off his sweat-soaked tunic and carefully hanging it up in the shared closet. “Fuck, I hope so. I can't wait until this mission is over. At least it's easy work, but I don't even know why we're here.” Armitage grunted something in acknowledgment, not wanting to be dragged into a pointless conversation. He didn't particularly care for Kyyshiv, finding him sloppy at best, lazy at worst. His lack of form irked him all the more because they shared a bunk. Kyyshiv had achieved the rank of major as well, but certainly not by hard work or merit; he was the son of parents held in high esteem by High Command, stationed out here on this rock to keep him safe from the perils of battle. Or maybe, Hux reasoned, just because they all knew he was completely useless. It irritated him to think that he had been sent here with people like this. It didn't make sense. Unlike Kyyshiv, he didn't ride the coattails of his parents-- wouldn't have been able to even if he wanted to. He wanted to prove himself, to go beyond what little had been expected from him. He wouldn't be useless. At the very least, despite having the same rank, Kyyshiv deferred to Hux more often than not and had no trouble following his instructions and staying out of the way otherwise. That and the knowledge that Kyyshiv would never stand in his way as competition were often the only ways Armitage maintained his sanity. Beyond just that, he was tired of sharing a room with everyone stationed here, no matter how small their platoon was. Most other planetside deployments were equipped with far more modern infrastructure and accommodations with private rooms, or at the very least, single washrooms. He'd worked too hard, achieved marks too high, to deserve being marooned on this remote backwater planet with this tiny squadron of unmotivated underachievers, doing nothing of importance out of sight of anyone who might notice. It was the perfect place to stick someone like Kyyshiv, but Hux knew he himself was destined for more. Armitage picked up his towel and made his way into the washroom, taking what must have been his third shower of the day. He knew he'd be sweating again the second he shut the water off, but he savored the feel of the cold water against his skin. A ny day now, he told himself. As soon as that first rain fell, he'd be out of this sauna and back on a starship where he belonged. Walking back into the sleeping area, Armitage hung his towel up on a wall hook and climbed into bed. Not wanting to engage with his roommates, he shut his eyes and imagined being promoted to High Command. He decided that the first thing he would do when--not if-- would be to get rid of Kyyshiv and the rest as soon as possible. When he was in charge, he would have no tolerance for useless slackers like this. High birth would mean nothing. He feigned sleep until finally it consumed him. ===== The next day began like every other one of his mission thus far: too early, too hot. He showered again and dressed, then left for his shift at the air traffic control tower. Though he knew they were to be working together, he didn't bother waiting for Kyyshiv. The tower, like much of the infrastructure on this planet, left much to be desired. Constructed with scavenged supplies from before the age of the Empire, the technology was outdated and slow, modern equipment being unable to cope with the dearth of power. It was lucky for the pilots that not much happened here. Armitage dealt with shifts here, like everywhere else on this forsaken island, with barely-concealed contempt. He hung his cap on a wall hook and sat at the desk, reading over the reports left by the last shift, barely looking up to acknowledge his coworker when he finally showed up, nearly half an hour late. Thus the first several hours passed without incident, the two scheduled arrivals and departures making easy take offs and landings. They worked mostly in silence, as Armitage preferred, until about halfway through the hottest part of the day when something strange popped up on the radar. “Hey, Hux, check this out,” Kyyshiv said, staring at his screen. “There's an unidentified shuttled making its approach at 36.354, 56.92. What do you think this is?” Hux cast his attention to the screens in front of Kyyshiv, looking at the information read out from the radar scanners. He frowned. “It's not affiliated with the First Order.” “Nor does it match any known vessel of the New Republic,” Kyyshiv noted, a crease forming in his brow. “Get them on transmitter,” Hux ordered. “Inform them they are in First Order air space and we will not hesitate to take direct militant action.” “Yes, sir.” Kyyshiv held down the speaker button on his transmitter. “This is Major Haccu Kyyshiv at Tower Control on Vailen III. You are entering restricted airspace. Identify yourself, pilot. Over.” The outdated radio transmitter crackled with static, cutting off the first half of the pilot's response. “--requesting permission to land. Over.” “Damn this ancient equipment. You'd think if the First Order gave two shits about this base, they could at least upgrade the technology,” Kyyshiv grumbled before pressing the button down again to reply. “This is Major Haccu Kyyshiv at Tower Control on Vailen III. Can you repeat that? Is your shuttle in distress, pilot? Over.” “Negative, no distress,” the pilot replied. “We are mere students on a touristic visit to Vailen III, for academic and educational purposes, nothing more. Over.” Kyyshiv looked at Hux. “Tourists? What the hell?” He mouthed. He pushed the reply button again, “You do not have permission to land here. I repeat: you do not have permission to land here. This planet operates under the jurisdiction of the First Order. Any permission to arrive or depart must be authorized by High Command. Over.” Hux shook his head, watching the radar screen. The pilot showed no indication of turning his ship around. “Prepare to intercept at the docks," he said to Kyyshiv. He wasn't going to take any chances. “As far as I am aware," came the pilot's calm reply, "Vailen III is neutral territory. If this has changed since the last galactic summit, proper documentation has not yet been submitted to the New Republic. Over.” “Can you believe this shit?” Kyyshiv said before replying. “The New Republic has no authority in Outer Rim territories. This space, air and land, falls under the sole jurisdiction of the First Order. If you do not redirect your vessel you will be placed under arrest upon disembarking. Over.” “Interesting,” the voice said. “Records show that Vailen III is a largely aquatic planet with nothing of interest but the ruins of an ancient Jedi temple. I'm curious to learn what value the First Order sees in such a place. And I'm sure the New Republic would be interested as well.” Kyyshiv looked up at Hux again, less sure this time. “What do we do?” Hux growled low his throat, shoving Kyyshiv out of the way. Slamming the reply button, he asked, “With whom are you affiliated, pilot? We will not negotiate with those who try to threaten us. Over.” “There are no threats, officer. I am a Jedi master, unaffiliated with any government or militia. As I said, I come here with my students on a pilgrimage to visit remnants of the ancient Jedi temple located there. We don't want trouble, only unimpeded access for our studies. Over.” Kyyshiv threw his hands up with a laugh. "Ha! Some fanatic fancies himself a wizard and thinks that pile of rubble is a holy site. I knew they should have just bulldozed that junk when they were building the base here. Who even knew these freaks still practiced that ancient cult nonsense?” He said, looking up at Hux. “What should we do? This is going to be a pain in the ass to get this by High Command.” A muscle in Armitage's jaw tensed. Fuck. As much as he disliked that thinly-veiled threat, he fancied the idea of comming High Command for advice on this lunacy even less. He needed to take care of this on his own. At least this way he could send his own scouts out to meet the incoming travellers, have their vessel and persons searched and monitored. It's not as if there were anything incriminating on this empty rock anyway. And if they caused any trouble while here, that would alter the rules of engagement and sanction the militant action Hux longed to order. But more than that, there was something in the deep recess of his mind that clung to that word: Jedi. A hazy memory of a conversation long ago. The Force was real, and it was important to the First Order. The Supreme Leader had told him that once, personally. When had that happened? He hit the button to reply. "Tentative permission granted, pilot. Dock in bay zero-four and prepare to rendezvous with a squad team who will search you for weapons and contraband before you are allowed to disembark. We will discuss the terms of your visit upon arrival. How many of you are there? Over.” “It is myself and four of my students. Over.” “Understood. I repeat: dock in bay zero-four. Over.” “As you wish. Docking in bay zero-four. Over and out.” Hux shoved the transmitter aside, turning to Kyyshiv. “Have a rendezvous team sent to bay four. Make sure these people are checked. Thoroughly. I want nothing else getting through, and no trouble. If High Command hears of this, both of our asses are the line. Nothing gets through. See to it.” “Yes, sir.” Hux stood, grabbing his jacket from the hook on the wall, shoving his arms into the sleeves, he reached for his seldom-worn cap. “Where are you going?” Hux knew there had to be some reason that temple was not destroyed when the First Order decided to start operations on Vailen III. A lure for Force-sensitives was as good a reason as any. No one came out this far for no reason, and the appearance of Jedi anywhere was such a rare occurrence, there was no way this was insignificant. Hux had to inform Leader Snoke. The Supreme Leader had instructed him to do that once, had given him access to his direct channel if the opportunity ever arose. The fact that he couldn't properly remember when the conversation had happened was not important; Hux was going inform him that he had a whole class of Jedi right where he wanted them. "To take care of our guests." Turning on his heel, he left the control tower. ===== “Supreme Leader, this is Major Armitage Hux reporting from the First Order temporary base at Vailen III. I apologize for bypassing typical protocol and contacting you directly, but I believe I have urgent, sensitive information that you will find most interesting,” Hux reported, standing stiff at attention before Snoke's giant holo. Though his heart was beating hard in his chest, he willed himself to maintain a calm and collected demeanor. Supreme Leader had told him to do this, had given him his personal access code. It disturbed him that he couldn't quite remember that encounter, but that didn't matter now; he was already here, just as he'd said he would be. “Go on,” Snoke said, looking down at him. Hux nodded. “As we speak, a shuttle carrying a purported Jedi master and four of his students is docking at our base. The master reports he is here to bring his students to the ruins of the Vailenian Jedi Temple.” Snoke appeared to take interest in this. “Good,” he said, his hollow eyes gleaming. “It is time. Events are proceeding as I have foreseen.” Hux swallowed. He knew Snoke had certain mystic powers, but it was unnerving to hear that this information had been expected yet not relayed. Regardless, he took a deep breath and continued. “Supreme Leader. If you authorize it, I can have these travellers arrested and detaine--” “No,” Snoke interrupted, returning his had-been-distracted attention back on Hux. “No. Do not impede them. On the contrary, you are to be their accommodating host. Ensure that they have everything they require for the duration of their stay.” “I--” Armitage looked up at Snoke with barely-masked confusion. “I don't understand--” “You don't need to, Major. The Force is at work here. Let the Jedi and his students have free reign of their temple. I have sensed that it will be important in some way that has yet to be revealed.” “I-- yes, Supreme Leader,” Hux was burning with further questions, but let them lie. “Should I inform High Command of their presence?” “No. This is something I have under control. See that the rest of the base leaves them to study in peace. Let this play out as the Force wills it to.” Hux couldn't help but feel disappointed. What could have been the most significant event in his deployment, let alone his entire career, was being turned into nothing more than a command, from the ultimate authority, for him to play host to people he had no desire to engage with. He'd wanted acknowledgment for vigilance and a job well done, not this. Still, he met the Supreme Leader's gaze and replied, “Yes, sir.” As if sensing these thoughts, Snoke said, “You made the right decision, Major, in relaying this information to me directly. Your loyalty will be rewarded in due time, I assure you.” A surge of pride, relief , swelled in his chest at last. “I act under your wisdom and command, Supreme Leader," he said. “Go,” said Snoke before his holo faded. “Meet them at the docks. See that they are attended to properly. We will be in touch again, Major.” Hux waited until he was sure the image was completely gone before allowing himself to exhale. ===== Hux marched himself down to the docks, confidence buoying his stride and eclipsing his annoyance at having to play host to these strangers. In spite of himself, he couldn't deny that at very least he was looking forward to something of a change up after months on end of tedious drudgery. He arrived as his inspectors were finishing up with their sweep of the shuttle. One was speaking with a bearded man in tan robes who Armitage assumed to be the so-called master. Four younglings, probably teenagers, stood calmly behind him, not speaking. The lieutenants spotted Hux and came to attention. “Sir. All clear, sir.” Hux nodded to them and turned to face the bearded man. “Major Armitage Hux,” he said, extending his hand to the stranger. “Welcome to Vailen III.” “Greetings, Major Hux,” said the man, taking his hand. “I appreciate you allowing us to dock.” “Not a problem.” Armitage noted the deliberate exemption of this stranger's name but chose not to remark on it, trusting Snoke's plans. “I apologize for our initial... reluctance. Surely you must know that we don't get many visitors this far out. We lack proper protocol for such instances. This is merely a base for our interplanetary trade operations, not of particular interest to tourists.” “Perhaps not for those who can't feel the Force.” A muscle in Armitage's jaw slid but he did not comment, instead straightening and forcing himself to smile. “There are many whispers about the First Order, but I assure you: our trip here has nothing to do with para-governmental operations. We are here solely as students of the Force.” “The First Order has nothing to hide. As I said, this base simply facilitates interplanetary trade. Our presence here ensures Outer Rim worlds are taken care of where the Republic's attentions have been known to... falter.” “Of course,” replied the man. “And as I said: I do not concern myself with political matters. I am only here to bring my students to meditate at the remnants of one of the last Jedi temples.” “Of course,” Armitage said, mimicking the man's tone. “A few administrative matters, so that we may provide you with appropriate service, then.” “As you wish.” Hux picked up a portable datapad and began typing. “How long is your expected duration of stay?” “Our total visit should not exceed one week.” He bristled on the inside. “Are you aware that one galactic standard week is nine sun cycles on Vailen III?” “I am.” Playing host was not remotely within his realm of experience, and especially not for an entire week, but didn't let it show. “Acceptable. Do you have any minors in your travelling party?” “No, the youngest of my students is 19 years of age.” Hux nodded. “And will you be requiring accommodation during this visit?” “That won't be necessary,” he replied. “We have accommodations and provisions aboard our shuttle.” “As you wish,” said Hux. “And one last thing; are you carrying weapons?” “Only my lightsaber.” “If you wouldn't mind,” Hux said, “allow us to hold it at customs for the duration of your visit. I'm sure you understand.” “Of course,” the man said, unclipping the saber from his belt. One of the students stepped forward suddenly, grabbing his master's arm and giving him a questioning look. The man held up a hand. “Ben, please.” The boy was reluctant to relent. Hux looked from teacher to student. A sharp jawline and over-large features defined the boy's face. He snapped his attention to Hux and scowled. His master motioned him aside and looked back at Hux. “As a token of good faith, Major.” “Good faith.” Hux repeated, taking the lightsaber from the man's outstretched hand. “I will keep it here under lock and key. I am the only one with access to these lockers. You have my word, it will remain safe until your departure.” The man wore a serene smile as he nodded to the Major. The boy beside him sulked and Hux elected to ignore him. “The temple is not far from the docks. My students and I will endeavor to stay out of your way as we explore the area. I assure you, Major, our visit will not go beyond one week.” “By all means, make yourselves at home. On behalf of the First Order, if there is anything we can do to make your visit here more pleasant, do not hesitate to let us know. Please feel free to make use of our facilities, as meager as they may be, they are at your disposal.” “I appreciate your hospitality, Major. You'll hardly notice we are here.” “Well,” Hux said with a forced smile, “don't be a stranger.” The Jedi master inclined his head and walked off with his students trailing behind him, the outspoken one continuing to stare down Hux as he passed. “Should we follow them, Major?” A fresh-faced lieutenant asked him once the Force-users were out of earshot. “No.” “Sir?” “I said no,” Hux repeated. “This is something I have under control.” ===== Finally, the sun was descending below the watery horizon. His shift was over. Word had gotten around about the five mysterious visitors, as had Hux's explicit order to leave them be. Armitage trusted Snoke's assurance that things would proceed according to plan, but couldn't help to wonder what in the hell that plan actually was. Oh well. It wasn't his job to question it. Not yet. He stood and wiped sweat from his brow, nodding to the crew members coming in to relieve him and Kyyshiv of duty. On his way back to the dormitories, he let his curiosity get the better of him and detoured in the direction of the ruins, telling himself observing from a distance was simply smart leadership. Approaching slowly, he caught sight of three figures outside practicing levitating objects with the Force. He stayed back a ways, half-hidden by the descending twilight and drew his cigarra case from his back pocket. He leaned himself up against a crumbling slab as he lit a cigarra and inhaled, pretending like he wasn't spying on these younglings. He'd grown up hearing legends of the Force, the Jedi and the Sith, but seeing these powers being used in front of his own eyes was different. It made it real. Seeing was believing. Now he couldn't deny that there really were living beings with the ability to manipulate some sort of cosmic energy to their will. It made him envious. The Force was lost on him entirely, and he resented it. To see this power in action and know he could never tap into it himself burned him. Now feeling bitter and petty, he dragged on the cigarra. He may never wield such magic himself, but there were other ways to get power and he would have them. Sure, being a vessel of this power was an attractive curiosity, but the ability to order someone to use that unstoppable power on his behalf was even more attractive. If he could get one of these Jedi to wield their strength on his command, for him... He began to imagine how he might make such a thing happen. He could try simply asking-- it rarely hurt to start with diplomacy, and against someone who could move things with their mind, threats would not end well. But if they were not keen to join the First Order's cause, perhaps there were other ways to sway their telepathic minds. He allowed himself to fantasize about how he'd casually stroll up to any one of these students and invite them for drinks after his shift one night. Perhaps he'd ask the shorter one with dark hair practicing her fencing strikes, or maybe the slightly stockier androgynous one with the serious face. It doesn't matter; in his fantasy he has his pick of any of them, they're all very impressed by how quickly he's risen in his ranks-- he's General now. Whomever he chooses, they can easily hold their own in conversation. They willingly answer all of his questions about using the Force and deliver him intelligence on his enemies, offering to strike down any challengers. After a few drinks and darkened whispers, they'll enthusiastically agree to come back to his quarters. Or perhaps, with a hand slowly travelling up his thigh, they were the one to suggest it in the first place. Of course, in his imagined scenario he'd be off of this nightmare of a planet by then, out of this sweatbox and out of these shared dormitories with their public washrooms, into a place where he would have some actual privacy. Here in the secluded confines of his senior officer's rooms, he'll be able to take his time getting to know the Force, and Force-user, of course, unlocking the secrets of not only their body, but also their elusive powers, now all for him. He shifted his position on the wall, taking another long drag of his burning-out cigarra. It'd always been this way for him: sex and power. His groin had tightened just imagining this completely self-indulgent scenario. Fuck, he'd been stuck on this planet for far too long. Isolated, yet always in company. The worst of both worlds. It was no wonder he was already uncomfortably half-hard. A sudden shuffling noise behind him broke his concentration, he barely managed not to jump, playing his flinch off as an excuse to ash his cigarra. He looked behind him to see one of the students, the same one who'd tried to stop his master from handing over his weapon when they'd first arrived, standing up from the floor. Ben? Was that what he'd been called? “Ah, I didn't see you there,” Armitage said, annoyed at having been not only interrupted, but also startled. He shifted to hide the undignified bulge in his pants, thankful that it was dark now. “Why aren't you over there practicing with your peers?” “I was meditating,” the padawan snapped. “But your thoughts were so loud I couldn't concentrate.” “ Excuse me?” “Your thoughts,” he repeated, “are very loud. And, frankly, obscene. Things like that are against the Jedi Code.” The faintest hint of shock managed to break through Armitage's tight defense. He was outraged by the invasion of privacy, not even allowed to have freedom within his own head, but he refused to show embarrassment. Doing so would have only proved that he had done something to be ashamed of, which he hadn't. He quickly corrected it, schooling his face into a neutral expression. “What would you know of obscene, then?” He sneered. “Or are you exempt from this Code?” It wasn't until the boy shook his head that Armitage noticed how big his ears were, half-hidden by the dark hair curtaining his mole-flecked skin. “Of course not," he huffed. "I was reading it off of you. You're disgusting. You can't seduce a Jedi. The fact that you even think you have a chance is as ridiculous as it is offensive.” Hux's lips curled into a dangerous smile. “Is that so?” The boy glared at him silently. “Well.” Hux began, “Ben, was it?” The padawan nodded, crossing his arms over his chest. “I have somewhat of a reputation for getting what I want, Ben. I've been known to be rather ambitious.” “You think people can't say no to you?” Hux laughed low in his chest. “I'm saying they don't want to.” Ben scoffed. “A military brat like you doesn't stand a chance. You think you're someone special because you hold rank, but that doesn't mean anything to people like us. We don't have any use for your power.” “Don't be simple. Everyone has use for power, even you.” Speaking quietly, Ben lowered his voice. “You misunderstand. I have use for power, I just don't have use for yours. I already have more power than you'll ever dream of.” Hux trailed his eyes over the braid in Ben's hair, then cut back to his face, his upper lip curling. He knew he was under direct order to behave hospitably to his guests but this one... this one needed to be put in his place. He wouldn't stand for it. “Then maybe you ought to be out putting that power to actual use rather than sitting here spying in on my private thoughts like a filthy little pervert.” Ben looked scandalized. “You're the one projecting your stupid fantasies out to the world!” He snapped, taking a step to bridge the distance between them, looming over the Major. “You want to see what I can do?” Hux refused to be cowed, maintaining unbroken eye contact with the boy who was now standing an infuriating couple of inches over him. Ben raised his hand and plucked the cigarra from between Armitage's lips without touching it. He drew his hand back and the cigarra followed as if pulled by an invisible cord. Swooping his hand beneath the levitating stick, he clenched his fist and the cigarra burst into flames. The fireball hovered midair, heat licking at Armitage's skin. He was careful not to flinch, not to show any reaction to this outburst, even if it meant getting singed. Ben let it linger there for a moment before thrusting his hand out, casting the fireball like a projectile missile into a nearby pile of boulders. A darkened char stained the rocks in its wake, the smell of gunpowder thick in the air. Ben smiled. “My powers already eclipse any of theirs.” Hux narrowed his eyes and leaned in close. “Yes,” he said coolly. “It's self-control you seem to lack, isn't it?” Ben worked his jaw, fighting to restrain himself lest he prove that true. Armitage smirked at him, still not breaking eye contact as he withdrew another cigarra and lit it. "Keep up the good work, Jedi," he sneered, brushing past Ben and heading back towards the dormitories, now very glad for the cover of darkness. ===== Armitage replayed the encounter in his head all the next day. It wasn't, he assured himself, that he'd been impressed by Ben's tricks, but rather he recognized it as a glimpse of potential that could be developed over time. No one was going to cower in fear of a combusting cigarra, but Armitage knew there were other powers that, at full strength, could intimidate adversaries and bring enemies to their knees. Powers that he was still determined to learn to command. One way or another. That night after his shift, he went down to the docking bay to check up on his guests. He had planned to offer the Jedi master a guided tour of the First Order facilities. On the off-chance that he was a Republic spy, a quick look around the modest base here would quickly snuff out any suspicions he might have had. He didn't have to know about the rapidly-growing starfleet deeper in the Unknown Regions, their steadily amassing arsenal, or the network of training Academies like the one Hux had come from, of course. However, when he arrived at the dock, the Jedi master was not present. Neither was Ben. Hux was moderately disappointed to learn that the master would be spending the entire time here in meditation at the temple, not to be disturbed. The three other students suggested that Ben was likely off meditating as well, but their uncertain indifference to this gave Hux the impression that Ben was prone to wandering off unannounced. Great. It suited his current purposes, however, because this gave him a chance to talk to the other three, to see what else they could do with the Force and how he could use it to his advantage. As his attempts at conversation continued to fall flat, however, he quickly found that these students were very different than their wandering loose cannon. They seemed to look beyond him when they spoke and any questions he posed regarding the Force or their purpose in studying it were met with cryptic non-answers and mindless dogma such as, “there is no self, there is only the Force” or “the Force is not for us to manipulate; it is for us to feel, to sense, and to rely on to bring peace to the galaxy.” Banthashit. He was quickly losing interest in this game he had dreamt up for himself. His military training had raised him to give and expect answers to questions, not philosophic musings. He didn't have the patience for this. All of this power he'd always heard of, the small taste of it he'd gotten last night, and yet these students had no grander aspirations, wouldn't even acknowledge the strength and power inherent in the Force. There was nothing alluring to him about a person without ambition. For all they were doing, their powers would have been better utilized in his convictionless bunkmate. Hux wasn't going to waste any more of his time on people like this. While he himself was destined for greatness; these people were destined to be forgotten, to blend into history's obscurity, to fade back into an indiscernible part of the Force energy they so dearly tried to pretend wasn't there to be weaponized. Peacekeepers. Ha. Most infuriating of all was knowing that Ben had been right about how this would go. It was insufferable. Politely as he could manage, Armitage dismissed himself from a pointless, circular conversation with one of the apprentices and left, walking up the wooden deck back towards the base in disgust. As he passed by the ruins of the temple he paused, wondering what the point of it all was. Why bother coming all this way to study power that you refuse to use? It was stupid. Hearing footsteps, he looked up to see Ben walking towards him. “How is your little quest going, Major,” he said, overly smug as he approached. “Are you as compelling as you thought?” Armitage took out a cigarra and lit it, taking a drag before deigning to respond. “I've decided I have no use for your kind after all,” he said, exhaling. “Too plain, too boring.” Ben scoffed. “The ability to move things without touching them, to shuffle minds like a deck of cards, this is too boring for you?” Hux snorted. “Having the ability to do such things may be intriguing, but with no ambition behind it, what's the bloody point?” Ben regarded him with an indiscernible look. “What do you mean?” “You Jedi types. You can manipulate objects and people through this invisible energy, but for what purpose? If the Force were really used to its full potential, the Jedi's will would be unstoppable.” "But that's not the mandate of a Jedi," Ben said. "No, clearly not." It wasn't the first time Armitage had heard this argument tonight. "What would you do, then?" Ben leaned up against the charred boulder, still eyeing him cautiously. Armitage took a long inhale. “Anything I wanted, I suppose,” he said, earning him a glare. “But I'd start by fixing this mess of a galaxy.” “And how would you do that?” “Certainly not by sitting around on some isolated planet meditating on wishful thinking, that's for sure. Your inaction lets the galaxy rot and descend into further chaos.” He paused to blow smoke from the corners of his lips. “I'd formulate strategies, make moves. Telepathy, telekinesis. Surely someone able to do the things your kind can could bring the fragmented systems under a stable, predictable rule of order.” He hadn't intended to put a rising intonation at the end of his sentence, turning it into more of a question, as if asking Ben to dare refute the power inherent in the Force, but when Ben shrugged and said “Maybe.” He had to hide a satisfied smirk behind his cigarra. “Well. All it takes is the right direction.” Ben licked his lower lip. Armitage watched the boy's face change as he mulled over what had been said, his dark eyes studying Hux carefully. “I... don't entirely disagree.” Armitage raised an eyebrow at him but he cut his eyes away. “Somehow I sense your master would.” “He...” Ben swallowed, set his jaw before continuing. “doesn't know everything.” This piqued Hux's interest-- this, this was the kind of thing he had patience for. “Well,” He laughed lightly under his breath. “Perhaps you ought to follow someone who does.” Ben gave him a hard stare, as if trying to decipher the meaning behind Hux's words. Hux only smirked, stubbing out the remnants of his cigarra on the already-burned slab behind Ben. He felt Ben's eyes following him as he walked off towards the dormitories. It was gratifying. Chapter 2 == The next day Armitage woke and prepared for his shift at the warehouses. It was his least favorite duty, being largely physical labor and having little-to-no relevance to his grander career goals, but he didn't mind the solitary nature of it, especially given that his mind had gone back to obsessing over the idea of claiming a Force-users power for himself. What would you do, then? Anything I wanted. By daylight he cringed, considering that perhaps it had been a rather trite and moronic thing to say. But, really, had he been completely honest, his answer would have probably been something more along the lines of: I would bring this entire fucking galaxy to bow before me, and it would thank me for the opportunity. He laughed to himself, wondering what Ben would have made of that, then wondered if perhaps he could sense those thoughts the way he'd sensed others before and became newly frustrated at this entire cosmic situation. He sighed inwardly. It was entirely unfair, downright offensive, that such power was so misappropriated to people who didn't know how to use it. Those apprentices were wasting their talents, bound by rules that were only placed there as limitations. But who made those rules? And if a Force user overstepped their boundaries, who would stop them? Hux wanted to be the answers to those questions. Was that really so wrong? He knew Snoke had instructed him to not impede the travellers, but he couldn't help but to imagine wandering back to the docks tonight to attempt another conversation with the apprentices, to politely suggest that their powers could be put to better use serving the First Order. Hell, if he thought about it long enough, he could almost convince himself that he was doing it for Snoke and not himself. He would suffer through tedious abstract metaphysical discussions for the sake of the Order, sure. He'd always received high commendations for his abilities as a persuasive debater, this was just another test. And even if the other three students wouldn't indulge him, surely surly Ben would have some snide remark to make, and that's all it would take for Hux to get an in. Actually, no, fuck it, he decided; he wouldn't waste his time with the other three: Ben had what he wanted and had proven it through demonstration. His personality might be disagreeable, but at least he was open to entertaining alternative solutions, and he had said something so curious last night, had given Hux something to work with already. It made him wonder how well he could work with Ben in other contexts. He wiped his brow before bending down to pick up the last crate of supplies left to shelve. Preparing himself to struggle with it, he ended up overcompensating and almost fell backwards upon lifting, finding it incredibly light. He quickly corrected his overbalance and slid it onto the shelf. Confused, he opened the crate, frowning when it was full of heavy metal parts. How had that happened? Out of the corner of his eye, he spotted something move. He spun around quickly. Some one. Squinting, he tried to get a better look. Once he did, he rolled his eyes. The wanderer. “I see you lurking there, Ben,” he called, annoyed. Ben hesitated only a moment before coming out of the shadows and approaching him. “And I see you haven't given up your delusional fantasies of power like this,” he said with a stupid grin, splaying his hands. Armitage grit his teeth, refusing to show embarrassment. "Need I remind you that you are a visitor on this base and unauthorized snooping around, either on First Order property or in my head, is most unwelcome?" "Maybe you should put up a better mental defense then." Armitage frowned. What an irritating person. He readjusted his earlier mental note regarding his ability to work with Ben: unlikely. "I can teach you how, you know," Ben chewed at his lip, staring at Armitage. "You don't need to be Force sensitive for that." "Will it keep you out of my head?" Ben shrugged. "With practice, it will make your mind harder for a Force user to get into. You'll also be able to recognize when someone is prying. It would be good for you to see what it feels like, so you can tell if you're being manipulated.” He said, adopting an authoritative tone that Armitage found grating. “Weak-willed people are easily manipulated by simple mind tricks." Something in that struck a red hot chord within him, his heart suddenly racing and bubbling with fury, and he straightened at once. "I am not weak-willed." He said icily. Ben looked affronted by Hux's sudden anger. "I... didn't say you were? I wouldn't even bother helping you if I thought that were the case." Armitage stared him down. He wasn't even entirely sure what prompted that sudden burst of rage, but he continued to eye Ben warily, considering his options. He remained suspicious, but also curious. "How do I know this isn't a trick?" He asked quietly. Ben blinked at him, mouth faltering. Armitage realized then that he didn't need to be a telepath to read Ben; everything was written plain on his face-- it was a genuine offer. He hadn't even considered that Armitage might say no to this. He saw the strange, misguided innocence in Ben's dark eyes and swallowed as his curiosity got the better of him. "Fine, but let's do this outside. Follow me." Ben nodded and followed him outside, down to the decommissioned pier, far from where their shuttle was docked. This was probably the only place on the entire planet that Armitage didn't flat-out hate, just out of eyesight of the general population, where the shade from the seawall and towering foliage offered some protection from the merciless sun as it went down on the other side of the island. Since the new docks had been opened, few came down here, and it offered a small amount of seclusion he got nowhere else. As Ben sat himself down crosslegged on the wooden deck and waited for him to do the same, Armitage hesitated, scanning the surroundings first. He was stalling, and he knew it, but he was still wary about this. He took a deep breath and told himself to get the fuck over it, pushing up his sleeves and plunking himself down in front of the padawan. Ben scooted a bit closer so he could reach for Armitage's temples, his eyes fluttering shut and Hux swatted his hands away instantly. “What do you think you're doing?” Ben opened his eyes and frowned. "I'm trying to teach you, jackass. How do you think this is going to work?" "Well you can start by telling me what the hell you're going to do." Ben sighed and sat up straighter. "I'm going to teach you how to sense a Force user's presence in your head. I'll start by showing you what it feels like." "And you have to be in my head to do that?" "Well, yes, obviously," Ben said, annoyed. "You need to open your mind to me if you want to learn anything. But, worry not, I'm not going to go prying into your thoughts. That's verging on dark powers." "It hasn't stopped you before though, has it?" Hux snapped. He wasn't sure why, but he was suddenly feeling very nervous, which always made him react defensively. Ben glowered. "If you don't want my help, we're done here." Armitage said nothing and made no move to leave, so Ben rolled his shoulders and continued. "Besides, like I said before, you were projecting your thoughts then. Most people do, unconsciously, because they aren't expecting anyone else to be able to hear them. I can teach you how to put up mental barriers to prevent that from happening." "Why? What are you getting out of this?" Ben's eyebrows knitted again, the faintest hint of pink coloring his cheeks. His throat bobbed as he swallowed and looked away, shrugging. “Bored, I guess. It's boring here.” The corner of Armitage's mouth twitched and he swallowed in kind. Here was this boy, willing to offer him a peak into the Force, and hadn't he just been dreaming of such a thing? There was no reason for him to be hesitating now, he should be throwing himself into this endeavor to learn as much as he could while the opportunity presented itself. But he was feeling reserved now. Why? Surely he wasn't afraid of this blushing teenager sitting crosslegged before him, worrying his lower lip and fidgeting with his fingers. He shifted a bit, straightening his posture. He willed himself to relax, to try to accept that someone was trying to help him with no darker motives. It wasn't an idea he was accustom to. But he knew he would get nowhere without taking risks, so here went nothing. "Nevermind. I have nothing to hide from you. Proceed." It was true; he had made no secret of his desire for power and control, and Ben had already caught him mid-fantasy before, so what more could he see? Armitage had been on this backwater rock for far too long to have any classified knowledge of sensitive First Order information anyway. Anything he had in mind was likely already obsolete, so if Ben was planning on siphoning First Order secrets from him, all the better. Ben looked at him again in trepidation, questioning without speaking. Armitage nodded only once. Bored. That was understandable anyway. Ben's eyes fell shut and he tentatively extended his hands again. Armitage waited to feel something besides awkward. "There," Ben mumbled, eyes still closed, fingers hovering just centimeters away from Armitage's temples. "Can you feel it?" Armitage concentrated. There, there it was: a distant warmth, faint but present, buzzing in the center of his mind. It wasn't painful, nor uncomfortable, but perhaps the fact that it wasn't disturbed him more. A small gasp escaped his lips, he let his eyes shut. "Yes." "Good. You can commit this sensation to memory, so you'll recognize the feeling if anyone tries to pry into your head.” Armitage took a second to process that advice, trying not to feel concerned. “From this level I can read your active thoughts, but if I wanted to get information from you, or alter your memories, I would have to prod deeper, and that, you would definitely feel." "Try me. Guess my homeworld." "Arkanis. I didn't have to guess, you started projecting it as soon as you'd asked the question," he said, laughing. "Try again. Hide something and I'll try to find it." Armitage frowned, opening his eyes and considering punching him right in his crooked teeth. "How am I supposed to hide information when you're already in my head?" "Well, to start with: simply imagine a wall. People will do this instinctively when they learn someone is trying to get into their heads. They build walls around their most precious memories to protect them. It can be effective, but for someone strong in the Force who really wants that information, even the hardest defenses will fall. And it will hurt the harder you try to resist." "Hurt? In what way?" "I can show you." Armitage ignored the flare of apprehension shooting through him and told himself that he wasn't afraid of this. "Tell me what ship I first served on." The warm hum in his mind expand, sliding from one indeterminate end to another, not hurting quite yet. This time, as per Ben's advice, he'd thrown up walls around the name he wanted to keep hidden, but almost instantly, he felt the warmth start to heat those walls and he flinched. "It's okay, I see the walls. I'm just testing your defenses," Ben said. "If it's too much, let me know and I'll relent." "No," Armitage said through grit teeth, not knowing which part he was saying no to. He wanted to know what he felt like, how much he could stand. He struggled against the pressure mounting in his head. It had started to hurt, but he refused to give in that easily. He pushed, and Ben pushed back. He fought against the unseen strength, trying to reinforce the walls he'd built, but they were burning down, ablaze much like that cigarra Ben had taken from him the earlier night. It was too hot, too much, and he didn't know how to stop it. With a shuddering exhale, he conceded defeat and let Ben take the name. "The Ultimatum ," Ben said, opening his eyes. He leaned back with a triumphant smile. "That was pretty good. You learn quickly." Armitage wiped the sweat from his face and neck, the pressure in his head receding and cooling as quickly as it had started. He hadn't realized how fast his heartbeat had become until now. "Yes, well. You still found it," his voice came out ragged and breathy. How embarrassing. Ben shrugged. “Don't be disappointed, it was your first time.” Armitage rolled his eyes. He didn't like not taking to things naturally and had very little patience for Ben's way of teaching without prior tactical instructions. "Do you want to try again?" Ben asked. "Hiding something, I mean?" "I think I'll pass." Ben frowned at him, looking worried for some reason. "Did I... hurt you?" "What? No," he shook his head at the inane question. What kind of person asked something like that? "I mean, yes, it was uncomfortable, but it was nothing I wasn't allowing you to do. Besides, I'm fine now." Ben seemed reassured by the answer, though no more satisfied. He scratched the back of his neck. "There is another way," he said. "Another way to hide your thoughts. It's much harder to master, but far more effective." "Enlighten me." "By not thinking at all. Blank out your mind completely, letting go of all preconceptions of importance. Walls indicate something to hide, which won't keep out someone with dark intentions, but treating every thought and memory with the same amount of indifference makes one thing virtually indistinguishable from the next." "Hmm," Armitage considered. He wasn't sure how well he could simply stop thinking about things, nor how well he could assume indifference about the things he thought about. Collected was not the same as indifferent. "If you want, I'll ask a question this time so you have time to blank out your mind." Armitage frowned. "Come on," Ben goaded, smacking him playfully on the leg. "Try. What have you got to lose? Unless you're scared, of course." That stupid cock-sure grin. Armitage narrowed his eyes. He wasn't scared. Apprehensive, maybe, but not scared. "Certainly not." He would become the station master of his various trains of thoughts, or burn down trying. "Proceed." Ben smiled, reaching out for Armitage's temples again, scooting closer yet, only a hair's distance between their knees. "I'll look for information about your family, if that's all right?" "Fine," Armitage said, gritting his teeth. His family history was practically common knowledge anyway, and he had no secrets to hide. He was long past worrying about those. He belonged to the Order now; all else was unimportant. His father had told him as much when he thrust him into the Academy training program as a child, telling him to make his own way or be destroyed in the process. The time for coddling was over. He let his eyes close when he felt that harmless buzz in his mind. Armitage tried not to think of his family. They weren't important. It was not as easy as it had sounded. The warmth pressed harder on the hazy edges of his mind, but he tried not to focus on it, or anything else. He felt the sweat dripping down his neck and ignored it. He could smell the salty sea air and let it go. His left leg was aching from sitting in this position-- he noticed it and dropped the thought from his mind. Various spots of his consciousness seemed to warm and cool as Ben rifled through his brain, not yet inflicting pain. He tried not to think about it. "Hmm," he heard Ben hum after a few moments of searching. "Well, you have a small family, too, I can sense that right away. But you also seem to think of the Order as your family, which makes this a bit complicated." Armitage grimaced, but worked to remain neutral. The Order was his family. He belonged to no one else. What his father achieved was of no consequence to him; he would not be hidden by his father's shadow, nor defined by his transgressions. He'd worked too hard to be relegated to that. "Your father has the same color hair as you," Ben said, locking in the stray thought that had gotten dislodged at the mention of the Order. Once he'd dug that fact up, it wasn't long before he'd followed that thread to come up with his father's name and title, too. Armitage frowned, the walls he'd hastily tried to imagine broken down before they had a chance to solidify. "Commandant Brendol Hux. Served in the Clone Wars. Seems like a rather ruthless man. Efficient, though." Armitage started to fight back against Ben now, annoyed at having lost again, and suddenly extremely opposed to the idea of Ben poking around in his memories of his father. But, as before, the harder he resisted, the worse the pressure became. "Hey, hey, okay, I'll leave that alone. Indifference, remember?" Ben withdrew his hands and Armitage opened his eyes. The corners had gotten wet and he tried to blink away the evidence, telling himself it was just the pressure in his mind, nothing else. He hated that Ben was looking at him with some weird expression of guilt. Or worse, pity. Ben folded his hands back in his lap, averting his eyes, his mouth twitching. "I don't get along all that well with my father, either," he said softly. “I haven't really seen him in years.” An offering. Hux didn't need his sympathy. "Forget it," he snapped. Ben chewed the inside of his cheek, looking as if Hux had just struck him. “We can stop, if you want?” He sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose as he considered the question. The idea of opening up his mind made him feel vulnerable, which made him feel defensive, again. He already hated the fact that someone like Ben could teach him anything, and definitely resented having to open himself up to learn it. He wanted to take what he wanted, not have to wait to be given it. But that wasn't how this worked, was it? Repressing the bubble of indignation welling in his chest, he straightened up again. "No. Let's see what you can find out about my mother." This would be interesting, given that he couldn't remember his mother, not even her name. He knew he had been taken from her as a child at a time when nothing made sense, but any further questions about her had gone unanswered. At best. It didn't matter. He scolded himself for even getting back onto that line of thinking. Armitage took a steadying breath, trying to clear his thoughts. "Okay." Again he felt Ben's Force tendrils sneaking their way through the ripples of his mind, looking for information. He felt that warm pressure snag on another stray thought of his father and zero in, but carefully this time. Armitage tried to let go of it, to treat it indifferently. It wasn't important. Suddenly, he had a better idea and altered his focus. "Maratelle?" Ben said: the name of Brendol Hux's wife. Armitage felt the pressure withdrawing from his mind and he opened his eyes to see Ben sit back looking uncertain. "Wrong," Hux grinned. Finally, an advantage to all of this-- a way to beat Ben at his own stupid game. Small consolation, but he would take it now. "She wasn't my mother." Ben furrowed his brow. "You're lying." "Try me," Armitage said, pointing to his head. "You'll see that I'm not." Ben blinked. His face scrunched up as he tried to parse the information Armitage was freely offering him. “Impressive,” he said finally. “You managed to throw me off. That doesn't happen often.” Armitage let himself smile, pleased with the defeated pout on Ben's face. It was a good look on him. “You were an illegitimate child,” Ben said, now looking at Armitage with his head cocked to one side. It wasn't a question exactly, but an invitation. Hux's shoulders stiffened, his victory suddenly seeming a bit hollow. If Ben thought that he was going to get under his skin just because he lost, he would have another thing coming. “I take no fault for my father's transgressions.” “Of course not.” Ben blinked. “Why would you?” Armitage looked at him. Again, an honest, innocent question. He stared at him for a beat. He wasn't sure how to deal with those. He shook his head, dropping the matter. Gazing upwards, he noticed that the sky had darkened and the stars were beginning to take form. He contemplated how different everything seemed at night. Free from the sunlight's scrutiny, the nighttime brought about an liberating but unsettling change he couldn't quite describe. He didn't trust it. “That one's the Arkanis system, you know.” Ben said, pointing at a fuzzy cloud of starlight. “But it's a New Republic planet now.” Armitage nodded grimly. One day, it would be back under the banner of the First Order. He would see to it personally if he had to. Ben looked over at him, probably sensing these thoughts. Oh well. Let him. “Let's practice again tomorrow, if you want?” “Very well,” Armitage said, standing. “I'll meet you here again after my shift.” Ben saluted him, his form sloppy. “Goodnight, Major Hux.” Hux was irritated for a fleeting moment but realized Ben wasn't mocking him; he was just a civilian untrained in military etiquette. On second thought, it was almost endearing. Almost. “Goodnight, Ben.” == Chapter 3 Sweat had begun to trickle down his neck. His walls were melting, on fire, the headache searing. He squeezed his eyes shut tighter, feeling hot tears at the corners. They'd been practicing for hours. If he didn't give in soon, he would pass out. But he'd been looking forward to this practice ever since he'd gone back to his bunk last night, determined to improve, to win, and he wasn't ready to let Ben best him just yet. First, Ben had tried teaching him ways to clear his mind. That hadn't been particularly successful. It's not that his mind was cluttered, Ben had told him, but that it was busy. Ceasing all thoughts was something he would have to practice on his own. Thus, Armitage resolved to use their time together to strengthen his mental defenses instead. This proved far more painful as Ben fought back harder, burning up any blockades he could build, but Hux had instructed him not to go easy. Distantly, he heard Ben ask him more than once if he was all right. More intimately, he felt Ben trying to ask it directly into his brain. He put both inquires aside and concentrated on fighting him off. Ben had insisted on having Armitage's hands on his knees while they practiced, in case he needed to stop but became too incapacitated to speak. Armitage had been reluctant at first, but now with his jaw clenched as his mind burned under the struggle, he was grateful that all he had to do was release the fabric of Ben's robes that he held so tightly to tap out. Finally, he did so. “Enough,” he said, bowing his head as the pressure receded. “I can't take any more.” If he hadn't been so exhausted, he probably would have jumped, shocked, when he felt Ben's hands sweep his sweaty hair back from his forehead to rest on either side of his head. “Hey, you did good though. You fight back harder than any of my peers. Most of them probably wouldn't even be able to get through you, and you're not even Force sensitive!” He didn't appreciate the reminder. The ability to sift through minds for information, to burn down their inner defenses, to make someone surrender like that... what he wouldn't give to be able to do these things himself. The doors they could open for him. Seeing—feeling these powers in action just made him want them all the more. He tried to come up with some contemptuous rejoinder, but the mental effort it took to fight against these powers had left him drained. As it was, he was content to have Ben's fingers in his hair, helping him hold his head up. He could have easily collapsed right into his lap otherwise, so tired was he. And-- wait. Had Ben actually complimented him? In his current state, the thought made him laugh. He opened his eyes lazily and saw his own hands still resting on Ben's knees. How tempting it was to just slide his hands up and lean forward, to rest there. Ben looked comfortable, perhaps even accommodating, and Armitage wanted-- Ben cleared his throat. “Hux?” Armitage startled at the realization that he wasn't making any attempts to shield his current thoughts of falling face-first into Ben's lap. Suddenly acutely aware of how close they were, he sat up quickly and withdrew his hands, feeling his face get hot. What was he thinking? Ben looked almost shy, hiding a smile as drew his legs up against his chest and wrapped long arms around them, setting his chin on his knees. His eyes were bright as he looked at Armitage and licked his lips. Hux tried again to find something snide to say but the words stuck in his throat. He wasn't sure what he wanted right now. Why was his heart beating so hard? Ben broke the heavy silence with a cough. “You should keep practicing, though. Both techniques. Eventually it will become second-nature and you'll stop projecting every delirious thought you have.” Armitage screwed his face into a glare, hoping that it was dark enough now to hide his flush. He didn't want to know exactly how much of his mind he had been projecting. Or how much of it was truly delirious. Or why his heart was still hammering in his chest. “Am I the first padawan you've ever met?” Ben asked, a question that might have sounded innocent if not for his smug already-knowing expression. Not for the first time, Armitage wanted to knock that crooked grin off his face. "Are you going to take that from my mind, too, or are you actually expecting an answer?" He replied, still reeling from sitting up too fast and back to feeling defensive. Ben rolled his eyes at Hux. "I don't just take things from people's minds, I already told you: you project. Even when I was in your head, I wasn't prying. That kind of thing is the realm of the dark side." Armitage narrowed his eyes. "How do I know you don't have a dark side?" Ben wilted a bit, biting down hard on his lower lip. “I follow the Jedi Code.” "Ah. Yes," Armitage said leaning back, his palms flat against the wooden deck now. “The Jedi Code. Back to that again, I see.” “The Jedi Code governs our behavior. It's meant to keep us from falling victim to the dark side of the Force,” he explained. “It teaches us to reject our emotions, our passions, and our own desires-- things that could cloud our judgment. In doing so, we're supposed to find peace.” "Peace," Hux laughed, feeling more comfortable now that he was on the offensive again. "You sound like a senator." Ben frowned. "What do you mean?" “What do I mean? I mean that thing sounds an awful lot like the mandate of the New Republic, doesn't it? Maintaining neutrality in the name of 'peace'. Refusing to act, paralyzed with the fear that something could be upset? That's not pacifism; it's a lack of conviction. It's indolence, negligence!” Ben stared openly at him. Armitage shrugged. "But by all means, wrap yourself in self-denial and content yourself with doing nothing. Powers like yours could bring the entire galaxy to its knees if used properly, and I wouldn't want any competition." Ben shot him a look. "It's not that I'm content doing nothing," he began. "I just... don't know what to do about it." Hux sat up again. He wanted to grab him right then, shake him and tell him exactly what he could be doing. Infiltrate the Galactic Senate! Learn their secrets. Destroy their minds. Make more, bigger fireballs and let them hover in the faces of the New Republic cowards until they bend to your will. Amass an army of Force users and serve the First Order. Join me. Join me! I'll tell you exactly what to do. As soon as he saw the flicker in Ben's eye, the twitch of his lips, he knew he'd been projecting again. His defenses were utterly wrecked for the night and he knew it. He quickly threw up whatever mental walls he had left before he could made a bigger fool of himself, it was too late for anything else. Ben looked away quickly, hair falling to shield his face. “I was sworn to uphold the Jedi Code,” he mumbled. Hux wished he had his cigarras about now. He needed something to occupy his hands, giving him something to do to take off some of this tension. He'd forgotten them back on base in all of his haste to leave after his shift. “And disobeying the Code would make you a bad Jedi, wouldn't it?” “There's no such thing as a bad Jedi,” Ben replied, annoyed. “There is only the Force, with the light side and the dark. The Jedi walk the path of the light.” "Then what about the dark?" “The dark is selfish, for personal gain. The last Force users to follow the dark side were the Sith and the Sith no longer exist. They were driven from existence by their own greed for power. True Jedi aren't tempted by the dark side.” Armitage looked over at him. He was working his jaw, chewing the inside of his cheek, keeping his gaze fixed on a cracked piece of the wooden deck. The sun had dipped below the horizon a while ago now and the only light came from the moon reflected on the waves of the sea, giving Ben's skin a faintly blueish quality. “But are you ?” Hux asked in a lowered voice. Ben flicked his eyes up to meet Armitage's then looked away, shrugging hard. His slight fluster was almost unnoticeable. Almost. It wasn't a no. Armitage smirked inwardly but wasn't in the mood to goad him further, not yet. His mind still felt hazy and fractured and he was craving a smoke. “Tomorrow, then?” Ben looked back up at him and smiled softly. “Tomorrow.” “Goodnight, Ben.” Armitage said, standing. “Goodnight, Hux.” Back in his bunk, Armitage laid awake for a long time, contemplating their uneasy friendship (if it could be called that). He wouldn't have guessed the same scowling boy who'd first tried intimidating him only four days ago would now be offering him help on protecting his mind from other Force users. He also wouldn't have guessed that he himself would have ever agreed to let someone freely walk about his carefully compartmentalized mind, but here they were. For someone who was capable of inflicting such pain without even lifting a finger, he had sounded so concerned when he had asked periodically if Armitage was still all right, or when he had insisted that he keep his hands on his knees, just in case. And then at the end, when he'd allowed his aching head to be held by the same hands that had been trying to rip it apart... what was that about? Why had that felt so... comfortable? He'd actually considered lying down in the boy's lap and letting his fingers continue to massage his scalp. With hands, gentle now, and those concern-filled eyes, Armitage could have almost felt safe resting there until he was ready to fight again, finally now having found an adversary that could provide a real challenge, as well as an ally that could provide true protection. Had he gone insane? And was he insane, or had Ben just allowed him to slump over him like that, holding him as he recovered? With his hands resting on Ben's knees, just a touch too intimate, Hux should have expected to be shoved off, not accommodated. But Ben had just smiled softly with those stupidly plush lips of his, pink tongue poking out to wet them as he'd stared at Armitage from behind long eyelashes. Had he imagined it or was that look Ben gave him something hungrier? Fuck. He was still wide awake, with a whole mess of complicated thoughts and feelings coursing through him and now his dick was taking a most-unwelcome interest. Lying in a bunk that squeaked with every movement of its occupant, in a room full of other people who worked rotating shifts, coming and going at any odd hour, there was no rest for him here, no relief. He wanted to be back down on that abandoned pier. He told himself he was foolish for even entertaining such thoughts. Blank out your mind, he told himself. A command he'd learned from Ben. It wasn't working. -- Hux woke the next morning feeling like he'd only gotten about five minutes of restless sleep. It was probably more or less accurate. Still, he extracted himself from bed, showered, and dressed as normal, reaching for his cap on the wall hook before heading off to complete his tasks. "Hey, where were you last night?" Kyyshiv asked, walking in from the washroom with a towel wrapped around his waist, tracking water everywhere. Hux inhaled through his nose. He probably should have had an excuse ready for this, but he hadn't prepared for this and it was too early for him to formulate a proper lie. "I was monitoring our guests." Kyyshiv raised his eyebrows. "I thought we were forbidden from engaging with them." Hux shrugged, feigning casual, almost familiar. "I put that order in place to discourage our subordinates from meddling where they shouldn't and alerting High Command," he said in a quieter voice. “Wait,” said Kyyshiv, looking around the room and leaning in closer. “You haven't informed High Command that we have visitors?” A muscle slid in Hux's jaw. He hadn't expected this to be an issue. “No. I didn't want them getting involved in what is to be a trivial, unimportant matter-- so I took initiative and decided to handle it myself.” Kyyshiv's eyebrows shot up. “I have a conference call with High Command tomorrow night and you're telling me I should just decline to mention the fact that we have five mysterious and unvetted so-called 'Jedi' guests on our base?” Shit. Hux hadn't taken Kyyshiv's position into consideration when he went directly to Snoke. Like Hux, he was also required to submit weekly debriefings to High Command and, like Hux, he had access to the off-planet communication system-- the only other person on base with such privileges. While it had been easy to simply issue a command for the junior officers to steer clear of the Jedi travellers, Kyyshiv shared rank and was thus wholly exempt from such a prohibition. Kyyshiv was normally just so lackadaisical and passive about everything that Hux had completely forgotten that he wasn't the only Major on base. It wasn't like him to slip up like this, he needed to be more careful. He pressed his mouth and shrugged again, still playing at casual and hoping to appeal to his co-major's inertia. “Why mention them at all? They aren't interfering, and I doubt you'd want High Command to get involved, either. Can you imagine the paperwork?” “They're going to find out one way or another, Hux. You honestly believe no one on this base is going to say something? They may not have access to an outside channel, but you can bet, sure as shit, once we're off this planet, word will spread that we let strange, unannounced visitors peruse Vailen III without any authorization whatsoever. And try explaining THAT to the colonels.” Hux grit his teeth, feeling a nervous kind of anxiety building in the pit of his gut. It was something he'd considered, more than once, since his liaison with Snoke, but he had to trust the Supreme Leader's judgment on this. He couldn't exactly tell Kyyshiv about his direct link to Snoke, however. If that got back to High Command, even a simple discharge would be too merciful to hope for. He couldn't risk having the entire chain of command of the First Order finding him devious, untrustworthy, or underhanded... not yet, anyway. He might be able to pretend for a while that his connection with the Supreme Leader could protect him, but even he was not that naïve to believe it. Hux knew how such politics were played: some may find his contact with Snoke intimidating enough to suggest leaving him alone, but more would find it precisely intimidating enough to necessitate forming a bloc to ensure that he was removed from his post and stripped of any sort of power completely. And Hux had no misconceptions of his true importance to the Supreme Leader. This was getting complicated. “It should work itself out.” He said, lamely, racking his sleep-deprived brain for solutions on exactly how this was going to work itself out. “Work itself out? Fuck, Hux, have you seen some of the things those kids down there can do? Lifting boulders, levitation? I know you've heard the stories of ancient Sith Lords and their powers to create lightning, use mind control. And you really want to let them roam around while we sit here doing nothing, not even letting High Command know?” “It's a situation I-- we ,” he begrudgingly corrected-- if he wanted Kyyshiv to side with him on this one, it might be prudent to at least pretend that they were on the same side-- “have under control.” Kyyshiv narrowed his eyes. “You're getting something out of this, aren't you, Hux? I know you have your little reputation for getting your way, but this is something that could come back to bite both our asses and I don't want to be a part of it unless there's something in it for me, too.” Hux tried to shrug off the implications, but he was rattled now and dead against the idea that this moron could blackmail him into reaping the benefits of what Hux was working so hard to achieve for himself. “What would I be getting out of it? I simply didn't figure you'd want to get High Command involved. And if you know what's best, you won't.” “Fuck you. I'm a major, just the same as you, I don't have to take orders from you just because your boots are more polished. My family's in High Command and I'm going to let them know about this when I submit my report tomorrow. If you won't tell me what you're hiding, you can tell it to them.” Hux cast daggers with his glare. “Of course, I should have known you'd be the type to go running to mummy and daddy as soon as a single anomaly fell in your otherwise completely obstruction-free path.” “What's that supposed to mean, asshole?” Hux held his ground, saying nothing. “Sounds like you're just jealous, Armitage. Jealous that at least my parents aren't ashamed to acknowledge my existence.” He flashed a cruel smirk and returned to the showers to dress, leaving Hux boiling with anger and a uneasy anxiety. Never mind the insult that was nothing Hux hadn't heard before. And never mind what High Command would say-- but what would the Supreme Leader think if Hux couldn't deal with this, his first actual mission? And what would become of the Jedi if High Command found out? Of Ben? He needed to stop Kyyshiv from filing that report. “Morning,” a voice called to him brightly as he marched off towards the off-planet communication tower to contact the Supreme Leader for advice. He glanced over. It was Ben. What was he doing here so early? Hux kept walking. “Not now, Ben, I've got work to do,” he called back. It was his fault Hux was in this mess to begin with. Kind of. “What's wrong, Hux?” Ben asked, hurrying to fall in step with Armitage. Hux sighed. “Nothing. Just... coworkers.” “Someone you want me to beat up for you?” Ben said with a dopey grin. Armitage laughed under his breath. He entertained the idea for a brief second and had to admit it was appealing, but he knew better than to let this spiral out of control further. “I wish I could allow that.” “What's up?” He shook his head. “There's another major on this base and he wants to file a report to High Command to inform them of your visit here.” Ben knit his eyebrows. “They don't know we're here?” “No. Well.” fuck. He shouldn't have said anything. It was entirely too early and he hadn't slept nearly enough. He scolded himself for being too forthcoming with this information, not liking the implications of why he would entrust Ben with such things. “The Supreme Leader of the First Order knows, but he has instructed me not to inform the leaders in High Command, my direct superiors.” “Why's that?” “It was not an order for me to question.” Ben nodded, pretending like he understood. “But this jackass you work with, he wants to tell your direct superiors?” “Precisely,” Armitage grimaced. “And it could mean trouble for me if they realize that I was the one who was withholding information from them.” “And he doesn't know that you were in contact with your Supreme Leader?” “No." “And you can't just tell him?” Armitage sighed. “I'm afraid it's not that simple.” The boy nodded again and squinted at Armitage. “I can help you,” he said. Ben stopped walking. Armitage only took a couple more steps before stopping as well and turning back to face Ben. “You... what?” “I can help you. With the Force.” Armitage stared. “With... the Force.” He repeated slowly, skeptically. “Sure,” Ben bit his lip. “I can do lots of things.” Armitage blinked. He hadn't said it to boast; he was simply stating a fact, but Hux wasn't sure exactly what that entailed. He also didn't know whether to be grateful or envious. Regardless, it was too early for either. Ben must have sensed Hux's apprehension because he shrugged. “I won't hurt him, obviously. But I can convince him not to say anything. He won't even know what's happening.” “You can't expect me to believe your Jedi Code would allow such a thing?” “Exceptions can be made for the greater good,” Ben said, his eyes darting nervously. If he was trying to sound confident, it was only a half-success. “Greater good?” Armitage scoffed. “What, helping me?” Ben shrugged again, flushing slightly. “That's what friends do, right?” Hux stared at him. “Friends,” he repeated, slowly, getting a feel for the strange word in his mouth. Something fluttered in his gut. Maybe his chest. He elected to ignore it. “We are friends, right?” Ben asked, forcing a lopsided smirk. Armitage knew Ben was trying to play the question off as a joke, but the worry on his awkward face detracted from the humor. He couldn't help the soft smile that made its unfamiliar way to his lips. He'd had allies before, friendly acquaintances, but a friend? Someone who associated with him without intent to gain favour or power? Normally he would be more suspicious of such a person, but the way Ben wore his feelings so openly plain on his face and body language negated any doubts: he earnestly enjoyed Hux's company. It was strange. Armitage couldn't deny a... reciprocated enjoyment. He swallowed, stamping down the excitement bubbling within him, afraid to explore this feeling any further. “What do you want in return?” He asked instead. “In return?” He sounded genuinely confused. Of course he did. Armitage rolled his eyes. “You're doing me a favor, what do you require as repayment?” “I wasn't planning on asking for anything as payment, but since you're offering, what are my options?” He asked, breaking into a smile. Armitage pressed his lips, trying to be annoyed with Ben, but finding that he wasn't. Not really. Sighing, he dug into his pocket and pulled out his cigarra case. “A smoke,” he offered. “And I might still have half a bottle of mid-rim whiskey tucked away in my bunk somewhere.” Ben wrinkled his nose at the cigarras but looked up at the mention of alcohol. “You have booze?” “Not much, but it's hard to get supplies out here, so it's highly valuable for trade leverage.” “Deal,” Ben said enthusiastically, sticking out his hand, which Hux shook, his eyebrows raised. Hux pocked his cigarras. He was secretly glad Ben didn't take him up on the smokes; he used them as an excuse to avoid mingling with others on this base. It was easier to part with the alcohol. Were the Jedi actually allowed to drink? Everything about this transaction seemed odd, but he wasn't in a position to question it. “We're still going to meet up later after your shift, right? For practice?” Hux brought his hand back to his side. “If you want.” “Cool,” Ben smiled. “I'll see you later then. And I'll take care of your problem in the meantime. You don't have to tell me which one he is," he pointed to his temple and winked. "I already got it." Armitage watched as Ben strode off back in the direction of the temple with a strange feeling overcoming him. It was something more than simply gratitude at Ben's offer to help, and he didn't want to know what that meant. He also tried not to acknowledge the lingering doubt in Ben's abilities. There was always the possibility that this could backfire, badly. He took off his cap and ran his hand through his slicked hair. This was a risk, a gamble, but probably his best option at the moment. He had to give him his trust. It was not something that came easily to the young major. == Chapter 4 == A misfiled report by one of the junior lieutenants delayed the end of Armitage's shift that evening, much to his continual frustration. All day his thoughts had been occupied with anxiety over Kyyshiv and his deal with Ben. His attempts at the mind-calming meditation techniques Ben had tried teaching him were met with mild success, though deeper still he knew it should concern him that thoughts of Ben offered this sort of gentle relief. A thousand 'what if' still questions plagued him, none of which he had any answers to or solutions for. It was out of his hands now. He hoped against hope than Ben would pull through on his end of the bargain and tried to let the rest of his anxiety go. There was, however, a fine line between "letting go" and "repressing", the precise boundaries of which remained elusive to him. Regardless, both were a means to an end, and no matter which mental trick he was employing, he intended to keep up his own half of the deal. The sun was already going down as he made his way back to his dormitory-- at a pace too quick to be considered walking-- to fetch the bottle of alcohol from his secret hiding spot. He wouldn't be too sorry to see it go. Drinking alone was never something he'd found enjoyment in, and there was no way he was going to share this with anyone in his squadron. He retrieved the booze and held it up by the neck. Thus far untouched, the translucent liquid shimmered in the fading daylight. A good omen. He concealed the spot with some old machinery pieces that went forever overlooked and stood. Spinning around, he surprised himself by running smack into Kyyshiv. “Oh. Um.” Hux faltered, instinctively hiding the bottle behind his back. Kyyshiv didn't seem to notice. In fact, Hux wasn't even sure if Kyyshiv noticed anything . His eyes were a bit glossed, expression vacant. "Are you all right?" He asked, tentatively waving his hand in front of his eyes when Kyyshiv failed to respond. Had Ben done something irreversible? “Major Hux,” Kyyshiv said, snapping to attention with a salute and startling Hux. “The Jedi travellers on our island are harmless and their business here is of no consequence to me. I am not to go near them until the day of their departure and I am not to breathe a word of their visit to High Command.” Hux's eyes narrowed suspiciously, his grip still tight on the bottle behind his back. “You were right, Major. For the remaining duration of our stationing here, I am to defer to your authority.” Weak-willed people are easily manipulated by simple mind tricks. Ben's words rang in his head. Hux fought to repress the smile threatening to break through. “I've prepared my report for tomorrow, if you'd like to see it,” Kyyshiv said airily, offering Hux a datapad. He reached out to snatch the datapad from Kyyshiv's outstretched hand and played back the recorded transmission. It was true: there was not a single mention of the Jedi guests. He couldn't hold back his smile now. Ben had made good on his promise after all. And who cared if this were irreversible? He straightened and handed back the datapad. “I approve.” “At your permission, I'll submit it now, sir.” His attention was still elsewhere, but Hux nodded and watched as he hit send. Kyyshiv didn't seem to notice as Hux brushed past him, back outside, giddy with excitement and still clutching the liquor by the bottleneck. But the daylight was almost completely gone now. Suddenly, he felt a sinking sort of disappointment in his stomach, surely Ben wouldn't still be waiting for him. He cursed and started coming up with ways to apologize as he hurried to the abandoned pier. A surprising amount of relief washed over him when he arrived to find Ben sitting cross-legged at the end of the wooden deck, eating some sort of giant yellow fruit he must have picked from the nearby trees. Ben held it out to him, offering, as he approached, but Armitage put a hand up to decline. He didn't even know what thing was. Did Ben? Ben shrugged as he finished it and chucked the scraps off the side of the pier. Wiping his hands on his robes, he looked up at Armitage, whose face had now contorted in disgust. “Busy day?” “Unfortunately just mere incompetency,” Armitage sighed. Ben made a noise in understanding and nodded. “I didn't expect you to wait for me.” “Were you worried I wouldn't be here?” Ben said, not even trying to hide his smile. “Not worried .” Hux said quickly. He hadn't been worried. It was just that... he'd felt bad? No, somehow that was even worse. “Never mind. Here.” He handed his bottle to Ben, who took it with all the embarrassing over-excitement of someone who's clearly not supposed to be drinking. Hux barely managed to suppress an eye roll. “I ran into Kyyshiv.” “And?” Ben was grinning, chuffed, as he unscrewed the cap. Armitage couldn't suppress an eye roll at that. He undid the top button of his tunic and began rolling up his sleeves. “What do you want, a pat on the back for doing what you were supposed to do?” Ben wrinkled his nose and stuck out his tongue, but not even Hux's casual sideswipe of a worthy accomplishment-- a gaslighting strategy taken directly from the pages of his father-- seemed to dampen his spirits. "Am I to believe the Jedi Code allows for intoxication?" Ben pulled a face. "Yeah, well. I haven't drank since I've been in training. Besides, this is a reward." "A reward for breaking certain other Jedi rules?" Armitage smirked. “It's different if you're doing it to help a friend!" "Oh, is it?" Hux asked, amused by Ben's questionable sense of judgment. He realized he was shooting himself in the foot here, but as it was, he found himself stuck on how Ben just had called him a friend again. He'd had allies before, friendly acquaintances, but a friend? Someone who associated with him without intent to gain favour or power? Normally he would be more suspicious of such a person, but the way Ben wore his feelings so openly plain on his face and body language negated any doubts: he earnestly enjoyed Hux's company. It was strange. But Armitage couldn't deny a... reciprocated enjoyment. "I was doing you a favor!" It was true, and Armitage knew it. He relented, not sure entirely why he'd been so inclined towards cruelty in the first place. His insides twinged with regret and he had another strange urge to come up with an apology that sounded sincere. None materialized, but when he looked down at Ben, he found him smiling anyway. Projecting. “Cheers!” Ben said as he took a large swig. Hux had half-expected him to come up coughing and making a face, sputtering something about it being 'too strong', but instead he just looked thoughtful, examining the bottle and taking another drink. "It's smoky." Armitage took the container back and drank from it himself as if he had something to prove. "It's made from a fermented succulent, native to the last planet I was stationed on. I picked it up before leaving." "Mirrha?" "How did you know that?" Hux asked, surprised. Ben shrugged. "My dad used to make smuggling runs there. Dry place, really different from here." Hux hummed. So his father was a smuggler. Ben had travelled a bit. That made some sense. "Mirrha did have a rather large smuggling problem." Not so much anymore, he thought to himself proudly. "Was that why you were there?" He asked when Armitage finally came to sit cross-legged beside him, looking out over the sea. "To stop smugglers?" Hux made a noise in affirmation and passed the bottle back to Ben. "While my platoon was stationed there we cracked down on smuggling rings and enforced strict customs regulations. Revenue from tariffs and duties increased significantly. The planet became one of the most prosperous in its system." "Wow, taxation." Ben said dryly, taking another swig in exaggerated sarcasm. "Fascinating." Hux leered at him. "The quality of life for the planet's natives will likewise improve thanks to the surplus in their government's treasury." "A true humanitarian." "Shut up," Hux snatched the bottle back from Ben and took a drink. Ben laughed. "We're putting the galaxy back in order. It's more than you or your smuggler father can say." Armitage was suddenly hit with a flash of horror, wondering if perhaps Ben's father had been one of the criminals his squadron had apprehended. He hadn't directly been involved with the punishment of suspects, but there were widespread rumors of torture that were maybe more than just rumors. "He wasn't," Ben said, overhearing these thoughts. He shook his head and looked away. "He was always afraid of getting involved in deals that meant getting things through the First Order. Mom would have killed him herself if he'd tried." Hux smiled a bit, both with relief and with pride. He realized he liked learning these small things about Ben, it gave him a fuller picture of the boy sitting next to him. “You know, I was thinking last night,” Ben said. “You'd said you can't remember your birth mother.” “That is correct,” Armitage said stiffly, passing the bottle back to Ben. “I was taken from her when I was very young.” “I...” Ben started hesitantly, “I don't know how well it would work, but I might be able to look through your memories, if you want?” He paused, biting at his lip again before continuing. “It would be a different kind of mental exercise, but I might be able to find things that you didn't even know you had stored away.” Armitage frowned. He was bristling on this inside, uncomfortable at the mere suggestion. Ben took a drink and passed it back to him. He sipped at it while he processed the proposition. It was an interesting opportunity to be sure, but something deeper in him recoiled at the idea. “No.” He said, finally. “It's not relevant to my life now.” Ben regarded him oddly, then looked away. “It must be strange,” he said after a beat. “What?” “To have such a strong sense of belonging.” “What do you mean?” He handed the bottle back to Ben, who drank from it-- generously-- before replying. “The Order, it's your entire life. You know your place within it, and exactly what you want out of it.” Armitage shrugged. It didn't seem that hard to him. He supposed he hadn't been given any alternatives, but what alternatives were there? Surely he wouldn't have wanted to become a dithering senator, nor a lawless smuggler. He'd once, as a child, entertained the idea of being a bounty hunter, but why spend your life chasing petty rulebreakers when you could be the one setting the bounty out in the first place? No, the First Order suit him, and his ambitions, perfectly. As Ben had rightly said, he knew his place within the military and exactly what he wanted out of it. “I wish I had that, is all.” Ben said with a sigh. Armitage stayed silent a moment, let Ben have his sulk. “You're not like your peers, are you?" Ben held the bottle and frowned, looking caught halfway between owning that truth and on the verge of tears, years of silent loneliness pouring out from him. Armitage knew full well that being different wasn't always, or even usually, a compliment, but shrugged away the sympathy he felt creeping up on him. “You're better than them, stronger. Don't apologise for it.” Ben turned to him with watery eyes, smiling fondly. “Yeah.” Armitage sat up straighter, clearing his throat, ignoring the pounding in his chest. “What about your parents? Are they like you?” He asked, feeling oddly open to indulging his curiosity as Ben handed him the bottle again. He'd been saving this drink throughout his deployment, for what, he wasn't sure, but he was suddenly glad it had been for this. And now with it almost gone, he was feeling more than a little tipsy. It had been awhile for him, too. “Can they use the Force?” “My mother can, but she wasn't trained. She pretends like she can't. It's tiring. She won't even acknowledge it most of the time, won't even try,” Ben said. “But my father, no. He's even worse than you --no offense,” he added when Armitage cut him a side-eyed glare. Armitage rolled his eyes. “But that's why they sent me away, I guess.” “Sent you away? To Jedi school?” “Yeah,” Ben sniffed, taking the bottle back and finishing it off. “That's why I'm here. They didn't want to deal with me anymore, I guess. Too busy with their own fucking problems. And my dad, he just... doesn't get it at all, what it's like, how it feels. He'd prefer it if I were more like him, I'm sure. Thinks he's so great.” He pitched the empty bottle far out into the sea and scowled. They fell back into a kind of brooding silence. Armitage peered over at him, looking sullen and cross. He was overcome with an uncharacteristic urge to reach out to the boy and pull him close for a hug, but he'd never done such a thing in his entire life and honestly didn't know how to start. There had never been training for that. “I suppose my father was much the same,” he said instead, somehow feeling better for divulging this. "I can't imagine he was pleased to learn that his affair had produced a child, especially not one such as I was." Armitage could feel Ben peeking at him, attempting to parse this statement through the Force. "Such as you were?" Hux did what he could to boot Ben out of his mind. "I've been told I wasn't always so... tenacious." Ben's brow creased as if he were struggling to imagine this. "We had our... differences. He did what he could to make me like him, and when it wasn't enough, he sent me to the Academy," Armitage continued, tongue feeling loosened by the alcohol. "That seemed to do the trick." "You don't have... differences anymore?" Hux pressed his lips, not sure how to respond. He shrugged. "Sure we do. But now where we differ, I can hold my own ground. I know who I am, what I want." "What you want." Ben mused softly. "But still above all else, you want his approval. You're afraid you'll never live up to his expectations and are willing to do anything to prove him wrong about you, to get him to say he's proud of you. That you're not useless." Armitage didn't at first believe what he'd just heard. He turned to gape at him, but Ben just shrugged as if he hasn't just casually invaded the private place where he concealed his embarrassing truths. "I sensed it when we were practicing before. Same as I sensed you loved your mother, even if you don't remember her.” This stunned Armitage further into a furious silence. He felt his face flushing. How dare he presume to know anything. He was suddenly overcome with a thousand unprocessed emotions and memories he'd long tried to repress, feeling dizzy and perhaps a bit sick. He recoiled. He really should have known better than to let Ben wander around freely in his mind. He'd been taught better than that. “Sorry,” Ben said, taking note of Armitage's sudden mood shift. “Hux?” “I should go,” Armitage said, making to stand. “Wait, please!” Ben grabbed him by the wrist, not letting go when Hux angrily tried to wrench his arm free. “I'm sorry. I didn't mean to... I fucked up. I shouldn't have-- . Please. Don't go,” he begged, boring into his eyes with pleading desperation. “I'm not making fun of you. I... like talking with you. You're... different, too. No one else is like you.” Armitage swallowed, feeling frozen. He fleetingly wondered if that was the first time someone had ever called him that and didn't mean it as an insult, but rather... a commendation? Or, stranger yet, common ground. He grit his teeth. He didn't know what to make of this feeling that was growing in him regarding Ben. This odd warming sensation that caused him to want to know more about Ben, the person, made him want to tell Ben things about himself that he would have never dreamed of telling anyone else, willing to overlook what should have been unforgivable. Ben had already seen into him, could have seen the worst of him, honestly, but was still here, holding onto him as if afraid to let go. "Stay. Please." Maybe it was just the alcohol, maybe it was something more. Making no attempt to shake Ben's hand from his wrist, he sighed and settled back onto the deck beside him. Ben sat staring at his hand on Armitage's wrist for just a bit longer than could be played off before retracting it too quickly. Armitage missed it as soon as it left. He didn't say so outright, but the walls he put up against the thought were paper-thin, just asking to be set ablaze. Projecting. Ben was staring at him now, wide-eyed. “You're not afraid of me at all, are you?” “Why would I be?” “Most people are, when they see how strong I am with the Force.” Armitage normally would have rolled his eyes, but again, it wasn't something Ben was saying to brag; it was just the truth. “Well, I'm not.” Also the truth. Ben smiled brightly. Looking down, he bit his lip. Armitage wondered if Force-projection could flow both ways, because he could swear he felt waves of gratitude emanating from Ben and crashing into him again and again. Maybe an apology, too. I'm sorry. Sometimes I don't know how to navigate the boundaries of my own powers. Maybe you can help me. Armitage scooted just slightly closer, their shoulders nearly touching. They talked for a while into the night, about nothing in particular: which constellations they could pick out, which planets they'd visited, their favorite music-- though they had no commonalities there, people they hated (that was a particularly lengthy discussion), Hux's experiences with combat, Ben's first forays into using mind manipulation to get what he wanted, and how badly he'd been scolded once his mother found out. Feeling a sleepy, maybe also a little drunk, Armitage eventually laid back on the deck to stare up at the stars, his legs stretched out and hanging over the edge of the pier. Ben hovered over him a moment with a goofy smile, then copied his position, his hands folded under his head. “Which one did you come from?” Armitage asked, gesturing to the sky. “I spent a lot of time on Chandrila as a kid, then Hosnian Prime.” Ben said, pointing to their corresponding stars. “Really? Your accent doesn't sound like it comes from the Core Worlds.” Ben shrugged. “We moved around a lot. I don't feel like I really have a home planet. I spent a lot of my childhood travelling on ships with my dad while my mom was working. She didn't like it, but there wasn't much she could do, she was always too busy for anything but work." “What did she do?” “She's a senator.” Armitage had to laugh at that. Of fucking course she was. The one thing more distasteful to him than being a renegade smuggler. He groaned, passing a hand over his face. “That explains a lot, actually.” "Yeah? Like what?" "Your reluctance to take action, for one," Hux said. "Your preference to have others tell you how to live, for another. This whole concept of 'balance'." “Shut up,” Ben said, only half-defensively, smacking at Hux with one hand. “My mother doesn't dictate my life.” “Is that so?” Hux teased, perhaps slightly maliciously, still half-wanting to get back at him for his earlier mind-ransacking. “Then she wasn't the one to send you away to Jedi school?” Ben pushed himself to his elbows and sneered over him. “Oh, like your father shipped you off to the Academy?” “I could have left at any time,” Hux shrugged, refusing to rise to the bait. “But it was right for me, so I stayed. I chose to stay.” Ben rolled his eyes at him. “Well I'm choosing to stay, too.” “Choosing to do nothing, you mean.” “Hey, fuck you,” Ben swore, punching Hux's shoulder lightly. “I already told you-- I'm trying to find peace through the Force.” “Peace.” Armitage shook his head. “You could do so much better serving the First Order.” “The First Order, or you? Hux snorted, then looked up at Ben, who was staring at him intently. His skin had started to flush. Armitage swallowed and lowered his voice, feeling bold. "Let me ask you this, Ben," he reached up to touch the braid hanging loose in the padawan's hair, sliding his fingers down to the frayed end. "Does this monastic lifestyle satisfy you?" He brought his hand to rest on his own chest again where his heart was drumming hard. Ben considered his answer, his fingers mimicking Hux's as they worked their way down the braid in his hair to rub idly at the loose end. "I don't know," he admitted after a moment's pause. "I want to find peace, but I also want more, you're right. But if I continue to follow this path, I will eventually be able to let go of my desire for more. That's the entire point." Armitage propped himself up on his elbow, turning to face Ben full on. “Don't settle for mediocrity under the guise of 'peace'. By doing so, you choose to blind yourself to the truths of the world, thus relegating yourself to a meaningless existence.” He said, impassioned. “Instead of letting go of your desire, let go of your inhibitions.” Hux had always been a good speaker, and he loved the way he could capture attention; just the way Ben was staring at him now, utterly transfixed, his lips slightly parted and trembling, stoked his adrenaline rush. A wild thought crossed Armitage's mind: he wanted to kiss that mouth. He didn't even try to conceal it. Ben trapped his lower lip between his teeth again. “Hux,” he spoke in a voice barely above a whisper, "I'm not. I'm not satisfied. At all." Excitement welled up in Armitage's chest and coursed its way through his veins, his heart beating hard. "Come here," he said, reaching for him. Ben's eyes widened, his breath catching. He gasped as Armitage drew him near. He could hear Ben's heart pounding in his chest, could tell Ben didn't know where to put his hand, but he felt it settle on his thigh, fingers sliding up the fabric of his uniform pants. Armitage leaned forward to place his mouth on Ben's quivering lips, drinking in Ben's hushed murmur. He licked at the swell of his lower lip until Ben opened just enough for Armitage to slip his tongue inside, tasting liquor and tropical fruit, sweet and tangy. When he pulled back, he did so slowly, smiling. The flush high on Ben's cheeks told him a lot: first, Ben had likely never done anything like this before, second, he was no longer planning to pretend he had a sincere interest in divesting himself of his want to change that. He noticed the corner of Ben's mouth twitching shyly, afraid to upturn completely, as if still weighing the importance of this transgression. He leaned in towards Ben again, pausing again just before making contact, waiting. He didn't have to wait for long. Ben's lips were open and back on his instantly, aching and hungry for more. Ben was practically climbing onto his lap now, and Armitage allowed it. Ben's hands slid up his side to his shoulder blades as he kissed back, sloppy and over-eager. "I shouldn't be doing this.” Ben whispered. “Who's going to find out?” Armitage whispered back, nipping at his ear. “Are you afraid your teacher is going to read your mind? See what you've been up to?” “He has no idea what's in my mind,” Ben said, squirming as Armitage mouthed his way down his neck. “Shh,” Armitage shushed, licking lightly at the artery in Ben's neck. “I won't tell him.” Armitage's was already hard by now and could feel Ben's own arousal caught between their bodies. He shifted, rutting up against him and eliciting another surprised gasp from Ben's lips. He licked his way back up to Ben's mouth to catch the next one as he rubbed up against him again. If this had been just another late night boozy encounter with some random Academy classmate, their pants would probably already have been down around their ankles, slick fingers desperately grasping at each other, forgoing any of this mouth-kissing and mutually assuring their own silence, but he didn't feel that frantic pressure with Ben, nor the necessity for detachment. Quite the opposite-- he wanted to take it easy, slow enough to enjoy themselves and commit this to memory. This was an entirely new-- terrifying-- experience. “Hux,” Ben whispered in between breaths, “I've been wanting to do this since I first overheard your stupid fantasies.” “Good," Hux said, grinning. "You lonely boy.” Ben nodded, pinching his eyes shut, perhaps hoping Armitage wouldn't notice them getting wet. Ben wrapped his arms around him and held him close. "It's--" He'd once learned this from someone. "Okay. It's okay." The words sounded foreign coming out of his mouth, but somehow right. “Ben." Despite feeling awkward, he let his arms wrap around Ben in kind. "You're okay.” This was something his mother used to do, to say, to him when he'd come crying her as a child. The realization startled him. He swallowed and hugged Ben tighter. “I just... didn't think you. Would--,” Ben stammered. “With me.” “You're not a very good mind reader after all, then, are you?” Ben's entire face lit up when he pulled back and smiled. He looked down, grinning and flushed. “How many times do I have to tell you I don't just go spying.” “You weren't even tempted?” “I mean, I was but...” “Are you still afraid of the dark side?” Ben sucked in a deep breath, his eyes boring into Armitage's. “No.” Armitage's eyes fell shut as Ben leaned forward for another kiss, which he opened for, again and again. Fuck embarrassment-- this was the best thing that had happened to him this entire deployment and he was going to enjoy every moment of it. It was the reward he deserved. He earned this. It was his . His lap eventually grew tired of Ben's weight and Armitage was forced to roll them onto their sides, each with an arm under the other, their legs tangled and foreheads pressed together. Thus, they lay entangled on the pier for another long while, exchanging unrefined kisses and more old stories with a mixture of eye rolls and easy laughter. “I should get back to base,” Armitage eventually said with a sigh as another constellation began to rise over the horizon, signalling dawn's rapid approach. “I have to work soon and I can't show up smelling like booze and. Well, you.” Ben smiled sadly and pressed his forehead into Armitage's shoulder. “Yeah. I should go back to my shuttle, too. I wish you could come back with me.” Armitage scoffed at him, reaching over to brush his cheek, patchy with unshaven fuzz. “I'll see you tomorrow.” Ben didn't even try to hide the way he leaned into the touch. There was something disarmingly addictive about this feeling. "Yes." Inhaling, he withdrew his arms and pushed himself up. He offered his hand to Ben, who took it and stood in kind, then leaned in to peck him on the mouth again. The alcoholic buzz may have been wearing off, but it was replaced by a different, more substantial, fulfilling kind of buzz that Armitage had no words for or experience with. They kissed once more, wet and gross, and Armitage smiled to himself the entire way back to his dormitory. At some point during the night, Hux's comm began buzzing loudly, knocking him out of a fitful sleep. He fumbled around in the dark until his fingers found their way to the familiar metal shape and turned it over to see what High Command could possibly want from him now. When he read the callback number, he nearly fell out of his bunk. It wasn't High Command. It was Supreme Leader Snoke. Chapter 5 Notes: soo... I did some major deviations from my original plan because I kept hating everything and fucking with it lollll and now I don't know if this will actually stay as 6 chapters or if I'll extend it to 8 or if I'll just end up setting my computer on fire after all lmaooooo %) anyway, here's this, way overdue. -- His stomach suddenly dropping, Armitage kicked the thin sheet from his legs and sprung out of bed, madly groping for a light so he could redress. He scrambled to the closet, pulling on a fresh tunic and trousers, fumbling for his hat as he practically fell over himself to pull on his boots before grabbing his comm device and sprinting to the holochamber on the other side of the base. Most of his tipsy haze had worn off by this point, but his mouth felt dry and his eyes were aching with lack of rest. Licking his lips, he wondered if anyone would be able to smell the alcohol on his breath; he'd forgotten to brush his teeth when he'd slipped into his bunk last night and wasted no time doing so before rushing out of the dormitories. Scent was blissfully not a sense transmitted by holo, so at least he didn't have to concern himself with being discovered by the Supreme Leader in that way, but a sudden flash of alarm hit him at the thought that perhaps Leader Snoke was as attuned to the Force as Ben. And if the Supreme Leader could see into Hux's head as easily as Ben was able to... his stomach clenched at the thought of it. At best, his relations with Ben would be considered highly unprofessional-- not a trait he wanted associated with himself. At worst... Hux didn't want to think about it. Either way, there was no undoing what had been done. His fingers shook as he punch in the Supreme Leader's access code and waited for him to appear, bowing when he did. “Major Hux,” the hologram boomed, echoing in the empty room. “Report.” “I--” he opened his mouth, but realized he had no idea what he was supposed to be giving report on. “Supreme Leader, what do you wish to know first?” He said, hoping that question would mask his misunderstanding. “The Jedi. I sense they are still in range.” Of course. He took a steadying breath and composed himself. “Yes. It has been four Valien days since the Jedi Master arrived with his four apprentices. He surrendered his lightsaber to First Order customs for the duration of his stay and does not appear to be otherwise weaponised. He has spent his entire time in meditation since arrival and I have been told he is not to be disturbed.” If Snoke thought that was as odd as Hux did, he gave no indication. Hux pretended it was of no importance to him, either. “And the apprentices?” Snoke asked. Hux swallowed. This is where he would have to be careful. “They seem to spend their time either meditating or practicing with the Force. I have instructed the rest of the crew to leave them be, as per your order.” “And you,” Snoke said, looking down at him now. “Have you spoken with them?” Hux felt his insides wither. He wondered if the Supreme Leader was in his head, lurking, his presence going undetected, even with Hux's attempts at mental vigilance. “I--” he took a deep breath. It would do no good to lie. “Yes, Supreme Leader.” The Supreme Leader fell silent, contemplating Hux's punishment, probably. He was going to get himself discharged. At best. Killed, more like. “And?” Hux faltered, swallowing hard again though his mouth felt dry. His stomach had knotted, his heart was racing. He was starting to lose the feeling in the tips of his fingers, but he made a concentrated effort not to move them in such a way that would betray this fact. “Supreme Leader?” “Your assessment of the Jedi.” Hux wished he knew what the Supreme Leader was trying to get at. He felt sick with anxiety, afraid of saying the wrong thing, but he knew it would be worse if this was on display. With remarkable effort, he kept his exterior perfectly composed. “They seem to be pacifists. Dedicated students of the Force, they seem to have no further ambitions beyond upholding their Jedi Code.” “Unfortunate.” Snoke made a low rumbling noise of displeasure in the back of his throat. “The Jedi will invoke their Code to interfere with the actions of the First Order. They want to maintain peace above all. His hand curled into a fast at the armrest of his throne. “They will see the First Order as a threat to that peace.” Hux stiffened. Though Snoke's scrutiny was off of him, Hux wasn't liking this new direction, either. “Supreme Leader,” he said before he had the chance to really analyze what he was about to say. “There is one who doesn't seem to fit well with the other three. He's more...” Hux regretted the word the moment it passed his lips, “passionate.” Snoke's black eyes swiveled down to regard Hux. “Ambitious,” Hux corrected, wishing that word had come to mind before 'passionate' had. He pressed forward, cursing his poor choices and hoping to anything that Snoke was not the mind reader he feared he could be. “Ben is his name. I believe that, with the right direction, he could become an ally.” “Ben,” Snoke mused, distant. His eyes closed and for a long time, he said nothing else-- so long that Hux began to wonder if he'd fallen asleep. Just before Armitage began to fidget, Snoke's large eyes snapped open again. "A long time has passed since I have been in contact with Ben." Armitage's expression must have slipped, for Snoke continued, "Don't seem so surprised, Major. I am connected to a great many by the Force." Hux felt the corner of his mouth twitch, but he kept his mouth shut on the matter. It was not a subject for him to speak to. This was a very tenuous situation he'd wandered into and the slightest move could shift the balance and send the entire thing toppling. For multiple reasons, many of which Hux did not want to address directly, he was going to do his best to keep this afloat. “Ben is an interesting case. Strong potential, in both the light and the dark: the perfect embodiment of the Force.” Hux stood straighter, his chest puffed out with a small amount of relief and, oddly enough, pride. He almost thought to mention that Ben's mother was a senator but held his tongue. If it were true that the he had had contact with Ben before, it was likely the Supreme Leader already knew this. “The Jedi must be stopped before they can mount a significant resistance to us,” Snoke continued. “If he can be brought to the dark side, our task will be made far simpler.” “Shall I present the idea to him, Supreme Leader?” Hux asked, trying his best not to sound as invested in the person as the result. For the first time since Armitage had mentioned Ben, Snoke cast his full attention down at him. “Do you believe he trusts you?” Armitage kept his face as even as he could manage. “Yes.” “Good,” Snoke said with a growl. “If what you say is true, it would be align with visions I have long sensed.” “Supreme Leader, what is your command?” “Bring him to me, it is time I conversed with him again.” “Yes, Supreme Leader.” "The ways of the Force can be so hard to predict," Snoke's attention was elsewhere again. "But my senses bode well." Snoke's mouth curled into an unkind smile before he looked back down at Hux. "Go. Tend to your duties, Major. Contact me when the padawan is ready to meet." “Yes, Supreme Leader.” After the holo had faded, Hux left the chamber feeling emboldened. He liked that he had direct access to the Supreme Leader, that Snoke had asked him for his assessment and judgment, and he felt more good about the level of confidence the Supreme Leader had placed in him. Moreover, he felt almost giddy with excitement that his plan to bring Ben to the First Order was being sanctioned, equally pleased that Snoke had entrusted him to this task specifically. The sun was beginning to rise over the water horizon already, the sky a soft shade of pale pink with yellowing edges. Armitage resigned himself to not sleeping and went back to his dormitory to get ready for the morning. The day passed largely without incident: supplies came and went, inventories were taken, and still the clouds showed no signs of raining. Hux watched silently as the clock ticked away the last minute of his shift, not once taking his eyes off of it. Though he was only scheduled half of a normal shift today, it felt twice as long. He'd been daydreaming about his plans to bring Ben to the First Order all day. He pictured them training together, carrying out routine patrols side by side. He imagined that, in reality, there would be little overlap between Ben's Force training and his own military duties, but he liked to pretend that they'd still have time to learn to work together as they each advanced and strengthened until, finally, they were at the head of the Order. And then, the galaxy. It wasn't treasonous, Hux reasoned; Snoke's presence and factor into this fantasy was simply not acknowledged here. The clocked turned over, and Armitage was out the door, on his way to the abandoned pier. Ben was already waiting for him at the end of the dock, sitting crosslegged on the deck. "Hey!" He said brightly, a faint pink blush coloring his cheekbones. "How was work?" Armitage made a noncommittal noise and Ben laughed. "That good, eh?" Ben scooted over to make room for Hux beside him. “Man, I was so hungover this morning. It's been a while since I'd had anything to drink. That stuff you had was strong; my head was pounding for hours after I woke up!” He looked up, flashing Hux that crooked smile. “It was worth it though.” His pink flush grew a bit darker when Armitage smiled back at him, feeling his own face get hot. Ben patted the deck next to him, indicating for Hux to sit. “How about you, did you sleep okay?” “Not much,” Armitage admitted. “I had an urgent call this morning, not long after I'd gotten back to my bunk.” “A call?” “The Supreme Leader of the First Order,” Hux said. “He wishes to meet with you.” “W—what?” Ben's brow creased. “What do you mean?” “Exactly what I said,” Armitage replied, masking his proud smirk with an impassive shrug and finally taking a seat beside Ben on the pier. “Why?” “I told him you had potential. That he should consider drafting you into the First Order.” Ben's face lit up. “You did?” His grin was infectious. Armitage found himself unable to hold back a smile of his own. Ben bit his lip and looked away. “I hope you don't mind,” Armitage said. “But I can't stand the thought of such potential going to waste.” Ben turned back to him with an even wider grin. Armitage studied his face as he processed these events. Slowly, Ben's smile faded back into a look of concern. “But, the First Order...” He began, trailing off. “Is the only entity out there actively working to change the galaxy.” Hux supplied. Ben shot him a look. “Yeah, you should hear some of the things that get said about you people.” Armitage lifted one shoulder. He'd heard it all before, in intercepted propaganda feeds. What the First Order was trying to do was beyond the understanding of the New Republic cowards and he was above explaining it. “You know my feelings on the matter.” “Regardless,” Ben said, shaking his head. “What did he say, your Supreme Leader? He wants to recruit me?” Armitage shrugged. “I expect he'll tell you when we conference with him.” “Conference with--! Wow,” Ben laughed nervously. “Does he know I can use the Force?” “He can, too, apparently.” Ben looked surprised. “Oh? Why didn't you tell me sooner? It's really rare to meet someone who can use the Force.” “I didn't know myself until I spoke with him this morning, to be quite honest. There are rumours, of course, but he is not known for being... forthcoming, and especially not those outside of High Command.” “Well you must be pretty special if he's talking to you,” Ben grinned, nudging Armitage with his elbow. “And me too, I don't even have a rank at all!” He laughed to himself and Hux rolled his eyes. “Wow. The First Order. Think I'll be a major, too? Major Ben Solo,” he said, splaying his hands out in front of him. “Ooh, or General Solo?” He pulled a face. “Ugh, no, sounds like my father.” Hux stared at him, eyebrows drawn together. “Ben. Be serious.” The last thing he needed was to show up before the Supreme Leader with this overeager teenager rambling on about nonsense. 'Yes, Supreme Leader, I swear, this is the ambitious future warrior I told you about.' Ben's hands fell back to his lap. “You think I'm not serious?” Armitage shook his head. “I'm asking you to consider the offer critically. Are you sure you want to do this?” Ben sighed and looked down. “It would definitely piss off my parents." His fingers reached up to trail the length of the tightly woven braid hanging in his hair. "And I wouldn't be training as a Jedi anymore, that's for sure.” “No. You'd be joining the First Order. No more of this Jedi Code nonsense, no more pacifism and appeasement. You'd be on our side.” Armitage reached his own hand over to touch Ben's, pinching the plaits of the braid and giving it a soft tug. My side. “Do you think your Supreme Leader will train me in the Force?” “I assume so, though I must confess, matters related to the Force are outside my scope of expertise.” Ben grinned at that, much to Hux's annoyance. “All right. I'll go. I'll have a conference with him. It won't hurt to talk, in any case.” Sighing, Hux retreated into his own space. “Allegiance to the First Order isn't to be taken lightly, you realise. It requires relentless dedication, fierce loyalty, and an unwavering commitment to the greater cause.” “Done.” Ben leaned in to kiss Armitage on the mouth. Though he wanted to reprimand him for his flippancy, Armitage swallowed the urge and let himself be kissed. He could let this one go. Ben scooted ever closer, his hands coming to rest on Hux's knees. “So when do I meet him?” He murmured over Hux's lips. “Supposedly, you already have.” “What?” Ben asked, pulling back slightly. “He told me he had been in contact with you before, long ago. He didn't give me details, and it's not my place to demand them.” Ben suddenly looked very far away. “Snoke,” he whispered. Hux didn't like the idea that perhaps Ben already knew more about the Supreme Leader than he did; he found it unsettling in the extreme, like he was being left out of something. He waited for Ben to say more, but he remained lost in thought. Frowning, Armitage placed his hands atop Ben's, running his thumbs along Ben's knuckles, bringing him back to himself. “You do know him, then?” Ben looked up at him. “Yeah...” he took a long pause and brought his hands back to his own lap. “I met him once when I was a child, travelling with my father to some outer rim planet, I can't remember which. My father had gone off to make some deal and left me to take care of myself, as usual. And, well, I don't like sitting still, never have. So I went out to wander around. Ended up getting lost. It was late and the sun had gone down. I must have been eight or nine at the time, and I panicked. I didn't know how to control my powers then, started causing a lot of destruction without really meaning to, ended up hurting a few people on accident,” Ben swallowed and took a sudden interest in his hands. He licked at his lip before continuing. “Eventually, there was someone who calmed me down. He could use the Force, too. A lot stronger than me. I thought he was going to be angry with me, but he wasn't interested in punishing me, even though I'd made such a mess of everything. In fact, he seemed almost proud of me for that, then. Well, maybe not proud so much as impressed. I tried to apologize but he told me my strength was nothing to be ashamed of, that it was okay I couldn't control my powers yet.” “And this was Leader Snoke?” Hux asked, taking a strange fascination in this story. “Yeah. I mean, I didn't know he was with the First Order. Maybe he wasn't then, I don't know. I don't think it would have mattered. I just knew that here was someone who could use the Force and wasn't trying to control me with it. Here was someone who saw the extent of my powers and wasn't afraid of them, he encouraged them. I remember because he was the first one to say things like that to me.” “And what happened?” Ben laughed a bit. “With a simple wave of his hand, he convinced everyone that they hadn't seen anything unusual happen, it had just been some freak earthquake or something. That was the first time I'd ever seen a mind-trick used like that, with no justification for being about 'the greater good'. Naturally, I was fascinated.” “Naturally.” Ben shrugged. “Then he returned me to my father, who was totally freaking out that I had disappeared like he wasn't the one who had left me on my own, bored. Snoke told him he saw potential in me and offered to train me in the ways of the Force, but my father flat-out refused and sent him on his way. 'Can you believe that guy? What a weirdo,' he'd said.” Hearing someone talk about the Supreme Leader in such a way, even secondhand, was jarring to Hux, who tried not to let it show. “And then we were off. Off to the next backwater planet where my dad could find another bounty or smuggling mission while I sat around with all of this potential and power and nowhere to channel it. But after meeting him, I was connected to Snoke through the Force. He spoke to me occasionally, asking if I was training or whatever, told me I should be. Told me that, with training, I could make a difference in the galaxy or be important somehow.” “And? You didn't take him up on the offer?” Armitage was now completely caught up in this story. Not only was it an interesting glimpse into the one he'd only ever known as 'Supreme Leader', but it was an all new insight on Ben-- his childhood, his motivations-- and it only served to make Armitage that much more curious and enthralled. He'd never met anyone like this before, and already he had the sneaking suspicion that he would never meet another. Ben looked up, focusing on nothing in particular. “I was still just a kid then. I asked my mom about it, once. Told her what had happened. She just got mad at my dad for letting it happen, didn't really have much to say about Snoke or the Force, it was just another fight for her and dad.” Ben shrugged, back to picking at the dirt from under his fingernails. “And when I asked her about training under Snoke, she just looked horrified. Or angry. Maybe both. She forbid me from being in contact with him, said he was bad news, dark sided, whatever. And it wasn't long after that that they sent me away to train with my uncle.” “Your uncle?” Hux asked, confused. “The Jedi Master?” He failed to see the resemblance between the short, sandy-haired man with the calm, serene smile and his tall, brooding nephew whose company Armitage had been enjoying all while advocating the First Order and the dark side. “Yeah,” Ben said, now stretching his long legs out in front of him. “But he doesn't encourage my power the way Snoke did. In fact, he discourages that kind of ambition, just like you said. It's the Jedi way. ' There is no passion, there is serenity.' I thought mastering the Force as a Jedi would help ease my mind, to calm my insatiable desire for more. But you were right. Pretending to do that is just an exercise in self-denial.” He paused a moment, then brought his legs back crisscrossed under him. “Aside from Snoke, and now you of course, everyone who has ever known the strength of my power has been afraid of it. Everyone. It makes them uncomfortable. They've always wanted to limit me.” Hux regarded him evenly. “And you've let them.” Ben made a face and looked out to sea. “Not anymore.” Pleased, Hux scooted ever so slightly closer to Ben so that their upper arms brushed against each other. Ben looked over his shoulder at Hux with a shy smile, putting his hand back in Hux's lap. Hux returned the smile and took Ben's hand in his own again, giving it a squeeze. “You'll meet with him, then?” “Yeah. He can teach me, I know it. He's told me so. He can make me strong, powerful. He's the only one who's ever really understood me. Well, until you.” Ben said, allowing his head to rest on Armitage's shoulder, his curly hair tickling his cheek. It smelled of sweat and sand and something distinctively 'Ben'. Armitage resisted the urge to bury his nose in it and inhale. “I may not be attune to the Force,” he said. “But I can sense passion, ambition, and you have it, Ben. Like me, you were destined for greatness.” “Yes. I am. I've always known that, but sensing your conviction made me sure of my own. You've shown me that it's okay. And I don't want to go back to pretending otherwise.” Hux smiled, turning to hide his grin in Ben's mop of hair. “Together, then,” he murmured. “We can do great things together.” Ben sat up and faced Hux, grinning, the corners of his eyes crinkling. “I'd like that.” Armitage leaned in to capture Ben's lips. Ben turned to face him full-on, hands finding their way to Hux's hips. As he licked his way softly into Ben's mouth, Armitage shifted, moving to straddle Ben's lap, a knee on either side of him. He shut his eyes and grabbed on to those ridiculously oversized ears as their kiss deepened. Ben's fingers gripped him tighter, pulling him firmly into his lap, pressed against him close. A soft noise escaped his throat as Armitage settled. He opened wider, sighing, when Ben's tongue pushed into his mouth. This kiss was different than the ones they'd shared last night. There was nothing hesitant, tentative, or shy about it. It had purpose. Passion. More passion than a Jedi should be capable of, in any case. Lower, he could feel Ben's arousal already pressing insistently against him. Smirking to himself, he ground his hips into it shamelessly, eliciting a moan from Ben. When he did it again, Ben's hands flew up to Armitage's sleeves, gripping tight as he buried his face into his chest, failing to stifle another groan. “Shh,” Armitage shushed as his hands slid into Ben's mop of dark hair, fingers tangling in the thick curls as they came to rest on the back of his skull. His thumb and forefinger caught on the braid in his hair and ran down along the plaits. Beneath him, he felt Ben's hips twitching, searching for more friction. Hux managed to keep just out of reach. “So when do you want to meet the Supreme Leader?” He asked and Ben whined, his hands coming around to claw at Armitage's back. “Maybe...” Ben mumbled into Armitage's shirt. He leaned back to meet Armitage's gaze, his eyes dark and pleading, pupils fat. “Later.” That faint flush was back on his cheeks. Hux grinned and leaned in kiss him again, settling back into his lap, giving Ben the friction he was so desperate for. The sun was only just now setting, turning the sky a brilliant orange-red as it fell into the horizon. They had time. Armitage trailed a hand down to palm the bulge in Ben's pants. Ben gasped, his head tilting back to expose the pale column of his throat. Without taking his eyes from the boy's face, Armitage rubbed roughly against the tented fabric of Ben's trousers, watching his reactions: just as animated as he had hoped. He leaned in to mouth at Ben's neck as he fumbled with the complicated fastenings of his robes. Ben quickly moved his fingers in to help, unclipping the buckles of his hide belt. Belt undone, Armitage worked his hand beneath the layers easily now and into Ben's underwear, following thick curls of hair to wrap his fingers around his already leaking dick. If Ben had gasped before, he full on whined now, his eyes screwing shut tightly as Armitage stroked him gently, sliding his slick foreskin along the shaft. He thumbed the dribbling slit on the head of Ben's cock, pressing soft kisses to Ben's throat each time he gasped. Ben's grip on Armitage's sleeves tightened and Armitage knew it wouldn't take long for him to reach his climax. Lonely boy . There was something deeply pleasing about knowing that he had conquered Ben's hard-learned denial of desire and passion and he relished every twitch and moan he drew from Ben as he continued to jack him off. Quickening his strokes, Armitage sank his teeth into Ben's collarbone, sucking hard enough to bruise. Sure enough, Ben cried out and was coming soon after, panting in the wake of what was probably his very first sexual experience. Armitage kept his grip tight and firm as the aftershocks coursed through Ben's body, transfixed by how powerful even this seemed to feel. He pulled back to take in Ben's post-orgasmic flush. Dark hair clung to Ben's sweat-soaked forehead, his eyes still shut, lips parted and breathing heavily. Maybe it was just a Force thing, but Armitage had never received such an intense reaction from a simple handjob before. It was intoxicating, empowering. He smiled and kissed him again, withdrawing his slick hand from Ben's trousers. “Oh,” Ben said when he caught sight of the mess on Armitage's hand, blushing again. Gently pushing Armitage aside, he leaned over the side of the pier and cupped his hands, using the Force to pull water from the sea into them. “Here.” He offered the water to Hux, who couldn't deny that was a useful trick. He managed to wash away most of the mess and shook his hands dry. “Do you want me to. Um,” Ben flicked his gaze towards Hux's crotch and swallowed nervously. “Never mind. There will be time for that later,” Armitage said, trying to put concern for his own arousal aside for now. If these really were Ben's first forays into the world of sexual encounters, Armitage wanted to ensure they'd have enough time to work through the new experiences without feeling pressured or rushed. “We ought to meet with the Supreme Leader first.” He couldn't tell if Ben's expression was one of regret or relief so he moved in to plant a reassuring kiss on his lips before standing. It seemed to work. “Come on,” he said, extending his right hand, which Ben took with a moony smile and then didn't let go of until they were almost all the way to the holochamber. --