Three hours. It had been three hours since the destruction of Starkiller Base. The First Order didn’t know it, but the Resistance was celebrating, despite the hardships their side had gone through, like the death of Han Solo and Finn terribly injured and in a coma. They also wanted to celebrate their victory and gaining the final piece of the map that they needed in order to find Luke Skywalker. In just a few hours, Rey would be flying off to fulfill her destiny. The Finalizer had moved half a day away from the destroyed snowy planet to distance themselves from any Resistance and Republic base to protect their depleted organization. Not everyone had made it off Starkiller and many were captured and thrown in prisons on surrounding Resistance planets. The Finalizer had received some damage and there were a few sections that had been obliterated or badly damaged. They had been closed off due to special protocols to keep the oxygen-less air from filling the entire ship and killing everyone on board. The First Order didn’t know what to do without their General to lead and order them around except escape to hide from the opposition. No one had heard from Kylo Ren either. In the Finalizer’s main control hub, a technician was keeping an eye on his radar screen when a dot appeared along with a bleep. Blinking, he waited for the signal to be reached again before doing anything. After the dot appeared again, he dragged his chair to his keyboard that was to the left and then typed in commands hastily. “Captain Keaton! Our scanners are picking up a ship!” A portly man with a bushy mustache joined the technician to look at the radar. He saw the dot inching closer to the center. “Put a live feed up on screen.” “Yes sir!” Keaton looked up and saw a hovering screen appear from the back of the console and then crackle to life. The officer typed in more commands so that a picture appeared on the screen. He then had to zoom in the camera a few thousand meters to get a clear image of a small ship coming. “Krammer, make contact with the ship and see who it is!” “Yes Captain!” There was a long pause of nothing but typing and bated breath from everyone inside. A hailing signal was sent out and they waited in anticipation for a few minutes for it to reach the ship. Then, on one of the large windows, a partly static image appeared, revealing who was flying the aircraft. Relief washed over everyone when they saw General Hux’s tired face. “General Hux, it is Captain Keaton! Are you alright?!” There was a two-second delay, but then Hux answered, “Yes, I am fine. We should be arriving at the Finalizer in a few minutes.” “We, sir?” “I have Kylo Ren on board. He is injured, so I will need a medical team to escort him to the hospital wing.” “We will be waiting for your arrival, sir. Is there anything else you need?” “No, but I will ask for reports on our number of fatalities, casualties, and missing personnel as soon as possible after I have returned.” “We are performing a sweep as we speak, sir.” “Is First Lieutenant Mitaka on board?” There was a long pause, but there was no response. Eyes narrowing, Hux ended the call without warning, leaving the control hub personnel speechless. After a while, Keaton turned to a low-rank officer. “Go to the hospital wing and have whichever doctor is available make a space for Knight Ren.” “Yes sir!” The officer ran out while Keaton turned to another officer. “Find out just how many of our own are missing, injured, and dead so that General Hux has a full report upon his return.” “Yes sir.” The petty officer moved to his station and began to search for any and all superior officer signals within a 4800 kilometer radius of the Finalizer and making a list. Meanwhile, Hux’s ship soon arrived and entered the boarding dock, touching down gently before turning off. Workers came rushing over. Seconds later, the hatch opened, revealing Hux carrying Ren beside him with his arm around his shoulders. A rolling gurney was rushed up to them as the duo took a few steps away from the ship. Hux passed Ren off to the medics and quickly spoke to another, saying that he was fine and didn’t need medical attention. “Just take care of Knight Ren, lest Supreme Ruler Snoke have all our heads.” “Yes sir.” The medic joined the others as they began to roll the laid-out Kylo Ren towards the hospital wing. “I will check on you later, Ren!” Hux waited a few seconds before turning to a Captain that was approaching. “Where is Captain Phasma?” The Captain stopped a few feet away. “As of now, we do not know. A list of all missing, injured, and fatalities is being made as soon as we locate their signals.” “Good. Send out a blanketed message to everyone conducting these searches that one of them needs to contact me via datapad once they are done,” Hux explained. “In the meantime, I have my own duties to perform.” “Of course sir.” “Dismissed.” With a nod, the Captain left, leaving Hux with the ship inspectors. He stared at the floor with narrowed eyes, feeling a hollow pit heavy in his stomach. Worry filled him when he couldn’t sense Mitaka’s presence anywhere on board. ‘Where in the galactic hell are you, Dopheld?’ Forcing air out of his nose, Hux headed further into the ship, needing to go to his office to grab his datapad. On the way, he passed by many tired and exhausted First Order members just milling around to lick their wounds. Several asked Hux if he was alright and if he knew anything important he could share, but he simply shook his head without any explanation. Minutes later, he arrived at his office, which was locked. He used the unlock code to get in, and then slammed his hand on the lock button to the right of the closing door. Going to his desk, he found his datapad where he had left it, picked it up, and then turned around, sitting on the floor with his back against the desk. He blinked at the blank screen for several seconds before he turned it on, input his password, and then opened his messaging application. Hux hesitated, his finger poised above the L on the keyboard. He swallowed hard before typing in Lt_D_Mi, then it auto-filled the rest for him. For a long time, he wasn’t sure what message to type, but he wanted to make it sound calm and casual rather than with worry or authority. With a deep breath, he started typing at a slow pace, not wanting to get his hopes up too soon. Once it was complete, he pressed Send, a terribly heavy feeling filling his entire body. Gen_Hux: Mitaka, it’s me, Hux. Please tell me you are alright. Hux waited in anticipation for something to happen. A numb feeling suddenly spread through his entire body when a pre-recorded message appeared underneath. Your message could not be sent to the recipient. Please try again. Folding his body up in the middle, Hux closed his eyes while pressing the datapad to his forehead. He sat there in that position for a while, looking and acting as if he was perfectly calm, but then the skin around his eyes crinkled badly and his lips parted a few centimeters to reveal clenched teeth. His hands on the datapad tightened and he pressed it harder to his forehead. Hux hated jumping to conclusions, but if Mitaka’s signal couldn’t be reached this way, then he was too far away, or worse. “Grgh, Mitaka…” A few more hours passed and things started to wind down a bit. The full list of First Order members that were accounted and unaccounted for had been sent out to everyone with a datapad and others would have to find out from superior officers what the status of their friends and comrades and sometimes family members was. Hux had skimmed the list himself, but Mitaka was listed under the “Missing/Unknown” tab. In his frustration, he had thrown the datapad across the room, smashing half of it against the wall. He was now going to see Ren in the hospital, now that his wounds would be cleaned and wrapped in bacta wraps. When he arrived and asked a medic where Ren was, he looked to the place where the medic indicated. With a nod and a few seconds pat to his shoulder, Hux approached the medical bed, his face blank to hide how he was truly feeling to the Knight. “Ren, may we talk?” Turning his head, Ren saw him approaching, but Hux’s blank face couldn’t fool him. “Mitaka is missing, isn’t he?” Stopping and helping put the bed in a sitting up position, Hux nodded. “His signal could not be found.” “I’m sure he’s alright,” Ren tried to reassure him. “He’s intelligent and resilient.” “…How are you injuries?” Ren placed a hand to his wrapped cheek. “They’re numb and not as bad as I thought.” “Good.” “What about you? Besides being upset about Mitaka, you’re fine, right?” Hux nodded. “For the most part. I’m just exhausted.” Ren started to say something, but as Hux breathed, he caught a familiar scent that had a hint of deception and secrecy to it. “—Going to talk to Supreme Ruler Snoke soon to-? Hux?” Ren blinked as he saw Hux looking back over his shoulder, not paying any attention to him. For a split second, Hux saw Dr. Ekels leaving the hospital with a despicable expression on his face. Without looking back at Ren, he said, “Stay here. I’ll be back.” Ren blinked after him in confusion. Leaving the hospital, Hux followed Ekels at a considerable distance, awaiting an empty corridor before revealing himself to the doctor. A terrible feeling about Ekels kept triggering in his brain. There was just a disturbing air about him that made the hairs on the back of Hux’s neck rise, and he wanted to get to the bottom of it. Finally reaching a dead silent corridor, Hux picked up his pace, sniffing to make sure they were indeed the only two there. When Ekels was almost to an unknown room, Hux rushed up before he noticed anything, and then shoved him hard towards the door, which opened, revealing a storage room. A confused noise came from Ekels’ mouth as he regained his balance, and then he looked up to see who had shoved him. His eyes widened when Hux shoved him up against of bunch of stacked boxes with a look of suspicion on his face. “Ge-General! What’s wrong?!” Gritting his teeth, Hux growled dangerously at him. “Where is he?! What have you done to him?!” Ekels looked confused. “Who? I don’t know what you’re-HRRK!” Swiftly, Hux snatched the front of Ekels’ neck, blocking off his airways as he now looked enraged at him. “Don’t be coy with me! Mitaka! Where is he ?!” Ekels clawed at Hux to get him to let go, but the grip on his arm tightened to cause terrible pain as Hux’s claws dug into his flesh. “What have you done to Mitaka?! His scent is all over you !” Hux lessened his grip on the doctor’s neck to allow him to speak. Ekels’ face conveyed worry and confusion for a few more seconds, but then he sneered. “Sorry, Hux, but he is long gone now-” Ekels cried out after Hux clawed him in the face to draw blood. “ WHERE IS HE?! ” As Ekels looked back at Hux, he saw the wild look in his icy blue eyes and fangs protruded from his lips. Ekels could tell that the beast was trying to break through, but Hux had a bit more control than that. His patience was running very thin though. Ekels growled weakly at him as the grip around his neck tightened again. “D-Dopheld is-” Hux smacked him in the face again. “Lieutenant Mitaka!” “Y-Yes, yes, Lieutenant Mitaka! I g-gave him…to a Resistance ship! I t-told them he helped p-power the Starkiller and that he sh-should be executed-HRK!” Hux’s grip on Ekel’s throat tightened again, this time his claws piercing his flesh, but it missed any main arteries and blood vessels. “How dare you! How fucking dare you ! What did you do?! How did you capture him?! You are weak ! You are nothing ! You couldn’t possibly have-!” Hux’s eyes widened slightly when he heard and felt Ekels chuckle darkly against his hand. “K-Killed…Thaniss…front of h-him… He…f-freaked, I used…u-used it to-” A terrible buzzing numbness filled Hux as he got the gist of it. The grip around Ekels’ neck weakened as he began to shut down. This allowed Dr. Ekels to talk more freely. “D-Dopheld is gone , your highness . He is with the R-Resistance now. And you will never find him.” “…Why?” A cruel look appeared on Ekels’ face at the soft question from a slightly quivering voice. “Consider it p-payback for st-stealing my business and pleasure from me …” There was a long, tense pause after this confession. Gradually, Hux’s grips diminished and he let Ekels go, stepping back a step to stare at the floor with despair in his eyes. Smirking, Ekels straightened out his doctor’s coat and wiped the blood away from the punctures. “Your precious little slut would still be here if you hadn’t interfered with my practice , Hux. You only have yourself to blame for Dopheld’s death -!” Those words barely made it out of Dr. Ekels’ vile mouth before Hux looked back up with murderous intent in his wild eyes, a deep, gravelly sounding growl coming from his mouth. Instantly, he lifted his right clawed hand and brought it swiftly down across Ekels’ throat. The doctor’s mouth dropped open at the last second as blood sprayed everywhere from having his entire neck and throat gutted open. Hux had turned his body to the side a few inches after the devastating slash attack, hearing and feeling Ekels slide sideways off the boxes and collapse, bleeding out in a painful death. A thick pool of blood spilled out and onto the floor, but Hux didn’t care. His brow was furrowed over his narrowed eyes as he stared off into space, his heart beating hard in his chest at what was just confessed to him. Soon, his clawed hands curled into tight fists and Hux closed his eyes, wishing it all away… The hospital door slid open. From his bed halfway across the room, Ren looked up, seeing Hux approaching him with his head down to hide his face. The Knight sat up a little straighter, blinking in confusion. “What did you storm off for? It was like you had seen a ghost…” Ren trailed off as Hux reached the bed, placing his hands on the edge. He still kept his face hidden, giving Ren a bad feeling. He swallowed. “Hux, is everything ok-?” “He’s gone.” Ren blinked at the soft tone. “Gone…? Who? Mitaka?” Hux’s hands gripped the bed tighter. It was faint, but Ren could see his shoulders begin to shake. “Hux, what happened to Mit-?” Ren’s eyes widened as Hux finally looked up, his face screwed up in agony as heavy tears finally broke free from his eyes and streamed heavily down his face. “Mitaka! M-Mitaka was t-taken… T-Taken to the Resistance!” Unable to stay standing anymore, Hux fell heavily to his knees and pressed his forehead into the mattress. His teeth were clenched tightly together as he tried to hold back a cry of despair. “Th-They’re going to kill him! They’re going to kill Mitaka !” A heavy feeling formed in Ren’s chest as Hux began to sob and cry uncontrollably against the bed. All around them, personnel and patients were looking at them, wondering what was going on. After Ren shot them a quick glare, they jerked their gazes away, pretending they didn’t know anything. Looking back at the sobbing Hux, the Knight’s face turned somber before he reached for his head and gently laid his whole hand on it. “I am so sorry, Hux…” Hux dissolved into a huge mess as he continued to sob and cry and shake. As he thought back to Mitaka and how this all began and was ending, his spirit began to gradually snuff out, until he felt that there was nothing left… Chapter 2 Notes: We switch to Mitaka's location in the beginning of this chapter, then it'll switch back to Hux's (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Thanisson. Thanisson? Thanisson?! MITAKA! THANISSOOOOOOOOOOOON! GWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA…! HUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUX! Dark brown eyes snapped open, the pupil contracting immediately. On the hard floor of a single-occupant containment unit lay Lieutenant Dopheld Mitaka. As his eyes returned to normal, he closed them tightly as he began to move his arms back, placing his hands down. As he tried to push up, a pain filled the back of his head and he growled from it. Placing one hand on the back, he got up on his knees and then sat down, rubbing the very tender spot. It felt as if he had been hit by a cement block that had cracks and broken pieces embedded in it. Mitaka took a few deep breaths as he got dizzy, trying to figure out what had happened. He only got bits and pieces of memories, but he remembered helping Thanisson out of some rubble, they had been about to leave, but had to be separated because of something, and then Mitaka saw someone or some thing walk behind Thanisson and then- Mitaka’s eyes widened and began to fill with tears. In his mind, he saw Thanisson begin to fall to the floor after his neck had been twisted sharply. As he remembered lifting his gaze higher, Mitaka saw the wicked grin of the petty officer’s murderer, so fresh in his mind that it took his breath away. Mitaka began to have trouble breathing and he hunched forward, watching his tears drip to the floor. His mouth was instantly dry and he felt very sick to his stomach. After a few agonizing seconds, Mitaka inhaled sharply, getting fresh air in his lungs and he swallowed hard. He then coughed a few times to try getting moisture in his mouth. He was feeling far better by the time the cell door was unlocked and it opened. “…It’s about time you woke up, First Order scumbag.” Swallowing again, Mitaka sat up and lifted his head, looking at a prison guard for the Resistance. “Wh-Where…a-am I?” “In a Resistance prison carrier,” the guard said as he approached Mitaka, carrying metal cuffs for his wrists. “Don’t worry, they won’t kill you right away. Democracy and a fair trial and all that bullshit. Hands.” Mitaka didn’t move and his face remained blank. “Hurry the kriff up you bastard, we’re on a Resistance prison base and we have to gather all of you scumbags up to be loaded off the carrier.” Deciding just to play it safe right now, Mitaka slowly lifted his hands, spaced a foot apart. Tching, the guard clamped the cuffs around his wrists and they instantly melded together at the ends. The guard grabbed Mitaka’s shoulder painfully, yanking him to his feet. “Let’s go, ya piece of shit.” Keeping his eyes down, Mitaka allowed the guard to lead him out of his cell where a dozen or so other prisoners were waiting. Mitaka was shoved into a spot in line and they waited for a few more to come out of their own cells before they were escorted through a tight corridor. It didn’t take long to be walking off the carrier and onto a rocky and dry terrain. Mitaka glanced around, noting the cliffs surrounding them. Across from the carrier was a gigantic and wide building structure with armed guards and Resistance officials that were waiting for the prisoners. What was going to happen to the prisoners now that they were there? The line of prisoners were turned horizontally once they reached the Resistance platoon. Mitaka was about in the middle and he had this sinking feeling that bad luck would be following him no matter where they put him. Oh if only these men and women knew what he was, they would be begging to be released or transferred someplace else. After a quick introduction on why they were there and what would be happening to them (after interrogations and gathering a bit of background information from each prisoner) they were escorted inside the structure, which was very spacious, and were being separated into individual interrogation rooms. There was plenty for each prisoner to be questioned at the same time. Once inside a room, Mitaka was shoved into a hard metal chair and his handcuffs were removed by the push of a button. He was then left alone for who knows how long before his interrogator showed up, sitting opposite him. Mitaka had only seen a summary file and a photo on his datapad, that had been lost somewhere along the way, of this older woman, so the fact she was here for him was interesting. “I am going to get straight to the point here, Lieutenant. My name is-” “General Leia Organa, I am aware,” Mitaka interrupted. “Then you know why you are being interrogated by me and not someone else,” former Princess Leia said. “And what exactly am I being charged with, besides aiding the First Order?” “We were informed by one Dr. James Ekels that you played a crucial role in the operation of the planet destroyer Starkiller. He also said you were part of the crew that helped fire the Starkiller beam on the Hosnian system. Do you deny this?” “Yes, actually,” Mitaka said coolly. Leia frowned. “So you have a different story of what happened that doesn’t corroborate with this doctor?” “That’s right.” Leia sat back. “Then tell me your side of the story. Did you or did you not help power the Starkiller on the day it destroyed the Hosnian system, like this doctor claims?” Mitaka snorted. “I am a dead man walking regardless of whether I tell the truth or lie, so why should I defend myself when it won’t matter in the end?” Leia appeared offended by this. “We are not savages , Lieutenant. Everyone will be given a fair trial—” “—That will result in death no matter what anyone says,” Mitaka snapped. “Do you honestly believe that any Republic and Resistance sympathizer or member would be unbiased against us, even with the facts presented to them?” Leaning over the table to get closer to Leia’s face, Mitaka glared at her. “Because that is precisely what that bastard is counting on.” There was a long, tense pause after this. Leia eyed Mitaka, who leaned back forcefully in his chair. “Your fate has not been sealed yet, Lieutenant,” she soon said. “But if you do not defend yourself to me now, then it will be.” Mitaka didn’t say anything more. After a long pause, Leia stood up, looking disappointed. “Despite the terrors that the First Order has committed, we do not wish for anymore bloodshed on either side. I will give you three days to change your mind. If you do not, then it is out of my hands and you will be transferred to a far more biased prison than this one. By your boyish physique, I can’t see you lasting for very long, especially once you are stripped of your rank.” ‘ Oh if only you realized that looks aren’t everything,’ Mitaka thought. Turning towards the interrogation room door, Leia walked over, opened it, and then spoke to a guard outside. “The Lieutenant is to be escorted to prison block A in solitary confinement for three days.” “Yes ma’am.” As the guard came in with handcuffs, Leia looked back at Mitaka, who was staring at the table. “I will see you in three days, Lieutenant.” Leia left as the guard clamped the cuffs to Mitaka’s wrists. He then yanked him harshly to his feet before practically dragging him out of the room and into the corridor. Mitaka allowed the guard to walk him to block A at the very end. Once they were inside a terribly small room with nothing but a hole in the floor that served as a toilet and a metal slab attached to the wall for a bed, the guard unlocked the cuffs, snidely told Mitaka to have a nice stay, and then left, slamming the door and locking it up tight. Mitaka glanced at it for a moment, noticing that there was no lock or handle on this side, no bars but a tiny window, and only a slot for a meal tray underneath. What great accommodations for a mighty werewolf! Sitting on the “bed”, Mitaka considered all of his options. Either he found a way to escape with wits and his secret strength, endure the three days that would drive any normal person mad, or take his own life now since he was a dead man walking anyway. The third option was entirely out of the question though. The beast wouldn’t allow Mitaka to die so easily. Not to mention he had that bond with Hux- Mitaka quickly buried his face in his hands. What was happening back at the Finalizer? How many of his comrades had been captured or destroyed before and when Starkiller went up in smithereens? What was the fate of the First Order? And was Hux alive? Mitaka wished he knew where he was and where they would take him three days from now. He wagered he was a few light years away from the Order’s base of operations, otherwise he would probably feel a strong presence related to it, but all he felt was emptiness and loneliness. What was life going to be like for him the longer he was away from Hux? Mitaka was in solitary confinement for several hours before two men came inside, one holding handcuffs. “Hands.” Mitaka lifted his hands and held them a few inches apart. The cuffs were clamped around him. “Lift your feet.” One at a time, Mitaka lifted each foot so that the men could remove his boots. He figured they were taking anything away from him that he could use as a weapon. They then removed his pants and tunic, along with his rank markers. For some reason, Mitaka felt that he needed one of them. “May I…keep one of those?” “Why? So you can choke on it?” Mitaka’s eyes narrowed slightly. The man smirked. “Fine. You’d be doing all of us a favor then.” The man shoved the cylinder into Mitaka’s mouth, but he grabbed it with his teeth so that it didn’t go all the way inside and down his throat. After removing the cuffs, the men started to leave with all his other belongings. “Enjoy your stay, murderer .” Mitaka glared after them while grabbing his rank marker and taking it out of his mouth. “I’ve lived through much worse.” The door was slammed shut and locked, leaving Mitaka in pitch darkness. If it wasn’t for his enhanced eyesight, his nights would be unbearable. Well, after three days of hearing nothing but his beating heart would make his stay unbearable regardless, but he would handle it. Somehow… At about 1400 hours the second day after Starkiller’s destruction, Hux was summoned by Snoke to get a report on the First Order’s situation since the disastrous event. After the emotional night he had had in the hospital wing with Ren, Hux’s voice didn’t hold its usual vigor and authoritative power as he relayed the list of missing and dead members of the Order. “And what of the status in regard to Kylo Ren’s injuries?” Snoke asked. “His doctor says he will be healed in another day or two if he keeps using the bacta wraps diligently. Kylo Ren is to stay in the hospital during that time. His doctor also recommends he takes it easy for at least two weeks.” Snoke took all of this information in before he spoke again. “And what of you, General? How has the destruction of your prized possession affected you?” Hux blinked, not in the mood to get into this sort of thing right now. “I am fine-” “Remember, General, I am attuned to any and all energies around me or close to me, and yours is practically screaming its lungs out.” Snoke leaned forward to stare harder at Hux, who just looked downright exhausted. “How much pain are you in without Lieutenant Mitaka by your side? He isn’t even in the same star system as us. He is, by definition, lost from the First Order, but more importantly from you. So I ask again, General: How has the destruction of Starkiller and the loss of Lieutenant Mitaka affected you?” Hux stared at Snoke’s bald and scarred face for a while longer before he cast his gaze down to the walkway. “I will get over both losses long before the First Order draws up a new plan to take over the galaxy, Supreme Ruler.” Snoke leaned back in his stone throne, giving Hux an odd look. “No, General, I do not think you will.” Hux looked back up. “And what makes you think that?” Snoke made an odd sound from his closed mouth, almost like a wet-sounding hum. “You failed to mention Dr. James Ekels in your casualties and fatalities and missing report from earlier. But he was accounted for just yesterday, wasn’t he, General?” Hux’s eyes narrowed almost imperceptibly at this. “However, it has come to my attention that he was found earlier this morning in a storage room, but he was not among the living anymore. In fact, I was specifically told that his entire throat had been slashed open by a very sharp and deadly, four-pronged weapon. You wouldn’t know anything about that, now, would you?” Hux didn’t answer. Snoke soon snorted. “I advise you, General, to forget all about Lieutenant Mitaka and to focus all your attention on fixing the First Order and working on making an all new plan that results in giving us what we want. Is that clear ?” The two stared silently at each other for a long time, but Hux soon cast his eyes down and nodded stiffly. “Understood, Supreme Ruler…” “…I will give you some time to mourn, but then you must focus on what is truly important: ruling this galaxy like it was meant to be ruled!” Hux had a terrible tightness in his chest after all that. Closing his eyes, he inhaled deeply and then let it out silently before turning almost all the way around. “Yes, Supreme Ruler, it will be taken care of.” Without a word from Snoke, Hux finished turning and walked away, feeling his heart ache at the thought of what he had to do to his love for Mitaka. If Hux didn’t sever their bond, then Snoke would, for the First Order’s sake. It was now a few days after Hux brought Ren back to the Finalizer and brutally murdered Dr. Ekels. He was currently with Captain Phasma, who had barely made it off Starkiller before it self-destructed, looking over some saved footage that had been transferred to the destroyer ship before the planet’s demise. Although it was broken up and covered in static most of the time, they could see what all had happened with Mitaka going back in to save Thanisson and before the planet’s destruction. Phasma and Hux’s reactions to the recorded live feed were different from each other. Phasma was stoic through most of it, but when she saw Mitaka’s surprising strength to literally throw another person with just his hands, curiosity got the better of her. Hux, meanwhile, was waiting in anticipation for Ekels to appear in the room, so that he knew exactly what had conspired between Ekels showing up to snap Thanisson’s neck and knocking Mitaka out cold with a large piece of concrete. He then picked the Lieutenant up, slinging him over his shoulder and then leaving. Once the holovid showed the rest of the base exploding before the planet did the same, it ended abruptly and the control room was eerily quiet. Hux was staring at the screen in a silent rage while Phasma glanced at him out of the corner of her eye. “General-” “No one else is to know about this holovid remnant,” Hux interrupted her, his voice weak but stern. He looked at Phasma. “Have it destroyed from every system we own. The First Order would go into a panic if they learned of what Mitaka and I are.” Phasma blinked in confusion. “What you are, sir?” Hux turned his back on her as he was ready to leave. “Mitaka has been a werewolf for almost twenty years, and just months ago, I became the same.” Hux glanced at Phasma out of the corner of his eye. “Mitaka is my mate; that is why I was kissing him that day.” Looking back ahead, Hux headed out, his upset gaze staring at the floor. “We cannot risk anymore doubts in the First Order, Phasma, so we must destroy them. Even if it means destroying them all.” Blinking, Phasma watched Hux walk out the door, feeling worried about him. As she thought back to the day she discovered the two men and then learned of all this, she saw why Hux seemed so much more distraught over this than under normal circumstances. Mitaka had changed him, and not just by turning him into a werewolf; with it came a little less darkness in Hux’s world. But now, with the Lieutenant missing and locating him was slim to none, who knew what newer changes would occur. Not just for Hux, but for the entire First Order, whatever may be left of the Republic, and the Resistance. Deciding to wait to discover what would happen when the time came from now on, Phasma did what Hux had asked and deleted the holovid from everything, so that there would be no trace of two werewolves existing in the First Order. She had vowed to keep discovering Hux and Mitaka making out a secret, so she would do the same in this case. Once everything had been deleted permanently, Phasma left the control room and headed for the training room, where five dozen or so soldiers were waiting to practice with some new prototype weapons that the First Order had whipped up recently in lieu of their heavy setback. Stormtrooper armor was also getting some new impressive upgrades that could withstand blaster bolts far better than before. The First Order was quick to start making up an all new plan for galaxy domination, starting first with improvements to armor, weapons, and fighting tactics. Meanwhile, Hux had returned to the hospital to check up on Kylo Ren, who was making excellent progress in his physical recovery. When the General arrived, he heard arguing in Ren’s area of the hospital. Then there was the sound of something shattering, which put Hux in a pretty terrible mood. Looking up and over, he saw the doctor storming away from what appeared to be broken glass from a water pitcher. Ren was glaring after the doctor before he shoved his arms under his head as he leaned back against his pillows. Hux stopped next to the chunks of glass, giving the Knight an annoyed look. “Could you just once not break something when you get mildly ticked off about whatever the galactic hell is your problem?” Turning his head away, Ren snorted. Hux shook his head in disappointment. “And what exactly is your problem now?” “I’ve been stuck in bed for days doing nothing but sleeping, what do you think my problem is?” Ren asked haughtily. “I’m not in the mood for guessing games.” Ren finally looked at Hux, noting his exhausted face. He grimaced. “You look awful.” “I haven’t been able to sleep lately. Now what’s your problem? I don’t have all day you know.” Ren sighed, gesturing around the entire hospital with his hands and arms. “I’m stuck in here doing nothing! I’m bored out of my mind! I asked the doctor if I could leave already, but he wants me to stay the full week, even though I feel fine !” There was a long pause after Ren dropped his arms. Hux blinked a few times at him. “What would you be doing now, then?” he asked. “Well I have to train far more than before, but my injuries are still too extensive. I have been trying to strengthen my Force ability, but there’s only so much I can do laying here. That’s why I want to leave this stupid bed already!” Lifting his hand, Hux rubbed at his face, then moved it to the back of his neck to squeeze it. His whole body felt stiff and sore and his insomnia had returned since he learned of Mitaka’s cruel fate. Ren watched him work out the kinks in silence for a while, but then he got an idea. “Hey, get over here.” Stopping, Hux looked up in confusion. “Excuse me?” Ren sighed. “Just trust me and come closer, would you?” Hux eyed him momentarily before moving closer to the bed and higher up. Sitting up more, Ren lifted his right hand and held it in front of Hux’s face. “Just hold completely still, alright?” Hux’s eyes narrowed. “What in the galactic hell are you doing?” “Just stop talking!” Hux growled weakly, but he kept his mouth shut. Closing his eyes, Ren began to concentrate, feeling for Hux’s life energy with the Force. Once he found strands of tangled and heavily weaving tendrils all over the General’s upper body, Ren’s energy began to slip through the cracks and odds and ends of the lines to break them free from one another. Beside him, Hux’s eyes widened slightly when he could faintly see Ren’s Force rising off him like smoke and enveloping Hux’s own body. The first time the General had seen this phenomenon was quite some time ago, but back then Ren had been angry at Hux’s incompetence when it came to locating the last piece of the map that would lead the First Order to Luke Skywalker. Unlike the first time, Hux felt more at ease and the aches he hadn’t even realized he had were beginning to unravel and disappear. After a full minute, Ren eased the Force back out of Hux’s body, stopping to untangle any weaves he might have missed, before he was done. Using the Force to heal put a toll on his own body, so he dropped his arm and relaxed back, breathing a bit hard. Hux looked around on his body, noticing that he felt far better than he had in a while, physically speaking; mentally he was still depressed. Ren soon had his breath back and he forced a yawn to gain more oxygen. “I got most of the more heavy duty pains in your upper body erased, but the rest will have to be done via bed rest and drinking a lot of fluids for the next few days,” Ren explained. Hux looked up at him once his inspection was complete. “You might have some side effects that you won’t like though. Like that one.” Turning away suddenly so that no one could see his face, Hux closed his tear-filled eyes and pressed the back of his hand to them to clear them away. “I’m fine…” “Except you’re not,” Ren said, matter-of-factly. “You're not going to be fine so long as Mitaka is gone.” He looked down at his hands in his lap. “Who knows if even I will be…” Once he finally stopped crying, Hux turned back to Ren. “Like I told Phasma, we have to destroy any and all doubts we have in order to bring the First Order back on its feet. We need to remind ourselves of our purpose here, everyone else be damned.” As soon as he said that, Hux felt a pain in his heart. As hard as it was going to be, he had to think of no one else but the Order, and that included the possibility that Mitaka was never coming back, lost to them forever. Hux didn’t know if he could believe in himself or not, but he had to attempt it. He had to prove to Snoke that taking control of the galaxy was the only thing he would focus on, no matter how difficult and painful that was going to be. Kylo Ren was staring at Hux, not needing the Force to read his thoughts. The General had become an open book as of late and he was hurting way down deep inside with Mitaka gone. “You should pull up a bed. You look like you are going to fall asleep on your feet.” Hux glanced at Ren before nodding, turning to the bed area next to Ren’s, and going to it. He adjusted the bed backing before sitting down and lifting one leg at a time to stretch out. Ren watched him get situated for a bit before moving the backing down to lay almost flat. He glanced at Hux again half a minute later, seeing him already fast asleep as exhaustion and the threads of his life force being untangled took its toll. Looking away for good this time, Ren closed his eyes, inhaled deeply, and then tried to go back to sleep. Notes: Next chapter we switch to Mitaka for the whole chapter Chapter 3 Notes: You like bad ass Mitaka? Well then this chapter is for you! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Spending three lonely days in solitary confinement had almost driven Mitaka mad. Almost. The first day and night was boring, but fine. He had been given a hunk of dry, hard bread for breakfast and dinner and that was it. On day two, his ears had grown accustomed to hearing nothing but his breathing and beating heart. Mitaka would pace back and forth for distraction purposes and to feel the cold ground with his bare feet. By late that night, his hearing had increased tenfold and he couldn’t sleep. While on his metal slab and leaned against the wall, he would lightly bang the side of his head on it, just to take his mind off his heart that just got louder and louder each passing hour. Now it was the third day and Mitaka thought his head was going to explode. Either sometime today or maybe not until tomorrow, he would be interrogated again and he had two options: Give the Resistance what they wanted or be transferred to this more biased prison that General Organa had mentioned. He could easily proclaim his innocence and go to trial where he would be sentenced to either a grueling life in prison or sentenced to death despite the truth. Although he had aided the First Order, he did not help power the Starkiller since he had been elsewhere during both times. But Mitaka wasn’t stupid; he knew not a single Resistance member or sympathizer would give him a fair trial. No one would even believe him anyway. No matter what he chose, it would end in death for him. By that night, Mitaka was exhausted. Without even needing to look, he twirled his rank marker in his fingers of his left hand, still attempting to distract himself from hearing his heartbeat in his ears. But it was no use, it was just so kriffing loud. More time passed on by before Mitaka’s fingers stopped. He was staring at one specific spot on the wall as a thought struck him out of nowhere. After a few seconds, a faint smile formed on his face and he closed his eyes. Had he finally been broken? Was he thinking of telling General Organa the truth that she wanted? Or did he plan on selling out the First Order to save himself? Well only one person knew what he was thinking, and Mitaka planned on keeping it that way. Someone, somewhere, was going to lose and Mitaka was the decider in their fate. He just had to survive the night first. With his mind re-running his plan over and over again in his head, Mitaka was finally distracted enough to no longer hear that ear-splitting beating coming from his heart. And with it, finally came a heavy and deep, beautiful sleep. It was the afternoon of the fourth day. In a dark, cold corner, Mitaka was curled up into a tight ball, his hands pressed tightly to his ears and his eyes were screwed shut tight. Feeling his heart beat in his chest was far better than hearing it pound and pound and pound in his ears for nearly forty-eight hours straight. Mitaka flinched harshly when he heard his small prison room door slam open loudly behind him. He then heard someone step inside and pause. “I think he’s dead.” “What? Really? Dammit, I wanted to give him a few swift kicks before he was shipped off.” “…I mean, I guess you still could and he’d feel it in the afterlife or some shit.” “I am not kicking a corpse.” “Fine, then I’ll do it.” “Whatever floats your boat, man.” Mitaka waited a moment for the first man to move closer. The man stopped behind him, paused as he moved his right leg back, and then aimed a kick for Mitaka’s spine. At the last possible second, Mitaka threw his arm behind him, caught the man’s calf by wrapping his arm around his leg, and then he was able to trip him up. The second man started yelling something as the first slammed into the hard ground, his head hitting it hard enough to knock him out. With his rank marker in a very tight hand, Mitaka rolled over to get on his knees and then he shot up to his feet. The second man had crouched by his companion to check him over, but hearing the Lieutenant move, he jerked his head up right as a knee came slamming into his face. Mitaka heard something crunch loudly from inside the man’s flesh. The man tumbled backward, blood pouring from his nose and Mitaka knew he had broken it possibly beyond repair. Without waiting another second, he ran to the door and slid out of it sideways. Ahead of him, Resistance guards were rushing to see what the commotion was and that’s when they spotted him. “After him! Don’t let him get away!” Although Mitaka wasn’t too adept in fighting, he had his werewolf swiftness and cunning to get him through obstacles such as these men with blasters. Gritting his teeth, he ducked and weaved as they started firing at him to incapacitate him. He soon reached the first two and, rather than try to knock them away, acted as if he would go one way, but then swiftly went the opposite. He ended up tripping one of them before spinning around and ducking while sliding on the floor. A blaster bolt flew over his head, hitting the wall instead. Twisting his body around, Mitaka grabbed the blaster with his free hand, jerked it hard out of the guard’s hands, and then smashed one side of his face with it. The guard cried out in pain as he jerked to the side, regaining his balance clumsily. Throwing the blaster behind him and managing to hit the second guard without needing to look, Mitaka got the rest of his body turned around and he charged down the hall towards the other guards that were a few feet back and firing their weapons. In the next several seconds, Mitaka incapacitated many of the guards on his own and he was almost out of the tight space now. When one got in his way and aimed his blaster for the middle of his chest, he dropped down and performed a somersault, getting directly under the guard when he came out of the roll. He did some quick work with his hands to take the blaster away, pressed the muzzle into the guard’s stomach, and then fired off two quick shots. Screaming in pain, the guard flew back, crashing into the next three guards behind him. Getting back on his feet, Mitaka smashed the blaster against the wall to break it, threw the halves behind him, and then finally made it out of the hallway. By now, an alarm was sounding loudly throughout the entire prison, alerting everyone that a prisoner had broken free from their cell. In one closed off area that served as the prison warden’s base of operations, Leia Organa had been speaking to some Resistance commanders about the next available transfer from one prison to another when the alarm sounded. Looking over her shoulder, Leia saw a guard getting knocked back as they sailed past the large window of the warden room. Her eyes widened when she recognized Mitaka as he was running past. She quickly turned to one of the men. “Find a way to stop the Lieutenant! I have to speak with him again before he’s transferred!” “Yes ma’am!” The men gathered their weapons and ran out of the room to help the other guards stop Mitaka from escaping. Leia, meanwhile, decided to go a different route to stop him in case the guards couldn’t. As she headed through the prison, she thought back to what that defected First Order doctor had told her about the Lieutenant. ~ “I am sorry, sir, but you cannot request an audience with the Resistance General without informing one of us on who you’re escorting into our facilities. For all we know, you are trying to ambush us by lying through your teeth-” “I do not give a damn what your protocol is, I must speak to General Organa before this slimy bastard wakes up!” “Wakes up? What do you mean?” “At ease, Captain,” an older woman’s voice said behind him. Looking back, the Captain saw General Leia Organa approaching the loading and unloading dock. She stopped before the barrier, eyeing the lab coat-wearing man reproachfully. “But General Organa-” Leia lifted a hand to stop him, shutting him up instantly. She soon lowered it as she continued to stare at the newcomer. “Now, who am I speaking with? And what or whom do you have for us?” “My name is Dr. James Ekels. I was hired as a doctor aboard the Finalizer for the First Order. We did not see eye-to-eye after a specific incident, but I vowed to stay on as a sort of spy for the Resistance. I have very valuable information to give on an important prisoner that could be used to help you take on the First Order.” Leia was quiet for some time as she contemplated this, but she soon nodded, then turned to the Captain. “Captain, gather a few guards to take care of the prisoner while I escort Dr. Ekels to a meeting room.” “Yes ma’am.” The Captain turned around and left, while Leia closed down the barrier and stepped aside. “If you will come inside, doctor.” Nodding, Ekels walked in, (a cruel smirk of triumph appearing on his face that Leia wouldn’t get to see). She turned the barrier back on before leading him through the small docking yard of the Resistance ship. It was a couple of minutes before she opened a door on a different wing and stepped aside to let Ekels enter first. They both entered and Leia closed the door behind them. “Please, sit.” Picking the chair to the left of the head of the table, Ekels sat down as Leia took the main chair. This room was fairly small and was a bit on the chilly side, but it was comfortable. Ekels was the first to speak. “What is to happen to the prisoner once he’s here?” General Organa stared calmly at Ekels, but deep inside, she felt something off about this man. She didn’t know what it was, only that she didn’t like it. He had an air about him that made her very suspicious of him. “It depends on the information you give us,” she soon answered, trying to be as vague as possible. “If it’s as valuable as you claim it to be, then our options will be decided based on that.” “I figured as much,” Ekels said. “You do not trust me, but I assure you, what I have to say will be beneficial to the Resistance and Republic.” “That is for me to decide,” Leia said coolly. “Yes ma’am.” “You may state your case.” Nodding, Ekels began to explain himself, like he had rehearsed what he was going to say ahead of time. “I was able to incapacitate and detain one Dopheld Mitaka, who is a lesser Lieutenant of the First Order. He was a patient of mine and a personal aide for General Hux. His primary position, however, was to power the Starkiller weapon. He is one of the many reasons the Hosnian System was destroyed and he tried to do the same the second time. During the evacuation of the planet, I managed to incapacitate him with a blow to the head, stowed him away in my small ship, and then left long before the planet self-destructed. I figured I could gain your trust and join the Resistance if I gave the Lieutenant up for his war crimes. I may have started down the path of the First Order, through both their manipulation and fear tactics, but my heart has always been with the Republic. I certainly hope with my story that I can continue to be a spy for you and the Resistance, but that is entirely up to you.” “Yes, it most certainly is my decision and mine alone,” Leia agreed. They went silent for a bit as she considered her options. While she believed in the doctor’s retelling of the events, she also didn’t fully trust him either. She could not pinpoint what made her uneasy about Ekels, but this was about imprisoning a warmonger for his horrendous crimes, not whether or not Ekels could be a triple agent. After some time, she came up with a decision. “I believe in what you say, doctor. The Lieutenant will be escorted to one of our prison bases for interrogation. He is now out of your hands. As for being a double agent, I cannot give you such an order, nor do I suggest it, but do what you feel you must do. If that means spying on the First Order for us, then so be it. “Now, is there anything else you would like to tell me?” Ekels shook his head. “No ma’am.” Nodding, Leia stood up, Ekels following suit. She stared silently at him for a few more seconds before speaking again. “Thank you for your help, doctor, but we do not require anything more of you. You may go.” Ekels gave a nod. “Yes ma’am.” Moving away from the table, Leia moved to the door and opened it, standing off to the side so that Ekels could leave. He moved between the door frame and was about to head back for his ship, but he stopped and turned back. “If I may give my personal opinion, ma’am?” Leia blinked, wondering what else Ekels could possibly say. “If you must…” A stern look appeared on Ekels’ face. “Dopheld Mitaka is just as much of a war lord as General Hux is. They are far too close to not suffer the same fate. So I see it only fitting that they receive the highest punishment for the genocide of the Hosnian System. They are better off being executed than imprisoned for the remainder of their days. Showing them mercy would only result in a potential future prison break-” “I will be the judge of that,” General Organa interrupted sternly. Ekels closed his mouth quickly. “Now if that is all, I have several prisoners to escort to a Resistance prison on one of the neighboring planets. Remember what I have said about returning to the First Order.” “Of course ma’am. And I will.” Leia gave him a nod, signaling that he could go. Turning back the way he came, Ekels headed for the docking bay. Leia watched him go, her eyes narrowing as that feeling deep in her gut told her to take his story with a grain of salt. She had a very strong feeling that there was something he wasn’t telling her, and not just about this Lieutenant Dopheld Mitaka. Perhaps there was someone else Ekels wished to see suffer at the hands of the Resistance, too. After a deep breath, General Organa headed for another part of the ship before she left for the prison planet not far from their location. She wanted to personally interrogate the Lieutenant about what Ekels had told her, so she had to get there ahead of time for preparations. ~ Back in the warden’s room, Leia finished her recollection, feeling that same sensation she had felt back when she first saw Ekels. There was something neither him nor Mitaka was telling her and she wanted to get to the bottom of it. But first, they had to recapture Lieutenant Mitaka before he disappeared somewhere on this desolate wasteland of a planet. Notes: Next Update: January 25th Chapter 4 Notes: More bad ass Mitaka, with a side of snarky and not putting up with anyone's shit (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Mitaka was running hard for his life as he was chased by the Resistance through the prison. He was using his nose to guide him out of there and then he would have to find a place on the planet itself to hide until they gave up. As he passed prison cells, still clutching hard to his rank marker, other prisoners were yelling for him to help them out, but he ignored them. He did mentally apologize for leaving them behind since they were beneficial to the First Order, but he figured if he could escape and find a way to contact the Finalizer, then they could come back to rescue them. If they had given anything away, they were either to be executed or reconditioned, both options not being a favorable one. Mitaka soon found himself in a mostly bare area that was close to the entrance. He had had to go a longer route due to several sections being closed off because of his escape, but he was almost out of there now. Sniffing the air quickly, he found which direction he needed to go next and he started to run for it. He was almost to freedom that he could taste it! Minutes later and Mitaka had reached the vast foyer of the prison base. He rushed to the door that would lead him outside, but he had to abruptly stop in his tracks when it remained closed. He swore under his breath, having been too preoccupied with escaping to think that the entrance was the first to completely lockdown. He had to find some other way out now. He was about to head off again when he heard a shout far to his left. “Lieutenant Mitaka!” Stopping, Mitaka looked over and saw General Organa approaching him. He turned to glare at her. “If you do not let me go, General Organa, you will not find the consequences very pleasant.” “Lieutenant, since the day you arrived from the prison ship that brought you here, there has been something heavy on my conscious that I must address.” Mitaka growled weakly at her. “I do not give a kriffing damn what you’re going through!” Leia looked sternly at him. “You did not power the Starkiller during either instance, did you, Lieutenant?” Mitaka’s eyes widened. Leia moved closer to him. “That is what your former physician told me when he brought you to us. He said you are one of the main reasons for the decimation of the Hosnian System. And while I do believe you should be charged with a crime, I do not believe it should be for the crime that was presented to me. You may have aided the Order, but you did not murder anyone. That alone can save your life.” Mitaka stepped away when Leia took another step towards him. “My fate was decided the second I joined the First Order, General Organa. As I have said the first time, no Resistance or Republic sympathizer will believe the facts. The only thing a biased jury will see on that stand is a murderer. Death is my only option no matter what I choose. So, no, ma’am, I will not give you the truth, nor will I lie, because I am dead either way.” They stared silently at each other for a long time. By now, soldiers and guards were surrounding them, all of them pointing their blasters at Mitaka, who had nowhere else to run. Leia wished she could convince him that he would live if he confessed the truth and to dispose Dr. Ekels for what he really was, but she knew it was out of her hands now. Closing her eyes, she exhaled, then reopened them to stare at Mitaka with remorse. “Escort the prisoner to the transfer ship, Captain Arlo.” Leia looked at Arlo as she continued. “Lieutenant Dopheld Mitaka is to be charged with powering the Starkiller weapon on the Hosnian System and when the First Order tried to fire on the Illenium System. He is a flight risk, so he will need to be under constant surveillance on the trip to the maximum security prison this afternoon and while he is imprisoned there, awaiting trial.” “Yes, General.” Captain Arlo and a few guards headed for Mitaka, who continued to stare at Leia with disdain. She reached him before the guards got to him first, staring hard at him. “I hope that whomever you are trying to run towards, Mitaka, that your silence is worth it. Because you have just ensured that you will never see him again.” A strange numbness filled Mitaka at General Organa’s choice of pronouns and the look in her eye, as if she knew exactly who Mitaka was missing so terribly. Before he was handcuffed and escorted to the transfer ship, he looked down at the floor in defeat. Leia didn’t take her eyes off him, even as the guards clamped the white metal cuffs to his wrists and led him away. Once she was alone, she looked at the floor to release a breath, wishing she had never given Mitaka three days to change his mind. During that time, while she had a free moment to think of the story Ekels told her, she had figured out whom Mitaka was trying to protect. Deep down, she completely understood why he had done nothing to defend himself. If Han was in such a position as Mitaka, he wouldn’t sell out the Republic or Resistance either, just so he could protect the love of his life. That was all Mitaka really wanted. ‘ This is the price we all pay for war, Leia,’ she thought to herself as she headed through the prison, which was free from the lockdown now that the escapee had been captured once more. ‘If Mitaka is willing to sacrifice himself for the First Order to protect General Hux, then I cannot stop him, no matter how much it pains me.’ General Organa wished it wasn’t this way, but neither side was willing to give up, so she had to let Mitaka go. Speaking of which, Mitaka was between two heavily armed guards as they were heading for the transfer ship that carried many of the First Order members that had been captured and stripped of their belongings. Mitaka still held his rank marker, unable to let it go for some unknown reason. As they reached the side of the ship a minute later, he was given a new set of clothes that he would change into after they took off for the prison he was assigned to. He was shoved into an uncomfortable, plastic seat, but the handcuffs weren’t removed. He figured they would wait to be in the air before they freed their hands. For the next several minutes, prisoners were shoved into seats and Mitaka soon found himself in between two of them. He didn’t bother looking at anyone since he probably didn’t know any of them. It wasn’t like he was forced to memorize who was who by name. Only the most superior of officers had that galactic hell to go through. Once everyone was seated and the pilot and co-pilot were in the cockpit starting the ship up, they were ready to lift-off into space. Mitaka kept his eyes on his feet, gently thumbing the rank marker. The ship shuddered as they rose into the air and soon skyrocketed off the ground, through the atmosphere, and entering the deep reaches of space. The ship leveled itself out for a smooth ride to whatever planet they were heading for and then the guards came around to unlock the handcuffs. They had to do it three at a time to avoid anyone thinking of overpowering the crew, which wasn’t many. Mitaka had to wait at least five minutes before it was his turn. “Hurry up and get dressed. And no funny business this time.” Not saying anything, Mitaka stood, set his rank marker on his seat, and began to pull on the plain, gray pants he was given. The guard saw the marker on the seat. “Where did you get that?” Mitaka looked at the guard, saw where he was looking, and then looked back at him. “One of the prison guards I knocked out cold let me have it.” The guard snorted. “You may as well just leave it. Where you’re going, you get nothing but shit food and you’re going to have to share a large cell with thirty or so men that may or may not find your stupid face pretty enough to ruin.” Mitaka didn’t respond to that while he pulled his scratchy and stiff gray top that matched his pants on. Once he was seated again, with his rank marker in his pant pocket for safe-keeping, the guard put his handcuffs back on and then moved on to the next prisoner. By now Mitaka decided to glance around, just in case he recognized somebody from the First Order. There weren’t many that he noticed, so it would be slim to none to be caged with someone he could at least have a pleasant conversation with as they waited for their sentences to be carried out. The trip to the nearest planet took every nightly hour and part of the morning to reach. It had been uncomfortable and a little stuffy, but the prison they would be in was far worse than this. Even just being on the same ship as all these men and women made Mitaka want to gag or sneeze due to his enhanced nose picking up everything. The ship soon flew into a docking port on the outside of the giant prison and at least five hundred meters away. Row-by-row, the prisoners were led off the ship and they had to trek barefooted across some kind of nasty swamp before coming across hard ground. Mitaka had to hold his breath the entire walk to the prison so that he didn’t vomit. It appeared most of the prisoners had to do the same, but they didn’t have as strong of a nose as Mitaka did, so they weren’t aware of how much he could still smell without fully breathing. After a long time, they finally made it to the front of the prison made of heavy duty steel and concrete. Outside were washing stations for their drenched with swamp gunk- and vegetation-covered feet that they had to step into and shake off. Once everyone was done, they were led inside to find a whole slew of people, including heavily armed guards, other prisoners being escorted in military-style lines to who knows where, and Resistance officers that were giving an orientation to newly hired guards about how the prison worked and what times the prisoners were meant to go to their meals and showers. No one acknowledged the new set of prisoners coming inside and heading for their cells. The lead guard stepped up to a man dressed in Admiral’s gear to speak privately with him some time later. This lasted quite a while before the Admiral looked at the big group. “Dopheld Mitaka, step forward!” The prisoners looked around at each other, knowing that name now that they heard it. Taking a deep breath and letting it out, Mitaka started moving through the crowd to reach the front. Guards came by to pull prisoners aside and disperse them. Seconds later, Mitaka stopped a few feet from the Admiral and the lead guard, his face blank. The Admiral sized him up before speaking again. “It has come to my attention that General Organa has given strict orders to lock you in the most secure area of the prison. You are a flight risk, according to her. Well I call folly on that just by the looks of you. So I have elected to ignore her command and consider it a mere suggestion instead. You will be locked up in the same cell as everyone else that you came with. What they decide to do to you in there is not my concern. Now get back in line and shut up.” Mitaka didn’t need to be told twice. Without a word, he turned around and returned to his previous spot, ignoring the stares as he walked. The Admiral dismissed them and they were led to their final destination. Surprisingly, the cells were much bigger and spacious than Mitaka thought, but they were completely exposed. And this prison wasn’t just filled with First Order members and sympathizers either. All sorts of bad people and aliens and weirdos were shoved in together like sardines. The noise alone would drive Mitaka crazy. And the smells were the worst he had ever had the misfortune of experiencing. He certainly hoped the beast didn’t decide to go into heat over all of this stress. He didn’t particularly feel like becoming someone’s prison bitch while he was here for however long it took to get a trial set for him. Assuming he would even get one, that is. The group had to be split up a bit as they reached the next empty cell, and then their handcuffs were removed before going inside. Unfortunately for Mitaka, he was stuck inside the partial filled one, where he saw at least two members of Kanjiklub nearby. Had he not been a werewolf, they would all eat him alive in there because of his boyish physique. After a few moments of being inside, Mitaka couldn’t help but smirk and then chuckle, getting a few curious glances. “Oh they are going to wish they hadn’t put me in with you guys,” he said out loud. The men closest to him looked at each other in confusion, both of them thinking the same thing. The biggest looked at Mitaka in anger. “Was that a threat, you little punk?” Mitaka glanced at them out of the corner of his eye. “Don’t tempt me.” “Why you little ingrate-!” “HEY! Shut the hell up in there, ya stupid fucks!” The man gave Mitaka the evil eye before moving away with his buddy. Shaking his head, the Lieutenant scoured the cell for a slightly less claustrophobic spot, finding it in the western corner. He walked over, turned around to keep his back to the connecting sides, and sat down. The constant and aggravatingly loud din that the prisoners created was pounding into his ears already and he breathed so faint that it didn’t seem like he was breathing at all. He tried not to become violently ill as all of his senses kicked into overdrive. This was going to be harder to deal with than Mitaka originally thought. Had these idiots just done what General Organa asked of them, they wouldn’t have to be in for a nasty surprise by the end of the month. For most of the afternoon, Mitaka sat in his corner, trying to stave off the boredom and the horrendous scents and sounds and the itchy fabric of their prison garb on his skin. He wouldn’t be surprised if he developed a rash soon. By dinner time, half of the cells each were led out to get their dinner in the large mess hall. Mitaka was one of the first few to go in his cell. The only person he might recognize was one of the Kanjiklub men, who didn’t even acknowledge him or pay much attention. It took at least two minutes to reach the mess hall, which was already pretty crowded and loud. The prisoners were forced into a long line to first pick up a plate and silverware before moving down the line to where the food was hot and steaming for them. As a slimy and vomit-looking casserole was plopped onto Mitaka’s plate, he decided that he was going to die from dehydration caused by excessive vomiting. Not to mention this shit could probably flush them all out, assuming it tasted as nasty as it looked. They were also given a slice of soggy bread and all they could have to drink was water in water bottles. By the end of the line, the guards directed prisoners to the nearest empty seat at the long tables and Mitaka was, thankfully, on an end rather than in the middle. So far, this had been the only good thing to come out of his bullshit imprisonment. Mitaka looked at his dinner, not sure where to start. His face screwed up in disgust as he lifted some casserole with a spoon to his head and caught the smell of it even worse from up close. “Don’t worry, kid, you’ll get used to their slop soon enough.” Mitaka glanced at the man beside him at the other table, who was reading some kind of book in a language Mitaka couldn’t read. “I would rather starve.” The man chuckled, finished the page he was on, and then saved his place with a scrap of paper. “It’s not as terrible tasting as it looks and smells, trust me.” Mitaka still wasn’t sure, even as the man shoveled in a good spoonful, but he plugged his nose and forced it into his mouth. He shuddered violently at the texture of the dish, but he made himself swallow it down. The older gentleman was right, it didn’t taste too gross. “So what’re you in for, kid?” Mitaka had to drink some water with every spoonful. “I aided in genocide recently.” “Ah, so you’re a First Order brat,” the man said, tearing a chunk of bread off with his teeth. “We hear a lot about your kind in here. Funny, you don’t look like a soldier.” “I am, or rather I was, a Lieutenant on the Finalizer. All I had to do was help power up a powerful weapon and I tailed the General around.” The man just nodded as he ate. Mitaka blinked at him a few times. “And you?” “Sympathizer,” the man said flatly. “I led a few protests on my home world, which landed me here. Though I wasn’t much for violence, so I’m in the more mediocre end of the prison. I’m not a flight risk, unlike most in here.” “Mh.” When the man was finished eating, he picked his book back up and continued to read. “You better eat up, kid. I have heard that the worst parts of the prison are not as kind as my area.” Mitaka rolled his eyes. “Why does everyone assume that because I’m a little chubby and small, I’m going to get into trouble easier?” The man glanced at him. “That’s because nobody expects you’d be much of a threat. Just…make yourself vomit if anyone tries to get you, okay kid? And don’t drop the soap.” “Yeah, yeah, I know the drill.” The man snorted in amusement before returning to his book for the remainder of his time there. Mitaka continued to make himself eat the slop and he tried to eat the bread, but it was so wet it felt like cold porridge with soaked paper mixed in. He ended up spitting it out and guzzling the rest of his water to get the bad taste out of his mouth, which got a laugh from the old man. It was soon time to go and the older man’s table was being escorted first. He gave Mitaka an encouraging nod. “Take care of yourself, kid. Maybe we’ll see each other again.” Mitaka just nodded before the man’s group left. Minutes later and it was his table’s turn to head back for their cells. As they were leaving in single file in two columns, more prisoners were coming in for dinner. On the way back, they were given a bathroom break for the night, with the next one being in the morning before breakfast. Mitaka didn’t want to know what they would be having during the other two meal times. After dinner and the cells had all of their prisoners back, the lights went completely out and the guards yelled for everyone to shut up and go to sleep. Mitaka was back in his corner, not feeling the slightest bit tired yet. If it wasn’t for the werewolf gene, he would be just as blind as the rest of these assholes. He was definitely one of the lucky ones in that regard. Hours passed and it was mostly quiet, minus a few haunting noises that Mitaka could only guess what they were. But the one thing he noticed above all else, that had nearly drove him insane back in solitary confinement, was the inconsistent beating of everyone’s hearts. Some were very faint, whereas many were loud, like the beating of drums. Mitaka leaned back in his corner with his eyes wide open in aggravation, not knowing how long he could handle such torture. Everyone’s heartbeats filling his ears alone made him wish he was dead. It was soon nearing morning and Mitaka hadn’t slept a wink all night. For the last hour, he had been banging the back of his head against the bars to drown out the thumping noises as best he could. The only downside was the massive headache he was getting. “Maybe you should try smashing your head harder so that you’ll kill yourself faster.” Hearing the voice in front of him, Mitaka lifted his exhausted gaze and saw one of the more heavyset prisoners of his cell staring down at him. “Kriffing move over, otherwise I’ma piss on ya.” Without a word, Mitaka turned his head away, not moving. The man scowled as he gently kicked him in the leg. “I’m being serious, bub. I have to piss. Move it.” When Mitaka still didn’t do anything, the man pushed the waistline of his pants off his hips. “Last chance, bub.” “Pee on me and I’m going to rip that dick right out of your crotch,” Mitaka snapped as he glared at him from the corner of his eye. The man looked dumbstruck at him momentarily, thought better of it, and then turned to the side instead to relieve himself. Mitaka snorted before tearing his gaze away, trying to ignore the sound and smell of urine passing a couple feet away from him. He forced himself to scoot over a few inches to get as far away from it as possible without having his backside exposed. “You’re real bold there, aren’t ya, bub?” the man asked before turning and walking away. Mitaka didn’t say anything. A couple of hours later, it was breakfast time for Mitaka’s block, and this meal wasn’t any better. He wasn’t even quite sure what it was, but it looked like some flimsy flat bread drenched in syrup and they got a small bowl of orange slices to go with it. At least it tasted better than that casserole and soggy bread. Half an hour later, it was time to go back to the cells before lunch hours later and then hours after, they received two hours of recreation time. As Mitaka was entering his cell, he asked the guard what day of the month it was. “It’s the seventeenth.” “Thanks.” Mitaka returned to his corner. The floor where the man from that morning took a leak had been cleaned up with a wet mop. That didn’t fully remove the smell though, so Mitaka avoided breathing too deeply. By the time it was time to go outside for recreation, Mitaka was learning to filter between everyone’s scents and he would eventually stop noticing them too strongly altogether. Lunch had been terrible and small, but Mitaka forced himself to eat it, like the old man suggested. He was now outside with about a hundred inmates for recreation. The outside air was fresh and cool, so that was helping him feel better. At some point, the prisoners were becoming rowdy, but the guards didn’t bother breaking it up unless it got too out of hand. “Hey asswipe, get up.” Hearing the loud annoying voice close to his head, Mitaka glanced up from his lying position on the top tier of the three-tier bleachers that was up against the prison wall, seeing one of his cell mates glaring at him. He recognized him as one of the ones he had stood next to when he was first placed in his cell. “What do you want?” “My boys and I wanna kick your ass to teach you a lesson about threatening guys bigger than you, that’s what.” After a few more seconds of staring, Mitaka closed his eyes again and ignored them. This didn’t sit too well with the gang leader. “That’s it, prepare to have your head bashed into the fucking concrete!” The guy didn’t even see it coming. He had gone in to beat Mitaka in the face, but with his faster reflexes, he rolled over backwards and dropped from the bleachers to land on his feet. The man’s fist smashed the metal seat, spraining some fingers, but he quickly turned on Mitaka, who didn’t look too worried. “You little cunt!” Mitaka ducked when a swinging fist came for his face again. The arm sailed right over him, exposing the man’s front for a tackle. Slamming his body into his sternum, Mitaka slammed the man’s back into the seat to injure his spine before pulling him away and throwing him to the ground. Once he let go, he stared blankly down at the man as he groaned and writhed in pain. “You’ll live.” Turning to the side, Mitaka ignored the rest of the gang in order to walk away. They stared after him in awe at what he managed to do to a guy nearly twice his size. As he headed for a more deserted part of the rec area, Mitaka curled his hands into fists to hide his werewolf claws. He deeply inhaled the fresh air to calm down the beast. It was not the right time for this prison to find out what he truly was yet. They could wait a few more days until then. At the thought, Mitaka smirked. For once in his life, he was looking forward to becoming the beast. Then he would show them what they were up against. ‘ I just hope Hux will be okay without me this time,’ he thought. Mitaka had spent a good amount of time thinking of Hux and wondering what he was doing and how he was holding up without his mate close-by. It was faint inside his own belly, but Mitaka could feel that sensation he always felt when around Hux ache and cry out for him. He knew exactly what it was too: loneliness. Once again, Mitaka was the only werewolf around, and no one here would ever understand how this all felt. He was truly and utterly alone once again. Notes: Next Update: February 3 Chapter 5 Notes: You thought Mitaka was snarky and bad ass before? Well you haven't read nothing yet! Time to go into BEAST MODE! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Almost a week had passed since Mitaka was transferred to the high-security and infamous Resistance prison. He was in the recreation area with a hundred or so other prisoners, watching disdainfully at the commotion that was happening at one end. About thirty guys were surrounding two others that were wrestling with each other over some petty argument that had occurred minutes before. Most of them were First Order members and sympathizers, and Mitaka couldn’t help but feel pissed off at their lack of professionalism. This was not how people of the First Order were supposed to behave. “Bunch of morons, aren’t they, Doph?” Looking away from the crowd finally, Mitaka looked to the older gentleman sitting next to him. This was the protester who Mitaka had met at dinner on the first night six days ago. “They’re a disgrace to the First Order.” “You could teach them some manners or two,” the man said with a wink. Snorting, Mitaka looked down at his raised knees, twisting his rank marker in between his fingers. “Or the guards can just do their damn jobs.” The man watched him do his thing for a moment. “Why do you keep that thing for anyway? You’re probably going to be sentenced to death anyway, so there’s really no point in having it.” Mitaka shook his head. “I don’t know, something keeps telling me to keep it on me no matter what.” “Well I hope one day you figure out what that reason is.” After a few more twists, Mitaka placed the marker back in his pant’s pocket for safe keeping, and then stretched out on the bleachers they were preoccupying. They were silent for a long time, still hearing the commotion nearby. “I don’t mean to pry, but you don’t look so good. You sick or something?” Mitaka stared up at the cloudy sky. His companion decided to wait about a minute for him to give an answer before changing the subject. Maybe it wasn’t his business to know anyway. “Are you a man of your word, Darrel?” Mitaka soon asked, not looking away from the clouds. Darrel shrugged. “I don’t know. I guess I could be. Why do you ask?” There was a long pause before Mitaka carefully sat up and then looked at him. “There’s a reason I look awful, Darrel. Once a month, I get…ill, for lack of a better word. Before I tell you exactly what I mean, you have to promise to keep it to yourself. Only a few others know my secret, people I know I can trust. So can I trust you too?” The man nodded. “Of course. I promise to take it to my grave.” There was a pause as Mitaka contemplated telling him the truth. Darrel had been kind to him since day one, so he believed him. After a deep breath to calm himself, Mitaka turned to face him, leaving his back to the rec area. “When I was seven years old, I was bitten by a werewolf and became one in return.” Darrel stared at Mitaka as though he was crazy. “Werebeasts… exist ?” Mitaka nodded. Darrel didn’t look as if he believed him. “That isn’t funny, Doph!” “Does it look like I’m laughing?” Mitaka asked. Darrel was dumbstruck. When Mitaka still didn’t burst out laughing or yell “syke” or whatever, fear bubbled up inside the man. “Kriff, Doph, how am I supposed to react to this supernatural bullshit?! That’s crazy!” “I know it sounds far-fetched, but it’s the truth. And tonight is my transformation night. That’s why I look so awful. It isn’t even close to dark yet and yet I feel the burning in my belly that signals that its almost time to become the beast. I’ll be in my cell by the time it starts and no one will be able to stop it. These Resistance bastards have no idea what they have done by not listening to General Organa.” Darrel still looked like he wasn’t taking this news very well. Mitaka didn’t blame him; he was scared. Most people in the galaxy didn’t believe in werebeasts or any other supernatural thing, but very soon an entire prison full of arrogant inmates and guards was going to start believing in it. Having that kind of power was both frightening and reassuring. After a while, Darrel swallowed hard to get the hard lump out of his throat. “What will happen to you? What happens when you’re…the beast?” “I don’t know full details since the human brain goes dark when transformed. All I know is my body will be in excruciating pain as it changes shape. Kylo Ren, who is a Knight for the Order, was able to use his Force ability to unlock the human portion of my brain that prevented me from knowing what happens as the beast. I will be able to remember what happened when I’m human again in the morning, I’ll be able to have conscious thought during the night, and I’m not sure what else. As for what I plan to do for this particular night? I don’t know yet, but I might be able to escape from here or I can let everyone escape and we take down this prison together, there’s so many possibilities. But my main goal is to return to the Finalizer and help the Order get back on its feet. That’s where I’m meant to be.” There was a long pause before Darrel released a breath and then nodded. “Okay, I understand, Doph. Thank you for telling me. I will keep my word and not tell anyone.” “Thanks.” Sighing, Darrel stood up and headed off the three-tier bleachers. “I need to process all of this alone, Doph. If you are conscious tonight, come find me.” Stepping off the bleachers, Darrel looked back up at Mitaka, who was staring down at him tiredly. “But if you’re not, then stay the galactic hell away from me.” Mitaka’s shoulders slumped at hearing this and he looked hurt. Darrel walked away, talking to himself in order to get his troubled mind under control. Mitaka looked off to the side seconds later, wishing he hadn’t said a thing at all. Now Darrel would never look at him the same way again. Never get attached to people, Dopheld. No good can ever come from loving anyone. Tears pricked Mitaka’s eyes at the memory of the shaman telling him this, feeling even more alone than ever. No matter what anyone said, he would forever hate what he was. Not even Hux could tell him otherwise. Not being able to tell the people he loved and cared about who he truly was was the worst part of being a werewolf. Physical pain was nothing compared to the emotional pain he now shared with so many in his life. For the remainder of the day, Mitaka never saw Darrel again. When it was time to go to dinner, he stayed behind in his cell. The guards had tried to drag him out for a few minutes before giving up. “Hey, if he wants to starve to death, then let the little cunt stay,” one said nastily. So they had locked him up again and didn’t return, but Mitaka didn’t care. As the time to transform drew ever nearer, he thought about Hux and wondered what being the beast would be like for him without Mitaka by his side. There was just two more hours left now and everyone in his cell was returning. He stayed by the door, leaning against the bars with narrowed eyes as the burning sensation in his belly grew in intensity. The two hours then turned into one and Mitaka couldn’t help but wonder how the inmates would react to him changing. He wasn’t sure if he should be gleeful when these pathetic First Order people saw him or feel bad for them. How badly would they be traumatized knowing they had been sharing a cell with a monster? There was now only ten minutes left before the fire would erupt and spread through Mitaka’s body like wildfire. In just ten minutes, these gullible fools would be in for a very nasty surprise. He glanced at all of them mulling around or talking and bickering before lights out. He soon spotted the two guys he had warned on day one close-by. “Hey, you two.” Hearing the voice directed at them, the two looked over and saw Mitaka staring at them. The biggest one that had wanted to pulverize him turned, clearly still remembering what had nearly happened to his spine in the rec area. “What the kriff do you want?” Sitting up, Mitaka pulled his rank marker out of his pocket. “Could one of you do me a favor?” “And why should we help your fat ass after you threatened us?” Feeling pain in his belly, Mitaka stood up, needing to use the bars for support. “I am a very important person in the First Order.” Stepping closer to them, he showed his rank marker. “So I suggest if you want to get out of this prison alive, you do exactly as I say.” The men looked at each other, confused. “What are you talking about, little man?” “What do you mean get out of here?” When there was only a couple of minutes left, Mitaka fell to his knees, snarling in pain that started in the pit of his stomach. He shakily held out his rank marker. “P-Please, don’t lose this. I-I need it f-for later.” “What the kriff man?! What’s wrong with you?!” When the fire finally erupted inside his body, Mitaka fell forward, placing his hands and marker on the floor as he hunched up his body and growled loudly. The two men quickly stepped away, looking stunned. By now, prisoners were staring at them curiously. One of the men from Kanjiklub was watching with a blank look on his face. “This should turn out to be an interesting night,” he said to his companion, who was smirking as if he knew something. “Oh yes, brother, very interesting indeed.” Soon, the nearest cells started hearing a commotion going on, so they all tried to get a look at the cell between them. The ones on Mitaka’s side were staring at him, thinking he was having a seizure or was going to be sick. His claws were now on his hands and they made grooves in the floor when he dragged them towards his palms to hide them. The sounds of cracking and shifting bones echoed around this vast section of the prison. Eventually the noises and snarls from Mitaka as his skin began to shred away and be replaced by werewolf hide under his clothing reached many of the guards, so they began to search for the source. It was only when they started to hear men panicking and screaming for help that they ran between each cell to check them rather than walk. As Mitaka’s body began to bulk up, the rough clothing he wore was tearing, so he tried miserably to speed up the process by clawing and tearing it. Almost two minutes later, he forced himself on his back before it arched and he cried out animalistically. His cellmates were staying backed up as far as they could from him, many stunned and afraid and trying to decide if they were hallucinating or if Mitaka was actually changing form. Sleek black fur had sprouted all over Mitaka’s skin by now and his fangs were almost too big to fit in his normal mouth. It would be another minute before he grew a wolf head and tall, pointed ears. The pain was just as bad as all those times before and he felt like passing out, but he had to stay awake. They could easily capture him if he was unconscious and he couldn’t have that. By now the guards had arrived and they saw the rest of Mitaka’s transformation take place. Shock filled their wide eyes and faces. Mitaka was laying on his side like a wounded animal, panting and growling as he waited for the pain to subside. His clothes were in tatters around him and he was naked, revealing what he truly was. An eerie silence was all around the cells as the cellmates got a good look at a full grown werewolf for the very first time. Once Mitaka was completely still and not appearing to be breathing, a few inmates cautiously approached him to check him over. The guards were aiming their blasters at the black werewolf just in case he tried to attack anyone. No one could see it, but Mitaka opened one eye and was surprised to feel so much different now. He was very much aware that he wasn’t mindless, so he wondered if he had just had a nightmare or if something happened to where he reverted back. It wasn’t until he saw his snout that he realized he was the beast, just a very self-aware one. So this is how it felt to be a full blown werewolf. Mitaka could get used to this. “Is he…dead?” a guard inquired of one of the inmates. ‘ No, but you certainly wish I was,’ Mitaka thought. There was a pause. ‘Okay, this is really kriffing weird.’ Mitaka was impressed with his new found ability to have actual thoughts and not just rely on instinct alone. This was definitely an improvement. He was a bit jealous of Hux since he had experienced this the last time thanks to Kylo Ren’s help. “I wouldn’t get any closer if I were you,” the smirking Kanjiklub brother said out loud. The inmates backed away quickly at the warning. Mitaka was curious to know what the Kanjiklub gang knew about werebeasts, assuming that that’s what this was about. Well, it was now or never, he supposed. So he began to lift his head slowly, getting a few gasps from prisoners and guards, and then he placed his hand-paws down to push his upper body off the floor. Everyone backed further away again as his body began to fill the half empty space. Feeling the rank marker under his palm, Mitaka grabbed it firmly before getting up on all fours. He stared at the floor for a few seconds before he turned his muzzle towards the guards outside the door. They tightened their grips on their blasters, setting them to kill instead of stun to be on the safe side. They hadn’t been trained to handle such situations like this, so they weren’t entirely sure what they should be doing. Parting his teeth and fangs that dripped with saliva, Mitaka growled low in his throat in warning at the guards, daring them to try and fire upon him. “Would that cell keep him inside?” one guard asked quietly, in hopes to not let Mitaka hear. But Mitaka had heard him, and he noted the quiver too. Deciding to be cruel to them, he swiftly slammed his mouth against the door, snarling and snapping his fangs against the bars. They rattled violently and the sudden leap forward had scared the daylights out of the first row of guards. Dropping back down, Mitaka growled with his teeth fully bared. It felt so stupid and weird to know exactly how his body worked now that he was consciously aware of everything. At least it sent terror through the mens’ veins, so he concentrated on that instead. Deciding to test his strength since he hadn’t been able to see himself until now, Mitaka stood up, raised his right arm beside him and at an upward angle, and then quickly slashed at the bars as hard as he could with his claws. They created dangerous and deadly sparks and deep grooves were left in the thick steel. A sense of triumph filled Mitaka as he figured out that if he slashed the bars enough times that he’d break them. “HAARK!” “Shit!” “FIRE!” After Mitaka had snarled and snapped his fangs at them, the guards began to fire their blasters that sent deadly beams that could kill at him. With his inhuman swiftness, Mitaka jumped sideways, then back, then to the opposite side, ducked, and then ran around the front of the cell on all fours to dodge them. He ignored the sounds of prisoners screaming as they were shot and killed by the blasters. The guards stopped firing because of this and were trying to switch their blasters to stun instead. This gave Mitaka enough time to use both hand-paws to claw at the bars a few times in quick succession. He then slammed the bulk of his body into the door, feeling the bars dent inward at the claw marks. Behind him, the prisoners were impressed, if not a bit frightened, but this werewolf didn’t pay them any attention, so they figured they would be safe. Plus, it looked as if he was going to break them free! With most of the blasters set on stun, the guards started shooting again, but Mitaka merely moved around before slamming his body into the bars over and over again. The commotion now alerted many of the inmates in surrounding cells. Not being able to see from so far away, they felt fear fill them at the unknown. Would they be safe inside their cages or would whatever was happening come to them too? After a few more failed attempts at shooting Mitaka, the guards reached into their belts and yanked out smoke grenades, throwing them inside the cell to blind him. They then began to fire again, hearing men getting shot, but not hearing yelps or howls from the werewolf. The smoke was heavy now and they heard something large slamming into the door, but they were unable to see the damage. Seconds later, they heard a high-pitched sound and then something scraping across the floor. Seeing it at the last possible second, three guards didn’t get the chance to dodge as a large piece of the steel door flew into them, smashing them into another cell. The rest of the guards froze in fear. Faintly, they heard a weak growl that grew louder and more sinister. As the smoke began to disappear, they saw a tall, menacing figure coming out of the cage. At the edge of the smoke cloud, a thick, strong, furry leg stepped out, the big, sharp claws clinking on the floor. Slowly, the guards began to lift their heads, their eyes widening in stunned horror. The guards jumped in fear when Mitaka fully stepped out of the cage and smoke, growling at them with his lips parted to reveal his deadly teeth and fangs. They couldn’t move or look away as they saw this monstrous beast come closer. Stopping a few feet away with his legs spread a few inches, Mitaka stared at them with a deadly gaze, his pupils almost a slit and his eyes had a wild look about them. Lifting his arms beside him seconds later, his claws curled in towards his palms, he spread his legs more, tightened his back paws and claws onto the floor, and, as he hunched over slightly in the middle, opened his mouth wide. “HRAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR…!” “AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA…!” Notes: Next Update: February 12 Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Star Wars: The Beast Awakens series