First Chapter Rey gives the lightsaber to Luke and takes a couple of stepps back. "Hello Rey, I assume you want me to teach you the ways of the force" "Uhm, I dont know, I just need you to come with me, the Resistance needs you" Rey said starring at him. "Okay then, I will come with you" They went back down the stairs and into the Falcon in silence. "Hello Chewie, I am sorry about Han" Luke said hugging Chewie. They all sat down in the cockpit and flew the short trip back to the Resistance base. *At D'Qar* The Falcon landed on a small platform. Chewie opened the door and everyone went outside. "Hello sis" Luke said laughing "Hello Luke, i'm afraid we dont have much time for a reunion, the First Order is on their way here as we speak" There where loud bang noises followed by people screaming. In the distance they could se the chapes of the First Orders Stormtrooper transporters and tie fighters. "We need to run, come on" Leia said running into the base. Everyone except for Rey followed Leia, instead Rey walked over to the place where all the x-wings where stated. "Hey Rey" Poe yelld at her. "Hello Dameron, how is everything" "It's pretty bad, the First Order has sent a lot of troops" he said looking up at the sky. Poe and Rey where looking up at the sky when they saw a big, black familliar ship on it's way to land. "Oh no, it's Kylo Ren" Poe said. "We need to go, now" Rey said. Rey, Poe and BB-8 was on their way to the base building when they where cut off by stormtroopers. "Come on Rey, lets get the Falcon" They ran into the Falcon and closed the doors. They had just sat down in the cockpit when Poes radio beepd "Where are you?" Leia said threw Poes radio. "We are on the Falcon General" Poe said. "You need to leave" "Where to?" "Just go Poe, we will contact you later, hurry" The radio went silent and Poe started the engines. "Where are we going?" asked Rey. "I have no idea" Poe said. The Falcon lifted from the ground and hurried it's way out of the planets atmosfear. The Three of them just sat there in silence, wondering what they should do next. "Lets go to Takodana and pay a visit to Maz Kanata" Poe said. Chapter 2 : Second Chapter Summary: Hellow c: Ye, in this chapter you get to meet some of the other characters... Like Hux, Kylo and Admiral Statura c: baii Notes: Second chapter is here c: They landed on Takodana near Maz's castle wich they had already started to re-build. "Hey kidds" Maz said when she saw them coming up the stairs. "Hey Maz, how's it going?" said Poe. "I Heard about the attack on the Resistance base" Maz sadi with a sad voice. They stod on the stairs talking for a couple of minutes when they Heard a loud banging noice and saw a bunch of tie fighters in the sky. "Those beasts, they are here again" Maz said. "We need to run" said Rey. Poe, Rey and BB started running to the Falcon when they saw it was surrounded of stormtroopers. And there, in the distance, they could see a man with a black cape and a dark metal mask. "Oh, kriff! It's Kylo Ren" Poe said. They started running in the other direction, towards the forest, when Poe suddenly froze. "Poe what are you doing?" "I dont know, i cant move" They Heard someone aproching from behind and Rey turned to face the person. "Hello Scavenger" Kylo said. And suddenly, Everything Went black. *The Resistance base* "We need to get going Leia!" Statura said. "I know, i know" Leia said. Leia and Statura packed their belongings and ran towards their ship. When they came abord they noticed someone standing in the cockpit. "General, where is Rey and Poe?" asked Finn. "Finn, what are you doing?, you shoould be in the infirmary!" Statura said. "I know, but where are they?" "We dont know Finn" Leia said. "We have to leave for the new base" Statura said. "Where is the new base exactly?" Finn asked. "Oh, it's on Hoth" said Statura. "Hoth? Is that the really Cold planet with all the snow?" Finn asked. "Yeah, it is very Cold" Leia said. The Three of them, R2 and 3PO started the ship and began the tripp to Hoth. All the way there, the only thing Finn could Think of whas if his friends where ok. *The Finalizer* Rey woke up in a dark cell. "What the heck" Rey whispered to herself. "Hello scavenger, Rey right" said a voice and someone stepped in her cell. "Who are you?" "My name is Hux, im a general" "Oh, you are that anoying ginger general?" "What, who told you that?" "No one" Rey said with a smirk.