Kylo Ren has a massive cock. Rey had expected as much the first time she’d seen him. She’d still been a student at the time, and a late bloomer who hadn't yet presented; but she'd known, just from the sight of the strutting, proud alpha, that his dick must’ve been huge. There were always flocks of omegas surrounding him, hoping he would pick them to be his partner in each night of his rut; each hoping he might bond to them, that a man descended from royalty would lay permanent claim to their womb, and give them offspring with his prowess in the hunt. She knows he has no preference between males or females, she’s seen how he engages both; with tact she can’t dream of having. He had been with a male omega named Armitage for a while. The ginger was one of the most active Omegas in their pack; despite his relative youth. He had only been 15 when he had first presented as Omega, and he had never looked back; embracing his place within the hierarchy with glee. Kylo had been Hux’s first, only two years the boy’s senior many had thought they would turn out to be mates. It had ended after three years, and they had been carrying on a not-so-discreet friends with benefits relationship ever since, six years now. Rey found both of them insufferable; especially when the entire camp was forced to listen to Hux’s incessant and entirely exaggerated shrieks of praise over Kylo’s apparent size. She’s never so much as spoken to him, and she doesn't plan too. Now Rey is eighteen and has only had her heat for two years. She’d wondered if she was just another Beta, incapable of reproduction, never to have a mate or children. This heat, this strange unexpected heat, had begun earlier in the morning, a slight tickle at the base of her spine. Too early in the month, she thought; but nothing to be too concerned about. She had hardly noticed as she had set about her daily routine; checking snares and traps she had laid nearby for small game, and skinning what she caught. After she had passed the furs off to Finn for tanning she gathered her laundry and set out for the nearby river. Now, as she walks through fallen leaves and soft pine needles, she can feel a strange heat between her legs; normally her heats are more emotional. Leaving her mentally needy, but not physically. There is always a bit of dampness between her thighs, but this burning is new. She rubs her thighs together, and even takes a moment to stop and rub at herself, hoping to sate her apparent need for contact. It does nothing. She bites her lip and tries to ignore it; hoping to the gods that this isn't what she thinks it is. A mating heat. Others have told her of these cycles, the ones that come unexpectedly when your intended is near; any alpha that picks up on his mates scent would be powerless to stop themselves from giving chase; and any omega found and bred by their alpha would be left fucked and filled until the heat finally passed. Both individuals would find themselves wrapped in the warm glow of their mating bond, a bond that lasts for life. They would, after the initial mating, take part in several elaborate ceremonies to please the Gods and cement their bond. Then they would never part again. She reaches her destination on shaking legs and she kneels by the side of the river, her knees beginning to feel weak as the sensation in her core spreads. She tugs an article from her basket, dunking the roughspun fabric into the icy water Her vision seems clouded now, hazy. It prevents her from focusing on the soaking jerkin she holds in her quivering hands. She feels a bead of sweat roll down the side of her face and is suddenly acutely aware of freezing water on her burning skin, the rustling of autumn leaves in the trees, the sound and scent of someone approaching her from behind. She gasps at the sudden presence, dropping the jerkin into the water and rising to her feet to face this unknown person. She’s never felt such an imposing force upon her before, never felt so compelled to move in her life. Standing at the tree line, watching her with wild dark eyes, stands Kylo Ren. He seems disoriented, his hair and clothing ruffled. He is breathing quickly and heavily, his eyes roving over the river and stopping on her wet form. They narrow into accusing slits. “You…” He breathes the word so quietly she nearly misses it. The full aroma of him hits her then, hard. The air seems to rush from her lungs as the musk and spice assault her senses. He smells wonderful. The heat she had been trying so desperately to ignore flares violently as she takes in the panting male, alpha, before her. The wetness between her thighs dampens the thin pants she is wearing, and she is certain that he can smell it. There is something else to this scent though, and to the look of this hulking man before her. Something deep within her cries out for far more than just the knot he can offer her. She wants to go to him, to let him wrap her in his arms and keep her there forever. Is this what it feels like to be mated. He scents the air again, inhaling deeply as if to reassure himself that Rey is what he thinks she is. His mate, his omega. Every person has one other they are intended for, and he has been hunting since he scented her heat earlier that morning. It had driven him into a near frenzy; he had found his mate. “What's your name?” He growls, his voice low, dangerous. She watches him with wide, wanting eyes as he takes another step toward her. She can see his growing erection pressing against the fabric of his pants. He’s massive. She can already make out the swelling ring of flesh at his base. She feels her pussy clasp tightly at an imaginary knot, desperate to pull him in and keep him there. “Rey.” She says quietly, her laundry entirely forgotten. He hadn’t known her name until today. Of course he hadn’t. Why would he? She’s nothing but a scrawny little omega who plays at archery. “You're my omega.” He says it with such conviction she nearly collapses to her knees, she’s never felt such a powerful draw to anyone before, and his words only further cement her shock. She nods, unable to find the words to express the elation and trepidation that are coursing through her veins. This is one of the defining moments of her life, discovering her mate, her partner. They will be bound for life if they choose to consummate. And they will consumate if his aching erection and her damp panties are indicators enough. He is only a hair's breadth from her now. She isn't sure when or how he got so close, but she revels in the warmth of him, in his broad chest, the way he towers over her in a pillar of tensing, rippling muscle. His breath ghosts over her lips and she shudders as he leans forward, brushing them together. She leans into it, shocked by his gentleness when he is so clearly aroused and ready to take. This is her first kiss; and it's with her mate, her life partner. She parts her lips for him, granting his tongue entrance. He immediately crushes her to his muscular form as he kisses her with near violence, gnashing his teeth against her own in his urgency. He backs hre into a tree and she wraps her legs around his waist, letting him lift her up off of the ground. He kneads her ass with his large hands, moaning into her mouth all the while. He ruts against her wet core. She breaks away from his lips and grips tightly at his muscular shoulders as he nips and kisses his way across her jaw and down her throat. She bites her lip and whimpers as he pinches her skin between strong white teeth. This is it, the first mating is the moment that the bond cements, binding them together forever. And Kylo is about to take her in the forest, against a tree. She tugs at his silken hair, “Mmm...Kylo, not here.” He immediately sets her back on her feet. Fear penetrates the lust in his stare; “Did I hurt you?” “No! No,” she says, her face reddening, “I just...take me back to the camp, we should do this the right way.” The right way, by tradition, was in the male’s bed; a christening of sorts. Once an alpha has taken an omega to their bed, the home and all the belongings within become shared. He grins at her, “You’re right, come on.” He grabs her wrist and drags her behind him. She stumbles over roots and rocks as she tries to keep pace with the athletic male; he’s a born hunter, a strong male who will sire equally strong young on her, she hopes. When they arrive at camp several people try to speak to Kylo, but he shoves past them with little more than a growl. They quickly catch on, they can scent the bond on the two of them; and see the evidence of the couple’s desire pressing hard against the lacings of Kylo’s pants, spreading between her quivering thighs. Once they’re inside she takes a moment to absorb her new home; it's surprisingly warm, a fire burns in the pit dug into the center; painted animal pelts hang from the walls, and across from the entrance is a large pile of furs and woven blankets; Kylo’s bed. Once he takes her it will be her’s as well. Her wraps his arms around her waist from behind, pulling her rear flush against his erection. “Do you like it?” He whispers next to her ear, his lips brushing the shell. “You can change things if you’d like, bring some of your own stuff into our home.” Our home. She gulps, her nerves sending butterflies fluttering through her belly, “I'd like that.” He presses a kiss to the back of her neck, then turns her toward him. He kisses her gently, lovingly, and walks her slowly backwards towards the furs that serve as his bed. He lays her back onto it and positions himself over top of her; she can feel his erection pressing into her core. He’s huge. He begins to kiss her neck ravenously as his fingers begin to tug at the roughspun jerkin she wears. He nips marks into her skin, claiming her, making her his. She whimpers and gropes at his shoulders, then runs her fingers up and into his thick hair. He lifts his mouth from her neck and looks at her inquisitively; “Are you ready, mate?” She shudders at the low timbre of his voice, as if she weren’t wet enough already. “I--” she mutters and looks away from his dark eyes. She finds her lack of experience to be shameful, most Omegas lose their virginity on their first heat, she’s gone through more than she can count. Will he be displeased? “Virgin.” The awe in his voice floors her. He kisses her with near violence, grabbing both of her wrists in one large rough hand and pinning them above her head. In the same breath he tears her jerkin from her body, exposing her naked chest to him. He dives and takes one rosy peaked nipple into his mouth, sucking until she whimpers and writhes against him. “Mine.” He groans against her smooth, tan skin; working his way over each supple breast then downward towards her hips. He lets go of her wrists so he can palm her breasts and she runs her fingers through the dark tresses of his hair. “Gods, you’re all mine,” he runs his tongue along the curve of her navel. “My mate,” he presses a kiss to each of her hipbones, then looks up to her, locking his eyes with her own; “My beautiful little mate.” They both reach for her underwear at the same moment, forcing the plain cotton over her thighs and down her calves before tossing it away without any concern. She flushes as he eyes her glistening sex; “You have such a pretty pussy, Rey.” He presses a kiss over her clit, then tongues it, making her moan. “I can’t wait to bury my cock in this beautiful little snatch,” he groans as he begins to work a finger into her, all the while rubbing her clit in circles with another two digits, “It’s so tight Rey. And knowing that no other male has ever knotted you before…fuck, it’s so hot.” She grips the pelts with white knuckles, tearing the fur away as she twists her hands. Kylo has removed his fingers and replaced them with his tongue, all the while rubbing her clit in circles. “Oh shit!” She gasps as he works into her tight clasping pussy with a seeking tongue. She’s already so close, she's never reached an orgasm this quickly before. There is something about Kylo, about his tongue and his fingers, that is so much better than her own touch. She begs him not to stop, burying her fingers into his hair and pulling his tongue further into her sex. She’s so close, so close she can practically taste the imminent orgasm on her lips. Then he pulls away. She almost screams with frustration at the loss of contact with her swollen, aching flesh. “Kylo, please…”she gasps and reaches for him, but he pins her wrists again. He keeps her restrained with one hand, all the while removing his clothing with the other. He’s grinning at her so smugly she could smack him. “Why’d you stop?!” She pleads with him as he works at the lacing of his pants. “Because, my beautiful little mate,” he frees his cock, and it bounces against his muscular thigh, “The first time you cum for me, it will be with my cock buried into your sweet little cunt. I won't have it any other way.” She stares at his cock for a long moment, nearly missing his words. It's long, and thick, and throbbing. She doesn't know how such a massive, imposing thing will possibly fit inside of her. And then there's his knot. Already beginning to swell at his base, ready to lock him within her while he fills her up; and it hasn't even reached it’s full size yet. She looks to him, “Be gentle, please.” He nuzzles her throat, sensing her fear through his own arousal. “Of course,” he kisses her mouth gently, lovingly, “Of course.” He positions himself between her thighs, and she wraps her legs around his narrow waist. She grips his shoulders and whimpers slightly as he prods her entrance with the broad head of his cock. “If it hurts,” he whispers against her skin, “If you want me to stop, just say the word. I don't want this to hurt you, I don't want this to be unpleasant.” Rey is shocked by his sincerity and concern in that moment. She has never heard of an alpha being tender before. He will be a good mate, and a good father. She can feel his cock throbbing against her thigh, and suddenly she’s wetter than she's ever been before; ready to be fucked and filled through this heat. “I'm ready,” she wraps her lean arms around his broad shoulders and kisses him deeply, “make me yours.” Kylo slides into her in one smooth stroke, making the initial penetration quick so he might minimize any pain. His face scrunches in pleasure and his head falls into her shoulder. He's never been with someone so tight before. He has never been with someone so superbly wet and clasping. He hasn't even begun to thrust yet, and already her walls are massaging his throbbing dick for all he's worth. “Oh fuck…” She moans at the fullness of it, and kisses the damp skin of his shoulder. It doesn't hurt, not at all. “Move, please,” she gasps into his skin, “Fuck me. Oh Gods it's so big.” He begins to rut against her in short powerful thrusts. Loathe to pull more than half of his cock from within her at a time. “Shit!” He howls as she tightens around him even more, and he begins to fuck harder, pressing her further into his furs. She can feel his heavy sack pounding against her flesh, making lewdly delicious slapping sounds against her damp skin. She runs her nails down his back, leaving bright pink scratches in their wake. It's when he begins to rut deeply, the head of his cock repeatedly brushing over her cervix, the ridges and veins of him brushing over the spot within her than nearly sends her into spasms, that she feels the heavy knot begin to press against her entrance. It's thick and growing thicker, swelling as their arousal heightens. Where before she had been frightened by the mere prospect of its size, now she works her hips eagerly against him; desperate to take it into her body, for him to lock into place and cum deep inside of her. “Do it, do it, do it,” she pleads as he slams into her, the knot entering and exiting with every thrust, not quite large enough to catch; “Knot me! Please, please, please, knot me Kylo. Fuck! Just do it.” His eyes are shot wide and his teeth bared as he begins to thrust even harder than before, working himself into a sex crazed frenzy. He's desperate to do as the female beneath him bids, to knot her and fill her to capacity. She comes suddenly, when the head of his cock presses into her tight cunt just right. She clasps and cries out, and the tightness her orgasm creates along with the gush of fluid from her sex is enough to draw his knot in and hold it there. He howls like the beast he is as his cock swells and twitches, his knot throbbing as he beings to shoot rope after rope of white hot semen into her fertile body. His mate, beautiful, needy, and in heat, accept every drop of it. The idea of impregnating her only strengthens the intensity of his orgasm, and his knot swells further, expelling more cum deep into her body. “Ahhhh, fuck baby. Take it, take it, fucking take it!" He ruts still despite him being locked into place and she gasps and whimpers as his knot moves and presses against her walls. Once they have finally begun to come down from their shared ecstasy, Rey stirs under the heavy press of his body. Unsure if she should dislodge him from within her. “No,” he moans into he shoulder, just as his cock twitches again and another rope of semen drenches her insides, “Let it be. It’ll last for another few minutes.” She giggles and nips at his earlobe, “Is it going to keep… You know?” As if to answer her, her pussy contracts a bit and milks another shot from him. He groans loudly and gives a slight thrust. She can feel the cum dripping from between their joined sexes, not even Kylo’s large knot is able to prevent it from escaping. “Will I get pregnant?” She asks as she traces her fingers gently over his back. He nuzzles into her throat, “You could be, you are in heat. But if you don't want to be yet we could go gather some herbs tomorrow; make a tea.” She hums and closes her eyes. Enjoying the closeness she now shares with this man. Her mate. She can feel the knot beginning to wane, and part of her loathes the thought of being left so empty. “I think this is going to work quite well, Kylo.” She says and kisses his hair. “So do I.” He responds, and slides from her body. He rolls onto his back and tugs her with him. She snuggles into his chest. She decides in that moment than any child he may have sired on her this day will come to fruition. She wants a family, and starting one now, with Kylo Ren, doesn't seem like such a terrible thing. He will be a good father, a good mate. And he has a massive prick to boot. Notes: thanks for reading! I read and respond to every comment :) and if I get enough feedback I might add a second chapter to this story. My tumblr is also actualmongoose. Feel free to stop by and chat.