Ben “Solo” Solomon was wagging again. He’d jumped the turnstiles at Central Station and caught the express train to Tamarama Beach. He walked the three blocks to the shorefront and found a shady patch of grass. He sat down, pulled off the biker boots he’d nicked from his dad and balled up his flannelette shirt to use as a makeshift pillow. It was stinking hot. The air was momentarily free from squawking gulls and only tourists were on the beach. The sky was clear and the sun was a fierce orange. Solo lay down and closed his eyes. Then, someone called out to him. “Excuse me, do you have a lighter?” Solo put on his best ‘rack off’ scowl but stopped short when he got a good look at the guy standing above him. He had a black eye, bruised face, split lip and blood splattered on his tailored shirt. He was holding his right arm awkwardly. “The fuck happened to you?” “Tragic rollerblading accident.” He snorted, “What do you think? I got the shit beat out of me.” “Why?” The guy didn’t answer. He pulled two crumpled ciggies from his shirt pocket and held out his hand to Solo. Solo’s plastic lighter passed back and forth and they smoked in silence as the waves slapped the scorched sand. The guy sniffed and spat on the grass, fresh blood dripped from his lower lip. “Sit down will ya before I call an ambulance.” The guy plonked down across from him, blocking Solo’s view of the beach. “What’s ya name?” asked Solo. “Armitage.” “What?” “Don’t make me say it again. Just call me Hux.” “I’m Solo.” They shook hands and Solo pointed at Hux’s eye. “Who flogged ya?” “Some no hoper,” said Hux with a sigh, “I was flogging him before he fucked my arm up,” he added. Solo nodded, “You from North Shore?” “How’d you know?” “You talk posh and you hold your smoke like a chick.” Hux narrowed his eyes, “Bet you’ve put in a lotta time with chicks,” he drawled. Solo scowled and flicked ash onto Hux’s Levi’s. He lay down and watched Hux blow lazy smoke rings out over the beach. The wind ruffled through Hux’ short red hair and Solo could smell the dried blood and dirt smeared on his clothes. Hux cleared his throat, the sound grated Solo’s peace of mind. “Are you hungry?” Solo sat up. “Fuck yeah.” Hux smirked. He drew a pair of round glasses from his pocket, the lenses heavily cracked. “My shout, if you do the ordering.” Solo laughed and Hux jabbed at his gut with his good arm. Solo stood and brushed grass off his jeans. He held his hand out for Hux but was ignored. Hux stood and stumbled into Solo, grabbing his shoulder. “Shit. Sorry.” “S’all right.” Solo pushed him away and breathed out. They walked along the nature strip that separated the beach from the road and came to a block of cafes and tourist shops. Hux wandered off to clean himself up. Solo went into a fish and chip shop and ordered battered flake, chips and potato scallops. Hux came up to the counter and pulled out Solo’s wallet. “Fuck off, when did you nick that?” “When you weren’t looking,” he replied, holding back laughter. Solo snatched it back and slapped the back of Hux’s head. “I’d deck ya if you weren’t already half-dead.” But he smiled, impressed. Solo came from a long line of claim jumpers, tax dodgers and thieves. He had the fast hands and sharp eyes of a criminal. Hux didn’t. He looked like the son of an accountant. They ate outside, sitting on top of a wooden picnic table in the hot afternoon sun. The seagulls stalked around them and they offered the greedy birds the chips that had spent too long in the fryer. “Do you go to school?” asked Solo. “I did. St. Alysious.” “ Did? ” Hux watched the birds squabble before he asked for Solo’s potato scallop. He pushed it over to the other side of the butcher’s paper. “You’ll definitely need an ambulance after that.” Hux nodded and chewed slowly. Solo watched him side on, he didn’t look much older than him but there was a maturity to Hux underneath all the bruised skin. “Have you finished school?” asked Solo. “I was expelled.” “What for?” “Fighting,” said Hux, his tone dry. Solo snorted and wiped his greasy hands on his jeans. “What are you doing in Tamarama?” “You mean apart from getting bashed?” “Yeah.” “Thought I’d go up to the rocks and throw myself off.” Solo stared. “ Jesus .” “Just kidding.” Hux smiled but there was hardness in it. He gathered the rubbish and threw it in the bin. Solo took out his pouch of tobacco. “Can I have one?” Solo passed him the pouch but Hux shook his head. “I’m shit at that.” Solo scoffed and spread tobacco on a tally. He rolled it deftly and bought it to his lips. Hux’s eyes followed the movement. Solo held his gaze as he licked the paper. He lit up and gave it to Hux. Their fingertips brushed and Solo tensed. “Thanks,” mumbled Hux. The tips of his ears were red. Solo put his bag away. “Why’d you come here, Hux?” Hux shifted closer. Solo could see his reflection in Hux’s green eyes. “I think you know why.” Solo jumped down from the table. “C’mon then.” “What?” “C’mon!” He set off across the road, inland, and Hux followed. Solo stopped at a small park. The play equipment was worn and rusty, the plastic slide bleached by the sun. The tall grass was dotted with litter. A dirt path wound across the lawn to a brick toilet block covered in graffiti. They followed the path, walking fast. Inside, it was dark and cool. There was a strong smell of antiseptic and stale piss. Solo didn’t care, he never did. He could feel Hux behind him and heard him breathing heavily. He turned around and Hux stepped into his outstretched arms. Hux ran his hands through Solo’s long hair and kissed him hard. Solo tasted blood mixed with chicken salt and tobacco. He rested his head on Hux’s shoulder and pushed him against the tiled wall. “Ow,” said Hux curtly. “Shit. Your arm?” “Yep. It’s gone numb.” Solo stepped back. “Fucking hell. Are you right?” “Just kidding.” “You’re not funny, cunt,” spat Solo. He ground his crotch against Hux’s leg. “No more joking around. What d’ya want me to do?” Hux’s chest seized and he waited eagerly for his reply. “I want you to get on your knees and suck my dick.” Hux’s perfect pronunciation made the dirty talk downright filthy. Solo knelt and unzipped Hux’s fly. He took his time and enjoyed Hux’s quiet gasps and moans. He hoped that he was making up for whatever had happened to Hux earlier. Hux’s right hand curled in Solo’s hair and tugged each time he sucked the tip. “Like that?” muttered Solo along Hux’s inner thigh. “Fucking oath I do,” cried Hux, “Do it again.” Solo did then cupped Hux’s balls and sucked hard. “Oh my-” And that was all the notice Solo got before Hux came in his mouth. Solo stumbled back and calmly spat into a sink. Hux watched him from the wall, his chest heaving. “Whoa,” he murmured and lazily did up his fly. Solo returned and Hux started to slide to the floor. “No. No, stay up.” Solo boxed him in with his arms and kissed him deep, letting Hux taste himself on his tongue. Solo held Hux’s good hand, threaded their fingers together, and guided it down to his crotch. “All yours,” said Solo, millimetres away from Hux’s lips. Hux worked Solo with a bit less consideration and playfulness. Dusk had fallen and it was almost pitch black inside the block. Solo kissed and sucked along the hollow of Hux’s throat, overwhelmed by his unrelenting pace and the hot friction it created. “Is this enough?” asked Hux, “I could go down on you. Maybe even eat you out, I like doing that.” Solo grunted and rocked into Hux’s hand. “It’s enough, perv.” “Fine. Next time, then.” A single fluorescent tube buzzed to life above the bank of metal sinks and Solo bit down on Hux’s shoulder and came in his fist. Hux pumped him briskly through his orgasm. “Bloody hell,” panted Solo, “You’re amazing.” He wanted to say more, to feel more, but held back. “I try.” Solo lifted his head and was gifted with a genuine smile. Hux’s face was relaxed and flushed a bright pink. He still looked a mess but Solo was relieved to see that his gloomy mood had passed. Solo snagged a dunny roll and cleaned them both up while Hux fixed his hair in the rust-spotted mirror. He tried in vain to cover his shiner with his fringe. “I have no idea how I’m going to explain this to my parents.” “You’re gonna go home looking like that?” “Well, I ‘spose.” Solo wet his lips. “There’s a Vietnamese doctor in Marrickville,” Solo fought to keep his tone calm and casual, “He owes my dad a favour or two. He can fix you up and he won’t ask questions.” “Suss,” exclaimed Hux. “He’s a real doctor. With a diploma and everything,” said Solo with a laugh. He snuggled up behind Hux and his heart jack hammered when Hux eased back into his chest. “Will you take me?” asked Hux gingerly. Anywhere you want thought Solo. “‘Course and you can stay at my place tonight. If you want to. My parents won’t care,” said Solo quickly. He watched Hux closely. The mirror caught the flicker of apprehension in his eyes but then Hux peered up from underneath his lashes and melted Solo’s nerves. “All right.” Solo grinned. He was chuffed but tried to downplay it, “Grouse. If your parents kick up a stink tomorrow just tell them that I rolled ya and pinched your wallet.” Hux patted his pockets. “You didn’t.” Solo handed back Hux’s wallet and full-on giggled when Hux grabbed him by the collar and pulled him in for a pash. Hux squeezed Solo’s arse and nipped his top lip. Solo jolted back, he felt hot all over. “Ease up. Let’s get you checked out before-” “We root,” supplied Hux. Solo blinked and ducked his head, “Yep. Yeah, that.” He looped an arm around Hux and led him out into the cool night air. Notes: Rack Off was inspired by Every 'Rack Off' In Heartbreak High and all the tragic teenage drama I've watched over the years. Thanks so much for reading and comments would be greatly appreciated.