Starkiller Base Training Barracks – 1600 hours Jake Stormtrooper designation JK-0097. I was one of the many nameless, faceless foot soldiers of the First Order. They say that War is imminent and it is our duty to answer the call. We never question why. We were taught only one thing: to follow orders. Living as a Stormtrooper of the First Order isn’t as bad as it sounds. I mean, free accommodations, you get to have first try at those cool plasma blasters and energy lances from Research and Development, and how badass is it that you get to live on a weaponized planet capable of charging a fuckton of solar energy to blast entire star systems in space? Okay maybe that’s too evil, but those who do not ally themselves with the Order’s cause, the Supreme cause, are bound to die anyway. The only drawback is this – in the Starkiller Base, if you’re not Supreme Leader Snoke, or General Hux, or Kylo Ren, then you’re nobody. You blew up a guerilla supply encampment? All Hail the First Order! You successfully identified and tracked down a Rebel spy? Why, this must be the grace of the Sith! You went commando and strong armed an entire race into labor service? Oh, this is truly the Dark side of the Force working in our favor! You’re nobody. Like, seriously, man, individuality is something that they don’t encourage here. It just aint a thing around these parts. I mean, I’m Jake, (from my JK squad designation) but only one of the few thousand other Jakes. There’s also the Finns and the Macs and the Kays and a bunch of other names and a bunch of other dudes. And I didn’t like being in the background. I wanted to outshine the others. I wanted to rise above. I wanted to be worthy. Of the Order, of the cause, and of him . I don’t know what’s wrong with me. Or if being queer is something wrong even. The boys in the squad never talk to each other, let alone about stuff like this. I’m not sure how many of them have girlfriends or how they survive the cold nights on this icy planet but I’m pretty sure they won’t take too kindly to my notions about Kylo Ren. The great Kylo Ren. He can be a dick sometimes, and yeah, downright childish, what with his tantrums and indecisiveness – but something in the way he acts, something in the way he carried himself with rashness and power triggers me. It makes me want to protect him and care for him and wrap him in my arms. It makes me want him. And I dunno about there being any Stormtrooper who were queer too but I think I’m the first to actually be attracted to the big baby that is Kylo Ren. At first, I thought it was the commonplace reverence, a sick, twisted version of adoration. But then I started thinking about what’s beneath the mask and what’s under the billowing, black robes and how a Sith Lord is in bed (not that I have any experience to speak of, but you know, hormones and all that bio shit). Funny thing is, I have never actually considered myself as a queer. I mean I never was once attracted to other men, only him . And that’s not to say I’ve never actually seen the man. I only ever saw the cape and the mask and the casual strut around the base. Sometimes, I notice (or imagined, more likely) some of the more feminine qualities he has – the approval-yearning, the attention-wanting and the overall bitchiness, plus the way his hips swung as he walked. Still, sometimes he smells of Dead Orchids – a perfume brand which was all the rage for the women this side of the Outer Rim - and to my confusion, it still works for me. That’s it. I’m officially a Kylosexual. Captain Phasma raps her blaster gun against the common room doorway, wrenching me out of my reverie. “The General and Ren are docking.” The bodies move, mine included, in one accord and in two swift minutes, we march down the base’s corridor in two, neat files finally arriving into the hangar. General Hux walks in all his cheap haughtiness. Kylo moves sulkily with his hands firmly astute by his sides. Another bad campaign eh? , I thought. Mostly, you can tell with Kylo when he’s mad or happy or excited about something. Seeing as he never really removes the mask, the residents of the base have taken to reading his body language. I consider myself an expert of such language. Want me to relieve some of that tension, perhaps?, I thought to myself. And then he stopped. The dark slits of his helmet somehow turned into my direction and ever so lightly, he cocked his head an inch to the side. General Hux stopped in his tracks and with all authority he can muster, began, “Ren! We haven’t got all day for your non- ” His message was cut short however, as he rose in the air, hands clutching at his throat, wrestling against the invisible assailant that was choking him – the Force. “I will not be addressed in this manner,” Kylo says in that digitally-altered voice. He lowers his hand, and as he does so, General Hux falls like a puppet whose strings got severed. He lies sputtering on the ground as Captain Phasma swiftly rushes to his aide. “You are all dismissed,” declares Kylo as he resumed his rigid, brisk walk out of the hangar. And in that brief display of power and dominance, I felt the crotch guard of my uniform tighten as my whole body tensed in excitement. Oh god, I am a queer, and I am in trouble . Starkiller Base Kylo Ren’s Quarters – 2100 hours Kylo Ren That was a weird experience. No, it wasn’t the failed campaign yet again to acquire Luke Skywalker’s location. I knew the mission was a bust the moment I stepped foot on that barren desert. No, the weird thing was that telepathic link down by the hangar. It is an impossibility. Even with individuals with unnaturally high midi-chlorian levels in their blood, telepathic communication by the Force is unheard of. To peruse a mind, and to block it against said invasion is one thing. To transmit an entire message is another. Want me to relieve some of that tension, perhaps? The mild, casual, almost-joking tone of the voice sends shivers down my spine. It’s like he’s right here, over my shoulder, whispering those words to me. And I hate to admit that when I heard it, it wasn’t in distaste. I liked it. It was something fresh, something different out of all the pretentious ass-kissing and horrified glances and almost religious reverence; that casual-mannered speaking, those playful words directed at me – a girl could use some of that from time to time. Yes, I am Kylo Ren, badass supreme, champion of the Dark Side. But beneath the mask, there’s a badass lady still, and the last time I checked, no matter how badass, a lady’s allowed to have desires. I know what I want and it is something the Dark Side has yet to offer – a warm body to hold me through the cold of night. I’ve never really put that much thought into it. I was born Benjamine Solo, daughter of the infamous Leia Organa and fabled Han Solo. I was trained by Luke Skywalker, but the Dark of the Force has always been with me. I’ve always felt it, deep down, like vortex that’s pulling me in. It called to me and I answered it. The problem was I think, when it called to me, the Dark Side of the Force saw me as a dude. Not one of these dumbasses even once asked “Excuse me? Are you a girl?” and I just kind of went along. And then I went up into the echelons of power within the Order and the somehow it got harder and harder to make the idiots realize that their Kylo Ren is, in fact, a girl. Imagine hearing them grovel about the hottest interns in the base or which bar from which galaxy cluster has the best brothels and all the things they wanted to do to a girl when they next see one – I am a girl! And I’m right there. And I have needs too. I once had this small crush on one of the base’s pilots. I especially liked the way his uniform could barely contain his muscles and the way he held his gun so rough … but when I approached, he collapsed into a bowing, trembling heap of useless muscle and all carnal desires went out of me right then. Which brings me back to him, JK-0097. I was too shocked about the telepathic link and the danger that he posed if he could’ve reached into my thoughts – so, like a girl encountering her crush for the first time, I just sort of walked out. Once I’m in the comfort of my quarters, I pull his file out of the database by my bedside. Stormtrooper JK-0097. Race: Human. Origin: Jakku. … his performance in the field is quite average, missions accomplished, average … in fact, everything about him is average. Except, okay, maybe he’s got the looks. And the body too. But that comes with standard Stormtrooper training regiment, right? I look at that arrogant smile in his file photo and focus on those thin, sexy lips ... Man, this guy has it. I close my eyes and settle myself down the bed. You’re just tired, Ben, just tired. The campaign for Luke Skywalker’s whereabouts has been unfruitful so far and Supreme Leader Snoke has been consistently breathing down my neck about it. Not to mention pain-in-the-ass Hux being a pain-in-the-ass. That’s all there is to it. I continue to deny it but the Stormtrooper has managed to burrow a secure place in my mind since the few hours I first saw him. Could he have had looked into my mind? If so, what did he see? I rid myself off the thoughts. I fall asleep to the imagery of JK-0097 running his lips from my lower back to my shoulder blades, and then he nibbles at my jaw and then my ears. I feel a ticklish, fuzzy, buzzing feeling between my legs. The night felt just a little warmer. Starkiller Base Shower Area – 0700 hours Jake You see, this is what confuses me. I shower together with at least a hundred limp dicks around me and I don’t feel excited. Not one bit. And then I think of Kylo Ren and suddenly, I’m sporting a raging lightsaber between my legs – I mean, what’s up with that? What the hell is up with you, Kylo Ren? Why does the mere thought of you arouse me like this? I move on with my business and rinse off the soap in my body. Stormtrooper showers isn’t exactly as interesting as it sounds. The base is on an ice planet, therefore the resources are scarce, particularly warm bath water. So everything takes place in a very quick two minute wash, scrub and done process. So the place usually witnesses a lot of movements and clutter and wet, slathering noises. Today was different. The place was more quite than normal, save for the occasional, wet slapping noise. It took me minutes to figure out what was wrong. First off, the alarm signal that indicates our two-minute shower is up did not go off. Second, the busy showering noise dialed down to just the sound of water streaming from the shower heads and hitting the tiles. And then there’s that wet slapping noise as if something was rhythmically hitting the slightly flooded tile flooring. And then it hit me – those were the bodies of my fellow troops as their prone bodies hit the floorings unconsciously, one by one. We are under attack! I move for the towels and hastily drape one around my waist. In a swift second I retrieve my plasma gun from my locker and securely positioned myself behind a shower cubicle. The only noise comes from the shower heads as I wait on tenterhooks for what’s about to happen. It seems, I am the only conscious one left. He’s here. I feel it. The assailant is near me. How he managed to infiltrate the Starkiller base is beyond me but I tune the questions out – shoot now, ask later! I move from my cover and skidded my way into the scene. A faint mist has formed from the hot water meeting the coldness of the room. Visibility is low but I know he’s here, whoever it is. I can feel it. I kneel down to check for the pulse of the nearest fallen comrade. At the very least, they’re still alive. But that is not guaranteed unless I make it out of here with everyone with me. And for one glorious second, I saw myself, identified by Kylo Ren and praised for my heroic actions – he acknowledges me, he wants me – Kylo Ren will acknowledge me! And then I sense movement. I pull the trigger as if by instinct. I expected it to hit nothing, I expected it to miss but hopefully warn my opponent against any further hostile actions. I did not expect to see it suspended in midair. The red bolt of compressed charges, pulsating with deadly energy, is suspended in midair as if some invisible entity is holding it in place. And then from the mist the figure reveals itself. With an arm stretched forwards, holding the energy beam in place, defiantly, Kylo Ren appears. The tension in the air is palpable. I knew not why he’s here or how. But I knew that standard protocol says to salute your superior and move out of his way. Certainly not point your weapon against him, as I am doing now. But somehow, I couldn’t follow protocol. There was something different. Kylo continued his stride and once he’s beside the energy beam he’s holding in place, he lets go of it. The beam hits the opposing wall in a split second and the whole area’s lighting dims; the lighting panels are fried. In a wave of his hand, the blaster leaps out of my arms. With another wave, I feel myself get knocked out of my feet by an invisible whip and water pipes and shower heads come lose from their fittings. Debris lands on the wet flooring near his boots and that’s when I notice it. Kylo Ren is soaking wet from helmet to boot; and I couldn’t help but look at the way his robes clung to his body. The way the leather like material outlined the small frame of his body, around the slim legs, the narrow waist and the ample chest- Under the dimmed, flickering lights, I realize something which I, no, everyone, has failed to notice before. That our dearly exalted, badass supreme, bitchy, big baby, Starkiller base’s very own resident celebrity – Kylo Ren is a girl. Kylo Ren The archive pictures didn’t do him justice. JK-0097 is a hot piece of art and I don’t know what to do with him. Minutes ago, I was making my routine rounds around the base when I heard him again: What the hell is up with you, Kylo Ren? Why does the mere thought of you arouse me like this? And I kind of snapped. It was one thing to wake up completely bewildered why you’re so aroused by a stranger’s mere voice and picture early in the morning, it was another thing to be confronted by said stranger with a question like that. Provided, I think the guy doesn’t know he’s transmitting his thoughts like that. But my own questions were drowned out by his. His thoughts keep streaming into my mind like water into a boat riddled with holes. “What do I do? Why is he here?” “Wait, are those … boobs?” “No, that’s Kylo Ren right there, Jake, keep yourself together.” Ooh, so you call yourself Jake huh? I decide to tease the guy. I make slow rounds around him as I size him up. Firm, taut buttocks, slim but toned torso and veiny arms. Dark, curly hair. And those eyes, no those aren’t the same as the countless pairs of eyes that wouldn’t dare meet mine. They’re searching me. He wants me to look at him. He’s sizing me up as much as I am doing him. Damn, this dude has it. “But-? You’re a man, how-?,” he thinks. I just shake my head at him. There was a brief second of confusion and then understanding as it dawned on him – I can read his mind through the Force. Jake’s mind is filled with a buzzing noise, but one thought is prevailing above the rest. It became clearer and clearer until there was no other thing but that thought in his head. It was an image of me, right in front of him, right now. And he’s looking at me in a way that would’ve made me uncomfortable had it been anybody else. But I liked the way his eyes drank me in. I liked how his muscles tensed in an effort to control himself. I liked how his mind worked out the stuff he wanted to do with me, to do to me … with no fear, no fake reverence. Just pure wanting and desire. And I wanted him back. Badly. “What’s under the mask?” This time, Jake says it. Not as a mere thought. But he actually speaks. Directing the question at me. Normally, I would’ve broken him right then, for addressing me, ordering me, in such a callous manner; but I find that I wanted him to order me. I love the poisoned honey which is his voice. Suddenly, to take off my mask was all I wanted in the world. Slowly, as if in tease, I unclasp the latches on my helmet, staring at him as he stares back into me. When the last latch comes undone, I slowly detach the helmet and free myself from it. I let it fall to the ground as I turn to face the first guy ever to see what’s underneath the mask. Jake Strikingly beautiful were the first words in mind. Her hair is a cascade of auburn hair and it cling to her forehead in wet clumps as the broken pipes rained down on us. Her skin is a few shades paler than mine and I could count her freckles from where I’m standing. Her robes clung to her still, gently forming around her curves at first and then traitorously revealing details in her body like her nipple outlines and the contour of her belly button as the seconds passed. I couldn’t look away. She didn’t seem to mind. She stands a few paces from me with her arms slightly aloft, in a sort off perverted stand-off. I felt my crotch bulging at the sight of her, the wet, almost naked her. I wanted her. And I knew that she knows it. May I? , I think, knowing that she can use the Force to read my thoughts even before I utter them aloud. She beckons me closer. As I move towards her, I try to conceal my erection behind the fabric of the heavy, wet towel. I swear I can almost hear her stifle a smirk. Wordlessly, she closes the gap between us and with the Force, she pulls me down so our noses are barely half an inch apart. I felt an invisible hand tighten around my throat as she glares right into my eyes. “No one can know.” And without the voice scrambler provided by her helmet I hear Kylo’s voice for the first time. If the digitally altered voice was all commanding and intimidating, now Kylo’s trembling voice from the cold just made her seem vulnerable and fragile. Driven by pure desire, I kiss her, a little more forcefully than I might’ve intended to, but she eased into it. I press my raging boner against her wet robes as we coiled around each other. My tongue explored the warm wetness of her mouth as my hands roamed freely, to her arms, to her chest and then her backside. Whether it was me or it was her moaning, I knew not, but I allowed myself to sink further into the steamy moment. We find ourselves against a cubicle and I swear I could feel her use the Force to keep me pressed up against her. She turns around and begins rhythmically rubbing her butt against my boner and the towel came loose. Inspired by my own nakedness, I rip into her clothes with my teeth and strip off the rest of her clothing. There, pinned against me and the shower wall, is the naked, quivering body of Kylo Ren. I love that in the privacy of the stall, Kylo doesn’t even attempt to hide herself from me – she wants me to look at her, and only her. I cannot want anything more than that. My eyes greedily took in her entirety as she reaches over to stroke the base of my neck, deeply kissing me. I feel strange sliding motions in my arms and in my legs as Kylo feels me up with aid from the Force, and then I feel a small, finger like protrusion probing my backside and my fingers found their way into her backside, groping it hard to get her attention. I pull up from the kiss and whisper, “Nope, we’re not there yet, I’m afraid.” She grins mischievously as she kneels down before me and in one fluid motion, she took my dick into her tiny hands – lightly sucking on the tip first and then swallowing it whole as her tongue wrapped around me. “You’re good,” is all I could say as it took all of my effort not to burst in her mouth. But a savage side of me thought that she might like that. As if she read my mind, she looks up and meets my eye and continues to bob her head with renewed vigor. Through my hazy vision, I look back down at her and strangely enough … she seems happy. My dick in her mouth makes her happy. The thought of it undoes me. I couldn’t contain it. I have to release it. I need relief and I need it hard as I recognize my own breathing getting more and more ragged by the second. Her moans match mine as she upped her game. She took one of her hands and placed it around my shaft, stroking it as my dick went in and out of her mouth. The pleasure was making my head fuzzy I had to blow – But I find that I can’t. She’s using the Force somehow, and by the same manner she stopped the energy beam earlier, she’s stopping me from cumming right now. I groan in frustration and pleasure and protest and about sixty four other emotions all occurring simultaneously. It feels so good, so impossibly good and the suspension just before the moment of release just amplifies everything. My senses are being overwhelmed. My legs are shaking from the strain and I had to lean my head on her shoulder to keep myself steady. “Shhhhh, not yet there yet, I’m afraid,” she whispered. I slid my forehead down into her chest and bite her nipples in retaliation. Kylo Ren The pleasure was intoxicating. Jake somehow knew what I wanted, how I wanted it. When his fingers located my pleasure button, it was over. I lay convulsing in the ground as he wrapped himself around me, enveloping me in his warmth and in his scent. His presence fills me like the way the Force runs through my veins. Constant and strong, warm and dangerous. His fingers found my opening, and as if waiting for my permission, remained prone to that area as he played with my breasts, mildly massaging them and then rougher and more intense and then again mild. I smile to myself at how impossibly aggressive and at the same time, sensitive this guy could be. I guide his arm into my area and couldn’t stifle my moaning as he began to work. He slid a finger in, and then two, all while he’s alternately biting on my nipples and plunging his tongue down my throat. But if the guy can multi-task, the lady can, too. In my hazy state of mind, drunk with ecstatic pleasure, I try to focus and connect with the Force. I use it to gently touch his dick at first and then going for more vigorous strokes. In response, his tongue then found its way into my opening and lashed around. It was a few gentle licks at first and then came the torrential rain of pleasure. I couldn’t take it. It feels wrong but I find myself relishing the moment, the inappropriateness, the dirtiness of it and in surrender, I hear myself moaning for more, more, more! I don’t know what Jake is doing down there but I want it, I need it more– Jake I honestly do not know what I’m doing, but it feels like this is how I should do it. Is it too much to say that the Force is telling me what to do? I don’t know. What I do is to allow myself, to lose myself in the heat of the moment, in the warmth of Kylo’s flesh. I resurface from between her legs and pull her close to me. “Do you want me to - ?” “Yes,” she says breathlessly as she dived in for another kiss. Her hand gropes for me and guides me into her dripping hole. Before we could move another inch into each other, we both freeze as we hear a sound. Someone was moaning and struggling to wake up, from the sounds of it. My fellow Stormtroopers are regaining consciousness! I look worriedly at Kylo. What do we do? She looks pissed off. Gritting her teeth, she mutters, “maggots” as she released a fresh burst of energy that once again knocks out everyone outside our cubicle. The show of power might have sent anyone running. But it worked for me in that odd way Kylo Ren drives the most primal instincts in me. I need to take her, and take her hard. It sent a fresh stream of blood into my raging boner as I plunged it into her wet hole. She moaned deeply as she bit down on my shoulder, drawing blood in the process. The feeling was worlds different from how her mouth or her hands felt around my dick – it was worlds different from anything I have ever felt. I was close to exploding again but Kylo’s still holding my cum in place. I was just about to begin thrusting when I felt her Force choke again. “What’re you doing? You have to wait for a moment before moving, it’s painful for me!,” she hisses frantically into my ear. I would’ve listened to her. I should’ve. But the fuzzy feeling in my brains, the tension in my legs and the pleasure coursing throughout me, it needs a release, and I need to release it fast and hard or I shudder to think what would happen to me. And so the only thing I was able to say is, “Harder.” “Harder?,” she repeats. And for a fraction of a second, she stares at me and then smiles. “You want it harder?” I feel the pressure around my throat tighten as I begin thrusting. The ecstasy was inexplicable. Her body against mine, building momentum as I thrusted into and out of her as she choked the life out of me bit by bit. My hips were moving of their own volition, like an engine pumping away for dear life. I am fucking Kylo Ren! Kylo’s ragged breathing matched my own as the clutch on my throat tightened still, I was getting light-headed – Kylo Ren Jake turned me over in the middle of his plowing motions. I lost my hold of his throat but the new position plunged me into new depths of pleasure. He’s reaching a deeper part of me and I can feel every inch of him as he entered me. I match his rhythm and soon, the cubicle was filled with the wet, slapping noises of his skin against mine and the traitorous moans that escape our lips every now and then. I feel him close to blowing again and seriously debate whether I should keep him from cumming again or allow him to do it inside of me. On one hand, we can have more positions to try and I wanted it, the possessive and animal side of me yearned to keep getting fucked by him - but on the other hand, I’ve been gone a long time. And a whole squadron’s absence will surely not go unnoticed. I feel Jake’s thrusting motions escalate and I felt his lips against my ear as he bent down, whispering, “Please, please, Kylo, I need to, I want to - ” Truthfully, with what he did to me, this guy deserves his release. But because as of the moment, I own Jake, I hang on just a little longer and whisper back, “Just a little more, Jake, a little more, I’m almost there,” I say through small gasps of misted air. I groan louder as he builds up his speed getting rougher and rougher and deeper and harder as he entered me. Waves and waves of pleasure runs like current throughout my body as I feel myself cum for a second time. I feel my eyes roll to the back of my head and I’m pretty sure I gurgled out a dirty, obscenely load moan of pleasure. I lose strength and control of my faculties. With the Force, I pull him towards me as I collapsed into a twitching heap, finally relinquishing my hold over him. Like a broken dam, his release spilled inside of me and I savored the moment in euphoria as his thick, warm cum steadily filled me and overflowed into the tile flooring. “So,” he says, panting heavily. “So, I like pussy after all – I aint gay.” I roll my eyes and because I can, slap him with the Force. Starkiller Base Hangar – 1300 hours Jake Kylo Ren walks in all his, no, her dignified silence. She doesn’t even spare me a glance as she entered a scout ship wordlessly. General Hux, as always trails after her with those last minute orders he always loved to throw around. I look at the rest of my squad and feel strangely elated that I knew something about their beloved leader that they don’t. That I can make her moan as loud as I can. That I can touch her and feel her melt beneath my fingertips. But at the same time, it felt disheartening. No one can know of course. She was clear on that. The cause could fall apart with that secret of hers out. I wanted to make others know that she’s mine. I wanted to be acknowledged. But after all, I thought to myself, I only need her to acknowledge me. I only need her approval. And her warmth and the feel of her beside me. As I relish in the thought, the hangar’s bay doors opened as Kylo’s scout ship ascended into the sky, off into some high-profile mission regarding a Rebel pilot. But for a few, fleeting seconds, I felt the Force on my crotch, Kylo Ren caressing me to her fill before she went. I felt myself get enveloped in some form of Force hug; then the ship hovered for a few seconds out of the hangar and was gone into the stars.