порядок не случайный the order is not random — — — Bring Me The Horizon - Can You Feel My Heart слушать на яндекс.музыка | youtube Can you hear the silence? Can you see the dark? Can you fix the broken? Can you feel my heart? I’m scared to get close and I hate being alone. I long for that feeling to not feel at all. The higher I get, the lower I’ll sink. I can’t drown my demons, they know how to swim. — — — Ruelle - Deep End слушать на яндекс.музыка | youtube It’s getting close I lose control It’s taking over I’m slipping into the deep end I can’t help, I give in Like light in my veins, Darkness is sinking me Commanding my soul I am under the surface Where the blackness burns beneath — — — Sleeping At Last - Neptune слушать на яндекс.музыка | youtube Stage by stage, I tear apart If brokenness is a form of art I must be a poster child prodigy Thread by thread I come apart If brokenness is a work of art Surely this must be my masterpiece These wild oceans shake whats left of me And loose just to hear me cry mercy The strong wind at my back So I’ll lift up The only sail that I have This tired white thread — — — PVRIS - White Noise слушать на яндекс.музыка | youtube It’s hard to be what you need through a static screen. Been trying to speak for weeks and weeks. Open my mouth, All that comes out is white noise and incomprehensible sounds, And all you ever do is turn me down. I’m watching. I’m waiting. I’m aching. Suffocating. I’m breathing. I’m speaking. Can you hear me? I’m screaming for you — — — Indiana - Shadow Flash слушать на яндекс.музыка | youtube We have mercy on the fallen, We all face uncertain dawn We all tried and still found wanting 'Till there’s nothing left at all We share these battle scars Weighed down by heavy hearts We fight and pull apart and Then we’re right back at the start If we were strong we could move on and end this nightmare We could wish it all away But I was wrong, for so long I want this nightmare I won’t wish it all away, I know there’s no escape I wish it all away And I’m constructing fantasies Of you and me — — — Ingrid Michaelson - Handsome Hands слушать на яндекс.музыка | youtube We are only tiny babies living right here Gone the way of someone else’s bygone year Can you feel me crying out to you are somewhere? Can I see you? When the lights do go out where do we all go? When the fallout comes we know the show must go Please just give to me your pair of handsome hands Then I really won’t care where my body lands — — — Bring Me The Horizon - Deathbeds слушать на яндекс.музыка | youtube Eyes like a car crash I know I shouldn’t look but I can’t turn away. Body like a whiplash, Salt my wounds but I can’t heal the way I feel about you. I watch you like a hawk I watch you like I’m gonna tear you limb from limb Will the hunger ever stop? Can we simply starve this sin? Don’t try to fight the storm You’ll tumble overboard Tides will bring me back to you — — — Son Lux, Faux Fix - No Fate Awaits Me слушать на яндекс.музыка | youtube So what fate awaits me If every road Comes back to me Comes back to you So no fate awaits me Without you So no other fate awaits you Without me — — — The xx - Together слушать на яндекс.музыка | youtube You said you don’t have to speak I can hear you I can’t feel all the things you’ve ever felt before I said it’s been a long time Since someone looked at me that way It’s like you knew me And all the things I couldn’t say Together, to be Together and be — — — PVRIS - You And I [Stripped] слушать на яндекс.музыка | youtube But for now we stay so far Till our lonely limbs collide I can’t keep you in these arms So I keep you in my mind (Reachin' out) Can we meet in the middle? Bodies and souls collide Dance in the moonlight When all the stars align For you and I You and I — — — Notes: link to tumblr