Wayward Wife There were times it baffled you, how composed General Hux could be throughout the entire workday. It was namely in his speeches that hints of the underlying passion he held at bay were glimpsed. Your co-workers commented on how orderly he was, how pristine. Yet, when they were punished, how merciless he could be. They never outright complained in your presence; you were, after all, Mrs. Armitage Hux. You were the only individual who, ultimately, bore witness to the full extent of the redhead’s passion—unrelenting as it was. Intoxicating, exhausting, all-consuming passion; several steps beyond simple lovemaking. And, like the man’s speeches, always ending on such a climactic note. The difference between his speeches and lovemaking, however, lay in that his rehearsals of the former were a private affair that you only sometimes glimpsed. When it came to that latter, you were the sole audience of a repetition of performances—and he never could seem to get enough. Your incorrigible husband would always urge you with sweet, dirty whispers and a plethora of kisses down your spine when you would dare tell him that you were not in the mood. He knew just where to touch you, how to manipulate your body so that, to get any sleep, you needed him inside of you. And so, at long last, you had devised a plan to secure a place in which you could get some much needed rest. Temporarily running away from the First Order was a chore in and of itself, one that caused you to cringe. You were loyal to the cause, and though you had less duties since your marriage, you felt as though you were betraying the very foundation of your beliefs by not doing anything to further that cause. That morning you had stolen away on a small transport shuttle. Those aboard had believed you to be there under official capacity, being that they did not dare question the general’s wife. You, naturally, had done nothing to correct this misconception. The planet on which you had landed was not overly crowded, though it did have a higher traffic rate than others. Thus you were able to easily slip in the crowd and lose the others so that you could find a place in which to rest. You paid, in case, for the room. It would not due to put the credits onto anything linked to the First Order; your husband would discover you in an instant that way. The place was rather quaint in that it possessed a refresher, small refrigerator and microwave for leftovers, a holoplayer, and a bed. Full-sized, you noted, having expected a twin. You entered the refresher, did your business, and then ignored everything else in favor of climbing onto that bed. Kicking off your boots and socks, you proceeded to strip down to your undershirt and panties then slipped underneath the covers. A vacation away from your husband should have come sooner, your mind supplied as it flirted with sleep. You stirred at the sound of something clinking against glass. A light slosh. Perhaps liquid and ice in a cup, you noted. Then blinked open your eyes and sat up, reaching for the gun that would be under your pillow—you had not put it there. Your hand grazed over only a cool sheet as you beheld a silhouette, which sat across from you in the room’s chair. The arm of that shadowed individual shifted, and the clinking repeated itself. Indeed, brandy on the rocks. Your husband’s drink, which had your heart racing faster than if this had been a stranger. “How must you view me, to find it necessary to runaway,” he drawled. “I…” You swallowed thickly. It was not as though he had ever outright mistreated you; he never struck you for violence’s sake, though on occasion he did use corporal punishment as form of foreplay—never enough to hurt you. “I was simply tired.” “Mm, I see. And the bed we share is inadequate.” You lowered your gaze to the bed, staring at the pattern of the blanket. You could hear him moving, the man standing up from the chair and setting down his glass upon the countertop that was home to the microwave. “You abused your position as my wife to board that ship.” There was an edge to his voice, one that spoke of anger as well as disappointment. You offered up no response, well aware that it would be foolish to attempt to do so. “Do you know the proper punishment for such an offense?” Your mind drifted to a picture of an airlock, though you knew this was not the appropriate answer. At least, not for a first offense. Your panicked brain, ultimately, failed to offer the proper response; and so you slowly shook your head. “You will be pleased to know, my dear, wayward wife, that once more your position will be abused—in that you won’t be forced to endure this punishment you cannot recall.” As he spoke each word, he took a slow step in your direction. One leg crossing in front of the other, his foot hovering for half a moment before finding the ground once more. Each step taken in this manner, so as to exaggerating and prolong the task of walking to you. The suspense caused your heart to stutter then once more race in your chest. Arriving at the edge of the bed, General Hux cocked his head to the side and stared down at you from an angle. “Is my wife scared of me?” he asked with a purr. There was a hint of playfulness. You running had posed a challenge for him, a chase—for him, it was a game. As much a part of foreplay as spanking you could be. “Don’t you ever tire?” you asked breathlessly, almost whining. “Never of you.” It was sweet, and he spoke it with such conviction that a part of you hated yourself, knowing as you did that you were going to give into him. This honeymoon phase would end, you told yourself. “You don’t exactly sleep in our bed—you hardly sleep at all,” you said for want of anything to do as the man before you, your husband, unclasped his belt and slid the leather out of the loops of his pants. “It’s hypocritical…for you to be so upset that I’m not there.” “I am not upset at all, officer ,” he growled playfully. It made your cunt clench, made you grow wet as you watched him doubling over the belt. He reached forward, caressing the side of your face with the leather, ghosting it along your flesh, up and down. With his other hand, he ripped the sheets off of you. His eyes roamed lecherously along the bare flesh of your legs, your thighs. You felt your toes curling already. “How severe your punishment is will depend on how you act, my dear wife.” “Y…yes… General,” you said, and you shifted so that you were on your knees. General Hux traced down the length of your neck onto your shoulder, and down your back until he was binding your wrists together. He gripped your shoulder then, and forced you up onto your feet, turning you and bending you over. Your chest hit the mattress first. Your ass was in the air, and General Hux stroked your rear. His thumb trailed down the edge of your panties, hooking instead so that the leather of his glove met your cheek. Your lips parted at that. This. This was exactly why you had fled, albeit only temporarily—he knew what to do to you, how to turn you into a hot mess. The man pressed his hip into you on the other side, his erection straining against his pants and pushing against your thigh. His hands rose then, his digits at last slipping into your panties so that he was able to draw them over the globe of your ass. Once past, he released his meager grip and let them pool down to your feet. “It took some work to find you,” he said plainly, cupping your ass in one hand, pinching your right cheek so hard that you squeaked. It would bruise, you knew as he repeated the action. This time he tugged while your flesh was in his grasp. Your hips bucked up further off the bed—and it was then that, with quick movement, he released his hold in favor of reeling back his hand and spanking you hard. Your hips lurched forward, along with the rest of your body. You moaned, your arousal flaring. So in control, you thought; he knew the exact angle to prevent too much pain. It was a pleasurable mix Your fingers curled then uncurled. “F-forgiveness, sir?” A grunt on his part. General Hux shifted his stance and lowered himself so that he was sitting on the very edge of the bed. His hands maneuvered you over, placing you sideways on his lap so that your legs were dangling in the air. He pet at your hand for a moment with one hand, the other lifting up your shirt. His lips quirked upwards when he found that you had previously removed your bra. Your husband leaned down, taking one of your nipples into his mouth. He moaned, his tongue prodding at the nub. You shuddered as that wet organ gathered saliva onto your areola. General Hux opened his mouth all the more, taking in more of your breast. His hand moved away from your hair, his arm curling around your waist and tugging you ever closer to him. You clenched and unclenched your hands, wishing you could hold the back of his head and run your fingers through his hair. Instead, given that you could not undo his belt from your wrists, you simply tilted back your head and began to rub your thighs together. “But you don’t want this,” he teased, chuckling at your expense and pulling his mouth away from you. He sat up straight, his head tilted enough so that he could peer at your face when you bowed your head. You chewed on your bottom lip, fluttering your eyelashes and fighting off the urge to cry. “You ran away from this.” “Pl-please,” you whispered, swallowing hard again. “Hmm?” “I… I know my place,” you said, rocking back and forth on his clothed leg, feeling your swelling cunt dragging along the material of his pants. Your juices were no doubt soaking through them. You knew he could feel how wet you were, the way you were drenching his lap. “Please.” “Where it your place?” he questioned, a lazy smirk finding its way to his face. Your lips parted and you stared at your husband’s face. ‘Wherever you order me’ would have been your call had you not been in a relationship with him. ‘Beneath you’ when the two of you had been casually fucking. ‘At your side’ would have been your declaration had you only been his fiancé. And now? You blinked, your eyelashes fluttering. “Right here with you is fine, sir,” you said at last. This earned you a brief kiss, his mouth sealing over yours before he drew away. It was tender in a way, loving. Your mind did not remain on the kiss for very long, however, as your husband began to bounce his foot, his leg moving up and down, jostling you. Each time his foot dropped flat, your cunt landed on his thigh, sudden pressure that had you panting. General Hux leaned forward once more as well, claiming your breast with both tongue and teeth. “Nnn…fu…fuck.” Each breath you took was with a stuttering exhale as you were made to ride his leg. You strained against your restraints, feeling the flesh of your wrists beginning to chafe. General Hux reached behind you, loosening his belt to make the experience more comfortable for you without releasing you entirely. You shimmied closer to him, feeling his cock pressing into your ass cheek as the movement of his leg continued to stimulate you. “What to do with you,” he drawled out, slipping out from underneath you and laying you out on the bed. You rocked your legs, bent at the knee, from side to side, keeping your thighs pressed together as sweat began to drip down your neck. “Hmm? What shall I do with you, my little wayward wife?” You groaned at the term he was using, at the way he was teasing you. Here you had snuck away on that transport shuttle to avoid this and sleep—and you were about to beg for him instead. “Please.” Shamelessly. Spreading open your legs in offering. General Hux chuckled, grasped your ankles, and dragged you onto the floor. You knelt in front of him, eyeing his front as his hands worked open his pants. He took his erection in one hand, stroking it twice. You opened your mouth, taking him in when he pressed forward. Only the tip entered, and you swirled your tongue along his slit, lathering it with saliva. He pulled back enough for you to trail kisses along his entire length, your tongue dipping out from between your lips numerous times to get him slick. Knowing what he liked, you moved your lips over your teeth to keep them from catching on his flesh. General Hux set his hands on either side of your head, his fingers winding in your hair, running through a few times before he held onto you. You kept your mouth open for him, his cock entering it. Undulating your tongue, you teased the flesh on the underside of his cock, though you allowed him to do the brunt of the work. He thrust shallowly at first, only the first few inches. And then he was relentless, fucking your mouth in full. You gagged around him initially, and he paused for a beat. Your moan allowed him to know you were ready, and he pressed on, your nose buried in the musk of his pubic hair. “Kriff,” he growled out, forcing your head to bob up and down as he did not stop thrusting. His hips bucked forward, and you whined. You were turned on, knowing full well what he was going to do to you. Sure enough, he pulled back, a trail of saliva connecting your mouth and his cock. “Stand up.” You obeyed immediately, and, preempting him, turned around so that your back was to him. His hands were tugging off the belt then pushing you onto your hands and knees on the bed. The mattress squeaked when his weight was added to it. His hand descended on your ass, a loud smack echoing through the room. You moaned his name, his first name, and the man behind you grabbed your hips. He tugged you backwards, his hard cock slipping between your ass cheeks. “Are you ready for me, hmm?” “Yes,” you moaned out, rocking your hips into his. “I’m so ready.” “And yet you ran away.” You swore aloud at his teasing, his taunting. His hands were skimming along your sides, up, up—and then they were cupping your breasts, squeezing and kneading you. “I’m not entirely convinced.” “Fuck, don’t do that,” you hissed, looking over your shoulder and glowering at him. He met your half-hearted glare with a confident smirk. “It was just to sleep. You’re such a damn sex fiend , I don’t get any sleep.” “Ah, my poor wife—exhausted.” He placed a kiss on the middle of your back, causing you to shudder. “Doesn’t enjoy the bed we’re to share.” “You don’t sleep in it,” you muttered once more in light protest, resting your forehead on your left hand. Your back in an arch, the next kiss was all the more sensational. You sighed heavily, relishing in the feel. “You only nap in corridors.” “Does that make you feel so neglected? Hmm? Is that it?” He pulled back for but a moment, his hand on his cock, the tip of it pressing against your entrance. Your jaw dropped when he began to push inside. The head of his erection stretched you, his length filling you so completely. “My poor dear,” he cooed. A chuckle then erupted from him as he started to rock into you, small, short thrusts. Your breath was hot against your hand. “Should I coddle my officers?” “You should your wife every now and again,” you replied without hesitation, earning you another laugh. He pressed his lips against the side of your neck, his hips snapping into yours. You whimpered at the feel of his sac slapping against your clit with his movements. The angle was perfect, as always. “I did follow you, after all,” General Hux said, slipping two fingers into your mouth. You wondered when he had taken off the glove as you wrapped your tongue around those bare digits. “I pay attention to you.” His fingers left your mouth with a loud pop, the tips of them finding your clit, which he began to rub. So aroused were you from all the foreplay, you felt your inner walls pulsing as that damn broke. Your vision blurred, and your head felt rather foggy as you spilled onto him. His breathing staggered, however he did not yet spill his load into you. The redhead withdrew himself long enough to turn you onto your back. He wrapped your legs around his waist whilst reentering you. Your eyes were glued to his, and you could see that building passion in his gaze. “You’re mine,” he purred, and you nodded obediently, arching off the bed so that he could fill you to the brim. “My little wayward wife.” You opened your mouth, ready to protest. “I enjoy it, my dear. If it displeased me that you pose such a challenge, I would not have married you. It’s…refreshing.” With a grunt, he came inside of you. You licked your lips, watching with wide eyes as he continued to fuck you, riding out his orgasm. “Fuck, you look so undone.” Your words caused him to shudder this time, the man not having expected you to say such a thing. He did indeed have to watch you; the one thing in his life that he could not predict yet wanted to protect. General Hux curled his body around yours, staring at you. You grinned, thinking to yourself that next time, instead of running away, you would simply find a way to lock him out of whatever room you decided to nap in. Or maybe just start waking him up from his naps… If he’s exhausted, I will be able to get some rest. Already he was petting your stomach, his hand venturing lower and lower with every stroke. “You never seem fulfilled, really.” “I would live inside of you if I could, my dear,” the man said, causing your eyebrows to draw upwards. It was similar to those rare occasions when you heard him rehearse a speech. Spoken with such conviction. As though, maybe, he had repeated these words to himself in the past. “If only I had your stamina.” You rolled over, moving atop him, lying stretched out and staring down at your husband. “Is that your blaster I feel, general?” “No, officer; it’s my cock.” You blinked, sighing and shaking your head.