Prologue The silence fills you with dread. You lay awake, yearning for the familiar drum of rain, but hear only the familiar noise of rainless nights: doors slamming open down the corridor, feet trampling, the muffled grunts and moans and pleas of comrades jolted awake by their peers. And you can still smell the urine soaked sheets of your bunkmate from when he was dragged from bed, kicking and screaming. As you follow the crowd, you’re filled with a dread that turns your stomach, but you keep yourself as blank as possible for fear of being one of the next ones. It’s a tradition, though you’re only the second class of cadets to pass through the Academy. A mockery of the games played by true soldiers, it’s cruel and twisted and the exact sort of game one would expect from a group of rich teenagers who are all repressing unspoken desires and constantly facing verbal and physical abuse when they’re accustomed to people begging to lick their boots. When the rain stops, there’s always a new victim. You hadn’t understood the growing sense of unease that came with the lighter rain until you’d been pulled from bed by your bunkmate (the new victim) before your ignorance could be noted. The first time was set up by the pupils who already knew each other, trying to weed out those of undesirable backgrounds. Mud cakes your boots. Luckily, this time you’re prepared, unlike a number of your comrades whose feet sink into the sodden soil with loud squelches and wet slaps as they sprint with the group, chanting into the still night air. The words at first blend together and slur, but when they’re clear, a thrill consumes you: that flame ignited by the fact that you’re not the victim tonight and how much you hate the victims. THE BURNING! THE BURNING! THE BURNING! You know the instructors hear it all because it’s impossible to miss the shouting and screaming if the slamming of doors and pounding of feet running through the corridors hadn’t been enough. In the beginning, you’d wondered why they never tried to stop the Burning, but you’ve come to know now exactly how an academy in existence for only two years knows tradition. The head prefect is Armitage Hux and he leads the crowd, yelling the loudest with his torch waving and burning as brightly as his hair that reminds you of the blood pouring from his broken nose, irritated probably by the rush of excitement. No one, but his father, would dare touch Hux and make him bleed. He’s tall and thin and he’s in his uniform with wild hair for once. His eyes are crazed and lit by the light of his torch that casts shadows across his features so that he resembles his father to the point of unnerving you. Though he’s more of an instructor than he is a student, he’s caught at the age where he’s not old enough to be taken too seriously, but not young enough to be dismissed entirely and everything he does, you think, is a challenge. He’s constantly proving himself. You’re nearly at the face of the crowd when you all reach the shore. An endless sea of strangely still water watches row upon row of youthful faces. It’s cold and you’re shivering, but adrenaline is quickly flooding your senses like the rest of your comrades. The chanting is louder now. The leaves of the trees shake in the wind that whips your clothing and hair in every direction. Hux’s voice carries and he speaks each word with precision though he speaks too quickly to keep up with him. The group who grabbed your bunkmate dump him unceremoniously on the ground and he writhes pathetically there until his clothing is dirty. Tears stream down his face and he chokes out useless pleas that hang stupidly on his lips. The stench of urine fills your nostrils. He’d be embarrassed if he wasn’t already so terrified. You’re shoved to the front of the crowd with the others who sleep in your room and, as you look around at their faces, you see their excitement written across their features as if the activity fills them with a childish glee. You feel their expressions mirrored on your own features though the joy is only outward. “You,” Hux says, pointing at three of your roommates: a girl and two boys all with exemplary marks. “You’ll be the Catalysts.” He points to the girl beside you, “You’re the Retriever.” He’s silent for a moment, adding to the tension. “And I’m the Burner,” he says without looking at you. The Burning is a sick form of entertainment. When the rain stops, the weakest of the group becomes the victim. The night begins with the gathering of students by the sea and the chanting and then Hux gives his speech. The roommates of the victim become its predators because the victim is their burden to be done away with. Some people wait excitedly for the chance while others, yourself included, hope ceaselessly to escape being a predator when the victim is tossed into the murky, black depths and told to swim to the point of no return or be caught, to swim until there’s no choice but to swim forward. The Catalysts chase the victim in the water in the hopes of dragging it back to shore where it’s delivered to the Burner. However, everyone hopes secretly for the Retriever to be needed should the victim be rendered unconscious or dead in the waters and its body must be retrieved and given to the Burner. And when it all comes to the final stage with the Burner, the crowd is usually too excited to be quiet. The Retriever strips the victim, throws it into the crowd, and allows the previously chosen student to douse it in gasoline. And then all the Burner has to do is light a match and toss it and the Burning has truly commenced. It’s the role that is least desired: the murderer. Because up until then there was a chance of returning to a state previously reached, but once the match is lit and tossed, no apology or sudden outburst can save the victim. That is the true point of no return. Tonight, you’re expected to witness the murder of a boy you’ve slept an arm’s length from every night since your arrival. When the time comes and you look away, Hux is watching you. Chapter 2 : Verbal Irony Summary: Hux makes an offer you can't turn down Notes: i feel horrible after writing this, which is exactly why i'm posting it quickly before i change my mind Armitage is on edge today. Something to do with his stepmother, something to do with a gift or something frivolous. It’s not that he cares –he doesn’t– but that his father cares and, if his father cares about something (something that he’s apparently done wrong, at that), then he has to find something else to do to garner the right kind of attention. It’s obvious that he hasn’t. The commandant holds his son’s head, gripping the carefully combed fiery strands so that they come loose from their style, as he forces the lanky boy’s gaze to land on him. Armitage clenches his jaw, but is silent. The kind of silent one might mistake as his being timid. With their foreheads pressed together, Brendol speaks quietly and lowly, but not so discreetly that you can’t tell what he’s saying. No, you’re putting an extra amount of effort into scrubbing the floors to both focus on something else and move away from them. Your peer is doing the same, scrubbing the tile so furiously that the skin on his knuckles has broken and is bleeding from scraping so often. And your breath falls heavily from your lips as you inch slowly away from the duo. “What will we not have?” The older Hux is asking, so upset that spit gathers at the corners of his mouth. “We’ll not have any disrespect toward Mother ,” Armitage says, somberly. The tension rises as his father’s hand slips down to the nape of his neck, gripping the pale skin there harshly. “And what will you do?” “I’ll make sure to visit her grave while you prance around with your bitter, old whore,” Armitage says, and his delivery is so calm that for a moment you don’t catch what he says. But once you do, you look away. The noise of skin against skin fills the corridor with a resounding clap. You hear him stumble, lean against the wall to support himself. And then he spits onto the floor. There’s silence for a long moment and then suddenly you’re all breathing loudly together as the father and son stare at each other. You glance at your comrade who’s got that panicked look in his wide eyes that prey get when they hear a predator approach. “You ought to learn when to keep your mouth shut, boy,” Brendol says. He pauses behind you, but you don’t turn to look at him. “Or being my bastard simply won’t be enough.” You keep your head bowed as the older man passes you because you don’t want to be his next victim and you’ve heard the rumors about him and the first year girls. The younger they are, the better. He likes girls like you whose eyes still shine with the innocence they were told would catch a husband at their debutante balls. Armitage pulls you up by your arm as he walks, forcing you to abandon your post without a word as he leads you down the corridor. And you’re too stunned to speak. He doesn’t even look at you and you’re convincing yourself that he just picked up the first person he saw when he says your name. “Your parents are wasting their money on a corpse,” he says, slamming you against a wall. You press your lips together and drop your gaze to his polished leather boots, knowing you’ll get worse if you respond in any way. Oh, you’ve seen it happen a million times. Armitage gets hurt and heals his ego by abusing his comrades of lower rank. You’ve seen him yell at a boy who asked to be excused as he watched the boy soil himself before him, overcome by the anxiety Armitage induces. His father does it, too. Brendol terrifies every single pupil. But it’s different. There’s an authority to him, a genuine poise and position, but with Armitage, there’s only a savage beast trying to reach for its prey hidden beneath the prim prefect. And there’s nothing keeping him from humiliating anyone. He fears his father, but obviously not enough. “Look at me,” Hux says, calmly. He doesn’t repeat himself when you don’t immediately obey, but instead he grabs your face and tilts it upward toward his. “See, that’s the problem with you. You’re incapable of focusing on what you need to.” You press your lips together and try not to think of how his eyes shine with a peculiar glee. “And I bet you thought no one had seen you look away…” His voice is barely a whisper. “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” you say, you lie. “Oh? Well, I’m referring to the last Burning.” He sneers and steps away from you. “How you looked away…” You press your lips together as your mind is overcome by the sort of numbness that takes over the brain when fear grows to be too much and your emotions all jumble together like the waves of visible light and come through as nothing: whiteness. “You’ve got that look in your eyes like you expect me to hurt you. Tell me, what would you do to avoid being the one burned?” “I don’t know,” you reply, your vision blurring. “If I’m weak, I’ll burn. If I’m strong, it only takes a single mistake and there it is. A glance.” “Are you going to cry?” Hux asks, his voice strained. “I’m already weak,” you say, as the first tears fall, and his eyes are on your own filled with something very near awe. Hux touches just below your lower eyelid, tracing lightly the bulge of your eye where your socket sinks in. His lips part as though he’s become too preoccupied to keep them pressed together. There’s wonder in his eyes. A tear wets his thumb and he drags the wetness down the curve of your cheek to the corner of your mouth. The digit pauses there for a moment before swiping leisurely across your lips. And then he presses that thumb down at the very center of your lips so that your lips part and his thumb hits your teeth. “Open your mouth,” he says, and his voice is barely more than a breath as though he’s become too excited to speak normally. You let your jaw hang slack, too stunned to cry any longer by the fact that Armitage Hux is touching you without hitting you. His thumb tastes faintly of soap and your tears. His skin is soft and smooth as though he’s never worked hard. You feel him press his thumb down on your tongue lightly before retracting it as quickly as he’d placed it there. Hux withdraws from you, staring at his hand for a long moment. He glances at your face and his hand lifts to touch you again, but he freezes with the sound of approaching footsteps. His hand drops back down to his side, his thumb glistening with your saliva. Quickly, he wipes his face of all emotion save for his usual disdain and assesses you. “Report to my quarters after curfew if you value your life.” The corridors are deathly quiet and still. There’s not a prefect in sight, nor an instructor to be seen. It’s so dark you have to stumble blindly, clutching the wall to gain your senses, while your eyes adjust to the blackness. Shuffling forward, the noise of your breaths and the swish of your nightgown against the cool walls seems to echo loudly. Hux’s door has been left ajar when you reach it. For a moment, you stand hesitantly before it just outside of the strip of warm light that flows out. There’s music playing from within, soft, melodic music that is reminiscent of the kind played at debutante balls. The hallway smells faintly of cigarettes and heavy cleaning products. You knock on the door, shifting nervously. He appears suddenly with only his eye visible through the crack. That single eye stares down at you blankly for a breath, and then he speaks very quickly and quietly. He speaks as though he’s discussing something urgent and of the utmost importance. It’s a wonder his words don’t blend together into meaningless noise, but even talking at such a fast pace has no effect on his enunciation. “If you enter this room, you agree to do anything I tell you to do in exchange for your protection. In this room, your morals mean nothing to me, your desires less, and you are not your own autonomous being, but a vessel for me to enjoy. If I degrade you, you will thank me for my mercy. If I beat you, you will thank me for my protection. If I kill you, you’ll die thanking me for being the one to do it. You mean absolutely nothing to me and you are disposable, so don’t fill your little head with fantasies no matter what I do to you and how it feels.” He pauses, blinking once. “If you enter this room and do anything I deem undesirable, I’ll make sure you’re the next victim. If you don’t enter this room, you’ll be the next victim.” Hux’s eye is a single abyss staring into you without any regret. That blank orb makes his words feel heavier and heavier with each passing moment. “It’s your choice.” You don’t have to think about it because the only option seems painfully clear. It’s either live or be murdered. Nodding, you stare into his single eye and hear the words on your lips before you’re aware that you’re saying them. And your blood runs cold as they are on your tongue, but you don’t try to deny them. “I’ll come in,” you say, and your voice shakes slightly. The door swings inward on creaking hinges as Hux steps aside to let you enter his quarters. The only light comes from a lamp on his desk, but it’s enough to illuminate the photographs that cover a single wall. They’re all black and white, some faded and worn around the edges, but not a single one is marred by color. Faces upon faces in various stages of distress or, perhaps, pleasure. The ones fully illuminated seem to hint at ecstacy, while the ones cast in shadow hint at agony. “Stand in the middle of the room and look only at me,” Hux says. You walk quickly, turning your head to keep the young man in your vision. As he comes to stand before you, he holds your gaze and there’s something like glee in his eyes. It reminds you of the way he looks when he berates your comrades and you swallow thickly as your mouth grows dry. Still, you hold his gaze. “When you cried earlier, I knew I wanted you,” Hux murmurs, stopping before you. “So easily moved to tears, looking at me with those distraught eyes like you’d been put through an eternal bout of suffering…” He tilts his head and gestures at you. “Undress. And don’t say a word.” He crosses his arms over his chest and watches you carefully. Your gown falls at your feet in a ring of white fabric. Your fingers begin to shake when you move to discard your underwear and the cloth twists on its way down your thighs. But you don’t look down, you simply bend over and roll your underwear down your legs clumsily, never looking away from Hux. He seems amused by your show, smirking when you straighten to your full height again. “Kneel,” he whispers. You start to sink to your knees where you are only for him to pull you back up by your hair, hissing, “Closer to me.” You stare at him as he undresses himself quickly with lithe digits. The buttons of his shirt are undone one by one so quickly that you have no time to prepare for the sight of his bare chest before there it is. There are bandages wrapped around his narrow torso and angry purple bruises spill from beneath the pristine white of the bandages. His belt thuds loudly as it falls to the floor, tossed carelessly away from your forms. He hooks his fingers in his underwear as well as his pants and pulls them down quickly. When he stands again, he moves so that his penis brushes your cheek and he has to pause for a moment to laugh at the sight of you. The noise is foreign to your ears coming from him, and you flinch when he laughs because it makes the weight on your cheek feel all the more real. But you don’t look away. You grow more and more humiliated as his game goes on as it is. Realizing what he’ll have you do, a sinking dread settles at the pit of your stomach like something awful meeting the floor of an abyss. And you know this is only the beginning for him, that he’ll grow sadistic soon. He steps back, running his fingers through his hair and tilts his head back. You watch his Adam’s apple bob twice before he stalks over to his desk to rummage through the drawers. Slamming each one shut when before forcing the next open, he seems impatient and mumbles to himself incoherently. Eventually, he returns holding his datapad and wearing a sickening grin. “What would your parents think if they found out you’re on your knees for me when you should be in bed?” He shifts, his hand falling down to caress his growing erection, and stares cruelly down at you. “What would they think of you agreeing to be my whore to avoid being burned alive? Would they rather you’d simply accepted your fate?” You want to respond, but you don’t. Instead you bite your tongue and try not to flinch whenever he presses the very tip of his length against your lips, letting the wetness that accumulates soak into your lips. Tears of frustration burn your eyes and you’re unsure of how to react. Because he’s simultaneously saving your life while making you feel like you’re worthless, like you’ve made a mistake. He steps back, his hand pumping furiously up and down his length while his breath grows heavy. A blush spreads across his cheeks and he glares down at you, muttering to himself about how worthless you are. The gleam in his eyes doesn’t fade, no it grows brighter. He pauses only to hold his datapad over you, saying, “Look up into the lens.” And you do, you stare at that blank lens as though it’s a reprieve from reality. You see your face reflected, shadowed, but you. The movement of Hux’s hand assaults the corners of your vision while his tiny groans and grunts assault your hearing. You want to cover your ears and close your eyes like a child placed before the monster it fears most when sleep overcomes the senses. “Your purpose from now on is to be my plaything. Tell me you’re grateful,” Hux growls. Your eyes dart to meet his before slipping back to the lens. You clench your hands into fists with so much force that you feel your nails break the skin of your palms. Tears threaten, but you blink quickly, not wanting to give him exactly what he desires of you, exactly what he expects from you. Gritting your teeth, your eyebrows furrow as you nod. “I’m grateful,” you whisper. “Good, now open your mouth.” His cock is on your tongue the second your lips part, sliding without a care into your mouth. When you gag and try to pull away, he grabs the back of your neck and forces you forward, chuckling to himself. The taste of him floods your mouth while your vision fills with his wiry, pale pubic hair. It tickles your nose while you inhale deeply, searching desperately for breath. Each inhalation brings forth a wave of the scent of him, of the musk that settles between his legs that is a mixture of standard soap and his sweat. Your jaw aches and you whimper, but he’s unrelenting. He thrusts into your mouth slowly, shallowly, searching for a quick release in your mouth. Saliva gathers at the corners of your mouth, dribbling down your chin whenever he withdraws fully from your mouth and you gasp in breaths, remaining connected to his cock by thick strings of saliva. Hux isn’t gentle or accommodating. You look at him now and wonder how you ever considered him to be anything near a standard to be met, how you ever saw the evidence of his father’s aggression on his body and felt bad for him now that he’s shoving his cock into your mouth like a starved deviant. He gets what he wants from you as tears spill over your face and you choke on his cock. He draws pitiful noises from you, promising to do worse the next time every few moments. When he finally pulls away, his hand returns to his length to smear your saliva over it like some sort of makeshift lubricant. You close your mouth and give up on fighting the urge to cry. You sob openly as you watch his digits squeeze his erection, trying to pull from him an orgasm that is so obviously eminent by the twitching of his cock and the contraction of the muscles that mark his torso. He moans when he finally releases thick ropes of his cum across your face and breasts, with an air of accomplishment about him. You know he’s recording you and your stomach twists with a mixture of disgust and relief when he steps away from you. Because it happened, because it’s over. Because the only thing you’re wearing is his semen and your tears and spit while he seems thoroughly pleased with himself, shoving his datapad in your face. “Say you’re happy to be my slut,” Hux says, panting. “I’m happy…” You sob and draw in a shaky breath as you’re throat constricts. “I’m happy to be your slut, Hux.” A piece of you wishes you’d chosen to die, but the desperate human instinct to live is still thankful to the man whose semen colors your features. Chapter 3 : Be Careful Summary: You remember the night your innocence was threatened before you came to the Academy. Something strange is happening among your comrades and you're being pulled into it. Hux clarifies some of the details of your agreement in his quarters, warning you of the dangers of your new role. Notes: TW: Abortion is discussed toward the end of the chapter The night of your debutante ball comes to you in clips, flashes of a memory buried within a memory, as you’re walking to the nearest cafeteria furthest from Armitage’s quarters. You find yourself returning to it often to fill your mind with the endless possibilities of the nagging question of what if. Biting your lips as you go, you remember the first time you were touched by a boy. Your skin had burned differently with his hand on your thigh beneath the table. His skin had felt like the kindest flame as he whispered sweetly into your ear about something mundane… Was it his annual income? Or the size of his estate? Perhaps something about political propaganda. He was older and experienced. He bragged about past lovers’ praises over the rim of his glass and looked at you like you were a meal. His hair was dark, his eyes darker, and his skin smooth and unmarked. With a gently curving jaw, like that of a woman, and eyes that turned down at the corners framed by thick eyelashes, he’d been a dream. His parents were rich, he was rich, and your parents had told you specifically to talk to him that night. The way his head tilted slightly when he looked at you, as though he was always considering your words or something about you, made you feel important. Special , even… You don’t think of his name, only his voice and how smooth it had been when he suggested that you accompany him in the garden long after the other guests had gone. A few of the other young men broke away with his suggestion, all put off. And, of course, your parents collected contacts, eager to marry their daughter off to avoid the alternative. When you disappeared with the dark haired man, your parents eyes shone brightly as though they’d succeeded. Young and naive, you followed him out into the garden where the moon’s light cast pale shadows across rows of flora. Small creatures scurried across the path, away from your feet, as you both went, arm in arm, further into the maze. You remember the scene vividly. It was something that had always seemed banal turned majestic. The fountains and their carved statues were like white angels pouring forth glistening streams that whispered sweetly into the still night air. The vines that twisted around the archways seemed to lean in to listen as you passed beneath each arch one by one. There wasn’t even a wind to ruin the night. “You’re truly a dream tonight,” he said, leading you leisurely. Your cheeks flushed as you thanked him and you dipped your head. You felt his gaze at the nape of your neck. “Did I mention the stream?” he asked, as you came to a bench on the path. “I don’t believe you did.” Your voice was barely more than a whisper. He took your hand as you sat, holding it for a moment before letting his fingers slip to your knee. There, they tangled in the fabric of your dress and your breath hitched with your hem. “Did something happen at the stream?” you asked. “Are you absolutely sure you want to hear?” he asked, smiling warmly at you. “Do you absolutely promise to marry me?” you whispered, returning his smile and gaze for a short moment. It was bold, but your tongue was loose from the evening’s champagne. “Is that your answer?” You nodded. “I knew a woman beside the stream.” He paused, your skirt now pushed near your knees. “Have you known anyone?” You shook your head, looking away from him. “Would you like to?” He spoke softly. You shook your head again. “Come now, of course you do,” he said, his tone dripping with amused disbelief. You shook your head and stood, your dress falling into place again. “We’ll be married soon. You don’t need to be ashamed,” he said, murmuring. “Then we’ll know each other when we’re married,” you said. “I need to know you before then.” He stood with you. “How else will I know that I’m marrying the right person for me?” You felt a desire to please him when his soft eyes met yours. Biting your lip, your resolve wavered. You needed to be married or, at least, engaged before the start of the semester at the Academy or your parents would send you away. All of your friends were already claimed. A part of you was desperate and afraid to be sent away. “Let me see you this once. We don’t need to make love, but I must see you,” he whispered as he reached for your dress. There weren’t straps to resist his tugging and soon your breasts were bare to him. He made a soft noise at the back of his throat, his mouth hanging open, and groaned at the sight before groping you with crazed eyes. It was hasty and clumsy, but he stayed that way for a moment despite your efforts to get him to stop, quieting you with sweet words. He only relinquished to bring your hand to his crotch, forcing you to touch the stiffness. Even now, you remember the shape and feel of him with startling detail. He stepped back and made quick work of his trousers, pulling his penis free. When he returned to you, he guided your hand down the length of it. And you stood that way for a while, touching him reluctantly while bile rose in your throat and your stomach churned as he touched you. After a long while, you said it was time to go. “Kiss me before we part,” he said, and when you moved to kiss him, he whispered, “Not my lips.” The memory is interrupted by a body slamming into yours. You stumble and look around, bewildered, in search of the cause. An older comrade stands shakily behind you, offering his hand and you stare at it confused for a moment because you don’t need his help standing. When he takes your hand forcefully, you flinch, but accepted what he places in your palm before turning swiftly and standing at attention without explanation. There are footsteps approaching, the measured kindof the officers in charge of correction. “Don’t look at it until you’re alone,” he hisses. “And go quickly!” You walk quickly, but calmly away without glancing back. Your blood rushes in your ears and you’re beginning to feel faint as your sweat dampens the slip curling against your palm and the scabs from your meeting with Hux. It’s only a paper, but it feels lethal. Considering tossing it, you linger near the chutes, but pass them quickly in favor of slipping outside on the basis of a quick walk. The wind whips your cheeks until they’re raw. Adrenaline coursing through your veins is the only thing keeping you from freezing. Blood rises to the surface of your skin, leaving your palms and fingertips flushed as though submerged in water of either side of the extreme temperature wise. You pass several of your comrades, but they’re all huddled at the entrance to smoke their cigarettes. They watch you go, uninterested as the rain pours down on you. You didn’t stop to retrieve your outerwear and the cold prevails once your clothes have soaked. The fall of rain is less heavy once you reach the trees and when you stop to catch your breath you can count the drops that fall through the green canopy dulled by the day’s darkness. Slowly, you look around to make sure you haven’t been followed. Satisfied with the stillness surrounding you, you lean against a tree while inhaling a deep breath of air. You turn the slip in your hand uncertainly before unfolding it hesitantly, careful not to tear the damp edges of it where your fingers couldn’t thwart the downpour. Holding your breath, you try to read the scrawled writing running across it, but it’s only a single smudged line. Beneath it is a number, 0000, and below that lies a single line of text: IS THERE AN ANSWER IN THE ASHES? Dread fills you as you toss the paper away, kicking mud over it. It can’t simply be nonsense, otherwise the person who gave it to you wouldn’t have passed it on like contraband. And right when you thought you were safe, you’ve become a pawn in something far worse than a glance. Hux has you wait for him while he showers. When you arrived at his room, clean and without your undergarments, the lights were on and he spoke to you from the bathroom. The water had cut on after he spoke, telling you to close and lock the door behind you. It was obvious he’d waited for you, probably eager to exercise such control. You take the time to study the photographs on the wall behind his desk. Though at first glance they all seem to be of different people, it’s clear upon studying them further that they’re all of the same handful of people with the occasional visitor mixed in. It seems the subjects all lose something with each photograph, though they seem to be less bruised in the next picture. Their eyes grow more fearful as their faces grow clearer. There’s a bound book on the table and you think it’s a bit ancient. But Hux seems to be fond of the ancient tools judging by the photographs and there’s a camera on the desk, film beside it. You refrain from touching anything, fearing that somehow he’ll know. Your picture has yet to be added to the collection and you’re nearly sure that it’s only a matter of time before he captures you however he will. On the desk, there’s only that book, camera, and a metal rod. Your blood runs cold at the sight of it. “Curious?” Hux stands in the doorway fully dressed with his wet hair slicked back for the most part. A few flaming strands lick his forehead. For once, his expression is calm without the coldness and he looks nearly cherubic with flushed cheeks and glistening, pink lips. You stare at him, unsure of how to respond. Fearful of saying the wrong thing, you lower your gaze and press your lips together. A guilt rises to the surface of you as your thoughts turn immediately to the slip and how it felt like simply holding it was a threat. The way he looks at you, like he knows... “There’s no wrong answer to the question,” Armitage says, stepping into the room fully. Is there an answer in the ashes? You shake the thought from your mind. No, he can’t know. No one knows save for yourself and the boy who gave you the slip. “Are you going to beat me?” you ask. “Not unless you disobey me,” he replies, approaching his desk. You step away, clearing his path, and still he stops too close to you. “Then why do you have the rod?” “Because you have to learn sooner or later.” Hux runs his fingers along the length of the rod, tilting his head. “Tonight’s session will have to be brief. I have my duties. You’ll have to listen carefully.” You hold your breath as you watch him move to the bed. This is the calm before the storm. You can feel it in every fiber of your being for this feels like the pause that precedes the moment a predator springs. “Our agreement is entirely confidential. I’m mentioning that though I know you won’t speak because I know there will be a point when you’ll feel forced to speak.” He pauses, gazing absently at his desk as though preoccupied with something not present. “Should that ever change, you’ll be notified.” He sounds robotic, his words rehearsed or at the very least repeated. “Questions?” “Have you done this before?” you ask, stupidly. “You should know; you seem fixated on that wall.” He sighs and crosses his arms over his chest, standing to his full height. He towers over you. “If I may,” you begin. “Why preface it with that if you’ll ask anyway?” Hux mutters. It’s rhetorical. “Why would I ever feel forced to admit to… this ?” You spit out the last word bitterly, remembering your last visit. “You would,” he says, dismissively. “If you could. We both know you won’t enjoy this nearly as much as I do. But I’ve your consent, be it dubious as it is.” Your bottom lip quivers and you close your eyes, silently giving in. “ Don’t look at me in public ,” Armitage growls, a glimpse of his usual self pushing through his facade. “Your comrades are vigilant and so much as a glance could murder you and I can’t fuck a dead thing.” “What if you’re speaking?” “Then you’ll do what you’ve always done.” What you’ve always done … You can barely remember how you bathed before Hux used you. It feels as though you’re learning to walk again. Even the night of your debutante ball hadn’t left you feeling so dirty, though you couldn’t kiss your parents for weeks following. Then again, the man hadn’t defiled your face per se and he hadn’t needed to force you to press that fleeting kiss there because you’d been stupid to believe his words. “You’ll accept me whenever I want you.” You don’t have a response to that. “There are other rules, but they’ll be revealed should you need them,” Hux says with an air of finality. He tilts his head, pondering something before making an irritated noise. “Ah, the rod…” Your eyes widen and dart to his desk. “Don’t look so fearful,” he says, sneering at you. “You’ll need to keep up with your contraceptives. Monthly injections from now on, they’re our most efficient treatment. If you ever fall pregnant…” His eyes fall upon the rod. “You’ve heard of it, I’m sure. The girls who were in your circle were busy little women, weren’t they?” There’s amusement on his tongue. “There are willing medics to perform-,” you begin. “And then you’ll have to admit it’s mine.” Anyone sharing your surname would suffer if something so scandalous was revealed. Hux, his family can withstand a story, but it would ruin his military career the way it’s been progressing. “I’ll not have any more Hux bastards becoming the source of gossip,” he says quietly, his eyes flashing. There are ways of preventing such even after conception, the quickest being the messiest and too dangerous to try first. Suddenly the metal rod seems all the more threatening. You had a servant, a sweet young girl with dark hair and a soft voice. With the emptiest eyes you’d ever seen. It was as though words could never fully fit into her realm of perception at quite the right rate. She was easily persuaded to do things others would turn down and you’d liked her because she was too innocent to keep her mouth shut regarding private matters. The servants were known to gossip among each other, but rarely with their masters, but she told you everything she knew as long as you made sure she got a slice of her favorite pastry when she took you to the markets on her days off. It was an absolute secret that never bothered to hide itself. Your parents would have skinned you if they’d known where you went on those lazy afternoons, disappearing with a servant on the pretense of a walk through the small wooded area that surrounded your home. But you were strangely attached to the dull girl and you were always around when one of your father’s comrades would approach her. He was always very careful about it, too. He’d always pass you on the path to the market. The first time you accompanied her, a blank faced adolescent, he looked guiltily at you and asked quietly for you not to mention “whatever it was that you believe you saw” as he slipped a few coins into your hand. And after that he would pass her a note on the path and she would take you with her to see him wherever the note told her to. You were too innocent to realize why she always stiffened when she saw him or what her skewed clothing meant when she met you outside after. And you hadn’t understood the redness around her eyes for years. She became frantic along with the rest of the servants one week. For that week, there was a hush in their quarters unlike any other and many came to visit bearing home remedies to battle her illness. You didn’t know then why so few servants ever had children, but you know now. The most effective method had also been the only one to go so terribly wrong. Even now you can recall with vivid detail the sight of pale hands covered in blood and the mess left on the tiles, the stained sheets, the crimson footprints… her feverish visage… those empty eyes filled with sorrow as though she knew… But of course she must have known. Your parents never discussed it, but your friends were fascinated. They never went down the same route. Some caught infections, punctured things better left untouched, but their biggest pains were nothing in comparison to the servants’. You’ve heard of them burning themselves from the inside out to avoid the possibility of children. For the rich girls, several days of fever and headaches are the worst pain, the only consequence. Your mother sent you off with a powder for “headaches” before you left, warning you to be careful. “Should you need to, I won’t assist you.” Hux says, his voice wavering as though the thought of it sickens him. “Have you done it before?” you ask. “No,” he replies, his eyes fading out of focus. “And you won’t change that. Anything that occurs in your body is solely your problem.” “I…” you avert your gaze. “I’ll be careful.” “And, one more thing, stay out of trouble. The instructors are growing suspicious. If you’re caught with the wrong crowd, I won’t save you. My protection only keeps you from burning.” Chapter 4 : Duplicity Summary: You're awoken late for a reason more dangerous than the Burning that will make you question the truth as you know it. Hux does what he feels he must. Notes: So basically my strategy has been writing random excerpts throughout the week, plugging them into the outline, and then having a writing tempest when I get free time, which means I'm slowly getting into the rhythm of somewhat planned updates, which is nice. Now, for warnings, we've got more rape, so skip that entire middle section if you don't want the explicit details. Otherwise, it's mentioned throughout per usual with less intensity. Also, you're getting the eye of a scattered storm. Also, my grammar is probably horrid in this chapter. Or at least worse than normal. You’re awake, too accustomed already to waking to leave for your meetings with Hux, too afraid to sleep for fear of meeting him your dreams. But should you meet him in sleep it would only be in a nightmare. Tonight, you toss and turn and you hear the faint whimpers of your comrades. They aren’t dreaming or terrified, but allowing their weakness to show under the cover of closed eyelids. Their bodies ache from hours upon hours of sparring practice and simulations of battles. Some nights, before you came to know Hux, you’d been them. You’d nursed the places affected by the simulations, numb and yet shocked to find skin, that had so vividly been burned or broken, unmarred. Like every other night, you feel tears of anguish prick at your eyes. There’s no way out now, not until you graduate or die. But that’s so far away from now… So far from tonight when you can feel your heart crumbling inside you as your chest constricts. So far from tomorrow, but closer than it is today. You push your knuckles into your mouth and bite down on them, turning onto your stomach. Burying your face in your pillow, you feel it dampen with your tears. You’ve never felt so tired. It’s the kind of fatigue that poisons your days, the kind of tired that won’t leave your body no matter how much you sleep. You’re living only because you’re breathing, but there’s nothing more to it. Each day you wake and hope uselessly for Hux not to tell you to meet him that night. When he calls you to his room, you undress mechanically and please him the same way. The only satisfaction in it is that you’re too numb to cry, but that’s beaten by him as he pulls your hair and spits on you and tries to humiliate you in the hopes of seeing tears dry on your cheeks. There’s a hand between your shoulder blades. At first, you relax for it feels so soothing, but then you stiffen for it’s the touch of a stranger. The hand rubs soothing circles along your spine for a moment before tugging lightly at the back of your nightgown. Your blood freezes in your body, blocking your veins and arteries. Feeble attempts at breaths are thwarted by a mixture of your fist in your mouth and the fact that your face is pressed against your soggy pillow. As the hand tugs again, this time more forcefully, you wonder if this it, if this is death. Will you burn tonight? Are they always kind to the victim or are you being pitied because they know ? You think you’ll die knowing that someone else is aware of your arrangement with Hux. Steeling yourself, you sit up slowly. You turn to face what you’re sure will be a crowd, but find only one of your comrades. A girl. She’s wearing her uniform pants beneath her nightgown, her jacket thrown over it. Her hair is messy and unkempt, falling from the single braid tossed over her shoulder. Reaching for your hand, she pulls you up with her and moves toward the door. There are soft footsteps in the hall, but nothing loud enough to draw attention. They sound like the staff doing their rounds, but the staff rarely does so. “Don’t be afraid,” she whispers, shoving you into the hall ahead of her. “Why are they out of their bunks?” you whisper, stumbling slightly. The girl ignores you in favor of walking quickly ahead of you. You lose her eventually, but decide to follow a trio heading in the same direction as her. You lose them one by one only to find another comrade to follow. And it goes on like that until you’re standing just outside of a room marked 0000 with a feeling of paralyzing dread sinking in your stomach. Hux told you to stay out of trouble, yet, here you are, walking into it with eyes still red from crying. It’s an old, empty hall. There are mats pushed against the wall, covered in a thick film of dust. As you watch, comrades trickle in and section themselves off into groups of people they’re friendly with. You stand stupidly by the entrance while they perch themselves on the mats and sit on the floor, speaking quietly as if filling the time before something big. The air feels like that of an assembly and, though you don’t know anyone personally, you feel inexplicably safe surrounded by them. There’s an upperclassman who’s the top of her class, an amazing fighter destined for greatness in the rise of the Empire’s spawn. She’s stoic usually and unapproachable, but tonight she sits among a small group, smiling normally and speaking excitedly. Normally, she terrifies you, but tonight you feel as though you can speak to her. The comrades here address each other by their first names. It feels so intimate and forbidden. Now that you’re sure you won’t burn, there’s still that dread resting at the bottom of your stomach, an unwanted guest. You shouldn’t be here. You should be in your bunk drifting off like an infant after a tantrum, but you’re not. And Hux said… It feels as though your body is slowly becoming a target. No, you shouldn’t be here… You’re not quite sure that you want to leave. Eventually, you move in to mingle with one of the people still standing alone. He’s the boy who gave you the slip and, though he greets you warmly, he doesn’t seem to recognize you. His face is bruised, you’re guessing from his punishment for running, but otherwise his appearance is neat, clean. Pale hair like unbroken, fluid strands of silver, stops at the center of his back. His eyelashes glint beneath the flickering fluorescent light. Who knew skin could be so white? You think he looks like one of the creatures your parents had filled your head with stories of when you were young. “You,” you say, your voice cracking. “Pardon?” He raises an eyebrow and smirks at you. “You got me into this.” “Did I?” He seems genuinely confused. “I only do it when I’m being chased and I’m only being chased when I do it.” “It?” you ask, furrowing your brow and crossing your arms over your chest. “Recruiting,” he replies, glancing at the entrance. “It’s a dangerous job, but I’m the only one trusted to do it.” You follow his gaze in time to see an upperclassman sauntering in. The way the room falls quiet in awe makes your body buzz with excitement despite your fatigue. Drinking in the sight of him, you’re once more filled with a feeling of safety. He walks confidently, swifty. His hair is dark and shaven around the edges and back in a standard military style, but the very top of it is long enough to graze his chin. It was obviously styled back at some point, but strands now fall across his forehead. “You’re all here because you know the truth,” he says, reaching the center of the circle of your comrades. You’re confused, but try not to show it. “And if you don’t know the truth…” He shrugs, trailing off. “You’re gonna fuckin’ know it before you leave.” His voice is smooth and surprisingly calm. He speaks as though he’s done this before, his stance relaxed, yet filled with power or, at the very least, the promise of it. The group erupts, cheering as though he’s said something amazing. You survey the group, noting the unresponsive and even confused faces of the people like you while the upperclassman waves his hands to calm the group. And everyone falls silent with just his hands waving once, twice, and they regard him with a reigned in excitement and respect. “For the new recruits, what is the truth?” he shouts, grinning. “ THERE ISN’T AN ANSWER IN THE ASHES! ” It’s repeated like a chorus as a multitude of stomping feet makes the walls shake. Again, though, all is silent with his waving hand as quickly as the noise became deafening. “Which, of course, means that the Academy is full of shit, the Empire was full of shit, and the First Order will be full of shit,” he says calmly, nodding absentmindedly. “And what do we do with shit?” “ WE GET RID OF IT! ” “We’re going to get rid of the First Order starting here, at the Academy. We’re going to destroy the oppressive, corrupt system employed by this side of the galaxy from the inside out,” he says, matter-of-factly. “Which won’t be easy. I’m talking to the fresh faces.” He glances around, catching every stranger’s gaze fleetingly. “Some of us are going to die, but that won’t stop us. Some of us will suffer, but that won’t stop us. Some of will do things so immoral we won’t be able to look at ourselves the same way, but that won’t stop us.” You swear his gaze lingers on you. “All of us will lose something dear to us, but that won’t stop us .” You’re impassioned by the gleam in his eyes, swept into the roar of the crowd as though you know the cause as well as him, as if this group is dear to you. You know you shouldn’t be here, but something about this feels right. Something about this feels like your way out of your current dilemma. For the first time in weeks, you feel alive though you’re also apprehensive. “New recruits to the center of the circle,” he says, waving his hand for silence again. It’s a small group, but large enough to not know everyone. You stand toward the end of the line, farthest from the leader. Everyone wears an expression of both fear and pride. A few of the older members weep and cheer as though you’re all a blessing to them. Even the leader regards you as though you’re precious stones to him. “I’m Ben X, formerly Laurier, and I am the founder of this family,” he says, walking up and down the line. “From now on, you are all no longer comrades, but brothers, sisters, siblings. Gone are the days of isolation. Here, we are a family devoted to the greater good. We’d all die for the other, and kill for the other. It’s never too late to leave, but you’ll never mention this should you go.” There’s silence save for Ben’s soft voice as he makes his way down the line. You’re confused until he reaches you. He cradles the back of your head, tilting it forward until your foreheads meets. His eyes bore into yours and they’re filled with a fire that burns you pleasantly. He holds the position for a moment before speaking quietly to you, his voice filled with emotion. “I will die for you for I am your guide and I am devoted to you,” Ben says, conviction on his tongue. “And I will protect you.” He lingers for a moment before pressing a kiss to your forehead. You watch him finish the line, but he doesn’t kiss anyone else. Once more, he stands still, addressing the group as a whole. “We’re done for tonight, but you’ll know when to see me again,” Ben says. Your eyes narrow in confusion as you watch him leave. The moment he’s out of the door, the rest of your comrades - family - begin to follow him in pairs. You stand near the entrance with the pale boy. “That was it?” you ask, bewildered. “It was merely an introduction.” Everything warm that had existed in you the night of the meeting is gone the moment you set foot in Hux’s quarters. He’s already naked and waiting for you, pacing. He berates you for being two minutes late before ripping your nightgown down, tearing the flimsy straps without a care. Reality washes over you as he pushes you toward the bed, keeping you flat on your stomach with your hands pinned behind you. Hux breathes heavily as he spreads your thighs with his knees. Curling an arm beneath your hips, he hoists your backside up roughly and leans forward to whisper in your ear. Cold fingers travel the insides of your thighs all the way to their apex. You want to protest, but you bite your lip instead because you knew it was only a matter of time. He leaves for a moment and you hear his camera clicking. He kneels beside you to capture your face as the first tears begin to fall. You turn your face away. “You know, I’m doing you a favor,” he murmurs. “You’ll thank me when you find out what’s in store for you, you ungrateful brat.” He stares at you, cradling his cheek in his palm like a child regarding an interesting new discovery. Again, he isn’t fully aware, present, and looks both at and through you. Fading into awareness, with the slow tilting this way and that way of his head, he stands. The young man lingers a moment beside you, palming his erection thoughtfully. He seems to want to do something other than what he’s planning to do, but mentally writes it off as though acquiescing with himself. And then he’s behind you, spitting into his palm and then smearing his saliva haplessly between your thighs so that your sex becomes all the more sensitive to the cool air in your prone position. You remember similar gestures, gaining similar and opposite reactions from you, and tonight you’re still and open for your assailant. His caress is gentle and measured, meticulous. It’s as though he’s getting a feel for things, noticing what makes your breath hitch for reasons other than tears. You whimper softly, pathetically, as your body warms in response to Hux’s ministrations. It feels as though you’re losing, as though your body is betraying you, when you feel yourself grow aroused. Like it’s being played out before you, you can imagine your sex’s lips parted by his fingers, very much like the petals of a flower falling aside to reveal a center expelling a clear dew. A single bead slides quickly from the center to your pearl-like anatomy where it hangs until his fingers gather the wetness. “How can you cry when your cunt is so ready for me?” Hux murmurs, a playful edge to his tone that contradicts every aspect of your situation. You clutch the sheet beneath you and let him nudge your thighs farther apart as his fingers dip into your sex. Desperate to ignore him, you try to remember something else, something warm. A birthday, a cool evening, your favorite book, but the more you grasp for memories, the more they slip away. And perhaps this has more to do with the discomfort that grows with each of his digits added to you, invading you. When he finally penetrates you, he does so quickly as though ripping the scab off of a wound. He groans a lovely low sound that would be heavenly under different circumstances, and wraps his arms around you to embrace you. Holding still for a moment, he lets his lips brush the skin between your shoulderblades. The movement is so intimate that you relax immediately and the initial discomfort of something filling you wanes and is replaced by a warmth and budding desire to be touched and kissed all over. Which only tears an anguished moan from your throat. His fingers return to your clit as he begins to pull out slowly. Your breath catches. Oh, and you thought the worst had come. It feels like he’s taking your insides with his cock and you want him to hurry up so that the agony will be over soon. Coupled with the stretch of him, the sensation of being turned inside out makes you whine. But he enjoys the noises you make and immediately thrusts himself back into you without giving you a moment’s recovery. He kisses your shoulders and neck, his hair falling to graze your skin momentarily. And then he straightens, groping your hips harshly and begins to fuck you with deep, slow thrusts that grow more shallow and quick. Silently, you beg for mercy in a fast end, but he seems determined to keep up. When he swivels his hip so that his cock strikes some spot within you that elicits the sweetest moans and bursts of intense pleasure, your body shakes and you close your eyes. And he notices, continuing to drive himself into that spot as though it pleases him as much as it pleases you. His fingers slip back and forth against your clit, matching the pace of his thrusts. After a while, the torture on your insides is dulled to a minor discomfort easily dominated by the waves of rolling pleasure that build. The tension within you grows and you feel a pressure building within your core like a length of rope being stretched, but in the form of something akin to a tingling deep within you. Your body is awakening and you know it. It terrifies you and, though you want to pull away from his crashing hips and harsh fingers, you find yourself moving to meet Hux’s thrust. Your hands are no longer limp, but reach out for him to hold. And he actually accepts the gesture. Hux intertwines your fingers, running his thumb sweetly and gently along your skin as though you’re lovers. You moan in a mixture of pleasure and a bone splitting sadness. A part of you wants to kiss him because your body begins to feel whole with him like this. Oh, your body is already preparing to miss his and yearn for it while your mind hates him. You sob when your orgasm hits, every muscle in your body constricting and spasming randomly, as you shudder. With your hips rocking against his, your toes curl and you squeeze his hand tightly, murmuring that you hate him over and over again. He keeps thrusting in and out of you, his length twitching and his movements growing more sporadic. You’re sensitive and you swear you can feel each spasm of his length. Suddenly, you try to scramble away from him, realizing why his grip is growing tighter as you come down from your orgasmic haze. And you feel so dirty, even more so, when he mumbles your name tightly, pulls yo harshly against him, and spills into you without warning. His breath is ragged and wild as his grip slackens. For the longest moment, he says nothing. “I’ve never had anyone struggle at the last moment like that,” he says. “I’m sorry,” you whisper, closing your eyes. Hux pulls away from you. You feel his softening penis fall from you along with his semen pushed out of you by the aftershocks of your orgasm. It feels like an impossibly large amount that dribbles along the petals of your sex that is now closing once more in his retreat. You hear his camera begin to click again and then he makes you turn onto your back, spreading your thighs to leave you exposed. You throw your arm over your face and bite your lip as more tears fall while he documents your pain. He only asks for one photograph without your arm covering your face, and then he stands to bathe. “You’ll thank me for this one day.” You run into a familiar face on your way out of Hux’s quarters one evening. Yes, evening . You’ve been called on early because the building is empty for the most part with nearly the entirety of the male population attending debutante balls. They’re in season once more, as they always are at the beginning of each quarter of the year. Some of the females are gone, too, to their own. At any rate, you’re getting dressed when he enters Hux’s quarters without knocking. His face is drawn and serious as he address the young man in a clipped, polite tone. For some reason, his voice is soft, higher than usual and he seems to have folded in upon himself, making his body appear smaller than it is. He winks when he sees you, unfolding for a moment, and you understand. “This is Laurier, my assistant,” Hux says, without turning to face either of you. “He’s one of the few knowledgeable comrades. Should there ever be any incidents , he’ll be the one to alleviate them.” As if on queue, the raven haired boy produces a handkerchief and approaches you. Instead of handing the small square of cloth to you, he wets it on the tip of his tongue and lightly dabs at the corner of your mouth with it, meeting your gaze with grave eyes. His other hand comes up to hold the back of your head as he did that night and you feel safe once more. Your cheeks burn as you realize why he’s cleaning the corner of your mouth when he speaks. “We must be careful and avoid tastelessness when handling matters such as these,” he says, fixing you with a cool gaze. “We wouldn’t want the truth to come out, would we? Some can’t handle it." Chapter 5 : Hello Summary: Hux wants to get rid of his fiancee Notes: This is shorter than usual, but meh Part of what makes Hux so dangerous is the fact that he doesn’t seem nearly as dangerous as he is. In public, he’s calm and unwavering. He can be cruel without a thought or hesitation. His expression rarely shifts from the vaguely disgusted grimace he usually wears. There was a time when he was a sweet thing, when a handsome face and feigned charm weren’t so deceiving. Picture a boy with round cheeks and striking red hair, beautiful pale eyelashes that grazed his youthful cheeks when his eyes fluttered shut, and there’s the image of a boy the world knew would one day be molded into the perfect tiny monster for his father. Picture chubby fingers intertwined with slender digits, clinging with a muted strength to a woman’s hand. Picture his cheeks sticky with the morning’s jam. Picture his eyes still so oblivious to what lay before him. It’s all gone now. He’s visiting his mother for the first time in two many nights. Every time he returns to her, he’s colder, and she knows it. But what’s there to be done when that ice building in him may very well one day be the only thing to save him? Long for the sweet boy, but he’s safer this way, safer hard and closed off with icy eyes. Hux weaves his way through the maze of narrow halls, the noise of the villagers still loud in his ears even within the building. Music plays loudly from some levels below, a live performance in a seedy establishment. The tenants are loud and he can hear them argue, hear a distant thumping of someone being tossed around. The halls reek of urine and alcohol, blood among other bodily fluids. The odor is reminiscent of his childhood and makes his mind flood with the images of warmth in his mother’s arms. Half clothed humans drape themselves around the narrow halls with sunken, staring eyes, and painted face. Golden bands cling to their arms, showing their status. Hux hastens his pace as he passes them, his stomach churning at the sight of boy younger than the youngest Academy students. Their eyes follow him all the way down the hall until he turns into his mother’s apartment. It’s quiet, but he can hear her moving around somewhere. She answers when he calls out, emerging a few moments later with a quiet child on her hip and an older girl closer to his age trailing behind her. Armitage doesn’t recognize them, so he only acknowledges his mother with a curt nod when he sees them. The girl is most likely another poor worker who came to visit his mother with her child, seeking assistance with something. Hux doesn’t have much time. He’s only on the planet for a quick pick up for the Academy and his comrades will be waiting for him soon and if they wait his father will know and if his father knows… he’d rather not know what will come of it. All Hux knows is that his father views the poor woman who carried his child as little more than a weakness, a spot of emotional instability for the young Hux. “I wasn’t expecting you,” his mother says, handing the child over to the girl. “I wasn’t planning to visit,” Hux replies, dismissively. “Oh?” His mother stops short of him, her outstretched hand falling dejectedly back down to her hip. “No, but I’ve missed you, Mother.” Hux pauses, eyeing the girl now hanging back suspiciously before closing the distance between himself and his mother. He takes her hand when she offers it and lets her cup his cheek delicately as if he is still a fragile thing. “The Academy is on holiday. I met my future wife a few days ago.” “Did you like her?” “Father…” Hux scowls at the mysterious girl. “Matters to be discussed in privacy… You don’t need to hear the details anyway…” This will be his only chance to contact his mother for what may very well be another year, but what’s there to be done? He has no time, he can’t send letters, he’s not meant to know where she is, yet here he is. There’s that weak longing his father is always telling him to ignore. But it’s rooted only in a desire to be honest with just one person in the universe who isn’t afraid he’ll kill them, just one human who cares deeply for him. Yes, even monsters want to confide in someone and be loved. Such is partially his reason for constantly picking up people like you. To be obeyed, to be intimate in comparison to being understood and cared for. He doesn’t see himself ever loving anyone, and he doesn’t see himself ever being loved by anyone. It doesn’t bother him, but he’s human at his core. He still yearns for companionship. “I’m not in love with her,” Hux says finally. “I don’t even want to touch her, but I’ll do as I must.” He’s not a tragic love story. He’s simply like any other affluent member of society marrying for power rather than affection. Of course, he knows he’s meant to be civil to his future wife, but he can’t even be civil with a person he regularly fucks. Is it that, though? At any rate, he’s trying not to dwell on the subject of romance or sex in relation to his future because he doesn’t see this engagement going anywhere. “But if I can get rid of her, I will.” You wake to a stillness that is at first unnerving until you turn onto your side and take in the sight of your empty bunk. The dread building in you rolls off of you, falling away from your body like the unnecessary thing it is because no one will burn tonight. No one will be here tonight, save for the few students who are staying because they have no business off campus for the next gathering of days. The Academy attempts to avoid holidays, but recognizes that a vast majority of its students will amount to nothing in the scheme of things. The brightest will go on to be lieutenants, commanders, generals, captains, and the like, while the majority will revert to their familial statuses as disciplined young adults. Which is exactly why events such as the Burning aren’t close to ending. They’re cleansings of sorts. The weak would have gone on to either ruin their family names or returned to the lives of average beings. Or they would have usurped positions of power from golden blooded comrades such as Hux or even yourself. Yes, your blood is respected. But you aren’t. You’d like to believe you’d be a better student if you weren’t so terrified of your comrades. The only reason you’re improving is because you’ve been trying to fill your mind with things other than memories of Hux which means training harder than ever. Today, though, you know you’ll spend taking easy. The place between your thighs throbs painfully. It seems every encounter with Hux grows worse and worse, as though he wants you to suffer. You get out of bed, moving slowly through stretches until the stiffness of your body has left you. And then you stand by the window, basking in the pale light that pours in through the bars on the windows. You can hear people moving about in the hallway, but for a moment, the world is solely yours and you’re unafraid of reality, willing to sleep because you don’t fear seeing him in the realm of unconsciousness, and the stale air feels like sunlight on your skin. But it’s only a moment. Soon you’re a student again and you know he’ll call for you soon because he has nothing better to do. Sighing, you work your features into an impassive facade before dressing and leaving your quarters. The idea of Laurier being both Hux’s minion and the leader of an underground revolution bothers you. It’s been bothering you for days since you found out. In both roles, he seems sincere and true. There’s never anything wavering in him. He’s a stone either way he plays himself, but you believe he’s loyal to his rebellion. Perhaps that’s only because you’re deluding yourself into being hopeful. Perhaps you don’t want to see the part of him like Hux simply because you spend every moment out of the young Hux’s company trying to cleanse yourself of him. You’re growing weary. A fatigue that can’t be fought clings to you like the cold and you don’t sleep because you both expect to be called and can’t close your eyes without feeling him. Every morning, you jolt awake. There are no dreams, only a desire to escape. You’d never considered an arranged marriage seriously before, but lately your mother’s hopeful letters are too tempting. You want to be strong, you want to be a part of the downfall of the Republic, but you feel ruined, too ruined to be of any use. All because of Hux. Because the fear of the Burning hadn’t terrified you to the point of losing sleep every night. Laurier is waiting for you outside of your room, wearing a coy smile. He seems to look through you rather than at you and you wait patiently for him to speak, trying not to seem too curious about his good mood. You know you’re not supposed to be too familiar with him at moments even like this, so you say nothing and treat him with the same formality you face any other comrade with. “Is this his way of telling me my morning is his?” you ask. “But it is not entirely his, nor entirely yours, perhaps a portion to each, but not entirely to either,” Laurier replies, waving his hand and motioning you forward. You’re not in the mood for playing games, so you choose to ignore Laurier for the rest of the walk to Hux’s quarters. Your throat grows tight with each step closer to him until it feels like it’ll collapse upon itself, but it doesn’t. There’s something in the air, a lingering scent of sweet perfume and the presence of someone dainty and desiring to preserve their fragility. Apprehension bubbles in your stomach. You step into his room, but Laurier stops outside with a look of absolute glee written across his features. And then suddenly you understand why. “Who is she, Armitage?” You narrow your eyes at the girl, more confused than irritated by a mixture of the surprise of her presence and the question. Your eyes dart automatically to the wall, searching for your picture, but there’s nothing there. Frowning, your head swivels back to Hux who looks like he’s more or less trying to shake the girl off of his arm like she’s an irritating thing. You get the sense that he’s been doing this for a while and simply doesn’t have the will to try anymore. For a short moment, you’re filled with hope because there’s a new girl to replace you, but you know better than to assume that. You know Hux would never allow one of his toys to cling like that. “Mittie, who is she?” she asks. She looks like a doll with her small mouth and large eyes, her clear skin and slender body, her frilly, childish gown, and curled, pale hair. She looks out of place in this room, but not because of the furniture. Brimming with life in a room that has watched your degradation night upon night upon night. Scowling at you, she tugs more insistently at her dear Mittie ’s arm. You’re sickened. Bile rises in your throat at the way she holds him like she’s possessive of him. Fighting back the urge to tell her to run away before she really knows him, you give Hux your full attention somewhat hesitantly. It feels strange to not be entirely alone in his quarters, but he makes no move to make the girl go, he only steps toward you, shaking her off. “Show her what you are to me,” he says, softly. Your bottom lip trembles and you close your eyes. You don’t know what’s going on between him and the girl, but you know you don’t want to do this in front of her. Oh, you don’t want to do it at all. And Laurier knew, but gave you no warning… You don’t know who you hate more in the moment. Still, you sink to your knees in front of Hux, your eyes never leaving his until he grabs your chin and angles your face toward the girl. “Look into Cressida’s eyes while you do it.” So you do because you know your life depends on it. Your eyes don’t leave her as you fumble with his belt the way you always do. They don’t waver even when confusion meets your gaze, and her eyes flicker from you to Hux as though she expects him to make you stop though he’s the one who told you to do this. Feeling his palm on your cheek, his fingers stroking lightly at your burning skin, you want to cry, you feel your stomach twist with an overwhelming anxiety, but you keep your face emotionless and continue. She looks away the moment you take his penis into your mouth as you’ve done so many times before, and she stares at him. You can hear him moaning exaggeratedly and you know he’s probably tilting his head back, wearing an expression of pure bliss to rub it in her face. Her features are the image of inner turmoil. The years of high society’s training keep her from acting, but you know she wants to. You imagine there was a time when you were as subservient without the threat of death hanging over your head. Eventually, she simply stands and watches you with eyes like a wounded animal. You know you should feel a bit more regret, but a part of you is flooded with relief because you think this will keep her away. She seems so soft and pure being ruined by witnessing something she didn’t want to see. When it’s all over, she says nothing, and he says nothing, and she watches him, and he watches you. Chapter 6 : Actors Summary: Hux is acting strange, but it truly is only an act Notes: Usually sundays are supposed to be my writing days, but, ya know, merry chrysler, so I took a break, but then I felt bad and wanted to get a chapter out today, so it's really late and rushed, but here it is! The rain begins again on a quiet afternoon. You’re in the garden when it starts, quietly observing the flora there. There’s nothing to see but plants so ugly they’re beautiful and scuttling creatures weaving their way around puddles and roots, so you’re not exactly reluctant to return to the building when the rain begins softly at first. Still, you hesitate beneath the light downpour, glancing at the darkened windows. A figure stands silent, a silhouette that nearly blends into the grimy window. But they’re there, watching, waiting, too patient for your comfort. It seems Hux had become preoccupied with your presence since… well, since . He hasn’t called on you in the two days between then and now, but he’s been lurking like a shadow just out of sight, but undeniably there. He relieved Ben of the task of watching you, or at least it appears to be so. Averting your gaze, you slip into the building pulling your jacket tighter around you. If he wants to stare and be quiet, so be it. It’s preferable to being made to please him to entertain his guests. You’d rather be watched by him than be watched by that girl again. Oh, there was something wretched in her gaze as she watched you leave then . Cressida has taken to following Hux, watching him watch you, but you wouldn’t know that if Ben hadn’t mentioned it, amused, in passing earlier. A part of you wishes the red haired young man would focus on the fair girl and leave you alone. She’s not a pet, though. She’s a groomed girl with money and power and no desire to be degraded for the sake of preserving her being. How lucky… You’re filled with envy just thinking about it. You feel completely and utterly naive now that you know. The girl has her eyes bound to Hux and, yet, you thought you were scaring her off, helping her, when he had you on your knees for her. Bile rises in your throat. The scene replays in your mind. You taste him on your tongue, that familiar bitter taste filling your mouth, the sticky consistency mixing with your saliva. A coldness settles over your chest. The only reason you’ve been able to sleep is because the cleaners complained about your shrieking in the night. All it takes is one shot a few minutes before curfew, and you no longer wake screaming. No, in your sleep the screams build in your throat, but are stuck behind your lips. And you suffer the night through without pause. There are no breaks between nightmares. There are simply points in which the situation progresses from sickening to horrifying. His pale hands, icy eyes, chapped lips, hair like flames’ lashing tongues. The walk to the bunks is quiet and devoid of life. There’s a layer of dust settling over things as it does whenever these breaks fall and the cleaners, who are really only the scholarship students, allow their ethic to dull. All of the doors are shut tightly. Silence feels deafening. You seek to fill the corridors with something other than the quiet, walking so that your feet tap against the floors a bit louder than necessary. She’s waiting for you. On your bed, flipping through the pages of the journal you kept your first year at the academy. Her flaxen hair is loose, the curls frizzy and wild. There are circles beneath her eyes, her face clear of makeup and deathly pale. She wears a thin gown, a thin strap hanging off one narrow shoulder. “You know, you always look like you’re about to cry,” Cressida says, softly. You say nothing. “But I’ve only ever really seen you up close now and when you performed fellatio on my fiancé.” Her eyes shift to your face, resting there a moment. You avert your gaze, standing awkwardly just inside the room. A coldness settles over your chest, wrapping icy fingers around your heart and making every movement of your diaphragm painful. “I’m not jealous,” Cressida murmurs. “It happens to everyone. In fact, I’m quite pleased to see Armitage being so open, honest, with me.” “Do you hear yourself?” you blurt out, frowning. “Do you see yourself?” she replies, waving her hand dismissively. “He doesn’t touch me. Perhaps that can be changed…” You look away again, catching the way she looks at you, a kind of wonder in her eyes. It’s the look children get when they see images of soldiers, generals, the way people look at Hux sans the fear. Like you’re someone to be admired. The look feels like something dirty caught beneath your skin. The only thing she’s seen you do, you don’t want to be admired for that. “Armitage asked me to deliver these to you.” She holds out two boxes, both thin and rectangular, but one much larger than the other. She walks over to you and offers the larger box to you first, her eyes shining with glee. “What are they?” You take the box and hold it gingerly, eyeing it apprehensively. “You’ll like it,” she whispers. You know you won’t. You can feel that much from the lightness of the package in comparison to the eager way she watches you, holding the smaller parcel close to her body as though she’s saving it for later. For her to stick around even after… There must be something terribly wrong with her, you’re sure of it. She doesn’t seem desperate, only entertained. Lingerie. It’s all thin strips of fabric not meant to cover anything modest. No, its sole purpose is to put everything on display as though you’re naked. Hux will need only to push aside a small bit of fabric to penetrate you. The sight of it makes your blood run cold. “He demanded that you wear it when you see him.” “When?” “Well, he’s been waiting all morning.” A smile crosses her lips, tilting her head. “He asked me to make sure you put it on. He wants you to wear only that when you see him.” “He wants me to walk in the hallways like this? There’s nothing to this! I’ll be naked.” You shake your head, but you know you’ll do as he says because it’s what you must do. “Well, what are you waiting for?” She taps her foot, expectantly. “That other box is for me, too, isn’t it?” You ask, stalling, as your cheeks burn with embarrassment. You know you’re not allowed to tell her to go if she wants to watch you like a hawk. She’s like Hux in a way, flexing her authority, but with the most innocent, girlish smile. “He doesn’t want you to open it until he’s with you. You should start getting dressed or he’ll be angry…” She giggles and steps away from you to view you fully. You turn your back to her and peel off each layer of your leasure wear until you stand bare before her. It’s the same as the first time you undressed for Hux, but this time you're not afraid. Such lack of fear allows humiliation to penetrate your being with an unspeakable intensity until you feel as though the kindest option the world could offer would be to end itself. You dress quickly before fixing your hair, styling it away from your face with the thought of keeping his semen out of it. But the styling is useless because you know he’ll ruin it without much prompting before he gives you the chance to protest. You wouldn’t protest. You don’t want to anger him or do anything to irritate him. Cressida’s eyes never leave you. When you turn, you get the feeling that she’s scrutinizing you. He face screws up in concentration as though she’s trying to reason out a non sequitur. Smiling dazedly, for the briefest of moments her inner anguish flashes in her eyes. “I don’t understand what you have that I don’t,” she says, and her smile falters. Her eyes are empty, unbelievably so. “Does he see you every night?” You shake your head and bring your hands up to cover your chest. Not every night. But enough to make it feel like a routine. “Do you only pleasure him, or does he touch you, too?” “It depends.” There’s no more conversation on the way to Hux’s room. Cressida watches you with a startling vigilance, but remains civil and silent. She hands the box to you before you slip into his room and she doesn’t attempt to follow you in or call out to Hux. You get the feeling that she’s not allowed in by the pleading look that fills her eyes. Hux smiles when he sees you, a genuine smile that isn’t a smirk or little more than a grimace. He moves to walk over to you and stumbles slightly. A pink hue colors his cheeks as bright as the ribbons Cressida wears in her hair. For a moment, he glances around as if utterly confused, but quickly recovers. You know Hux. You know the color of his hair when it’s wet, the pink that rises to the surface of his skin when he’s soaked in steaming bath for too long, the way his skin prunes for the same reason, and the way wetness clings to his lashes after he bathes like dew on grass early in the morning. He’s not the subject of a romance. And he’s not an object affected by affections. No, he’s just a man, more or less a stranger. You don’t even want to consider him a man, but this is someone or something different tonight. As you watch him, he draws a finger across his glistening lips. His eyes drink in the sight of you unabashedly. A low groan escapes him and his smile returns, this time tainted by eroticism. “Look at you,” he murmurs. “Absolutely stunning .” You shift uncomfortably, unsure of how to react to his good mood. “What?” He tilts his head and his eyes flash as his smile takes on a sinister edge. There he is, the usual him. “Are you incapable of accepting a compliment?” “Thank you,” you whisper, looking into the familiar cool irides. “You haven’t opened the gift yet, have you?” Hux asks, stopping before you. “No, not yet.” You glance down at the pale box and then back up at the young man. “And that brat didn’t tell you what’s inside?” He gestures toward the door before addressing it, or, rather, Cressida , yelling, “You’ll do well to quit your meddling, you spoiled little bitch.” “No, she didn’t tell me anything other than you said not to open it.” He nods, scowling at you, before taking the box. “You remember what I told you when we began this, right?” “That you’d protect me,” you whisper. “How does that relate to this?” he asks, coolly. “Use your head. You’re not the daft clinging thing outside. You know I’m being kinder than usual. What did I say?” “That you wouldn’t develop romantic feelings for me,” you answer, and an unwarranted relief floods you. You hadn’t realized you expected something more from the gesture of affection. “Good girl.” He smirks at you. “These are rewards for your little show the other night.” You nod and watch him open the small box, holding it carefully in his white hands. He lifts the lid slowly, tilting the box so that you can’t easily see the contents. But you know it’s a necklace when he lifts it from the box. A thin necklace with a chain woven with thin, silver links that give off a fragile appearance. Hux walks around you, obviously satisfied with himself. He speaks as he places the necklace around your neck and secures it, clipping it shut. Though it lay physically light, virtually unnoticeable against your skin, it feels as heavy and foreboding as a noose. “I’ve been drinking spirits, so forgive me for my inarticulacy, but I believe it is said that men give women jewelry for the same reason people give their pets collars.” His lips brush your neck as he peers at the necklace over your shoulder. He balances the pendant of his house’s crest on the tip of his index finger and his warm breath fans out across your skin like muted flames against you. “Do you know why people make their pets wear collars?” You bite your lip, unwilling to play along with him. Still, you mull over the concept of Hux lacking in sobriety. As you’re wondering how he’ll be when he takes you, he responds to his own question. “Of course you do, you’re only being stubborn.” He chuckles dryly to himself. “It’s to show possession. I own you, sweet thing. Say that, tell me I own you.” “You own me, Master,” you whisper. Your stomach churns. “You’re mine.” “I’m yours, Master.” The man strokes your hair slowly. “Yes, you’re mine. Your body is mine. Your career is mine. Your life is mine.” His hands fall upon your breast, palms covering your bare nipples hardened by the coolness of the corridors. Falling slowly down your body, his hands take in your form while you hold your breath. It isn’t often that the young Hux takes his time and caresses you, knowing your body. Even when he takes you, he usually avoids any unnecessary contact. Now, as his hands flow over your body as easily and smoothly as water flowing over pebbles, you understand why. It’s nearly romantic, the way he takes his time savoring your form. “You may call me Armitage,” he murmurs, and his voice isn’t entirely his. Your body warms and you close your eyes, for once enjoying the way he touches you for this is not Hux, but someone entirely different. These careful digits don’t belong to Hux. They’re too careful and lithe. Oh, how can he be so meticulous while inebriated? He’s lighting a flame of hope in you and you know it. It’s a trap, you think, but what is he luring you into with his wet lips on your neck, his warm touch caressing softly your nipples, teasing them until they’re fully erect? Vigilance slips away from you. Armitage guides you to the bed so slowly, yet swiftly, that you don’t realize what he’s done until your there. Occasionally, his fingers dig harshly into your flesh. When he turns you around and gazes into your eyes, even his eyes aren’t his. His bed is an oasis and he doesn’t have to ask you to spread your legs, doesn’t have to force them apart, because your body responds perfectly to this new side of him and all the while, your mind keeps replaying all the terrible things he’s ever done to you. It feels as though he’s kissing the wounds he’s left on your mind when he kisses your lips like a starving lover reunited with his darling after a time apart. Has such a short absence really made him this way? What’s he doing? Where’s his camera? Shouldn’t you be on your knees? But you’re not. Instead, you’ve become a tangled extension of him. He pushes aside the strip of fabric that covers your sex, kissing his way down your body as he does. You grip his sheets when his mouth meets your folds, tongue carefully parting the skin wetted by your desire for this new side of the young man. Still, a sense of panic lingers in your mind. This must be the calm before the storm. Armitage is beautiful between your thighs. Beautiful . With his hair falling into glassy eyes gazing up at you to measure your reaction to even the smallest flick of his tongue until he finds the rhythm you like. His fingers spread across your stomach, his palm pinning your hips down. The veins of his arm are pronounced and the sight of them only lights your already burning flame. When he comes back up to kiss you with that unfamiliar hunger, he peels off the useless fabric covering your skin and plunges his member deep within you. And from there you’re lost. From there, you’re his, but you’re not. You belong to Armitage and he belongs to you. And you don’t stop until it feels as though time has stopped for you and it’s impossible to tell if it’s day or night. When you lay completely worn out and tangled in his sheets, your body still thrumming with the electricity of satisfaction, he gazes at you, sobering slowly. As he sobers, his eyes grow cooler and the panic that had been subdued grows harder to ignore, but he catches you while you’re still dreaming. “You wouldn’t lie to me, would you?” Armitage whispers. “No,” you promise. “They’re doing something, aren’t they?” You can’t bring yourself to speak, so you nod instead. There’s no turning back now. Funny, you can’t help but think, how you’ve worked yourself into so many corners like this where turning back is no longer an option. Laurier is calm when he comes to collect you just outside of Hux’s quarter’s, sobbing and pulling at the gown Hux gave you to wear for the sake of decency. It’s late and he’s obviously tired, but he lets you babble on without asking for you to repeat yourself, catching every word as it falls from your lips until there is nothing left to catch. And then there is a long pause in which he processes everything down to the finest detail. Then and only then do the questions begin. He speaks softly and pats your back reassuringly. “And did you tell him any names?” he asks, his voice sounding like a song. “I don’t know any names.” You wipe your cheeks clumsily as a superior officer passes the two of you. “Mine?” “No,” you whisper. “Shame, I would have liked to become a martyr for the cause,” he murmurs. Laurier pauses suddenly to roll a makeshift cigarette. He hums as he works, nodding his head to the tune. It’s a song popular with older people, a sad love song about an idiot boy and a clever girl who is outsmarted by the idiot. “You should have come to me earlier,” the raven haired boy says, sighing. “No, I should’ve come to you… But I enjoy the show too much sometimes… I lose myself from time to time.” “Should we be worried?” “You? No,” Laurier says. He tilts his head from side to side as though mentally weighing his options. “As long as your body works, Hux won’t let anything happen to you.” You pause, staring at him. “You look surprised…” Laurier stands and begins to walk again. “But it’s true. It may seem that he has a constant supply of comrades to take advantage of, but he needs them desperate. The kind of girls who would thank him for buying a scarf if he watched their village burn. You know the type, desperate and destitute. But that’s all beside the point. The point is that Hux won’t be getting rid of you any time soon because he’s a sick bastard with the taste of a sicker bastard and most of the girls here aren’t easily trapped.” “What are you saying?” “You have a small power over him. If he can convince himself you’re innocent, he’ll always defend you,” Laurier says. “And he’ll always think you’re innocent as long as you’re begging him.” “What are you going to do?” you ask, softly. “Run, of course. We’ll meet again. Two nights after the rest return. We’ll speak then.” Chapter 7 : Let This Be a Warning Summary: Hux and Laurier seek to obtain your loyalty and respect Notes: Trigger Warning: Blood, Violence, Self Inflicted Body Mutilation You’re just emerging from a near sleep when you hear it: a scream. A door slams open somewhere in the distance. There’s the noise of a struggle. It’s a noise reminiscent of the beginning of the Burning, but not quite without the noise of a multitude of feet on the floor and ominous chanting. Somehow, the lack of such feels more eerie, foreboding. Your bunkmates are waking, crowding around the door, but not leaving. One speaks, quietly relaying what he sees. You sit up and glance around, squinting in the darkness, too fatigued to be fully thrust into the panic and dread filling the dorm. There’s a thought scratching at the back of your mind, trying to piece something together that won’t fit. It’s a shattered vase missing a fragment. But you know better than to stay in bed, seeing the last few of your bunkmates slipping out of their bunks. You walk quickly toward the door, masking your unease with a feigned curiosity. “What is it? What’s going on?” you murmur, forcing your way to the door. Whatever’s going on must be terrible or they’d be in the corridor. When students are pulled from their bunks for punishment, your comrades spill out to watch. If there’s something to be seen, you’ve always known your comrades to watch without shame, as though the happening occurred solely for their entertainment. “The doors are locked ,” someone says, and the bunk falls silent as you exchange grave looks. The corridor goes silent. You prepare to retreat to your bed, confused with your mind racing. A burst of static fills the dorm, growing louder with each passing breath. Every soul seems to pause as if time itself has reached them all, slowing their bodies. “A group of your comrades has been working to undo everything we have built. They seek to ruin us. To ruin our vision. They’re animals, blind rebels brainwashed by the ideals of the Republic.” Hux . Not his father, but Armitage. A tremor runs through you and you close your eyes, shaking your head. It’s a movement easily misread by your comrades, each showing their own form of disdain for the topic of a group of rebellious students. They whisper disgustedly, tossing out the names of those they view as weak, guessing blindly who might be involved. Someone pats your shoulders, murmuring in agreement as they shake their head, too. Your eyes widen, but you say nothing, show nothing, for fear of giving yourself away. There’s nothing here to stop them from tearing you apart, from tearing anyone apart with their bare hands. They already look so angry, betrayed, as though they’ve faced the comrades being carted away for an adequate punishment. The pale light of an illuminated screen brings you back to reality. You wrestle free of coils of suffocating thoughts as your comrades fall in upon each other, pushing to view the scene playing out before them. A bare room furnished only with six chairs. Your eyes widen. Only six. There were more. There are more people involved, but there are only six on the screen, all with shaking shoulders. Tears mix with snot running in streams down their faces. There are six blasters pressed against their temples, faceless strangers standing behind them ready to take the murdering shot. You bite your lip and watch, with a blank face. A smile spreads across your lips to mimic the smirks of your comrades. You start the round of cheers, eager to fake eagerness. And inside you are ice because you know this isn’t the end, because you know Hux has been holding back since he got you, waiting patiently for the perfect opportunity to lash out. This is it. Everything else has been the calm before the storm . Everything else has been nothing but a ruse, a taste of suffering mixed with bliss like blood and wine swirling in a glass. “This is what happens to dissenters. This is what happens to those who desire chaos. This is the entropy they so desire ,” Hux says. You can picture his expression, his lips curling into a pleased grimace. Someone screams when it happens. Beside you, a scream rings out in the silence, one of pure terror, as the bodies slump all at once. The scene lingers before your eyes, taunting you, as someone else’s palm shoots up to muffle the terrified scream. The screamer thrashes , his eyes widening, and you know he’s never seen it before: death. “Let this be a warning. Anyone who tries to break the chain of order will be disposed of.” The message is heard. You quit. You can’t avoid Laurier or Hux for long. Still, you spend your three days of reprieve doing just that. And it works. For a while. You eat breakfast earlier than usual, retire to your bunk earlier, but not too early to avoid drawing attention to yourself. You adjust your bathing schedule, bathing in the middle of the day during your allotted leisure time. Otherwise, you make sure you’re never far from an instructor because you know Hux is too preoccupied with keeping up appearances to let anyone in on your agreement who doesn’t need to know about it. He cares too much about what his father thinks of him. But Hux knows you too well already The moment you get antsy he sends for you in the form of Laurier. Laurier has been watching you since you missed the scheduled meeting. He won’t mention it, but the small act of cowardice terrifies him. He’s been planning the bulk of your plans around your loyalty to him, to the small rebellion. Fear from you is something he can’t have. No, it’s something that must not be . He’s thinking of this when Hux summons him to his quarters. It’s always an effort to transform into the submissive right hand man he was born to be for Hux when he spent the entire night loathing the man. Still, he sits with the fiery haired male, imbibing spirits and smoking cigarettes stolen from the instructors’ wing as though they’re friends. Laurier turns the conversation to you when Hux mentions the punishment of the rebels. “Your pet seems to be lacking in…” Laurier trails off, glancing at Hux . Hux frowns, glares at the raven haired male expectantly. “Forgive me, it’s nothing.” Laurier chuckles to himself, and waits. “Lacking in what?” Hux snaps, scowling. “Well, it’s only that she’s certainly something.” Laurier stares into the liquid in his cup. “Involving herself with a group like that while devoted to you… It’s disrespectful.” Hux falls straight into the trap. He stands suddenly, tossing his glass against the wall in a fit of drunken rage. Laurier is right. What you’re doing is blatant disrespect. He saves your life and this is how you repay him? And he’d been forced to draw the information from you because you wouldn’t share it with him. Where was your loyalty? He’d been so busy trying to unravel the workings of the tiny rebellion (which really isn’t as small as he thinks it is) that he hadn’t stopped to analyze your behavior. You don’t fear him enough. There’s no respect, that much is obvious. Otherwise you would have volunteered your knowledge before he had to ask you if you were involved . And you’re such a terrible liar. He hadn’t truly suspected you were involved when he first warned you of the rebellion, but those guilty eyes had been so easy to read. And he’d let you play because he knew it would all lead up to this. He’d known you would be affected by the message. He didn’t consider the matter any further. But now. He can’t let this be. Perhaps, you’re afraid now, terrified even, but you have no reason to refrain from straying as things stand now. Fear will fade. It must be instilled constantly, or you’ll grow complacent. He can’t let you become comfortable playing like the little traitor you are. He’ll have to show you what you’ll face if you want to play both sides. He’ll have to show you the consequences, the price you’ll pay. Hux is usually stable. He prides himself in his calm demeanor and ability to handle himself even when he wants nothing more than to let his rage consume him, but he’s inebriated. His resolve has dulled. The more sadistic parts of him he’s been trying so desperately to forget, to move on from, claw at the edges of his being. He knows he should save this anger for a cause, turning it into passion, but he suddenly wants to ensure your submission. He wants to see you in the same light as his previous pets. He’s been far too lenient. However, there’s solid reasoning beside such leniency. He grows messy when he purges sexually as he once did. He must control himself. “I’m sure she’s already scheming again,” Laurier says, pleased to see his superior so upset. “Bring her to me now.” He doesn’t want to control himself. Laurier can barely contain his excitement as he hurries from Hux ’s quarters. He knows you just need a stronger reason to want take Hux down. Right now, you’re too hopeful. You’re too submissive. You still view Hux as a savior of sorts for keeping you alive and you don’t believe you can take the man down. All he has to do is make you upset enough to feel that you can take Hux down with his help. And then everything else will fall into place. It’s late and the corridors are quiet. He feels like singing as he draws closer and closer to your bunk. When he reaches your door, he walks twice back and forth before it as he always does to gain your attention. Your heart sinks when you hear his footsteps, that familiar foreboding noise. You drag yourself out of bed, ridding yourself of your underwear before you slip out of the room. As usual, no one says anything to you. If they notice, they know better than to meddle. “You missed the meeting,” Laurier says the moment you’re in the corridor with him. “I can’t do that anymore…” You don’t look at him, but begin to walk toward Hux’s quarters. “Now is not the time for you to run,” he murmurs, softly, “Now is the time to mourn the loss of our brothers and sisters.” “What are you saying? They’ll kill us all and film it.” Your lip trembles. “Death has always been a part of the deal.” “Well, you never said I couldn’t leave,” you hiss, stopping suddenly. “I said I’d die for you for I am your guide and I am devoted to you,” Laurier says, and he sounds like Ben again, like the boy from the meeting whose eyes filled you with hope. “And I will protect you.” “Don’t you get it?” You shake your head before meeting his eyes burning brightly in the darkness. You wish you could see his face without the shadows to read his expression. “You can’t protect me. You couldn’t protect them.” “They died for the cause,” Laurier growls, losing his composure. He wants to reach out and strangle you where you stand. How can you speak like that when you knew from the beginning what it meant to know the truth? You knew what was on the line. He forces himself to calm down. He can’t take Hux down alone. He needs the man distracted. He needs you. Hux will tell you things, things he’ll never tell Laurier, and he needs to know those things. “The cause? What have you done beside spew nonsense about family and martyrdom?” You step back, away from the young man. “You claim to care about justice, but you help Hux . You help him hurt me. You don’t have to do that.” “And I suppose Cressida doesn’t have to either.” Laurier reaches blindly for you in the dark, gripping your shoulders tightly and dragging you back to him. “Every damn thing here is about keeping up appearances. People lie to push their own agendas. We’re born into roles. I mean, look at you. You were on your knees in front of Cressida with her fiancé's cock in your mouth without a word of protest because you know ! You know your place. And you were willing to accept it because you know he’ll let you die if you don’t.” You stumble when Laurier lets go of you, but you rush him, shoving him against the wall the moment you’re steady. Your fingers wrap around his throat, but you know your anger is misguided . He’s only telling the truth. His Adam’s apple bobs beneath your digits, his pulse thrumming smoothly against your thumbs. You could kill him now. You let go. It’s not his fault. “If you want your justice, get it yourself,” he spits, leaning so that his nose brushes yours. Laurier grins when your fist connects with his jaw. He’s won. You’re angry and you’ll only grow angrier after Hux is through with you. He shuffles, trying to right himself. It takes all of his focus to keep the glee from his voice when he speaks next. “You know who can help you.” “I can’t,” you cry. “This is it for me until I leave this godforsaken place.” Hux grabs you the moment you step into his room. His fingers wind themselves in your hair and he drags you by the strands. Confused and paralyzed by the sudden attack, your legs fall limp and you sink to your knees for a moment. Panic takes over quickly and you reach for something to anchor yourself while he pulls mercilessly at your locks. The pain is unexpected , excruciating for the simple fact that it’s unexpected. He reeks of alcohol and his eyes are wild, bloodshot, as he drags you without care over the broken glass the crunches beneath his boots. A cold note of sadistic amusement escapes him when you cry out at the feeling of tiny shards lodging themselves in your skin, embedding themselves in the flesh that burns from the friction of being literally dragged. Your hands wrap around his wrists to no avail. He kicks at your shoulders and elbows until you relent. In reality, it only takes a few seconds to drag you to the foot of his bed, but the pain slows times, turning seconds to long stretches of suffering. There are tears in your eyes and your throat burns when he finally tosses you down as though he can’t stand to touch you any more than he absolutely has to. You whimper pathetically as you stare down at the shredded skin of your knees, the fragments of glass sticking out from the flesh-colored crimson. Your blood smears down your legs. Your fingers shake as you shield the wounds from Hux as though you expect him to aim for them next. Your scalp burns and throbs, but you force back any signs of distress as well as you can as your vision blurs with tears. You could take the humiliation, but you don’t remember agreeing to be his combat dummy to live without the fear of being killed by your peers. You glare Hux through your tears, which only seems to anger him. He grabs your jaw, and kneels, meeting your eyes with a crazed gaze. His visage has warped into something terrifying. “Don’t think I’ve forgotten you’re one of them.” He draws his hand back and slaps you with enough force to make small bursts of color explode in your vision. “I have been nothing but good to you and you… You betray me.” His voice is once more deceivingly calm. He stands and walks to his desk. Lighting a cigarette, he doesn’t acknowledge you. And you begin to unfold your body, but think better of it. This is all a show of power. It’ll end if you submit quickly. You clear your mind of all urges to flee, telling yourself to behave, that he’ll be good to you as long as you obey. You want nothing more than to obey by the time he approaches you again. A piece of you shrivels with disgust when you lean toward him with pleading eyes. “I’m sorry, Master,” you say, clasping your hands before you and lowering your head. You want to die. Bile rises in your throat. Every word that escapes you inspires feelings of intense self loathing. “Prove it,” Hux says, simply. He tosses a belt at you and waits. “You want me to punish myself?” you ask, staring apprehensively at the leather garment. Hux doesn’t answer verbally, but moves to stand behind you. Your gown tears easily in his hands. He tears the fabric away from your body and it rips with a resonating hiss. “Prove how sorry you are,” Hux growls. With quaking digits, you grab the belt. Your fingers wrap around the metal, but pause when Hux tsks behind you. Biting your lip, you lower your head as you twist the other end around your hand once. You toss the belt over your shoulder, wincing at the sound of metal on metal. You draw your arm back slowly, inhaling deeply. Closing your eyes, you stiffen as you bring the belt down as hard as you can. A sob tears itself from your lips as the metal makes its impact. Hux counts as you repeat the action over and over again until you can no longer focus on the number he spits out between drags of his cigarette. It persists, hit after hit, lash after lash, each one more painful than the last to tender skin set aflame by continued abuse. The pain crescendos, rising with Hux’s enjoyment of the situation until he lets you stop. Blood rolls down your back from open wounds that burn with the slightest movement of your diaphragm. You draw in short, small breaths as your body spasms with each sob that rolls through you and even with your back a mural painted in your blood, Hux still isn’t satisfied. He offers you his cigarette, knowing he’s taking things too far, but he wants to see how far you’ll go, how much you’re willing to endure to save yourself in the long run. There are tears in his eyes as he surveys the damage, knowing that you won’t turn to look at him. It was a common form of punishment for the human servants. It was a way of saying that the master was too good to even beat the worker with their own hands. It was also the only form of punishment that his mother couldn’t stand to hear about. The thought of his mother curled up as you are now sickens him. He wants to stop, but he can’t. “Mark your wrist,” he says, wiping his face quickly. He hates you for making him all too aware of his cruelty. Perhaps it’s the drink making him this way. You don’t try to hide your anguish when the burning tip of the cigarette meets your skin. The pain makes your head spin. You feel completely and utterly ruined and all at your own hand. All Hux had to do was hand you the belt and cigarette, and tell you to punish yourself, and you did it. But you had no other choice. Your vision darkens around the edges. Trying to stand, you collapse. His voice is soft, but you can’t comprehend what he’s saying. There are gentle hands lifting your body. Something warm and wet spatters on your face like the first drop of rain on your cheek telling you to go inside. He’s made you your own enemy. You have to escape him. Chapter 8 : Response Summary: Medication leaves you numb. There's something great going on around you and you feel nothing. Notes: This chapter is actually pretty tame. Warning for some gore toward the end, though. Also it's finals week for me so I lost studying hours to write this which I was salty about, so it probably also sucks, but it's here so yay You’re not permitted to leave your room, but the medics gossip so frequently that all news circulates toward you eventually. All it takes is closed eyes and soft breathing and they immediately spew every secret they know the second they think you’re unconscious. Which is more often than not because whatever they prescribed leaves you in a trance. You can’t remember the last time you attended a class. That’s mostly because you’ve lost all sense of time during your stay. The good news is that they contacted your parents and you’re allowed to contact them whenever the whim hits. Usually, you avoid speaking to them for fear of a comrade seeing and viewing you as the type to run to your parents the moment something goes wrong. But in the medical ward everyone is weak because there’s rarely anyone else conscious enough to recognize one sick comrade. Most have to be forced into the wing or are escorted when they inevitably collapse. “Thirteen gone without a trace,” a medic is saying, his formal tone slipping. “You don’t think…?” There must be an exchange there that you can’t see. “Brendol shouldn’t have let his boy do what he did,” the medic says after a long pause. “They were criminals.” “Yeah, well, there were obviously more of them. Parents are pulling funds because of it.” He sighs, paces. “The students are all bloodthirsty little shits.” You wince as you shift, your eyes opening slowly. The words come to you as if spoken through a door, muffled and soft. A medic stands beside you, shushing you as you mumble incoherently about how you can’t feel. You can’t feel anything as you lift your arms, which is something you’ve grown used to lately, but you’re finally starting to feel something mentally again. Tears stream down your face and you shake your head. The image of Hux fills your mind. There will be scars. And he’ll do it again. Laurier’s words roll around in your head. He knew. You’re sure of it now, and he was warning you in his own way. You bite your lip and stare at the mark from his cigarette on your wrist. You don’t have any more choices. The medics fall silent after a while, poking and prodding at your wounds while someone prepares your medication. The salve they apply makes your skin burn, but when you struggle, they numb you again until the feeling of numbness in your limbs makes you wildly aware of how it feels to move them. A single medic helps you out of bed, her eyes drinking you in as though she knows some wonderful secret regarding you. She smiles as she starts a call to your parents, making small talk as she drags her feet, giving you time to come back down from the drugs enough to respond coherently to her. “A lot has happened while you’ve been here,” she says, meeting your eyes. “That must’ve been some fall…” You don’t respond, incapable of doing so because the words take a long moment to make sense and it’s too late to reply anyway. So you sway slightly and try to keep yourself from slurring, but fail, when you mumble, “Thirteen comrades are missing.” She shakes her head. “But that’s nothing in comparison to you. Your future is bright.” She can’t continue before the image of your parents appears before you. “We’re so proud of you, darling,” your father is saying. You touch your fingers to your forehead, feeling an irritating throb emanating from there. “He was supposed to attend your debutante ball, but he didn’t,” your mother gushes, a smug grin playing across her lips, “I suppose you attracted his attention anyway.” “Why… why are you proud?” you ask, still catching up. “Your engagement…” Father pauses, his eyes narrowing. “You’re aware of your engagement, aren’t you?” You pull a face after a minute of silence spent trying to understand and connect ideas. Shaking your head, you mumble a response even you don’t understand. “We heard you fell while training,” Father says, noticing your response or, rather, lack thereof. “What?” You close your eyes and shake your head. “Why is everyone mentioning falling?” “Because you fell, darling,” Mother says, eyeing you worriedly. You shake your head. “No, glass.” Fear grips you and you curl in upon yourself, eyes darting wildly around for something you can’t quite name at the moment. Hux . Yes, him, you’re looking for him. Searching your mind, you know he made a promise last time. Something dark, something terrible. And Laurier. You shake your head, clearing it. “Perhaps you should call for a medic,” your father says, studying you carefully. “Who am I engaged to?” “Armitage Hux, of course.” You don’t see Armitage for another few days, but it’s too soon when you do. You’re sluggish and dull, and the pain would be excruciating without the medication. The only good side effect is the mental numbness that has kept you from connecting anything drastic with reality. Of course, worry courses through you whenever you think of the thirteen missing students, but at the same time it feels as though it courses through a foreign body while you observe quietly, contentedly. The numbness is so very strong and penetrating that you don’t realize you’ve been moved to another room until you realize that there’s someone beside you in the darkness. Stirring slightly, the figure murmurs something when you turn toward it. You touch their shoulder experimentally, then run your fingers down the length of an arm to intertwine with their fingers. Even when the person speaks and you become aware of the fact that you know that voice and who it belongs to, it takes another moment to really know that voice and who it belongs. Yet another moment passes before you stiffen and move to pull away. When you move, the fingers clamp down harshly like the bars of a cage and you’re too shocked to fight, too dazed to fully commit to the idea. Drifting into acceptance, your body relaxes and even shifts toward the figure willingly in search of warmth. The figure grows taut as though every one of the muscles in their body is drawn in either discomfort or morbid anticipation, but they make no move to move you or be moved. Hux is pondering an idea while he waits for the right moment to explain things to you. While the physical contact repulses him, it’s been awhile since someone willingly embraced him (even though this is induced by your clouded state of inebriation), it’s been even longer since that someone wasn’t his mother. He doesn’t know if he wants to break your fingers more than he wants to make sure they never disentangle themselves from the net that is his digits. “You’re engaged to me,” he says, softly. In truth, that means virtually nothing. He’s engaged to you, but he’s not exactly removing Cressida either. No, he’s only engaging you because he can feel the sentiments of your peers shifting against him as though he’s done something too great. Perhaps he has, but he knows hypocrisy, too. How can they kill so easily during the Burning, yet become squeamish when a handful of traitors are killed before their eyes? Because most of the students are weak willed followers with no passion for a cause. The rest understand. It’s fine to kill with the group for the sake of entertainment, but not to do so as a form of punishment. The thought of being hated doesn’t bother him as much as the implications of it. To be hated would mean slowly losing all of his power. No one follows a man they hate more than they fear. He knows that and, yet, he knows he can do very little to alleviate hatred without dispelling some fear. To dispel fear, he must show some undeniably human part of him to inspire some form of sympathy. Thus, the point of your engagement is to fool anyone too stupid to look into him that he’s truly fallen for someone. Breaking his engagement with Cressida will make him look as warm as any idiot romantic in spite of having six children murdered in cold blood with little warning. At the very least, they’ll target you first in the hopes of upsetting him and he knows your parents won’t fuss nearly as much as Cressida’s would if you were killed because of him. Not because they love you any less, but because they desire a means of solidifying their loyalty to completely rectify their names. They’ve needed that since your father started selling to the Republic. Business is business, and money is money, but intentions are easily mistaken. “I know,” you say, sobering a bit with his words. “Does that mean you’ll be kind?” “I wouldn’t be cruel if only you’d listen.” “Where am I?” you close your eyes and feel yourself being pulled slowly toward unconsciousness. “In our new quarters.” Hux sits up, letting your arm fall slack against the mattress. “Only the staff know about the engagement as of now. I’ll leave it to them to let the rumor trickle down.” Hux walks toward a desk as he speaks and you collect your thoughts as well as you can. You’d be thankful for the apathy awarded by your illness if you could feel anything, but, alas, you’re emotionally blank. He grabs something from the desk, holds it as though it weighs the world, and then he tilts his head. In the dim light that floods the room a moment later, he resembles a statue, standing relaxed in his leisure wear. A slender, tall young man whose slender form is one to behold. “You’ll have to visit the estate soon,” he murmurs. “Keeping up appearances and the like.” “There are missing students,” you say, dragging your eyes away from him to stare at the ceiling. “Yes, no one important save for Laurier,” Hux says. “I suspect it’s the little rebellion working, but I can’t be sure exactly how.” An escape or a message, he can’t quite pick one yet. “Laurier?” you whisper, surprise pushing through you with a burst of pain as you shift. You grip the edge of the sheet and lay still to alleviate some of the pain. Is this his great escape? The door opens and a droid slips into the room. Hux glances at it before pointing toward you with a nod of his head. He’s rolling a cigarette now and can’t be bothered to seem interested in what’s going on in his bed as he studies the photographs on his wall, specifically the new additions. You close your eyes while the droid readies your medication and emotions slowly break through the fog of your mind and the pain slowly becomes more than a concept. It’s less than it’s been and you can tell that the wounds are no longer splitting and bleeding by the lack of warmth on your skin, but there’s still a soreness that is dipping into the realm of agony inflicted on your body. The droid doesn’t stop with the medication and you open your eyes in time to see it readying to inject you with some sort of device. But you’re too put off by the medication to consider what the device is even as Hux explains its purpose quietly to you. You watch him light his cigarette and feel nothing, know nothing. “I only need to ensure that you won’t run.” Hux takes a long drag from his cigarette. Smoke encases his next words. “Or be taken.” Something brushes against your leg, inspiring a flinch, and you look down to see a creature covered in pale fur the color of dulled flames. Allowing a small noise that sounds something like a shrill whine, it opens its mouth to reveal tiny, sharp teeth. It stretches its lithe body and looks up at you with peculiar yellow eyes and slanted pupils that dilate as it moves into the shadow provided by your form, nestling against your leg. It closes its eyes and you feel it vibrate against you, humming like an engine. It’s small and warm, like a comforting flame against your leg. You remember seeing something like it in the books your servants read to their children, some domesticated thing that some purchased for companionship rather than a droid. It had bothered you, the idea, because you couldn’t understand why anyone would prefer a mortal thing that requires constant attention and possibly affection to something that benefits it owner. “It’s a cat,” Hux says, walking to the foot of the bed. You watch him place two of his fingers between the cat’s pointed ears, and draw them down to the base of its neck, petting it. He repeats the action while you watching, gazing fondly at the animal. “Your parents sent it as a way of commemorating our engagement. It belongs to you.” A small smile plays across his lips. “And me, too, as all that is yours is now mine as well.” “Do you like it?” you ask, feeling yourself drift off. “Yes, I’ve always liked these.” He tilts his head, his eyes slipping out of focus as though he’s remembering some warm thing of the past. “They know when their affection is needed and when it isn’t. And they can be quite vindictive, which is always an admirable trait in a companion.” “Did you name it?” “No, your parents did.” He plays with a collar around the cat’s neck and seems to realize there’s something else in his hand. “Millicent.” You close your eyes, nodding as he walks to your side of the bed. He dangles a necklace before your eyes, the one he gave you. “Her collar matches yours.” Hux permits you an evening walk accompanied by himself one clear evening. Watching you dress in your outerwear, he’s silent and almost content. The arrival of the cat as well as your recovery have put him in a significantly better mood, but a good mood on him isn’t much better than a terrible mood or even the complete lack of one. He’s only being careful for the sake of appearances. A few of your comrades watch you as he follows you outside. It’s no longer raining and you suspect the Burning has already occurred, for there’s a scent in the air, and a few students linger near the line of trees. The cold air bites at your cheeks, flushing Hux’s with color. The wind ruins the carefully combed style of his hair, making the strands dance before they fall messily down again. You’re still taking medication that slows your mind considerably, but not as much as before. You’re conscious enough to know you’re afraid of displeasing the man, but gone enough to take note of how beautiful he looks with red cheeks and eyes made teary by the wind shining and blue. It bothers you that someone so outwardly appealing can be so terrible within. At his core, you imagine there’s nothing but a twisted mass of evil glowing white and burning. “Thank you for allowing this,” you say, softly, looking away from him. “Yes,” Hux replies, distractedly. “Do you smell that?” “Smell what?” He sighs and shakes his head, guiding you farther into the wood. “Nothing, nothing.” But it isn’t nothing, and that becomes clear as you come across a gathering of comrades, all with their faces turned upward and ahead with a perplexed sort of terror written across their features. They don’t acknowledge Hux at first, but move to part the sea comprised of their bodies to let him through. You cringe away from the unpleasant scent carried on the wind, but follow Hux nonetheless. You keep your eyes on his back, unwilling to see whatever it is that’s caught the attention of so many of your comrades. You fall back, stopping near the front of the crowd and close your eyes. Drawing in a deep breath, you prepare yourself for whatever it is you’re about to see. The crisp air fills with the odor of burning flesh. Skin peels, melts away, beneath glowing flames that engulf the surrounding branches. Burning slices of flesh fall like ashes from a cigarette. Blood sizzles softly, barely audible beneath the hiss of the fire, and paints the trunks of the trees. Twelve bodies hanging from their own branches like ornaments from their nooses. They drop one by one as the ropes securing them burn and break, each carcass falling with a wet plop in the mud. Ruined faces stare blankly ahead with nearly eyeless sockets. What had ones been gleaming orbs lay bloodshot and shrunken or completely decimated. Embers flicker between burning teeth like maggots burrowing through dead flesh. And among the wreckage, Laurier stands, his face streaked blood and dirt, his hair wilder than usual, his eyes crazed yet somber and that look says it all. For a moment, silence prevails. Then the crowd folds in upon itself and Hux reaches the boy as he sink to his knees and clutches something close to his chest, doubling over with an agonized expression. He points accusingly at Hux, shaking his head and cries out with a startling conviction. The words at first mold into nothing, but pained howls, but the crowd soon makes sense of them. The murmurs that had begun again die down as he repeats himself over and over again, rocking back and forth and clutching the thing in his hand. It’s a locket, presumably one that belonged to a fallen comrade. You watch Hux as he steps closer to his assistant, and you fall back further into the crowd. The redhead stops short and, though you’re still dazed from the medication and everything reaches your mind just a moment too late, you can tell from the way his shoulders stiffen that whatever Laurier is saying is too great, a step too far. You clutch your head, swaying slightly as your reactions catch up with you all at once in a flurry of confusion and fear. Laurier points a bloodstained finger at Hux and howls, “It’s all your fault!” Chapter 9 : Tell Me Again Summary: Change is coming. Matters are graying. Notes: I'm feeling a bit down, so I'm posting this early to make myself feel better to know that I'm doing SOMETHING ya feel but it's really short also i've got a tumblr so hmu if you wanna chat me up about my writing or anything: mendacipupa i'm boring and it's mostly aesthetic, but yeah It was late when the plan began to fall into place. Laurier organized it, called it the catalyst of change. He chose the group carefully, weeding out the weak whom he could afford to lose as well as those willing to be lost. Such failed to pass as a terribly hard task in a room filled with people desperate to go down in history as martyrs. And all because he’d spent so much time drilling into their malleable minds that martyrdom will be the only thing to restore justice and freedom as a reigning force to the galaxy. Rain poured down in sheets, striking them straight to the bone. With the knowledge of what awaited them, the rain felt like acid against their skin and the chosen ones could not decide whether or not they should rejoice or plead for some twist of fortune great enough to spare them. No one dared to speak or whimper or cry. No, they were the strongest and would fall with their heads held high and eyes free of tears. And, perhaps, they were afraid of Laurier, too, as well as the white haired boy, Alexandre, whom Laurier trusted more than he’d ever admit. They spoke in hushed tones as they trudged into the wood, the trees swallowing them whole. The pattering of rain cascading down the canopy of leaves and vines overhead drowned out their voices. Those behind them saw their lips moving in the flashes of light provided by lightning, but the booming roars of thunder that followed kept them quiet. A boy stumbled once, twice, and Laurier refused to move until he stood and walked along. He told the group there was no place for weakness here, no room for mistakes, and that, while depending on each other was always commended, they were all knee high in shit if they couldn’t learn to walk on their own as well. The mention of their futures hung ironically in the frozen air as they boy stood silently, caked in mud and shivering. It was their third and final night in the wood. Alexandre had come as he was summoned to ensure all went as planned. Hesitant, but like the rest, desperate to see something come of their loss and the gatherings after so long with only talk, he gave in without much protest. They readied their own nooses while Laurier and Alexandre spoke. Alexandre stood against a tree with a cigarette between his lips, watching the grim scene unfold without summoning an emotional response to it. His hair lay wet and cold against his neck, strands sticking to his flushed, clammy skin, but he seemed outwardly calm in spite of the turmoil threatening to spill within him. Laurier keeps him around because the boy is the perfect example of what a First Order officer should be sans the doctrines. “Will this work, Ben?” Alexandre asked, glancing at Laurier. “Everyone already hates the bastard,” Laurier replied, watching his comrades with cool eyes. “He’s the big guy.” Alexandre tossed his cigarette away with a sigh. “He’s full of shit.” Laurier thought of you how he’d last seen you when he escorted you to the medical wing, of how your blood stained his clothes and he held you so close and felt for the first time a sense of deep self loathing. He was aware of the risk always, but he could always justify it because he was sure Hux had some form of mercy within himself. But to treat you like a slave, to make you his weapon… Ah, but Laurier knew he’d done the same and couldn’t think any higher of himself in that respect. The matter was the reason for doing so, and in that he’d always be better. Hux was cruel to support the system. Laurier was cruel to tear it down. “Like all the other people in charge,” Alexandre murmured. He glanced at Laurier’s drawn features and saw for the first time something very near doubt. “We don’t have to do this.” “You’re right, but I can’t be still anymore,” Laurier said. Your battered image flickered behind his eyelids when he blinked. If only you could be persuaded to listen easily, he’d have given anything to ensure your safety as well as he could any other comrade’s. It wasn’t that he cared any more for you than he did the others, because he didn’t, but that every time he hurt you and felt a sick sense of satisfaction he could see a bit of Armitage Hux reflected in himself. That terrified him. He couldn’t become what he was fighting. “He won’t listen any other way,” Laurier said. “Why are we taking him down? There are so many others behind him.” “Exactly, behind him.” Laurier ran his fingers through his wet hair and clenched his jaw. “There’s no one worse than Armitage Hux. Not even his father. The man is ruthlessly ambitious.” “What about you?” Alexandre knew the two had grown up beside each other as well as anyone else, which was why he found himself often amazed by how different the paths both had chosen were. “I’m not him,” Laurier spat out. “I’m only like him.” If Hux regrets any of his actions it’s impossible to tell from the way he stares at Laurier with a look of utter confusion written across his features. He seems to silently ask if the younger male is in anyway serious, and the smirk that curls along his lips suggests that the accusation is laughable. If you didn’t know any better, you’d trust him over Laurier who appears to have gone insane in the space of time he’s been missing. If you didn’t know any better, you’d believe Laurier’s act as well, but not necessarily his words. It’s a pathetic ploy. But you can say that because you’ve begun to believe that you understand Laurier to at least a certain point and that he’s becoming predictable to an extent. Even in the haze left behind by your medication you can guess at what he’s pulling. You don’t know exactly what he did and you’ll admit this drama unfolding will undoubtedly sway opinions against Hux, but you also know that Hux is far too clever to not figure things out quickly. Thirteen missing and Laurier’s the only one to survive only to immediately betray his boss of sorts? To top it all off, it’s obvious this will denigrate the Hux name. Laurier might as well have painted ‘rebel’ across his forehead. Or, at the very least, ‘rebel sympathizer’. “It’s my fault?” Hux scoffs. Laurier’s facade falters for a fraction of a moment and he lowers his gaze before resuming his howling. He cradles a body and there’s something hauntingly authentic in his torn expression that makes you want to reach out and hold him. You even begin to shuffle forward to comfort him before you fall back into the crowd, confused by your own actions. You stumble back and away, disregarding the warning look Hux shoots you when he realizes what you’re doing. Shaking your head, you turn on your heels and walk as quickly as you can back to the building. A group of instructors sprint past you. Sparing nearly curious glances at you as they pass you in a flurry of dark fabric and heaving chests, they don’t slow down to question you. The scent seems to grow only more overwhelming the farther you grow from it. A swimming nausea seats itself in the pit of your stomach. Footsteps rain down around you. Something monumental is occurring here.The shrill clap of glass shattering draws your attention to the facility as you fall to your feet. Comrades pour out of the building brandishing belts and blades, fearful and hateful of their neighbors. Someone must be at the root of this unrest, they know. The news has traveled quickly and sentiments are already splitting. Smoke rises, billowing and black against the gray sky. They hurl stones at the windows until they shatter and break, showering them with glass. You sink to your knees as your head spins. There’s a comforting hand at your back, warm and calming, but the sight before you causes an anxiety to build in you and twist your stomach in knots. Shudders course through your body with a force so great you couldn’t stand if you tried. Helpless tears twist their way down your face as you shake your head, rocking your body slightly as you lower yourself closer to the ground. An arm hooks around your torso, keeping you from falling fully. A lump in your throat sucks the air from your lungs. Words beat against your teeth, but no noise escapes. Fear renders you mute. You curl your fingers around the arm automatically, hissing in pain when the person shifts and presses more firmly against your back. Warmth spreads beneath your jacket and you claw at the arm, feeling your wounds split again, the sensation running you through with agony. The world shifts, a familiar voice whispers something that you don’t catch. When you turn, breaking free of the stranger’s hold, you’re met with the sight of wild pale hair falling across a familiar face. You shake your head. He did this. You hate him. You wouldn’t know about Laurier if he’d never given you that slip. If you’d never met him, Hux would never have beaten you like he did. But you’d still be his plaything. But you wouldn’t be beaten. Ah, but you wouldn’t have been hopeful either. Sirens flare to life as the violence escalates. The pain becomes too much and you are falling into blackness. It’s strange to be one of the people facing your comrades during an assembly. You see your face reflected on the screens projecting you beside Hux in traditional garments, but the moment feels unreal. The room is filled with an unwavering tension and noticeably lacking in bodies. The commandant stands proud a few paces before you, pleased to make the announcement to his pupils. Rows upon rows of your comrades stand perfectly still and silent. Among them, you see Laurier standing tall with his bruised visage on display for everyone to see. His eyes are on you, heavy and filled with anger. “This week has bestowed upon us all tragedy and hope and new vision for the future,” Brendol is saying, grim faced but with gleaming eyes. You glance at Hux who stands a safe distance away from you. His face is drawn into its usual pose of distaste and irritation for any given situation. You hate him so much you’d kill him now if you could, but you can’t. It would bring shame to your family’s name and you can’t do that now, now that you’ve gotten yourself so deeply entangled in his web. “We’ve been forced to take action in the face of disobedience.” There’s not a soul who participated in the chaos walking without the lingering smart of punishment. No one’s dead. That’s a blessing. However, most would rather death to their current state. Everyone has something to lose and the Academy is well aware of that. In order to cleanse people of weakness, it’s necessary to know said weakness and there’s never been a shortage of knowledge. Stricter curfews, complete eradication of leisure time, a new batch of First Order trained guards to watch over the students. People no longer speak. They don’t even dare to whimper in bed like they used to. Laurier’s name is ruined, but he kicks on as feebly as he might. The only thing left to fear no longer is the fact that the burnings may be approaching their end very soon. Of course, the likelihood of such a sweet reprieve lays at the bottom of a pit of molten lava: untouchable and fading quickly. On the screens, your eyes are red and fearful, but you’ve escaped fear almost entirely. An emotion equivalent to white noise settles over your very being that is like numbness, but beyond it. You look beautiful in the gown Commandant Hux chose specifically for you. A silken noose woven over your form from expensive fabrics imported from some faraway land filled with desolate souls. With a start, you notice that you look as though you belong beside Hux with his combed hair and proper suit. His necklace gleams on your neck like a chain anchoring you to him. You can almost imagine him holding the invisible leash tethering the two of you together. “Despite the recent unrest, something wonderful has occurred.” Brendol turns, gesturing grandly at you and his son. “An engagement.” Hux takes your hand and steps forward, dragging you along with him. A vision of youthful charm, his smile transforms him into something he’s not: someone worthy of marriage. He grips your chin as you step fully into the frame and pulls you into a kiss. Lips tasting of cigarettes and mint move against yours in a public show of affection. Vulgarity is always encouraged in these moments, to prove When he pulls away, there’s murder in Laurier’s gaze, but you’re not sure whom he hates more in the moment. There’s more useless chatter that filters through your head uselessly until a phrase sticks out to you. Perhaps it’s the way Brendol says it, but it immediately strikes something within you. “Change is coming,” he says. “Be it good or bad, it will be great, and you must remember through it all whom you are loyal to. Don’t let it be forgotten why exactly it is that this school must thrive. Don’t forget your fallen relatives in the pursuit of chaos where we seek only to provide peace and equality.” What a blatant lie . “Today, I’m relieving Armitage Hux of his position at the Academy.” He pauses. “May he pursue greatness in the ranks of the rising Order.” You glance at Hux just in time to see bewilderment color his features briefly. As you open your mouth to speak, he turns on his heel and stalks off. His father lingers a moment as well as the other officials while your comrades find themselves dismissed. When the hall is empty once more, the commandant dismisses everyone but you. The moment you’re alone, he offers a smile closer to a grimace and appraises your form. His fingers trail across your clavicle and his eyes burn with an unbridled lust. “And you, you remember that your duty as Armitage’s wife is to ensure his success no matter the means.” Chapter 10 : Author's Note I won't be updating this week because of medical stuff (not me, but someone close to me) and a few issues. I'll try to post next week. Chapter 11 : How You Broke Summary: Control remains just out of reach, resignation is much closer Notes: Warnings: Rape, implied pedophilia briefly Also I have these minorish characters in this that i ship so hard, but they'll probably not end up together ugh and Cressida's making a comeback because loose ends, ya feel Everything happens quickly in the wake of recent events. So quickly that in the midst of your recovery you’re unaware of the happenings until they’ve passed and you find yourself shifted. You’re aware though of what’s supposedly occurring around you, from years of watching tradition. The contacting of your parents and the subsequent responses aren’t traditional per se, but don’t shift the frame of reality playing out before you. Things are slower than usual, but fast nonetheless, because of the scars which Hux refuses to allow to be explained, or so you’ve been told by the people who visit his room twice daily to treat them. Hux’s absence is welcomed by you. If he was here beside you, he’d be punishing you for his own slights. The solitude of your situation gives you ample time to analyze his and the behavior he displays. For the first time in a long time, you feel as though control is returning to you, be it in the small portions it arrives in and despite the fact that you’re nearly sure it’s only coming because Hux is becoming careless. That much is obvious. In his rage, he lets too much slip with too little context, bringing up his blood and family matters. Gossip seems to seek you out and you’re learning. The door opens, hissing as it does, a pause following the movement and noise before shadows fall across the floor and the usual medic duo enters the room. Two women, one much more mature than the other with a lined somber face and thin lips, the other just entering adulthood with round cheeks and bright eyes as though she has yet to grasp the grave reality of her position. She, the younger of the two, finds herself flustered in your presence as though dealing with royalty or someone doused in the glow of infatuation, the object of one’s unrequited affection. She’s intrigued by you, by the fact that you’re coming into power so suddenly. “Good evening, Miss,” she says, bowing her head. “It’s only you,” you murmur, feigning delayed disappointment. “Yes, it’s only us,” the younger one, Yamka, replies. The older one comes to stand beside the bed, motioning tiredly for you to sit up. Bandages fall to the ground with soft thuds as she unravels them. Your hands come up to cover yourself as you stare blankly at the sheets before you, feigning the disheveled state everyone expects you to be in. A kind cover, it’s your way of testing the waters. If you wander out of the room like this, there’s no punishment, only pitying looks as staff brings you back. Of course, this all has to be extremely calculated. For example, the first and last time you decided to make an attempt at escape, you shed your clothes and loosened your bandages so as to let the wounds not quite ready to stop splitting, but notably more bearable, show proudly. Smelling of blood and cut flesh, you exaggerated your gait as you stumbled through the corridors, grasping at the walls and calling out for Armitage. Now, of course, you’ve healed considerably with the treatment of the girls and their medicines: an assortment of oils and creams (droids bring shots and pills). “Have you heard the good news?” you cry out excitedly, brandishing your hand and the ring you received at some point, though you don’t remember when exactly that was. Miniature figurative chain though it may be, Yamka is wildly smitten with it as though she’s never seen something of its value. “You’re engaged,” the older woman mutters, smearing something cool on your back. “After today, I’m sure you won’t need us.” “Why?” You know exactly why, but it’s best to not let on to such knowledge. “You’re leaving today, Miss,” she replies, beginning to gather her things without replacing your bandages. “Oh, right…” You stand, lazily pulling your dress up to cover your body. “Isn’t it exciting?” Yamka nods, her eyes gleaming. “You’ll never worry about anything in your life again.” You’ve never mentioned it for the sake of your cover, but you find it a bit disconcerting how little she cares for her occupation. Most medics are entirely devoted to their jobs and would never regard marrying their way out of the field to become some submissive spouse. It was a status of honor to be hallowed and respected by even the highest ranking military officers. You’ve never understood it, even less so since you came to the Academy and had its doctrines drilled into you. Funny, now that you’re leaving -or at least preparing to- you want to stay. But that’s only because of the elder Hux’s advances. You watch the women leave with dazed eyes, smiling sheepishly and pretending not to notice the fact of your dress hanging precariously low on your chest. The second they’re gone with their air of officiality, you collapse onto the bed and let out a shaking breath. A sadness washes over you as you recall the many memories trapped within these walls. And you’re sure things could have been worse. For a moment, all is still, and in the haze of your sudden bout of melancholia (which has become something that occurs so often it can hardly be called sudden because it’s always expected), you consider the situation regarding Hux and Laurier. And the thought that you don’t need either of them, and yet both of them seem fixated on you for whatever reason bothers you to no end. In the midst of things, discerning reasons for one’s compulsion to be near or associated with another had seemed like too much to consider, like thinking would only worsen the situation. Fur brushes against your leg and you look down to see Millicent rubbing her lithe, feline body against your skin the way she’s taken to doing. Her paw bats at the risen hem of your dress and she sinks her tiny claws into the fabric before hopping onto your back and walking along your spine, her cool nose bumping against your shoulders when she gets there. She steps onto the pillow on which you rest your head, turns her back to you, and lies almost on your face. Her fur tickles your nostrils and you turn your head. She moves to lay once more nearly on your face. You push her away, down to lie beside you. It’s not particularly hot, but the warmth of the cat’s body against yours feels like fire. The way her body moves with her each breath makes the thin fabric of your gown rub against your skin in the worst way, but you’re comforted by the presence of a living thing you don’t have to lie to. With a soft sigh, you pet the fur between her pale pointed ears until her body vibrates with the force of her purrs. As you’re beginning to drift off, a droid makes its way into Hux’s quarters to assumedly pack for what may be a permanent stay for you at his parents’ estate. The soft noise isn’t enough to make you get up, but the distant sound of people shouting at each other is enough to make you sit up suddenly. The cat scrambles off of the bed and moves curiously toward the door standing open. Hux saunters in as his shouts die down. The door closes behind him, shutting out whoever he was arguing with, and he moves to block the droid’s path, but fails miserably as he stumbles over his own feet and has to grab blindly at the wall to keep himself somewhat study. You watch him gaze accusingly at the droid for a moment and sit up, resuming the behavior you’re sure he’s been told about wherever he’s been in his absence, He doesn’t speak to you as he watches the droid pack, but holds his cigarette between his lips and seems about to say something, remains quietly. His usually combed hair is wild, his cheeks colorful. The scent of alcohol clings to his clothing, faint but discernible even paces away from him. His lip is split, his clothes muddy, and the sight of him all ruined like this thrills you. For once, his cool facade has shattered. It feels like an unspoken victory. You want to see him fall apart, want to see him fall even further than he has now. You play your usual role, humming quietly to yourself and staring blankly after the droid. There’s something in the scent of your perfume and the way your dress hangs off of your figure that draws his attention to you. Out of the corner of your eye, you see his stance change slightly, causing Hux to stumble in response to his sudden shift. Showing no sign of realizing his attention, you play with the thin straps and consider how to bring up what his father mentioned, unwilling to analyze the sudden shift in the red-haired man’s behavior. Ah, yes, what Brendol said… Bile rises in your throat as you recall his gaze. It felt so much more filthy than Hux’s, which is peculiar because Hux sees you solely as something sexual, violates you regularly, and yet… As predatory as he may be, there’s only something to be feared in his gaze. His visage doesn’t encourage the crawling of skin. Because, as terrifying as Armitage Hux may be, his intentions are black and white and his morals nonexistent and he is without any desire to please anyone but himself and sabotage those who get in his way. His father, you can’t put your finger on it, but there’s something horrible about him. That’s not to say it’s not similar to his father, but that it’s the same in a different way. Perhaps a lack of conscience is something that runs in the Hux line. Hux walks over to you, his fingers slipping to the straps of your dress. His eyes meet yours. “I heard you missed me,” he says. “Heard you’ve gone mad. You don’t look it.” Your eyes widen a fraction. “You look like you need to be fucked back into your place.” His fingers brush along the skin beneath your eyes, then swipe across your lips. “Look at you, you miss me? You should be crying, not yearning for me to defile you, you filthy thing.” He’s right, and you know it. He’s given you no reason to love you, having kissed you only on two occasions: the time he wanted information and at the ceremony. “Your father said I had to help you become great,” you whisper not dropping your act. “His intentions aren’t pure.” “And? Fuck him. Maybe that’ll change his mind about me,” Hux hisses. You stare at him, surprised. You’d thought him to be more possessive than that, too hung up on ownership to consider using you to better himself. Then again, you remember vaguely him mentioning that he was preparing you for something by abusing you. This? There must be something your gaze because he laughs dryly. “You’re an idiot if you honestly expected more of me.” You could say the same. “Come now, we don’t love or even care for each other,” he murmurs. “I use you and you live. Don’t think anything’s changing because I’m changing your title.” He touches the necklace he gave you before falling upon the bed with a sigh. Closing his eyes, he soon drifts off. You sit at his desk, unwilling to share the bed with Hux, and watch the droid go about its work until it’s packed everything. Realizing with a hint of dismay that it’s only packing your clothing and a few of Hux’s books, you wonder if the stay will only be permanent for you. It’s not uncommon for one lover to remain with the parents of the family they married into. Without a doubt, you’re that lover. A shiver runs down your spine. Being alone in the Hux estate with only his parents to keep you company seems dreadful, but all the more easy to escape. You sigh and glance at him. Hux is easier to stomach while he sleeps, as fitful as that sleep may be. His features twist with terror and you watch his lips tremble. Murmuring to himself, he clutches blindly for something, shaking his head and moaning in his sleep your name and another. Both of which he repeats with a certain desperation, as though both carry a heavy weight for him. If he was anyone else, you’d attempt to comfort him. But he’s not someone else; he’s Armitage Hux. When he wakes, after only a short while, he’s noticeably less affected by whatever he drank. He calls for you, telling you to undress. So you do while he watches you with tired eyes. And he does the same, standing from his bed and shedding each article of clothing. His body would be beautiful if not for the being trapped within it. His pale skin covers a sender body lined by lean muscle, the kind the servant boys have, but not the muscle of the affluent youth interested in their appearances or the muscle of a boy having already gone through the Academy’s training. “Have you been keeping up with your medication?” he asks. “I assume so,” you reply, crawling onto the bed. You wave your hips in the air as you spread your thighs and rest your cheek on a pillow, causing your back to curve. “Well, if you haven’t, my policies still stand.” His fingers dig into your waist as the mattress dips beneath his weight. “There will be no bastard children.” “The wedding is soon anyway.” “None.” “What about after the wedding?” you ask, knowing that you’re pushing boundaries by being so vocal, but also aware of the fact that he may think you’re still a bit delayed. “I’ll murder that goddamn cat and feed it to you if you ask me again.” He doesn’t speak again while he takes you harshly. It’s worse than usual because he doesn’t force arousal, and judging by his hisses and groans, it’s not pleasant for him either. Still, his hips persist for so long that the burning becomes excruciating and you lower your hand to your clit, closing your eyes and imagining you want to be used by him for the sake of slickening your abused passage. When he finishes, he doesn’t pull out immediately, but remains still and silent for a mind-numbing moment. You can’t read his mood with your back to him and a creeping apprehension fills you from head to toe until it feels as though he’s borne some terrible thing within you. He takes so long to vacate your cunt while his hands caress your body in the most vulgar way possible that his penis begins to harden once more within you and you feel it grow. The sensation pleases you beyond words for no reason other than it feels nice to be stretched in such a way. Finally, Hux pulls his penis from you and drags his nails down your back. “Tell me that you want me to fuck you,” Hux says. “Say it, slut, tell me that you crave my cock.” “I crave your cock, Master.” The words inspire no reaction in you. You’ve said similar things so often. You hate him for the fact that such words no longer taste like poison on your tongue. He makes you ride him, guiding your hips up and down for a few thrusts while he bites at your breasts, sucking your nipples harshly. He slaps your ass and you bring your hips down on him as hard as you can, but the force of your actions only turns him on and he begins to expect it from you, growling and smirking up at you in pleasure and amusement. Soon, anger takes over, and what you're doing no longer resembles something of a sexual nature (as tainted as the eroticism may be), but a battle and he knows from the look in your eyes that you’re no longer lost and you know from the look in his that you’re as trapped as you’ve ever been if not more. You feel a finger caress the tight ring of your anus and as it pushes in, bringing forth a wave of pleasure, you’re reminded that you belong to him for him to do as he pleases and, yet, you are nothing to him. It was late when you left, but the sun has since risen somewhere above the trees. Thankfully, it doesn’t rain on the way there, but it wouldn’t have bothered you anyway. Ships can’t be flown to the estate because of the security system, and you’re led on foot by a guide with a terribly familiar face while Hux rides in ahead of you to alert the staff of your presence, though you’re sure they probably already know. You haven’t spoken to your guide until now. “How is he?” you ask, glancing at the boy whose hair resembles snow for its whiteness. Alexandre shrugs noncommittally, making a soft noise of indifference. “I’m worried about him.” “Really?” Alexandre gazes blankly at you. “You certainly fooled him. He said you’re becoming one of them just fine.” “I’ve been sick,” you murmur. “I couldn’t see him.” “That’s not it.” He pauses, as though thinking out what he’ll say next. “He said you don’t care about him or anything, that you only care about yourself…” “That’s not -!” “And that you’re sleeping with Commandant Hux.” You’re both silent and your eyes fill with tears of frustration and disgust with both Laurier and yourself. It might not be true at this moment, but it will be. But for him to put it like that, as though you want that dirty old man…! There’s not a neck out of reach that you don’t want to snap. “I’m not sleeping with anyone,” you say. “What about Hux?” “That’s obligation, not sex.” You clench your jaw and nod. “But call it what you will.” You walk on in silence again with nothing but the sound of your feet sinking into the mud to fill the gap. Drifting away from Alexandre, you allow him to remain a few paces ahead of you. Having resigned yourself to the idea of being stuck with Hux until the day death claims one of you, you’re past the point of feeling helplessness and pity or even anger and a deep rooted desire to rebel. You’ve only accepted it for what it is and vowed to live as long as fate will allow it. Not because you’re submissive, but because you’re realistic. “So it runs in the family…” Alexandre retorts. “What?” “A penchant for sexual assault.” He pauses as you approach the edge of the wood. “There was a young girl, years ago. Quiet kitchen maid who used to sing. He took a liking to her, too. I’m sure you know about his son better than I do.” You ignore him and keep walking. It’s not as though you’re unaware. You know perfectly well what being in the Hux estate entails. “Do you know what happened to the other one before you?” Cressida. “She’s the new concubine.” Alexandre passes you, breaking out onto a road. A home more like a prison than a place one might yearn to reside in looms before you as you exit the trees. Its details become clearer as the line of the horizon sharpens to a crisp differentiation between the mist hanging low and the ground. A land of stones sprawls in a courtyard overlooked by a towering home standing several stories high. You think it excessive and appropriately foreboding as you stare into the glaring windows with their curtains drawn tightly enough to block out any signs of life. Alexandre leaves you at the door without a word. The evening passes dreadfully slowly as the servants settle you into your new bedroom. It doesn’t take long for Brendol Hux to call on you. Night has barely begun to consider settling when a boy appears at your door. His voice is soft and melodic when he tells you that you’ve been summoned. His slippers tap against the polished floors as he leads you through the maze of corridors with their high ceilings and portraits lining the walls. He leaves you in a room furnished with a bed, dresser, and wardrobe. The commandant lies naked on the bed, his skin wrinkled and sagging with age bared to your eyes. There’s no exchange of words as you undress, but there’s an unspoken promise in his gleaming eyes. When he touches you for the first time, your breasts, he remarks that you’re so young and it’s been awhile since he’s had a girl at just the perfect age, yours, that he’s had to take them younger lately because the older ones know better. He’s not like his son in that he doesn’t even attempt to please you and that he’s seemingly incapable of doing so. He makes you look at him while he takes you and appears dismayed by your silence, angry even. And when it’s all over and he allows you to leave, you find Armitage waiting outside of the door, his eyes wet and averted. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 8 of the Second POV series Next Work →