If You Give A Mutant Extremist A Cookie... Notes: I don't even know where to start. There are so many things I need to be working on - but I could not get this story out of my head. My intense love for my first fandom (!) X-Men will not be quelled, and I had to find a way to integrate my TFA OTP into that world... and so this project came out of it! Thank you for giving it a chance! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) "You shouldn't be watching that again." Rey padded into the kitchen in mismatched socks, peering over Finn's shoulder to see the video. She only needed a glance to place the blindingly bright flames swallowing up a building, and the ribbon of bold captions underneath it 50 CONFIRMED DEAD, DOZENS INJURED IN MUTANT TERRORIST ATTACK - HOSNIAN BUILDING DESTROYED IN FIRE . The initial broadcast was six weeks ago and since then the First Order had gone underground. Anti-mutant sentiment was at an all-time high, so the rest of them were laying low too. Rey had left to find Luke Skywalker. Yesterday she got back and she wasn't alone. "The First Order killed those people," Finn muttered, half-to-himself as he closed out of the window, leaning back in the chair and putting his hands behind his head, "And all I was thinking about was myself. I just wanted to get the hell away from them." And don't think he didn't know why everyone at the academy kept their distance from him. Poe and Rey vouched for him, sure, but to the others he was still a defector, not to be trusted. He couldn't blame them. He spent a lot of time blaming himself. Rey was happy to see Finn up and moving around, but if he didn't stop trolling the internet for First Order highlights someone would have to revoke his computer privileges. "One, that's not true and you know it," Poe didn't rescue himself from Kylo Ren and if it wasn't for Finn, she'd have been recaptured in the woods. "Two, you've got to stop doing this," she said, rummaging through the pantry near her friend for an apple. And a whole jar of peanut butter. "The only person responsible for that fire is the mutant who started it," some redheaded psychopath with the power to channel solar energy. "Yeah," he agreed with her dully and tilted his head, the disappointment and concern radiating off of her in waves that made him a little dizzy. If he concentrated, he would be able to sense the emotions of everyone in the academy. In some ways it was even more effective than reading minds. Phasma attempted to train him to exploit those feelings, intensify terror in his enemies and compel obedience from his fellow stormtroopers (none of them had codenames, no individuating markers of any kind) in a fight. Finn never did master it... because he didn't want to master it. In fact, he spent most of his time trying to repress his powers. He didn't want to feel what his teammates felt because it only reminded him how different he was. He didn't share their unwavering loyalty to the First Order, their hatred for the Resistance and for the humans. For a long time, Finn thought he was numb. And then he sensed the terror of those people sheltering Lor San Tekka, and their fear nearly suffocated him inside his mask. He felt them die. And then he couldn't turn it off. "Come on," Rey nudged him in the arm between crunchy bites of her apple, "Training Room. Chewie is running combat simulations for the Rapier Squadron and I promised Poe we'd watch." The Rapier Squadron were the senior staff at the Skywalker Academy, and trusted members of the Resistance. There was a time when the academy was just that: a school for mutants to find refuge and develop control over their powers under the guidance of Luke Skywalker. According to the stories, he was unmatched in his telekinetic abilities, could influence thoughts, and wielded a psychic saber not unlike her own. Then the academy was destroyed by Kylo Ren and for years, no one rebuilt it... until Leia. And when she came in, she brought with her the mission of the Resistance: to foster peace between humans and mutants, and to stop the First Order. "Alright," Finn conceded, and even though he didn't sound enthusiastic Rey considered it a victory. The further he was from a laptop, the better. "Leia and I have a meditation lesson scheduled today," he admitted, getting up from the table. Leia was the only other empath he'd ever met, and man, was she intimidating one-on-one, "Do you think she'll make it?" "Hard to say," Rey gave her friend a lopsided smile on their way out of the kitchen, "Master Luke's been gone a long time. They probably have a lot to catch up on," and most of it wasn't good. But at least it meant he was back. Scavenger. Two weeks later, the Rapier Squadron was in D.C. with Leia when Rey awoke in the middle of the night to that word . She shot straight up in bed, fingers to her temples, and chased the intrusion back to the source. Rey's powers manifested late and she did not have the benefit of Kylo Ren's training, but she thought if she focused she could get a read on where he was. Master Luke's lessons did help her but he wasn't a telepath. There is nothing he can teach you. Get out of my head. You are not one of them. I know you feel it too. It was no secret that telepaths tended to be viewed with more than a little mistrust by mutants and humans alike, but she believed that went for most psionics. People didn't like having their heads messed with. And even the most well-intentioned telepath could slip up and read thoughts that weren't meant for them. But that wasn't Rey's problem right now. Her problem was that she hadn't learned how to juggle reaching out with protecting her own mind. She couldn't do both. Her thoughts retreated as she slammed down a mental wall between herself and Kylo Ren, losing her nerve at the first taste of his rumbling voice in her head. It kept him out. Rey couldn't let herself go back to sleep, not even once she knew Ren was gone. So she knocked on Master Luke's door at three in the morning, and when he didn't answer she went downstairs to the kitchen for a bowl of Apple Jacks. To her surprise, there he was reading the paper. He took one look at her face and guessed what was wrong, and he didn't interrupt her when she explained what had happened. "This is the first time he has contacted you?" Rey nodded. "He knows where you are, Master Luke. He knows about the academy." Luke was not surprised. He had warned Leia that this was a possibility, and that by returning he might draw unwanted attention to the Resistance. His sister reasoned that the academy was already a prime target for the First Order - whether Luke was there or not - and now more than ever they should stand together. "And we know he is in New York," he mused, folding his hands in his lap. "We do?" "There are limits even to Ben's abilities," Luke told her. Without a device to amplify his powers, his nephew would have needed to be in a certain proximity to the academy to contact Rey. "This is good information to have." Rey didn't know how he could be so calm. If Kylo Ren was in New York, it was only a matter of time before the First Order retaliated for the destruction of their base in Vermont. Security and surveillance measures were increased at the academy but training sessions and meditation classes continued as scheduled. Rey spent the next three days on edge wondering when Ren would strike next... but nothing happened. The next week Finn took her grocery shopping. He wanted to get her mind off things and besides, the pantry was looking pretty bare: nothing but Triscuits, chicken noodle soup, and instant oatmeal. As chores went at the academy, this was Rey's favorite. She liked buying groceries in bulk on Leia's dime, in part because she'd never had a credit card before - or a budget of five hundred dollars just for food . Comparing prices, choosing fruit, and haggling with salespeople over expired coupons was something she was good at, and there were always free samples of cheese near the butcher's counter. "I love grocery stores," she sighed contentedly, glancing away from the aisle display (she was mesmerized by the deal on beef-flavoured Ramen: 4/$1.00!) to Finn, "Don't you?" "Linoleum floors, fluorescent lighting," too many impatient, aggressive people armed with metal carts and rugrats, "What's not to love?" Rey made a face. "Are you going to get the bagels or not?" He leaned against the cart with a smile. "Sure. Anything else?" Rey shook her head. "I think that's the only thing we're missing. I'll meet you at the register." After Finn left, she spent a couple minutes ruminating on the Ramen question - and the running total she'd been keeping track of in her head - then shrugged and scooped up twelve packages of instant noodles in her arms, dumping them into the all-but-overflowing cart with a flourish. It really was a good deal. The last thing on her list was milk and as she crouched near the ground with two gallons in hand, shoving them up underneath the cart, she felt someone overshadow her. He was standing right behind her and when she glanced over her shoulder she noticed his shoes. Not Finn's. His feet were way too big and the shoes were too nice. Rey looked up - and up some more - then gasped the second she recognized him, long scar angry, jagged, and red from what she'd done to him. Kylo Ren was standing in the middle of a bloody Wegman's in civilian clothes. Rather than topple back onto her arse in surprise, Rey grabbed the edge of the cart and hoisted herself up with one hand. Raw psionic energy crackled around the other, glowing a bright, icy blue. Ren noticed and his own sword hand took on a warm red hue but he clenched his fist and it disappeared. Rubbing his hands together he addressed her, "You won't draw a blade in here, Scavenger," he sounded bored but his gaze was intent and unwavering on her own, "Among so many witnesses? I understand public opinion of mutants is not very high right now." He was right. There was no way she could have a sword fight in the middle of a grocery store. She wasn't supposed to be using her powers in front of humans - none of them were, not while they were under such close scrutiny. Leia was doing all she could on the political front - subcommittee hearings and frequent trips to Washington - and the last thing she needed was another headline-grabbing disaster. People could get hurt. "Because of you ," she retorted, swallowing down her anxiety until the blue energy dissipated, "It's the First Order that's terrorizing innocent people," and all mutants had to pay the price for what they did. Who could blame the humans for being afraid? Angry? She was angry. "You and I have very different standards for innocence." "What about the Hosnian massacre?" Rey demanded, voice catching, "Are you telling me there was no one innocent in that entire building?" Ren stiffened in defensiveness, "That wasn't my doing." "No, it was your friend's." "He is not my friend." "Fine-" she bit out, "Associate, coworker ," fellow murderer, mutant extremist, terrible person? Ren could take his pick of terms. He didn't get a pass just because he wasn't the one who set the building ablaze, not after what he had done. Ren considered her words. "You think we are on opposing sides." Rey snapped at him, "Have you looked in the mirror lately?" What she did to him should've been a pretty clear indication that whatever side he was on, she didn't want anything to do with it. Something unreadable crossed his face but his voice was neutral, "This?" he brushed his thumb along the edge of the scar and she followed the movement along his jaw with her eyes, "This is your learning curve. It's a shame to see Skywalker stifling your natural aptitude." "He's not stifling anything," Rey retorted, more confused than indignant. She always anticipated when she saw Kylo Ren again he'd cut her down first chance he got. Instead he was... what? Chatting with her by the dairy department? "What do you want ?" "You," Ren shifted with a glower toward an elderly woman who thought twice about picking up a quart of milk and wandered away, "I want you to reconsider your options." "My options?" "You have a choice," he stepped closer to her and she flinched, "Join me - or die with them." Notes: coyoterey.tumblr.com Chapter 2 : The Birthday Wish Summary: Kylo Ren's compliments are laced in threats. Rey suspects the First Order is behind a fire at a bank. She and her friends go to investigate. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) This couldn't be happening. Her sweaty fingers slipped on the grooves of the cart and Rey stared at him. This wasn't the same ultimatum he gave her in Vermont but it was close enough. And he seemed so confident that her friends were going to die. "I beat you once, I can do it again," she said, her voice trembling with anger, "And this time I'll drag you to S.H.I.E.L.D. myself and they'll put you in a cell you can't escape from." She imagined a distant prison that dampened his powers and made sure he couldn't hurt anyone else. "S.H.I.E.L.D.?" The Hosnian Building was located in Washington D.C., a pharmaceutical company on the surface protecting S.H.I.E.L.D.'s underground facility. This was one of five bases the First Order had destroyed in less than a year. According to Ren, it was a corrupt organization which professed to protecting national interests while supporting the Resistance and feeding those traitors information about the First Order. "S.H.I.E.L.D. is gone." Rey didn't believe that. Neither did Leia. "And even if it wasn't," Kylo continued, indulging her wishful thinking, "Do you think humans could contain me ? Or you?" She scowled. "We're not bulletproof." He seemed pleased by her use of 'we' and she instantly regretted it. "We are psions," he said, as if that explained everything. "So?" "You have no appreciation for how rare you are." The Scavenger was an orphan raised by humans. She did not even know she was a mutant until she met him. "You are the strongest psion of your generation," and he never expected to encounter someone so... insignificant who could rival him. Psychometry - not precognition - was one of his powers. He could - like the Scavenger - read objects if he touched them, receive visions, but he knew nothing of her. If he had foreseen this, he would have found her before she was poisoned by the empath and Han Solo. "I'm strong enough to stop you." "You could be," he acknowledged, "If you had the training." "I have Master Luke." Behind her the freezer door and the rows of milk jugs began to shake, but Rey refused to give him the satisfaction of a reaction. She focused on keeping her mind blank and hoped her face didn't betray the concentration it took. "For now." "What's that supposed to mean?" "Rey?" Finn's voice distracted her - and Kylo too, who promptly lost control and shattered the glass door with a shudder of rage. "Rey!" She was too startled to move, looking down at the cloudy slivers covering the ground. When she looked up again, Kylo Ren was gone and she absently ran a hand over the three buns at the back of her head. Her fingers came away bleeding, and she realized she'd cut herself on the shards in her hair. "Kriff," she muttered dazedly. Her thumb started to sting. "Rey- are you okay?" Finn caught up to her then, and his worried face swam into view as he gripped her by elbows. She tried to shrug him off, mumbling about the glass, but he didn't listen. "What did he do to you?" "Yeah, nothing," she answered both questions with a belated nod, met Finn's eyes and tried to smile. "I'm fine. He just... wanted to talk." "Really?" Finn sounded dubious. He didn't need to use his powers to read the tightness in her shoulders and the furrow in her brow. Recovering from her surprise, Rey started to dust herself off in earnest, ignoring the wide-eyed looks and the whispers of gawking grocery store patrons peering out from aisles six to twelve. "He tried to recruit me," again, "threatened the Resistance," again , "the usual." People were staring. She didn't hear them in her head but she knew what they were thinking. "We better go." So much for not making a scene . Master Luke was waiting for her at the Academy and she spent the rest of the afternoon in his office. That night Rey couldn't sleep at all but the First Order didn't barge through the front gates. A week later there was still no word from them, and despite her best efforts, she couldn't pick up anything from Kylo Ren. No visions, no thoughts. Either he was out of range or he was wearing his helmet. It shielded his mind from telepathic intrusion. He could be anywhere , doing anything , and there was no way for her to know. "Rey?" "I've got it!" She spun around with the chocolate cake in hand, cool under her fingers from spending the afternoon on the refrigerator. She didn't want to think about Kylo Ren right now because she didn't want him to ruin something else - and tonight was Jess Pava's birthday. Poe Dameron leaned against the doorframe. "I had no doubt," he assured her, lips twitching in amusement. "I was coming to ask what you wanted to drink." "Water?" Rey didn't drink alcohol but even if she did, she was still two years away from being legal so her options were limited. She lifted the cake and said, "Where do you want this?" "Living room," he replied, "I'll show you." Rey followed Poe out of the kitchen and saw that they had pushed the couches against the wall and the tables too, which were covered in party food: three pizzas, a bowl of chips, guacamole, salad skewers, popcorn, trail mix, and sugar cookies. Between the pizzas and the chips was a space for the cake. With Poe's help, she lifted it out of the box and set it down on the table, smiling down at the brightly piped HAPPY BIRTHDAY TESTOR! Over the next few minutes, people filtered into the room and by the time the guest of honor arrived, Rey was halfway through her third slice of pizza. She and Finn stood in the back - strategically by the food - as Jess walked into the party and was instantly crowded by her squadron. Together they sang happy birthday, cut the cake, and hooked up portable speakers to Temmin Wexley's laptop. "Birthday parties are weird, aren't they?" Rey glanced sideways at Finn. "A little," she admitted over the sound of the music, watching as Poe pulled Jess into the middle of the room to dance. Others followed. "I don't even know when my birthday is." "Yeah," he nodded in response, "Phasma used to say birthdays were self-indulgent." He was taught that celebrating someone for being born gave them an inflated sense of self-importance, since it really wasn't their accomplishment at all. It was their parents' and his were dead. "Really?" Finn shrugged, then put down his Coke. "But she's not in charge anymore," not of him, anyway, because he got out and he was still alive. That right there was worth celebrating. He smiled at Rey. "So what do you say? Want to dance?" She opened her mouth to decline - because she wasn't a very good dancer - but one look at Finn's earnest face and she couldn't. This was the first birthday party she'd ever been to. Why not dance? "Sure," she said, wiping her hands clean of what remained of the pizza, "Let's go." Rey didn't recognize the songs but the music was quick and catchy, and she swayed to the beat next to Finn. In the middle of the room, Wexley whooped for Poe who was showing off with Jessika as his partner. She turned around, laughing, and clapped her hands together. Rey wasn't surprised that Poe was a really good dancer, because there didn't seem to be anything he couldn't do. Jess caught a glimpse of them and grinned, pushing past her squadron mates to wrap an arm around Rey's shoulder. "I want to go out tonight!" she said to them, "You both have to come! Bring your dancing shoes!" "Already wearing them," Finn replied, happy to be included, "We wouldn't miss-" A piercing alarm cut through the air, wailing over the music and forcing everyone present to clap their hands over their ears, disoriented. Everyone but Poe, who flinched but didn't hesitated, good mood leaking from his face as he left the room and hit a panel on the wall next to the door. He typed in a five digit code and the beeping stopped. Rey's ears were still ringing, even after Wexley yanked the audio cord out of his laptop and turned off the music. "What's the matter with you, BB-8?" Poe spoke into the wall, pressing a button which allowed him to communicate with the AI. It was a new system uploaded to replace the R2-D2 security program which ran the original Academy. It beeped back at him a variety of sounds that Rey couldn't make out, but no one needed to 'speak' computer to know something was wrong. "Poe?" He stuck his head back into the room, and he grimaced. "Turn on the news." Finn was the one who found the remote next to the popcorn, and he fiddled with the controls for a few seconds until he found the 'power' button and the right channel. The TV was muted but they didn't need to hear what was happening. It was being filmed by helicopter, a wobbly, grainy image of flames engulfing the downtown. WESTCHESTER BANK FIRE: MOTIVE UNCLEAR - MUTANT SUSPECTED IN POSSIBLE ARSON. "It's the First Order," Rey blurted out, and she knew she wasn't the only one thinking it. Kylo Ren made his presence in New York known for a reason, and he tracked her down fully aware of what she'd do: turn around and tell the Academy. If this was anything like the Hosnian fire, firemen and hoses weren't going to cut it. The flames were too hot. "What would the First Order want with a bank?" Jessika asked, hands on her hips, "It's not a front for S.H.I.E.L.D." "We'll figure it out when we get there," Poe said, shifting into leadership mode, "Rapier Squadron, suit up. BB-8, prep the X-Jet, and wait for my orders." He wanted his team to be prepared. But until he had evidence of the First Order's presence on scene, Poe wouldn't call them in. The party broke up quickly after that, until only five of them were left in the room. "Testor, you're with me. Snap, you're on recon-" "I want to go with him," Rey interrupted, stepping forward to stop Wexley before he teleported out of the room. "Me too." Poe spared them both a glance. "Are you sure?" "We can guarantee our own safety," she insisted, "If Kylo Ren is there, you need me. And Finn's got the training, you know he does. We can help." "Snap?" "It's fine with me." Poe sighed. "Alright," he was reluctant, but agreed, "We'll meet you there. The priority is putting out the fire and clearing civilians. Is that understood?" Finn nodded. "Rey?" "I understand." "Good. Let's move." Rey and Finn cut through the foyer and walked outside onto the lawn, no change of clothes necessary because neither of them were technically on the team. Within a minute, maybe two, she heard a pop from behind her and spun around to see the three of them in uniform. A beat later and Poe was off the ground, accelerating faster than a sports car several feet into the air, where he hovered briefly, "Testor?" "I'm on your six, X-Wing," she confirmed, holding out her hands. The breeze picked up, currents of air spiraling into gusts of wind heavy enough to rustle the bushes outside the Academy and bend the branches of nearby trees. Jess pulled the wind to her and it swept under her feet and picked her up. "Kicking the First Order's ass on my birthday," she said, the wind carrying her words down to them, "Guess wishes really do come true." "Our turn." Snap put a hand on her shoulder and one on Finn's, and without warning he teleported the three of them from the lawn of the Academy to downtown Westchester, less than a block from the bank. Rey stumbled slightly and Snap assured her that the squirrely sensation would pass. "I'm going to take a look inside the perimeter. You two need to wait here for the cavalry." Before Rey could protest, Snap teleported out of sight with a pop . She exchanged a look with Finn. "I'm not waiting. We can help contain this fire," Luke had been teaching her how to apply her telekinesis defensively. Maybe she could force the flames back, to keep it from spreading. "You focus on that. I'll search for the First Order," he suggested, so that Rey wouldn't split her concentration between telepathy and telekinesis. Reading emotions gave people away just as easily, and Finn knew what he was looking for. The two of them walked towards the fire, with Finn distracting the uniforms so they could slip unnoticed between the emergency vehicles and the barricade. And even though she knew her priority was protecting the civilians, she couldn't shake the certainty that Ren was here. Rey was determined to find him first. Notes: I'm so grateful for the very encouraging feedback I've received about this cross-over! Thank you very much :) I'm also ecstatic that there are other X-Men/SW/Reylo fans out there on the interwebs -waves gleefully- I appreciate anyone who has given this story a chance, it means the world to me. I hope to have chapter three up by the weekend!