Hux packed up all of his papers, scooping them into his briefcase. One coworker, a tall, brunette man with prominent features, waved goodbye to him. Hux tried to drag up a convincing smile up through the sorrow. He almost succeeded. Pulling on his long, black coat, he dived out into the cold air of the evening. Hux walked quickly to his car, flicking the heating up high and warming his hands. By now, the way to the hospital was muscle memory, so he did not need directions. The seat next to him stayed cold, as it had done for months now. Standing on the bridge of the Finaliser, Kylo Ren grinned. Not that anyone saw that, because of his mask, but he did it anyway. The planet that had offended the First Order went up in flames before him, the orange glow reaching out into the darkness around it. Kylo enjoyed the power he felt, dancing down to his hands and gathering in his fingertips. The long cloak he always wore weighed heavily on his shoulders, dragging on the floor behind him. He had an urge to share what he was feeling; "Isn't it wonderful, General?" A not unpleasantly high voice at his shoulder spoke, his words a breath against Ren’s ear; "Yes. Violently wonderful." But when Kylo turned to the voice, an old man stood there, his face grim and his voice low and broken, "That's that job done. Let's get going." The Jedi knight did a double take. Wasn't the general usually... younger? More attractive? The man who stood before him was the exact opposite of... The thought disintegrated as soon as he touched it - like mist on a sunny field. He was sure there was a name that he knew... that he loved. He remembered saying the name, moaning it, shouting it. But it was gone, like the perfume of someone who walks swiftly past you. He growled, facing the 'General', "Where to next?" "Hi, Ben... I'm back!" Hux laughed nervously, settling into the seat next to Ben's bed. The gentle beeping of the heart rate machine beside him was like a deathly metronome. He used it to focus, to distract him from the pit below him. He was so near the edge. So, so close. Hux listened to Ben's breathing for a moment before speaking again; "I had a busy day at work... Met a new coworker, and he seems nice. Not like that, but... well, you know what I mean." Hux's voice caught, and he had to swallow twice before he could speak again. "Rey dropped in to the flat yesterday evening, just to check on how I was. She brought a bottle of champagne, which was nice." He cleared his throat again, "I found an old photo album of us. When we met, and when you proposed. I was in a reminiscing mood, so I had a look at our wedding photos." Here, Hux had to stop. An ugly choking noise crawled its way up his throat. He couldn't hold it back this time. A passing nurse heard his sobbing, unsure of wether to try and comfort him. She took a peek into the room and decided against it. Hux pressed Ben's hand against his forehead, entwining their fingers. The nurse couldn't avoid hearing the red-haired man's pleas; "Ben, I just want you back. Please, please. I can't do this. I need you here, with me." The edge of the pit yawned back, and Hux fell without a scream; He wasn't surprised. The screeching alarm that sat by his bed ripped Kylo about of a pleasurable dream. For once, the images stayed with him. A strange collage of feelings and moments that were not from his own memory. First, he had sat in a green space with a shorter, red-haired man with striking green eyes. Kylo knew he was the apparition from the day before - the imaginary General. They had sat and eaten a picnic amid growing tension. When this tightness made it hard to breathe, they had given in and ended up locked around one another; hands in hair and legs tangled. Then came the wedding; a day so joyous that Kylo couldn't describe it in words. After this, the images became hazy. Finally, in a flash of pain, it all vanished and only sound was left. Kylo thought he had heard the weeping of a broken heart, but reality had swooped back in and taken over. His duties aboard the Finaliser were calling, and the world of dreams was left behind. Commander Snoke would probably be angry he had let his mind open. He would be more careful in the future. When Hux's mind resurfaced after days of grey monotony, Phasma was standing at his door, a worried look on her face. Hux's aunt, a woman surprisingly young for her place in his family, was a force to be reckoned with. She had raised Hux, after his parents had died, even thought she was unmarried. This time, she did not look happy. "Brendol Hux, what a state you are in!" She pushed past him into the small, messy flat, tutting as she went. Hux followed her grudgingly, limbs heavy and mouth set in a line. She spun around, her expressions thunderous, "You have not been taking care of yourself, Hux, and I am disappointed." She breathed, and spat out her next words, "And Ben would be disappointed too." Hux gasped, letting out a choked sop at the mention of his name. Immediately, Phasma's face softened; wrapping her arms around him, "Oh, Hux, I had no idea how bad..." She faded away, unsure of what to say. They sat together on the grimy sofa, and Hux told her everything he had not been able to say. "They hospital don't know what to do. They can't help him anymore, they just have to let him lie there. All he does is breathe. They say that he can h-hear you, so I go in and I tell him... I tell him mundane things. Unimportant things. I thought I could do it. I did, for a while... But I can't anymore, Phas. It hurts too much." "Kylo, you are distracted." Snoke's booming voice called, dragging the Knight out of his daydream. "I am... sorry, Supreme Leader. Recently I have been having dreams, or recollections, about a life I don't remember fully. They have puzzled me greatly." "How unusual... What are these recollections?" The strange form questioned, hunching forwards. Kylo hesitated. He didn't want to tell the Supreme Leader some of the more... personal dreams, and something about his 'husband' seemed utterly private. It felt wrong to tell anyone about him. Snoke made a sound that was probably a laugh, "You are worried I will tell you to close your mind completely. Why is that?" Kylo was silent, so his superior spoke again, "You do not want to remove these dreams, no?" "You are right. I enjoy them, and the story they tell." Kylo looked down, ashamed. "I understand. I believe I know what is wrong." It's teeth were bared in a grotesque grin, and Kylo felt a sinking feeling in his gut. With Phasma's assistance, Hux was back to work for the beginning of the next week, and he had almost returned to his normal self. But being at work had its challenges too. Namely, Mitaka, Hux's new coworker. The man was not bad looking, in Hux's opinion, but he was persistent. Hux was not ready to think about anyone other than Ben; although he had had to accept that, at some point, he may have to move on. The pain of waiting was more than the pain of forgetting. But Ben wasn't that far gone yet, so Hux stayed loyal. This Mitaka had other ideas, however. "Uh, Hux, would you like to... maybe go for coffee some time?" He batted his long eyelashes, a cheeky grin on his face. Hux sighed, "Look, Mitaka, I'm really sorry, but I can't. I'm... taken." He wiggled his wedding ring in the man's direction. Mitaka had the decency to look a little surprised. "Why the hesitation?" He pried deeper, his dark eyes dancing. Hux hated to have to explain, but it was the only thing that would get the young man off his tail. "My husband is currently in a coma. I am not looking for temporary amusement while he's ill, either." He coughed, "So if you don't mind, I have work to do." He pushed past him, gripping on to the papers in his hands like they were a rope to keep him from drowning. Kylo sat, silent. He worked on blocking out everything. Snoke had asked him to barricade his mind to the tricks of the force, but Kylo knew that if he did, he would lose touch with the man he had fallen so in love with all over again. So, instead of blocking everything, he focused in on his dreams, channelling the memories so that he was surrounded by them. The dream’s colours and kisses and soft words curled around him tighter and tighter; his eyes smarted and light danced before them; his hands tingled, his skin tightening; and his throat closed around something which was stopping him breathing properly. And all he heard was the sound of battle ships streaming across the sky as everything brightened more than his eyes could comprehend. Hux had brought in a film for them to watch. He had felt lonely, and couldn't face another night on his own with only food and alcohol for company. So, he had picked up a film without really looking at what it was - about the sort of sci-fi blockbuster that Ben had always loved - and taken it to the hospital to watch by his husband's side. He arrived mid-afternoon, put down his small bag of snacks and slid the film into the DVD player that pivoted from the ceiling. About fifteen minutes through, the machine measuring Ben's heart rate started making loud beeping sounds. Hux told a nurse, who dismissed it as unimportant. Then, Ben’s prone form twitched, his hands and feet clenching and unclenching. The nurse that Hux called this time seemed more bothered. She waited in the room, frowning at the film being left on. But Hux thought that perhaps the sounds of a sci-fi film had woken something in his brain up. It was a long shot, but he had to hope. Finally, Ben gasped in a painful-sounding breath of his own, and his eyes snapped open. They reflected panic, until they met Hux's face. The red-head stepped back to let the nurse remove all of the instruments that had been helping him breathe, desperate to hold his hand or kiss him or have some sort of contact. Finally, the nurse left and they were alone. Hux dived forwards, laying his head on Ben's chest and trying not to cry again. "You're finally awake!" "Yes... I am." He pulled back to look his husband in the eyes, "Hux? That's it, right?" "Yes, that's me." Ben breathed a sigh of relief, smiling. He finally knew his name. "I've had the weirdest dream, you know?" Ben ran his hand through his husband's hair, frowning at how long it had gotten. "Really?" He could hear the tears in Hux's voice. "Yeah, I was a guy who had these magic powers, and it was all in space." His eyes caught the film playing on the screen above him and he laughed, "A bit like that, actually." Hux laughed with him, not caring about why he had woken up, but just glad that he had. Later on, Ben picked up the cover of the DVD that had fallen onto the floor in Hux's mad rush to hold him. He frowned, "Star Wars?" He muttered, puzzled. The other man looked up, "Apparently it's popular. I think it's about space and there are these guys with-" "Magic powers?" Ben gave him a knowing look, and the red-head laughed. "How strange! We should watch it again and see if there are any similarities with your dream." Ben made an uncomfortable sound, worried that it would not help his recovery. Hux chuckled, settling back down and closing his eyes, clinging to his husband so he didn't fall off of the bed. Ben followed him into sleep, his eyelids heavy despite the sunlight pouring in through the window. And, flying through space in the largest ship in the galaxy, Kylo Ren awoke, gasping for breath and unsure where he was. The room to his quarters slid open, and a thin man in a black uniform stood there. He tipped his angular face and smiled, an expression void of warmth, but somehow still vulnerable. His bright green eyes glowed as he said, "Kylo Ren, I am afraid the General has passed away in the night. I have stepped up as his replacement - my name is Brendol Hux."