December, 1927 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The band was warming up when Finn stepped into the low light of the bar, rain trickling down his face and neck. It was nice, ducking off the grey streets into the familiar warmth of old wood and lamplight. He'd call it cosy if the place weren't a haven for unsavoury characters. Knowing that technically he belonged on that list was still hard for him to wrap his head around. He may be a bartender in a shady speakeasy, sure, but aside from that he was a pretty decent fellow. At least, he hoped so. And the place itself wasn't as sleazy as folks made it out to be. Thugs kept the peace and the owner held a strict 'no fighting' policy. All that and the nightly vaudeville pulled in a pretty varied group. Even a big shot or two turned up every once in awhile asking for favours. Not to brag, but they had more than a few private reserves stored under their floorboards, secure as anything. Chaplin, Swanson, even some politicians. If you wanted to keep your brew safe from the coppers, you came to The Castle. After dumping his stuff behind the bar Finn tied an apron around his waist, humming along with the band as he made his way over to the stage with a daisy tucked in his armband for Rey. You'd think a flapper would be opposed to this old-age nonsense, but Rey thought it was cute. In the early days Finn had developed a bit of a crush on her. Then it was made clear after awhile that her interest lay elsewhere. Didn't mean that Finn would quit being chivalrous, though. "How was the date?" Rey called out, hearing his step outside. Finn covered his eyes when he stepped into the dressing room, for modesty's sake, but that just made everybody laugh. It wasn't his fault that growing up in a Catholic orphanage had some side effects. "Aw, quit being such a bluenose, Finn. For Chrissake you draw naked women in your spare time." "That's different." Finn insisted, peeking one eye out from between his fingers. Having had an earful Rey grabbed him by the arm and draped her get-up over it. Hold on, he didn't remember signing on as a coatrack. "The least you could do is make yourself useful." Rey laughed, seeing his indignant expression. "So, blind date number twelve. What's the verdict?" "Flat tire." Finn mumbled as Rey pulled on her stockings and shimmied into her dress. "Quit setting me up with drugstore cowboys, would you?" "Poor bunny. Gave you the icy mitt, did he?" Rey asked, holding out her earrings. Finn clipped them on while she touched up her lipstick. It wasn't uncommon for Finn to drop into the dressing room for a little visit before the evening rush. You'd think that would cause a scandal among the dancers, but not a single one had the slightest interest in him. As a matter of fact a vast majority had their kohl-lined eyes set on Rey. "You'll find somebody, I promise. And if you don't I'm going to middle-aisle it with you myself." "Good to know I got you in the reserves." Smiling, he slid the flower into her headband and stepped back to take a look. It matched her costume, thankfully. Last time it had been an orange marigold with a purple dress and apparently that was unacceptable. "But you're gonna keep up the search, right?" "Pos-i-lute-ly." Rey declared with a kiss. "Now get back to work, fiancé. I'm expecting a three-month engagement ring." "Then you shouldn't expect much." Finn rubbed the bright red smear on his cheek while the dancers laughed him out of the room. Back in front of house he noticed the crates of whiskey stacked by the door, a new brew from a rum mill down in Boston. He snuck a swig and grimaced. Right, that's why he didn't touch the stuff. After unloading it all and wiping everything down until it glowed Finn stationed himself behind the bar with the paper and a mug of coffee. One article in particular made him smile. According to the reporter the speakeasy bust force was on a roll, shutting down the hives of scum and villainy left and right. But being something of an insider, Finn knew that for every one that got busted, another six cropped up, usually with the same owners. Nothing would get between New Yorkers and their booze, no sir. The folks piled in as the sun went down, the air getting thick with their cigarettes and chatter. A bell bottom parading around with his blue serge, two dolls necking in the corner, men in dresses, women in suits, mixing and mingling like a melting pot on simmer. In short, the usual crowd. Finn wasn't much for idle chatter himself, but it was nice background noise. When the place started to look more like a petting party than anything else the band kicked it up a notch, drawing all eyes to the glittery dancers peeking out of the wings. Rey winked at Finn as she hoofed across the stage, her beaded skirt flipping up whenever she kicked. She always caused quite a stir with the audience. Finn rolled his eyes while the crowd whooped and whistled. On his part, he was a bit of a heeler. Seemed as though he was born with two left feet. Speaking of which, he heard a dancing step on the stairs and looked up, grinning when he spotted a familiar pair of polished wingtips. Well, wouldn't you know? "Call me nutty," Finn began as Poe slid onto a barstool. "But I think you've been avoiding me." "Now what gives you that impression?" Poe teased, shaking the rain out of his disheveled curls. That's the only way Finn could tell he had just gotten off the job. If his hair was in perfect order, Poe hadn't worked that night. If it looked like he had just rolled out of bed, odds are he had bumped a guy off. A trouble boy if Finn had ever seen one. "You're not exactly on the up and up. Thought you might've been pinched. Or worse, reformed." Finn slid a beer across the bar and added a pinch of salt, making the foam bubble up over the rim. "So where've you been, commander?" "On a three-month long bender." Poe laughed into his snifter. He licked the foam from his lips and Finn nearly dropped the glass he was cleaning. Damn this sap and his stupid, pretty face. It was strange. By definition, he should be an unsavoury character, but Mafia connections and the simple fact that he was on a chopper squad aside, the man was a sweetheart. "Don't I get a welcome back kiss?" "Well, since you asked so nicely..." But just as Finn leant in someone grabbed him by the apron and yanked him backwards. The squawk that was startled out of him was sorta embarrassing. "Back to work, you." Maz chided, giving Finn a quick smack as she walked by. "Or d'you want to be tossed out into the snow?" It was always a shock for people when they realised the place was run by the tiny eccentric in goggles and a blue knit cap. It didn't help that she would occasionally pop up from under the bar, just to give the patrons a little scare. A funny old bird, this one. But Finn liked her all the same. After all, he had come about his job behind the bar simply because Maz was something of a connoisseur when it came to down-on-their luck creatives. Musicians, dancers, anyone who couldn't ply their trade anyplace else. Finn's contribution were the paintings hung haphazardly around the bar and by the piano. Surrealist stuff, mostly. Although the occasional figure drawing was thrown up to hide the bullet holes in the ornate deco wallpaper. He owed a lot to Maz, and was expected to pay it all back. "No ma'am." Finn laughed, swatting at Poe when he nuzzled closer. "That's what I thought." Maz nodded in satisfaction and went on her way, hopping up onto the bar and pushing apart a couple of kids sharing a stool and necking. "Not in my bar, young'uns. Same goes for you, too." she added, giving Poe a stern look. He saluted and threw back the last of his beer. "No worries, Maz. I'll keep him in check." He pecked Finn on the cheek before sliding off of his stool with a grin. "In the meantime, I think I'll go peek at the dancers, see if they can't convert me." "Nothing could do that. Come back when you realise you're a lost cause, alright? I'm not through with you yet." he called as Poe sauntered over to his usual table by the stage, a whistle on his lips and a wiggle in his walk. Finn's shift couldn't be over soon enough. The night passed with no major interruption. A handful of people were given the bum's rush and the doorman rang the warning bell a few times, but other than that it was smooth sailing. Seems as though the bulls were patrolling their part of town tonight. Just in case they got raided Finn kept one hand on the lever that would tip the shelves of booze into the sewers under the bar. Clever contraption, actually. Rey had had a hand in building it. The night was winding down when another familiar face popped in to say hello. Finn smiled and pushed Jess' regular towards her, jake in the tallest glass on hand. Finn didn't touch the stuff, seeing as it was actual medicine, but Jess held it pretty well. "Long time, Jess. And why're we drinking tonight?" Jess took a swig and pursed her lips, fiddling with the knot of her tie. Already her skin was starting to go a bit pink, but whether it was the booze or nerves, Finn couldn't tell. "See, Finn, I consider you my spiritual advisor." she sighed. "Here's the deal. Not that I'm stuck on Rey or anything, but I know someone who is, and that person would love to know how to go about winning her affections." "Well, you can tell that person that Rey likes flowers." Finn smiled. "She also likes the beach and rollercoasters, so I suggest Coney Island, if you were looking for date night. Why don't you - sorry - why doesn't this someone of yours go and ask her out? Besides, I figure that someone's got enough liquid courage in 'em to kill a racehorse. Sounds ready to me." "Ready as I'll ever be." Jess sighed. Finn gave her a gentle push, absently running a cloth over the bar as Jess shuffled over to the stage. Rey was sitting on the piano and tinkering with some convoluted bit of machinery when Jess walked up, red as a tomato. Moment of truth, but apparently the smile Rey greeted her with was too much. Jess opened her mouth, shut it, and slunk away with her tail between her legs. Finn raised a glass in solemn salute and she flipped him off on her way out. Oh, well. Maybe some other night. After Jess' dramatic exit everybody else started to file out, sighing about babysitters and work and the goddamned rent collector who'd be banging on the door tomorrow morning. While the band winded down and the stage was swept of feathers and beads Finn beckoned Poe over to the bar, grinning when he teetered over, a bit of an edge on him, from the look of it. "We're closing up shop. You might wanna skedaddle." he warned. "I don't think I do." Poe rested his elbows on the sleeve-polished bar and grinned. Being just a little bit buzzed made him bold enough to reach out and undo Finn's bowtie, unbutton the first couple buttons on his shirt. Finn liked where this was going. "Let me convince you, then." Finn laced his fingers around Poe's tie and gave it a firm tug, pulling him in for a kiss. His lips were raw and burning, but Finn didn't give a damn. Three months was a long time to go without this. "I missed you, too." Poe breathed, lips still flush against Finn's. Finn hummed in agreement, but the moment was ruined by the sound of the dressing room door being kicked shut and Rey's high-pitched, jerky whistling. So much for privacy. "Jesus, Finn. Go give him a tumble someplace else, would you?" Rey complained, hopping onto the counter and tossing her kitten heels behind the bar. Poe pulled away from Finn and smirked, watching him adjust Rey's newsboy cap. For such a spiffy dancer, she was a real rag-a-muffin behind the scenes. "Hey there, limey." "Commander." Rey's eyes sidled between the two of them and she sighed like a matchmaking granny who's plans had gone awry. "Now why can't you just make an honest man outta Finn already? I'm sick of setting him up for blind dates when Prince Charming is right here." "No romance. A strictly symbiotic relationship." Finn said firmly. "Although I gotta say it is a particularly symbiotic relationship. It works out pretty well, right?" "Yep. No problems here. I'm pretty happy with this. " Poe laughed nervously. No, no he wasn't. If you want the honest truth, Poe was stuck on the guy. Rey knew it, from the look on her face. Poe was well and truly a terrible liar. How he'd survived so long in the criminal underworld was a mystery. "Fine, stay in denial if that's what you want." She kicked Poe's arm and kissed Finn on the cheek as she hopped off of the bar and skipped off. "I'll leave you rabbits alone. Nighty-night." "I'll be seeing you." The door slammed shut and Finn turned back to Poe with a smile. "Rabbits, huh?" "Rabbits." Poe threw back one more shot and cleared his throat. "As contrary as I am, I have to say that sounds about right." "I have to agree." Finn cupped Poe's chin in his hand and pulled him back into a kiss, relieving him of his coat. "You didn't just drop in for a friendly chat, did you?" "You tell me." Poe stepped back as Finn vaulted the bar, eager to get started. This was a habit of theirs, pitching woo in closets and the shadowy corner behind the piano. Anywhere but an actual bed, Poe realised as Finn dragged him into the backroom. Something about sharing a bunk seemed unusually intimate, made their harmless fun a little too sincere for his tastes. While Finn fiddled with the gaslight Poe flopped onto the dusty old couch and closed his eyes, one hand absently rubbing over his crotch. Someone high up had been here earlier, from the smell of Seubert cigars in the air and the crystal glasses on the poker table. Real classy. Made him think of that summer in Tinseltown. Now that was his kind of place. But then again, Poe realised when he opened one eye to see Finn standing shirtless above him, you couldn't get a guy like this anywhere but right here in New York. "Now how can I do this if you have clothes on?" Finn asked, smoothing a hand down Poe's arm. Poe smiled and stretched, looking as innocent as possible when Finn undid his chest holster and pulled out the handgun Poe was constantly carrying. "Are you really making me undress you?" "Yep." "What a gentleman." Finn sighed. With that he dropped to his knees and set to work on Poe's belt. Not much preamble, but that was alright. This part of the arrangement suited both of them just fine. More than just fine, Poe reflected as Finn licked a careful stripe up his cock. Just that was enough to make him moan, which Finn seemed to appreciate. "Good?" "Oh, buddy." Poe huffed out a sigh and tilted his head back, legs spread wide and lazy. "You don't know how much I've missed this." "A lot, from the look of it." Finn smirked, kissing along the throbbing vein on the underside of Poe's cock and making him shiver. If Finn wasn't mistaken, that was a whimper he just heard. Now that was a pretty picture. Poe Dameron, notorious hitman with a warrant out for his arrest, mewling like a kitten in Finn's hold. Seemed almost too good to be true. They settled on a easy rhythm, Finn holding Poe's hips in place while he kissed and sucked, grinning whenever Poe let out a particularly throaty groan. "If we had neighbours, they'd be complaining." Finn laughed. Poe snorted and swatted the top of Finn's head, having no better argument. "How do we feel about gags?" "Get me off now, kinky shit later." Poe gasped out. Later would come pretty soon, if the way Poe's thighs were trembling meant anything. "Whatever you say." Finn took a break from sucking to nuzzle against Poe's thigh, still pumping him slow and easy. Poe sank deeper into the cushions and ran a hand over Finn's sculpted shoulder, tensing up a bit when Finn took him in again. This sure beat the five minutes to himself he usually caught between jobs. Finn went all the way down and Poe bucked, biting back Finn's name as his cock twitched and he spilled into Finn's mouth. He slumped with a drawn out moan, absently petting the top of Finn's head. That conveyed gratitude, right? "You wanna..." Words were hard to come by, so Poe just gestured vaguely at the bulge in Finn's crotch. Not the clearest signal, but Finn knew him well enough to get his meaning. "Not in my Sunday best. You've made enough of a mess as it is." he complained hoarsely, sucking the come off his fingers. Boy, if Poe hadn't been speechless before, that definitely would have done it. "Next time, then." His voice was lazy and thick, even in his own ears. Seems as though the rotgut was making a comeback. You'd think it have been sweated out of his system by now. Poe ran his fingers over Finn's face, pausing to stroke his lower lip. One more kiss wouldn't do much harm. "Cash or check?" "Sorry, Father Time. Bank's closed for the night." Finn gave Poe's cock a squeeze and got to his feet, putting their clothes back together as he went. "Think you'll be alive when the next opportunity rolls around?" "Aw, dry up, would you? I'm not that old." As though to prove him wrong Finn straddled him and tried smoothing out the smile lines crinkling up around Poe's eyes. When he couldn't manage it Poe sighed. Fine, he had a point, but Poe didn't have to like it. "You're hurting my feelings." "And yet, you keep coming back. So how long can you stay away this time?" Finn laughed. Well, that was a really good question. Poe considered it while Finn kissed his neck, fingers skimming over his stomach. It had gone a bit spongy after the war. Who had the time to work out? Well, Finn did, Poe reflected. It was like necking with a marble statue. With a frame like that it was no wonder that Finn was something of an vamp, truth be told. God knows why he'd decided to shack up with Poe. But they weren't dating, understand. Hell, all Finn knew about Poe was that he knocked people off for a living. And Poe just knew that Finn had run away from an orphanage in the bible belt and managed to find his way to New York. The how and why of it were unclear, on both sides. As a matter of fact, this whole arrangement they had going was pretty blurry. The lines were drawn, sure, but between the kisses and the hugs and the mutual agreement that neither of them was looking for a relationship, Poe didn't quite know what to think. "Anyone home?" Poe snapped out of his ruminating stupor when Finn rapped his forehead with his knuckles. "You smoked or something? I'll walk you out, call you a cab if you like." "I can manage. But you might wanna make sure I can walk in a straight line, first." "I'm walking you out." Finn decided as he pulled Poe to his feet and out the door. For a moonshiner, he could be awful responsible at times. After making Poe walk the length of the alley Finn nodded in satisfaction and gave him a congratulatory kiss. "You're clear." "Jake." Poe laughed, dusting the snow off of Finn's vest. It wasn't thick enough to stick, but a few stubborn flakes clung to Finn's long lashes and dusted his shoulders. It actually made him look a bit like a powdered donut. Poe couldn't help but snort at the breakthrough. "What's so funny?" Finn demanded, feigning indignation. "You are. It's adorable." It was an offhand comment, but something very strange happened when Poe said that. Finn ducked his head, his cheeks flushed even darker. Poe tried to catch his eye but Finn was hitting on all six cylinders to avoid him. That was new. "You..." Finn began, his voice a couple pitches higher than before. And there goes his reputation as a suave casanova. It was nearly impossible to get this guy to quit running his jaw, and here Poe had done it with a couple sentences. As far as accomplishments go, this one was pretty high on the list. "I?" Poe stepped even closer and smiled, starting to enjoy himself. Maybe at Finn's expense, but he couldn't help it. What could he say? Flustered was a good look on him. "You really are smoked." Finn blurted out. At that he scurried off, easily pulling himself onto the fire escape ladder and clambering up to his apartment, heedless of the ice threatening his every move. Seems as though he was pretty anxious to skip out. "So this is goodnight, I wager?" Poe called, watching Finn clamber back inside through the window. He winced as the snow that had sloughed off of the sill hit the top of his head. Well, that was a goodbye if Poe had ever heard one. Having no other option he flipped up the collar of his jacket and lit a cig, counting on it to keep him warm in Finn's absence. God, that guy confused all hell outta him. Notes: I was looking through my stuff and realised that all of my fics take place in New York. I spent too much time there growing up, I guess. Chapter 2 : January, 1928 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "He's late." Sal growled, lighting what had to be his twelfth cig and tapping his fingers nervously on his briefcase. He hadn't packed it all that tight, and little bits of green were poking out the edges. Looked like either a hefty bribe or a rabbit's lunch. "Easy, Sally. Tony likes to play games. Thinks he's a head doctor." Poe said comfortably. He rested against the bar and tilted his head back, wrinkling his nose when he saw what was stuck to the ceiling. The owners of this dive knew that you have to replace the fly paper, right? "You're an easy target, I guess." “Watch your mouth. Just 'cause you're a big earner doesn't mean I won't tan your flitty hide.” Sal threatened. Poe had to bite back a laugh at that one. Yeah, like this punk could scare him. Sal had started as a small time booster in Manhattan, somehow clawing his way into the Morello family web. A bit of an empty suit, but his mama’s money was a good enough reason to let the guy stick around. God knows the poor woman was rolling around in her grave, seeing what her beloved son was doing with all that inheritance. Old Tommy Reina had sent Poe along to babysit while Sal went through with his first assignment, exchanging dues with some loanshark. Poe didn't quite understand at first what he was doing there. The pay was good, nothing grand or anything, but it all seemed a bit too menial a task for a man of Poe's talents. Like telling Rembrandt to go paint a john. But after a little digging of his own, it all started to make a bit more sense. After Sal smoked up half his deck and the streetlights came on outside, the bell on the door jingled, making Sal jump. Tony's man held the door and he strutted in like some kinda prize rooster, shaking the slush off of his Oxfords while he considered the joint. It was empty aside from Sal and Poe. The barkeep had had the good sense to skedaddle when Poe suggested it. When he decided the place was to his satisfaction Tony caught Poe's eye and a sneer spread across his scarred-up mug. He jerked a nod at Poe and turned to Sal for an explanation. “A wetback in your ranks, huh? Never would've guessed. Where’s Joe?” “Away.” Poe chimed in helpfully, a smile on his face. Greeting them with a grin threw off even the roughest of crooks. "Twelve years for tax evasion." Joe had been one of Reina's usual enforcers, and something of a lug. You'd think a guy who considered motorcade murders a hobby would get cuffed for something a bit more exciting. "Didn't ask you, illegal. Reina send this joker along, Sal?" "Yeah. Friend of mine, I guess." he said by way of introduction. "He's no button man, lemme tell you that." "I plan on keeping it that way." Poe had one rule: Never sign on to a family. There was safety in that, sure, but the second he became some Don’s soldier was the second he’d put a bullet in his skull. He liked calling his own shots, and that just didn’t line up with the whole family business model. But at least Poe had the decency to say so upfront. Because of that he was appreciated by the guys up top. The Dons paid discreetly for his services, and after the problem was dealt with Poe faded into the background, always leaving a fall guy behind him. Nothing had ever been traced back to him or his customers, so loyalties stayed intact and the cash kept flowing. Now that was a business model. Tonight, Poe's job was this loanshark, Tony. He had gone behind the boss’ back, gotten himself some police protection, sang like a canary to a bull after one drink too many. To put it lightly, he was in serious trouble. But he didn't have to know it quite yet. "Your man frisked me at the door. Clean as a whistle. You got all the power here, buddy. I'm just a fire extinguisher." Poe smirked as Tony ranked him, his stache twitching in derision. What a high-hat. Poe knew how he came across to these guys. Most took him for a bindle punk. He looked the part, honestly. Cheap jacket, unshaven, trousers rumpled and faded from washing. What could he say? His work suit had been through the mill. While the other two chewed the fat in rapid-fire Italian Poe stepped behind the bar with the briefcase, running his gloved fingertips over the taps that had nothing to offer but soda, these days. The silverware the barkeep had been polishing seemed to wink back at him, as though they were in on his plan. Hopefully the butterknife wouldn't spill the beans. Having time on his hands Poe let his mind wander to Finn. Either he was at a nude modelling thing or in the ring looking to bag himself some dough. The Queensbury Rules had taken the fun out of bare-knuckle boxing in more affluent circles, but down here business was booming. The prizefighting was easy money, with Finn's build. Poe's revelry around that image got interrupted by the familiar feeling of a muzzle on the back of his skull. Well, that was a treat. "Hand over the dough, and we might go easy on you." Sal snapped when Poe turned around. So him and Tony were in cahoots. Well, Reina owed Poe some money over that bet. "C'mon, Father Time. Hand it over." "You're doing this." Poe said in astonishment. "You're actually doing this." As Sal pulled the trigger Poe yanked Tony into the line of fire instead. Let his ass get fogged at point blank range. When the shot rang out Tony's thug burst into the front room, chopper already on automatic. Poe took a clip to the ear before ducking down behind the bar, the rest of the bullets shattering the mirror behind him and showering him with bits of glass. Damn, that stung. When the gunman paused to reload Poe shot to his feet and threw a knife his way, catching him squarely in the shoulder. He dropped the Gat and cussed, doubling over in pain. Well, that was an opportunity if Poe ever saw one. Poe vaulted the bar and threw a punch, catching the thug in the ribs before hopping back. The thug barrelled forward again when he realised that Poe had nicked his sidearm. After a brief tussle Poe got him in a chokehold and shot him through the head with his own gun. At least the fool had the sense to use a silencer. Poe tucked the smoking pistol surreptitiously into the corpse's holster and let him slump back, his blood giving the wall a paint job. Red wasn't a bad colour, actually. Gave the place some life. Poe took a deep breath and rubbed his bad shoulder, taking in the damage. Sal was at the bar again, fingering a rosary and praying for all he was worth. Not much, but at least he was trying. “You off the track or something?” Poe demanded as he picked his way back over to the bar, looking at the mess. Sal didn't have the head to answer. The man was babbling incoherently, a combination of English and Italian and whimpers. Seemed a bit jingle-brained. His face was flushed but his hand was white and trembling on the bar top. Poe gave him a kind pat, producing a deck out of his back pocket. "I didn't..." Sal stuttered when he caught Poe's eye. "His idea I swear..." "Here, have a smoke. Take the edge off." At that Sal relaxed, grabbing a cig with shaky fingers. "There we go. Nice and easy. Better?" Sal nodded and Poe smiled. "Good." He didn't blink before running a knife right through Sal's hand, sticking in the polished wood with a satisfying thud. He muffled Sal's mouth with a balled up rag, trying not to let him make too much of a racket. It was a shame, really, Poe mused as Sal tried to cry out. Nice counter. "What-" Sal gasped out when Poe pulled away the cloth. He cocked an eyebrow and Sal quieted down, eyes wide and fearful. Now he looked like he was ready to listen. "I've never been great at giving a third, but you got some explaining to do, pal." Poe said simply. He took a gander at the blood pooling on the cracked tiles and sighed. What a mess. Sal talked a big game, but the guy didn’t know for nothing how to pull of a hit. "Tuesday, say two weeks back? Spotted you someplace you shouldn't be. Now why is it," Poe continued, watching tears slide down Sal's cheek as he twisted the blade. "That a fella who swears on the bible he’s with Reina was seen on open territory with Tony, changing an envelope with Maranzono's underboss? You know things ain’t exactly friendly between ‘em. So from what I understand, you and Tony struck up an unsanctioned deal, figured you'd split the cash and skip town." "How'd you know..." "I didn't. Thanks for telling me, though. And here I was thinking I'd let you off easy, maybe even give you a pass." Poe pulled out the pistol he had planted behind the bar and aimed it teasingly at Sal's skull. "But I don't think I want to do that anymore." "Listen, ya halfassed-" Poe squeezed the trigger and the gun went off with a dampened bang. More like a puff, really. Thank the good Lord for mufflers. He eased the body down over the bar and slipped into the kitchen. After balling up his bloody suit jacket and tucking it in the briefcase he opened up a cupboard and pulled out a change of clothes. He had cased the place a couple days earlier, worked out a clean sneak. Sterling sirens started to wail down the block right as he stepped out. The boss must have known the job was rigged. He’d done enough truck with Poe to know that he could pull up a getaway, no sweat. Poe didn't care that he'd been duped all that much, but still, would've been nice to know up front. He trotted down a couple alleyways and hopped the first jitney he saw, tucking his briefcase under the seat and settling back with a sigh. Well, that had been exciting. He'd known from the start that Sal was a gaff, and the kill didn't weigh all that heavy on him, if you want the honest truth. Same goes for the other two. Still, he'd better hit the mattresses for awhile, wait for this to blow over. Actually, he knew just the place. --------- "And what've we got here?" Rey smirked and nudged Poe's nose with her wrench, grinning when he grunted and sat up. "I thought I told Finn to take out the trash last night. What're you doing in this dive?" "Hey, limey." Poe yawned and stretched, trying to work the kink out of his back. He had to tell Maz to buy some more comfortable chairs. "Haven't seen you for a spell." "Mm." Rey shook her head at him, looking vaguely concerned. "You'll break your spine sleeping like that, old man. Finn would kill me if I let his snuggle buddy paralyze himself. Go up to his place. Go on." "I'm not that old." Poe sighed as he got to his feet. Rey tossed him a key and he made his way over the private staircase in the back that led to the apartments. He knew Finn lived up there, but he had never been, personally. He was pretty sure he knew what to expect as he made his way upstairs. A mattress on the floor, maybe a chair or two, your typical one-man flat. So imagine his surprise when he stepped into a cramped, cheerful little front room, warm with reds and yellows and greens. Poe leant against the door and just stared for a bit, take it all in. For one man Finn sure had accumulated a hoard of knickknacks. Coloured bottles lined the windowsill, lighting up the shelves of books and trinkets with scattered rainbows. And if Poe wasn't mistaken there was a violin case tucked in the corner. The place itself was long and narrow, like a boxcar sectioned off into neat little compartments. He felt like his Abuelo was about to walk in, sit him down and tell him some longwinded story about the old country. Poe glanced at the looking glass on the wall, considering the hunk that had been taken out of his ear. It made him look like an alleycat, but the bleeding had already stopped. He got off easy. Booze might do some good, though, clean out the wound a little bit. Only question was where Finn kept the stuff. Poe poked his head into the warm yellow kitchen to find a shoofly pie cooling on the table and lamb stew bubbling in a big blue pot on the tiny stove. It had been on for awhile, from the smell of things. And what a smell it was. The two steps it took to cross the room had Poe's stomach growling. Lord knows who had taught Finn how to cook, but they had done their job well. Finn didn't have any booze to speak of, (a dry barkeep, what are the odds?), but he did have butter cookies. After stepping out of his suit Poe helped himself to one and hunkered down on the couch, feet propped up on the briefcase that had started this mess. What? It was dinnertime. Let the boss wonder what had become of his favourite headhunter. That's what he got for sending Poe in with a goddamned stoolie. Poe was counting out his due when Finn made an appearance in a singlet that didn't leave much to the imagination, a bottle of root beer in one hand and prize money in the other. He'd worked hard for that, as evidenced by his bruises and split lip. The smile that spread across his face when he saw Poe sure wasn't helping to close it back up again. "I'm calling copper." “Sorry for the intrusion. Needed a couch to bleed on." Poe laughed as Finn walked by and flicked his good ear. “That's what Rey said. Hey, you’re not on the lam, are you? I'd be really disappointed if you were.” "Sorry to disappoint, then. How was the fight?" Poe didn't even bother to raise his voice when Finn stepped into the kitchen. The walls were thin enough that every little sound made its way through. Cups clinking, broth bubbling, Finn humming under his breath. Poe felt himself sinking into the tired old couch, then screwed up his face and straightened up again. Nope. If there was one thing he couldn't do, it was get used to this. "You cool anyone of interest?" "Nah, just some palooka with an inflamed ego. Good left hook, though." Finn came back out with a handful of ice wrapped up in a ratty towel, but Poe shook his head. None of that sissy stuff for him. "Don't gimme that. Now shut up and lemme fix you." Poe was about to tell Finn just where he could stick that towel, but paused when he found the bundle pressed to his head. Never mind. Maybe he could deal with this. “Oh, gosh. You do not know how good that feels.” he sighed, nuzzling against Finn's hand with a relieved exhale. "Can't believe I got clipped..." "You're a big target." "It's like your asking me to knock ya." Poe said in absent astonishment as Finn handed over the ice. ”Least the job's done. Kickback money'll stretch 'till I heal up." He slipped his dib into his pocket, along with a little extra. Fair trade, if you factor in the dough they owed him for damages. "How much?" “Five large. More than I need. Though I wonder whether or not it was worth it..." He poked at his ear and winced, shooting Finn a pleading look. “Kiss it better?” “I’m not putting my mouth anywhere near that.” Finn said firmly as he moved around the apartment. His hands were always busy, repinning the clothes drying over the radiator, watering the houseplants Rey had given to him when her room at the boardinghouse got overrun. Poe nodded and closed his eyes, Finn's footsteps and whistles all the conversation he needed. For two people who talked so much, when they were together things quieted down a whole lot. It was an easy silence, though, a comfortable silence. After awhile Finn put some brown flour coffee on the stove and ordered Poe to lie down. "No can do. Gotta deliver this." Poe grabbed his briefcase and shimmied back into his suit, but he paused when he caught Finn's eye. "But I'll come back." he said quickly. "I mean, if you'd like..." "Swell." Finn was trying his best to keep the relief out of his voice. He didn't exhale until the door clicked shut behind Poe. Had he been holding his breath this whole time? Finn shook his head and went back to the kitchen, absently hoping that nothing had burnt. While the kettle bubbled and popped he sighed, balancing mugs and plates in a little tower on the table for want of something to do. He still wasn't sure just why he was falling for Poe. In Rey's words, he was 'dizzy with the dropper'. It didn't make any sense, how wanting he felt whenever Poe was around. You know what Finn really wanted? To be normal. Blessedly, benignly normal. He wanted a house, he wanted kids, he wanted to be safe. Poe couldn't give him any of that, so what's the deal? Then again, no one could give that to him, and he couldn't give that to anyone else. Not in this day and age, not with Jim Crow breathing down his neck. And it wasn't just some naive infatuation with danger, that's for sure. Finn was no angel himself. Just ask the goons he'd left with shiners and broken kneecaps on his way up from Mississippi. Now that was a story Finn kept pretty close to his chest, the bloody trail of footsteps following him wherever he went. He didn't want to hurt people, truth be told, but after rent was taken out of his pay he still needed to eat. The prizefighting was the only disreputable way to make ends meet. As badly as he wanted it to, painting would never do that for him. The worst part was knowing that the painting thing could take him places. Occasionally an art dealing egg would saunter into The Castle, set themselves down in front of a painting of his and nod at it for awhile. When Maz asked they would declare it sensational, a masterpiece, something they'd hang in their ritzy Deco mansion over in Tinseltown. Then when they realised that the same guy who had mixed their drink was the artist they took back whatever offer they had just made. Finn looked down at his scarred up knuckles and snorted. Maybe he should just paint himself white, see if that changed their minds. The knock on the door startled him, as did the bakery box that Poe poked him with, a shy grin on his face. "You mentioned once that you liked fudge, so..." Poe shrugged and smiled as Finn pulled him inside. "Thanks. But I think you owe me more than that for letting you stay here. You're a wanted man, after all." Finn crowded Poe against the wall, pinning him with a teasing grin and hand on his hip. "Got anything in mind?" "Wow, real menacing." Poe hummed indulgently as Finn broke into a smile and eased him down onto the couch. "You and me should go into business together." "No can do, I've got a conscience." “Go fly a kite. I got rules, ya know." Poe laughed as he stuck a cig in his mouth. Finn lit it for him, absently flicking the flame while Poe drank in the thick warmth, let it tingle in his fingers and toes. "Maybe a moral or two tucked up somewhere in there." "A code of honour? Some executioner you are..." "It's not honour. I'm just not gonna waste my time on a straight. No kids, no parents who actually give a shit about their kids, no family members who didn't have anything to do with it..." Poe counted them all off on his fingers, disregarding the light he was holding. "There's only gotta be a reason. And it's gotta be a good reason. I ain't taking any bullshit." "Huh." Now Finn was genuinely curious. It's not every day you get a peek in the mind of a wanted man. But could you call him a wanted man if the coppers didn't have any leads on him? Take the Vito Ciro case a couple years back. Finn knew that Poe had knocked the guy off, but the cops? Clueless. They didn't have a face, address, not even a fingerprint. Poe's name was nowhere in the system, as far as Finn could tell. They might as well be chasing a ghost. "That seemed to be an awful long list of no-goes. So who do you knock off?" "Guys like me, mostly. Droppers, thugs, you know the kind." Poe flicked his cigarette out the window and sighed, brushing snow off of the ledge. "Makes for good money. Lotta people want us dead, after all." "So the odds that someone has it out for you are..." "Definite." Poe confirmed. "If my own aren't trying, then the feds are itching to give me the electric cure. Speaking of which, you wouldn't happen to be a peeper, would you?" "Please, like they'd hire me." Finn laughed. "I'd set foot in the clubhouse and get thrown into the can. Hell, they'd probably just shoot me on sight. Best stay underground. Things are alright, down here." "Mm. You'd think it was the other way around." "Yeah, well. There's a reason deals are done in the dark." Finn rested back with a sigh, looking at the cracks and chips in his ceiling. It didn't take much to find yourself down below, he reflected. One misstep, and then it's a long way down. "How'd you get your start?" "First job, you mean? I think..." Poe chewed his lower lip and sighed. "I think I was fifteen." "That young?" Finn knew Poe's past was checkered, but to have blood on his hands before he could vote, that was something else. "Yeah, well. Kinda why I set those rules. It was dark. I never saw the guy's face." Poe flicked the butt of his cig out the open window and sighed, dusting the snow off of the sill. "I didn't bother to ask who he was or anything. He could've been innocent, and I never bothered finding out. So, rules." The pensive expression stayed on his face for a quiet moment, then he shook his head and punched Finn's shoulder. "I've just ratted enough to warrant putting the X on you. Now's your turn. Why'd you haul your ass up here?" "I was a black kid in Mississippi. Not much else to it." Poe snorted and Finn nodded in agreement. "Yeah. Like the Underground Railroad reborn. Rode the rails and wound up here. Ran wild for a little while, then Maz decided she needed a bartender. Prohibition was the luckiest thing that ever happened to me.” “Say that again and I’ll tie you a Sicilian necktie.” Poe threatened lightly, burrowing into Finn's arms. “That doesn’t actually work, by the way. Can’t yank someone’s tongue out through a hole in their throat.” “‘Cause I was gonna try that sometime soon.” Finn wrapped an arm around Poe's waist and gave him a squeeze, a smile spreading across his face as Poe nuzzled even closer with a happy sigh. "And they call you a stone killer." Poe rolled his eyes, feeling Finn smile into his hair. "You're nothing but a big softy." “So’s your old man.” Yeah, Poe was scraping the bottom of the barrel for insults, here. Finn laughed from someplace deep in his belly and Poe bit down on his lower lip, hoping his cheeks hadn't gone red. "You should come over more often. Hell, live here if you like. I like having you around." "That so?" Poe savoured the thought, letting himself imagine what that would be like. No more hash houses for him. Poe couldn't remember the last time he had eaten anything other than mystery soup and pickled eggs. It was so foreign an idea to him, waking up and not having to remember where he was. Hell, having a house key was a foreign concept to him. And here Finn was, offering him all that and more. Okay. He was gonna do it. He was gonna tell Finn how he felt. Then he looked around the room again and suddenly, he couldn't seem to get the words out. He didn't belong here, in a snug apartment that smelled like spices and Finn's cologne. Finn had worked too hard too long for some no good hatchetman to come along and tear it all up. They both lived in the underworld, sure, but Finn was in the grey space, still a chance of existing above ground. Poe was a lost cause. The thing is, Finn made Poe forget who he was. His guard didn't just drop; it downright crumbled. Poe would be just fine with Finn leaving him behind for bigger and better things. But then, even if Finn made a name for himself on the level, they didn't want him there. Poe had seen his paintings, seen how good he was. He had also seen people dismiss Finn or swindle him, thinking they were so clever. Finn knew his work was worth more than they paid, but he also knew that nothing better would come along. It all made him livid, but Poe was just a man. There was so much he couldn't change, so much he couldn't fix. "You addled or something?" Finn laughed, shaking Poe out of his own head. It was like he knew when Poe was thinking too hard. To be fair, his face betrayed everything that was going on in his head. "I was wondering," Finn continued, fingers gentle in Poe's hair. It just never stopped with him, did it? "That 'Kiss of Death' rule you mobster types have got going, it doesn't apply to me, does it?" "'Course not." As Finn pulled him in Poe took a deep breath and closed his eyes, losing himself in Finn's touch and taste and breath. He was fine with this. Fine with the uncertainty and the leaving and the not knowing if he'd ever be back. He was fine with it. And while Poe was telling himself that, Finn was wishing that for once, just once, Poe would just stay. Notes: Okay so I watched Ticky-Tacky and the image of Oscar Isaac with a gun won't get outta my brain. Also John Boyega in a tanktop. That's floating around in there, too. Chapter 3 : January, 1928 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "And just what d'you think you're doin', little man?" Finn peeked out from behind the sheet that had just been hung up to dry and giggled at his mother. She loomed tall above him, a basket of laundry on her hip and a smile on her freckled face. The wind was whipping around the curls that had escaped from under her wrap, but her dress was so stiffly starched that it stayed in place. "C'mere, you." After a quick scramble she scooped Finn up in her big soft arms and held him close to her chest, the sachet she kept tucked in her coarse blouse making him sneeze. "Now why'd you go and do that? You're not coming down with something, I hope." She wiped his nose with the edge of her apron and clucked her tongue in disapproval. "You're a handful, you know that?" Finn giggled unapologetically, then he noticed a flash of yellow darting through the grass and squealed, scrambling down to chase after it. His mother smiled and pulled him closer as the blackbird made its way through the coarse shrubs. " Tsuntsu ." she laughed. " Tsuntsu ." Finn repeated. At that his mother nodded, smiling a sad smile Finn didn't quite understand. What had she to be so sad about? Their life was perfect, in the tiny house built of logs and thatch a short walk away from the pretty white house where she worked. There weren't any other two-year-olds around, but that was alright. So long's he had her around, that was alright. She scooped him up again and he touched the bruise on her cheek, the puffy circles under her eyes. Her face fell a bit, watching him explore the tired ridges of her young face. "One day we 'gone fly away, baby. Just like that l'il tsuntsu . I promise." "No!" Finn declared, shaking his head at his mother. Her smile flickered back to life and she gave him a squeeze. "What, you don't want to fly away?" "No!" he repeated, shaking his head and tugging at the stray threads of her shirt. "Don't wanna." "You will, baby." she prophesied. The wind picked up and Finn shivered, clinging tighter to his mother's blouse. "You will." -------- Finn's pillow was wet when he opened his eyes. He spent a few seconds groggily squinting at the ceiling to try and find the leak, then he realised he had been crying in his sleep. He turned over, hoping he wouldn't roll into Poe, who might've snuck in seeing as it was Sunday tomorrow. Nothing there but the wall, thank God, although Finn couldn't help but feel all the more lost for it. Now that was just swell. While snow thudded against his second-story window Finn took a deep breath and closed his eyes, but getting back to sleep was out of the question. He was too wound up for that. He couldn't stand dreams about the past, even good ones. Brought up too much spite, too much vehemence. Peonage had kept his family in the same spot even forty years after emancipation. The owner of the plantation claimed that Finn's family was paying off some long forgotten debt. Finn's mother hadn't bought the story, and she wasn't afraid to let Finn know. "I'm of a mind to send that man a copy of the proclamation..." she had grumbled one night while she fixed them some dinner. The house usually made porridge, but today it had been burnt to the point of being inedible. "Slaves, that's what he thinks we are." "How come, Mama?" Finn looked up from his primer and considered his mother, the worried wrinkle in her forehead. She pursed her lips and tapped her knife on the edge of the pot, thinking. Then she wiped her brow and went back to chopping the limp carrots she had salvaged from the kitchen. "What's different, 'tween you and those kids up on the hill, the ones who live in the big house that looks like a wedding cake?" "They're dumb. I'm not." "Watch your mouth, young man. It'll get you into trouble, one of these days..." She was holding back a laugh. Even at five Finn knew that's what the twist at the edge of her mouth meant. "Go on, what's the difference?" "They eat ice cream every day?" "They're white , Finn." "So what?" Most of Finn's attention was on the smoke rising from the chimney up the hill. Someone was burning herbs, from the smell of it, sending up a sweet-smelling cloud that just reached their little hut. "So you watch yourself around them, hear me? Never met a white man who wasn't looking to cheat me or your Daddy." "What'd they cheat Daddy out of?" A pouch of marbles, Finn figured. A slingshot at worst. His mother set her jaw and turned back to the stew she was fixing. It could do with some spices. Uda and locust beans, but you couldn't find that kind of thing here. "What was it, Mama?" "His life, baby." Where was his mother now? That's all Finn wanted to know. He didn't remember much, but he did remember her. She was wonderful. Strong and broad and warm, with a notable gift for storytelling. She told him about his Granny, a tough as nails lady who took nothing from no one and gave everything to everyone. She told him his father had been a great man, a true, honest man who was taken from them far too soon. And two days before Finn's ninth birthday, she was taken, too. "Leased" to a plantation owner across the state. As for Finn, he was sent to an orphanage, but six years and ninety-four beatings later, he had had enough. One day they were being marched to church, and he just ran, broke the line and disappeared into the woods. The impact of what he had just done didn't strike him until that evening, when the trees petered out and he reached a crossroad. One path led back to town, the other led to a train station two miles off. And there, Finn was faced with the first decision of his life. Finn shook his head and rolled to his feet, stiffening when his feet touched the ice rink he called a floor. Memories would do him no good, but he couldn't seem to think of anything else. His mother, especially. Everything about her was coming back, everything he owed her. Especially the secret lessons she gave him, the reading, 'riting, and 'rithmetic. "Better you know the three Rs," she would say while he copied out Scripture. "Than having you learn 'bout the three Ks." By the time he was six Finn could spell as well as the kids up in that antebellum mansion. Better, even. He probably read better than them, too. Over the years his mother had amassed a small collection of abandoned books that she kept safe under their straw mattress. Some of them didn't have covers, so she'd make up the titles. To Finn, 'Oliver Twist' was 'Don't Ask For Seconds', and 'Othello' was 'What I Told Your Father'. But 'A Tale of Two Cities' stuck in his mind, especially. Not only because he knew the actual title, but because reading about all these people rising up together against a common foe sparked something in him, something bright and hopeful. His mother quenched that fire pretty quick, though. "When whites pull stunts like that, it's a revolution. When we do, it's a riot." She would give his cheek a pinch and shake her head at him. "Keep your head in your books and your butt out of trouble, hear?" He hadn't exactly followed that rule, thinking back on it. All he seemed to do these days was cause trouble. Or associate with it, Finn considered as he wrapped his hands up in bandages and tiptoed down into the basement, listening to the boiler hissing and sputtering like a consumptive. It was on its last legs, the old thing. He shovelled in some more coal and listened for the comfortable crackle. That should keep the upstairs pretty cozy for the time being. The light bulb hanging from the ceiling flickered when Finn strung up a burlap sac of spoiled beans Maz had never gotten around to chucking. Those things were probably a health code violation, but Finn wasn't about to complain about free punching bags. The dull thud of knuckles on canvas calmed him down, drowned out the maelstrom of memories whirling around his head. Boxing seemed to be the only way he could clear his head, which struck him as a bit odd. Rey said that he looked like he was working out a calculus question when he was in the ring. That's how he felt, honestly. Scanning for openings, picking out cracks in his opponent's defence, like playing a hands-on chess match. His mother had never encouraged fighting, but life being what it was, Finn found himself in too many situations where throwing punches was the only answer. And that had all started with his choice at that crossroad, all those years ago. No lie, he had spent a good hour there, just staring and wondering. Maybe someone would miss him if he left. Then he remembered the cold stares of the other children, the sadistic smirk of Father Armitage when he beat the sin out of those in his charge. They wouldn't miss Finn, and Finn wouldn't miss them. He didn't need anyone, which was good, since he didn't have anyone. No mother, no father, no friends, no one to miss him. What he did have was two dollars and a newfound sense of freedom. If he lived, fine. If he died, just as well. He belonged to no one but himself, and he didn't care that nobody cared. He didn't care, either. The bag split open with his next strike and Finn cussed, kicking around the beans that spilled onto the cracked concrete. Apparently he was done for the night. Sweat was dripping down his neck and his knuckles were bleeding through the wrappings, but he still didn't feel tired. The memories seemed perched up on his shoulder, friendly-like. Maybe he should just lie down anyways, stare at the shadows drifting across his wall until that lulled him to sleep. Finn banked the boiler again and made his way back upstairs. His radiator may be busted, but that nice Irish family who lived above him could use the warmth. Six kids, if you can imagine. Finn started to, but stopped on account of the emptiness that started to chip at his chest. Probably best to save that daydream for later. Notes: little bit of Finn backstory. How do we feel about shorter chapters? I can update faster that way. Chapter 4 : January, 1928 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) In the morning Finn woke up with a familiar warmth pressed up against his back and snores rumbling in his ear. When had Poe gotten here? He hadn't been here when Finn came upstairs a few hours ago, at least, Finn was pretty sure he hadn't been. But in all honesty Poe was around so much these days that his presence really wasn't surprising. Instead of pursuing that train of thought Finn snuggled down with a complacent sigh, watching the hand tick around the clock face and trying to shake the nightmare. Five rotations later he wriggled out of Poe's grip and picked his rumpled suit off of the floor, emptying the shells from his gun and lining them up on the bedside table. May as well get breakfast ready. Hopefully that wouldn't come across as too domestic. As time went on Poe had wound up spending most of his spare time in Finn's apartment. Only problem with that was how hard it was to keep things platonic, especially when the temperature dipped and they wound up in the same bed. If Finn had to point fingers, he'd say that Sunday mornings were the root of all this. Jobs were slim pickings for Poe, seeing as most of his clients were devout Catholics and God had decided Sunday was for kicking your feet up. Since working was a no-no and Finn didn't have anything to do 'till six, the two of them wound up falling into a comfortable, predictable routine with each other. Now that wasn't something Finn had ever prepared himself for. Although it was never too late to learn, he reflected as he cracked eggs into a skillet. Ever since he had lammed off his life had been nothing but questions. A constant was a nice change of pace. Even if the constant was a complete sponge who wouldn't get out of bed until the sun was halfway across the sky. Breakfast was cooling on the table and Poe was still conked out, dead and deaf to the world. How the fella had managed to survive the trenches when he slept that heavy, Finn would never know. "Rise and shine, Dameron." Finn unceremoniously yanked open the curtains and a groan rumbled underneath the pile of quilts and pillows on his bed. Poe was somewhere under there, at least Finn thought he was. His suspicions were confirmed when a pillow sailed at his head. What kind of a thank you was that? "Fine, be that way. I guess I'll have to eat breakfast by myself, then." At the mention of food the springs squeaked and Poe poked his head out from under the blankets with considerable effort. Finn snorted and ran his thumb over his scratchy cheek. It was a real kicker seeing a button man with his hair looking like a bird's nest and eyes all fuzzy. "Finally." "Buzz off. M'wake." Poe slurred, nuzzling against the palm of Finn's hand like a kitten. One important discovery Finn had made was that in the morning, Poe was this strange combination of grumpy and cuddly. Like an old cat, or one of those snappy dogs dames carried around in the crook of their arms. "There flapjacks?" "You'll find out when you get your lazy ass outta bed." Finn bribed on his way out the door, snorting when Poe let out a long-suffering sigh and stumbled after him in nothing but his ratty shorts. "What a life, huh?" "What a life." Poe yawned, following Finn blearily into the kitchen. Then his eyes rested on the kitchen table and a big old grin spread across his face. That gap between his teeth made him look like a kid. "You made all this?" he asked, looking at the apple betty Finn was pulling out of the oven like a drowning man looks at a raft. "Gee, I haven't had a meal like this since I was little..." "Sure doesn't look it." Finn grinned, poking Poe's alderman with a spatula. Poe tried to tense as discreetly as possible, but Finn picked up on it right away and pulled him over to the table. "Was that rude? I'm sorry." As an apology he pushed a chipped plate full of food towards Poe and smiled. "Go on." "Just coffee for me, thanks..." But Finn shook his head and pushed Poe down into a chair, placing a cup of orange juice at his elbow with a decisive clack. "Just shut your kisser and chew, would you? Besides, I love your tummy." Finn laughed on his way back to the bedroom, laundry tucked under his arm. "That so?" Poe mumbled into his mug. There was that word again, love . Four little letters and Poe felt his heart twitching in his chest. He chewed the tines of his fork and took a deep breath, listening through the walls as Finn moved around his bedroom. The proximity alone was enough to make Poe's pump stand still. It was getting to be a weekly thing, him coming over, carrying the torch for a day, then running off like the piker he was. He couldn't even cling to that lie about this being strictly physical anymore. For Chrissake they hadn't even had sex last night. If he was being completely honest Poe had just come over to snuggle. Alright, if he didn't get this straightened out he was bound to die of heart failure sometime soon. But instead he just shoved a mouthful of eggs into his face and piped down. To hell with this. Cardiac arrest it was. Meanwhile, over in the bedroom Finn was knocking his head against the far wall, knowing that he was making the shelves rattle and not giving a damn. Boy, he was behind the eight ball on this one. You don't tell a guy you love something about him. You just don't do that. Poe must think he was loopy. Finn did too, in all honesty. Why the hell was this the guy Finn gets all doughy-eyed for? He drove bent cars before ditching them on the side of the road, bumped people for a living and spent nights at the can house, waiting for his next job. A button man, born and bred. Still, Finn couldn't shake the way Poe smiled at him, or the feeling of his lips on the back of Finn's neck when they woke up in the morning, warm and easy. Yeah, Finn was a weak sister, when it came to this love business. But all he could do now was put on a brave face and hope for the best. God knows Finn had experience doing that. He came back to the kitchen and found Poe with a clean plate in front of him and his fork in Finn's pie, the bastard. "Hey..." "Sorry. It was really good." Poe said sheepishly as Finn cut him another slice. They ate in silence for awhile, Finn staring out the window and Poe moving the crumbs around on his plate while he tried to make sense of whatever was going on in his head. When things were as straightened out as they would get he put down his fork and looked at Finn, who had disappeared behind the paper. He pushed that down and Finn raised an eyebrow. Well, this should be fun. "I want you to level with me, here." he began, watching Finn's face for any sign of discomfort or derision. It suddenly struck him that this could go horribly wrong. Oh well, the ball was already rolling. "Okay." Finn leaned in close, so the two of them wound up eye-to-eye. "This level enough for you?" "Quit being a goof. I'm serious." "Now I'm intrigued. What's on your mind?" "You, mostly." "I'm listening." Poe chewed his lip and squirmed. He never figured he'd get this far, honestly. It would be spitballing from here on out. "Well?" "Close your head, 'else I'm never gonna get this out. I'm just curious, see. Don't read too deep into this. I was just wondering how you feel about..." Poe's words were sticky as bubblegum in his throat. He had really gotten himself into a jam, hadn't he? "How d'you feel about me? Don't feed me a line, here. It's just been driving me nuts, and-" "You're making it hard to answer, the way you keep running your mouth. I can't get a word in edgewise." Finn pointed out, getting up for more coffee. "But now that I've got your attention, I have to say I'm pretty fond of you." "Oh, really? That, that's good to hear. 'Cause I figured..." Poe hesitated, arms wrapped protectively around his stomach. "I figured you wouldn't want me." At that, Finn blinked. Now here was a new concept. Very rarely had anyone asked him what he wanted. He didn't quite know how to react. A hug? A handshake? What was the protocol, here? "Hey, Finn, gimme a sign here, buddy." "I'm just thinking. Usually it's me people don't want." Finn said quietly. When he heard that Poe's chest quit thrumming, Finn's words heavy on his ears. For a moment, everything else seemed to drop away and Finn was just standing there, running the pad of his thumb over the cracked rim off his mug with a lost look on his face. Poe got up and wrapped his arms around Finn, resting their foreheads together. That expression flickered across Finn's face every now and again, chipping another piece off of Poe's heart every time. It had been nagging at him for years, the part of Finn he couldn't help, couldn't reach. Well, now he was gonna do something about it, "I want you." The words slipped out and just like that, they both relaxed. Poe hadn't even realised how tense a conversation this had been had been until Finn leaned against him and he actually sagged. "Whoa, old man. You're not melting, are you?" Finn laughed when they regained balance. The cloud had passed and Finn was back to grinning, a little bit wider than normal, and those grins of his already took up a good third of his face. "I just might be. You make me all warm and fuzzy, after all." Poe explained as he brushed Finn's lips with his own. "I go red as a tomato, when you're around. My mouth gets all dry, too..." "What a big timer. You sure got a way with words..." Finn smiled, leaning happily into the kiss. There was no great thrill in his chest, no surge of blood in his veins. But there was a firmness, something that kept this all real, no matter how silly a romance it was. That was the best part, actually, the fact there was no rhyme or reason to it. Nope, nothing but two saps with eyes for no one but each other. Notes: man i can't do slow burn. 4 chapters in and i have to shove them together. Chapter 5 : March, 1928 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "You go cross-eyed when you come." "I don't." "You do." "I don't ." "You do ." Finn insisted, rocking back on Poe's cock and forcing one last moan out of him. "The light's so bad in the bar that I never noticed." he admitted, smoothing his hands down Poe's bare chest. It took every bit of willpower Poe had not to tense up when Finn's hands sunk into his flushed belly, sticky with come and sweat. "There's a lot I haven't noticed." "Draw the curtains if you don't wanna look at my sorry mug." Poe teased half-heartedly. Two months into this going steady venture and Poe was about ready to dust out. Not because of Finn, no. Finn was great. Hell, perfect. Poe felt a bit gowed-up when they were together, if you wanted to know. But that scared him just a smidge. Something this good couldn't possibly last that long, could it? One wrong move and Poe worried he'd be thrown out on his ear. "Can we go back to the casual sex? That was nice. I liked that." he said wistfully. "Aw, c'mon, it's nothing to get sore over. I like what I see, promise." As additional reassurance Finn leant down and pressed a kiss to Poe's lips, not letting up until Poe kissed back. That's when he tore himself away, grinning like a Cheshire cat when that earned him a punch to the arm. "And don't ruin my fun. I never did it in a bed before you came around. I find myself enjoying it." "That a fact?" Poe liked it too, truth be told, even if he reacted to the sun peeking through the shades the way a vampire would. Of course, Finn was gorgeous in any light, but actually being able to see made it a helluva lot harder for Poe. For one, his gut jiggled, which was a problem. For two, just how young Finn was really struck him like a ton of bricks. To put it delicately, Poe couldn't quite keep up, so there were these big scary in-between periods where the two of them just lay in bed and barbered. Finn talked about this and that while Poe blabbed on about the Great War like the old man he was, Finn's squeaky little bed creaking pitifully under his weight. Yeah, going steady meant he had to come to terms with a few things. But there were good parts, too. Finn still being on top of him, for one. He rested his weight on Poe again and stretched, humming along with the radio crackling in the other room while he worked his hips in slow rolls. They'd wrapped up a couple minutes ago, but apparently Finn liked it up there, looking down at Poe with this dopey grin on his kisser. "You're thinking too hard again." he complained, kissing Poe's chipped ear. "Penny for your thoughts?" "D'you really want to know?" "I'm all ears." "Okay, but don't laugh at me. I'm a sappy old man." Poe warned as Finn rolled off of him and snuggled into his side. "So, y'know I love you, right?" Poe had thrown that little tidbit of information out there a couple weeks back. Entirely on accident, during a little marital spat about his bad habit of leaving loaded gats around the apartment. Finn nodded and Poe felt the flutter in his chest ease off. "And I know you love me." "Do I?" Poe shot him a look and Finn relented. "Kidding, kidding." "You're gonna be the death of me..." Poe sighed. "Right, so we know all that, but we don't know where we're taking whatever this is." He squeezed Finn tight, figuring that explained what he meant well enough. "To the moon and back." Finn declared, grinning when Poe laughed. "Ideally." "I appreciate the romance in that, but I'm thinking closer to home, here. Or further from home. Wherever we have to go to get whatever it is that we want out of this." "And what do we want out of this?" As he asked Finn slipped his hand into Poe's, rubbing a scar on his thumb. "In a perfect world, where do you want us to end up?" Not dead, Poe thought. But he bit that back, figuring he may as well run with the little fantasy that he had been building in his head whenever he got the chance. "A house." he said quietly. "A big brick house, you know the kind. With a porch swing and a doghouse in the yard. And camellias. My mom grew those." A kid or three might be nice as well, happy little tykes with their pockets stuffed full of hokey-pokeys and pretty rocks, all bright eyes and scrapped knees. A pretty picture, but Poe wasn't about to admit to anything that crazy. What he had just said was wild enough. "Well..." Finn screwed up his face and shrugged. "Where can we find that?" "I dunno. Huh. A couple'a crazy kids like us running off, finding a place like that, it should be simple." Except it wasn't. The both of them could pick up and leave no problem, but settling down again, there was the rub. Two coloured hip-hitters trying to build a life someplace where they wouldn't be disturbed? That could never happen, not here, at least. Nowhere, really. "I think I've seen enough of this place, honestly." Strange to say, considering all the trouble it took Poe's folks to get into the damn country. "Same here." Finn sighed. Poe cocked an eyebrow and Finn shrugged, nibbling his thumbnail while he got his words straight. "On my way up here, from Mississippi, I saw..." he shook his head and Poe nodded. He wasn't about to force a story out of Finn, which was nice. That didn't block out the picture in Finn's head, though, the memory that still woke Finn up in the middle of the night, the picture in his mind that just wouldn't go away. Three men, strung up in a neat row. Finn was a fifteen year old boy standing wet and tired in the middle of a dark Alabama road, staring up at the black and blue faces hanging from a tree, glittering in the rain. Six lynchings in all, Finn would say. On his way to New York he had seen six lynchings in all. That and the scar running down his back from the dog a hunter had shucked on him for sport left Finn scared. Of people, of the world, even of the warmth he woke up to now, because who knows when that would be taken from him, too. "Now you're thinking too hard. Guess it's my fault, though." The crinkles around Poe's eyes softened and he reached out to squeeze Finn's shoulder. Looks like the future was a hard thing to consider when the past still had a grip on him. "Day at a time?" "Day at a time." Finn confirmed, relief surging in his voice. Disappointment, too, but Finn ignored it. "Although a cat would be a nice addition to the family, I think." "Yeah. Good idea. One of those scraggly-looking guys with one ear and not enough fur." "Just like its Papa." Finn teased, tugging at Poe's bad ear with his teeth and laughing when Poe rolled on top of him and wrestled him down into the blankets. The radio signal cleared up for a moment and Finn listened with one ear as Poe kissed down his chest, his lips buzzing as he hummed along. Your eyes are blue, your kisses too, I never knew what they could do. I can't believe that you're in love with me... ----------- "I gotta get to work..." "One more kiss." Poe sang, dancing around Finn to the tune of a foxtrot. The two of them were funning on their way down the stairs, pushing and shoving and generally making a couple fools outta themselves. "I have stuff to do, you know..." Finn sighed. He shook Poe off and managed to get to the bar without further incident. While Finn tried to go through the list of things he had to do Poe hopped up onto the empty stage, kicking around the beads the sweeper had missed and warbling out a nonsense tune, belting out high notes and switching keys with no regard for his audience of one. "The hell are you doing?" Finn called over, when an especially piercing shriek left his ears ringing. "Bumped a bigwig off at the Met a couple weeks back. He was watching Faust, or something. It's opera. " "It's the sound a dog makes when it hears the death knell. Knock it off." Pouting, Poe hopped down from the stage and sauntered back over to the bar, whistling as he went back to hassling Finn. "Jesus, Poe..." "C'mon, the joint doesn't open for another couple hours." Poe slung an arm around Finn's neck and pressed a smacking kiss to his ear. They could be free with their affection down here, and Poe had no shame in taking advantage of that. "I'm allowed to be behind the bar, right?" "No. Haul ass upstairs, and come down when you're a little more mature." Instead of following up on that Poe just hopped onto the counter and pulled Finn in between his legs, khakis bunching up around his knees. "I don't think I wanna do that." Finn rolled his eyes and gave Poe's exposed collarbone a pinch. On top he had nothing but one of Finn's old singlets, worn from years of washing and a little stretched at the shoulders. Finn tugged it down over Poe's belly while they kissed and nuzzled at each other. The two of them were an absolutely nauseating couple. Finn wasn't the only one who thought so. "Quit it with the puppy love, you two." Maz snapped a towel across Finn's behind, making him jump against Poe. "Hey, bartender. Let go of that head-hunter and make yourself presentable. You've got a guest coming soon." "A guest?" Finn knew people, sure, but no one important enough to be considered a guest . He sucked on Poe's neck while he mulled that over, letting the hope that a colourblind butter-and-egg man wanted to buy one of his paintings stir in his chest. "Never had one of those before..." "Well then. Don't lemme ruin your big moment." Poe drew his knees up to his chest and spun around, hopping nimbly off the bar. "Say, is that upside-down cake on the stove disputed territory or..." "Just leave a few pieces for me." Finn sighed. "You're the best moll there is." Poe declared, scrambling back upstairs with a delighted laugh. Finn snorted and went back to wiping down the bar. Five million people in this city, and this was the guy he found himself with. While he was catching up on some reading the click of heels on the stone steps made him look up, hand twitching for the panic lever. God knows what would happen to him if the coppers raided the joint. Then Maz's voice bounced down the stairwell and he relaxed. Would've been a shame, dumping all this. The Solos had sent in an especially pricey bottle of scotch as a gift and Finn would've hated to spill that down the sewer. "...Sure as rain, Ruth. He's who you're looking for." He heard Maz say. It was in one ear and out the other, though, seeing as Finn had ducked back down behind a battered copy of War and Peace . "Finn? There he is. Always with those books of his. Finn, look up for Chrissake. I swear it's like your made outta stone..." "Hm?" Finn started the slow process of dragging himself away from the page, a bit miffed since for once Tolstoy was actually getting at something. "Sorry, Maz. What'd you..." The question answered itself when Finn looked up. Well, this was a surprise. A woman was standing beside Maz, a checked housedress wrapped around her solid frame and a violet cloche hat pressed down over tight curls. At first Finn figured she was one of Maz's friends, another eccentric bird from out of town. Then she stepped out of the shadowy doorway and Finn froze. He knew her. He was sure he knew her. But his mind was blank as a slate. She had no doubts, though. "Jesus, Mary and Joseph." she breathed, one hand pressed to her chest. She had the warmest voice Finn had ever heard, thick and dark as sugar cane molasses. "And here I was, thinking you'd still be a baby. Come out here, where I can see you. Come on." Moving like someone in a trance, Finn set his book down carefully and stepped out from behind the bar, tensing a bit when the woman took him by the hand. At this distance Finn realised he was a good head taller than her, and that was only because of her kitten heels. She scrutinised his face with soft brown eyes that sparked when her face suddenly hardened. "Christ, say somethin', baby. Don't you know your own Mama?" "My..." Finn froze as she reached out, cupping his face and smoothing her thumbs over his cheekbones. Her hands were calloused and her perfume smelled like lavender and her eyes were the same as ever and just like that, Finn burst into tears. He buried his face in her neck and sobbed, the same way she had when Finn's father died, and the same way Finn had cried when he lost her. "Baby, baby, it's alright." she soothed, pulling him closer, kneeling on the ground with him. Finn pressed his fingers and face into her soft shoulders, his tears splotchy on the violets scattered across her dress. He couldn't even form words, and when he started to hiccup she just laughed and rubbed his face with a handkerchief, kissing his cheeks before he could get them wet again. He'd be embarrassed if this wasn't his mother. His mother , Jesus Christ. "I found you. I'm sorry it took so long, baby, but I found you..." Rey happened on the scene a minute later, discreetly slipping behind the bar and joining Maz, who was trying to blink away the tears pearling behind her goggles. Rey's tears had all been shed about a week back, when her search for her own mother and father had somehow led her to Finn's. Seems like her big reunion plan had gone alright. Now, if only she could track down her own parents, that would be swell. "Hate to break it to you, Maz, but I doubt Finn's coming in to work tonight." Rey laughed, pouring herself a jiggerful of booze. What? An occasion like this called for a celebration. "You alright with that?" "Set that down, missy. You're a baby yet." Maz snatched the shot out of Rey's hand and clucked her tongue, turning back to the mother and son with a soft smile on her face. "So far as working goes, I think I'll let it slide, this time." she said generously. "I'll only take half out of his pay." Notes: here have chapter dates so you have an idea when the fuck we are Notes: I was looking through my stuff and realised that all of my fics take place in New York. I spent too much time there growing up, I guess.