It had been a battle born of fire and blood, a desperate last stand by the Resistance against the First Order, and the Resistance had lost. The last surviving leaders lay scattered to the wind, the precious few remaining soldiers locked in cells some thirty feet below the First Orders new headquarters. You paced the small cell, it was barely large enough to hold two people, let alone the six of you crowded in the cramped space. There had been eight of you, each day they came for one of you, picked seemingly at random to be taken away and never return. You knew it was only a matter of time before you were picked, and as each day you went unpicked you resented the wait. There were three of you left when they came for the next member, and unflinching you stood, demanding you were the one they took today. The Trooper picking you gave an uncomplicated shrug, accepting your sacrifice with indifference. You had expected to be escorted to an interrogation chamber, or your place of execution, certainly not a black marble audience chamber. On a raised dais stood an ornate throne, upon it sat the First Orders new emperor. He was a tall slender man, skin pale, eyes a light shade of blue almost grey in this light, and upon his brow lay a simple crown of gold leaves. He seemed bored, not just by his situation but your presence also. “A gift Emperor Hux.” The black cloaked figure of Kylo Ren had stolen in quietly behind you, even with the mask off and his new robes, you recognised him. The same expression filled eyes you had seen in his mother looked down at you, the same eyes you had watched murder your beloved General Organa. He stalked closer, an unseen pressure to your shoulder forcing you to your knees, as he reached the first stair of the dais. He stood behind the throne, the right hand side of the newly crowned Emperor. Above you the redhead sighed, looking at his immaculate fingernails picking at imagined dirt. “Undress.” The single worded order, rang out against the hollow walls of the room. It had you flinching, an instinctive, steadfast refusal to even process his command to you, let alone obey it. The emperor shifted in his seat, addressing the dark haired man now at your side. “Make her undress Ren.” Emperor Hux seemed disinterested, yet his refusal to let his demand go unheeded, belied that neutrality. A flick of Ren’s wrists and your binders were released. You hugged your arms to yourself, sending a sideways glance to the guards at the door. Kylo Ren tilted his head to a side, considering something, before nodding his assent to his Emperor stepping closer to him, dragging you with him, towards the raised dais. His steps were slow and evenly measured as you proceeded, a slow teasing of your fear and you raised your chin, pale and sickly wanting so much to appear braver than you thought. Your entire body froze unwillingly in fear as you drew closer, and Ren pressed his body closer. This you realised hopelessly as your legs refused to co-operate, that even if you could have tried to escape, there was nowhere to go. The guards would stop you if Ren didn’t, instead you raised your chin in defiance, determined to refuse his outrageous demand with dignity, your last stand against the First Order. Ren gave a low abrasive chuckle, his right hand raised to your right temple, his voice impassive devoid of emotion. “You will undress yourself, and again kneel before your Emperor.” “I will undress myself, and kneel before my Emperor.” Your brain screamed at your body to disobey, but as though a passenger in your own mind you watched yourself undress, Ren handing your clothing off to a waiting attendant. You were given control back of your own body with enough time to realise your clothing was being taken from the room. Behind you Ren stepped closer once more, and as the gloved finger tips bit into the flesh of your neck, you prepared yourself. Taking a deep breath, saying your goodbyes as you looked bravely up, at the seated emperor ready for your execution. The fingers gripped tighter, and you exhaled; forcing the last of the oxygen from your lungs. You would meet your death on your own terms; with bravery and self-control. You would not give either men, the satisfaction of seeing you beg. For the first time you saw some semblance of animation behind the cold glazed eyes looking down at you. An unseen signal seemed to pass between the two of them, and suddenly you were pulled to your feet, the cloth of Ren’s tunic rough against your bare goose pimpled skin. The fingers around your throat relaxed, and involuntarily your lungs filled once more with air, as you were held there, as though waiting. Your heart thundered in your chest, whilst the Dark-Jedi’s fingers soothed your scalp, a mockery of tenderness, at your predicament. Around the room the guard’s helmets kept forwards, and you swallowed, the cold air of the Audience Chamber, swirling around your intimate areas, drawing attention to the fact that you were naked. If your face hadn’t of been so drained of blood, your cheeks would have heated a bright red at the humiliation of it all. You wouldn’t allow it to show though, your chin proud, haughty as you looked up at the seated Emperor. He nodded, another indication to Ren to proceed, this time the torture he wrought from your body was so personal, you thought you would die from that alone. You were given no choice but to accept the kisses he placed against your neck. His eyes glued to his Emperors’ for approval, as he sucked intently at your earlobe, fingers pressed against your hip, pulling your ass back, to rub against his slowly stiffening cock. So this is where it was all going you thought, even in death they would refuse you, your dignity. You refused to let either of the two men see your discomfort, remaining neutral as he trailed lazy circles up to cup your right breast. He kneaded the quivering flesh, your nipple stiffening beneath puckering fingertips. You switched your mind elsewhere, thinking of anything, everything but the fingers rolling your nipple between them. A quick hard pinch to one, had you brought back to the present, his other hand gripping your neck forcing you to look breathlessly at the enthroned emperor as Ren continued to play your body. A slight moan escaped your lips, quickly bit back, eyes wide in fear and the realisation of what you had done. Next to your ear Ren gave a sharp inhalation as he registered your bodies response taking over. “Don’t please.” His hands dipped to the apex of your thighs, and you instinctively tried to close them from his questing fingers. It was to no avail, a quick flick of the same hand and your legs opened locked into place, held open by his unseen grip. You had never been touched there; not by another’s hands and the thought that this would be both your first, and last experience of doing so, brought unheeded tears to your eyes. You blinked them back, furious with yourself, you would not give in to foolish sentiment here. What did it matter what any man did to your body, here and now it was what you kept in your mind that mattered. He brought his fingers up to his lips, spitting on them before dropping the slimy digits once more to your clit, swirling his saliva around your clit, rubbing his wetness into your skin. Ren continued a slow and steady onslaught to your sex, all the time presenting what he did to his emperor as gruesome show of power over you. He had to return his fingers to his mouth several times, to replace the wetness your body seemed to soak up from him, before your cunt began its own production of lubrication. His hand left your neck and you dipped your head to the floor, finally allowing shame to wash over you at your own bodies apparent disloyalty to you. The fingers were at your temple, pulling forth images he needed, few to do with the defeat of the Resistance. There was precious little to be gained there, he needed only time to locate your last few missing members. It was the personal ones he voiced to the seated Emperor Hux, triumphantly displaying your weakness. “A virgin, untouched by another. Though she knows enough of pleasure at her own hands, to realise when she is losing a battle against her own pleasure.” Ren was right; the little that you did know, proved the strong the shaking of your thighs, and tensing of your muscles were enough. It had to be so clear for all present in the room, to recognise your steadily approaching orgasm. For the first time Emperor Hux’s eyes showed some animation. He sat up straighter in his chair, his eyes hooded as he looked down at you. You grit your teeth looking defiantly at him, managing to holding back the approaching wave. “Make her spend.” The gruffness in his voice echoed off the cavernous walls of the chamber, you shook your head at his instructions to Ren, determined to hold out. The grip shifted to your waist, Ren’s muscular arm the only real thing, assisting you to stay standing as your legs threatened to give out. You refused to look away from the pale emperor, your cheeks betraying the shame you wouldn’t allow to creep into your eyes. You bit back any real noise to your approaching orgasm, but if the small grunt you made went unnoticed. The ‘ no ’, you screamed at your refusal to accept what was happening to your body; echoed louder than Hux’s original demand to make you do so. Your legs finally betrayed you, at the intensity of it all. You collapsed forwards, onto your knees supported as you did by Ren, his nimble fingers drawing out the last shakes of your orgasm. Angry tears now pricked your eyes, and you allowed the warm fluid to fall over your cheeks, scalding tracks of molten revulsion across your face. Behind you Ren made a charade of an attempt at comfort at your shuddering frame, shushing you whilst you came down from your unwanted high. “Don’t touch me, you sick fuckers!” You struggled against him, pushing away his hands, and he openly laughed at your discomfort, mocking not just what he had done, but your bodies refusal to show solidarity to your situation. You knew it was something you couldn’t control, but still your stomach heaved threatening to spill bile over the black polished floor. “Enough.” The Emperor’s command was not just one for you to cease your struggling, but for Ren to quit toying with you also. Unsupported by Ren’s struggling arms you fell forwards onto your hands and knees, an unwilling genuflexion to the seated man. You knew before the command was issued what Hux wanted, the black look in his strangely feral eyes, preceding his order to Ren. “Take her.” “You sick bastards, is this what you do with each of us before execution?” They declined to answer, each man’s focus on your kneeling form. You pleaded not just with either of them, but with anyone who would listen. Just let them kill you, you thought, attempting a desperate crawl to one of the guards aiming for their weapon. You knew you had no chance of harming either men, but the thought of drawing it on yourself; brought you a sick sense of hope. It was short lived the bear like frame of Ren tackling you before you could rise to your feet, pulling you back against him. A wave of his wrist and a toneless command had you frozen in your struggles, watching through terrified eyes as behind you he unfastened his belt. You closed them, refusing to look as he brought his cock to your cunt, his immense thighs pressing to the backs of yours as he rubbed his hardened cock through the wetness between your thighs. He was deliberately making a show out of your fear, determined to draw out the act as long as possible, he slipped just the head inside you, stretching your almost painfully, before pulling out and replacing it with his finger. “You’re too tight, I don’t want to hurt you.” The muttered comment in your ear, had been Ren’s first real sentence to you. You blinked at the absurdity of it all, you were about to suffer the indignity of losing your virginity; to the monster behind you, on the cold marble floor of a First Order audience chamber. Watched by an equally as evil Hux as Ren’s fingers probed into you, their length and thickness making you writhe as he pulled you up, your back flush to his chest. He sought out your hand, wrapping your fingers around his cock, forcing them to stroke the throbbing flesh. You stiffened in fear, as he added a second then a third finger, slowly working you open for his cock. You could tell he was big, and if this was how three of his fingers felt inside you, how would his cock feel? Your walls were pulsing around his fingers, reluctant pants fleeting from your lips. You bit your mouth closed when you realised, breathing through your nose; you wouldn’t give him the satisfaction. He didn’t need any encouragement, his fingers pressed the front wall of your cunt, adding to the overwhelming feeling of fullness. “You’re ready.” You shook your head furiously, allowing for the first time your fear to show. Your pleas were laced with it, the futility of it never unapparent but you knew you had to try, as he returned the head of his cock to your cunt. You pushed against him uselessly, your hands and arms tiny compared to his, as you made your last plea. “Please, no, don’t!” This one was made directly to the recumbent Hux, this frame stretched out sideways across the immense throne. The swelling in his trousers apparent even from this distance, though he made no move to relieve himself of it. He tilted his head to you, and it was to him you presented your face, as Ren slowly pushed into you, filling your sex for the first time with his dick. You gave a strangled cry, your tears renewing in intensity, your face a mess of tangled hair and moisture. Hux’s eyes never left your body as Ren ploughed into you, his assault on your sex slow, but relentless for his Emperor. You cleared your vision of tears, concentrating on the lowest step leading to the platform, willing your body to ignore what was happening to you. His hands wrapped your thighs, providing more leverage for his hips, his fingers reaching again for your sex. Again your struggles proved useless against this hulking figure, one hand pulling ay your waist, displaying the gap between your legs to Hux. The fingers at your sex holding you open displaying you to Hux, allowing him to watch freely, his chest heaving, as your cunt swallowed Ren’s cock. You tore your gaze away from the immaculately clad Emperor, aware that his quickened breathing, and swollen cock wouldn’t be visible to the Guards at the doors. To them it would look like he wasn’t allowing himself, any perverted pleasure from Ren’s treatment of you. You snarled down at the rolling fingers against your sex, feeling your cunt tighten against his pounding cock. Wasn’t it enough for them to do this to you, did they need to make you enjoy it too. You thrashed against the swiftly approaching euphoria, throwing your insult this time to Hux. “Isn’t it enough to do this to me, to take my innocence from me. Please don’t make me enjoy it too.” He nodded to Ren, and he reluctantly removed his fingers from your sex, both hands gripping your hips. Had you of been more experienced you would have already recognised the signs of his swiftly approaching climax, the swelling of his cock inside you, the random pulsing as he grew more sensitive. “Do it.” The quick command from Hux was Ren’s signal to let go, his hips stuttering as he roared out his climax for his Emperor. You felt he cock spasm, as he released himself inside you, flooding your insides with his cum. Yourself swallowing thickly at his violation of you, your clit still painfully swollen at his teasing. He draped himself over you, and whilst you didn’t want to feel any part of him against you, you lacked any strength to fight him, just laying beneath him, shell shocked by what he had done to you. “You know Ren; it’s considered healthy to pee after sex.” Your innocent mind didn’t recognise what the Emperor was hinting at. Your first indication of what he meant was a twitching of Ren’s softening cock still inside you, as you felt a stream of warm fluid filling your cunt. You were shocked, not having realised there could be anymore humiliation to wring from your body. It trickled past his cock, straw coloured liquid, running freely down your thighs, flushing ropes of his cum from your body. Finished he pulled out his now soft cock, the last of his pee and cum gushing from your body to splatter over the floor; strands of his combined fluids staining your thighs. You curled up over yourself, as Ren stood, removing his warmth and what little shelter he had offered from the guards at the back of the room. You wrapped your arms around your stomach, not caring as you sobbed that you lay in the puddle of his combined fluids, praying now for your approaching death. It was the sound of slow measured, clipped footsteps coming from the steps of the throne that disturbed your self-pity. You hiccupped back a sob as for the first time ever Hux moved, walking towards you. His cloak trailed behind him, and he delicately stepped around the puddle beneath him, as he dropped to a crouch, cupping your tear soaked chin towards him. You waited fearfully, as his thumb pressed against your lips, parting them to pressing down on your tongue as he tilted your face to him. There was another nod, again another signal between the two men that spoke of a command. You watched confused as Hux strode from the room. Ren’s arm wrapping your waist lifting your protesting form from the floor, not caring at the disgusting mess you made of his clothing as he pressed two fingers to your temple. When you had given into the overwhelming sense of tiredness, you had not expected to wake at all, let alone clean. You were still naked, except for a heavy ornate collar like necklace, wrapping your throat, dropping onto your clavicle. A chain attached to a complicated loop on it, pinning you to the bed, clearly on display for the newly crowned Emperor Hux. You had been cleansed of your sweat and Ren’s fluids whilst asleep. The sour tang of urine, and musk of Ren’s sweat and cum, replaced by a sweet perfumed smelling soap. You took a deep breath grateful to be clean, your own perfume mixing with the natural scent of Hux’s skin, permeating his crisp bedding. Your hair was pinned up into a complicated style, and you could feel the weight of make up on your eyes, another change whilst you had been asleep. Feeling too exposed in your recumbent position; you pulled yourself up, to rest your back to the headboard of the immense bed. You watched nervously, as he took slow languid sips from a crystal goblet. It held a deep purple liquid, and he was in no hurry to finish it, his disinterest in your naked form making you nervous, impossibly more uneasy around him. You didn’t dare, to question why you were still alive, let alone why you were in the emperors bed, waiting patiently eyes like saucers watching each pass of the goblet to his lips. He smirked at your discomfort whilst you waited. You were aware despite your inexperience, there was only one reason for you to be presented thus. You pressed your thighs together, still sore from Ren’s defilement of you, hoping uselessly that Hux would leave you alone, for tonight at least. A clack sounded from a nearby side table, as he replaced the goblet for the last time, pulling his shoes and socks off before standing to unfasten his jacket. He folded it tidily over a chair back, taking his time to remove, and fold each remaining layer, before padding over to you. You shrunk back against the headboard as he approached, climbing onto the bed with you. His hands deftly pulling at your hips to yank you to his preferred position. He didn’t waste time in threatening you, or drawing out any further hints, or threats of what he would do to you, his hands pulling your legs apart to bare your sex to him. He draped his arms over and around your thighs, fingers nimbly swiping along the folds of your sex, slowly parting you to his prying eyes. It was all so confusing, your current placement, the slow parting of his lips as his eyes remained glued to your sex, and it was this you blamed later on your refusal to struggle, as his thumbs held you open to the kiss he placed against your exposed clit. You watched wide eyed, his own flicking up to you, as his tongue swiped over your sex. Groaning into you, the vibrations setting off little shudders, as his lips sucked your clit into his mouth, swirling his tongue around your stiffening organ. His eyelids dipped, though his gaze never left yours as you looked back at him, remembering to swallow thickly at the saliva pooling in your mouth. You forced yourself to breathe, as he pulled back his head, his lips shiny with your juices as he puckered them to spit into your waiting sex. Before diving back down to sloppily taste you, coaxing forth an unwelcome moan of pain from your throat, as he slid a finger inside you. It stung, your walls still sore and aching from Ren’s treatment of you, despite your stiff little bud begging for some sort of relief you flinched, and Hux tutted. “Yes Ren can be something of a brute. Yet you took him so well.” He kept stroking at your sex the whole time he spoke, not attempting to put his fingers back inside you, replacing them with his mouth when he had finished. His tongue flickering all over your sex, softer and not as rigid as his finger, it didn’t hurt when it entered your slick channel, and you gasped as he expertly fucked you with it. He chuckled into you and your realised suddenly that you had been rocking your hips to help him gain friction, guiding his tongue to a particularly sweet spot next to to your clit. You gripped the sheets beneath you, desperate not to seem a willing participant in all of this, breathing calmness back into your body. It was all pointless though; Hux expertly realising where you had been guiding his tongue, attacked there with a frenzy, pulling your orgasm from you with a triumphant groan. You threw back your head a tear escaping your closed lid, running down your neck. There was a shifting in the bed, and his tongue chased the tract it left over your skin, sucking the skin where it culminated at the crook of your exposed neck, into his mouth. He pulled away with a pop, crudely rutting his hardened cock into your hip, his thumb brushing against your lip. Anxious that he too would fuck you, you drew back frowning as Hux offered you a swift drink. You held the spiced wine in your mouth, reluctant enough to have taken the drink, more so at having to swallow the unknown liquid. However, the tilting glass offered no escape and your swallowed repeatedly, quickly downing the deep purple liquid. A trickle slipped over your chin, and hastily Hux dropped his lips to it, sucking the moisture from you. flicking his tongue obscenely over your slightly parted lips, taking advantage of your surprise to quickly dart it inside your mouth. Trailing the taste of your own fluids over your tongue, removing it quicker than you could work through your shock, to act on a sudden decision to try biting him. Renewed struggled started as you realised what had happened, the sudden burst of aggression making him laugh almost tiredly, reaching for a nearby spider gag. He held it up to you, raising an eyebrow to you, the meaning perfectly obvious even to your innocence as he stroked his cock. “You can do this willingly, and I’ll not fuck your abused hole. Bite me or make any other attempt to hurt me, and trust me it will be the most painful fuck of your short lived life, and you’ll still wear this whilst I finish in your mouth.” You nodded shakily, persuaded by his threat and your dislike of the gag, discovering the chain gave you enough slack to rise to your knees. You were ordered first to kiss him, and you did hesitantly pressing your lips to his. He tasted of wine and your cum, his tongue running soft circles around yours. He pulled your hand to his cock, and you instinctively tried to please him, wrapping your fingers around it’s rigid, heavy length. Fisting him in the same way Ren had you doing to his cock, in the audience chamber. “Kiss it.” He meant his cock, and as a hand unfastened your collar from the bed, his other holding up the gag, you quickly dropped to his cock, placing your lips to the purple, blood engorged head. You gave him a soft kiss, laying several down the aching column of his sex, checking as you did for any hint that you were doing it right. His lips parted, his tongue darting to his lower lip, eyes closing to slits, when you parted your lips, sucking him into your mouth. You were inexperienced, but eager in your attempts to please him. Hux sensing that you were willing to try your best in an attempt to avoid the gag, he took full advantage of your willingness. Pulling back the loose tendrils of hair to watch your lips wrapped around his hard rod. You had been so eager to avoid the punishments Hux offered you hadn’t realised there was company in the room. Gloved fingers touched your ass, walking up your spine and you quickly surmised as the dark shape came into focus that you had been joined by Ren. He tilted his head to you, stroking the cheek full of his Emperor’s cock before trailing them up to Hux, pulling his Jaw into a deep kiss. He groaned into the ginger’s mouth his tongue exploring the taste of you before standing to undress, placing his sabre on the cabinet next to you. “I dispatched the last of her cellblock, whilst you were having your fun.” You blinked back tears at the realisation, you were the remaining member of your troop. The weapon next to you a stark reminder of what he had done, that whilst Hux had been fucking your mouth, your cell mate had been dying. Had they screamed as you wanted to do now? If your mouth of not been so full of Hux’s cock you would have screamed your choice insults at him, instead of having to contain them to your head. Instead Ren’s hands wrapped into your hair, holding your head in place on Hux’s cock, making you struggle to breathe. You looked up at him, blinking back tears, clawing at Ren’s arms in desperation for air. “Apologise.” Ren’s suggestion to you seemed disinteresting and after a brief struggle with yourself you thought through a single, sulky ‘sorry’ pleading with your eyes to Hux, asking him to have Ren release you. A swift tap of a finger, to Ren’s hand had him letting you up to breath. You gasped, greedily sucking in air, as Ren dropped to his knees next to you. You watched as he ran his tongue over the tip of Hux’s cock, swirling around the head. “Now you try.” You did so, doing your best to follow Ren’s instructions, listening to both men’s guidance. Ren took hold of your head pulling you from Hux. This time he swallowed the gingers cock, pushing it deep into his throat, groaning against the heavy length. You watched transfixed that the whole time, wondering that anything that large could fit there, aware he would want you to try next. Ren lifted up, Hux’s cock leaving his mouth with a loud pop, becoming you over. You moved to give him what he wanted, and as you dipped to slip the head of Hux’s sex you steeled yourself ready. Talking a deep breath as you slid as much as you could into your mouth. It wasn’t enough and Ren’s fingers tangled into your hair. Forcing you further down onto Hux’s dick, pushing it towards the back of your throat, his ginger pubes tickling your nose. You gurgled when it hit your gag reflex, drool slipping over your chin, tears slipping over your cheeks from the strain of it all. Both men looked down at you, almost adoringly, before Ren let up. Reward your attempts to please them, with a gulp of fresh air before guiding you back to Hux’s waiting cock. You were awarded with a ‘good girl’ from Hux, and when you compromised; taking Hux deeper than you wanted to into your throat, but not enough to make you gag. Ren let go of your hair, allowing you to set your own pace. A moment later and you heard a click, of an opening bottle. Then sticky leather clad fingers pressed up against your puckered hole, circling pressing against it, but not yet into your hole. It had never occurred to you that Hux’s offer, to not have you fucked if you pleased him, was limited only to your pussy. You panicked, as a thick finger probed into your behind, making you squeal in protest. It pulled out, gathering more lube, before plunging back in. You stiffened, ready to fight off the gently plunging digit, stopped quickly by Hux pulling your arms behind your back, holding you in place for Ren’s finger. Another finger was added, scissoring you apart, working open your hole. You were pulled from Hux’s cock, able to make your first incessant pleas, begging Ren not to defile you in this way, wasn’t it enough that he had taken you once already. Hux joined Ren at your rear, slapping your ass to make you present it to him when you tried pulling away from his own fingers. One slid into join the two of Ren’s already buried knuckle deep inside you, and you moaned your pussy oddly feeling empty, jealous of the full feeling in your ass. The men switched, Hux burying three fingers now easily into your ass, as Ren pulling your face up to him, cradling it between both gigantic paws. There was more cold, slick lube added to your ass, worked into you to make sure you were open receptive to what was to come. Your nipples were achingly hard, pressing like diamonds into the palm of the man toying with them, making your pussy clench, it’s echo mirrored in your ass spasming onto Hux’s fingers. The fingers pulled out, and you tensed against the thick cock, waiting at your hole. “It’ll hurt if you fight it.” The dark brown eyes peering down at you, were blown with lust. A tingle running your spine at realisation that this was the second time today, this man had tried not to hurt you in pursuit of his own hedonistic pleasure. You had expected of course, your own body to matter little to either man. After all were you not just a plaything for them to use, then throw away onto the garbage pile the next day. He dipped his head, running his tongue around a puckered areola, teasing the bud between his plush lips. A second set met your neck, and you willed your body to relax. Sufficiently enough to allow the head of Hux’s cock, to slowly penetrating your ass. His hips snapped forwards as he reached the base of his shaft, grabbing onto your own hips, to pull you all the way back onto his cock. It stung, burningly for a minute or two, but as you relaxed, the same pleasurable feeling as his fingers took over. Hux gave you time to settle before beginning to roll his hips, his cock rocking backwards and forwards inside of you. The hand between your shoulder blades forced you on to your hands, Ren guiding your face to his eagerly waiting cock. You were prepared this time, allowing him to fuck your mouth as Hux did your ass. There was a groan above you, the noises of both men exchanging a sloppy kiss, as they used you. Ren’s hand pulling at your no longer tidy hair, urging you to take more of his cock. Both their hands roamed everywhere, each other, and yourself, making obscene moans as they clutched at your naked body. It would have been lying to say you were not grateful for the fingers that found your clit. Pinching and pulling at the painfully swollen button, making you gasp your own pleasure against the organ in your mouth. Drool ran over your breasts, your cunt leaking its own juices down your thighs, your brain screaming out choice insults at you, and the heated way you were responding to your treatment. It was Ren who came first, his roar of triumph deafening to your heart and ears, his cock pushed far enough down your throat to force you to swallow. He stroked your cheek as you did, pulling you up to a kiss, his fingers joining Hux’s at your pussy. He slid just one inside you, and you were shocked both by how little it now hurt your slick little channel, and how full it made you feel. He added another finger, firmly, but gently pumping them as Hux continued to rub complicated little circles against your nub. You were soon shaking. Again not wanting to give them the satisfaction of seeing you enjoy yourself at their hands; you tried holding off. Ren’s lips pressed to yours to silence your begging, the thumb of his other hand flicking your nipple. Your orgasm swiftly claimed you, at that extra touch, and you felt the Emperor behind you stutter his precise movements. Your ass clamping tight onto his cock, his hips jerking, as he emptied himself inside you. You screeched out your pleasure against Ren’s lips, cheeks emblazoned with your failure. The man behind you pulled out slowly, a trail of sticky lube and seamen dripping between your ass cheeks to your pussy. Ren helped Hux to the bed, cradling him into his arms. His pale slender chest unrealistically small against the vastness of Ren’s muscular expanse. His lips dipping to kiss the redhead’s shoulder, as Hux’s pale eyes looked over your waiting exhausted body. You had given into the exhaustion of your orgasm, laying down, eyes unblinking watching, waiting for your final few moments. Milky white flesh reached out to you, the slender, pale flesh of Hux’s fingertips brushing your collar. There was no move to bring you closer, nor any real comfort to you, just Hux’s crisp correct thanks to Ren for his gift, before tilting your face to him. “This one pleases me Ren, this one we keep.” Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Running with Fire series Next Work →