Kylo looks at the tablet. Squints. Turns his head as far as it will go. Nope. Still not enough. He turns the tablet (head still to one side), trying to work out… legs don’t go like that, do they? Even Hux isn’t that limber, and… how could that possibly be f– how much do they put inside ? “What are you doing?” Hux asks. “I was in Maintenance again.” “…why?” “My shower wasn’t working and they wouldn’t send someone so I went to get them myself.” “You know they can’t cope with you,” Hux says, not looking up from his own work. “It’s their own damn fault. If this ship worked, I wouldn’t need them to fix stuff. And if they came when I called for them, and fixed the things they should make work anyway , then I wouldn’t need to levitate them to my shower and yell at them.” “Ignoring that entire train of thought for now… how does being in Maintenance lead to you looking like you swallowed a sock?” Kylo turns the tablet around. “This.” “Good stars… what is that?” “Apparently it’s what they think we get up to.” “What?” “They’re very loud. I get to hear everyone’s mental images. It’s like being repeatedly sexually violated and objectified for free. It’s great .” “Why would they - how do you even get your legs to go like that?” “Lots of chains. And then there’s…” he scrolls. “Look.” “Your mouth would not fit that in.” “I know.” Another scroll. “Here. They think you wear a lot of leather and latex. Apparently there’s a debate as to which of us is on ‘top’.” “…please tell me that means something non-sinister.” “They run odds on which of us… you know.” “…there’s a book. On our penises.” Kylo nods. “…did none of them consider we might… take turns?” “Apparently it’s the least popular opinion. Mostly you’re in tight blacks, writing your decrees with a vibroblade over my back, pulling my hair and calling me disgusting… or I’m - uh - doing… things with a dick I wish I had, and then there’s tentacles.” “Tentacles.” “Yes.” “…they do realise I don’t like non-Humans?” “They think you’re a filthy, closeted pervert. And you love to have a whole hand inside you, or your nipples pierced, or choked half to death, or–” “I’m stopping this right now.” *** “Okay, there’s no excuse, now.” “Hux…” “No, I’m serious. I commissioned a training package about healthy sexual exploration, and how no one was allowed to do it. So now they can all go back to thinking about nothing.” “Hux…” “What?” “I was in Maintenance again.” “Kylo, why ?” “…I broke your chair. Anyway, now they’re convinced you’re the ‘Dominant’, and they think you want everyone to be your bitch because you’re the only one allowed to supervise sexual activity.” “…what?” “They now think you also send coded messages about our sexual sessions through your daily briefings. So they all get to have second-hand embarrassment. Which is rich, as I get it from them all the time.” “WHAT?” “And they think you got me a… tail? And also I think they believe you flog me and that you get off on gagging me under my mask.” “WHY?” “…I don’t know. I also got some very interesting images about myself in pink clothing. I’m apparently fond of you tying my dick up in–” “Why would I want to hear this?” Kylo’s eyes are haunted. “ I had to .” “I don’t want to listen to the Maintenance idea of–” “Hux, you were kissing me after you sucked my cock .” “That’s it . I’m going to go right down there and–” Kylo grabs his wrist. “I haven’t even told you what I apparently do with the Force, yet.” Hux screams.