The Ad It was nearly midnight when Hux’s phone chimed. He put down the notes he’d been shuffling through to reach over and tap his lock code onto the screen. (1) new text He had just opened it when his phone buzzed again in his hand. Phasma: Hey check this out Phasma: [hyperlink] He squinted at the screen. Some kind of craigslist ad? He had mentioned to her that he was looking for a new bookshelf. Maybe she’d found one. The link, however, did not bring up a bookshelf. Or furniture at all. Instead, it was filed under casual encounters, and titled Alone on Thanksgiving? Mad at your dad? I am a 28 year old felon with no high school degree, and a dirty old van one year younger than me painted like Eddie Van Halen’s guitar. I can play anywhere between the ages of 20 and 29 depending on if I shave. I’m a part-time bartender and work late nights at a bar. If you’d like to have me as your strictly platonic date for Thanksgiving, but have me pretend to be in a very serious long or serious relationship with you, to torment your family, I’m game. I can do these things, at your request: Openly hit on other guests while you act like you don’t notice Propose to you in front of everyone Pretend to be really drunk as the evening goes on Start an actual physical fight with a family member, either inside or on the front lawn for all your neighbors to see I require no pay but for the free meal I will receive as a guest He arched an eyebrow. Why on god’s earth would Phasma send him this? He clicked on her icon and held the phone to his ear while it rang. “’Lo?” “Phasma, why did you send me this…personal?” “God, Hux, why do you call instead of text all the time? Old people do that.” “I enjoy hearing people’s voices instead of trying to decipher meaning from a line of text.” “Whatever, grandpa.” “Why did you send me this, anyway?” “Because I read it and thought of you. Maybe you should hit that guy up. You’ve been dreading your family’s Thanksgiving dinner for a month.” Hux stiffened and Millicent complained from where he was sprawled on his lap. He gave her a few pets to apologize. “I wouldn’t say dreading.” “You bitch about it whenever you get more than two glasses of wine in you.” “That’s neither here nor there. And why would I bring this…degenerate to my family function anyway? My father would have an aneurysm.” There was a pause from the other end. “…Isn’t that kind of a plus?” “Phasma!” “What, like you’re so fond of your dad?” Damn it. She had a point. “Well, I can get through it just fine without a bartending high-school dropout.” “Yeah, you get through it, and then go home and get shitfaced on cheap whiskey and call me at one in the morning.” “See, I have a system, and it works just fine. Plus, how do you know I’m not already bringing a date?” The laugh on the other end of the line was borderline insulting. “Oh, you were serious? Hux, I know you haven’t spent the night with anyone for ages. And the cat doesn’t count. You’re a spinster.” There was a clatter on her end and Hux narrowed his eyes. “What are you doing?” “I’m about to lick tequila off that cute barista we met the other day.” “Oh my god.” He closed his eyes. “Goodnight, Phasma.” “It will be for me.” There was a giggle in the background. “Think about hitting up that guy. If nothing else, you might get to leave early.” “You’re obscene. I’m not talking to a felon on craigslist, he’ll end up wearing my skin.” “Everyone has their fetishes, dear, I won’t judge you.” “Goodnight, Phasma.” He hung up, tossing his phone to the side. “Can you believe,” he said, looking down at the ginger cat on his lap, “what I have to put up with?” Millicent blinked at him slowly and yawned. “Exactly. The nerve. And I’m not a spinster.” He huffed and took another sip of wine. “I’m not. I just have high standards.” Millicent grunted and flopped her head over, immediately falling asleep. “Standards,” Hux continued, “that certainly this…person…would not even come close to meeting. Not everyone can be like Phasma and bring every barista who writes their number on her cup home to lick tequila off them.” He sighed against his wine glass regardless. It had been quite a while since he’d brought someone home to lick tequila off of. But that wasn’t because he was a spinster! “I’m just busy,” he said firmly. “I’ve been taking on more cases, putting in more hours. I’ve been getting a lot of buzz at the office. So, really, I’m more fulfilled than I ever would be with some casual lover.” Too bad he couldn’t bring his case files as a comfort to his family Thanksgiving. Ugh. He’d have to be more careful with what he said while drunk to Phasma if she was able to pick up on how much he’d been dreading it. A whole day of uncomfortable silences, of his father reminding him of how much more he’d accomplished at his age, of hearing about how all his parents’ friend’s children had gotten better jobs, had married, had families. And Hux was just- He drained the rest of his wine and poured another glass, then drank half of that in one go. “Wouldn’t it be nice,” he said to Millicent, “if I really could shock my father so much he’d just have a heart attack from sheer rage right there?” She drooled on his knee. “Or at least-“ He swirled the merlot around in his glass. Huh. There was a certain…appeal to the idea, he couldn’t deny that. Not of his father dying! Well- mostly not- or at least, that was something separate. But of bringing this massive trainwreck of a person, this uneducated, uncouth, ill-mannered dropout to his family dinner. The idea was oddly satisfying. He would never be good enough for his family. He knew that. He would always be just never quite enough. So instead of trying and failing, again and again, what if he just said fuck it? If he was going to be a failure anyway, why not blow the whole thing out of the water and be a failure in the most spectacular way? He chuckled, envisioning it. It would feel so freeing. Not trying to be the perfect son, not having to endure the barbs, because he had fucked up so catastrophically by “falling in love” with this dropout that he had already gone past the event horizon. That little bit of not good enough wouldn’t matter with this human disaster on his arm. Maybe it would even shock his parents into realizing…well. Maybe next time Hux came over, without this guy, they’d see how much worse it could have been, and they’d know… He rubbed his eyes. Ugh. It was getting late, he’d had too much wine. It was fine to imagine, to chuckle at these ideas, but for god’s sake, he’d never actually call this person. That was not something Armitage Hux would do. Fucking ridiculous. I can’t believe I actually called him. He paced nervously in the foyer of his parents’ home. This was a terrible idea. Possibly the worst he’d ever had. He was going to make Phasma buy him drinks for a year for starting all of this. But, terrible idea or not, he was committed to it now. What had come over him? He’d been talking to his mother on the phone, she’d commented that their neighbor’s daughter’s boyfriend was staying for Thanksgiving and oh, that had been all the block had talked about. It had been fine until she’d sighed and innocuously said that “Maybe we should have had more children, I’m the only mother on the block whose child hasn’t brought a guest.” Something had seized Hux’s tongue and he’d blurted- oh lord, he couldn’t believe he’d done it- blurted that he actually had wanted to keep it a surprise until the day of but he had a serious boyfriend and he was planning on bringing him and he couldn’t wait for them to meet him. He was going to kill Phasma. But. Even if this was incredibly idiotic of him, he was committed, and he was going to see this through. Kylo Ren, he’d said his name was over the phone. Sounded like an appropriate name for a high school dropout who had a shitty van and worked at a bar. The van announced itself before Kylo Ren did. Hux could hear it from half a block away, sputtering and popping and making noises that made him fear it was going to give up before it reached his house. He hadn’t been lying about it being a dirty old van, and it looked as if it was held together with duct tape and hope. It pulled up to his house with a squealing of brakes and Hux slipped out onto the front porch at the same time the man got out of the car. …. Well. Kylo Ren, if this was him, was much…larger than Hux had imagined. Tall and broad, with a band t-shirt under a leather jacket that looked as if it had seen better days and jeans. Dark hair and eyes and features that were slightly too outrageous to be classically handsome, but had sort of a rough appeal. He tucked his hands into his pockets and his eyes fell on Hux. Hux cleared his throat and made his way over. He was committed to this now, after all. “Kylo Ren?” “Yeah.” Hux had thought that maybe the phone connection had been bad but no, his voice was really that deep. “You Hux?” “I am.” Kylo’s eyes traveled over his parents’ house. “Nice place. Thought I was going to get the cops called on me as soon as I pulled onto this street.” “Yes, well. Hopefully not before dessert. Should…” He glanced at Kylo again. “Have you done this before?” “Nah, but I’m good at fucking shit up. Shouldn’t be too hard. Especially a place like this. Christ. You got butlers and shit?” Hux sniffed. “My parents have a few hands around the house.” “Holy shit, really?” “Are you here to criticize my upbringing or be the worst dinner guest?” “I can do both.” Hux scowled. “I hope you guys have booze.” “Knowing my mother, there will be generous amounts of wine.” “Nice. Can we go get some now, or.” Hux honestly considered just leaving. Getting in his car and driving away and forgetting this whole insane situation. “Come on in. My parents are inside.” He turned and led Kylo into the house, only to nearly jump out of his skin at the sudden hand grabbing his ass . He whipped around, glaring at Kylo, who just smirked. “What? We’re in a serious relationship, sugarlips. And your ass looks nice in those pants.” Well. At least he seemed to be good on his word from the ad. “Mother, father, this is my- significant other. Kylo Ren.” Hux’s father, Brendol, looked incredulously at Kylo, like he thought he might suddenly molt into a respectable human being. His mother, Lenora, just had a frozen smile suggesting that she was desperately hoping the neighbors had not seen Kylo come into their home. “It’s- very lovely to meet you, Mr. Ren,” she finally said. “We didn’t even know our son was in a relationship!” “Yeah, well, I usually keep his mouth busy otherwise.” He slung an arm around Hux and gave him an affectionate squeeze. Hux leaned against him and gazed up, eyes doting. His father’s eyelid twitched and Hux felt a pang of victory. This promised to be an entertaining evening if nothing else. “You look nice,” Kylo continued, addressing his mother. She blinked at him. “Oh, thank you-“ “Yeah, if Hux’s figure holds up like that when he gets older, maybe I won’t get tired of him after all.” Hux laughed, setting a hand on Kylo’s arm. “Isn’t he such a charmer?” Brendol finally spoke. “So, Mr…Ren, what is it that you do?” “Kylo works with food and beverage distribution.” “Yeah, I sling booze down at the WestSide Cantina. You should come down. Thursdays are $2 Pink Panty Droppers.” His father looked like he might actually have a stroke. This was delightful. The most fun Hux had had at a family gathering in years. Lenora cleared her throat. “Well, Maria should have the first course out, why don’t we go sit down?” Kylo drained the first glass of wine before they even filled their plates and Hux filled it again without comment. If looks could kill, Brendol’s would have struck Kylo dead right there at the table. “So,” he finally said as the family began to eat, “any news in your career, son?” The little thrill Hux had been riding from Kylo’s outrageous behavior flat lined and died. “I’ve been recognized for my contribution in the bariatric suit.” “So still no chance at partner yet?” “No, sir.” “Hm.” Hux pressed his lips into a thin line and poked at his duck with cranberry reduction. His appetite had vanished- it always seemed to when his father started interrogating him. “Well,” Kylo’s voice, loud in the sudden silence, nearly startled Hux. “I was given a new position at my job! I am the official judge of our wet t-shirt contests!” “That’s…” Hux’s mother looked pained. “Interesting!” “It’s a great position.” Kylo popped another piece of potato into his mouth and chewed loudly before continuing. “We weren’t sure if I would get it because like, you know how hard it is to get promoted when you don’t have that degree.” “You didn’t go to college?” Brendol scoffed. “Oh, shit, haha, why would I go to college? Waste my time learning about all that- E equals MC squared? No, I meant high school.” “Kylo learns from the school of life,” Hux said, batting his eyelashes at his guest. “Yeah, the whole high school thing is a scam anyway. Teach us how to push buttons for the man.” This was back to being fantastic. Hux wanted to stand up and ask his father if not being partner at age thirty was such a disappointment now, compared to…all of this. “So,” Lenora said, obviously trying to keep this dinner on track. “My son said you two are quite serious! Have you been making plans for the future? Do you want children?” “What?” Kylo said, who apparently had been so absorbed in drowning his food in gravy he hadn’t been listening. “Kids, dearest,” Hux said gently. “Kids? Uh, I might have…some, somewhere. You know I don’t like how condoms feel, babe.” Hux smiled sweetly. “Isn’t it so refreshing to find a family man, mother? I’m going to go get some more chardonnay. Don’t you all have too much fun without me!” He gracefully stood and sashayed into the kitchen, humming merrily as he refilled his glass. There was murmuring from the dining room, then heavy footsteps following him in. “Armitage,” his father hissed under his breath. “Have you gone completely insane?” “What do you mean?” Hux blinked at him innocently. “I mean that- that- that thing you’ve brought to our home! He looks like he has a criminal record.” Hux crossed his arms. “That was one time. And it was really just a misunderstanding!” For the first time Hux could ever recall, his father was speechless. It was glorious. “The second dinner is over, he needs to get out of my house. And then you and I need to talk.” Hux was an adult now. It had been over a decade since…and yet. And yet, that tone, the one that laced his father’s voice when he said talk, that slow venom that promised worse things to come- it still sent him back to those places within himself, when he’d been young and helpless. It still made him small, a child, and he hated his weakness. “Yes, sir,” he said, dropping his eyes to look down at his drink. His father turned on his heel and left. As often it did, Hux’s smallness turned to anger. He’d moved out when he turned eighteen. He was an adult. His father had no more claim to his life. He threw back the glass of wine and poked his head into the dining room once more. “Kylo, darling, I’m afraid I’ve spilled some cranberry reduction on my shirt. Would you be a lamb and assist me?” Kylo shrugged and followed him into the kitchen. “I don’t know much about stains, Hux.” “There isn’t one. Look-“ he rested his hands on Kylo’s chest. “How much would it take for me to get caught blowing you in the bathroom?” Kylo’s eyes went wide and his mouth opened soundlessly. “…w- what?” “I know it’s not in your services mentioned in the ad. But my father is so upset, I think a little more might just give the bastard a heart attack. If I paid you, would that be something we might do?” Kylo’s mouth opened and closed several times. He looked down, seemed to regard the hands on him. “…If you get me off, we’ll call it even.” “Fantastic.” He clapped Kylo on the shoulder and went back to the dinner table. After about ten minutes of uncomfortable silence, he excused himself to go to the bathroom. He scrolled through twitter on his phone, sitting on the counter, until Kylo slid in. “Your parents looked super uncomfortable.” “Good.” Hux hopped off the counter and sank down to his knees. “Holy shit,” Kylo said as Hux unbuttoned his jeans. “You don’t waste time.” “I’m efficient. It’s not like I have to seduc-“ He stopped. Squinted. “What?” Kylo fidgeted. “Is there something wrong with it?” “Mm? Oh, uh, no. No, it’s fine. It’s just-“ Fucking big. A small spark of arousal made Hux want to squirm. Maybe he could find an excuse to extend this to Kylo fuckin- no, no. Bad Hux. Stick to the plan. Don’t fuck the human mess you found on craigslist. “It’s fine,” he finished. “Then, uh. You wanna stop staring and just kinda…?” “Yeah, of course.” He leaned in and ran his tongue along the side of Kylo’s length. The sharp intake of breath above him made him smug. It had been awhile since he’d done this, but he used to be the best at it, thank you. He sucked on the tip and out of the corner of his eye he could see Kylo’s hands gripping the edge of the counter. “Fffuck, you’re- fuck, feels good.” Oh. Damn if Hux hadn’t always liked dirty talk. At this rate he was going to get hard in his pressed pants. He still couldn’t resist putting on a bit of a show, looking up at Kylo as he sank down further onto his dick. He couldn’t fit it all in his mouth- God, he was big, that would feel so good in him- but he could give it his best. Kylo moaned and if that voice had seemed deep before, hearing it now, low and rough with arousal, sent shivers all the way down Hux’s spine. Shit. He was definitely pulling out his dildo tonight. And if he replayed that gravely moan in his head while he did- that was no one’s business but his own. Large hands buried themselves in Hux’s hair as he bobbed on Kylo’s length. “So good. Fuck. Look at you, you love this. Love sucking my cock. You’d never know- nngh- looking at you, in your- fuckin’ fancy clothes and perfect posture- ah-h- that you- you love sucking dick, you were fuckin’ made for it.” Hux squeezed his eyes shut, his cock throbbing between his legs. He wanted to rub himself off at the same time but he wasn’t about to finish dinner with come drying in his pants. He hummed and Kylo groaned, tugging at Hux’s hair. “Fuck- Hux, Hux-“ He tugged again, more urgently, and finally Hux was forced to pull off. “What?” he asked, breathing heavily. Kylo looked absolutely debauched and if Hux had been a man of less self control he would have done something about it. “’m gonna come. And we- haven’t been caught. Wasn’t that, like…the point?” …Hux had kind of forgotten about that. “I…suppose this one might have been a miss. They might not come to investigate.” “So, should we, just…?” “Well, I.” Hux tried to compose himself. “I think I promised you…a mutual agreement for trying.” Kylo let out a shuddering breath and leaned back. “Go for it, Hux.” That was all the permission Hux needed to lean in and take Kylo’s cock back in his mouth. There was no narration this time, but the ragged interjections of fuck and Hux and gonna come, gonna come right in you made Hux press his legs together. When Kylo came, he swallowed, because, well, it was just practical , right? No mess. He was still wildly aroused, but that was his own problem. He’d deal with it later. Kylo was still getting his breath back as Hux fixed his hair in the mirror. “Marry me.” Hux dropped his comb. “What.” “This didn’t work to piss off your dad, obviously, since we didn’t get discovered. So, let’s go for the Hail Mary. I’ll propose.” Hux raised his eyebrows. “A proposal? And I would say yes?” “That’s kind of the point.” Well. He’d just sucked dick in the bathroom of his parents’ house. What else did he have to lose? The rest of dinner was painfully awkward, which was about par for the course with Hux’s experience of family dinners. They’d come back from the bathroom together and since then it had been a thick layer of silence, broken only by the clinking of silverware or Kylo slurping his drinks. “Well,” Lenora finally said, words heavy in the quiet house. “I suppose it’s time for dessert, then!” “Hang on,” Kylo said, flinging his arms out dramatically. “I wanna talk about something else sweet first.” Hux looked at him innocently, and raised a hand to his mouth as Kylo got down on one knee. His father looked as if he might launch himself over the table and physically yank Kylo back up. “Hux, the time we’ve spent together, it’s been- I mean, it’s been alright. And I think it’s time to follow the words of Queen Bee- if you like it,” he said sagely, “put a ring on it. Would you marry me?” Hux and his mother both gasped, although hers sounded more horrified. “Oh, Kylo, yes! I can think of nothing I’d like more than spending my life with you!” Kylo rose to his feet and before Hux knew what was happening, he was being dipped and there was a set of lips against his. When Kylo added tongue, Hux complied eagerly, wondering with a dirty little thrill if Kylo could still taste himself in his mouth. Finally they pulled apart. “Isn’t it wonderful?” he gushed, leaning against Kylo. “Mother, father, say hello to your new son-in-law!” The vein on his father’s forehead looked dangerously large. “Son.” “Yeah, dad?” Kylo responded, grinning like the cat that ate the canary. Brendol ignored him. “I think we need to have a discussion-“ “About wedding plans?” Kylo filled in helpfully. “I know a place, can get us a good deal on invitations. They kinda fell off a back of a truck, but like, it probably can’t be traced back. Probably.” “That’s.” His mother had that same stuck smile. “Well, as long as you’re…happy?” “I’ve never been-“ WHAM. WHAM. WHAM. Everyone turned to look at the door. “Were you expecting anyone?” Lenora murmured. “I’ll get it,” Kylo volunteered. “No!” That came from Lenora, no doubt terrified at the prospect of Kylo introducing himself to a neighbor. “I’ll just…see who it is.” She scurried away, leaving Hux and Kylo to look lovestruck at each other while Hux’s father seemed like he was about to throw something. “Excuse me- excuse me, we are having a family dinner!” Lenora’s voice came from the doorway, following footsteps. “You can’t just-“ The man who burst into the dining room, (Lenora following) was…out of place in their formal home. He wore a vest with a v-neck white shirt underneath and black jeans that might have been an attempt at being formal. His eyes latched onto Kylo, who Hux just now realized had gone rigid in his arms. “Ben.” The man finally spoke. Kylo swallowed. “Dad. What. Are you doing here.” Hux stared at Kylo. Dad? This hadn’t been part of the agreement. “I’m here to bring you home. And to get my Falcon back.” “Falcon?” “The van,” Kylo muttered to him. “I might have…borrowed it. Without, uh. Asking. Or. Saying where I went.” “Damn right. And now I’m here to take it back, and you. Your mother is refusing to leave the kitchen, since the family isn’t complete so what’s the point. Rey cried. You made Rey cry.” “Rey?” Kylo asked, looking pained. “I…I’m kind of- busy here, dad-“ “Yeah, who are these people anyway? You know, that you’re spending Thanksgiving with instead of, I don’t know, your family.” Hux glanced at his parents, then at Kylo. Fuck it, they had an agreement. He’d sucked his dick. No backing out now. “Sir!” he said, putting on his best smile and extending his hand. “I’m your son’s fiancé. It’s such an honor to meet you!” The man stared at his hand like he’d never seen one before. “Your… fiancé , Ben? You got engaged?” Kylo smiled weakly. “Yep. This is, uh, Hux. We’re. Engaged. To be married.” The man looked around the room, then back at Kylo, as if trying to figure out when things had stopped being real. “Okay. Bring him, too. You’re coming home.” Chapter 2 : Chapter Two Summary: In which Hux is not prepared for the madness that is the Skywalker-Solo-Organa clan. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Bring him- dad, no, I can’t, he’s- he has to be here with his own family, it’s-“ “Like the way you had to be with yours?” Kylo’s father crossed his arms. “You got engaged without telling us, Ben. The least you can do is let us meet your fiancé.” “It’s just that, uh-“ “No buts. Rey is crying. I’m taking my own car back, you follow me in the Falcon.” Kylo’s hand closed around Hux’s arm. “I just need a minute to discuss with my one and only! Right, Hux? That, um, thing you wanted to talk about?” Hux, having resigned himself to this madness, nodded sweetly. “Yes! The thing. Thank you, dear. Let’s talk in the kitchen.” Once in the kitchen, Kylo let go of his arm with the look on his face of a man backed into a corner. “Hux, I’m- he must have tracked the car down, I didn’t plan on this.” “I assumed.” Hux raised an eyebrow. “So what will you do now?” “Look, could you- could you just- come with me?” That made Hux take pause. “Wait, come and actually keep pretending?” Kylo rubbed the back of his neck. “Yeah. It’ll just be today, then I can wait awhile and say we broke up.” “Pretend…the way you’ve been?” “No! No, oh god, no. Like- maybe you could pretend that you’re… a decent person and we actually like each other? Just for today?” Hux considered this. “What’s in it for me?” “I don’t know, you’d be a good person with an actual human soul?” “That’s been debated.” “Look, Hux.” Kylo sighed, looking everywhere but at him. “I’m- sort of already the family disappointment, alright? And if they find out about this whole thing being fake, they’ll- well, they won’t even be surprised, because it’s just me fucking up again. But if you just come for a few hours and pretend we’re a happy couple, then- yeah. It won’t be like that.” He finally looked Hux in the eyes. “I’m asking you as a personal favor. Please.” Hux glanced away, turning this over in his mind. This was deeper than he ever intended to get. But he did have a lot of experience with pretending to be pleasant, and what was his other option? Kylo would leave and he’d be here alone with his parents? He wasn’t exactly looking forward to that conversation. “Fine.” “Really?” “No, you hulking creature, I was joking. Yes, really.” Kylo snorted. “Fine. Come on, I’ll give you a ride.” “Ah yes, in the deathmobile.” They left the kitchen, Hux smiling politely. It looked as if neither Kylo’s father nor Hux’s own parents had said a word once they left the room, and it was at least a little heartening to see someone else feeling as awkward as Hux did. “Mother, father, it seems that I have to go meet my new in-laws! I’m sorry I can’t stay for dessert. I suppose I’ll see you on Christmas!” “Son-“ Before his father could get out much more, Hux looked down at his watch. “We need to get going, or we’ll miss it! Come on, dear.” He waved at his parents. “Happy Thanksgiving!” With that he ushered them out, Kylo’s father trailing after them, looking just as glad as Hux to be out of that house. “I’ll see you two at the house. Take care of my baby.” Hux looked at Kylo in confusion, and he rolled his eyes. “He’s talking about the van.” “I hope this thing has seatbelts.” “It does,” Kylo assured him as they climbed in. “One of them is a bungee cord, but it’s got them.” “Oh my god.” Hux’s fingers dug into the side of the seat as the van began popping and rocking under them. They chugged along, and Hux found that he only had to catch himself from being thrown forward once every few minutes. “So, what’s with the Ben thing?” Kylo stiffened. “What?” “Your dad kept calling you Ben.” “Yeah, he does that.” “…is it your name?” “It was.” Hux sighed. Keep being vague and cryptic, Kylo. “Who’s Rey?” “The only redeeming quality about going home.” Hux raised an eyebrow. “A girlfriend?” Kylo wrinkled his nose. “ No. She’s my younger sister. She’s nineteen.” They kept going in silence. Hux didn’t try to make conversation any more, both because he had nothing to say and because he wanted Kylo to focus on not rolling this van with both of them inside it. Finally they pulled up at- huh. Hux had been expecting something smaller, given Kylo’s tattered jacket and the van that seemed to be held together with hope and duct tape. An apartment, a trailer, maybe. But the house they pulled up at was nice, on a suburban street, like something from a sitcom. Not as large as Hux’s parents’ home, but certainly nothing to sneer at. He climbed from the van, glad to be free of it, and looked up at the home. He wondered what Kylo’s family would be like. Perhaps he’d made a mistake letting Kylo drive him and not bringing his own car. Now he had one less viable escape route. Kylo walked past him and Hux followed. “Brace yourself,” Kylo muttered as he reached for the door. “What?” Hux asked, and then all hell broke loose. Hux had flattened himself against the wall, eyes wide, trying to see if he could vanish into the wallpaper. The sheer amount of noise and the rush of people into the foyer was incredible. Some ridiculously tall, broad man with an absurd amount of facial hair had said something in a guttural yell and lifted Kylo. A fat, orange-and-white corgi bounced around his legs, yipping and licking anything it could reach. Everyone was talking at once and Hux had lost track of the amount of people. “Ben!” A voice rose over the rest, coming from a short, slight girl with her hair pulled back. Before anyone could react she charged forward and leapt up, wrapping her arms around Kylo’s neck. He swung with her weight easily, apparently used to being tackled in his own home. “Where have you been, you asshole?” “Good to see you too, Rey.” Oh, so this was Kylo’s sister. The sudden charging made a bit more sense. Hux was abruptly aware of eyes on him, and turned to catch the gaze of a Latino man who looked about his age. “Who’s this?” “Oh.” Kylo set down his sister and cleared his throat. “Um, everyone, this is Hux. He’s- he’s, um, my fiancé.” There was a moment of stunned silence, punctuated by only the panting of the corgi. Then: “Holy shit! Ben! You’re engaged? ” Rey reached over, pulling Hux away from the wall. “Welcome to the family, man!” She gave him a friendly punch on the shoulder that radiated pain down his arm. He tried not to wince and subtly rubbed his arm. There was another guttural bellow from the hairy man and suddenly Hux found himself off the ground, arms like tree limbs holding him tight to a solid chest as he was hugged. His feet pedaled frantically at the loss of standing and he let out a truly undignified yelp. Finally he was put down, dropped back into the frenzy. Kylo put a hand on his lower back, maybe to provide moral support, maybe to keep Hux from toppling over. Another man, this one with a greying beard and laugh lines around his eyes made his way over. “This is surprising, but happy news!” He extended a hand to Hux. “I’m Luke, Ben’s uncle.” “It’s nice to meet you, Luke,” Hux said, still trying to process everything that was happening. He shook the offered hand. And then Luke pulled back, leaving the detached hand in Hux’s grip. Hux screamed, dropping the hand and leaping back, hands fisting in Kylo’s shirt. The hand fell to the ground with a sickening thud. There were warm hands on his face, Kylo’s fingers brushing his hair back. “Hux. Hux, it’s fake. He does it to everyone. It’s fake.” “Wh- What?” Luke was chortling heartily as he shook back his sleeve. “I just can never resist that one. See, Hux, I lost my hand when I was younger.” Hux looked closer and it was true. The wrist ended in a stump, but it was the smooth pink of long-healed scar tissue. Luke bent down and picked the hand back up, waving merrily at Hux with it. “You’re got a strong grip, my friend!” Kylo moved his hand to Hux’s waist. “Are we all done traumatizing him? He’s going to leave me at this rate.” “Nah, this is us,” the Latino man said, lifting the corgi. “Good luck buddy, you’re stuck with us now.” “You’ve got to hand it to me , Ben, that’s not a bad joke,” Luke added, grinning and clicking the prosthetic back into place on his wrist. “Oh my god,” Kylo mumbled, closing his eyes as if he was pained. Nearly at once the group went silent again and Hux looked around to see what had finally tamed the crowd. The quiet seemed to be due to a woman who had just appeared, greying hair pulled back in a braid. She held herself with a sort of unspoken elegance, and Hux found himself wanting to stand up straighter. “Ben,” she said, smiling slightly. “Mom,” he replied. Hux puzzled over how “calls his shitty van his baby” and “can silence everyone by showing up” had somehow created Kylo. She moved closer and took one of Hux’s hands in both of hers. “So it’s true. You’re the one who finally got Ben to settle down.” Hux nodded. Her hands were rough but warm. “Yes, ma’am.” “No need for that,” she said with a chuckle. “You can call me Leia. We’re family now, after all.” “Ain’t that sweet?” Kylo’s father popped in, draping an arm over her shoulders. “It’s about time we got a ginger into this mix, we’ve got nearly everything else.” It was true, Hux realized as everyone dissolved into chatter and he got a chance to look at them. This was a truly motley crew. In addition to Rey, Leia, and Luke, there was Kylo’s father, who Hux now noticed had a grease smear on his cheek. The Latino man was now crouching down, trying to strap a pilgrim hat on the corgi, and a very dark-skinned young man that Hux hadn’t noticed earlier was kneeling down and helping him. And, of course, the huge hairy man, who was now making conversation with Kylo’s father in that same odd guttural language. “Hux!” Rey popped up by his side, startling him. “I bet I can do push ups with you on my back. Wanna see?” Hux blinked at her. “Uh.” “I can do it! I do it with Finn all the time. Don’t I, Finn?” She turned to address the dark-skinned man, who nodded and flashed a thumbs-up before going back to wrestling the corgi. “I think Hux wants something to drink, Rey.” Kylo pushed in. “And stop trying to use people in your workout routines when you first meet them.” “It worked with Finn.” “He is an outlier. Come on, Hux.” Hux followed him into the kitchen. “So they seem- enthusiastic.” Kylo rolled his eyes. “It’s a mess. This is why I never come home.” “The, uh…tall fellow. Does he…what is that. That he’s speaking.” “That’s Uncle Chewie. Obscure dialect of German. Understands English fine, just won’t speak it.” “Huh.” Hux took the offered can of orange soda. “How did your uncle lose his hand?” “Fuck if I know. I get a different story each time I ask.” Hux took a sip, grimacing at the sugary-sweet taste. “Your sister is cute.” In a flurry of movement, Hux found himself backed up against the counter, Kylo glaring at him nose-to-nose. “Don’t you touch her.” Hux- well, to be honest, Hux was equal parts surprised and aroused. Damn, but he could feel all of that muscle against him. “Jesus Christ, Ren, I’m not going to come to your family dinner and fuck your sister. What kind of guy do you think I am?” Kylo arched an eyebrow. “The kind that would blow a guy he met an hour ago in a bathroom.” He scowled back at him. “Didn’t hear you complaining.” He took an obnoxious slurp of the soda. “Besides, I’m gayer than the fourth of July. I tried the girl thing once. It went…not well.” At least that got the frown off Kylo’s face. “You did? What happened?” “That is a story that someone who just accused me of wanting to bang their little sister doesn’t get to hear.” “Fuck you.” “If only you were so lucky, sweetheart.” Hux blew him a kiss and wiggled out from under him. “Yeah, I’d be the lucky one. You were the one who was gagging for my c- hello, Poe!” Hux whipped around to find the Latino man standing at the entry to the kitchen, holding the now-hatted Corgi. Poe grinned. “Hey, don’t mind me, you crazy kids. I was young and in love once too.” Kylo groaned. “Poe, you’re a year older than me.” “And yet you’re the one getting married first.” He put a hand over his heart. “You’re turning me into an old maid.” He filled a bowl of water and on the way out, clapped Hux on the shoulder. “Welcome to the family, man. You got a good guy there. I’m Poe.” It was a touching moment and all until Hux opened his mouth to respond and the corgi took the opportunity to lick him on the face. He sputtered, spitting out dog saliva. “Whoops! Sorry, BeeBee loves to give kisses. Don’t you my little Beebs? Huh?” Kylo snickered behind him as Poe left, and that was the final straw in this bizarre day. He’d been proposed to, arm punched, lifted, terrified with a fake hand, and now there was dog spit on his face. He turned to Kylo, giving him his best bedroom eyes. “Dearest?” Kylo blinked at him. “Um. What?” He slunk over, watching with satisfaction as Kylo’s eyes dropped to the swaying of his hips. “I just want to...share something with you.” Kylo visibly swallowed. “…What?” Hux slid his hands up Kylo’s chest, pressing his palms flat. “Just…this.” He tilted his head up and caught Kylo’s lips, slipping his tongue inside his mouth. Kylo’s hands gently came to frame his face and he made a very satisfying gasp against Hux’s lips. After a moment, Hux pulled back, enjoying the dazed look on Kylo’s face. “Enjoy the secondhand dog spit, my darling.” Kylo gaped at him, then drew back and began spitting into the sink. “You asshole!” “That’s right, Romeo, you are gonna suffer right along with me.” “I thought you actually might be warming up to me.” “I sucked your dick, that’s warm enough. Come on, let’s go eat.” “Hey, hey.” Kylo caught Hux’s shoulder. “Do you- remember what you promised? That you won’t be all-“ “That I won’t declare that I don’t like wearing condoms in front of your family? No, Kylo, I won’t.” He gave Kylo’s arm a reassuring pat. “Besides. I wouldn’t have to. I like to bottom.” And with that, he entered the dining room with a winning smile. Dinner was. Different. While at Hux’s house they’d eaten in polite silence, dabbing at mouths with napkins, this was. Different. This was madness. Everyone reached across each other for the food, bites were stolen off each other’s plates, and constant conversation carried on between bites. “Stop slipping Bee scraps, he’s fat already-“ “So I said, I said I know a diesel-“ “-believe he thought I was a secretary?” “GWARRGH” “-and then I’m going to go hiking-“ Hux watched Rey with the most fascination. He couldn’t take his eyes off her. She ate like a feral animal, tearing into the meat with her hands and teeth. He watched her devour two plates of food and she gave no signs of slowing down. “Yeah,” Kylo said after Hux missed his mouth with his fork for the third time, too transfixed as Rey mixed stuffing with jello and ate it in one bite. “She’s got a metabolism like a hummingbird. Always hungry.” Rey saw him watching and offered him a leg of turkey with a bite out of it. “Y’wannsum?” “I’m fine, thanks.” He could hear Finn on Kylo’s other side. “Hey, what’s Hux’s first name again? I missed it.” “His first- it’s, it’s um-“ “Oh yes, I didn’t hear it either,” Luke added. Kylo looked stony, staring at his food in panicked silence. Hux suddenly recalled that he had not, actually, ever given Kylo his first name. “Kylo, dear,” he said, placing his hand over Kylo’s. “It’s alright, they’re family.” He looked around the table, smiling. “It’s Armitage. I’m not very fond of it, so I go by my last name.” Kylo’s father- Han, he’d learned by conversation- made a face. “I think I would too if it was me, Red. What were your folks hoping for, a Roman Emperor?” “I think maybe,” Hux mused. “That sounds about right.” “And what is it that you do?” Poe asked, feeding a piece of carrot to BeeBee despite his own scoldings. “I’m a lawyer. I handle mostly business law and malpractice suits at the moment, but I’m hoping to finally get into criminal law once I get higher in the firm. I’m, ah. Not quite under consideration for partner for awhile.” “Who the hell cares if you’re partner?” Han said, setting his glass down with a clack. “You’re an honest-to-god lawyer, and still a baby! How many years of school did you do?” “Five and a half, sir.” “Wait a minute,” Finn said, “don’t lawyers need like…a ton?” “Well, the typical is eight, yes. But I finished my undergrad in two and a half years, and my law school in three, so-“ “Holy shit .” Poe nodded. “That’s impressive.” Hux flushed. “It’s not that impressive, I’m still not partner.” “But look how much you’ve accomplished!” Luke said, gesturing with his fork. Hux shrugged and settled back into his chair, content to let the conversation drift into another topic. Eventually he tugged on Kylo’s sleeve. “Are they always like this?” he murmured, under his breath. “Loud and messy? Yeah, mostly.” “No, all- why are they being so…” Kylo was looking at him funny, so Hux shook his head. “Nevermind. Hand me another roll.” “So,” Luke finally said. Hux noticed he wasn’t wearing his prosthetic hand again. “How did you two lovebirds meet?” Kylo got that same deer-in-the-headlights look, so Hux swooped in. “We actually bumped into each other at a coffee shop. Literally. Wouldn’t you know it, he got coffee all down my suit, and right before I had to go to court!” He chuckled. “He insisted on buying me another coffee once I got out for the day, and we ended up just walking around the city all night.” He turned, and caught Kylo’s eyes. “He…isn’t my usual type. I usually only date- well, the ivy league, country club types. But sometimes you just- trip over what you’ve been meant to find.” Poe sighed and propped his chin on his hand. “Oh, that’s so sweet.” The meal was winding down by this point, everyone pleasantly stuffed. “GWARGH?” “Good point, let’s move this to the living room.” Kylo rubbed his arm. “I think maybe Hux should get home.” “No!” Rey leapt up. “You gotta stay, Hux! You haven’t even met Uncle Cee and Uncle Threepio yet! Uncle Threepio makes the best thanksgiving leftover casserole.” “And you’d miss the movie,” Poe added. Kylo sighed. “Every year after Thanksgiving dinner we watch the season’s first Christmas movie. It’s kind of stupid.” “It’s not stupid, now that Thanksgiving is done it’s time for Christmas. Hux, you’ve got to stay.” “It’s going to get dark soon, I can’t drive him back in the van. You know the lights only work some of the time.” Hux looked at him in alarm and he shrugged. “Then he can stay here,” Luke suggested. “He can share your room. Normally I’d suggest a spare, but you never really can keep kids in love apart. Remember, Han?” Hux turned to Kylo then, eyes slowly widening, and Kylo winced. “I’ll. I’ll explain later, okay? But guys,” he addressed the room again, “Hux doesn’t want to stay here. He’s got his own stuff to get back to.” Ah, yes. His own stuff. His own empty apartment. His own cold bed. His own answering machine, probably full of calls from his parents. “Kylo,” he whispered, leaning up to let him hear better. “I’ll stay. If you- if you’d like.” Kylo blinked at him. “Wait, really? You don’t…” he lowered his voice. “You don’t need to, you’ve already done the favor, I don’t want to force you to-“ Hux shook his head. “No. I, uh. I don’t mind.” He could text Phasma to feed Millicent, she had a key to his place. “Oh.” He glanced back up. “He’s gonna stay the night.” There was a general murmur of happiness, and then the group moved into the living room. Kylo and Hux had to share a loveseat, which meant that Hux had to be half on Kylo for them to both fit. If he was constantly aware of Kylo’s warmth against his back and hand on his knee while they watched Christmas Vacation , he didn’t say anything. Kylo’s room was. Something. “I haven’t exactly redecorated since I was a teenager,” he said by way of explanation, when Hux looked at his Green Day and My Chemical Romance posters with more than a little amusement. “Shut up, just because you organize your socks by color doesn’t mean we all do.” “Color and fabric,” Hux responded, looking at the bed. The bed that appeared to be a twin long, no doubt for Kylo’s gangly limbs. But, the matter remained that it was a twin and there would be no sleep for them unless they were willing to do some serious cuddling. “If I need to pull some pillows on the floor, I could-“ “I’ve had your dick in my mouth,” Hux said dryly. “I think we can sleep in the same bed.” “Stop reminding me of that, you’re gonna wake it up.” Hux snorted and was promptly hit in the face with a wad of clothes. “Here. These are mine, but they should fit you.” He picked them up with all the dignity he could muster and moved into the bathroom. “Hey,” Kylo called from behind the door, “what happened to you’ve sucked my dick, no need to be shy?” “Just because you have no problem taking your pants off for strangers doesn’t mean some of us aren’t more exclusive,” Hux sniped back. Kylo was already in the bed when Hux got out. He wore no shirt- of course he didn’t, why would God make Hux’s life any easier- and god damn Kylo had a nice chest. Fuck. Hux was beginning to see the benefits of licking tequila off someone himself. No. Bad Hux. Bad. While shaming himself for his staring, he suddenly realized he wasn’t the only one. “Problem, Ren?” “I dunno. Seeing you in my clothes.” Kylo smirked. “It’s kind of hot.” Hux rolled his eyes. “Oh my god. Go to sleep, you hot mess.” “Why so shy?” Kylo did move over, but even with Hux nearly hanging off the edge, their skin still brushed. Fuck. “We’re engaged, remember, lovebug?” “Until I see a ring on my finger, we’re nothing.” Kylo laughed again, and this time Hux was close enough to both hear it and feel it rumbling from his chest, all deep and rough and just like his moans and god damnit fuck BAD HUX. “Go to sleep, Kylo,” he said curtly and closed his eyes, trying to do just the same. After awhile, he could hear Kylo’s breathing fall into the gentle slowness of sleep and he himself was beginning to drift off. At least, until Kylo rolled over in his sleep, sliding a broad arm around Hux’s waist and pulling his back flush with his front. Hux could feel every inch of Kylo’s warm skin and hard muscle against his back. The lord is truly testing me. Bad Hux. Notes: I'm sorry there wasn't more smut in this one! I actually intended for there to be, but it got so long before I got to that part that I just decided to make it a separate chapter for consistency's sake. But there will be smut, I promise you, dear readers. Chapter 3 : Chapter Three Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux awoke with a muddy feeling of confusion. The Avenged Sevenfold poster on the wall was not something he owned. The sweatpants on his legs were too large and dipped low on his hips. And the chest he was pressed against was unfamiliar. In a moment, it all came back. The craigslist ad. Kylo Ren. The anarchy that was the Solo-Organa-Skywalker-whatever clan. Kylo Ren and his big dick and toned body and muscular arm that was currently keeping Hux against him. And his thigh angled between Hux’s legs. Hux closed his eyes again. Somewhere there was a god that hated him. He shifted his hips and pressed his lips together as his morning wood rubbed delightfully against Kylo’s thigh. Ugh, he could feel Kylo’s abs under his hands. His breath on Hux’s neck. Mother fucker. He rolled his hips again, slowly, cautiously. Kylo’s breathing didn’t change, so Hux took a chance and did it again. And again. Until he was slowly, steadily grinding against Kylo’s thigh. It took all his willpower not to grab Kylo’s hips and do it properly, but that might wake him up. Again and again, the tension pooling in his gut, and- Kylo made a soft noise, eyelids fluttering, and Hux froze like he’d been shocked, eyes slamming shut. After a second Kylo rolled onto his back and Hux took the opportunity to pretend to roll over in his sleep, his back to Kylo. He could hear the noises of Kylo waking up behind him. Of him stretching and shifting and- Hux squinted. He was not. There was a soft, low, “ fuck ”, and Hux knew that the asshole was . He was jerking off in the same bed as Hux. He’d be more enraged if his still-hard dick wasn’t clamoring to join in. He pretended to be asleep, hands fisting in the sheets as he could hear Kylo’s breath coming faster, the bitten-off noises of pleasure, the rhythmic shifting of the bed they shared. Kylo sucked in a breath and let it out on a low groan, stilling, and Hux’s cock ached in sympathy. There was nothing after that for awhile. Was Kylo awake? Did he know Hux was? Was- A snore. He’d…jerked off, and fallen back asleep. Simply astounding. Men. Hux sat there, in quiet indignation, while Kylo snored beside him, until his arousal finally went away. He sat up, then, looking at the time. 8:13. Later than he usually slept in. Yesterday must have been a tiring affair. He put on yesterday’s clothes, neatly folding the ones Kylo gave him at the edge of the bed, and headed downstairs to see if there was any decent caffeine in this house. His hair was more mussed than he usually wore it, but he hadn’t brought any product. “Good morning.” Kylo’s mother was seated at the table, a newspaper at her elbow and a mug in her hands. “Morning owl?” “Yes, ma’am.” “A man after my own spirit. There’s coffee in the pot if you’d like some. I made extra. You seemed like the coffee type.” He poured a mug, black, and after she inclined her head towards the chair across from her, he sat. They drank their coffee in companionable silence for awhile. It wasn’t…bad. Not awkward, like Hux would have thought. “I’m sorry Han dragged you away from your family,” she said at last, with a half-smile. “Last night.” He shook his head. “Oh, it- it wasn’t a problem. My family isn’t like, uh-“ he gestured around absently. “This. It doesn’t…mean…uh, this much. It’s more because- well, ah, it would be horribly improper for me not to come to their Thanksgiving dinner. The neighbors would talk, you know?” She tilted her head, looking at him thoughtfully. “Do you see them often, then?” He took another sip of coffee. “Not…much. I don’t…my father and I are, ah. We just don’t always see eye-to-eye. And I keep my mother updated through email, so.” “Any siblings?” “Nope. Just me and my parents. Certainly nothing like-“ he gestured again. She set down her cup and reached over, taking one of Hux’s hands in hers. He blinked up at her, surprised, his own cup frozen halfway to his lips. She smiled, the lines at the corners of her eyes crinkling. “May I tell you something about my own family, Armitage? Or- you prefer Hux, don’t you?” He nodded. “Hux. May I tell you something about my family?” “Yes, ma’am.” “I was adopted.” Her hand was warm and dry, he noted. “My birth father did some awful things. Involved in organized crime. He never knew I was born, my birth mother died during delivery. He didn’t know who I was, but while I was away on a study abroad trip- my adopted parents were involved in anti-organized crime measures, you see- my birth father burned down my home. And both my parents died.” Hux searched her face, looking for a sign of a joke. For this to be a metaphor. “I lost everything. I was nineteen and all alone in the world. But do you see who surrounds me now?” She gave his hand a squeeze. “I’ve damn near forgot who in this house is my blood and who isn’t. This is my family. I thought I’d never have anyone after I lost my parents, but now I’ve got this loud, messy collection. And I wouldn’t change it for anything.” She sighed and took another drink. “A few years later, my brother- Luke- he met our birth father. Convinced him to turn himself in. He goes to see him every few months, in the minimum security prison they’ve got him in. Luke says he’s turned over a new leaf. Truly remorseful. Plants flowers and builds birdhouses. Asks about me. And do you know what I’ve done?” Hux forced a smile. He should have known where this was going. “You forgave him, didn’t you? I see, you think that I should appreciate my parents more. Thank you, ma’am, I never thought of-“ Leia leaned forward, grinning. “No. I never forgave him. Not once.” Hux’s smile dropped. “Uh. Pardon?” “I am not my brother.” She chuckled. “I don’t have the forgiveness in my heart. Not for him. I never will. Don’t you see, Hux, what I’m trying to say?” “I…guess I don’t, ma’am.” “Your family isn’t who you’re born with. It’s not your blood. Some people you’re born to will never be your family. Some will. And some of your family will come from strange places.” Hux snorted. “Like Chewie?” “Precisely. Your family is who you choose.” She finally let go of his hand. “For what it’s worth, I’m glad you chose my son. I think you’ll make a nice addition to the circus.” He swallowed down a lump of guilt. This woman, opening up to him, letting him into the fold- and this was all a lie that would be over in a day or so. He’d known he wasn’t a good person but this time he actually felt bad about it. The door clattered open and Han walked in wearing a stained t-shirt and worn jeans. “Morning, princess.” He pressed a kiss to Leia’s temple and snagged her coffee, taking a long gulp. She rolled her eyes, but there was a fondness to it. “Hey, red,” Han said, and it took Hux a second to realize he was being addressed. “You ever fixed a carburetor?” “No, sir.” “Ahh, don’t call me that. Makes me feel old.” “Um, no, Han?” “Then come on out!” He waved him over. “I’ve got a doozy for ya.” Hux glanced back at Leia, who winked at him over her coffee cup, and hesitantly followed Han outside. The first thing he registered was the shock on Kylo’s face. The second was that Kylo’s morning drink of choice was apparently a blue energy drink. Figures. “Holy fuck,” Kylo said, looking at Hux like he was covered head-to-toe in grease. Which he was. “What happened to you?” “Your father happened. We were fixing a carburetor and he said to ‘get in there’ and shoved me damn well into the engine.” Hux raised his arms, streaked with grease. “Oh yeah, he does that.” Kylo bit his lip, obviously trying not to laugh. “You can go use the shower in my room. There’s some grease wash in there.” Hux stormed up the stairs, all to aware of the grime all over his skin. He thought that there was some in his pants. BeeBee gave a few little boofs at his feet and Hux absently gave him a pat before shooing him away as he entered Kylo’s room. For the hot mess that Kylo was, he kept a neat shower. There were several varieties of washes, scrubs, and hair products. Hux snorted. He knew that Kylo didn’t have that luxurious hair naturally. Probably spent an hour each morning making it look like he just rolled out of bed. Which one was the grease wash, though? Ah, well, probably didn’t matter. He’d just pick one. Fifteen minutes later it was frustratingly clear that he could not just pick one. He was scrubbing furiously with a pine-scented wash and all it did was further smear the grease across his skin. He was making everything worse! What was he supposed to do, molt a new sk- The water suddenly turned ice cold and Hux, in something he would later deny to the grave, screamed and leapt out of the shower dripping wet. He stood on the hard floor, dripping, shivering, and undignified. The door shoved open and Kylo burst in. “Hux? I heard a scream-“ “The w-water t-t-turned cold. There’s s-something wrong with y-your sh-shower.” “Cold?” Kylo’s expression was puzzled for a second before it went stony. “Oh my god.” He turned back towards the door. “POE. HUX WAS TAKING A SHOWER, YOU ASSHOLE. IT WASN’T ME.” There was a muffled “ Shit, sorry Hux!” from downstairs. Kylo rolled his eyes. “Poe likes to turn on the hot water downstairs when I’m showering. He thinks it’s funny.” Hux shivered and rubbed his arms, trying to warm up. So focused on trying not to freeze that he didn’t notice Kylo’s eyes roving over him for a minute. Hux made an indignant sound, trying to cover himself. “I don’t know why you were so shy,” Kylo said, raising an eyebrow. “Hey! Stop that! Eyes up here.” Hux snapped his fingers and Kylo’s gaze grudgingly came back up. “Just saying. Besides, you’re dripping grease water all over my floor. Do you not know how to wash?” “Maybe if you didn’t have so many useless bottles in there!” Hux stuck a hand back in and, finding the water no longer icy, climbed back under the spray. Kylo’s eyes followed the curve of his hips and Hux yanked the shower curtain shut behind him. “Did you use the grease wash?” “Which one is that?” “The orange one.” “There’s like- three orange ones! I tried the orange one!” “The bright orange?” “Um, it was orange scented? I don’t see any bright orange.” “It’s right there.” “Apparently not.” “For fuck’s sake-“ There was a pause and then Hux jerked as the shower curtain drew back and Kylo stepped in. Naked. Water wetting his hair and beading down his chest. “This one.” Hux snapped his eyes up from Kylo’s abs to the bottle in his hand. He reached for it, but Kylo instead poured an amount into his palm and began to lather it up. “What are you doing?” “Since you can’t figure out how to wash yourself, I’ll show you.” He took one of Hux’s arms in his hands and started to rub the foam onto the grease. Hux watched as the lather turned from white to a dirty grey color, then rinsed off leaving his skin clean once more. “You grow up in this house, you learn how to work with grease. My dad had me in the shop since before I could crawl.” Hux let him continue cleaning him. “He has a shop? Is it a family business?” “Kinda, yeah. He started it with Chewie. I worked there most of my life. Now Poe is probably gonna take it over once my dad retires. Finn works there part-time. He’ll have you learning to tune up cars too soon.” Hux raised an eyebrow. “Soon?” “You know, if- you were actually, like-“ “Engaged.” “Yeah.” They were silent for awhile, as Kylo moved from his arms to his shoulders. “You really got this everywhere.” “I’ve never fixed a car before.” “Yeah, I’m sorry about my dad. He shouldn’t have dragged you out there. And my mom- she probably pounced on you as soon as you came downstairs, right?” “It wasn’t so bad.” “You don’t have to be nice, Hux.” Kylo frowned. “My family is a mess. Half of them aren’t even related to us. My mom won’t rest until she knows everything about everyone, my dad is in a relationship with both my mom and my uncle- yeah, they’re siblings by blood, so that’s weird. Rey is Luke’s with my dad, try explaining that to your friends when you’re a kid. Chewie won’t speak English, he just plain refuses. Poe basically adopted my mom when his died, and now he’s always here, and Finn just showed up one day and never left! This house is a goddamn mess, and everyone is in each other’s business, and it’s loud and messy and it’s just- yours is so neat and orderly and high-class and we’ve got a- a fucking circus.” “When I was ten,” Hux said, watching the grease swirl into the drain, “I got a C on my report card, and my father beat me so badly I lost a tooth.” The silence before was nothing compared to now. Hux could hear the water beating on the wall, Kylo’s breathing, noises as people moved around downstairs. Slowly, so slowly, Kylo began to rub the wash against him again. Hux sighed and closed his eyes, tilting his head back and letting the water run over his face. Kylo’s hands moved in soothing circles, rough but warm. Kylo shifted, and Hux’s lips curled up. “Is that a crescent wrench, or are you just happy to see me?” He could feel Kylo chuckle, and his hands slipped down to Hux’s chest. His thumbs brushed over his nipples and Hux’s breath caught. “Can you blame me? You’re a minx.” Hux laughed, pressing into the questing hands. “A minx?” “Mhm. You’re the kind of guy I’d see walking into the bar and know you were going to be trouble.” He moved from Hux’s front to his back, a warm weight against him. “Would you give me a free drink?” “I’d do you one more.” Hux opened his eyes at last to watch Kylo rub the lather down his chest, bubbles rinsing over his rising hardness. “I’d slip you a drink. Write on the napkin that after my shift maybe I find you in the bathroom. Maybe we lock the door.” Hux braced his hands on the wall of the shower. He could feel Kylo’s hardness pressing against him and was reminded of how big he was, how his lips had stretched around Ren so wonderfully in the bathroom. “Say we do. Then what?” “Then I press you up against the door and kiss you real dirty.” Kylo’s hands gripped his thighs. “No, against the sinks. So I can lift you up against them as I fuck you so hard you’ll feel me for a week.” Hux gasped as Kylo pressed his length between his thighs. So fucking thick and rubbing deliciously against Hux’s balls. “Mother fucker .” “Oh god, pretty thing with a dirty mouth.” Hux let his head roll down, hanging between his shoulders. “Would you undress me?” Kylo was thrusting between his thighs now, everything was wet and hot and immediate. “No. Just enough to get inside you.” “You’re a brute,” Hux breathed out, rocking back into his thrusts. “You love it.” Hux grinned wickedly and reached out, tangling a hand on Kylo’s hair and tugging his head closer. “ Kylo ,” he whispered into his ear. “ I was awake this morning. I could hear you jerking off.” Kylo’s hips stuttered and Hux nipped at his earlobe. “ It made me so fucking hard.” A truly gorgeous moan and Kylo was coming, hot seed coating Hux’s thighs that the water soon rinsed off. Hux opened his mouth to comment, but Kylo was jerking him around to face him, falling on his knees, and swallowing down his cock like he was a sinner and Hux was communion. Hux whined, grabbing that thick dark hair as Kylo’s tongue worked furiously. If the past few days of pent-up wanting hadn’t pushed Hux over the edge, the sight of Kylo looking up at him with pupils blown would have. He came down Kylo’s throat, jerking his hips through his orgasm. Kylo pulled back, rising back to his feet with a smug smile. “Are blowjobs in bathrooms gonna become a thing for us?” “Maybe if you’re lucky.” Abruptly, the water once again turned frigid and they both yelped. Kylo slammed the faucet down, shutting off the water. They stood there, wet and cold and looking at each other in bewilderment. From downstairs, Poe’s voice rang out. “ You got grease on my dog, you asshole!” Kylo started laughing and Hux couldn’t stop himself from joining in, giggles overwhelming him as he rested his forehead on Kylo’s shoulder. “Whoops.” After they finally got clean and dry and Poe glared at them as he washed BeeBee in the sink, the rest of the day passed in a pleasant blur. Kylo’s Uncle Threepio, a tall skinny Indian man with a British accent, and Uncle Artoo, a short chubby Cuban man with a bushy mustache, stopped by. “Also not related to me,” Kylo murmured to Hux. “They’re old friends of my mom’s. Married. Don’t let Threepio know if you do anything dangerous unless you want a mother hen as a shadow.” “What about Artoo?” “He’s probably the one who encourages you do to dangerous things.” “…How does that marriage work?” “Threepio insists that it’s for tax purposes. I think that they’d be unhappy if they didn’t have each other to disagree with.” Finally they peeled themselves away from the family. “Hux has to leave eventually, guys. He can’t stay forever!” “I did,” Finn said, digging into Threepio’s Thanksgiving leftover casserole. “…I have no retort to that. Let’s go, Hux.” “So this is your apartment?” “Yes. It’s not much, but I don’t need a lot.” Hux paused at the doorway. Kylo had driven him back to retrieve his car- luckily his parents had been gone so he could get it from their driveway without conflict- on his motorbike. It was a death machine, but Hux couldn’t deny that Kylo on a motorcycle did something to him. He’d followed Hux home, claiming that his family would know if he didn’t see him home safe. Hux found himself watching Kylo, illuminated by streetlights, and his mouth moved without his knowledge. “Do you want to come in for a drink?” Kylo tilted his head, helmet propped on his hip. “Really?” Hux sighed. “No, I was joking. Yes, really. I feel like we could both use one after this weekend.” Kylo shrugged. “Yeah, sure. Why not?” The second Hux opened his door Millicent was on him, yowling. Hux dropped his keys on the table and knelt down, letting her bump her face against his. “Yes, yes, I know, darling. I know. Daddy was away for awhile, wasn’t he? I’m back now, honey, daddy is home.” She hopped onto his shoulder and he straightened up. “Kylo, go ahead and take a seat, I’ll make the drinks.” Kylo watched him move with an open mouth. “Who’s the uh. Cat.” “This is Millicent.” He poured them both gin and tonics and handed one to Kylo, settling next to him on the couch with his feet tucked up to his side. “If you’re not a cat person, you can leave right now.” “No, they’re fine, I just…” He smiled against the rim of the glass. “Didn’t know you could be that affectionate.” “Contrary to opinion, I am not actually a robot.” Millicent hopped down and padded over to Kylo, sniffing him. He cautiously extended a hand. She studied him carefully, then nudged his head with her hand. “Oh. She likes me.” “Then you’re allowed to stay,” Hux said, taking a sip. “My father never liked her. She threw up in his shoes.” Kylo petted her for a moment, until she was satisfied and walked off into the bedroom. “Hux, can I ask you something?” “I suppose.” “Why do you care what he thinks? Your dad, I mean. He sounds like a real dick, and I wasn’t that impressed. So…why not just…tell him to fuck himself?” Hux sighed, stretching his neck. “It’s not that simple. That’s…that’s really the only thing I can say. You just don’t understand.” “I guess I don’t.” He swirled his drink in his glass. “So. You know about my weird family. You know about my weird life. But I don’t know anything about you. Tell me something.” Hux shook his head. “First, tell me what the situation is with your mom and uncle and dad.” Kylo groaned and drained his glass. Hux threw his back to keep up. He could feel the gin going down, warming him from the inside out. “I’ll tell you on two conditions. One.” He held up his glass. “Another drink. Second, you tell me the story about that time you ‘tried the girl thing’, as you said.” Hux snatched his glass. “Drink first. Then I’ll tell if you will.” Kylo took the offered drink and settled back on the couch. “Alright, so. My mom and uncle were separated at birth, right? They ended up reconnecting and meeting my dad at the same time in their lives. My dad kept having an on-and-off thing with both of them. Dating my mom, then my uncle, then my mom again. I guess eventually they all decided to kind of…make it work? It’s like an axis.” He drew a v in the air with his finger. “My dad is the center. It’s not incestuous, I swear to god. It’s just…weird.” “And Rey came from?” “Uncle Luke is transgendered. I was nine when he got pregnant with Rey. I think it was a surprise to everyone involved.” Hux mulled it over, taking a long sip of his drink. “So she’s your half-sister.” “Yeah, but we always saw each other as full siblings. We were raised together and everything.” He stretched. “So now you know about that. Tell me about the girl thing.” “Lord.” Hux grumbled. “So, my best friend. She’s a girl, her name is Phasma. Dead gorgeous, different person in her bed each night. I think she’s allergic to anything involving love. Anyway, one night, we were, you know. Hanging out. Drinking a little. More than a little. And we decided, what the hell, I’ve never tried to be with a girl before, and she just likes sex.” “You said it didn’t work out.” “I…” Hux looked towards the ceiling. “My…proton canons wouldn’t…fire.” Kylo blinked at him, then all at once burst into loud laughter. “Oh my god! You couldn’t keep it up.” Hux swatted at him. “Shut up! Anyway, that settled that once and for all. I have no interest at all in sex with women.” Kylo was wiping away tears as he chortled. “Are you two still friends?” “She’s the one who sent me your personal ad.” “Then maybe I should thank her. Most entertaining Thanksgiving I’ve had in awhile.” “And I suppose it doesn’t hurt that I sucked your dick.” Kylo’s eyes glinted with mischief. “You know exactly what you’re doing, don’t you?” Hux edged a bit closer. “What do you mean?” “You’re a tease, Hux.” Kylo set his drink on the end table. “Like when you told me you like to bottom right before we had dinner with my family. I couldn’t stop thinking about it all night.” Hux licked his lips. “Maybe I don’t know what I’m doing. Maybe you should tell me.” Kylo leveled that dark gaze at him and Hux luxuriated in it. “I kept thinking about if I had pressed into you in your parents’ bathroom, and you’d be sitting through my family’s dinner with my come dripping from you.” Hux’s lips parted and Kylo’s eyes flicked to them. “Do you know what I wanted to do to you in the shower?” Hux moved even closer. Their knees were nearly touching, now. “No,” he murmured. “Tell me.” “I wanted to finger you open like you deserve. See how much you really love getting it up the ass.” He swallowed hard and Hux could see his adam’s apple bobbing. “Kneel down behind you and rim you until you were begging. Until you were screaming for more. Make you come just like that.” Hux could feel his breath on his lips. “I wouldn’t be satisfied. No matter how much I came, I wouldn’t be satisfied until I had your big cock inside me. Filling me up so much. I was so turned on when I sucked you off, just thinking about you splitting me open.” “Fucking Christ, Hux,” Kylo stared into his eyes, and Hux stared right back. Meeting his challenge. “The things I want to do to you.” “Why don’t you show me?” Hux breathed. Kylo leaned in and Hux closed his eyes, waiting for his mouth on his- The sound of a key in the lock was like a gunshot in the tension of the room. By the time Phasma came inside, they were on opposite sides of the couch once again. “Oh! You’re home, I was just coming to feed Millicent ag-“ Her eyes fell on Kylo. “Hux. Who’s this?” “Uh, this is Kylo. Kylo, this is Phasma. My good fr-“ “The girl you tried to-“ “ Yes.” Kylo smothered his laughter in the rest of his drink. “I guess I should be getting home. My sister will be wondering where I am.” He stood and Hux nearly sighed at the sight of his ass in those jeans. “Thanks for everything, Hux. Nice to meet you.” He nodded to Phasma on the way out. Phasma watched him as he left, head snapping to Hux as soon as the door closed. “So. You’ve got some things to explain.” Hux rubbed the bridge of his nose. “Remember that ad you sent me awhile back?” “Yeah?” “That’s the 28-year-old bartender who my parents think I’m marrying.” Phasma’s resulting ecstatic shriek sent Millicent scurrying under Hux’s bed for cover. Notes: Is this the end for our accidental couple? Of course not. It's me. Notes: This was inspired by an actual craigslist ad. Yes, the ad Hux read actually exists, with very few edits on my part. Godspeed, sir, and thank you for this gift. I have the rest of this fic planned out and it is exciting! Emotions and holidays and a LOT of sex. Hooray. My tumblr is here if you'd like to fall into Kylux hell with me.