iniquitous Notes: official song for this story is "Filthy Pride" by Social Repose i. iniquitous … “One should judge a man based solely on his depravity. Virtues can be faked; depravities are real.” - Klaus Kinski Disgust. Disgust, filth, there are so many names for the unwanted thoughts of the world ; they are woven into society, like a contempt, desperation, and perversion of humanity. It is the certainty of filth that seems inescapable. To know what it means is madness, and yet to be blind to it is sickness-- there is no in between, and there never has been, when it comes to ignorance and indulgence. Disgust is what the human condition thrives on, what turns men into animals and drills away the rationale of their humanity until the only thing remaining is a primal drive. Primitive, even. Why must society be so base? Is there a means of escaping the monotony which society is rooted in, this folly of repetitive behavior that binds each being to one another? More pressingly: would it matter even if there was? Nihilism is perhaps the only explanation as to why Armitage Hux ended up in the position he is now, leaning against a wall of solid and decaying stone, a cigarette barely pressed against his lips, half-dangling between his slim fingers. The doors open and close in succession, a repeat of the tedium that drives every being to their demise. For some reason, he can’t bring himself to care. He stands in the cold outside a police precinct with his jacket drawn up, head upturned and facing in the direction of the doors stoically. He looks down, counts the money in his hand once more. Perhaps--and it is always a ‘perhaps’--it isn’t worth it. To stand here, contemplating his own fate underlying the grisly and immoral passions that slide into his head. Perhaps he’s gone too far under the guise of being rewarded with an answer, when said answer is rumored to be too much for a single mind to comprehend. Of course, a sentient being is merely another thing subject to the whims of the universe; fear is worthless. That had been instilled in Hux from a young age; an irrefutable point. The force behind his decline--so to speak--a muddled centrifuge of unwanted thoughts. Of course, his father, Brendol Hux, had considered him an unwanted thought. That, in and of itself, was enough to break him; at least, it had been as a child, before the clarity of who his father actually was took shape. A senile fool, in the end, and oh, Hux was too blind to see it before. Too blind to realize the insecurity behind his father’s berating, his derisive insults that had at one point scalded Hux to the core. His father’s death spurned a series of ideations that were less than desirable. Looking back now, Hux presumes that it’s the only reason why he’s come to this place, so far out of sight and yet so near to society. He turns on his heel, flicks his cigarette onto the ground and crushes it beneath his boot, refocuses on the money and sighs, raising his eyes to the dimly lit entrance of the precinct. And then he walks through the door. “I would like to post a bail.” The words seem to jolt the clerk out of his reverie. He snaps to attention and meets the cold eyes possessed by the man before his desk. The power of his gaze makes the clerk duck his head. Hux’s expression is callous; it betrays little of his actual intent, though if one were to observe closely enough, they might’ve seen the line of his mouth twitch. The clerk, whose badge proclaims him as Mitaka, does no such thing, simply clicks through a few screens on his computer before glancing up with a nod. Hux can’t help noticing the slight tremble in his hands. “Who are you looking for?” “The one who calls himself the ‘Man of Many Tastes.’” It is as though the air between them turns frigid; the clerk turns his eyes up, betraying something that can only be described as abject horror, sliding back into his chair, like it will swallow him up and save him from whatever fate is facing him. He takes a few seconds to straighten up, eyes never leaving his desk as he pauses, coughs, and quips back: “The bail is… six dollars and nine cents.” A pile of coins is distributed on the counter in turn: quarters on one side, a nickel, and four pennies on the other, the hand which had presented them still clad in a jet black glove, though the fingertips were sticky with something that glowed a faint scarlet under the fluorescent lights. “There you are. Now, are you going to sit there? Or will you do your job and show me to the cell?” Mitaka shuffles to his feet. He moves to a door that clicks as locks are undone, and then redone with little room for pause. He’s not yet raised his head, and the keys jingle in his hands as he looks back around the corner, nodding, extending a hand as if to say ‘this way’. They both know the rule: no speaking. No speaking until the proper payment is met. No words can pass their lips, other than those which could placate the monstrosity of a man. And yet, here they both are: Mitaka as a victim of circumstance, Hux as a willing participant, overwhelmed by what he can’t have and what he needs to know. Is it wrong? Is it disgusting? The intent was never meant to be malicious, but perhaps there is something darker at play. The depravity of his own fantasies, which are just now coming to light. They are built on death and deceit, murder, bloodshed and torture, the tearing of flesh and the smack of skin against skin. Macabre, that’s all it is. But as the door to the cell block clicks open, it dawns on him that it’s so much more , really, to have humanity in his hands. The fragility too sweet to deny. And they’ve always called him overambitious, radical. Armitage Hux is a monster, corrupt, militaristic. Willing to do anything to get ahead in life. And we match so well, don’t we? The voice slips from nowhere into his head, rich and regal, subtle, as though it’s been sealed away for a century. Perhaps it has. Perhaps his Man of Many Tastes is something ancient, otherworldly, and ethereal. Or perhaps he’s just a deplorable being lying tangled on the floor, cast in a mess of blood. The walls echo now, with screams that could rival hell, prisoners encased in metal and glass and speared, drawn bloody, strips of flesh wrung away from skin and made to decay against the tile over the years. Hux doesn’t look at the prisoners. These creations are made from self-loathing and lust, strung over by their own pity and their own need for realization. As if enlightenment was a reality. As if anyone could face the Holder aside from himself. Pride is a vice as well, the voice reminds him, overdrawn with laughter. You reek of selfishness. Greed. I can see inside your head. I can see what you want. Hux doesn’t think, doesn’t respond. He stares at the wall before him, glassy-eyed, even with the howling of those brought to an end before their time ringing in his skull. The smell is bordering on putrid, bodily fluids and excrement and blood, seeping into his nostrils and overwhelming him all at once. Hux can imagine the mess of gore if he thinks long enough, hard enough, conjuring an image in his own mind. His senses tell him to throw up, but he knows that this is reality, another part of the world, the part that the mundane refuse to see beneath that surface of sugarcoated bliss . The door is solid, a dark steel rusted over from years of disuse. Locks and chains adorn the handle, wrapping around bars and hinges as an overdone attempt to cage in the beast that remained trapped, after so long. Thrown away and cast aside in a cage for the sake of the world around him. A faint red light emanates from the cracks and, with it, the pulse of Hux’s heart speeds. He hears the blood rushing through his head, his body, his chest pumping in time with each of his steps. His eyes are rimmed red from the intentness of his journey. The array of sleepless nights never deterred him, not when understanding was within reach. Not when his own world had nearly been decimated in lieu of getting to this point. Mitaka’s hands work to undo the crisscrossing mass of metal, to twist the key into the lock until the door stands ajar by only a few centimeters. Every instinct screams at him to leave, but his head speaks otherwise, and his heart is in his throat. He reaches out, seeking… You’ve come to me, the voice says, and his thoughts crumble into an oblivion of pitch. Over the centuries, Kylo has realized that speaking is a formality, not a necessity, least of all in a place like this. Underneath the Holder’s feet are pictures, and they line the walls like the most obscure art, focused only on treachery and degeneracy. Of course, to Kylo--who is so familiar with the concept of deviance--the pictures are merely decorations, offset to make the world seem less dull, less… grey. The grey has always been there, invasive in his head, something between light and dark that burrowed its way into his skull like a parasite. Over eternity, the pain no longer mattered. There is solace in suffering, and the condition of life is the epitome of suffering. Life is a poison spread through the tides of consciousness. And it was this which had festered under his skin, led him to his own captivity. The surrealist views of apathy condensed into a human body that no longer seeked for a means of escape. Such things were worthless in this world, this plane. The door slams, loud . A cacophony that blares in Kylo’s ears, unusual, yet full of promise. He gathers himself, black fabric pooled around his feet, his muscled arms pulling himself from the floor, away from the grime and the filth and his own shame. The Seeker has no shame. He does not allow it. He buries everything beneath a shell that seems to bloom with hatred and loathing, an arrogance that hasn’t been forced from him, not even with age. But Kylo’s hardly skimmed the surface, hasn’t seen. He can merely feel, through the atmosphere and the thoughts that cut through his own id like a knife, impressed between the organized layers of a mind. Something underneath the Seeker’s flesh is straining, aching and yearning to escape, to be seen and prostrated before the eyes of the damned. Kylo Ren turns around, at last, to gaze upon his visitor. The urge to laugh is overwhelming, waiting in his throat and lingering on his tongue, meant to be heard. Oh, but the Seeker is pretty, still something near immaculate, yet with the softest white flesh and the most brilliant red hair. Slight in frame as he stands there, eyes glinting with an emotion that is unknown to this world. Was it pleasure? A twisted pleasure, befit only for monsters, as the Seeker’s eyes found a single picture and lingered. His face begins to shift, lip curling in disgust and nose upturned as he stares longer than should be possible. “You like it,” comes the accusation, Kylo’s own teeth bared in a smile that glints of metal and the metallic, sanguine approval. “You look, you enjoy, you take pleasure in this.” He moves forward, a few broad steps bringing him closer to the Seeker, sizes him up and begins to impress a stare upon him that bores into skin. It’s the animal talking, the human body, and they’re so close, breaths mingling and glorious decay reflected in the space between them. “Monsters shouldn’t be so pretty,” Kylo murmurs, and the Seeker flinches away, pulls in on himself, averting his eyes. His reluctance dissipates sooner than expected, a short hitch in his breath as Hux voices, “What would pleasure be without pain?” The question is answered with silence, but tension permeates the air, bringing it to a fervent and roiling heat. There is darkness in the Seeker’s eyes that reaches to his very core, something that seems to click when his thoughts fall to the acquiescence of gore and rape, the trauma found in sadomasochistic pandering that paints the walls of this cell. Gutted beings with their stomachs undone and guts strewn over the floor, hands shoved into themselves. Maggots squirming in eye sockets too caved to see. Knives buried to the hilt in the epicenter of a body. Heads dripping blood from the tip a spike. Brains severed open and tongues wrenched from throats until voices are rendered useless. It’s such a wickedness, and yet Kylo Ren can tell this man--no, creature , more a creature than even us -- is gratified. He cannot hold the laughter in anymore. It spills out, his face lights up with a grin of madness, the wild, raucous laughter. It’s more an applause than anything as he grasps hold of the Seeker’s arm, pulls him closer. The man flinches away, as if startled from a reverie, before--with a beauty that is unmatched--he realizes. The Seeker sinks to his knees, hands finding his head, pressing in further and further, as if compelled to tear at his own skin. Kylo would let him, knows how beautiful he’d be all covered in blood, pleading, begging him for mercy. But if there’s something he can’t lose, it’s the softness. “No,” the Holder says, and he wrenches those hands away from the Seeker’s face, pulling him nearer and throwing him to the floor, a crack as his body collides with the cement beneath them becoming the most distinguished sound amongst the silence. And then, as if by a miracle, it dissolves into tears: his Seeker lays there, surrounded by depravity, the very thing he craved, and quivers. Kylo reaches out, his consciousness latching onto the fibers of pleasure, those lustful whispers in the corners of the Seeker’s mind, and pulls. The cry is unlike anything he’s ever heard, carrying with it the syllables of a name, and a presence clad in smoke, hidden by mirrors. “I--,” the Seeker stammers and Kylo grins, kneeling by his side. “Armitage,” he tries, but it doesn’t fit his Seeker properly. Kylo shakes his head, tries again, “ Hux.” The intake of breath is sharp, rasping, a low sob pitching as Kylo’s hand rests along the curve of Hux’s shoulder, slipping to curl around the nape of his neck. “What do you know of me?” Hux asks, and it’s as if the true intentions, the being inside Hux , has come undone, twisting and screaming as he sits forward, his hands gripping Kylo’s shoulders. His face twists into an expression of unsound mind, before he’s pressing closer, the words turning into a myriad of sounds never heard in this plane of existence- too primitive, too human. “Disgusting, loathsome being! You sicken me. Look me in the eye and tell me what you know! You will do it--you will --or it’ll be your guts lining the walls!” A hand slides up to cradle Hux’s face, tracing along the side of a firm jaw, so rigidly set that Hux’s features are almost permanently sculpted into contempt. “Such a filthy being you are, to threaten me,” Kylo chuckles once more, as his hand slides to Hux’s throat and he slams Hux’s head into the floor. His grip shifts and tightens, fingers twining in Hux’s hair and jerking until a sudden moan parts. “Beautiful only in form,” He continues, “Inside you’re the disgusting one, the one made to be caged in a personal hell.” A pause. “Do you think I could cut the sickness out of you, Hux? Do you think I could fuck it out of you? Split open your head, your gut, your chest. Your blood is black, isn’t it? The only color it could be with all the refuse that runs through your veins.” Hux’s stilled now, eyes unfocused, hands relaxed against Ren’s shoulders, caught between trepidation and contrition. “It’s lovely, isn’t it? The contamination?” Kylo adjourns. “Are you going to file me away? Another worthless piece of pornography for your collection? Perhaps you’ll unravel me first, unwind my skin bit by bit until I’m little more than a pile of blood and guts--” And then it’s Hux’s turn to laugh, maniacal & ear-splitting. “You want me. You worthless, unhinged animal. Want something pretty that you can keep, a possession, entirely yours to do with as you please. You’re desperate, aren’t you? Been aching with desperation for so long, this… loneliness? How pitiful. You, who has been gifted sight and yet can never understand--” A hand is slammed across Hux’s mouth and Kylo leers, keeping him pinned and writhing. He would look so lovely, shaded red, dotted in blood, a true Emperor for a realm of the Damned. “You’re mine now,” he hisses, voice low. “ Mine, and I will own you, keep you tied down in a corner, make you worship me as you should have from the beginning. If I am pitiful, you are pathetic, made to be on your knees , you spoiled, self-indulgent whore !” And then their mouths are sealing in a kiss that could burn flesh from bone, claiming and devouring everything that is left of the Seeker’s body. Whatever he was is now lost to the oblivion he’d willingly entered. A reality made of chaos, of foulness, of pornography that Hux was meant to become a part of. Perhaps destined for. Kylo’s nails--long and thick with grime, broken from too long spent uncared for--sink into the flesh of Hux’s sides. Fabric is torn away, wrenched from Hux’s body without care or comment, and he keeps clawing, digging in deeper and deeper, tearing away when only holes remain that can seep with that pitch, that liquid filth. Hux is like acid. The blood leaves a rash when it touches Kylo’s hand, but his only want is to keep tearing, to open Hux up completely. To ruin him, fill the insides of his battered torso with his release and piss on that sweet, succulent flesh like a mark of territory. It’s only as he undoes the buckle on his Seeker’s belt that he looks up and notices the revolted look contorting Hux’s features, can feel the inhale and exhale of his unsteady breaths. His breath smells of rot, venom, and for a moment it’s the only thing Kylo can acknowledge; this presence, this warmth, unusual and… warped. And it’s the mere second of his reprieve, the pause in between movements, that makes him fail to notice hands sliding along his face. Without hesitation, Hux’s thumbs press down on the indent of his cheeks and gripwrench tear it away. Kylo’s teeth ache to bite down, sink into bone and rip hunks of flesh off of Hux’s perfect figure, but the most he can do is startle. And then howl. Riiiip. Cartilage undone for clipped and clean fingers that pry at him and stretch out until Kylo snarls , forcefully snapping his jaw shut. He leans in at the bitter cry that escapes this creature who dared defy him. Yes, he would be so beautiful in my collection, a crowning jewel-- The Holder spits the upper section of Hux’s finger back at him, and his hands lock in place around Hux’s throat, choking and receding and choking again. He hefts the red-haired man to his feet and slams him back into the wall, any semblance of compatriotism fading. Hux’s skull collides with cement, a thundering crack as Kylo’s reward, comparable to applause. His eyes flash open, hands fumbling in futility to claw at the pressure afflicting him. With another slam, Hux is on the floor, knees buckled beneath his lithe frame and pictures scattered about the space where he’d fallen. His head tilts forward, as though he’s prostrating himself-- exactly how it should be-- wheezing with the strain of bruises shading his neck. If violence is what you want, it’s what you’ll be given. And you’ll grow to enjoy it. You’ll grow to understand. There’s not another sound to be heard, nothing in the world aside from the foot bearing down on Hux’s back, stiff between his shoulderblades and forcing his head to the floor until he’s fully bowed, like a slave at the feet of their master. Kylo’s fingers wind into those beautiful ginger locks, no longer immaculately slicked back. His body slides over Hux, enveloping him with his own form. Teeth find a pressure point, nipping at it like a taunt, sinking into the side of that black-ringed throat and tearing, eating away at the expanse of skin licentiously. Hux’s words dissolve into moans, thoughts corroding away into little more than faint screams as he tilts his chin and exposes himself, no qualms in offering the sweet flesh. His hands scrabble for perch against the ground, something to anchor himself to--but he never finds it. He’s descending rapidly, cascading into oblivion, the blood seeping over his being and bathing him, rebirthing his being into the opposite world, the parallel. Kylo curls around the form, takes Hux against his chest as Hux’s breathing slows and his eyelids flutter momentarily, stroking along the patches of soft tissue that remain. His own glare deepens, then settles, features relaxing in a childish display of contentment--the most he could be granted for existence. The precipice crumbles. His deviance is far from absolved, but he has mastered it, and he is ruler here. The Seeker is his, Hux was made for him, and now… He cannot be allowed to leave. Cannot be allowed to escape his fate, cannot be allowed to remove himself from the collection… cannot be, without Kylo. His marrow sighs in contentment and his blood halts at an impasse; then, effortlessly, he falls into the pit as well. Hux’s mind is a perversion all its own. Chapter 2 : sycophantic Chapter by skydork (klismaphilia) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) ii. sycophantic … “What does one want when one is engaged in carnal acts? That everything around you give you its utter attention, think only of you, care only for you...every man wants to be a tyrant when he fornicates.” - Marquis de Sade The pain was unyielding, scorching flame that bit at his flesh, scalding him black with tongue of lust. Akin to being spitted and burned alive, Hux conceded, curling in on himself further and further and further, cringing, legs kicking wildly at the air in some failed display of rage. Underneath his skin, the pitch flowed black and inky, oozing from beneath the cracks in his own visage and dribbling from pores onto ashen stone--it was a reminder of his own futility, how impossibly human he was. In this realm, Hux could hardly feel himself. He couldn’t separate his own being from the animal inside his skin, the fever which consumed him and plucked the spirit from his body without a second thought. Those dreaded, godawful words continued to split his skull open, cleave him in half with the weight bestowed to them. Worthless, treacherous filth, slime, undesirable, a heathen, a wretch, a desperate and prurient slut--you should be ashamed of yourself, Hux, for your sins, for the depraved acts you’ve no doubt committed. I can smell the blood on your hands, the lust in your heart, and it reeks of shame--you should be ashamed, ashamed! The voice bends and ebbs away, crossing the lines between his subconscious and his presence, absorbing sentience by whatever means possible. He can hear them all, Phasma, Tarkin, his father-- him, the Holder, the being of true contempt, a deplorable to be spat on, not even human…! And yet… Falsehoods. Hux finds his eyelids fluttering, like long cobwebs across pale cheeks, as he sits forward and tumbles back all over again. What was once a drab cement room has become a hallway, stretched through black marble, the throws of splendor in an empire yet to be named. Decapitated heads line the pikes along slim columns of bone, trophies for an Emperor, ney, a harbinger of destruction all its own… What could be more beautiful? Hux is lost for a moment, transfixed, wondering if this is what could’ve been, what could’ve been waiting for him in this netherworld for so long, the epitome of his dreams come to fruition… the tiles are no longer obsidian, they run wet with streams of crimson and alizarin, slicking his ankles with the tides of mortality… And then he looks up and sees. The Holder stands there, his fingers sliding along the curve of a creature’s throat, dancing along the outline of raw bruises decorating flesh of alabaster. A slim band of black locks around that injured throat, anchored in place by a length of chain stretching to the foot of a throne that still sets bare, lying in wait for a ruler. Something within Hux’s chest aches; a magnetism, willing him forward, willing him to look upon that woeful creature who has so willingly placed itself in submission. It is indistinguishable, now, but familiar, crying for attention underneath a mask of anhedonia-- -- the hair. Oh, and it is such a lovely shade, somewhere between red and gold, disheveled and matted with blood. Tears slide from its eyes, dotting the lines of features that have been carefully sculpted into a mask of disgust, hands shaking as fingers scrape for a hold on slick stone; the nails, too, have been wrenched off, plucked from each finger with the utmost care, but nothing matters in this moment as much as the eyes. Those eyes-- his eyes, yet gentler, broken. Hux can see the reflection of something once held dear that is little more than a memento preserved in a fragile echo of himself. Is this him? Rather, him as he could be, could have become, pliant and yielding to the whims of another’s power? Yes, the Holder’s voice speaks inside his mind. This is you, not Hux, but Armitage--that weak-willed boy, thin as a slip of paper. The words claw at something within Hux’s chest, and as if possessed, he can feel a jutting pain, hands working between his ribs and bending them apart, eager to pry that venom-filled organ he calls a heart out from under his skin, show him how depraved he really is. Hux hates to admit that it succeeds. Armitage, his other, is stretched across a tapestry woven of pale ivory and gold, shameless. His body is riddled with lines that weep with the most lovely tears of red, legs spread and arms held high above his head, fixed by a cord made of slick masses, the glistening appendages interwoven to become one. Darkness seeps from him, murmuring curses and hexes and jinxes alike, drawing Hux ever closer until his own being is wracked with a soft sob of humiliation. And it is humility, isn’t it? When Armitage manages to tilt his head and cast his gaze upon the black-robed mass of a man whose hands so willingly slide along the contours of that skinny body, his tiny waist, his--petiteness, something offers, and Hux shudders. It is not supposed to be like this, no, because he isn’t the weak one here, he had nothing to lose and everything to gain! Power, unrivaled, and he’d let it slip from his fingers carelessly. Useless. An electricity seems to bristle in Hux’s very core, and he finds that even with whatever strenuous effort he puts forth, he cannot move. A hand slides along the other’s abdomen, fingers sliding with ease inside of a wound that had dripped in pain. And Armitage moans, his mouth slipping open with a wordless sigh and a cascading echo of pleasure, as his flesh parts so willingly for the entrance of another being. The Holder procures a knife, startlingly silver, lined with stardust and the edges of ash, drawing it along the indent between hip and thigh. Armitage shifts, bidding, stretching out his limb and allowing the Holder to press it back, hold it high in the air as the dagger teases the edge of his weeping arousal. A staccato of gasps, as his eyes shut-- “Please, Lord Ren, please, let me be of use-”-- and the digits are slipping out of his side, an abyss of ink spilling with the release and draining to a puddle on the floor. The Holder, this Ren, seems to smile, though his face is hidden from Hux. And then the screaming starts, wails of despair, have mercy, have mercy, Lord, have I not been a good pet, a gracious whore? What do you want, I can give you it, anything, anything, my blood, turn me out from the inside and bring me to ruin, string my intestines around your head like a crown and wear my skin as a cape, my being is for You, blessed Holder of Perversion-! Too late, and Hux finds that the words have escaped his own throat, lingering on his tongue, the dryness of his mouth having become something unfamiliar and soul-shattering. His body is pushed down against the throne, slid along the pale gold and silken seats, chin tilted up as a hand cards through his ginger hair, thoughtless. “The disheveled wretch who dared to believe he could cross me, a Fascist whelp with no understanding of true passion. ” Ren is cooing in his ear now, and a tongue trails along the nape of his neck, something teasing along his spine, just under the skin. It is slimy and unnatural, a parasite to his own being, and Hux hisses. “ You depraved creature! Come to gloat about whatever sick fetishes you’ve put in my mind? I’m not interested in your games--I am not interested in your magic tricks !” “You’re a petty sycophant, Hux,” Ren whispers, and the crawling under his skin subsides, momentarily, before a flare of pain ripples and stretches and bursts, and suddenly it’s as if there are millions of hands on him, holes burned through flesh and bone and organ, into the muddled canvas at the center of Hux’s being-- And yes, yes, he is filthy, has always been, fucked in the head and nihilistic, interested in only reaping the benefits, manipulative, worse than his father. Hux knows now, and he can see, and Ren is echoing it again, those simple words, “You’re depraved.” A hand slides along his knee, grazing the side of his shaft and toying with the sensitivity of his skin, fingers kneading and pinching at any desirable surface within reach. It’s Armitage, eyes splitting his being in half as he watches Hux from between his legs and hooks hands under either of the Seeker’s knees, spreading his limbs up and apart onto either edge of the throne, teasing the line of his entrance with a hand slicked in blood and grime. Fingernails gone, always, and the dirt staining his body, wax sliding along his sides and wrath sneaking out of every inch of him, Armitage is beauty, indulgence that Hux had never experienced, never thought he could want. But he does; he is overwhelmed by the sheer force of his need, and as the first two fingers slide into him, probing and crooking and opening him fully, Hux allows his eyes to close, a breathy whimper passing his lips for the first time in existence. It’s wrong, of course--all of this, submitting to his own most revolting desires. But by his own success and his own loathing, Hux is greedy and he knows it, he is envious, of this power and the display by which a Holder has given it to him. Ren’s hands are firm on his waist, almost circling it in full, pinching the skin tight until the veins pop in his abdomen and Hux nearly sobs. “Please,” he allows himself to say, finally. “I am depraved.” It is overexertion and submission that holds sweet on his lips, lingering in his mouth with a taste similar to blood and nectar--impossibly sweet where it shouldn’t be. Hux hardly allows himself chance to move, to shift; he’s not struggled, isn’t sure he even could, when the heat is searing him and ebbing through his unconscious with a pulse of heat that radiates safety. It is only a further manifest of what was clear before; Hux no longer has the mind to care. Armitage is over him now, not hesitating, as his own calloused palms tangle around Hux’s throat, nudging his thighs further apart and pinning him. There, on a throne, naked and begging, Hux wonders if something has truly broken inside him after all- - he craves this… this deviance. The air seems to be smashed from his lungs in a rapid momentum, consuming and smothering whatever fire had still burned within his being. Hux twists, skull slamming once more into a solid surface, blood dotting his brow as his temple comes into collision with the back of the throne. His lips are pried open, and there’s a grasp, something catching on his tongue, ripping loose, and Hux screams. All at once he’s being split open and corrupted, skewered by his own goddamn arousal, the heady pressure surmounting from the inside and crippling him in full; the man’s clothes are gone now, legs held in the air and anchored to the ceiling by twisting sinews of rope, each thrust bringing more blood to the surface that leaks out around Armitage’s cock. Hux jolts, a broken whine, a lost moan, despairing, even through the blood seeping through his lips and down the lines of his mouth, across the porcelain of his jaw. He can feel- yes, tingling, around his body, as his spine curves and he bends like a bow under the will of his doppelganger--only Armitage, only Hux himself can have this. And just like that, teeth are sinking into his neck and he’s being marked, deep and hard, like blades sinking into pure flesh. Hux’s toes curl; his hips buck upward of their own volition, legs struggling in their binds and entire form squirming with the fever that is overpowering. His hands cling to Armitage’s shoulders, hooking onto them, slipping down his back, against the curve of his buttock. A hilt comes to him unbidden and Hux jerks it out, rapidly, the knife a solid weight in his hand, bronze and jade and dripping with a blue fluid that he flicks thoughtlessly across their forms. Ren’s hand is steady on his back, encouraging, as hands slip around his chest and settle firmly on his undefined pectorals, jerking and sinking in-- Hux brings the blade down and Armitage shrieks. It rips the flesh from his bones, his mind left reeling as it shatters time and time again, a mess of crystalline structures shot to ruin. The blood seeps along his fingers and Hux’s hands fit inside the wound, fixed there, his clone held on his hands like a puppet and his own being displayed like a marionette, hooks affixed through the muscles of his calves as he’s forced to stay leaking and open… The world seems to falter, coming to a standstill as Hux’s psyche fragments. If there was anything there before, anything of certainty, of purity, it’s certainly gone now. Madness has swept into Hux’s own black ichor and now sustains him; he is human no longer, such a primeval and diluted race is worthless to him. There is power, power fruitful only in his abhorrent disgrace, in giving himself to others, using himself to eradicate weakness. The mark on his neck itches with a power of unimaginable strength; the Holder’s fingers rub along it, soft, pleased, sliding up enough to caress Hux’s swollen throat, a grinning mouth warm on his skin. Hux would be foolish to ignore the touch. “You have not disappointed me, my Emperor.” Notes: for some reason I've decided to do another chapter for this after finishing RDU so heads up for the next few days. assisting notes: + Hux comes to in the nether realm; it resembles a palace with decorations of body parts + Hux sees Ren humiliating a duplicate of him +++ duplicate is bleeding and begging as Ren tears him to pieces ++ Ren pins him down on a throne and starts feeling him up +++ Ren degrades him and makes Hux acknowledge his vices +++ Ren begins tearing off chunks of his flesh ++ movement under his skin is reference to his "inner self" coming out + which is why the doppelganger starts giving him a handjob + doppelganger fingers him ++++ doppelganger fucks him, then chokes him and rips out his tongue ++ he passes out for a bit +++ comes to and stabs doppelganger; realizes he's basically been made into a marionette to display his depravity + throne is Hux's now (he's still sitting on it, naked and legs spread, cut up everywhere and bloody), Ren touches the mark on his throat ++ imagery of Hux as a "debauched ruler" as direct reference to his delusions of grandeur, inner greed, narcissism and grotesque nature +++++ he becomes a Holder, though it's not officially explained till the next series segment (yes, there will be more) if you want to run a prompt by me or just talk to someone, you can find me on tumblr: @symphorophilian. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 7 of the Darkfics/The Fucked Up Reality In My Head series Next Work →