"Imagine Kylo gives you your own lightsaber." “Imagine Kylo gives you your own lightsaber.” You were always really fascinated by Kylo's lightsaber and the way he fought with it. He enjoyed your presence when he trained with his lightsaber, he loved it to get your full attention while showing off his skills and you enjoyed seeing the tricks he did with it. Your liking on his lightsaber went so far that you stole it from time to time. Your theft remained undiscovered to the day on which you injured yourself on accident. The lightsaber hit your shoulder while spinning it and so you ended up in the med bay. Of course Kylo got informed about it and he rushed to the med bay to look after you. He felt kinda guilty for the injury because it was his lightsaber you hurt yourself with. You could tell by his voice that he was disappointed and angry at you even though he tried his best not to show his feelings in this moment. Kylo avoided you the next couple of days , he didn‘t give you a visit at your workstation like usual and he refused to come over to your quarters after work. You apologized multiple times for stealing his lightsaber and you asked him what you can do so he won‘t be angry any longer but he ensured you that he isn‘t mad anymore but you still had this bad feeling that something was up with him. This whole week felt horrible , your shoulder still hurt , Kylo avoided you and you didn‘t know what to do. You sat alone in your quarters , reflecting the last week in your mind when suddenly Kylo came in. „Y/N , I need to talk to you !“ Your heart stood still for a second and you turned your head around to meet his gaze. „About what ?“ , you asked nervous. „About your incident a few days ago. I thought a lot about it the last few days.“ He sat down next to you on the couch and you lowered your head. „I‘m still sorry for stealing your lightsaber ! I know that you‘re still angry about it.“ Kylo looked kinda worried at you. „I‘m not Y/N , I told you that I‘m not. I didn‘t know that this topic is still bothering you so much…“ „It‘s bothering me because you‘re acting weird ! You ignored me the whole last week , I noticed this.“ He pulled you in his lap and gave you a kiss on your cheek. „I didn‘t ignore you , especially not in a matter of anger , I was just busy. Look.“ He handed you a really rough looking lightsaber over. „I built it myself and it has a (y/f/c) crystal since that‘s you‘re favorite color. My best men looked three days straight for the perfect crystal. Also I broke some of them in the progress… but I also wanted the perfect one ! It should fit perfect in your hand , not like mine lightsaber. If you want to we can train together from now on so you won‘t hurt yourself again.“ You were really happy that Kylo wasn‘t angry at you and that he gave you your own lightsaber to fight and train with. „That‘s so sweet of you Kylo… I was so worried that you‘re ignoring me because you‘re angry !“ He cupped your face in his hands and gave you a long tender kiss. „I‘m sorry about that Y/N but this was supposed to be surprise , I‘d never ignore you , not even when I‘m angry.“ Chapter 2 : “Imagine Hux gives you his great coat.” “Imagine Hux gives you his great coat.” „Y/N, you‘re late again.“ The voice belonged to Hux, he stood behind you and he wasn‘t happy that you came late to work once again. „I‘m sorry… I don‘t sleep well lately and I struggled to find my uniform and my coat this morning.“ He looked down at you and furrowed his eyebrows. „I‘m sorry to hear, if something is bothering you, you can tell me, I want you to rest well. And about your coat, did you find it ?“ „Thanks for the offer. Sadly I didn‘t, I guess I lost it somewhere.“ Hux sighed and took off his coat, then he put it around your shoulders. „Then take mine as long as you can‘t find your own. I know how easily you get sick and I need you here.“ Your face flushed red. „Thank you Hux, I‘ll take good care of it !“ „You better do. Besides, please meet me at my quarters after your work shift, I want to help you with your sleep problems.“ Your eyes widened and you nodded at him, Hux smiled at you and returned to his own workstation. Chapter 3 : "Imagine being a Kenobi and Kylo thinks you’re meant to be together." "Imagine being a Kenobi and Kylo thinks you’re meant to be together." „So Y/N, you wanted to talk about something important ?“ „That‘s right. I want to tell you something about me and my family, I kept it for myself for a very long time because I thought you wouldn‘t cope with it very well but I think it‘s time to tell you the truth.“ „Just tell me what bothers you.“ „Well.. do you remember when we met each other for the first time ? You asked me why I‘m still using such an old lightsaber instead of a new one and I told you that I‘m attached to it because it belonged my grandfather. I never met him personally but my parents told me great stories about him and you might have heard some of his stories as well. He fought for a very long time side by side with Anakin Skywalker and he helped to destroy the first Death Star.“ „Are you talking about Obi Wan !? You‘re his granddaughter, right ? I should‘ve known !“ „Please don‘t be mad ! I wanted to tell you sooner but I didn‘t know how you‘ll react after all the things that happened between Anakin and Obi Wan.“ „It explains a lot for me that you‘re a Kenobi. And don‘t worry Y/N, I‘m not mad at all ! It‘s not your nor my fault what happened between them.“ „I‘m really glad that you‘re not angry. But what does it explain to you ?“ „Look… do you think it‘s a coincidence that we met each other ? That we became a couple ? It‘s our fate Y/N, we‘re meant to be together ! We‘re supposed to train and to help each other like our grandfathers before us.“ „Don‘t you think that‘s a bit overstated ?“ „Not at all, just think about it. In my opinion it’s not a coincidence that we feel so attracted to each other since our grandfathers had a strong force bond as well.” “You may be right.. I think they’d be really happy to see how well we get along.” “I hope so. But even if our relationship would displease them I’d stay by your side Y/N.” Chapter 4 : "Imagine Kylo gives you his scarf." You always struggled with the weather on Starkiller Base since you decided to stay there for Kylo. It was hard for you to cope with the weather because it was way colder and more snowy than on your home planet so you always dressed yourself too cold on accident. Kylo took it as his personal duty to keep you warm since you always forgot to bring your coat with you while walking around Starkiller. You sat in a meeting with Kylo, Hux and a few other Lieutenants. Like most of the time you forgot to bring your coat so it didn‘t took long until you started to freeze. Kylo noticed and took your hands into his under the table. The warm leather of his gloves felt great, especially when he started to rub his thumbs over the back of your hands. He leaned a bit over to you and whispered in your ear. „You forgot your coat, didn‘t you ?“ You simply nodded at him in response. Kylo sighed and took off his scarf to wrap it around you. It was a bit too big but you didn‘t mind because it was still warm and smelled like your boyfriend. „Thank you, I feel way better now.“ You snuggled up into his scarf and Kylo smiled at you under his mask. Chapter 5 : "Imagine Hux gets jealous when you train with Kylo." Hux knew that it was necessary for you to train with Kylo. You were strong with the force and you needed to improve your skills, he understood this very well and he accepted it. He even enjoyed it to watch you while you trained, but he didn‘t enjoy it that your training partner was Kylo. It felt terrible to see him so close to you, to see you laugh with him, Hux felt so inferior to Kylo in these moments and he hated it. Today it was particularly bad because you and Kylo trained melee, which meant you‘d have much body contact. Kylo knew that Hux would watch you train together, like usual, so he decided to tease him a bit. He threw you to the ground and sat on top of you, pushing your head down with one hand. You tried to wiggle out of his grip but nothing helped. „It‘s okay Kylo, you won ! Let me go now, you‘re too heavy and I can‘t breathe !“ „Actually I don‘t think that I won yet.“ He turned around to Hux and grinned at him, knowing what his behavior does to him. Hux felt furious. He didn‘t hesitate to run over to you to push Kylo down from you. „Get away from her ! You disgust me, you waste of a human being !“ Kylo couldn‘t help but laugh at the anger of the General. „Take my hand Y/N.“ He reached you his hand and helped you to get up , then pulled you into a hug. „Are you okay , Y/N ?“ You nodded at him. „I‘m fine, thank you.“ He gave you a kiss on your forehead and let go of you to face Kylo. „And you‘ll listen to me now, I see through your dirty little tricks and if you want to pick a fight with me, you tantrum throwing piece of shit, then let Y/N out of it and come directly to me.“ Kylo's grin vanished and he stepped a bit closer to Hux. „Sounds like someone jealous here, do you really think I‘m afraid of you !? You‘re just some pathetic General.“ „Careful, Ren. If someone‘s pathetic then it‘s you, you contribute nothing noteworthy to the First Orders success, not like me and Y/N, we make the work and you do nothing but throwing tantrums and destroying some consoles so watch your mouth. You should leave now and don‘t destroy something while you leave, this would only prove my point.“ Kylo clenched his fists and left you without any words. „Hux, that was…“ „Impressive and brave ?“ „Dangerous.“ Hux laid his hands on your shoulders and looked in your eyes. „I don‘t fear him and I wanted to help you. Successfully, if I‘m allowed to mention, so be a bit grateful my dear.“ „I didn‘t meant it that way ! I almost ran out of air, so thank you very much. I don‘t know what I would‘ve done without you.“ Hux placed his right hand on your cheek and gave you a tender kiss. „That‘s way better Y/N. Remember that I‘ll always be by your side to protect you, I love you Y/N.“ Chapter 6 : "Imagine Kylo catches a cold and tries to hide it from you." It was early in the morning when you woke up in the bed of the Commander. He already left your quarters which was unusual for him, normally you had to wake him because he slept until afternoon if no one interrupted his sleep. Generally, he behaved strange the last few days. He only showed up in your shared quarters when you already slept and he left your quarters before you woke up, also he didn‘t take off his helmet in your presence and it seemed as he tried to avoid you, so you decided it would be the best to confront him with your problem. You thought about all the places where Kylo could be at the moment but you were almost one hundred percent sure that he‘s yelling at General Hux on the bridge. You freshen up a bit and then you went to the bridge. When you arrived you were surprised because Kylo didn‘t yell at Hux, it was the other way 'round. Kylo didn't even try to defend himself, he just looked at the floor while he crossed his arms. Honestly, he looked like an pissed child. You walked over to them to stop Hux. „General, I think it‘s enough. I don‘t know what the Commander did this time but it‘s not a reason to yell at him like this. By the way what did he do this time ?“ While you stood next to Kylo you could hear that he breathed heavily, it sounded extra awful through his voice changer. You also heard little sniffles but they were very quiet. Kylo didn‘t look very fit in general. „Your boyfriend tries to imitate Darth Vader again with his heavy breathing and it annoys me to death !“ Hux turned his head to Kylo. „The poor man burned, Ren, he sounded like this because he wasn't able to breath and to live without life support machines anymore ! Don‘t you want to say something !?“ Kylo didn‘t want to look pathetic in front of you so he tried to yell back at Hux but his voice cracked and he squeaked really high pitched instead. Hux looked confused at Kylo and you couldn't help but giggle at the sound Kylo just made. „Oh, this sounds like as if someones hoarsely. You caught a cold when you visited Hoth, didn‘t you ? I told you to wear warmer clothes ! You should go to our quarters and get some sleep. I‘ll bring you some soup and medicine later then.“ Kylo hesitated a moment but then he left the bridge. „General, please inform the Supreme Leader that Kylo isn‘t able to go on missions next time.“ Later that day you visited Kylo in your shared quarters to eat some soup with him and to give him some medicine. You also thought he‘d feel way better when you cuddle with him. At first he refused to come too close to you because he was afraid he‘d infect you but you insisted to cuddle with him. After a short time you sat in his lap and petted his head while Kylo nuzzled his head in your neck. Chapter 7 : "Imagine Hux steals your first kiss." Today was a good day for you. To be more exact, this was the best day since General Hux gave you the promotion to his personal assistant. No one came up to your workstation to annoy you and Commander Ren wasn‘t even on Starkiller so you had a break from writing reports of his destruction, but the best thing was that General Hux invited you to a cup of tea after your work shift in his personal quarters. You had a crush on the General since a very long time so your heart jumped higher when he asked you to drink some tea with him. He claimed that he wants to talk to you about some important upcoming First Order events but you hoped that he'd talk with you about something more personal. You finished your work earlier today so you won‘t be too late to meet the General. You made your way to his quarters while all kinds of thoughts crossed you mind when you ran into Hux. „Oh, General ! I‘m so sorry, I was lost in my thoughts and didn‘t pay enough attention to-“ „No Lieutenant, it‘s fine. No need to apologize, I guess you were on your way to my quarters ?“ He hold a small wooden box in his hands which attracted your attention. „Yes General, I wanted to be on time.“ „Punctuality is a good thing Y/L/N, I admire this trait. If you don‘t mind, let‘s go to my quarters together.“ Hux went ahead and you followed him. Your heart beat faster and you could feel how red your face was. You never visited Huxs personal quarters before, only his office so you were excited and curious how the man of your dreams lived. He handed you the small wood box when you reached his quarters so he could enter the code for the door better. „Please hold this Y/N. It's … meant for you anyway.“ Your heart stood still for a moment. He never addressed you with your forename before and the way he pronounced it sounded so cute. Also you didn‘t expect that he‘d make you a gift. „I hope you like cats Lieutenant because my roommate is one, her name is Millicent.“ You both entered his quarters and Millicent ran over to you. She was a slightly chubby red tabby with a pretty black collar and she seemed to like you because she purred at you and cuddled with your leg. „I love cats, I had one myself when I was younger. It‘s nice to meet you, Millicent !“ Hux smiled at you, this wasn‘t the reaction he expected and he was really happy that you got along with each other. „I‘ll bring us tea and some biscuits but I need to ask you to open the box I gave you, before I‘m able to do that.“ You looked confused at him but you did what he requested. You opened the box to see that it contained a bunch of tea bags. „This is really exclusive tea from Jakku. As you may know, the planet is a- without being rude, a dump but the people there know how to make good tea. Anyway, I‘ll take care of everything, please take a seat on the couch and make yourself comfortable.“ You nodded at him and took place on his couch. Millicent followed you and sat next to you while she rubbed her head against your arm. Hux came back with a small platter which he placed on the table in front of the couch. ”The tea needs to brew a bit before we’re able to drink it.” He sat down next to you. „General, you said you want to talk with me about some upcoming events ?“ „That‘s right. The First Order will invite their allies to a gala and I‘m the host.“ „So you want me to help you to plan everything ?“ Hux glanced at you. „That‘s… not exactly my intention, no. I don‘t want you to help me.“ „Oh. Okay but what do you want from me then ?“ Huxs face flushed red and you could see how much he struggled to find the right words. „I … I‘d like you to join me on the gala. Like, as a date. But only if your boyfriend has nothing against it.“ Your face flushed red as well. „Oh, I‘d love to ! And don‘t worry General, I don‘t have a boyfriend, I never had..“ Hux was both, happy and surprised about your answer. „You‘re serious ? But you‘re so pretty and smart ?“ Huxs compliments really touched you and you covered your face with your hand in embarrassment. „Ah, thank you ! That‘s way too nice of you to say.“ Hux came a bit closer and took your hands in his to remove them from your face, then he slowly rubbed his thumbs over yours. „So if you never have had a boyfriend … does this mean you‘re unkissed ?“ Your heart stopped for a second. You hesitated but then you nodded to answer his question. „That‘s really cute, you‘re still so pure Y/N. So… as you might know now, I like you really much. You got that promotion to my assistant because you‘re the only person who was worth it but also because I wanted to see you more often. I hope you won‘t mind if I take what I longed for since I‘ve met you.“ Hux let go of you hands to to take your face in his hands. Your heart started to beat faster when you felt his lips on yours. The kiss was long , tender and sweeter than you ever imagined it to be. Chapter 8 : "Imagine Kylo calls you out for stealing his clothes." You sat in your quarters, playing with your datapad when Kylo rushed in. He took off his helmet and tossed it aside, his eyebrows were furrowed and he looked really angry. „Y/N ! You need to stop !“ You were a bit scared by Kylo. „What did I do ? I need to stop with what ?“ „Stealing my clothes ! That‘s my shirt you‘re wearing right now, isn‘t it !?“ Your fear vanished and you rolled your eyes. „No it‘s not, it‘s my own shirt.“ „For fuck‘s sake Y/N, this shirt is three times too big for you and the fabric is a bit burned on the shoulder.“ „Maybe I like comfy big shirts !“ „Maybe I like it to punish you for lying !“ Kylo walked over to you and pulled you into his arms, he ran his hands all over your body and tickled you. „Confess that you‘re a sneaky thief who always steals my clothes !“ You couldn‘t help but laugh, you tried to wiggle free of his grip but it didn‘t help. „Only over my dead body !“ Kylo bit your ear and you could hear him laughing while doing it. The fight went on until you both fell backwards on your bed. Kylo caught his breath and turned his head over to you. „It‘s okay if you want to wear my clothes but ask before you take them.“ Then he pulled you closer to him and gave you a kiss on your forehead. Chapter 9 : “Imagine Kylo gets angry when you tell him how bad you think about yourself” When Kylo entered his quarters you stood in front of his mirror. He thought you wanted to check how you look in the new uniform which he gave you a few hours ago but when he came a bit closer he heared how you sniffled. He immediately took off his helmet and tossed it aside. You got scared by the sound when his helmet met the floor so you turned around. „Y/N … what happened !?“ You looked horrible. Your eyes were red because you cried for hours and your makeup was ruined as well. Kylo made a few steps towards you but you tried to avoid eye contact with him. „Y/N , I want to know what happened, immediately ! Who hurt you !?“ „Nobody hurt me…“ He sighed annoyed. „I want to help you Y/N, but I can‘t if you won‘t tell me who gave you a reason to cry !“ „No one did anything to me ! I‘m just so unhappy with myself. Look at me, I‘m so ugly and pathetic compared to the other female Officers !“ Kylo looked at you in disbelief. „What are you talking about ? Why do you say something like that, you‘re the prettiest woman I‘ve ever seen ! You‘re the love of my life and I ensure that you‘re the most wonderful person in the galaxy. You‘re not pathetic nor are you ugly and I can‘t believe you say something like that.“ „You‘re just saying that because we‘re a couple. I know how I look and how pretty the other officers are. Also I contribute nothing significant to the the First Order to help to crush the restistance !“ Kylo glanced angry at you. He walked up to you and took your face in his hands. You still refused to look at him. „Look at me and listen carefully Y/N. Stop comparing yourself to these petty officers. They‘re replacable and nothing special but you‘re unique and of course you contribute something to the First Order. You‘re doing your job just as good as anyone else here. Besides you do even more because you make me happy and you always give me a reason to smile, no other person is able to do this. I‘m the most important person in the First Order also am I your boyfriend and if I tell you that you‘re important and beautiful you should believe me, I would never lie to you. It‘s ridiculous that we need to talk about something like this Y/N. It hurts me to hear how bad you think about yourself.“ „I didn‘t know that you have such a high opinion of me .. thank you Kylo..“ He hold you tight and gave you a kiss on your forehead. „I don‘t want to hear a bad word about yourself ever again, understood ?“ You nodded. Chapter 10 : "Imagine Hux is sick and refuses to rest." You were in an important meeting with your Tie-fighter squadron members when you received a text message from Lieutenant Mitaka. > Please come to the bridge and look after General Hux, he‘s very sick and needs to rest but he doesn‘t want to leave his workstation !< You shook your head over Hux‘s behavior. It wasn‘t the first time that he came sick to work and refused to go to his quarters to rest. You explained the problem to the participants of the meeting and then you headed directly to the bridge where Hux worked. You heard Hux already heavily coughing when you arrived. „God damnit Hux !“ Hux recognized your voice and turned around. He looked horrible, his eyes were puffy and red and he looked like if he didn‘t get any sleep the last few days. Your facial expression told him that he‘s in trouble with you. You walked over to him but Hux avoided your gaze. „How many times did I told you to stay in bed when you‘re sick, you‘re such a workaholic !“ Hux sniffled and rolled his eyes. „Y/N, I can‘t call in sick. I need to work, you know how important I am.“ „I know, ‚you‘re the most important person in the First Order‘, but you still need to take care of yourself. Please take the rest of the day and tomorrow off.“ Hux really didn‘t want to leave his workstation. He took your hands in his and looked deep in your eyes. „It‘s okay Y/N, I don‘t feel that bad. Just go back to your meeting my dear and we‘ll see each other tomorrow, love of my life.“ You sighed. „Sweet talk won‘t work Hux, get your datapad and drag your ass to bed.“ Hux mumbled angry under his breath and coughed because of it. He glanced over to you and whispered in your ear. „Okay but one condition, if you force me to stay in our quarters you‘ll stay with me. Will you ?“ You smiled at him. „Of course, everything‘s better than this boring meeting and someone needs to take care that you rest properly.“ Hux smiled back at you and took his datapad. Both of you spend the rest of the day in bed with Millicent. Hux snuggled up to you and petted your head. „Thanks for carring about me and for staying Y/N, I‘m so grateful to have you by my side.“ Chapter 11 : "Imagine Kylo overhears a conversation between You and Phasma where you tell her that you have a crush on Kylo." „You look concerned Y/N, did something happen to you ?“ The voice belonged to Phasma, she took off her helmet and leaned on a wall next to you. You hesitated for a moment. „Not really but.. I have a problem with Kylo. I think that he manipulates me with the force.“ Phasma glanced worried at you. „This doesn‘t sound good. Why do you think the Commander would do something like that to you ?“ „Because he stares threatening at me since a few weeks. I can‘t see his face through the mask but I feel his gaze on my body and I feel so weird when he‘s around me. My head is empty, my cheeks turn red and I start to sweat but I should be angry at him for his behavior.“ Phasma giggled. „It‘s not really funny for me, you know. We used to be such good friends but now I think he‘s mad at me and I don‘t know what I did wrong.“ Phasma smirked at you. „I don‘t think the Commander uses the force on you. In my opinion you‘re just really sick, both of you.“ You looked at her with wide eyes. „Oh no, do you think it‘s deadly ?“ She laughed and patted on your shoulder. „Not that kind of sick. I think you‘re in love. Like you have a crush on the commander and after your description I think he likes you back but he doesn‘t know how to express his feelings properly.“ You thought about her words for a moment. „Actually this makes more sense. Help me, what should I do now !?“ Phasma shrugged. „Tell him.“ „Really helpful, thank you Phasma.“ „How about you tell me what you like about the commander ? Maybe you will find the courage to tell him about your crush then.“ You started to blush. „Uh… okay so I like his sense of humor. His cheeky comments on General Hux are really funny. He‘s good looking and in my opinion he should never wear his mask. His fashion sense is really good too and I really appreciate his friendship. He's also a skilled fighter and his lightsaber looks so cool ! But to be honest, I could never tell him all this stuff in his face.“ Phasma grinned. „I think you don‘t have to anymore. I‘ll leave you guys alone now.“ She took her helmet and left you alone. You turned around to see Kylo in front of you. Your cheeks flushed red and you had the bad feeling that he heard everything. „How long have you been standing here !?“, you asked embarrassed. „Since you thought your crush is deadly. I‘m really sorry you felt so bad because of me.“ Your heart started to beat faster. „It‘s okay.. but please stop to stare at me, it's freaking me out. So... we don‘t have to start dating if you don‘t like me that much but don‘t end the friendship because of my feelings.“ Kylo took off his helmet and smiled at you. „I‘d never end the friendship with you ! And to be honest… the relationship thing… your words really touched me. I‘m happy that you think like that about me because normally people fear or hate me but you think so different. If you want to you could visit me later in my quarters. We could hang out and I can show you some force stuff if you‘re interested in it.“ You smiled at Kylo. „With pleasure ! But… is this a date or are we just hanging out ?“ Kylo blushed. „A date ! I guess.” You walked past Kylo and gave him a kiss on his cheek. „I‘m looking forward to it !" Chapter 12 : "Imagine to play Pokémon Go with Kylo." „I don‘t like this game Y/N, I always catch the same stupid Pokémon.“ „Come on Kylo ! I catch nothing else than Rattatas and Pidgeys but it‘s fun to hunt them. Also it‘s nice to spend some time together, don‘t you think ?“ Kylo placed a kiss on your forehead. „I really enjoy our time together Y/N, but it‘s frustrating if you get nothing else than flaming horses.“ „What ? Show me your Pokémon ! I thought you complain because you only catch Weedles and Drowzee !“ He reached you his Holocom and the most Pokémon he catched were Ponytas and some Rapidash. „You gotta be kidding me …“ „Is the flaming horse good ?“ „Yes ! Where do you find them all the time, I want them too !“ „I caught most of them near Hux's office but they spawn all the time in my game.“ „Near his office or IN his office ?“ „Honestly…“ You sighed. „Oh Kylo..“ „He‘s on the bridge at the moment so if you want to we could break into his office to catch some flame horses !“ „But he‘ll be angry if we break into his office for Pokémon.“ Kylo gave you a smirk. „Do we care ?“ You smiled back at him. „I guess not !“