Prologue The bond was a bridge. A bridge that had stood through all those attempts to burn it and had laughed at both of their many attempts to do so. Both, for a time, had chosen to leave the bond empty, interweaving tendrils that for what seemed like eons transferred no signals, saw no thoughts or feelings; both thought they preferred it that way and maybe, just maybe, they did. Ah, but the force had different plans for these two than what they had wished. The bond would become something they would both learn to cherish. It would be their atonement, it would be their undoing, for she was the light in his vortexing dark, but, he would also be the dark in her abundant light. -0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0 Prologue She's awake. The dark trickles around the room in a liquid haze, taking advantage of the lack of windows and shrouding everything light couldn't grab. She knows he's awake too; the force users energy is a wounded beast, bleeding as pride is known to do when scathed. It's not as fierce tonight, though, as it can be at times. He's trying to listen, to reach out to her. And Rey knows she can't resist much longer, resolution giving way to want and discomfort. It hurt, leaving the bond empty. It gave a certain stretch on both of their minds, drawing the strings of their brains taut, feeding their tempers and disconcerting them to no end. Luke had noticed this in her, he worries Rey about it often. Asking her question upon question in his old sage-like manner that picked at her nerves. The old Jedi had been watching her with a certain knowing as if maybe he realized who was picking her brain. He knows his nephew wasn't defeated on the Starkiller base; He had almost given away to rage when he had heard what Kylo had done. And Rey would not soon forget the face upon her masters face when he had learned the awful news. It's still dark, but now she can hear the shuffling of feet in the corridor. Maybe Poe or Jessika out for a midnight snack like she knew both of them to do. She could give in now, let him through the thing he had created. Give in to curiosity, give in to discomfort, it wouldn't be hard at all. Ah, yes, to have that stress off of her mind for just a little bit. And he wouldn't even have to know, the tugging she felt earlier had ceased. If she could just... No. She had spent too many a night up since Starkiller thinking like this, losing precious sleep she had just become accustomed to.She thinks back to the first attempt at rest since the planet had collapsed. The bond hadn't been closed then, he had talked to her, without using a single sound but it was loud and innate all at once. Something you had to believe in without seeing and Rey knew all too well the disappointment of those sorts of circumstance. So, no she wouldn't give in tonight just like she wouldn't give in any other night, she could and would be strong. With a strong set to her chin, she let her head fall back down to the pillow and with indignant vigor, she slept. "You were right you know? Earlier." A deep sonorous voice echoes behind her ear. She's on Ach-to and she doesn't even have to turn around to know who it is. His voice is permanently burnt into her mind, she couldn't forget if she wanted to. She remains quiet. "It would be easier, if you would just let me teach you," He pauses turning her around, the scar on his face looks fresh and she has to stop a surge of guiltiness when she sees it. "I can take whatever I want" He notes softly, pulling her in for a hug, she squirms and struggles but her efforts become confused when she finds herself struggling against a soft but rigid form, still hugging her. Leia. She blinks, inhale , exhale, blink , inhale, exhale, blink, swallow. A dream. Another blink and she realizes the sky is a garish pink hue, yet another and she finds Han standing beside her, a shit-eating grin on his face as he places an arm around her shoulders, as a father might do. " You'll warm up to 'em. He's a little ass, but an okay kid once you get past things." Rey tries to grasp at the image of Han but it is replaced with one of Luke, face stricken as if he has just witnessed something terrible happening. "No!" He shouts, pulling at Rey with his metal arm. --- "You didn't sleep well last night, Rey" Master luke notes, eyes wary and holding sympathy. " I don't often, now do I?" Luke passes this off with a nod and a tisking of tongue. "There's news," Luke says. "of the senator of Chandrila, Pash Stoma; young man, around your age." He continues, motioning for her to sit down beside him on the canvas bench. " Yes, I've heard, he's the one who helped Leia with the information on the Zeltron shutdown, what about him?" "Ren has got him" Lukes' eyes seemed to have aged 50 years in that one sentence, gazing at Rey testingly, warily. She didnt like the way his expression held her. "We never would put you in danger, but-" He pauses looking dangerously serious. "He has.... compassion for you" Reys heart dropped into her stomach as an undulation worked its way through her mind, a sick, satisfied wiggle of energy. he was acknowledging the truth in what Luke said. He wants to send her back, back to the monster -- back to the interrogation chair. Memories of metal and excruciating headaches. "Rey, please," Luke pleaded. "There's something about you, Kylo wants you alive; We need you to help the man ,Rey, he has kids, Pash needs you. Her mouth was dry and there was a crackling like battery acid lurching in her stomach, acerbity tightened her features and she thinned her lips with misgiving. Pash was a very kind man, with sable hair and hazel eyes; he had been extremely nice to her and the force around him buzzed with light. She should help, she really should. Just thinking about what that monster might be doing to the poor man... She has to. "And what do I need to do?" Lukes' eyes thinned out with a proud smile. The senator sat under Kylo Ren's fierce gaze. Ren had let the bond be while he carried out his task, he needn't let Rey find out any sensitive information. "Now tell me, senator," Kylo looks the man up and down, scrutinizing the likenesses he had been told about. He had searched and searched for leverage, a fingerhold over her. Now, quite possibly, he had it. "What do you know of your parents?" The man squirmed in his seat, Kylo could feel every fear, every heartbreak. It was enough to drive anyone insane, wondering who their parents were, Why their parents were. His voice was clipped by the ventilator and he held the man's chin in a sharp grip with the force, looking this close he could see it almost. The light that surrounded him was entreating enough. Kylo could sense him search for a story, mind grasping at facts and coalescing them into an explanation that might please him. "I know they're dead" He states, searching Rens mask just as Ren has seen an infinite amount of times before, but, just as the others, Pash would find no pity, find no sympathy. "And?" Ren entreats, applying pressure on the man's mind, just enough to ache. "THATS ALL" the man groans,writhing around amongst the interrogation chair apparently Kylo had been using too much pressure, oops. He could spy little beads of sweat forming on Pash's forehead. He was telling the truth. But oh, the truth wasn't good enough. He needed more, more! How in the hell was he supposed to get what he wanted like this?! His breathing quickened and his fingers brushed the tip of his sabers hilt. no Pash will have to do. Notes: It'd be nice if you know, would comment, "kudel" or whatever it is you crazy kids do