Kylo Ren relationship headcanons pt.1 ♦ When Kylo developed feelings for you he thought that he's sick because he never felt like this before. He non-stop complained to Phasma when something went wrong in his life because she was kinda his dark side Mom and she had always good advice for him. So, one day he came up to Phasma to tell her about the way he felt around you. He told her that he always started to sweat , that his knees got weak and that his stomach hurt. He accused you of poisoning him somehow but Phasma told him that he's probably just in love. „No Sir, I think you‘re in love, that‘s all. Anyways, Mitaka told me that she likes you too, go ask her out.“ And Kylo were so surprised and insecure about it because... someone could love him ? 'That's so surreal', he thought, he couldn‘t believe it. ♦ You always hoped Kylo would ask you first if you want to date because you liked him and you were pretty close to him, but he never tried to ask you out so you decided to make the first step yourself because you were tired of waiting. When the time was right you told him to met you in your quarters to ask him out and you just asked him straightforward. The first few seconds Kylo stared at you perplexed because he didn‘t expected this to happen but then he agreed. He told you how happy he is to have you by his side and he explained to you that he didn‘t asked you first because he thought he‘d scare you away if you wouldn‘t feel the same for him. ♦ Shortly after you and Kylo became a couple Snoke talked with him about it. Kylo thought Snoke would tell him to send you away or worse but Snoke was actually pleased about your relationship and he told Kylo that he approves the relationship as long as Kylo won‘t neglect his responsibilities. (Snoke hoped you would make strong Skywalker force babies.) ♦ You didn‘t like, just like Kylo, Hux so whenever you had a meeting with him or when he ordered you on the bridge to talk about important things you whispered jokes and rude comments about Hux to Kylo. He loved your jokes but he had to act at least a bit serious in front of him so he tried his best not to laugh and if you didn‘t wanted to stop the jokes he pinched your arm or he gave you a gentle smack on your shoulder while giggling. ♦ Kylo loves and trusts you but he gets so insecure jealous when you talk to other guys because he thinks so bad of himself. What bothers him the most is your friendship with Lieutenant Mitaka. He‘s a really good friend of yours and he always makes you laugh during your work and it makes Kylo furious. He wants to be the only one who makes you happy ! Also, he‘s jealous because Mitaka is so nice and popular. Almost everyone likes him and he‘s good looking too. All in all a lovely guy with many female fans on Starkiller, so Kylo is afraid you could leave him for Mitaka. That‘s one of the reasons why Kylo is extra harsh to him. ♦ When Kylo is jealous he wouldn‘t talk with you about the problem, instead he‘d try to avoid you as best as he can. He would destroy the whole base because he‘d get so many temper tantrums as an result of not knowing how to handle his feelings. You wouldn‘t know what‘s wrong with him until Hux begs at you to stop your boyfriend from destroying the ship and killing the male employees, then you‘d know exactly what's wrong. You‘d follow the track of destruction until you find him. At first he‘d yell at you to leave because he doesn‘t want you to see him like this, he‘s also afraid to hurt you accidentally in his rage but you won‘t leave him alone. You always walked straight up to him to hold him tight while you told him in your softest voice that everything will be fine and that you‘re not angry at him. If he calmed down a bit you would go to his quarters and you both would cuddle for the rest of the day while you explain to Kylo why you love him and that he‘s the only one for you. ♦ Sometimes Kylo had to leave Starkiller base to go on a mission but before he left he made sure that someone would take care of your well-being. Mostly it was one of his Knights but when they had to follow him on his mission he asked Phasma if she could look after you as long as he‘s gone. You always told him that it‘s not necessary because you could take care of yourself but he insisted that someone looks after you. ♦ Kylo wasn‘t used to show his emotions to other people and he didn't know how to express his feelings, so he rarely told you that he loved you, but he thought it‘s okay as long as he showed you instead. He spoiled you rotten with the most expensive shit imaginable, he gave you everything from nice lingerie to fine food to expensive clothes. You felt really bad because you didn‘t want him to spend all his money on you but he told you that he pays everything with the money from the First Order account so it‘s okay and you shouldn‘t think too much about it. His unhealthy way to show you his love through presents went so far that he bought you your own little shuttle. You always wanted your own shuttle and you felt really flattered but you told him to return it because it was just too much. He refused to return it until you punished him with the silent treatment. ♦ At some point when your relationship gets serious, like really serious, Kylo would ask you if you want to meet his grandpa. He never told you anything about his family and you thought it would be a great opportunity so you agreed. He led you to his quarters and you were really confused because 'did he forgot something ? Is he messing around with me ?' But no, he opened a door in his quarters which you actually never noticed and you both went in. You didn‘t know what to say or how to react at first because he introduced you in the most serious and happy voice to a burned Darth Vader mask. You didn't know what to do so you just smiled awkwardly and listened to the stuff Kylo told you about him. After a while you understood what the mask meant to Kylo and that he’s a Skywalker. You didn‘t ask him about his other family members because you thought he would‘ve told you about them if he wanted to. ♦ Kylo liked it when you touched him, no matter in which kind of way but he loved it when you played with his hair, or when you petted his head. Sometimes you didn‘t give Kylo enough attention when you visited him in his quarters because you were too busy with your work. Kylo didn‘t know how to express his wishes with words so he just rubbed his head gently against your shoulder until you noticed him. You would sit down in his lap with one hand on your data pad and one hand in his hair while he nuzzled his face into your neck. ♦ Kylo suffered from really bad insomnia and nightmares so he‘d wake up several times at the night, shaking, sweating and afraid of his own thoughts. You were always there for him in these moments and he appreciates it so much. He told you multiple times to sleep in your own bed or on his couch because he felt bad for waking you up so many times but you refused his offer because you knew how bad he suffered at night and you couldn‘t stand the thought of him being all alone with his problems. After a nightmare he liked to lie his head on your chest and to listen to your heartbeat while you petted his head. It didn‘t took too long until both of you fell asleep again. ♦ On some days Kylo was in a bad mood for no obvious reason so you took it as your personal duty to try to cheer him up. You took his helmet and turned the voice changer on, then you started to make ginger jokes about General Hux. Your cute female voice sounded so ridiculous with the voice changer and your jokes were so merciless, so he couldn't help but laugh. Kylo would feel better and you could go to work without worrying that he‘d kill someone. Chapter 2 : General Hux relationship headcanons pt.1 ♦ When you and Hux got to know each other you worked as the leader of the main Tie Fighter Squadron on Starkiller base. You were known as an ambitious and fair leader who protected the base more than once f from serious harm. Also your success rate was over 92% and it really impressed Hux because you were way above the average success rate from the other Squadron leaders. ♦ Once a week you had to appear in Hux's office to report him what you and your squadron did over the week, if anyone died or if one of the Tie fighters broke. When you and Hux were done with the formal part he always invited you to drink a cup of tea with him and Millicent. Normally Hux didn‘t invite someone to have tea with him, even if he tolerated the person but you were one of the rare persons who got accepted by Millicent so he thought you‘d be great company. He hid the real reason for his invitions behind this assertion but actually he appreciated your presence himself, he liked it that you treated him like a normal human and not like a relentless monster like some other employees. The conversations with you were always so unconstrained and easy, also he loved your humor and the way you smiled. ♦ When Hux started to develop a crush on you he didn‘t even notic it at first because he tried his best to ignore his feelings. He discovered them when Ren started to flirt with you. At first it bothered him just a little bit but he got so furious and offended after a while so he decided it would be the best for himself to ask you if you want to be his girlfriend to stop the shameless flirting between you and Ren. He was tired of fighting for your attention with him and besides he wanted to show Ren where his place is and that he‘s the better man for you. ♦ Hux decided to ask you out the old fashioned way with a big flower bouquet while he wore his best uniform. He was really confident and he had a high opinion of himself but he got really nervous when he stood in front of your quarters. He liked you more than he wanted to admit and the thought of you belonging only to him and the face of Ren when he sees how you kiss each other delighted him very much. It was in Hux's opinion a sign of weakness to show feelings or to love other people so he decided to make it quick and easy. He knocked at your door and waited for you to open but nothing happened. He knocked again but again nobody opened him so he left to give you the bouquet later. He turned around and bumped into you. „I‘m sorry General ! Did I hurt you, are you alright ? Oh, for whom is the nice bouquet ?“ , you asked. Hux blushed. Now that you stood in front of him he didn‘t know that it would be so hard to ask you out. His voice was lost and he didn‘t know what to say anymore. „General ? You should visit the medbay, your face has almost the color of your hair.“ You never saw the General so nervous and mixed up so you couldn‘t help but smile at him. Finally Hux found his courage and he handed you the flower bouquet. „My dearest (Y/N) I really appreciate your friendship and I feel so happy when you‘re around. I love the way you smile, you talk, you laugh and you‘re the prettiest woman I‘ve ever seen. You‘re a really important person for me, as you may know, and I hope you feel the same. So.. do you want to be my girlfriend ?“ Your heart started to beat faster and you blushed. „This is the cutest love confession I‘ve ever received. Thank you, Hux. I absolutely feel the same for you and I‘d love to be your girlfriend !“ You entered your quarters with him and Hux pulled you into a tender and loving kiss. ♦ Shortly after you and Hux became a couple he allowed you to move into his quarters so you could share more time together. One of the best benefits to let you move inti his quarters was to see you interact with Millicent all the time, he loved to watch her sleep curled up next to you. ♦ Hux was really afraid that Kylo would use you against him so you kept your relationship secret at the beginning. You always wondered why Hux didn‘t want to publish your relationship but you didn‘t question it any further. ♦ After a while you noticed Hux's nervousness and rage when Kylo was around you or when you talked to him so you decided to talk with Hux about the problem. He told you about his worries and you were able to calm him down. You explained to him that you‘re able to defend yourself and that you wouldn‘t be intimidated by Kylo. Also now you knew the reason why Hux didn‘t want to make your relationship public. ♦ Hux would never admit it but he loves it when you touch him. Sometimes when you weren‘t too tired after a hard work day you gave him massages or you cuddled him and he loved it so much. One day you thought he just doesn't like the attention and the cuddles because he never said anything and he also didn't react, he just tolerated it somehow in your opinion. He wondered why you stopped with the affectionate gestures but he didn‘t want to ask you about it because he thought that you‘re just stressed, but he really missed your touch after a while so he decided to take the dominant part himself. Whenever you sat with him in his quarters on the couch he pulled you in his lap while he kissed your neck tenderly. You were really surprised at first but you liked it. ♦ He was always really afraid you could get hurt through one of your missions so whenever your Tie fighter squadron got sent out on a mission he wrote you a short good luck mail on your holocom where he wished you good luck and he told you how much he loved you and that you should take care of yourself. Chapter 3 : Ben Solo relationship headcanons pt.1 ♦ When you and Ben started dating you worked as bounty hunter. Once your relationship became more serious you quit your job because you weren’t able to see him very often. He suggested you to work with him on the Millenium Falcon and you accepted his offer. ♦ Ben's last girlfriend left him for a ‘better’ guy, she also cheated on him multiple times with customers and other people. It kinda traumatized Ben and he felt inferior to other guys since then. He loved you and trusted you but he got really insecure, jealous and protective when you talked to other men, especially when the other men looked good. He‘d immediately lay his arm around your shoulder and kiss you in front of theother person but he prefered it to mark you with words. „Isn‘t my girlfriend the cutest and smartest sweetheart ? She always makes the best deals with our clients, that‘s why i love her so much.“ -under his breath- „so fuck off dude..“ ♦ If you were too nice to other men (let‘s be honest here, you loved Ben and you’d never be ‘too nice’ to other men) he felt betrayed and he would be mad at you. Depending on how angry he is he‘d give you the silent treatmen for a few hours or he‘d get rid of his frustration as he pins you gainst the next wall to show you to whom you belong. He would never admit that he’s jealous but later he‘d apologize for his behavior and ask for forgiveness because he don‘t want to lose you. ♦ Sometimes Ben forgot that you were a feared bounty hunter before you decided to stay by his side on the Millenium Falcon so when you told him about your adventures and some of your hobbies he were frightened for a second because you were so sweet and pure in his eyes and then you‘d say stuff like „So I cut off all of his fingers because the client wanted to wear them as a necklace, what a freak.“ and he‘d be like „You cut off his fingers !? Ahh… bounty hunter stuff, right, right. You‘re my murderous little cinnamon roll, tell me more stories please.“ ♦ Ben showed his love through little favors and many gifts, like, if you need to wash the dishes but you‘re tired ? Ben will do it for you. You need to clean the ship but you‘re too lazy for it at the moment ? Ben will do it for you. Even if you insist to do the stuff yourself because you know Ben is busy, he‘ll do it for you anyway. Also you can‘t visit a single planet without him to buy something for you. You always told him he doesn‘t have to do this but he did it anyway. In return you always made sure that he‘s healthy. Sometimes he didn‘t get enough sleep so you forced him to go to bed while you took care of everything. When he woke up a self cooked meal waited for him. Generally you‘ve ensured he ate enough through the day because he wouldn‘t take care of this need himself. ♦ Someday Ben asked you if you‘d like to meet his parents. You were afraid they wouldn‘t like you because you were nothing special in your opinion, also you‘ve heard many impressive stories about his famous parents. The beautiful and talented Leia Organa, leader of the resistance fought against the evil Darth Vader with her skilled husband Han Solo by her side, one of the most famous smuggler in the whole galaxy. ♦ Ben was really happy when you decided to meet his parents because he never introduced one of his girlfriends to them but you were different, you meant so much to him and he wanted to know what his parents think about you so when you finally met them you were surprised how nice they are. Leia told you how pretty you are and that she never thought her little Ben would ever get such a lovely girlfriend. Han liked you too and he patted Ben on the shoulder to tell him how proud he is that he finally found a young lady to kick ass with and that you reminded him of Leia when she were younger. All in all Leia and Han liked you and they were happy for you and Ben. ♦ After you‘ve met his parents Ben introduced you to his two best friends Chewbacca and Poe. Chewbacca cuddled you to death and while you tried to get rid of his death grip Poe asked you jokingly if Ben paid you to be his girlfriend because he always thought Ben would ‘smuggle the other way’. Chapter 4 : Lieutenant Mitaka relationship headcanons ♦ You and Mitaka were already good friends before you started to date. You liked him really much because he was without a doubt the prettiest and sweetest Lieutenant in the First Order. He was nice, compassionate, smart and also good looking. You crushed on him for a really long time but you were always afraid to destroy your friendship if you‘d confess your feelings to him so you never mentioned anything like that. One day you noticed that other Officers admired him as well, some of them also flirted with him even in your presence so you decided to ask him out on a date. You couldn‘t stand the thought of him with another girl or boy so you confessed your feelings to him. Mitaka was really happy when you told him that you fell in love with him becuase he felt the same way for you but he was too afraid to scare you away so he never said anything. ♦ Mitaka is really insecure and he thinks really bad about himself so he‘s always worried that you think about him the same way as he does so you have to tell him at least once a day that you love him and that he‘s good the way he is. In return he tells you that you‘re the most perfect human in the galaxy, because that‘s what he really thinks about you. The whole relationship with him is just really supportive and positive. ♦ Mitaka is the biggest cuddler but he‘s also a bit shy and cautious so he always asks you before he dares it to touch you. You told him multiple times that it‘s okay if he hugs you etc. because you love him and it‘s always nice to get hugged by him but he‘s still afraid you could get angry. Sometimes it‘s a bit annoying but you know that he‘s insecure so you never say anything about it, instead you assure that he‘s allowed to touch you and that you like it to get touched by him. ♦ Even though he‘s the Lieutenant some of his employees disrespected and even bullied him. He always told you it‘s not a big deal and it doesn‘t bother him so you believed him until you saw how some officers pushed your boyfriend around while they insulted him. Now you knew why he was so insecure about himself, the stuff they told him were terrible and just wrong. You walked over to the officers to tell them to stop, otherwise they‘d have to face serious consequences. They laughed at you at first and didn't take you serious because you were so small compared to them and they thought it‘s ridiculous that Mitaka can‘t defend himself but they stopped to laugh immediately when you started to list every single dirty secret and every misbehavior you knew about them and what General Hux would do to discipline them if he‘d find out these things. Their faces turned white and you told them that you'll tell Hux everything with evidence if they dare it to bully Mitaka ever again. Since this day the bullying stopped. Mitaka was really grateful for your help and he knew that he could always count on you but he was also a bit concerned why you knew so much about them. (You‘re BBF with Thanisson because you‘re always nice to him and you once brought him some food to his workstation and since then he shares the best gossip and rumors about employees with you.) ♦ You and Mitaka can‘t see each other very often so he writes you super cute and lovely text messages while you work. Sometimes when he misses you he sends you a poem, then he sends you a list with everything he likes about you or he sends you a message where he simply tells you that he misses you and that he‘s looking forward to the time when you‘re able to see each other again. He asked you if it‘s annoying or if he should stop but you ensured him that it‘s actually really cute and lovely and that you like to receive this kind of mails from him. ♦ Mitaka knows that you often hang around in his quarters when he‘s not not there because you don‘t like your own quarters for some reason so he always leaves you some food with a cute handwritten note in his kitchen. You‘re really grateful that he tolerates you in his quarters because he‘s really sensitive when it comes to his privacy so you clean up for him in return because Mitaka is always so tired and exhausted when he gets back from work so it‘s really helpful and a big relief for him if you do this task for him. ♦ When you and Mitaka have both a day off you like to take long walks around Starkiller Base. He‘s really into his job so he loves to tell you facts about the Base and how everything works. You‘re not really interested in Starkiller Base facts, especially not on your day off but it‘s really sweet how excited and happy Mitaka gets when he talks with you about it and he explains everything in such an interesting way so you just listen to him. Besides, Mitaka is really proud that you choosed him as your boyfriend and he wants to show everyone on the Base that he belongs to you and you to him so he loves it to walk around with you. ♦ You know that Commander Ren treats Mitaka really bad so you want to take revenge for you boyfriend. Of course you can‘t insult or attack him because he could kill you with a finger flick so you like to play pranks on him. Mitaka told you multiple times to let it be because he‘s afraid that Ren will find out and kill you but you‘ll do it anyway. Even if Mitaka doesn‘t approve the things you do he helps you with your pranks because you‘re a team and he wants to protect you if anything goes wrong. Also the pranks you play on the Commander are just hilarious and he wants to see what you planned this time for his hated boss. ♦ Mitaka is really jealous but he doesn‘t show it with aggressive behavior or with ignoring you, instead he gets really sad so he tries everything to get your attention. When he got jealous the first few times you didn‘t know why he acted so clingy and why he bought you so many gifts for no reason. It just happened so you asked him why he acted like this and that he doesn‘t have to spoil you so much. At first he refused to explain what‘s the matter because he thought it‘s stupid and childish to be jealous but after you asked him again and again he told you about his problem. You knew exactly how he felt because jealousy was the reason why you asked him out ! You told him everything about your feelings before you started to date him and he felt much better now. He didn‘t know that you got jealous too but still, he continued with the clinginess and the presents when he was jealous but now you knew why he acted this way and you were able to comfort him faster. ♦ Mitaka is in almost every situation really submissive but in bed he likes it to be in charge to keep balance in his life. Like always he‘s a bit shy and careful at first but when you give him the permission to go ahead and do what he wants to do he enjoys every single second of it. He likes to wear his uniform during sex because he feels more powerful and superior to you. (Also he has a tiny chubby belly and he wants to hide it but shhh…) He loves it to push your upper body into the mattress with your hips high while he holds your hands behind your back, in this moment he feels like he could crush the resistance alone, like if nothing and no one could stop him. Besides, Mitaka has the biggest praise kink so it‘s really stimulating if you tell him how good he is and that he‘s the only one who can make you feel like that but sometimes you‘re just don‘t able to talk to him during sex so he accepts your whimpers and moanings as compliments too. After sex he cuddles you to death and he likes it if you fall asleep in his arms. The next morning he‘ll probably apologize to you for being so rough and careless. Chapter 5 : Kylo Ren relationship headcanons pt.2 tw for the fifth headcanon: selfharm , starvation !! - Sometimes it‘s really cold on Starkiller Base and no matter how many clothes you put on you‘re not able to warm yourself up. Kylo, the living heater on the other hand felt always pleasantly warm so he gave you his favorite scarf if you told him that you‘re cold and if you asked really, really nicely he even allowed you to cuddle up to him in publicly. Normally he wouldn‘t allow you something like that because affection is a sign of weakness in his opinion but he feels extremely bad if he knows that you‘re cold and he also secretly enjoys the cuddles. - Kylo doesn‘t know how to cheer you up when you‘re sad so he just sits by your side and listens to your problems until you feel at least a bit bette. If you ask him for some affection, then he holds you tight and pets your head (he won‘t do it himself because he‘s afraid to make everything worse) but sometimes he doesn‘t have the time to cheer you up or he isn‘t on Starkiller Base so he just sends you cute and dumb things through the day on your holocom. „I found this funny looking plant on Takodana, do you like it ? I could bring it on Starkiller Base if you want.“ „Rogue told me a really funny story about two Ewoks, do you want to hear it ?“ „Sniper told me that the funny looking plant is actually very dangerous so I won‘t bring it home but I made a bet with him that he won‘t punch it it the face. He prepares himself at the moment, do you want a video of the fight ?“ - He‘s extremely afraid of you if you‘re angry, not because you could hurt him or something like that but you‘re so grumpy and you yell around for no obvious reason and he doesn‘t know how to calm you down so he brings you things to delight you or he stays as far away from you as he can, depenting on how angry you are. „I‘m sorry that you‘re angry, I hope I didn‘t do something wrong, here‘s your favorite chocolate. Also I told Rogue to steal the Generals cat, he‘ll bring her later. I‘ll leave now, tell me when you feel better or if you need something.“ - Kylo always thought that you‘re afraid of the force so he tried his best to not use it in front of you but you were actually really interested in it so you asked him why he hid it from you. He explained his worries and once you told him about your interest he didn‘t waste a single opportunity to show the force off in front of you. When you asked him to reach you something over he did it always with the force even though you sat right next to him and he came up to you once in a while to show you little tricks. „Look Y/N, I can spin Lieutenant Mitaka in the air.“ „Put him down, immediately !!“ - Kylo barely fed himself because he used starving as a form of punishment if he did something wrong, and he did in his opinion a lot of things wrong so you invited him to eat something with you even if it was just something small like some fruits or a chocolate bar. You knew he‘d never refuse your food even if he wants to because he‘s too afraid to insult you if he won‘t eat. Also, he actually liked your food and he didn‘t want to miss a chance to spend some time with you and to talk about his day while you ate something together. - Once in awhile he asked you if you want to go on missions with him (only missions where he had to intimidate or to negotiate with other people, harmless stuff) and even though he had to work a lot, you both had always a great time. Kylo loved to see how happy you were when you visited new planets with him and he always told you interesting stories and facts about the planets and the creatures who lived on it. - Kylo isn‘t a big fan of compliments so he doesn‘t like to receive them nor to give them but when he looks at you he can‘t help himself and he has to tell you what he thinks so whenever you cross his path through the day he just makes little comments like „You look pretty today“ , „Your hair is so shiny“ , „I like your voice“ and he does it all the time but you have to listen very carefully to him because he whispers all these things so only you‘ll hear them. Chapter 6 : General Hux relationship headcanons pt.2 ♦ Hux always treated you like a queen, which does mean that he spoiled you rotten with the most exquisite food, the finest clothes and really expensive presents in general. He didn't care if you liked or disliked this treatment because he thought that you deserved all these gifts by him and he got almost offended when you tried to tell him that everythings too much. „Don‘t be silly Y/N, you‘re wonderful and you deserve this ! Now come here and try this excellent chocolate with me, I‘ve ordered it from D‘qar just for you.” ♦ When Hux takes one or two days off from work he‘d like to relax because his job is so stressful but if you want to do something special like visiting other planets or to walk around Starkiller Base to get a bit fresh air he does what you ask him for because he takes a break from his work in first place to spend time with you. ♦ Hux is a really busy man and he often works overtime but if you don‘t feel well or if you need to talk with him about something important he‘ll try his best to get away from his workplace to listen to you and your problems. Depending on what your problem is he leaves his work for the rest of the day to take care of you instead. ♦ He knows how much you love your job and your own Tie-fighter and even though he‘s always afraid to lose you he supports you with the best and most modern pilot gear and he takes care that your Tie-fighter gets double checked everytime you you leave for a mission and if you get back from a mission. ♦ Everybody on Stakiller Base knew that you dated Hux but some people saw it kinda as a challenge to flirt with you anyway. Of course you told them to stop because you were happy with Hux but some of them were so stubborn and intrusive that you decided to tell Hux about them. Hux, as really jealous person, made sure that they‘d never get near you again. No one dares to flirt with his girlfriend, his queen, his everything and even though you told him yourself about the people who dared to flirt with you, Hux would always remind you to whom you belong afterwards. ♦ Hux would love to mark you as his with expensive jewelry but he has a really bad taste for that matter and everything he buys for you is way too big and uncomfortable and it's also dangerous to wear rings or necklaces while you drive a Tie-fighter because you could get stuck somewhere. Hux understood why you refused to wear the jewelry he bought but he was still a bit upset about it and he continued to buy you more, hoping you would wear something he buys for you someday. You didn‘t want him to be sad or angry so instead of wearing his jewelry you made him a really well-done and graceful looking ring yourself. You used parts of an X-wing you shot down yourself as base material. Hux was really happy about your gift and he wore the ring at every opportunity. ♦ When you‘re not around Hux then he refers to you as his Queen or Empress but he doesn‘t do it on purpose, it just happens, even when he talks to Snoke. „Captain Y/N‘s squadron eliminated all attacking X-fighters, they‘re all defeated and the Empress and her team are all fine.“ ♦ Hux is really supportive towards you and he has a really high opinion of you and he gets a bit angry when you say something bad about yourself. „What are you even talking about ? You‘re so pretty and talented Y/N, don‘t say something like that about yourself. You mean so much to me and you can believe me if I tell you that you‘re a lovely and admirable person !“ ♦ Hux blows up planets for you on special events like your birthday or the day you became a couple because he doesn‘t know what else he could give you as „present“ since he buys you everything you want anyway but he only blows up unpopulated planets or bigger stars because you scolded him the first time when he blew up a planet where people still lived on it. Chapter 7 : Ben Solo relationship headcanons pt.2 - At first you tried to keep your relationship with Ben a secret but the plan didn‘t work out pretty well. One night you tried to steal the Millenium Falcon because Ben convinced you to go on a short trip to a new planet with him but instead of leaving immediately you started to make out. Han sensed that something was wrong so he decided to check if his beloved ship is alright but then he caught you with Ben. He wasn‘t even mad because hooked up with Ben , he was mad because you both soiled his ship. Han threw you out to have a man-to-man talk with his son. Howsoever , the next day everyone in the resistance knew that you were dating. It was kinda Hans revenge for soiling his ship. - Ben would visit you on your workstation multiple times a day because he can‘t wait until you‘re done with your shift and he wants to see what your doing , also he was seeking for your attention. You always told him to do other stuff until youre done but he was so stubborn and visited you anyway. Sometimes when he visited you you simply threw him out because he distracted you too much and Ben would be so offended that he‘d go to his mom to ask her if she could fire you but Leia told him every time that she won‘t fire you and that he should do something useful with his time instead of complaining because you‘re busy. - When people are around Ben he acts like a really though and self-confident guy but you know bette , actually he‘s insecure, a bit sensitive and the biggest dork you‘ve ever met, also he can‘t take criticism and he‘ll probably be one hundred years offended if someone says something bad about him. - He is just like his uncle and grandpa really strong with the force but he doesn‘t really care for this power so it‘s rare that he‘ll train to become more powerful but if he trained he ensured that you would watch him, first of all to impress you and secondly because you told him once that you‘re really interested in this force stuff. He owns two lightsabers but he doesn‘t like to fight with them because he trained with them for a certain time and almost burned himself during it, also he was afraid that he‘d cut off one of his limbs accidentally. - Before you started to date ben he was known as the biggste manwhore alive (even though it wasn‘t true) so sometimes people would come up to you and ask you stuff like „Do you know how many girls and boys your bf fucked before you ? Doesn‘t it bother you ? I don‘t think such a person can really love someone.“ but you talked with Ben about this whole manwhore thing and he explained to you that a girl he rejected tried to destroy his reputation and that‘s why his name is sticked with this prejudice ,also he didn‘t gave you a reason to question his love so far so normally you ignored these people unless they had the nerve to ask you this stuff in front of Ben. You knew that this topic still bothered him even though you told him it‘s okay but he‘s insecure about himself and always afraid you‘d leave him so you‘d give said person literally a two hour power point presentation why you love Ben and why you don‘t care who got fucked by him if this would be even true. - Ben didn‘t knew how to express his feelings and needs towards you properly so he showed you instead. He‘d come up to you and start to flirt shameless while he touches your arm or your shoulder , he‘d just start to touch you , hoping you would give him the attention and affection he desires in this moment. Of course you knew what he wanted and why he started to act so awkward but sometimes you just liked to see him try and suffer so you ignored his attempts until he got so frustrated that he tried to explain what he wanted. After he explained it to you properly, you took care of him and his needs and give him as much of your attention as he wanted. - Your relationship wasn‘t perfect so of course you argued with him sometimes. It would be an endless loop of shouting and scolding each other for whatever reason but your arguments turned never out violently. Afterwards you would ignore and avoid each other for a few hours or days, depending on how bad the argument was but if both of you stayed mad at each other for too long Leia and Han would step in. They‘d scold both of you for being so childish and stubborn. You and Ben would forget your dispute in seconds and team up to tell his parents that they‘re not better because they‘re arguing all the time too and that‘s why they have no right to tell you and Ben that you‘re childish. Chapter 8 : (NSFW !!) Lieutenant Mitaka relationship headcanons - Mitaka wants you to know how wonderful you are so he makes you non stop compliments and tells you at least once a day how much he loves you. (But mostly it‘s more than once.) - He likes to watch the stars with you after a rough day at work and he‘s always really eager to share his infos about other planets and star constellations with you. - Mitaka would literally fight Commander Ren for you if he‘d dare it to touch you but he‘s really protective in general, he wants your best and he wants you to be safe. - He grows his own flowers and herbs inside his quarters and he gives the prettiest flowers to you because he likes to see you smile when he hands his flowers over to you. ____________ NSFW below ! ____________ ♦ Mitaka can be both, submissive or dominant but he only doms you if you ask him to and he asks you twice if you‘re sure because Mitaka is ruthless for that matter. He has to give strict orders in his job so he knows exactly what kind of orders he has to give you and in which tone he has to say them. If you misbehave he‘ll punish you with spanks or he‘ll turn you around and push your face into the mattress with your hips high and let me tell you, this boy will edge you until you regret your decision to ask him if he wants to dom you today. ♦ Honestly, Mitaka prefers to be your sub because he gives enough orders through the day and it‘s kinda relaxing for him if you tell him what to do and he loves it when you take full control over him and his body. ♦ If you suck off Mitaka he doesn‘t know where to look at or where to put his hands and he gets a bit nervous then so he just closes his eyes and pulls you by your hair while he whines in pleasure. ♦ Mitaka has a prise kink, it‘s really pleasuring for him to hear some sweet words out of your mouth but it's also a bit touching and he thanks you for every nice thing you say while he tries not to lose control over himself. ♦ Mitaka isn‘t really loud in bed but if he had a hard day on the bridge he‘s louder than usual because that‘s his way to get rid of his stress and frustration. ♦ It‘s a big turn-on for Mitaka when you call him by his forename ‘Dopheld’ or if you refer to him as ‘Sir’ or ‘Lieutenant’ and he likes it to keep his uniform on as sign of dominance. Also it‘s really arousing for him if you wear lace lingerie, he loves it to tear it off of your body even though he feels a bit bad about it because you paid good money for it he enjoys it and he always offers you to pay for everything he destroyed, he even asks you if he can help you to choose new one. ♦ Mitaka has a thing for thighs, he likes their softness and he loves to squeeze them but the thing he loves the most about them is their warmth when he puts his head between them to eat you out. ♦ It‘s an easy game for Mitaka to make you cum when he eats you out because he‘s so skilled with his tongue and it‘s his favorite thing to do in bed because he loves your moans and whines and it gives him a feeling of success to pleasure you so good. ♦ When Mitaka fucks you missionary he always buries his face into your neck to leave bite marks and he‘ll make sure that you know what you do to him so he doesn‘t hold back and moans shameless in your ear. ♦ Don‘t be fooled by him, even if he can be ruthless when it comes to punishments he can‘t stand dirty talk and he‘ll probably cry if you call him bad names during sex. ♦ Sex with Mitaka isn‘t total serious since both of you laugh a lot during it and Mitaka ensures that none of you feels uncomfortable or forced to have it. ♦ Mitaka is a total sweetheart so he asks you after sex if he did good to make sure that you‘re happy with him (also to hear more nice words from you) and he insists to give you a massage afterwards or to cuddle with you and he‘ll shower you in kisses and compliments. Chapter 9 : (Also NSFW !) Petty Officer Thanisson relationship headcanons Relationship headcanons : ♦ Thanisson has a total sweet tooth so it‘s not unusual for him that he keeps some candy and chocolate in his pockets. He wouldn‘t share his stuff with other people but he makes an exception for you because he wants you to enjoy the sweet stuff just as much as he does, also he hopes that you buy him his favorite sweets if you know the brands he eats. ♦ Thanisson is physically inferior to his co-workers, he couldn‘t protect you from physical harm if someone starts a fight with you but he could and would revenge you. He‘s known to be dangerous even though he looks like an angry chihuahua but the people who work with him know better and no one even thinks about to touch or annoy you because no one wants to get in trouble with Thanisson. If someone would dare it to lay a hand on you or to bully you this person would get involved into an accident. ♦ He keps rats as pets and he carries them around in his shirt and pants because his uniform pockets are too small for them and General Hux refuses to give him another uniform so it‘s not rare that something will look at you out of his pants when you talk to him. Also chances are high that something will pinch you when you put your hands in his pants. ♦ Thanisson sees you as his equal and he treats you as such, if he wants something during work from his co-workers he bosses them around but he won‘t do the same with you, if he wants something from you or if he wants you to do something he asks nicely. Also it‘s totally fine for him if you call him simply ‘Thanisson’ in public because everyone knows about your relationship anyway and it‘s awkward for him if you adres him has ‘Sir’ or ‘Officer Thanisson’. ♦ He will get you super cute and expensive presents but he acts like it‘s nothing. „This necklace ? Just something small because you‘re always so nice y‘know, thought you might like it.“ ♦ Can and will use his First Order friends to get you out of trouble if you do something stupid. ♦ Lieutenant Mitaka, General Hux and Captain Phasma ship you guys, they use to call you ‘salt prince and sugar princess’. __________________ NSFW headcanons: __________________ ♦ He doesn‘t like to show you affection in public because his face flushes red then and he doesn‘t want his co-workers to see. The only thing that‘s okay for him is to hold hands or short hugs but he‘ll show you all the affection later in privacy. ♦ Thanisson is very slim and weak compared to his other co-workers and this bothers him a lot because he‘s afraid that you prefer some of them over him someday so he insists to dom you all the time to show you that he can be just as strong and dominant as every other male person on board. He‘s not willing to let you dom him but if you take the offense then he submits to you really fast because he likes it just as much as dominating you but he‘ll never admit that. ♦ Thanisson is very quiet during sex, he enjoys your company and the intimacy in silence but he moans a lot and he mumbles how good everything feels under his breath. ♦ He hasn‘t any kinks (not that he‘d know) but it‘s a big turn on for him if you run your nails down his spine, also it‘s arousing for him if you nibble on his neck, he literally melts if you do one of these things to him. His biggest turn off is being teased, he can‘t stand this stuff and he gets super angry and whiny when you do this to him. ♦ He‘s not very experienced because he hadn‘t many other lovers before he met you but he‘s not bad, he‘s actually pretty good but he needs your praise and recognition to know that he does well because he‘s very unsure if he‘s able to please you properly. ♦ Depending on his mood the sex with him switches from sweet and tender love making to rough, senseless fucking but he takes care not to hurt you. ♦ As much as Thanisson loves to cuddle after sex he also likes to fight you in a playful way as well, it‘s great fun for him and it‘s one of the rare moments where he laughs a lot and is truly happy. Chapter 10 : Lieutenant Rodinon relationship headcanons - Before you and Rodinon became a couple you thought he wants to murder you because he stared really obvious at you all the time without ever talking to you in private and it bothered you a lot. - Rodinon is all in all a really calm guy, he talks a bit slower and more quiet than other people and it’s hard to anger him but if someone dares it to touch you or to make you feel bad about yourself Rodinon will deliver said person personally to hell. - It’s very uncommon that Rodinon has to leave Starkiller for a mission or for negotiations but if he needs to then he takes you with him, no matter if you’re needed on Starkiller or not, he makes sure that someone will take over your work as long as your gone with him. - Rodinon is romantic by mistake, like when he takes a walk on the snowy surface of Starkiller and finds something cool like a rare pretty flower he’ll bring it to you, not because he wants to impress you but because “Hey this is cool, I bet Y/N thinks this is cool too, I’ll show her !”. Or when he cooks for you he puts candles on the table, not so it’s romantic but because it looks pretty and he bets you think it’s pretty too. - You can tell everytime Rodinon is jealous because he gets super clingy and he starts to tell you the most cheesy jokes you’ve ever heard. He also can’t concentrate on his work and makes endless mistakes, the only way to make him feel better is to simply tell him that you’re not interested in other people and that he’s the most lovely and charming person you’ve ever met. - Dates with Rodinon are … different. He has as ‘Colonel Lieutenant’ access to many luxuries that normal First Order employees don’t have, such as a gaming console. So if both of you have a day off he invites you to come over to his quarters to play this super awesome game he borrowed from his friend Mitaka. _____ - Lieutenant Rodinon is really strong and he gets respected by all high ranked First Order members so no one would ever dare it to hurt you in any kind of way, not even Commander Ren or Captain Phasma and especially not General Hux. - He isn‘t very talkative and he‘s also not the best in showing his feelings but he knows how to let you know that he loves and cares for you, like he brings you food to your workstation and checks if you eat properly or he sends you funny and cute pictures on your holocom. (memes lmao) - Rodinon is really beefy and taller than you are and he likes the high difference between you really much so he always stands very close to you, first of all so all the other people see the high difference too and secondly because he likes it to have you near him. - He is a very good listener and he likes to hear what you tell him, he loves your voice and he loves how your eyes sparkle when you talk about something you like. - Rodinon doesn‘t like it to be addressed by his forename, not even by you but he allows you to call him awfully embarrassing nicknames. - He‘s feared by his co-workers because he‘s so tall and beefy but honestly he‘s the biggest dork imaginable, he laughs about cheesy jokes you tell him and cries when you watch sad movies together. - Rodinon is always in a mighty need of hugs, all he wants to do is to hold you close to him so he always finds good excuses to hug you. „You looked cold so I thought I‘ll wrap myself around you.“ „I thought there was a spider on your body and I tried to crush it with my body, sorry.“ „Oh no, someone pushed me against you, who dared it ? Oooh, oh noo.“ _______ NSFW _______ - Rodinon is afraid to hurt you but if you give him really specific the go to do with you whatever he wants then he takes you like it’s his last chance to. - Rodinon is not a screamer but he grunts and moans a lot. - He has a thing for fucking you while you sit in his lap. He loves to look in you eyes while he fucks you relentless and he loves to bite and suck on your nipples while you’re facing him. - It’s hard to anger Rodinon but if you tease him with his forename during sex he’ll become more rough and probably give you a few spanks for being so naughty. - Rodinon has probably a pet/master kink so be prepared to address him with ‘master’ , ‘sir’ , ‘colonel’ and to wear a collar, kitty ears and a tail butt plug. - He loves to leave hickeys all over your body, he enjoys them himself but he also loves the glances you receive from you co-workers, Rodinon will make sure to leave a few hickeys where you can’t hide them. - Aftercare is really important for Rodinon, if you ensure him that everythings fine and that he did good he’ll get up to get you some snacks and to cuddle the rest of the evening/night with you.