The bath water was perfumed, as always to a scent of Hux’s choosing. There were no more choices afforded to you, you would be presented as Hux wanted you, not in clothing of your own choosing. You stepped into the warm water, surrounded by waiting hands, all ready to ensure you were scrubbed and scented to perfection. Handmaidens sent to do their masters bidding, they never spoke to you, and you soon gathered they must have been forbidden from doing so. Yes, they could talk, but it was always in a language you couldn’t understand, and only to one another, never to you. One pointed to a glass vial, a request you gathered to for another to pass her it. It was handed over, the scent a heady perfume, one that reeked to you of sexual prowess, something that until now you had never thought of possessing. Not that you had ever had any intentions of possessing it either, the only thing you wanted was to be left alone, not to have caught the eye of either of your captors. The handmaiden finished made surveyed her work, and you waited, hopelessly lost at yourself. Studying your reflection, in the ornate mirror, of your bedchamber. Even you, would have to admit, you looked beautiful. Your hair and makeup were as always when they requested you, done to perfection by voiceless handmaidens. A polished finish, one that no doubt whichever of your captors summoning you, would soon see fit to undo. You were ordered from your bedchamber, your heart beating in panic, despite the brave face you donned to the waiting handmaiden. Gossamer skirts flowed gracefully around you as you walked, your dress a long and flowing expanse of fabric and jewels favoured by the Naboo inhabitants. Much too beautiful and costly, to become the jumble of cum soaked rags that so much of your clothing became. It was held in place both by silver cuffs at your arms, and pinned to the elaborate collar Hux always made you wear. You touched your fingers to it, at first it had felt so heavy at your throat, now it offered you some protection. Guards came to escort you, clipping a chain to a loop at the collar. It was unsettling to have such little power over yourself, but you knew you were safe from them. You knew they wouldn’t dare to even think about touching, what so clearly belonged to their Emperor. Outside the safety of your bedchamber, you were escorted along huge frigid corridors, by more nameless guards. You were not led to a bedchamber as usual, but instead brought for the very first time, back to the very room where Ren had ripped your virginity from you. Taking a deep steadying breath, you dropped to your knees on the cold floor before the throne, the guard holding your chain. Both of you awaiting instruction. It seemed like an eternity before Hux entered, the gold laurel crown in place, Kylo Ren like a loyal dog, a mere pace behind him. That’s exactly what you all where you realised; eyes down cast to the floor, Emperor, Hound, Whore. It was cold, but you knew now better than to display any discomfort before Hux. Shivering controlled, and kept to a minimum, unless someone came close enough, to see the goosepimples on your amply displayed flesh, they wouldn’t realise you were so cold. They swept closer, neither men formally acknowledging you, just the ghost of an unseen hand from Ren, against your bare sex. A reminder to you, that as always, were allowed no underwear. “Come pet.” You struggled to obey your Emperor. Your legs were stiff with cold and disuse, but you tried not to show it as you began the climb to the dais. The guard shackled you to a ring fixed to the decorative throne and Hux flicked a delicate wrist to a spot directly at his feet. You knelt in abeyance there, unable now to control your shaking as he touched your chin. This you had learnt in your brief servitude this at least was permissible. Hux enjoyed seeing you tremble both at his touch, and that of his consort, Ren. But still deemed it unseemly, and far too uncontrolled, to do so from the cold or fear of anyone else. Gloved fingers tilted your face to him, the expression of fear openly displayed there for him, as you wondered what game would today bring. A leather clad thumb stroked against your lower lip. Careful not to smear any of the gloss on your lips, as it pushed slowly past them. It pressed gently over your tongue, and instinctively you sucked on it. You knew, from past experiences that he liked watching you suck on things. A foot, a finger, a cock anything he chose to put in your mouth. You hoped it was, but dared not look up at him, to check that it had been what he wanted you to do. You had not have been given permission, to look at his face yet. You swirled your tongue around it, as he tilted your face from side, to side slowly assessing your countenance. The order came for you to look at him, and you flicked your eyes up heart thundering wildly in your chest. His face was always so stoic, unless he was fucking you, that it was always so difficult to see what else pleased him. His displeasure however was far easier to discern, and it was always worth assuming you had it. You still weren’t quite sure why the men had chosen to keep you. Had you not of volunteered to go next that day you doubted, that you would have ended up in the throne room that fateful day. But instead have been sent to an execution chamber, by now with your cell mates. You had requested it, but both men seemed reluctant to send you to one now, only ever doling out punishments for your misbehaviour. “Do you know what this is pet?” You, shook your head looking to the smooth round object he held in his other hand. You didn’t really, it looked, organic, egg-like. Hux displayed deftly to you, between thumb and forefinger. It was flecked a natural stone colour, but the dark gloves he wore made it look almost bone white. You didn’t wholly. But it was a safe guess it looked the right shape and colour, you weren’t sure what type though. “An egg?” He looked almost too pleased by your guess, keeping you on edge, it wasn’t ever safe to relax around Hux or Ren. Your eyes flicked up to Hux’s brow, giving you a view of Ren in your peripheral vision. The smirk he plastered across his face was if possible more unsettling than normal, making you tense up again. Almost, but thankfully not quite, forgetting to keep your concentration on the seated Emperor Hux. “Good girl. Yes, it is an egg, now open up.” The thumb at your tongue pressed down, and you dutifully opened your mouth, lips parted waiting. He removed his thumb, before resting the egg on your tongue, lifting two fingers to your chin. An unmistakable order to close your mouth. You did so gingerly, careful not to swallow, or knock it. Aware that whatever the egg was in your mouth, it probably wasn’t good. Though not very large, the size of a small pebble on your tongue, it felt heavy with dread in your mouth, and you dared not move your tongue too much. Fearful that you would crack or swallow it, and it taste unpleasant. “It is irrelevant to you what sort, but I wouldn’t want to crack it if I were you. I have heard the yoke, is quite acidic.” Your eyes widened, now you had more to fear than its unpleasant taste, Hux’s words were a warning to you. It was simple; if you cracked that egg, it would burn your mouth. Whilst you doubted he would do anything too risky to you; hopefully not wanting put your mouth indefinitely out of action. You knew he wouldn’t hesitate to hurt or humiliate you, as part of one of his sick games. You were instructed to make yourself more comfortable, and grateful you shifted onto your bottom giving your knees some much needed relief. It was cold in the chamber, and you found yourself unconsciously shifting closer to the throne, and the warmth of Hux’s legs. Your nipples were stiff with the cold, made more prominent by the rouge the handmaiden had rubbed onto them, and Ren stared openly at them. Another reason for the dress you thought, making you shift uncomfortably to try and hide them. You were not allowed to though, Ren bent to pinch to them, a sharp warning not to hide yourself. It had you reluctantly dropping your arms, adjusting your position to openly display them to the room. The egg in your mouth made it difficult to manipulate your tongue, and already saliva was pooling in your mouth, threatening to slip over your lips. You did your best to swallow around it, delicately; taking your time to avoiding cracking the eggshell. The hand above you petted the top of your head, as though you would an animal, and he gave instructions to the patiently waiting guards, to commence with their tasks. His fingers absent mindedly stroked where ever he could reach, along your shoulders and back. You suffered his touch, but only to push against the long wool cloak he wore, for these ceremonial purposes. The guards opened a side door, bringing forth a shackled figure, a woman you surmised quickly. She was dressed in what you gathered, would have once been an orange jumpsuit. A found Resistance pilot you quickly realised, and you stiffened in terror for her, as she was shoved closer. Her movements were slow, limping, she was obviously in a great deal of pain. Probably from torture you realised, and despite the purple and green bruises darkening her face, and dishevelled appearance you recognised her. Not by name, but her face was very familiar. You had both been stationed on the same Resistance base. She glowered up at you and her captors, refusing to speak head held high. You were full of embarrassment and unable to protest your innocence, you dropped your head in shame. Aware that her perceived position of you in this ghastly court, clearly wasn’t good. A sharp, wet crack rang out, echoing off the vast empty walls. You realised quickly as the guard next to her, knocked her to the floor with the butt of his blaster rifle that she had attempted to spit at Hux. The pilot although too far away to hit him, had obviously displeased him. Such behaviour you had already learnt, was considered utterly distasteful by Hux. Unless of course sexual, then many things he considered distasteful, were enjoyable to him. The pilot had obviously been brought in for her sentencing, and you quickly surmised as she kept her clothing; that not all prisoners brought before Hux, had undergone the same treatment as yourself. The sabre behind you had ignited when the woman spat, and you realised that Ren was, to your horror, waiting for instructions to kill her. Frozen you gulped, fear like and iron weight in your stomach, only remembering at the last possible moment the egg. It made a noise of complaint at the sudden rough pressure, but thankfully hadn’t cracked. The fingers at your neck shifted, to grip a bare arm, hauling you sharply up, and into his lap. At a simple wave from Hux, Ren strode from behind the throne. Stalking slowly down the marble steps, towards her. His sabre extended to the side, ready to strike. You told yourself to look away, but couldn’t tear your eyes away as he stood behind her. A smell of burning flesh as the red blade pressed, dangerously close to her neck. You were pulled flush to Hux’s chest, face angled so that he could brush his fingertips to your lips, both a warning not to speak, and reminder of what your mouth contained. You kept your gaze towards the downed pilot, taking in the black hulk behind her, your eyes skimming between the two. Silently pleadingly at him to remove the sabre at her neck, as Hux kissed sensually along your exposed shoulder. “She wants you to spare her.” Ren’s impassive voice echoed flatly, through the room, and you raised your eyes back to him, furious with him for reading your private thoughts. He looked amused at your predicament, giving you an evil smirk, whilst he shoved the pilots head to one side. “I wasn’t in your head Pet. Your face is easy enough to read.” You did your best to scowl, the pilot straightening her back, refusing to give them the satisfaction of seeing her beg. You wanted to do it for her, but the weight at your tongue, was making it impossible to voice your distaste at the situation. Underneath your ass you felt the unmistakeable stirring of Hux’s cock, and realised he was enjoying the power he held over both of you. He sharply pulled your back, flush with his chest, pulling open your legs, draping them either side of his. You held your breath, thinking yourself ready for what he had planned. Your heart strumming wildly at the pulse point at your neck, cheeks reddening in humiliation as you realised this new torment. He pulled the long skirts to your thighs, the thin material pooling easily over your lap. A finger ran up your leg, trailing it leisurely up the inside of your thigh, his breath and lips, warm against your neck, sucking it into his mouth, as the fingertip dipped under your skirt. “Would you Pet?” His voice was deeply seductive, yet disinterested when he spoke against your ear, making your heart raise a little in a stupid hope, that you could save her. He sucked now at the exposed flesh behind your ear, no doubt leaving a dark mark. Holding your chin forwards, towards the open chamber, forcing you to look back at Ren. He stood ready to strike. His muscular arm held the strenuous position with apparent ease, awaiting his Emperors command to execute. The fingers under your skirts, had now reached your bare sex and he brushed them tantalisingly slowly over your folds. Slipping them past your outer lips to toy with your clit, making you squirm breathlessly in his lap. Before suddenly and firmly, pushing two of his fingers easily inside of you, making your lips part with a deep sigh of horror. Hux gave a small, quiet groan in your ear, at finding you already wet, gathering up your slickness on his index and forefinger. Before removing them, to show you first before, displaying his wet fingers to the room. Rubbing them together, before scissoring the clear strands between both fingers, sucking them into his mouth. You felt sickened enough already; without considering how badly this must look to the poor pilot, like you too were complicit in their enjoyment at her fear. Hux gave an indecent hum to the room, at the taste of you. Pulling the flingers from his mouth with a lewd wet pop, before trailing them back towards your sex. “I’ll make a deal with you Pet; you cum on these fingers and I’ll save the man, or woman on trial at the time.” Your heart dropped in your ribs, at his nauseating game. You longed to hit him, but had learnt quickly not to try, Ren would just freeze you before you tried. Hux fingers running slow lazy circles over your clit, not designed to get you off, but to bring a slow torment to you. Realising for the first time your true position in all of this, the woman on the floor looked for the first time up at you with a look of agonizing pity. Worse to you than her previous hate of you. The tears you shot her in sympathy, threatened to ruin the inky lines around your eyes, but you didn’t care daring to close your eyes to the room. A sharp pinch of fingers at your clit, had you jolting in shock, eyes flickering open. This time you didn’t dare look at the pilot, lest it upset you more. Fixing your gaze on Ren, his arm finally beginning to show signs of strain at the position it held, a message to hurry if you wanted to save her. Frightened for the woman, you refused to acknowledge her pleading eyes, instead focusing on the fingers between your thighs. To your sickening abhorrence, almost pleading yourself to hurry up, and debase yourself, and climax for Hux. You gave a mewl of frustration when he decided to stop teasing your clit, as you were close, your breathing coming in gasping shudders. You had dared to lower your eyes from the pilot, in disgrace at the shaking of your legs, horrified at the last minute by the thought of cumming in front of her. Hux spoke again, possibly from seeing Ren’s arm begin to finally shake, possibly because you had looked away. Seemingly indifferent, both stopping your approaching orgasm, and the death blow he now gave Ren permission to undertake. “This one you can kill Ren.” Your eyes flew to Hux, who generously scooped the fingers of his spare hand into your mouth. Deftly removing the egg, and in the same intake of breath swivelled your head towards him. Pressing his lips against yours, to silence your scream of protest, whilst his fingers moved again. Fast tight circles against your sex, intended to make your climax, quick and inescapable. Your back tensed, arching against his chest, as you to your shame, and their obvious enjoyment, Hux made you cum. It was a fraction of a click too late to save the pilot. You watched through blurry eyes, as a flash of red as the sabre curved an arc through the air. Guards dragged the lifeless body from the room and satisfied that it was over, Hux returned his full attention to you. Swiping a stray strand of hair stuck to your gloss, replacing the egg in your mouth. Had it been her spitting that caused her death, or your decision to give into temptation and look away? “Next time you cum Pet, you must be careful. I will not be as lenient, as to remove it.” You nodded closing your mouth around the egg. Hux’s thumb wiped at the corners, tutting in mock sympathy as he dabbed at your tears, with his fingers. “Hush now, you’ll ruin your makeup, besides there are others to try and save.” Again, another Resistance member was brought in, this time you tried to pay little attention to them, other than noticing a petty officers uniform. Desperately concentrating on the fingers still moving under your skirt. You were overly sensitive from your first orgasm, and the swirling fingers at your already sensitive tiny bundle of nerves, was near on painful. Replacing the tears of sympathy at the pilot, with those of over stimulation. You longed to grit your teeth against his fast rubbing fingers, Ren offering his unseen support from across the room to Hux. Helping hold you in place as you did your best to avoid cracking, the waiting time bomb on your tongue. Drool now slipped from the corners of your mouth, but you ignored it. Your fingers gripping tightly into the fabric of your dress, to steady your trembling body. You knew better than to look away now. Eyes kept forwards, but deliberately unfocused on the human shape in front of you, or the travesty of a trial they gave them. Again; you were so close, though this time it was a deliberate change in the pressure at your clit that stopped you, just before Ren swung the sabre, though this time you didn’t look away, or scream in protest when the body flopped to the floor. Hux was doing it deliberately you realised this time, both cross and disappointed in yourself for foolishly thinking he would play fair. Another came, and this time to add to your degradation your skirts were lifted higher. The air cold against your heated wet sex. The only thing protecting your sex from the prisoner’s eyes, was the hand of the man, on who’s lap you writhed, gasping in forced pleasure. “You would think you don’t want to save them.” He mock teased you, already he had you tensing, your body quickly building back up to its peak. Mortified at the sound of your wet fingers as he stopped to slap them against your aching, dripping sex. He reached around you, to run a finger around the swelling of your nipple, teasing its pebbled peak as he nuzzled at your neck, as again the body was exchanged for a live prisoner. The next prisoner you were determinedly ready for. Having made up your mind at the two failed attempts to willing and openly debase yourself. Whatever they thought of your actions, a life was worth so much more. You leant further back against Hux’s chest, forcing yourself to relax, opening your legs wider to his fingers. You dared to wrap your fingers around his wrist, when he went to remove it, grinding yourself against his fingers to finish what he had started. He laughed at your struggle to keep him there. Congratulating you, both at your orgasm and keeping the eggshell parcel in your mouth intact, but not at saving the prisoner. Time stood still, as for a horrifying moment, you thought it had all been for nothing, that he wouldn’t keep his promise. You drew a sharp breath of relief through your nostrils, as Ren deactivated his sabre. the prisoner you had thankfully saved; a medic Hux informed you, was led away. The life imprisonment of her sentence, surely better than the death sentence Ren had been waiting to deliver, for his Emperor. The guards admitted another prisoner, and you realised as Hux replaced his fingers again to your, sopping wet, now almost painfully sensitive twat, that he intended to repeat his offer. You shook your head furiously, unable to do anything but shuffle back against his chest. Your struggles so violent now that Ren had to openly lend Hux support to keep you in place. Returning to openly pin you to Hux insuring there was no relief or protection from his deft fingers, or Ren’s questing mouth at your nipples. The Resistance members the guards escorted and shot at their Emperors command, were all a blur now as they were paraded before you. You came another two times, congratulated again by Hux on two more lives saved before you desperately clawed at his hand. Now there was just pain from the relentless manipulation of your sex. Your eyes implored first at Hux, who ignored your rubbing again. Then screaming pleas in your mind at Ren, begging him to listen as you doubled over, not caring as you finally yanked his hand away, at the consequences. “You don’t want to save anymore?” You shook your head, tears of exhaustion sliding from the corners of your eyes. Your body flushed, and muscles waisted from the sheer exertion your last orgasm, had on you. It wasn’t that you didn’t want to save them, you wanted to save them all, but this game had clearly been set up to ensure you would fail. It would have been sheer torment to allow him to touch you there again, already his pants must have been soaked through, from your juices. Your only relief was that, it had warmed you all be it briefly, against the chill in the chamber. Sweat had plastered the thin fabric of your gown to you, making it transparent in places. The swell of your heaving breasts, the pink of your nipples, clearly outlined against his trailing fingers. The egg although cracked had thankfully not leaked. He removed it. letting you study it, before Ren carefully lowered your panting body to the cold floor. He supported you as Hux held his hand out to you to clean it, Ren pocketing the egg, no doubt keeping it for another day. You shivered against the cold of the floor, grateful for Ren’s warmth as you dutifully cleaned your mess from Hux’s leather glove. Running your tongue between the supple leather, along the seams to gather as ordered, the last of your musky, bitterness. To your surprise then later your dismay, no more prisoners were shown in, Hux instead ordering them dispatched in their cells. “Well done, you saved three.” You had hoped to save more, and as Ren helped you to lower yourself tiredly to your front, you tried not to dwell on the many killed, but the few you had saved. They must have recently discovered a surviving cell, for there to be so many. It had been so long since you’d been here, that surely all those captured alongside you, must have been dead by now. A booted foot prodding almost gently to your side, made you realise that somehow you had fallen asleep without permission at Hux’s feet. You blinked back the sleep from bleary eyes, peering up at your Emperor, as you raised yourself up on one elbow. The space before you, was again occupied; this time by what you assumed, judging by their outfits, to be visiting dignitaries. A man at the front, made an unnecessarily crude remark about your outfit, pointing to your collar and chain. Concerned you shuffled back towards Hux, hoping he wouldn’t grant the man the vulgar offer he had just made for your services. If either of your captors had noticed your discomfort they didn’t show it, unconcerned at the man’s prying eyes. You were after all on show here, and perhaps if the price was right available too. You longed for the anonymity of your own bedchamber, but knew it wasn’t to be afforded you. A Force-brush along your spine had you sitting up straighter, your legs still sticky with your drying cum, though thankfully easily hidden, as you adjusted your long skirts. The smell of your previous arousal, permeated the air around you, making you pale as one of them approached the throne, offering a box to Hux. You were terrified he would smell you, and know what you had been doing. He dropped a package next to Hux, and you soon gathered that they were here to broker trade agreements, with the First Order. The costly gifts they placed before Hux, an icebreaker to their requests. It was boring, and you knew Hux would not give in to any demands that didn’t suit him, either way it no longer mattered to you. Your entire existence seemed to revolve around the two cocks you serviced regularly. Only their pleasure mattered anymore, and if they decided to offer you to the man who had requested you, you would have no say in the matter. A sharp sudden cough from Ren brought your thoughts back to the present. He had moved to stand to the right-hand side of Hux, directly behind you. You frowned stiffening yourself for more bloodshed. Though this time you held no sympathy for the preening politicians and dignitaries. These fattened cows deserved Ren’s wrath, for being so complicit in the First Orders business. Ren dropped to a crouch behind you, leaning to hiss into your ear. “Don’t worry Pet, we won’t share you with him.” His lips were only a hare’s breath from your ears, and you knew only you had heard those words. Either he knew Hux’s mind, and already the Emperor had made up his mind to decline the generous offer he made for you. Or to further entice him, he wanted you to behave as though the man couldn’t have you. You were shocked at the price offered, but more so when Hux placed a possessive hand to your head, and Ren stood to rest one of his enormous legs against your back. You thought over it as more gifts and offers were presented to Hux. It made sense that you were worth so much now, you clearly serviced an Emperor and his consort. The last man presented his gift, but Hux refused to give answers, sending them away with promises to reply later. The man who’d made the offer for sex with you, looking back in clear appraisal of you before leaving. Hux needed to think them over you realised, and probably confer with Ren. Whilst you suspected, that he wouldn’t agree to anything based on Ren’s opinions alone, it would be foolish to avoid listening to the Force-user’s wool-gatherings. The doors had just closed when Hux displayed his real reasons for dismissing the men so quickly. He barely managed to unfasten his trousers, and lift your skirts, pulling you up, and in one smooth movement onto his cock. Not caring to check that you were still wet, before burying himself inside you. He bucked furiously into you, digging into your thighs. You were thankfully still wet enough to take him, with only a mild burn of friction as he pumped himself into you, soon growing wet around him. “Stupid oaf, thinks he can have what’s mine does he.” You gasped, both at the possessiveness and the rough thrusting. Normally although passionate, Hux was far more in control than this. His words were forced, angry growls through clenched teeth. “And you didn’t help, mooning at him with those bloody eyes.” You blinked, this time completely taken aback by him. Not able to work out which hurt you the most; his assumption, that you had been in anyway encouraging the other man. Or that you would have, had any choice in the matter, had Hux and agreed to his offer for you. He used you, not just for his own fulfilment, but to prove mastery over your body, the thrusts slow, and deep, his teeth leaving more than one mark against your skin. He kept one hand at the back of your collar, the chain wrapped around the other. You had forgotten Ren was even there until he dropped to his knees, his hand placed to your collarbone. Both to steady himself as he stroked his cock, and to push you back, his mouth at Hux’s ball sack. Hux came, first shouting muffled curses into the room. He lifted you off him just enough to pull himself out, dragging Ren by the hair to bury his lips into your cunt. You didn’t think you could have cum again so swiftly after earlier, but as Hux’s fingers kept his tongue there, you did. Hux ripping the top of your dress from your collar, to pluck at your nipples, as Ren’s long tongue flicked inside you milking the last of your orgasm from you. He groaned into you, at the combined tastes you, swilling the fluids over his tongue, gathering every last drop, he could reach of both you and Hux. A nod at Hux had him standing up, Hux’s fingers digging into your cheeks forcing you mouth open. Ren was close, his cock angry and red in his palm, as he hovered above you, fisting his length. Lips pursed, and a milky white spit descended into your waiting mouth, followed swiftly by his cock pulsing on your tongue. Hux held your mouth open a fraction longer, letting you taste the bitterness of Ren’s cum, mixed now with the tartness of yours and Hux’s fluids, before releasing you. Giving the breathless command to swallow. Chapter 2 Summary: I am a health and productive member of society, honest! Notes: I am a health and productive member of society, honest! Two requests for your presence in one day was unusual, but then you had guessed by Hux’s earlier treatment of you; that he was eager to again flaunt ownership of you to his guests. You had been returned as normal by the guards to your bed chamber to recuperate. A simple sentence; of three hours were all the instructions they provided you with. You had been thankfully allowed a portion of it for sleep, though sadly only a quick catnap, before the handmaidens bathing rituals began again. They seemed indifferent to you, never nasty, though never kind either. Each one here to do their job and nothing more. A service droid came; bleeping instructions as it handed over a series of small glass vials. After some careful studying the lead handmaiden selected two of them. Once she added to your bathwater, the other to a intoxicatingly fragranced carrier oil. Bath over you were instructed to lay on a nearby surface, first facing down, then up; as another massaged it over your naked body. It tingled small bursts of warmth in places, but not unbearably so. Though it shocked you greatly, when she anointed two fingers with the mixture, swiftly plunging them without warning between your folds, and into the channel of your cunt. There was no time for embarrassment, or shock to register; before she pulled them out. She washed her hands, and carried on assisting your dressing. It amazed you how matter-of-factly she carried on, to say she had just had her fingers placed inside you. It tingled a little longer against the more sensitive flesh there, though again you breathed through it, the sensations soon dying down to mere background irritation. This time after styling your hair, the dress they placed you into was very short. Almost indecently so, though no less beautiful or extravagant than any of your other clothing. Expensive jewellery was added, a mix of gold and silver bangles at your ankles and wrists, a plainer but no less costly band placed at your head. It wouldn’t do, for even Hux’s prisoners to appear lacking, you thought bitterly as they finished their final touches. Escorts arrived and you held onto the back of the dress as they led you to your destination, scared that any sudden movement, would expose your bare ass cheeks to the guards. It felt like the hem hung an inch or two below your ass cheeks, and not being able to check yourself before leaving made you self-conscious. Each step allowing the cold air to brush tantalisingly against your sex, tingling slightly where it touched the oil slick skin. It was pointless, to worry the guards knew better than to even look at you. Though that didn’t stop the constant worry, that there was always the fear one would give in and sneak a peek. Then again if the Emperor didn’t like his men looking, then why display you so openly to them. Why you thought sorrowfully, did he insist on at times having Ren fuck you so openly? So lost were you to your nerves, that the sharp painful tap to your hands had you jumping, puzzling over when Ren had snuck up on you. A pointed look from him to your hands had you dropping them obediently to your sides, as Ren studied you before the waiting guards. It always made you uncomfortable, this assessing you like you were an animal on parade. Whilst it had yet to happen you were afraid to even think of the consequences should your appearance be less than pleasing. Happy with your attire, Ren took the chain from the guards. They followed like trained dogs, until he dismissed them outside a heavily carved wooden door. You waited, again patiently, it was a skill you had learnt quickly though it bored you. Waiting though you had learnt was better than what came after, the guards had gone, before Ren moved again. His heavy frame backed you swiftly to the wall beside the door, almost winding you with how quickly he moved, his massive frame pinning you with ease, pinning you to the cold, smooth stone. His hands slipped up your thighs, almost leisurely in their speed, making you wonder if you were somehow early. He ran them both under the skirt of the dress, each massive hand cupping one with ease, lifting you onto a carved shelf to bring you almost level with his chin. It drew attention; to his larger size and strength, and again became a constant reminder of your lack of panties. One hand slid up to the small of your back, lifting your skirt with him. The other finger ran the hollow between both ass cheeks, stopping only to press up and against the tiny closed hole. He pressed down, but didn’t push for entry, drawing back his fingers, holding them just under your mouth; before ordering you to spit on them. Adding his own spittle to them before lowering his hand, rubbing the mixed saliva against your opening. You twitched as his finger sought entry, the mixed saliva not enough. He hummed, at the current dilemma, kissing silent any protests, as his fingers reached between your legs. You were already slick from the effects of the oil; aided no doubt by the cool air of the journey here. It was simply a case of gathering that wetness that threatened to drip down your thighs. Ren scooped your fluids onto one large forefinger, adding to the mess already present at your rear-end. This time when he tried placing a finger inside you, it slid easier, though your hesitance to be used in such a way, had you still making it unintentionally difficult for him. With Hux you always knew better than to complain, though with Ren the outcome was less sure, and so you risked it. Openly chiding him, requesting that if he had to continue, he please use better lubrication. He kept the finger seated inside you, your chest still pressed to the expanse of his as he considered your request. When his spare hand left your ass to dip into his pocket, you expected oil, or lubricant, not the hard, cold object he swirled around your sex. Nudging your legs open with his thigh, to both dip the thick object inside you and to coat it generously in your fluids. “You seem to be producing plenty yourself.” Your cheeks heated furiously from his jest at your discomfort at your current state. He was not normally unpleasant without provocation, and so you took his words to mean a warning of his disregard to your comfort. Hux had never been shy of using that hole, but had always taken his time not to hurt you, Ren normally avoided any permeant damage. Whilst their efforts to ensure you had enjoyment from Hux’s cruel treatment of you was degrading; Ren’s ordered punishments of you were always for failing at clearly attainable goals, or in the earlier days an outright defiance of his wishes. Never had they hurt you too badly, or as Ren now risked, in opening any hole up to his cock. Then again your panicked brain supplied in an afterthought, Hux had never actually hurt you himself. Every restraint or painful punishment was given by Hux, to Ren to carry out, always perfect and precise in his instructions of how he expected his wishes to be obeyed. Maybe, you thought as he slid his finger out, replacing it with the object in his other hand, this was somehow a punishment, given to Ren to carry out on Hux’s behalf. Ren gave a small shush into your ear, his muscled forearm wrapping easily around your waist. You willed yourself to relax; reasoning that anticipating the pain that was to come, was like being hurt twice. Better to relax and just accept whatever Hux had instructed Ren to do to you. It was a pleasant shock, when the object slid painlessly into your ass, gripped tightly by your closing walls. A groan, and he dipped his fingers past the neckline of your dress. The bodice was ruffled, slightly thicker than the sheer fabrics normally allotted to you. His fingers sought out your nipples, a gentle pressure left in place as each hand left you. Curious you ran your fingers up to check, swatted away quickly by Ren. The now free hand reached to pinch your chin, tilting you to watch him. There were no threats, but the sincerity in his face left no illusions to his meaning as he spoke. “You will perform well, and with no hint of non-conformity. Is that understood.” You nodded, the clamps and butt-plug leaving you with no illusions as to how you were to perform. The pressure to your nipples, wasn’t great, just a gentle squeezing. But it would keep them firm, and ensure they rubbed against your dress, with every movement. Around the plug residue traces of the oil tingled, making you want to squirm at first. A moment or two later, and you had it under control, pleased that you had mastered their latest round of torture well. A tight-lipped smirk from Ren, and his fingers dipped under your skirt, his fingers finding your swollen cunt with ease. The congratulations he offered, for your control, were soon put to the test as two of his fingers pushed easily inside you. The plug at your backside made his fingers feel larger, your cunt fuller as he fucked you with them, your nipples stiff inside your bodice. You were slick enough that Ren’s huge digits slid easily inside you, and the thumb at your clit soon had your orgasm building. It was to your shame, that you had realised long ago that, you were becoming far too easily responsive to everything these men did to you. Finding it at times all too pleasurable, and yourself far too willing in the acceptance of the touch of your enemies. Footsteps sounded, voices came from somewhere nearby in the building and you ignored them, the fingers buried in your cunt the only thing you could think of. The footsteps sounded closer, and still Ren held you pinned, making whispered threats to hurry against your ear. You gave a muted gasp, your legs shuddering as you mounted your orgasm, crying out in protest as he removed his hand from you. You glowered at him in frustration, your orgasm wasted. You drew breath and opened your mouth; ready to voice those frustrations when he laughed slipping his fingers over your tongue. The fingers tasted of your precum, and the pressure against it made talking impossible, your protests; an indecipherable garbled mess of words. The footsteps had arrived; and sighting the guards leading the Emperors procession; you dropped silently to your knees in ready for him. The knight beside you offering Hux an unneeded, but reverential bow. Hux chuckled at you both, pleased to accept this show of power and the order it created. You watched through lowered lashes; as the two men exchanged both the kiss of greeting, and whispered words. A tug at your chain had you standing, shocked when Hux pulled your mouth up to offer you the same chaste kiss; murmuring a greeting. It left you unsteady, both of mind, and of your feet and you were grateful when he gave you a moment to settle yourself before leading you through the wooden door. It led into a small mirror panelled room. An antechamber of sorts you realised; meant to be used as a final check, before entering the door beyond. A cough from Ren had Hux pausing, before that opening the door, he looked pointedly to where Ren held up your skirt. The view clear to you wherever you looked in the glass room, and you blushed eyes swinging quickly to the floor. The plug at your ass was quite a pretty one, it twinkled gold, light dancing brilliantly off a clear jewel in the centre. Hux retraced his steps to you, his fingers running a circle around the gem before he leant over you; to kiss Ren. You thought yourself forgotten by both men, as they passionately exchanged kisses. Both their firm chests squashing you between them, Ren’s enormous muscles at your back, the firmer slender ones of Hux pressed to your chest, pushing your taut little nipples, tight against him. It seemed Ren’s gift of the plug pleased Hux. Someone’s fingers remembered you were there, long before any other acknowledgements of you. They pressed the plug deeper into you, fucking you with it. Your body already hummed with the desire from Ren’s denied orgasm, and forgetting yourself, you mewled quietly against Hux’s chest. It seemed to draw his attention back to you, he blinked apologising so politely, so gravely for forgetting his pet, before again offering you heated kisses. Afterwards you would berate yourself for seeming too eager, but desire seemed to strum your body tonight, drawing you to him like a moth to a naked flame. It was all too soon when Hux broke the kiss, taking a moment to both check his own attire and your own. The Emperor almost pouting, as he pulled your skirt back over the smooth skin of your ass. A moment or two later, and all three of you emerged from the antechamber, into the next room. It was clearly a room built solely for both entertainment and pleasure. Dimly lit wall lamps and low tables surrounded a flat open space, floor pillows, and low couches strewn everywhere else. The small party of visiting dignitaries was present, as well as one or two palace staff, none of them familiar to you. Not that you supposed it mattered, none of them were here for you, you were quite clearly the pleasure slave, Kylo Ren Hux’s consort. A clear space had been set out in the room, and you padded closer, following close to Ren’s lead. The Hux sat himself down on one couch, Ren beside him. leaving an obvious place for you, on the floor below. A flick of Hux’s wrist and you delicately you set yourself down in it, careful to keep your back to Hux and Ren, not wanting to lift your skirts. It was obvious that there would be food, and entertainment. Each visiting dignitary presenting something in tribute from their own worlds. Food and drink seemed to flow, and Hux and Ren partook of both, appearing to be pleased with it all. Though you suspected privately, that some of the dancer’s overt displays were probably a little too crudely made for Hux. It would not be easily obvious to others in the room, probably just to you and Ren. Both of you now highly proficient in the small changes to his demeanour that signalled his displeasure. It was the ambassador from Zeltros who drew most queering looks at their Emperor. You gathered swiftly, that the pleasure slaves now dancing were a part of his entertainment for the night. Whilst the Ambassador had been a human male; the same man who had offered Hux the exorbitant amount to bed you, some of his slaves were not. A mixture of female Twi’leks and native born Zeltrons splattered with humans; their purpose was obvious, as they performed. It elicited an odd pang of jealousy towards them, when the man now moved closer besides you; suggested that Hux would enjoy pairing off with one. The open sneer of distaste he gave the man, before he took a swig of drink had never looked so good, shocking you. The ambassador not getting the hint, then moved to suggest sending you up to join what had almost become a almost blatant sexual display. You went to shrink back, before a pointed look from Hux had you feigning the movement as a readjustment of your position; sitting straighter, trying to appear docile and willing at the man’s suggestions. You held fast onto Ren’s promise that you wouldn’t be shared, your hope fuelled by Hux’s display of jealousy. Another comment was made about his earlier tributes. Asking of Hux’s intentions for the earlier gift of a large cut gem and gold. A woman opposite, joined the discussion, suggesting a new crown, for her Emperor or perhaps a royal seal. Her loyalty seemed genuine, her glass swiftly raised in a lull in the music to offer a toast to her Emperor. Ren lifted a glass from a nearby service droid, it placed against your lips, to join the toast. The man again asked of his gift, Ren’s pointed smirk making you realise all at once, that they would never be made into anything Hux would wear. You blinked, sipping again at the wine. Hux was never mean in his gifts to you, each item of jewellery kept in your chambers solely for your use, and now a priceless jewel and the small fortune of gold buried in your ass added to that stockpile. You were not quite unsure how you should feel, as your bottom clenched on the ambassadors’ gift, was it meant as an insult to the man, or a jest that it went somewhere he couldn’t have. The evening went on, the conversation turning towards that of the Resistance. The wine flowed, and both men fed you titbits from their fingers, more than once your glass was replaced. The alcohol strummed your veins, the tempo of your heart echoed in each pulse point, sweat weaving a small thread down your back, as blood thumped at your clit. Another glass, another toast you dared not decline, your skin buzzed now, the effects of the oil seemed to last well, increasing with every hour. You sat still, doing your best to appear unaffected in a room full of strangers, none of them kind to the Resistance. It seemed each planets ruler, was eager to wipe out any remaining sympathy, and again the Zeltros ambassador spoke out of turn. “We would all find them as easy to put down, if we had the resources you did.” You flinched, as vulgar as you found the man, there had been enough bloodshed this morning, was this man stupid enough to risk Ren adding his own to that pile? It was the stupidest thing you could have done, you had sat so still so quietly, and Hux was now itching for a chance to show his authority. He could have simply berated the man, and perhaps would have. If you hadn’t reminded him you were there, and something the man opposite wanted. Silence had already fallen, if you looked up you knew you’d find all eyes on you, as the Emperor stroked your head. “If you refer to the First Order’s Army, then simply ask Veers, I am sure we can station a garrison there.” You dared to look up at The man’s face blew almost purple with suppressed rage, he had walked straight into Hux’s plan, and as the fingers trailed across your shoulders you knew he wasn’t done. He stammered out a hasty reply. “We have not the knowledge of your methods your Majesty.” Hux feigned laugher, you took a gulp of your drink, assuming quickly the best thing for you in this coming storm would be for you to be as intoxicated as possible. When you looked up at Veers sweat tracked his ugly face. You didn’t need to be a Force-user to see that the man hummed with self-righteous indignation. It would be an all too easy mouthful for Hux to chew up and spit out. “My, methods are simple Veers; Find anyone remaining with links to that terrorist organisation and put them down.” His voice was disinterested, and had Veers had accepted defeat more graciously you doubted Hux would have publicly shamed him. As it was his promises to discuss it on the next day did not sit well with Hux. “You wanted to bed my Pet, yes Veers?” Horrified you forgot your place, and eyes flew up to Hux, remembering at the last moment not to address him publicly without invitation. Veers either stupid, or blind drunk picked up, at the mention of you. Quickly you lowered your head, hoping to undo the damage you had caused, to become again unnoticeable. Hux cupped your cheek, and somehow you managed not to flinch under his touch as he patted it gently. “I don’t think that would work Veers, even as obedient as she is, she is horrified at being given over to someone so, lacking.” The room erupted into tittered laughs at Veer’s expense, you didn’t join in, but sat straighter. You were not out of the woods yet, your safest bet now was to play at being everything Hux wanted you to be. “If she is that obedient; she would go where told, without questioning.” He had already signed his death warrant, and now he was determined to either carry you with him, or else burn you on the way down. “Oh on the contrary, she does exactly as I say.” There was a raw edge of irritated fury to his voice, subtle in his derisiveness of the man. Heavens alone, knew where this was going. You would have no choice but to obey, Ren would see to it if you failed, and Hux would visit your humiliation on you tenfold if you did. He rubbed a thumb over your closed mouth, hooking his thumb between your gently parting lips, to tilt your head to Ren. His eyes were lidded, and dark, his Force-traits had made him privy to his Emperor’s wishes before you were. Though, judging by the lump in his trousers; you could now make an educated guess. Swallowing hard against the lump at your throat, Hux leaned into your ear, his quietly hissed command betraying all the fury he kept hidden from the room. “Suck his cock.” You nodded, as much to convince yourself to move, as to acknowledge Hux’s orders. Twisting, you had to move so slowly, so tentatively, to avoid lifting the hem of your skirt too high. To crawl would have arched your back, and shown off your bare undercarriage, and so you shuffled between Ren’s waiting thighs. Eyes running up him, you waited. Hoping that he would do something to appear complicit in this. Anything to make it look less like you were the eager slut in all of this and him no more than a passing pawn in Hux’s games. A heart beat longer, and you knew you had waited long enough. Ren’s eyes danced, darker in the half light, and you reached a hand up for the fasteners on his trousers, sliding both arms slowly up the muscular expanse of his thighs. “No hands pet.” The sudden grip of fear almost had you bolting from the room, that though pushed aside when he held down a large glass of strong drink, forcing you to swallow it all. No hands meant you would have to open that fastener with your mouth. It also meant leaning up further, creating more of a risk that your skirt would ride too high, all your careful posturing would be for naught. You legs had turned to ice, but they thankfully held still. The drink warmed in your belly, as you gripped the fastener between your lips, pulling it down. His cock waited, thankfully hard, and you nuzzled it from the confined of his trousers. Your cheeks had heated so with embarrassment, that you thought you would die, and would have done so happily by any method to escape this. How Ren could look so comfortable with what was happening, you would never know. A discomforted cough sounded from somewhere behind you, as your tongue flicked the tip making it bounce at your touch. You kept your eyes firmly on Ren, refusing to think about the smattering of dignitaries behind you. Would their faces burn for you, as yours did now, or did they lack enough empathy to care? The light was thankfully dim enough that any odd flashes, would leave the room unable to tell it you were undressed, or if it was just a trick of the light. You took the head of Ren’s cock in your mouth, bobbing your neck as you ran your painted lips along his shaft. “See,” Spoke Emperor Hux, addressing the room as much for Veer’s benefit as anyone else’s. “the lone survivors of that regime, are so very easily kept in check.” Tears slipped from your cheeks at that, left to dry on your skin, lone trails of kohl smudged lines, cutting the perfect curves of your made up face. To further debase you, Ren ordered your hands placed to the tops of his legs. It meant a new angle, one which would raise the angle of your hips, showing your bare glistening pussy off to the room. Impatient with your efforts, Ren pushed your head further onto his cock. It had a much wider girth than Hux, though thankfully not too much longer. You had only just managed to take Hux’s cock comfortably into your throat, and it worried you now that you would disgrace yourself; by failing so publicly, if Ren tried to force you to take his. Fingers brushed aside hair, and you looked up at Ren, your mouth full of his cock his own face showing both the flush of drink, and pleasure. That had to be a good thing you thought, at least if you pleased Ren, Hux might be happy. You shut out the world around you, concentrating only the man beneath you, until the smell of his musk, and the beat of his pulse, as it throbbed in on your tongue. It made the tingling at your sex harder to ignore, and each movement; had the erect tissue of your nipples, rubbing against him. You squirmed absently pressing your legs together, and low moan sounded. It reverberated through you, making your cunt squeeze around nothing, your ass twitching around the plug. A moment later, it hit what you had done, and you scolded yourself, screaming choice insults inside your head. What the hell were you becoming, now so eager to please you’d debase yourself for pleasure? And which was better; to give in and ignore the indignity of being watched, or to remain aware, and therefore more in control of your body? The blowjob seemed to go on for hours, though you doubted even Ren had the stamina to delay orgasm that long. You guided yourself on a careful, all be it wavering line between isolation and indifference. Ren’s hands seemed to work to guide your mouth to where he wanted, controlling you like you were some puppet designed for his pleasure. Though thankfully, the powerful muscles of his legs, seemed to remain stoic beneath you, no attempt of his usual lewd thrusting. Your mouth was clearly meant to do the work here, not Ren; but it ached, your lips almost numb with effort, your lips swollen, smeared with saliva lipstick. Precum and drool, slicking both your cheeks, and his cock mixed red with the lipstick. A sharp command from Hux and a pull at your collar, had you pulled up to Ren’s waiting arms. His hands dipped under your skirt, one arm wrapped under your bottom and the other gripping the loose fabric of your skirt. You gathered as Ren lifted the skirt high, the discussion had been again something to do with the small fortune buried in it. You wiped your hand over your mouth, hoping as you did so it tidied the mess Ren’s cock had made of you. A muttered comment from Ren at your ear instructed you to look back a Veers. You did, as instructed, cheeks pale, your heart in your stomach at having to again address the room. The others had gone, snuck out or directed to leave, you didn’t know. Ren’s mouth pressed to your bare shoulder, as he too looked back, but his look was a smirk of utter triumph. You prayed the light was soft enough to hide the smudges of lipstick, and drying fluids around your mouth, but knew in reality this is what both men wanted to show their guest. You suspected there was more to this than just Hux’s jealousy of the man, The Emperor was far too controlled to let this just be about this. It made you shudder to think even his loyal subjects faced the displeasure of his wrath. His breath was warm, then it again tickled your ear. “Shall we make him truly envious Pet?” Ren’s suggestion that you were complacent in all of this, sickened you. Had it looked that way to the rest of the room, had they left thinking you happy with your lot? You were deftly turned around, by Ren, pulled back towards him, you bent your knees over the couch, straddling him. The head of his cock, nudging your waiting sex. He slid into you slowly and you gasped, panting at the intrusion. He had always been large, but the plug at your waiting hole made you feel fuller, almost painfully so. An arm wrapped your waist, his lips at your neck as he fucked you, positioned just so, to keep you on display to your captive audience. His strokes lengthened, and soon the sound of his cock ploughing your slick pussy, reverberated loudly through the room. Sounding worse to your nervous ears, than your racing breath. Your legs spread wide to accommodate his, splaying your sex wide to him, your engorged clit rubbing his balls on each pass. An open hand at you back forced you over his knees, and you gripped his knees for support, using them to press back off as you rode his cock. “Such a good little Pet, to service her Master’s cock. when it is unseemly for me to do it myself.” You dared not look back at Hux, even your passive face would have challenged his praise of you. You grit your teeth, trying not to give into the tensely mounting pleasure. They would have to make you cum, you realised, it showed true mastery over your body, to force it to do as they wished. Tears ran in rivulets over your cheeks, and you no longer cared how you must look, so determined to hold back as long, as possible. Your body ached with the strain, of each suppressed shake, and every thrust into you, was like torture as his cock sawed into you and his balls rubbed your aching clit. Fingers pressed, against the plug, his hand thrusting it into your ass, in time with his hips. Another thrust, his own breath ragged in your ear, swear dripping onto your back. You knew on the next it would be too much for him, and you knew a moment of pride thinking you had won. He wasn’t done yet though; a sharp slap to your ass rang out, the shock of it making you lose control, that thrust your last too. His cry was an animalistic growl of victory, to your wounded shriek as you orgasmed. Both holes full, and edged so long by yourself, it was perhaps your strongest yet, and you flopped exhausted. Ren permitted you a breath or two before shoving your broken, swear soaked body to the floor, he wasn’t impressed. To the room, it may have looked like he edged you that long deliberately, but with his Force-gifts, he knew exactly what you had been up to. Your earlier command to perform well sprung to mind, and you waited nervously. “Clean up your mess, and don’t swallow it until I say.” You sprung quickly to Ren’s demand, hoping that he would take this in apology, that you would be forgiven if you did well. You suck the bittersweet musk, of your combined cum from his softening cock. Careful not to dwell too long on over sensitised flesh, you even ran your tongue over his ball sack, gathering what you could there. Finished you knelt back, his fingers scooping more from inside you, to add to the small puddle on your tongue. You knelt obediently awaiting your next command, as around you the men made ready to leave, finishing their drinks in silence. Hux gave Veers a sneer of a farewell, and you wondered by the pointed refusal to bid him goodnight, if he would last until the morning. Ren pulled you up, holding onto your leash, for his Emperor and lover. You followed, your mouth heavy with fluids, it wasn’t often that Ren thought up his own punishments and you wondered if Hux would request a reason from Ren. He didn’t thankfully, and dutifully you held onto it, until you reached the door to your bedchamber. “Has she behaved herself?” The question was made to Ren, and you knew Hux was asking if you had conformed enough mentally. Your mind ran amok with possible outcomes, if Ren told him how he’d nearly failed, it would not be seen by Hux; as a mark against him, but you. A finger tapped your lips, and was followed by an instruction to open your mouth. You did, though Ren didn’t need to look to know you’d conformed, he did anyway content at the sight of the milky white strands, held amongst your saliva. He smirked and gave you permission to finally swallow. “More or less so.” Your head dipped waiting, to see if it was enough to pass Hux’s strict standards. The men continued their conversation, and you shivered, the sweat sheen on your bare flesh making you so cold, in the airy corridors. It was difficult, tired as you were, but you quickly supressed it before risking upsetting Hux. When he spoke, he seemed weary himself, though at your behaviour rather than the late hour. “Your reward for good behaviour was to have been a favour. Whilst we have agreed you may ask, we will confer over it, and let you know tomorrow.” You thought on at Hux’s offer, as he opened the door for you hovering just inside of it. Anything too grand was always going to be refused, and likely this was part of his game in not telling you. Nothing was ever set up for you to win. You quickly thought over small changes that could better your life now. You had almost thought to ask for a datapad, or at least some reading material when another thought suddenly grabbed you, one you hoped they would go for. “Underwear?” Both men laughed, and you realised you should have been more eloquent in your request. But it was too late now. Ren drew you to a quick kiss, and you realised swiftly he was bidding you goodnight. It was as Hux kissed you, his lips gentler, more reserved that you realised blessedly that you would be left alone that night. Chapter 3 : 3 Summary: This chapter is a two parter, I will post the rest when I can. It was sometime during the broken half-light before dawn. The whole palace seemed to be in complete uproar, apparently placing you on lock down too. Not that there was anything different to normal, you thought bitterly, staring at the same, unchanged walls of your chamber. Ren had burst without warning into your chamber, sabre ignited and heavily flanked by guards. You had been asleep, blessedly alone in your own bed. In confusion at the sudden commotion you had pushed the sleep from your blurry frightened eyes, and drawn yourself tighter up in bed. He was furious, and you expected him to strike at any moment. He looked you over, chest panting eyes wide, the guards standing ready for action, as Ren searched the room. He wasn’t gentle in his efforts to find what he was looking for. Tossing open wardrobes, almost ripping the curtains from their hangers. He was searching for someone you soon realised, each space he checked would have been at a push, large enough to hide a humanoid. The search seemed to prove futile, for Ren, though that did nothing to calm him, as he regarded you again. In your lowest moments, you had often hoped for death. Always assuming dying was preferable to what they did to you, that was until now, when faced with the iron cold visage of Ren in killing mode. It evoked pure terror in you, as he looked over you, light-sabre still drawn and ready. You knew then that if he ever chose to kill you, it would never be a quick death. Neither Ren nor Hux took failure well, and you knew he was looking for that. This person had somehow failed him, and you offered prayers to anyone who could hear you, that it wasn’t you. His jaw clenched repeatedly as he looked down at you, as you curled up tighter, trying to escape his notice. You prayed fervently to anyone that could hear you, that you did not further upset him. This was not how you wanted to go. Ren had then prowled, slowly towards you, arm stretched in a claw towards you. You screamed then, your body having never known pain, or despite all they had put your through, a violation like this. He searched your innermost thoughts, though was careful to leave no clues, as to what he looked for. Thick dull talons dragged through your mind, searching you realised; but for what you screamed at him in thought. Nobody went in or out of your room without their permission, and that included you. You had nobody, and knew nothing they didn’t already know, why did he now have to force this onto you, these further intrusions. The mind rape seemed to go on forever and he was not gentle, nor kind. He brought up things you had long since hoped to forget. It left you clutching at your head in a desperate plea for him to leave it. Every muscle of your fragile body so tensed, that they threatened to snap your bones. It was over as soon as it had begun, and you whined into the sheets in agony. Tears over spilling your cheeks, your breathing ragged, throat scratched sore from screaming. Ren’s chest had heaved as he looked down at you. If he had found what he was looking for Ren never, told you, and you were too frightened to ask him. You didn’t want that be a reason for him to incriminate you. Eventually, he seemed to have given up, and disgruntled at not finding what he was looking for, he had spun on his heels. Finally leaving you to fall back, exhausted, your body drenched with sweat, onto the cool pillows. He had demanded of the guards to stay close to your room, and that two of your handmaidens had been woken; and forced into the large bed with you. Leaving you, to worry that he had not found what he was looking for. You dreaded him returning later, the pain now settled to a dull throb, that beat a new pain with every pulse of your heart. It left you, tossing and turning, unable to return to you sleep from worry and the blinding pain at your skull. It hadn’t effected the two gently snoring servants. They seemed to sleep well even when disturbed, which made you suspect that they knew what Ren was looking for. You hated the watchers at either side of the immense bed, they symbolised everything you no longer had. Freedom, and the ability to be rested, to be at peace. They would no doubt be grilled about your nightly behaviour, and whilst you knew you had nothing to hide, still you felt as though you tread on eggshells. Ren’s final words as he left, were a snarled order to the guards to reiterate, that you didn’t leave your room and to ensure the handmaidens dismissed any visitors. It was laughable; you had never been aloud to leave your rooms, and you knew no one to visit, save Emperor Hux, and Kylo Ren. Sighing you turned over to your side, but you were so worried that sleep wouldn’t claim you, and so eventually you settled for laying there, silently waiting for the morning. The morning had come soon enough, and so had a brief snatching of sleep. A droid came, baring a package for the lead handmaiden, from Hux. You hoped that they were undergarments, and that Hux had agreed to your boon. You were not hungry, but at the silent glowers as you declined, forced you to brake your fast, on tiny nibbles of bread and sips of juice. The lead handmaiden had squirreled the package away from your prying eyes and into your vast wardrobe. Your gut clenched as you realised practically; that it was probably just another round of torture. Was that all last night had been too, another way of ensuring you toed the line? You couldn’t force yourself to eat anymore, and ignored their pointed looks. Far too tired, and too tightly sprung from the night before to care. They had never hurt you enough to leave a mark, but they had their ways of making you compliant. They could make it very unpleasant, should you choose not to obey, wilfully, or just by not understanding their orders. There was a signal for your picked over tray to be removed, and the daily ritual of preening begun. That itself was exhausting, and both demoralising and degrading. You had been a useful member of the Resistance, an educated and intelligent free woman. But now reduced to little more than an ornamented doll, your days were spent idle. Though idle was always preferable to being summoned. It was always better to wait in dread, than to be summoned for Hux’s entertainment. There was becoming a slow pattern in it these last few weeks, as their slave. Always they gave your body time to recuperate from their attentions, to recover before using you again. Though could it really be called a rest? How was waiting nerves tight, coiled like a spring ready to be released resting or recovery? Hux was right; Ren was a brute, there was never anything gentle about the way he fucked you, to completion. Even slow, he could if he chose to; leave you sore, bruised and aching. But Hux could be far worse, especially when with Ren. They thrived off competing with one another and Hux’s idea of pleasure was all too often; to humiliate you. Or worse to demand that Ren wring small painfilled cries from your body for him. You never looked abused, but more than once, both men had made it impossible to even sit without pain. Hux had disliked that, he called it you squirming, and with a steel glint in his eyes, he had threatened to have you flogged harder if you didn’t sit still. Real or imaginary; your faults could soon drive Hux to order some new and cruel punishment. Ones which he would sit back and enjoy, whilst Ren worked up a sweat, delivering them to your soft body. You were dressed for today, as always to perfection. Another expensive and long gown. it would seem you always had to be ready. It would be lacking, for you not to appear perfect, should they visit or call for you. Your hair was coiled up, and eyes defined as always in dark kohl. The dress chosen was backless, and the gap strung across with ropes of clear jewels and pearls, layered across your smooth spine. You again had to concede with sadness, that you looked beautiful. Hux at least had good taste when it came to clothing. It was a shame he hadn’t any about his own actions. You were instructed at the last moment, to hold up your long skirts; and guided into what you hoped fervently was finally underwear. They seemed to feel that way as they were dragged up your bare legs, and silently you thanked your lucky stars, pausing in thought. For underwear to have been acquired so quickly; you suspected that you had wasted your boon. Could it not have been wiser spent better on a little freedom, rather than this vanity? These garments had to have been laid ready for you. Hux had already commissioned them, either for such a request, or because he fancied a change to your attire. Once again you had played right into Hux’s hands, and stupidly given him ideas for a new game to begin. These knickers could be called underwear of a sort, but their purpose certainly was not to cover you. The crotch was devoid of fabric, and nestled between the lips of your sex, was strung a smooth string of what felt like round, smooth beads. You were furious, both with yourself, for walking into it and your captors for being so cruel. Both men must be laughing gleefully now, at how easy you were to manipulate. The gathered skirts, in your arms; had afforded you no view of them, and they had been careful not to let you see the panties before they placed them on you. You didn’t need to see, to know what they were, you could feel them as you walked. With each step, they rubbed against your clit, pressed tighter by your hurried steps to keep up with the guards. The pace was set deliberately fast. Either them taking amusement were they would, or on order by their leaders. They delivered you into a large open courtyard, slowing down as they lead you onwards. Between your legs you grew slick with arousal; your body already betraying you in this latest game. Tears threatened to spill, but you blinked them back, your head bowed in shame at what this was doing to your body. The courtyard was truly beautiful, leafy plants fragrant with beautiful flowers, and above you huge trees sheltered you from the sun. Soon, their winding pathways lead you towards an open space, and with a slight bow, the guards announced your presence to their Emperor, before leaving you. Both him and Ren sat calmly together, they appeared to be taking tea on a sheltered patio. It was the first time in forever, that you had been allowed outside. The sun was bright to you, even at this early hour of the day, and the air so sweet and fresh that your lungs greedily took great breaths of it. Alone, you walked tentatively forwards, frightened of both upsetting the ache between your legs, and these men. It must have rained overnight; the ground was still damp with it. The verdant greenery dripping crystal droplets of precipitation. Close now, you gathered in you skirts, ready to keep them clean as you knelt. A servant stepped forwards to pull back a chair in readiness, and you froze skirts gathered to your knees. It was probably a foolish to stammer in your movements, but you were not sure if to take the floor or that chair was proffered to you. It was not safe to assume the chair was yours, nor was it safe to assume it was not. There may have been other guests soon to arrive, or it may have been an oversite by the servant. Your heart beat faster, such a silly thing to get worked up by. But they had you so on tenterhooks now, that small things mattered to you far more than they ever should have. Lost you dared to look through your lowered lashes, desperate for a clue as to your predicament. The two men seemed not to have yet noticed you, their heads bent in conversation. Hux stroked Ren’s cheek affectionately, and you felt pangs of sorrow. For all the tenderness they could display to one another; neither ever showed you any. Beneath the delicately wrought table; Ren’s fingers twitched and there was a press at your back in acknowledgment to you. Delicately, ghostly hands guided you towards the empty chair. They kept an unseen hold on you, only leaving you, after you were seated to Hux’s left. The servants at Ren’s order poured you tea, and dutifully you waited until Hux spoke in greeting to drink. Quietly you drank, breathing calmness to your swollen sex, as you waited for Hux to notice you. When he did, he again offered you the kiss of greeting, and you dared not deny him it. Knowing he could now see what your walk here had wrung from you, as you pressing your own mouth obediently to his. The tea was lightly fragranced and warming. Your body despite the warmth of the morning sun was unnaturally cold, exhaustion leeching warmth from your bones. The lack of sleep making your body behave erratically. You sipped the hot liquid, grateful for the warmth that seeped into you, gratefull as it replaced the chill. Small sweetcakes and petite fours were placed on small silver platters, and these the Emperor fed you. Disregarding the stickiness to pinch them between finger and thumb, placing them into your mouth, his only concession to you being there. You wondered why you had been summoned, if it was for the company of your body then why leave untouched? Neither men seemed to want you for anything else, so why else would you be here? They seemed to be discussing the commotion last night, and your ears picked up listening for clues to what had happened. It appeared that Veers, has gone missing, the man probably doing so to avoid being run through by Ren and his sabre. The handed over intel had pointed at him hiding somewhere nearby, and last night he had received word of him nearby the palace. Was that why Ren had been in your bedchamber last night, had he thought that Veers could be hiding there? Couldn’t Ren have worked out by now, how much that man made your skin crawl, you would offer him no sanctuary. You were under no illusions that he would have done you, or you body any kindnesses, should you have been able to help him. Even so, he had he deserved to die? Was it because only because he hadn’t allowed Hux to station a garrison on his home world? Had that been why they had paraded you in front of him, and then teased him with you? Had it all been a show of power, or had they encouraged his desire for you, and then killed him for asking. You felt sick, dizzy with it all, and the honeyed cake Hux had just placed on your tongue felt suddenly sicky, and all too heavy to swallow down. You did so anyway, forcing yourself, to appear unaffected. Afraid to show any weakness, all too much you knew how they fed off that. Realistically you knew that, Veers had only been doing what was normally permissible. Asking to use a royal slave, you were after all just a possession and could be bartered for as such. The collar fastened around your neck; no matter how ornately made, was just another slave collar, and the jewellery and dresses just another mark of Hux’s ownership of you. “She thinks I killed him.” Ren’s voice was torn between amusement, and disinterest, and you almost mistook it for more irrelevant discussion on Veers, your mind doubling back to process what he had said. Of course he had killed the man, maybe not himself, but he would have given the order. Whomever had delivered the killing shot, would have been ordered to by Ren. You had not chosen to involve yourself, but you still felt guilty as hell. Guilty by association. Hux looked at you, as he held out another piece of cake to you. You didn’t want it, the mouthful you had had already been proving difficult to swallow. Your chewing had rendered it tasteless and already your stomach threatened to revolt at its contents. Hux seemed genuinely interested, and not for the first time you feared his interest at you. “Do you Pet? Why?” The question had required an answer, and you took a delicate sip of tea to chase down your mouthful and to stall your reply. You couldn’t quite trust yourself to speak yet, or choose what to say. So desperate were you to avoid his disapproval, you eyeballed the offered cake. Seriously weighing up the pros and cons of accepting it, and just being ill. Would they punish you for it here, or just send you away? Hux guessing the state of your guts placed it back on the platter, frowning as he wiped his gloves on a napkin. You nodded, but pale faced and sickly at being backed into a corner like this, again you didn’t need to speak to betray your emotions. One man could read them all too well, the other pull the very thoughts from your head if needed. Hux sighed and pinched your face, to bring it to him. Studying you carefully as he spoke. “Veers is a filthy Resistance sympathiser.” Your first reaction was shock, followed by a tiny hope that Veers’ offer had centred around a possible rescue. Was that why he had asked for you in his bed? Sat the other side of Hux, Ren smirked at you, and you knew then they had fetched you here, to see how complacent you were in Veers’ escape plan. “No little one, he wanted to bed you, there was no rescue.” You refused to acknowledge Ren but you were furious at his exposure of your hope. You fought back the twitch at your eyebrow, forcing yourself to keep your face devoid of a reaction. A blank canvas that you hoped lied well for you. Was it not enough that he constantly invaded the sanctity of your mind? No, it would seem not, at least one of them had to belittle you for daring to have hope. There was nothing left for you, and struggling to control yourself, you choked back a sob. Holding the unsteady breath until the emotion had passed. Hope was as useless as your tears; both made of fragile dust and air and easily crumpled with a tiny breath. All too much as you had become. You longed for one tiny act of kindness, and the loss of having it so near cut hard, even if it had never been tangible. Hux seemed to have hold of your face still, as though waiting, for your reaction. Was he enjoying the show you wondered and in a moment of shock even to you; your fingers pressed at the corners of the table. Letting the metal bite into your skin, before swiftly tossing it at the pair of them. You gasped, eyes wide as your brain resolved what your body had done. The table never hit, it’s targets. Ren had instantly raised his hand, throwing the table back and its contents at you. Bracing yourself ready for the impact, you had stiffened and turned your head to the side, raising your arms to take the worst, and protect your face. At the last moment, the items flying towards you separated. Leaving a twisted pile of broken ceramics, and glass either side of you and the table at your feet. The message was clear; those items were headed back at you and Ren could have hurt you. He would have found himself justified in doing so, but had chosen not to. You already knew when you threw them, that you had gone too far, and now you physically shook with terror. You forced yourself to stand, making yourself meet Hux’s gaze. It was better to feign surety in your defiance, you had gone too far to back down now, no matter how scared you were. Hux was almost catatonic with rage. You had never seen him so agitated, and this was the first time you had ever bit back. You screamed at yourself for your foolish behaviour, not daring to take your eyes off him. His chest rose and fell, to the same heavy tempo that pulsed the vein at his temple. He too was shocked at your behaviour, you quickly realised. Stupidly rather than take this moment to beg forgiveness a swell of pride took hold of you. You had finally done something Hux had not expected, it made you stand taller, it was a small victory against him. When he had eventually gotten hold of himself, the first thing he did was to slap you. He back handed you hard, making you see stars. Neither men had ever raised their hand to you, not like this. Hus preferring to keep their hands clean, and their punishments more of a sexual nature. It stung, and already you could feel the blood pulsing to your cheek. It would bruise, if it hadn’t already, and badly. The next thing was equally as uncontrolled for Hux. He grabbed your arm, and dragged you behind him lead you out of the courtyard garden. You struggled to keep up with him, and nearly stumbled and fell more than once. He dragged you into what you guessed this time really was his chambers. Not that bedchamber you had first been taken to and were to later find out was meant for you, but new unseen rooms. Pulling you past his bedroom, he opened another room and threw you inside. You hit the floor hard, sliding forwards, you skinned your knees on the polished wooden floor, looking desperately around you. The room was clearly built for Hux’s pleasure, and you supressed a shiver. How anyone could find pleasure in what went on in here you didn’t quite know. The walls were painted rich colours, and the decorations lewd enough to make a whore blush. Plush rugs draped the floor and thick velvet curtains lined the windows. Though they were not what upset you, an ornate framed bed centred the room. It’s metal headboard cut with a variety of interesting patterns, that your gut told you was to fasten someone down to. There were couches and other furniture strewn across the room, and in your innocence, their purpose was as yet unknown to you, but still as unsettling. Ren entered lazily behind Hux. He kept his gaze on you, as he stood, lounging back against one side of the doorframe. He was shirtless, and for the first time ever he stood so you could really look at him. He was huge, his broad chest intersected with various welts and cuts, darkened in places by bruising. He was proud of those marks, and somehow that unsettled you more. Had Hux marked Ren so? And if so, if this was what he could do to his lover, what more would he do to you, his enemy? Swallowing down your fear, you watched Hux stroll gracefully over to a cupboard, and open the carved doors. You couldn’t bring yourself to look in there, and as Ren knelt into abeyance, you adopted the same position, head lowered in contrition. You had attacked the Emperor, and the penalty for that was death. It would be slow, and painful, but you consoled yourself bitterly it would thankfully end in a release from this eternal state of purgatory. Eyes lowered you watched as Hux walked over to Ren petting him, before a low instruction to rise. He did so, waiting on attendance to his Master, and at last Hux turned to you. “The penalty for what you did is death. Something which sadly you would welcome with open arms. It will not be granted to you, this once you will earn your forgiveness.” Hux at last approached you holding restraining cuffs in one hand, and a burgundy silk scarf in the other. He took his time coming closer, and despite the deep-seated need to watch a predator approach, you kept your eyes cast low. Desperate not to anger him, scared that what he would now do, would be worse than death. “Get up.” The hissed command, struck fear in your very core; and you dared not disobey him. Rising unsteadily to your feet, desperate to find regard again. He stood so close to you, that his breath tickled your back, blowing the loose tendrils of hairs. “You will do as I say, and if you do not; I will order every last man in this palace to take you. You will be whored out to the entire garrison, and then when I eventually find Veers I will allow him to take you before I kill him. Do you understand?” You did, your teeth clacked together in horror, and forgetting your place and what he threatened you looked up at him. Knowing as soon as you looked at him that he would. His voice had been so calm, so sure, his face that of a man who dealt in promises, not threats. You blinked an acceptance of his words, unable to draw breath to speak. “I SAID DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?!” You jumped in shock, his face so close as he roared out his question that spittle flew to your face. You dared not wipe it off, instead you quickly gave him a quiet, yes. Your voice was no louder than a mouse squeak, and just as terrified. The back hand he dealt you came from nowhere, knocking you to your knees, adding another level of colour to your cheek. You didn’t have to be told what you had done wrong, pant wetting terror gripped you and you curled up on yourself almost yelling out your answer. “Yes, you Majesty I understand.” For a moment, the only sound was his breathing, almost deafened by the steady strum of your pulse in your ears. When a moment had passed, you slid onto your knees, your forehead against the floor. You wished to signal to him, that you were no threat at all small and helpless before him, but that was a mistake, it was partly that which excited him. When indicated to, you rose to your feet, and allowed him to place the blindfold to your eyes, terrified of what came next. With your vision cut off you were so much more than helpless than before him, and you stood shaking. Slow, steady footfalls surrounded off the wood around you, and it was impossible to work out where the next would land. He was walking in small circles you soon gathered, and on what you hoped was his second pass of you, his fingers touched your spine. You jumped, unable to get a handle on your fear long enough to stop the shaking, and his hands stroked down the beading at the back of you dress. A sudden yank pulled them from you, the force of it making you stumble, though thankfully not enough lose your balance. You heard the broken strands of jewels scatter to the floor, as Hux gave the command for you to lower your arms to your side. Without the roped back to support it the dress fell to the floor in a whisper, leaving the silken fabric to pool around your heeled shoes. Someone’s hands took yours steadying you as Hux told you to lift your legs and careful that your heels did not catch one by one you lifted them. There was a blow of air and the fabric moved, leaving you to realise that they wanted you afraid, but to let you fall would have been clumsy. A gloved finger ran the string of pearls down between your ass cheeks, dipping lower to your crotch. Hux’s voice was close to your ear when he spoke again, low and demanding, threatening in his dominance over you. “I am the Emperor of the Known Galaxy, there is nothing that doesn’t by rights belong to me. Everything in this Galaxy bows to my order, even you my perfect little, slut .” His words almost descended into pure hisses, such was his rage for you right now. You gasped, a deep pain stabbing your chest, as your cunt clenched to the truth behind his words. Already your body was forgetting the danger behind this man, spreading your lest to him. His arm wrapped your waist, making you almost stumble as he brought you back to him, the other hand cupping your sex. “And that pet, includes this. This is mine too, and you should be grateful for the honour of receiving my cock.” The last word dissolved into a low determined growl as his hand gripped your pussy tighter, the heel of it rubbing the string of pearls tight against you. The leather of his glove squishing obscenely, in the gathered dampness there. Hux was neither rough, nor kind, his assault on you only to show mastery of you, to let you know he could both touch you were and when he wanted, and make you do as he wanted. You didn’t expect to be allowed completion, though you still gave a small cry of protest when he removed his hand. It earnt you nothing but the shock of quick sharp slap to your cunt, your legs proving impossible to close. The wet making each subsequent slap he placed there, sting harder and harder. Each blow against you, was a tiny sting of sharp needles, impossible to dodge as you realised your legs were held open by Ren’s Force powers. His unblinking devotion to his emperor making him cognisant of his wishes without asking. The sharpness eventually turned to a low burn, the sting of each slap to your sex, blending into the pain of the last. You were shocked to quickly discover your cunt growing wetter, than it ever had before. Your clit strained and swollen, despite each slap and your need for it to be touched; even if it meant giving into him, was growing stronger. Fingers entered you, stretching out your walls, the change of stimulation almost making you give in. Like this blinded, could he not be anyone, could you not be anywhere but here? The fingers moved slowly, making deep violent thrusts into your core. Forcing you to accept him, and making you shudder, and a mouth pressed to your nipple. This time, your moan of complaint was louder, almost pleasurable at the sensations the thrust on you. You knew you were losing the fight against your own body. The pleasure they delighted in forcing onto you, was becoming too much, then without warning it stopped. Sticky, slick covered fingers pressed to your lips, and you parted them, allowing him to enter your mouth, obediently sucking your juices from them. “Why do you resist me pet, can you not taste yourself. Can you not feel what I do to you?” His voice was low, a heavy groan in your ear, and you hummed in a noncommittal answer to the leather clad fingers slowly fucking your mouth. You fought back the desire to throw back your head and give into what they both wanted of you, you wouldn’t become that, not yet. You didn’t need the use of your eyes, to imagine how you would look, his fingers smearing both your lipstick and saliva, over your lips. Your legs spread open, your body trembling and panting in denied want. The hand at your waist dipped lower the fingers pressed to your clit, stroking you closer and closer to the edge. Your legs shook threatening to give way beneath you, thankfully locked into place as he continued. You were close, unable to prevent what was happening to you, your orgasm approaching far swifter, far harder than ever before, threatening to engulf you. Beneath the blindfold your eyes swelled with tears, ones you could safely shed without feeding his lustful ego. A breath tickled your neck before he spoke again, and lips pressed to any bare skin there; punctuating his words with slow sucks against your skin. “Why deny it? Am I not gracious enough in return for something as little as your obedience, to feed you, to clothe you when by rights you should be rotting in a cell. Just like the Resistance scum, you are.” Your own breathing came in ragged spurts, and behind the blind fold your eyes rolled, unable to hold out. The cry this time when he stopped was loud, it filled the room, and it took you but a moments pause to register. It had come from your throat. Red flooded your cheeks, and you felt your face warm at it, realising that you had just cried out not for them to stop, but because they had. Hux stepped away, and you reasoned with yourself, that you never had any choice in the matter, trying to come to terms with the shame. Without the warm, spun wool of his chest at your back, it was suddenly cold. Sweat dripped from you hairline, making you realise the effort of your wasted orgasm. Someone’s hands took hold of your wrists and in your confusion, you felt them pulling together and the cold press of metal, before a click. They had attached the restraints Hux had held, and now with a pull, they lead you forwards. You followed blindly, teetering unsteadily in the heels. They were not overly high for you, but you had to place all your trust in the hands that led you. Hoping that if you stumbled, they would keep you upright now. They stopped leading you, your wrists were raised above you, not to high but not comfortably either. A clink sounded and your arms were pulled taught, arms straighter, forcing you even in the heels; onto the tips of your toes. Two sets of hands ran your sides, both gloved it was impossible to tell who’s was who’s. They left you suddenly, and alone you dangled for what seemed to be an eternity. Your arms already ached, from being held aloft, and the muscles of your legs trembled, unused to such poises. Neither talked, but then Hux didn’t need to voice his commands to Ren. He was both intuitive and obedient enough in this setting, to follow orders without them. You jerked against your restraints as something hit you, making you yell out as much from shock as the sharp slap against your skin. It left a stinging burn in its wake, and another as it found an unmarred piece of skin. Your brain ran the items in the cupboard, trying to work out what it was. A loose leather smelling, loop stroked your cheek, sliding lower between the valley of your breasts and over your stomach. It dipped between your legs, stroking until it parted the lips of your sex. You were already indecently wet; and a few gentle taps to your open sex, had your head bowed in shame, unable to ignore the lewd wet smacks. It was the crop you had seen glimpses of you realised. The crop left you, and with a whistle it slapped against your thigh, making you grit your teeth against the pain. Either man could be wielding it. Although Ren normally administered your punishments, Hux was furious, and you wouldn’t put it past him to deliver your punishment himself this time. You gave up, begging him to stop as each blow grew swifter, each target more painful. You knew it was better to give in, than to foolishly show bravery and hold out to the pain. “You should be thanking me for this, it really is more than you deserve.” More slaps of the crop, circling you to ensure you wouldn’t know the next intended target. Soon you just listened out for the preceding whistling of leather through the air, your entire body tensing to the warning, before the crack sounded as it hit your skin. Repeatedly it fell, and you gave into it, screaming as you sagged against your bonds, your legs exhausted by your struggles. He didn’t stop, not even when your voice was left hoarse with shouting. Eventually you worked it out and on the next blow, instead of pleading with him to stop, you yelled out your thanks. Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “I beg your pardon, Pet.” He was begging for nothing, however politely the request was made, and you knew better than to mistake it for what is wasn’t. Plain and simple; it was a demand for you to repeat yourself, not because he hadn’t heard it, but to force further humility from you. You repeated your thanks for the lesson he had so brutally thrust upon you, as eloquently as possible. Humbly thanking him, wanting so much to please him, to make the sting of the crop stop; and for one blessed moment, it seemed to have worked. Hux had stopped, and skin crawling you could feel his eyes appraising your naked flesh. The marks from the crop stung, and you had seen various similar injuries to know how each welt would look; raised red and angry against your skin. The unnatural position had forced you to stay standing throughout, tottering on high heels and balanced on your tip toes; your muscles screamed in protest at being so ill used. The leather strap stroked up the front of your neck; forcing your head high again. You had lowered it towards your feet, earlier on in your punishment, to hide your shame filled face from him. Stupidly assuming in your desperation; he wouldn’t see the effect he had on you, the pearls making each flinch torturous on your abused clit. The silk around your eyes was soaked through with your tears, your body warmed to both by the beating and your arousal. and you shivered your body coated in a sheen of sweat. You could feel cooling on you when his breath tickled the back of your neck. You knew, without looking that, you looked a sweaty, snivelling mess. The carefully applied make up would be smudged beyond recognition, and you could feel the weight of your hair loosening, tendrils brushing against your shoulders. It amazed you that anyone could take pleasure in you like this, but as his crotch pressed against the welts on your ass, you could feel him there ready for you. There was no crude rutting into you to follow, just the press of his cock, long and hard against you. No doubt he would still look pristine, not a hair out of place. Whilst you clothed in nothing more than his sorry excuse for pants; you would look just as he had named you; like his slut. The leather clad digits sipped over your hips, and there was the cold rush of air as he inhaled the scent of your hair at the nape of your neck. Another pair of hands joined the first, this time the rougher feel of Ren’s clothing against the sensitised skin of your chest. He pressed against you, and just had you had been the other night, the men firmly sandwiched you between them. The harder press, made the fabric of Ren’s tunic set off the burn of the welts, making them bite painfully into you. It was Ren who spoke first, his breath hot against your neck, his voice husky, rough with desire, and dangerously deep. “She likes the blindfold; it lets her forget she’s here. Though she lies to herself every time that she doesn’t enjoy what we do to her, even this.” The fingers of one hand lowered to a welt across the top of your buttock, reiterating what Ren meant by ‘this’. Your core clenched, and you did your best to pass off the small whine that slipped past your lips as pain. Instead of fighting allowing Ren’s words to sink in, deeper, allowing them to numb you, to shamed emptiness. Ren however choose to display all of Hux’s closeted vulgarities; rutting shamelessly against your hip. There was the wet sound of kissing in your ear, both men groaning as they gave into each other; their hair tickling you as they moved their heads. Ren had clearly spoken aloud what you already knew; making you ashamed of your body, of how little control you had over it. But thankfully neither men addressed that, leaving you to stew in your self-loathing; hating they could do this to you. Whist you come to them as a virgin; it had never been a state you would cling to. You had always been taught sex was to be enjoyable, nothing to be ashamed of; yet here they were, able to invoke that sense of shame. You hated that they could play your body so expertly; that inside you would be fighting the desire to beg for more, whilst outwardly pleading for them to stop. But it was the only touch you knew, there had been no one before them, and now it seemed hardly likely, that there would be no one after them. Fresh tears trickled down your cheeks, that ignored by yourself and your masters, fell in drops onto your chest. You hated how useless you had been, how defenceless they left you. There was an annoyed shifting of weight behind you, almost indiscernible and Hux sounded an irritable huff; his clipped reply even had Ren flinching, hurrying to wipe away the moisture, trying to please his master. “The why does she insist on crying practically every time, hasn’t she learnt by now?” Inside you the anger threatened to bubble up and consume you, and it took a moment to gain control, to prevent yourself lashing out again. You wanted just to let it go, to demand an explanation, but you knew better. Hux stepped back, and as though in warning, the stings of the crop awoke, with a fresh swipe at your lower bottom. “You’re not thankful for my leniencies though, are you Pet?” You didn’t know how to reply; Hux’s question hardly needed an answer, he knew how his treatment of you made you feel. You held onto your silence, worried that you had overstepped the mark, by staying quiet; or had you just got it all plain wrong? How and in what way was he lenient? Day in day out you were tortures, this physical torture was nothing; you would take pain over humiliation any day. “But I can make you sorry.” You again gave into your anger, unable to hold it back, nothing either of them could do to you, could make it any worse. Nothing was worse than their reminders that they had so brutally stolen your innocence from you, and Hux had even told you he wouldn’t allow you to be killed. Obviously; you could never disappoint him enough, though what you had ever done to please him so much, you didn’t know either. Even the physical attack on him, hadn’t moved him to end you. You waited, teeth gritted, once again determined to hold out from screaming, this time. “Then do it.” Your voice was neutral iron, neither a taunt, nor a plea; simply put an acceptance of what he could do to you. There was another snap of leather; and then you felt it. It was like a thousand more kisses of fire branded into your skin, each a fresh warning you to let go of your anger. You hadn’t learnt, not the lesson Hux clearly wanted to teach you, but you had learnt to guard your tongue. It only took another three, each swatted against alternative ass cheeks, to relax, all the while reminding yourself that there would be no real damage done by the crop. That had already been done, and far deeper than any physical cut. Your gamble earlier on Hux, wanting you to thank him, clearly wasn’t enough, and you had learnt that the hard way. No; he wanted you to no longer visibly fight him, and when he finally stopped you held your head lower, not in shame but in contrition. Kissing the leather loop that he brushed against your lips; before murmuring both your apologies and your thanks for his leniencies. That seemed to have paid off with him, and you consoled yourself that in this case it was better to lie, to feed him the shit he so obviously craved. Though foolishly you hadn’t counted on Ren, on his need to please his master, and to keep you balanced on a knives edge. Where you were never allowed anything, no matter how small and insignificant, just for yourself? Even your thoughts were as subject to their scrutiny, as your body was. “She hasn’t submitted to you; she’s playing for time.” His voice had dipped impossibly lower, displaying more from his nonchalant comment, than perhaps he intended. It was somewhere between a snarl of protection for Hux, and that of dominance over you. It was an instant reminder, that he too got off on your discomfort. His mouth so close to your ear, that you couldn’t mistake the breathlessness in his voice. It made you wonder if he took the same pleasure from his own marks on his body, as those on you, he certainly made no pretences, to hide the effect yours had on him. Slow measure clipped strides rang out, as Hux moved away across the hardwood floor, making you anxious for what would come next. There was a louder click; your high-strung nerves making you jump, before you realised it was suggestive of the crop being replaced. Hux returned, and a hand was placed deftly between you and Ren, you could feel it stroking against his naked chest. He took the time to ensure you knew he was tender with him, another taunt, a poignant reminder that this was something you could never have. The knuckles of it caught on your sore skin, as they brushed lower, almost coming in contact with the fabric of your pants. Then came the sound of fasteners slowly opening, the thick hot smearing of precum against you hip as Hux freed his cock letting it swing heavily against you, throbbing and hard as iron. There was a brush of leather clad digits, encircling his cock in reward for the information he fetched him. Holding him, both ready and waiting, literally in the palm of his hand. “Good boy, and what else is she thinking?” Ren’s fingers pressed obediently to your silk bound temple; his hips rocking minutely, trying to coax Hux into offering him some relief. You gritted your teeth, both against his crudeness, and what was to come for yourself. Each vertebra of your spine; tensing ready waiting, understanding as much as he did; that Hux would move when Ren delivered. You told yourself you were ready, for the blinding pain that would come when Ren invaded the sanctity of your mind again, and when it didn’t come quickly; you still dared not relax. Steeling yourself, ready to grant him admission, telling yourself that he was just toying with you, as much as Hux was him. Hux pressed noisy kisses, of encouragement against Ren’s flesh. Both men knew you were tensed tight with fear, and no doubt sought to prolong the agonizing wait, furthering their perverted lust. The muscles of your shoulders, were near rigid with stress, and already your head was beginning to throb in protest. All this just at the fear of the pain, how much worse then would the pain be this time? There was a brush against your forehead. Ren’s fingers combed the loose tendrils of hair back. Slowly easing them, from the perspiration damp against your brow, before they settled against your other temple. Gently Ren’s ox head was lowered to your own, his breath steady and deep tickling against your lips. Hesitantly you wet them; furious with his mock kindness, whilst steeling yourself. It wouldn’t be long now, and he had your entire body shivering, in anticipation of what he was about to do for his Emperor. You didn’t want to endure that again, the pain or the defenceless invasion; but you knew you were powerless to stop it. The brush against your mind, was not forceful like it had been the night before, but slowly settling like a snowflake on water, softly melding into you. Mist like as it settled gently against the layers in your mind, not at all the talons that had forcefully ripped into you, the night before. It shocked you, that he could be capable of this gentleness, when everything else he had ever done was so brutal, so forceful. You knew he was there, inside your head, but not from any pain. Rather there was a steady pressure there, created mainly from the rush of thoughts plucked forwards. All seemed to involve a moment between the three of you, either partnered with one, your thoughts of them when alone or all together. But there was more; it was like he was under your skin, you felt him there, beneath the surface, boiling in wait for something, as more images were considered, each one weighted against his own merits for truth. “She’s frightened you will hurt her, but more so of her reaction to it. Although she’s learnt to ignore it, her body is almost humming with desire.” “I know that Ren, I can see all of that! It’s what I don’t know, what I can’t see that concerns me.” Hux’s voice was snappy, and strained; making you wonder what he could possibly think you hid from him. You felt, more so than heard; the unsteadiness to Ren’s breathing. Clearly he hated being reprimanded, by Hux too; but obviously was happy to willingly endure it. He gave a hum of thought, before more thoughts were pulled to the forefront of your mind. Some were too quickly picked over to register what was happening, many you even took to be suggestions to you. Each image was lewder than the last, as he not only listened but felt for your body’s reaction. There was a push of what you guessed was a memory from Ren into your mind; this one warm and fuzzy around the edges. Beneath the silken mask, you frowned to yourself, as much confused by yourself as by his need to show you something you felt to be so intimate between him and Hux. So close was his mouth, that the low groan from Ren vibrated against you, tickling your lips. It made you realise he had not only seen, but felt your poor attempts to conceal your bodies reaction to them. The image he shared of Ren, balls deep in Hux’s ass, was hardly the most extreme or headiest of sex scenes, you could have been shown by him. But something about the sight of the normally composed Hux unravelling under Ren, whilst he also fed your body the sensations he had felt, at the time into your psyche, aroused you. You bit your lower lip, furiously remonstrating with yourself for wanting to see, to feel more of it from Ren. You had been immersed in a layer of emotiveness, shown to you that you knew you had always craved, one that both men were clearly capable of, just not to you. You knew it was something this war had stolen from you, and you wanted that. More so than even your freedom. There had never been any time to forge any closeness with another, during the war, and whilst others had taken quick tumbles with one another; you had declined. Desperately holding out for that someone special, telling yourself that once the war was over, you would make time. You shook your head sadly as though to dispel the sadness. Instead of victory and a slow recovery from the horrors of war, that choice had been taken from you, and now Hux used Ren to mock you for it. Inside, you were a boiling river of rage, one that you held back, crushing down into hopelessness, bargaining with yourself to stay calm. When you had cautioned yourself to numbness again, you opened your sightless eyes. Allowing them to drink in the soothing darkness and anonymousness of the blindfold. Later when you were alone you would give into your anger, and despair, here you would tempt no more wrath from them. “Nothing, she knows nothing, her attack was personal, nothing more.” Somehow you had passed whatever test, they had thrown at you. It startled you, to think you may have somehow won a round in this latest battle. There was a grunt of recognition from Hux, though you didn’t really hear it. Too lost in your confusion, as Ren slowly pulled from your mind, stupidly allowing yourself a moment to gloat. “Such a good boy for your master, now proceed as planned.” So, you hadn’t won. They had; in their endeavours to keep you once again, oblivious to them. It left you gobsmacked when Ren whined again in pleasure, at Hux’s praise of him, amazed that a man so powerful as Kylo Ren would need to seek validation in another. It gave you a further insight into them, as a couple, as much as Ren’s sharing of their intimacy had. The hand cupping Ren’s cock jerked, swirling as it ran the rigid flesh, and the noise he gave now was louder. He pressed his lips to yours, and woodenly you kissed him back, dutifully allowing his tongue entry into your mouth though you did not return the attention on his. It ran over yours, trailing the roof of your mouth, before he would give in to the understanding that you were declining his inattentive kiss. His hand gripped the back of your neck, pulling you rougher to his mouth, bruising your lips as he crushed his own against you. Still you waited, sulkily refusing to give in, waiting for him to command you, knowing that it was the only small protest you could make. “It’s the same whether I demand you to or not, you will kiss him. One way will just be less unpleasant to you.” It had been Hux who demanded attention for his consort, and fingers stroked over you, probing each red stripe, searching for one that would make you hiss loudly in pain. They found it, pressed into a welt mark over your shoulder blade, and you shuddered, both from pain and fear. It was not what he was capable of, doing to you, that scared you, but what your body was, what it could take from that pain. It was more of a warning to you, than any verbal threat, or admittance of what he was capable of if you refused. But you had gotten your command, and breath juddering with acceptance; you gave in at that, allowing yourself to kiss Ren back, berating your body for its song of need. The fingers that brushed the sloppiness of your sex, slipped inside without preamble. You opened your legs wider, Hux’s fingers you realised pushing and pulling inside you, scissoring you open. If you could have, you would have grasped the arm that held your waist for support. Instead you dug your nails into the palms of your hands; needing to clench tight against the rippling spasms Hux created with his fingers. You were so wet; that to your shame, a third, and then a fourth finger slid in with ease. They pumped slimy, wet noises into the room, making your face heat to a colour that matched the scarf above it. Just how was it they knew how to have you like this, your body desperate for more as Hux pulled the slickened fingers from you. One was placed at your lips, you parted them, letting Hux place the evidence of your arousal against your tongue, letting you taste the evidence of what he could be force achieve. A tongue ran the seams of your puckered mouth; flickering over Hux’s knuckles, to gather what taste he could, sucking each other slickened digit into their mouth; groaning as he tasted them. It sent a stab of longing to your cunt, and then less than a click later, one of shame to your stomach. At once the fingers left you mouth, pinching your chin, to raise it once more, forcing you to stand proud as he kissed the side of your collared neck. “Pet, give in to it. This is no war to be won, and if it were; you’ve lost so many battles you may as well enjoy losing this one.” You sniffed; he was neither kind, nor cruel in his suggestion to you; simply practical. He ordered Ren to take you, and he did, lifting one leg to burry himself into you in one fluid thrust. It burnt a little, even with Hux working you open for you. You expected his relentless pounding to begin, but it didn’t. Instead he ground into you, pushing for that final millimetre, that made you clench as the smooth skin, of his cock head rubbed over your cervix; keeping himself balls deep, rubbing himself in tiny little circles inside you. It rubbed on the stiff skin of your clit with each pass, and inside you the clenching grew firmer, more frequent as you waited almost impatiently for him to fuck you. If the fullness of Ren’s cock had made you feel stretched, the finger slid in beside it, made you feel stuffed. You gasped, amazed that he could fit a second in there, overwhelmed at how full you felt. They moved inside you, whilst Ren kept his cock still, buried inside of your velvet channel, pumping slowly, swirling and hooking back, forcing your ass higher. He took them from you, muttering aloud his obscenities about your tightness; of how your cunt walls gripped him. The second time he replaced them inside you, you had worked out he was using your juices to cover his cock. The sticky shaft brushing your ass cheek as he gathered his final offering of your precum, to anoint his cock with. You expected then as his fingers gripped your hips, to have him split open your ass with his shaft, and you took in a breath, ready to scream against the pain. You should have known better, Hux in a strange way kept care of his things; and you seemed to rank amongst his favourites. His cock pressed to the hole already in use by Ren; and slowly, rocking his hips he began working his way in to join Ren there. It was all too much, he was too much it would never fit, and frantically your tried to shift away from him, as in defence your pussy tried clamping closed. “Fuck.” Was the first auditable noise Ren gave. Before gripping tighter on your leg, nuzzling his head into your neck. His breath hot and heavy, brushing goose pimples into your skin, sucking wet pops against your flesh before speaking, his voice serious in its assumed concern. “Don’t fight it, relax little one, it will hurt if he has to force you.” It had the opposite effect to the one Hux wanted, and you closed tighter around Ren. Your body determined not to let the intruder in. The growl of reprimand from Hux, was probably more to calm you than, warn Ren. “Ren, stop playing games!” A chuckle from Ren, made you realise he was teasing you, wringing some extra amusement for himself, out of all of this. Behind you, Hux stilled the rocking of his hips, pressing kisses against your spine. His fingers rubbing soothing circles into your hips, working up and over your sides and tummy; as he coaxed you back from your panic. He knew your fears, he was going to ruin you, the crop, had been just a taste, the real punishment was for him to open you so far up that you’d never be of use to anyone again. “You can take it; this is built for far larger passengers, than our cocks.” Your neck swivelled back to him, a pointless act since you couldn’t see him, but he understood and Ren could hear your worries. The kiss that followed was slow, a hand cupping your breast, another to your sex, the two fingers slipping between you and Ren, to rub over your swollen clit. It relaxed you, enough for Hux to slowly feed the rest of his cock inside you. You had expected more pain, not this breathless fullness, and unable to even think you rolled your head back, letting it land on Hux’s shoulder. The wordless cry as he sheathed fully inside you was their signal to move; and they rutted slowly, careful not to hurt you groaning amongst a spluttering of expletive punctured praise for you. Their mouths were everywhere they could reach, on you and each other wet noisy smacks, tongues slivering to taste skin and sweat. Their hands gripped you bruisingly tight, and more than one nail punctured your skin, in their efforts to keep themselves grounded enough not to hurt you. Over and over they thrust; the stretch inside you forcing the ridges of Ren’s cock to saw over your clit, and the mounting pleasure from the burn of being so split open, was exquisite in it intensity. It hit you hard, blinding stars exploding like fireworks in your head, as you bathed their cocks in your cum. There was no respite, two more thrusts and impossibly you felt your pleasure mounting again, your arms screaming in protest, against the arching of your back when it took you. Strong deft hands took hold of your raised biceps, rubbing along the muscles, pressing life back to the aching muscles. There was a clink, and your arms flopped forwards; making you panic as you realised, your entire body was no longer supported by the chain from the ceiling. You wrapped them around Ren’s neck, your body an emotional wreak, as the men supported you. Your own arms, weakly clinging onto whatever and whomever you could, and lost entirely to pleasure you gave into yourself. Was it the darkness of the blindfold, the anonymity it gave you that let you press your mouth to the first set of lips offered to you. Boldly exploring it with your tongue, biting on the plump lower lip as it gave a growl against your mouth. A chuckle of genuine warmth, and you were pulled back to Hux, his own mouth, mewling into his mouth as a swirling sensation at your clit tipped you into your third orgasm. “Can you manage one more for us pet?” Hux’s voice had taken on a tone it never had before in your presence for you; pride you realised. There was no tenderness or emotive response, just finally an acceptance that you may have lived up to his strict expectations. Humming your permission, as much as your willingness, you nodded against his mouth, his teeth firm and demanding as they nipped towards your ear. You were already so close that one more you could manage, you told yourself, as he nibbled at your earlobe, pushing aside the threatening soreness from overstimulation. Hot and cold shivers ran your spine, like electricity, telling yourself you were close anyway, you may as well give in as have it forced from you. Concentrating, not on the men, but instead on the increasing pressure building, against the cocks inside you. You had expected to come quickly, each of your other orgasms had been swift to claim you, but instead you teetered on the edge each thrust feeling like it should be the last. It was pure agony, torturous to be edged like this, Ren, had done it before, and then you had held out, pride and disgust at yourself ensuring you silently endured it. This time your resolve not to beg was shattered on the fifth stroking of their conjoined cocks inside you, begging first to Ren and then remembering who pulled the strings Hux, to let you cum. He must have given permission,: and with a wordless screech you were given over to your final orgasm, your cunt walls grinding their cocks against one another in its intensity. A command from Hux, had you realising that Ren too had held himself back, the permission granted from Hux sending him throbbing, to join Hux in their own synchronised wordless oblivion. They panted against you, both cocks plastering your walls with cum. Holding you whilst they slivered their cocks from your empty cunt, gently. Tentatively you reached a hand to feel yourself, shocked at the mess they had created of you. You were covered in cum, theirs and yours and it dripped almost as low as your knees. Your tired legs could hardly hold you anymore, and they shook ready to give way. With the help of them, you slowly you sank to your knees, lowered by two sets of hands to the floor. You dared not remove your blindfold, and so you wordlessly waited on bended knees, hands outstretched to the floor before you to support yourself. Unsure now if you had learnt the lesson Hux had given, silently they went about their business, stopping only to remove your blindfold when they were once more pristine. Genuflected like this to them, they looked more imposing than they had ever before. There was something of triumph in Ren’s expressive eyes, whilst Hux’s remained their stoic cold blue. Had you pleased them? The heaved chests that had held you longer than strictly necessary had seemed to find at least satisfaction there. Briefly you wondered if it was all really that bad; until reminded by a throb of protest of soreness in your used cunt. You touched two finger to it, worried that they really had stretched you too far; you were too inexperienced in their choices of copulation. Ren crouched to you, his immense frame, still managing to dwarf you, even like this. He tilted his head to one side, and already the flames kindled, incensed by another invasion of you. “Nothing will leave you ruined little one, what use would you be to us if you were?” Behind him Hux laughed, obviously amused by your worry and Ren’s exposure of it. You gritted your teeth, against it, refusing to look as he busied himself tidying up the room. He carried something from the wardrobe, walking over to join Ren, squatting to join him. “Such an innocent little pet, and what a silly thought. You’ll be as tight as before next time we fuck you.” You lost it at that, raising your eyes to him, cheeks warmed by the fire in your eyes. You dared not scream your answer, though inside you were simmering, ready to explode. He spoke so casually, of his treatment of you, mocking you for your fears, as though unfounded. You were innocent, you had been fetched to him as an innocent just for him to exploit that. You should hardly be teased for your misunderstandings of their preferred more niched sexual acts. Again indifferent to you, he held out the bundled cloth, and you took it, muttering your thanks as you slipped it around your shoulders. How you didn’t try and gouge his eyeballs out you didn’t know, but you managed it, swallowing it down, pocketing it somewhere for later. His eyes still icy indifference as he watched you fasten the belt of the robe around you, his voice just as cold and hard. “Better." Notes: There may be a tiny bit of plot evolving, though I will not apologize for the shameless smut. I thank god, sometimes for the anonymity of the internet, lol Chapter 5 Summary: This is again a double posting, followed by a single chapter. So 3 at once, I'm sorry for the wait. I am on with other updates, but have been so busy, and in the back end of nowhere sorry xx You had always known your handmaidens reported everything back to Hux; so why would your period be any different. You had awoken in the middle of the night. Your lower abdomen cramping in protest, to find your white sheets soaked through with a smearing blood and mucus. In truth though, the pain had been overshadowed, by the relief that you bled. Like everything else a choice of which birth control, was something you had no say in. You didn’t even know if they even allowed you any? At your lowest points, you had allowed yourself to indulge in the almost pant wetting terror that you would be forced to carry one of your captor’s child. Or worse yet, have that decision taken from you too, either was their ultimate violation of the sanctity of your body. It was too late to wake someone, and you didn’t know how to. Never having needed to, you enjoyed this time, not so much the sleeping, that was hard enough to do most nights, it was more that this was only time you were likely to be left alone. Normally after your nightly rituals, the servants would leave you tucked up in bed. Not even bidding you good night, they would with wordless looks command you to stay in bed. Dimming the lights to a lovely velvety darkness, as they pointedly left you locked in your room. You would lay there for hours, unable to sleep, planning both impossible revenge and escapes. Counting your worries, to yourself as though they were sheep, crying yourself to sleep. Now it was impossible to stay in bed, the sheets were too wet, too soiled to sleep on; and your womb angrily throbbed, demanding its pain relief. You considered shouting for the guards, to wake someone for you, dismissing that idea as silly; you were perfectly able to care for yourself, you could make do until morning. Quietly you slid from the bed, surprised when you murmured a commandment to, that the lights to flickered to life. You kept the setting very low, lighting only your huge refresher but leaving the door ajar to illuminate the bedroom as you gathered clean night clothing and bedding. It was not from shame of your condition, periods were a perfectly normal part of your life, but also something you had always kept discreetly to yourself. It was for privilege of your privacy, that you didn’t want every aspect of your life reported back to Hux, tomorrow was soon enough. Closing the door behind you, you dropped your soiled nightdress onto a nearby chair, activating the taps in the bath. Your fingers brushed along the bottles of toiletries, choosing bath soaps, of for once your own choice, selecting them on possible soothing qualities not fragrance. True there were no drugs available to dowse your pain, but you hope that the heat of the water and the aroma of the oils, might somewhat help. You resolved you would ask for pain relief only when they came for you in the morning. For now, you would keep your body a secret, hoping that they would be generous and give you both drugs and privacy. The only reason they were not stocked in your quarters was that Hux knew; you would have availed yourself of them all by now. Anything you could seriously harm yourself on, was locked tight, safe from you. They were taking no risks, for themselves and for others around you. The soaps they left out were not those in the more expensive glass vials and even the mirrors were of a kind that would not shatter or brake, everything even slightly dangerous was kept safe from you. Quietly, you slid into the warm water, breathing in deep; the fragrant water, enjoying the quiet and the solitude, and the choices so rarely offered to you. You wondered why you had never thought to do this before, to allow yourself time alone in your quarters, to enjoy the seclusion. It would be such a simple thing to do; to allow yourself some pleasure in your otherwise torturous existence. But you had always seemed too exhausted, either for the nerve wracking waiting, or from the agony of being used. Pressing your hands against the plains of your stomach you rubbed, stretching your abdomen, trying to aid the water in dispelling your cramps. You should have known, or at the least guessed, that you were not to be left alone for long. The doors to the bedchamber slid open, and a horrified gasp rang out, before being silenced, by a sharp foreign command. There were two of them you realised, as one handmaiden burst into your refresher room, glaring at you; the other clearly sent to report back, or to fetch reinforcements. At first you looked apologetically at her, eyes wide in the shame of being caught out; before the sudden heat of anger made you reasonable again. You were a grown woman, not some child to be chastised for being out of your bed on a night. So, you ignored both her attempts to move you, and her pointed looks of rebuke. Even when she gestured back towards the bedroom; an obvious demand for you to return to bed, you chose to close your eyes, settling into the heat of the water once more. Sensing you were not going to listen, she pulled the plug from the water, leaving you high and dry surrounded by bubbles in the otherwise empty tub. Still you refused to open your eyes, adamantly keeping them closed despite the chill in the room. Not even opening them to the verbal command, in your own language that you return to your bed. That had shocked you, but also granted you a valuable insight, to the capabilities of your maids, they could speak basic. It had taken all your will power not to open them in shock alone, or to grin your triumph, but you managed it. Unwittingly she had granted you with the knowledge, that they all could not only understand basic, but could obviously speak basic too. Desperate and annoyed at being ignored; she slapped you, the noise of it more shocking to you than the act itself. But it achieved her desired effect, making you open your eyes in time to see the other handmaiden returning. It was not the returning servant that disturbed you, or the shock on her face that you had been struck; rather it was who accompanied her. It appeared that either the protocol for you being out of bed; was to summon Kylo Ren, or that they had thought you missing and ran to get him. He looked flushed, eyes bright with exertion, the rise and fall of his chest, slightly faster than normal. Making you wonder if he had ran here, or if you had disturbed something else, something between him and his beloved Emperor Hux. Slowly you stood to face what was undoubtedly a new punishment. The reasoning behind your nocturnal bathing dripping slowly and humiliatingly between your thighs. Your arms were wrapped around yourself, more for the warmth and comforting security than anything else. He had seen you so cruelly displayed naked, than it was second nature to be undressed around him now. Though as his gaze settled lower you wished you were still covered by the water. Mixed in with a snarl of annoyance, there was a horrible feral hunger there in his gold flecked eyes. Wordlessly he raised his hand, eyes locked on yours, whilst he used the Force to silently command the handmaiden who had slapped you, towards him. He was very clearly pissed off at you; his eyes now less desperate than they had been on his arrival, more the hardened steel of a killer again. It made you wonder if he had thought to find you in a different state, or just missing, was getting a bath alone that dire a mistake? He clearly disliked being disturbed so late, and for such a meaningless reason probably made it worse. It was a moment before he turned to look at her, head tilted, lips pursed in thought as he silently considered, whatever failure she had wordlessly delivered him. She was just as terrified of him as you were, and you felt a moment of horribly savage, petty satisfaction that she knew you took pleasure from that. You touched your fingertips gingerly to the warm mark on your cheek, probing it gingerly for damage. She had managed to hit the same side as Hux had, and the pain more throbbed than stung from setting off the complaints of the old injury. No, you groaned inwardly, it still wasn’t right to take satisfaction from her discomfort. It was never right to sink to the levels of depravity that your captors did; it was a vile and disgusting thing to do, and you were better than that. Reminding yourself that his anger could swiftly turn to you, you dared look back at Ren; meeting his gaze squarely, softening your features. He knew what you were asking for, he didn’t need to you ask to spare her life, but you did so anyway, guilty that this bloodshed was all your doing. Over and over you apologised; you shouldn’t have been out of bed, what was a soiled sheet and stomach pains to her life? Her face was slipping from red to violet and her mouth desperately tried sucking in air, as her legs kicked feebly, dangling beneath her. A snap sounded and all at once she stopped shaking, going limp and lifeless in his grip. He let her body go, and watched impassively as it fell to the floor, as lifeless as a rag doll, tossed aside like yesterday’s garbage. Stepping over her prone corpse he came forwards, eyes fixed on your own terrified orbs. You promised not to do it again, realising death was much more a scary prospect when it came for you, than in your head. It would be your turn next you realised, as he stalker closer to you; pausing only to turn his head and summon the remaining quaking handmaiden forwards. He gave what sounded like a clipped order to the handmaiden. Again, in the language you couldn’t speak or understand and she hastened to it. No doubt grateful to be alive, turning to flee the room as Ren swivelled his attentions back to you. His eyes once more roaming your naked body settling on the gap between your thighs, wordlessly trying to make up his mind over something. That’s when it hit you; none of the women who attended you would normally have to deal with him, and certainly not these two underlings. They would be the lowest in the pecking order, and not a suitable choice for fetching Ren. They had obviously been placed on the night watch which meant somehow you were watched all the time; and you tried not to look for hidden cameras or sensors. Any chance of a disruption to their nocturnal activities, must be deemed less obtrusive than their superiors. Then why had one dared to run for Ren? It would make sense, that the more superior staff should have been woken well before he was disturbed. Making you highly suspicious of him being here now, did he too have an alarm system in place if you got out of bed? You felt more naked under his gaze than you had ever felt before, caught like prey in a search lamp you froze, trying to remember where the towel was. One was thrust gently into your arms, by the returning handmaiden and you took it. Wrapping it around yourself; as the remaining handmaiden offered you her hand, to assist you from the wet slippery tub. “Ren you’ve been a while. Is everything alright, is she okay?” You were startled, both by Hux’s voice, and his sudden appearance, besides Ren. There was normally more fanfare. The conscious Handmaiden froze wide eyed, and discarded your hand dropping suddenly to her knees. It confirmed your suspicions that no one had sent for Ren, and certainly not for Emperor Hux, more details would have been given and if either man had come, as usual to fuck you then, why the concern? Deciding that they must have simply wished for your presence late on, and then Ren seeing the blood on the sheet; had stalled disappointed, taking too long to return to his master. But why then the seemingly genuine concern. Both appeared experienced around women, surely had had either seen or knew enough of what happened to expect you would have to bleed at some point? Your captors were still dressed in ceremonial day garb, even at this late hour. Ren in his dark functional robes, and Emperor Hux the decorative and less practical, white and gold imperial garments he wore for audiences. They must have just come from an official event, or show of power and both thought to avail themselves of your body. How much of a waste of time then was it for them you thought, trying to keep your face devoid of any flicker of that process of smug thought to them. You would be of no use to them now, you thought with such content; you were finally unable to hide your smirk. “Pet?” There was an edge to his greeting that was a warning, making you realise that you had been too taken over with your self-satisfaction. You realised with a jolting sense of panic; that you too had forgotten to drop to your knees, but it was too late now to address that failure. Hux flicked his cold eyes over you, the blue irises lingering on the blood trailing down one leg. He allowed himself a small flicker of some unknown emotion, when he looked at first sadly towards Ren. Then steeling himself once more, the blank stare he normally wore, when he looked back at you. There was another pass of that discomfort across his features and appearing to consider something, before turning to look once more intently at Ren. You had begun to suspect that more than emotions and vague feelings, slipped through their soundless stares. Knowing from whispered tails of the Jedi of old; that they could talk to people like this. There was talk of them even creating Force-bonds with them, tying themselves on some elevated emotional bond with another. Was that what Ren had done with Hux, were they now passing across thoughts, cursing their bad luck at finding you soiled? Hux was giving in more to anger, it wasn’t there on his face, but displayed in tiny shifts of movement to his back and shoulders. Standing straighter as thought to steel himself ready, the annoyance echoed in his lover’s stance of ready-meant. You again considered kneeling; this time you even tried to. Gathering up the bottom of the long white towel to let you lower yourself. You were fixated on his face, watching for any alteration in his mood, any small change that would pre-emptive any sudden risk for him. There was another shifting in his muscles, making you change your mind to flee back a step, as he came towards you, his arm stretched reaching out to you. The smooth soapy floor of the bath offered no grip, and you slid in the remainders of the bathwater, tumbling backwards. You would have fallen on your bottom and probably hurt yourself, if Hux had not of pounced on you. His fingers digging, almost painfully into the crook of your elbow, catching you at the last moment, stopping you from falling. The man had more strength than he looked to have, although you still expected him to drop you out of spite. You knew that from how he tossed you around, your bed, when it suited and you knew enough of your own strengths that you couldn’t fight him off if he did. So, you had no option but to trust him to right you, letting him set you down on the bath side. He waited for you to stand, keeping possession of your arm, only for as long as you stepped from the tub. Your hand now holding your towel closed. He made your skin crawl to have him behave so falsely caring around you. Of all the games he played, this was always the worst bit, the hardest to loose. It was the measured promise of hope that he might be lenient and caring that hurt the deepest when you lost. It ripped your dignity to shreds every time, but to not play was always worst; and so you struggled against your instinct to try to escape him. If your desire to struggle even registered with him; he choose not to show it. Holding you close enough that the blood on your thighs, threatened to stain the pale fabric of his clothing. His arm clasped tightly around your waist; fingers splayed over your lower back, another sickening parody of affection. You told yourself, you wouldn’t look at him, not wanting to give him the satisfaction of your confused distaste, of watching you fail. Oh, you knew he was watching you, you could feel the burn of his icy stare without looking, burning in to you; as he gave a command to the handmaiden to fetch medical help. Foolishly you, gave in and looked up at him, his hold on you never lessening. You seemed as much in puzzlement of his behaviour, as he seemed to be by you. How on earth had you managed to draw his frank, undivided attention; for once without it being to fuck you. If there was any arousal at your nakedness, he hid it from you well. Perhaps, instead it was frustration, he was after all most probably annoyed at finding you unusable? Almost you thought to ask him, why he stared. What had you done to interest him, but you lacked such bravery, both for the question and the answer. His eyes flicked over your cheek, his face still a stoic mask of professional patience, as he frowned at the reddening hand shaped mark placed over his fading bruise. He didn’t even look back at Ren, just you; as he gave the command to him, to remove the lifeless body of your handmaiden from the floor. Alone with you Hux’s finger brushed aside the steam dampened locks of hair that slipped from your night braid. Cooing to you, he rubbed the backs of his knuckles over your cheek, and you tried not to shudder, under the kiss he placed to her handprint. Your face was tilted more into the light, and he raised his top lip in a snarl as he studied the mark, pressing more kisses against it. Clearly he hated having anything on your body; he did not place, or request placing there himself. It certainly couldn’t be, despite his offer of apology at her hitting you, because of the actual pain. Ren gave a quiet grunt; the only sign that lifting the corpse from the floor, strained him. So, had the girl lost her life for the slap or was it more for speaking to you in your mother tongue? Either one seemed too harsher punishment, to your judgement. Now you hated yourself for your earlier glee, at revenge. Allowing the guilt to suffuse you, feeling sickened to your very core, for having enjoyed seeing her squirm. You told yourself again, and again in beratement that you were better than that. It disgusted you to have sunk to that a depth; to their depth of inhumanity. You knew that, whilst you hadn’t killed her; you would forever feel guilty for being unable to stop it. Just like the Resistance members you failed to save. Your stomach heaved, and you fled his arms. Hux realising you as nosily you deposited the small remains of your evening meal into a nearby waste-basin. The hands at your back were cool against your fever flushed skin, and as unexpected as the closeness he kept to you. At first you flinched against them, scared of the tight circles he pressed into your lower back, before realising that he meant for his actions to be soothing. It would never be soothing to you, to have this man show gentleness. It always came with an unknown price, and this scared you more than his harshness, ever could. He had obviously left something important to be here, only to find you unusable, and you wondered how and when the cost of that, would be taken from your body. You tiredly shrugged off his arm, and again he let you. Hux handing you water to swill your mouth clean of vomit, waiting as you brushed your teeth. Why the hell did he hang about, surely there were others he could use in this situation, better suited to his depraved tastes? Bitterness rose from your chest, a fresh wave of bile threatening to wrack your empty and already painful stomach. Stupidly you had allowed yourself a further moment, to wonder how they took them. Letting yourself dwell on scenarios and possibilities you knew you really, didn’t want to. He was The Emperor of the First Order occupied galaxy, and surely as Emperor he had a harem of men and women to serve him. There must be so many of them, so why then where you kept separate from them? Was it because he was gentler with them, or did he fear you would, try and harm them? Or worse, where they each as trapped, and unwilling as you were? With all probability; regardless of their status; he was just as perverted in his tastes with them. Though, if they were willing, would he show them more kindness, more freedom and rewards than you? A stab took you groin again and you winced, almost doubling over with the sudden sharpness of your cramps. It was not unusual to feel this level of pain with your menses; in fact, this wasn’t as bad as it could get. Hux kept up his repugnant show of concern, crooning softly to you, as he led you into the bedroom. You went with him, hoping he would either just go, or at the least get on with whatever game he was building you up to. He seated you onto a fresh, but neatly folded towel, placed to protect the fresh sheet from being soiled. Kneeling himself down before you, he lifted the hem of the towel, from your thighs. He was methodical in his checks of you, running his hands over the skin of your thighs, working higher to your sex. The blood on your thighs, and his earlier concern, made you swiftly summarise that, he was worried you may have found a blade, or someway of harming yourself. It was more concern for his prised whore, that you didn’t want. He was impossible of feeling true remorse if you did. Even by his own admissions, he often pointed out that he didn’t think you deserved, his worry. Clearly, the blood and the handprint; meant that to Hux, it would not do; for anyone but himself and Ren to hurt you. “This is normal, for you to bleed at this time?” It took a moment for you to register his question. If you knew what the date was you could have answered the question better, as it was you had no real understanding of how long they had kept you. “You mean is it normal for, a woman to have a period?!” You gave a short laugh at is stupidity, stopping at the stern look he shot you. Of course, it was normal for you to bleed, most women had periods, surely he knew that. Once calm you expected his hand to fly, or some measurement of pain; in some clever little punishment for you. It did not and the sceptical look, he gave you had you physically cowering, under his scrutiny. He pinched your chin, forcing you to look at him, lest you mistake the ire in his oddly animated eyes, or the warning in his tone. “You have done nothing to encourage this?” This time his voice was so stern; that you knew you would have lied even if you had. Gulping you swallowed down your horror; that he could be checking you had not been given contraceptives. You knew a moment of sheer and utter naked panic then, knowing the chances of you been given anything, or having a working implant, was so small. There was nothing in your body that would stop a possible pregnancy, and they exposed you to plenty of opportunities to conceive. Clamping your hands back to your stomach, you drew up your knees, your gut threatening to turn liquid inside you. You wished not for the first time to be far beneath his notice. Cursing yourself for the day you had volunteered to go next, you tightened up on yourself. Keeping your eyes steadily on him at all times, ready if he choose again to touch you, this time you could not bare it. He straightened up, and backed off. Keeping himself away from you, deciding instead to pace the room, as you watched him with a revolting, horrified fascination. Watching his clipped measured, movements for any signs of change. Waiting for the moment he would finally pounce on you, like a wounded animal urgently does its stalker. Chapter 6 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) So far he had not hurt you, not forced any perverse activities on you, but that was of small comfort. This whole set up was absurd; normal people did not act like this. They didn’t rape people, they didn’t keep people prisoner as sex slaves, and they certainly, didn’t put them at risk of being forced to carry their children. Surely even the First Order had its rules about prisoners of war? Probably only to put them to death, but that was better than this! Except there was no war anymore; therefore, you were not a prisoner, but a traitor. Nothing more than the spoils of war to these men, and with no one to protect you, forfeit as such to be treated as chattel. You were grateful when he stopped, that he came no closer than the end of your bed. Though you were ready if he did, and given this fresh knowledge; you would fight even harder to keep them off you. You would do everything in your power, if you couldn’t to avoid falling pregnant. Hux waited patiently, knowing you would try to act out in your panic; watching you back, all with a supposed calmness you could not understand. The man really was a psychopath, and Ren too was as bad, both of them feeding off each other, raising the daily anti until it had led to this. When his companion returned; he checked in first with Hux, bending slightly, to whisper something into his ear. They both looked back at you in unison, Ren rolling his shoulders, flexing his arms, before prowling speedily, over to you. You let loose your legs; pushing them out to meet him as he came close enough. They collided with a jarring shock, to his abdomen. But like the immovable titan he was; his muscles just absorbed the shock of impact, raising arm to toss the soaked energy back at you. He had been pre-empting it, knew this was what was to come. Rather than Hux’s approach to wait; he had decided to goad you into striking out at him. You felt the jarring of it run through your torso, flinging you onto your back, knowing at once that it was a stupid, and poorly timed mistake. A utter waste of your energies, what could you ever have done to hurt him? A flick of his wrist, and you were tossed over and onto your stomach. Held in place by unseen bonds, as he crawled over your spine. Adding to his Force-hold, one massive hand, pinning you down like an animal by your neck, adding your fear of him. You heard a quiet clip, then a slide of metal against metal, as he unclipped his lightsabre from his belt. Followed by the deafening roar of the activated sabre next to your ear. He brought it over your head, a fiery red beacon plunged straight down, and into the bed besides you. You screamed, as he slid it through the singed mattress, towards you, it’s blade humming, kicking off molten sparks of singeing energy. If he hadn’t of held so tightly onto your body; you would have crawled away, as it came closer to your face. “We came to see you were okay, and this is how you reward our concern?” He yelled his fury at you, spitting each word like poison at you. No, he hadn’t you told yourself sagely, it was just another game. They had come to use you; and then found you like this, they had no more concern for you, than you did them. How was it that your refusal to roll over and willingly let them take you; to use your body so cruelly, be seen as an act of betrayal. His hand mashed your face deeper into the bed, and you closed your eyes, to the blinding light of his sabre. Finally, you let loose the tears that formed there, feeling them singed to steam by the heat of the sabre. Mumbling your apologies to them through a heavy and thickly dry tongue, he finally let go of your neck, and you shuffled away, falling from the bed to the floor. Almost skinning your knees raw on the carpet, in your haste to escape his weapon. Hux’s hand caught in your hair; roughly wrapping your braid around his wrist. Using it to pull you up and onto your feet. He walked you back to the bed by it, holding you close as Ren deactivated the lightsabre, tossing it to the bedside table before kneeling beneath you. “Again, you are not sorry, and neither are you grateful for anything we give you.” The skin at your legs, was becoming tight with drying bloodied fluids, and you felt your stomach churn as Hux walked you over Ren’s face. His breath was warm against your sex, blowing colder where it met your slickened inner labia. What the bloody hell did you have to be grateful for? Everything they did, they did for them, not you. You had never asked for any of this. At once you were thrown forwards, Hux releasing your hair. You raised your arms, to uselessly try and catch yourself onto your outstretched hands, knowing you would fall. You didn’t, Ren clasped your thighs to his chest, catching you at the last minute to stop you from falling onto him. Still you struggled forwards, frantically trying to shake him, to climb forwards over his head, desperate to escape him. Holding your bladder against the fear of what they were going to do to you. At once you felt every muscle in your legs lock into place, and you gave up trying to scramble away. It would be a foolish worthless act, trying to fight the limbless arms that pinned you in place. Another boneless hand gripped your throat, the pressure tight but, thankfully loose enough to allow some breathing. “Finished, fighting me yet. Pet?” There was sarcasm in Hux’s voice, he was somewhere behind you still. He waited a moment to be sure you wouldn’t renew your struggles before he spoke again. Loosening his belt, from his trousers he slipping it along your spine, as much to watch you shiver under him in fear, as to explain his intentions to you. “Good. Now I don’t expect you to enjoy this as much as I will, but I do expect thanks for administering your correction. One way or another Pet, you will learn your place.” The hands at your legs slipped to needlessly wrap around them. Adding to the Force holding them in place for him. It prevented you from falling, at the first slap of the leather strap against your naked buttocks. It stung far worse than the crop had, and you prayed he wouldn’t hit you with it, as many times as he had the crop. Gritting your teeth your scrunched your eyes closed on each pass of the belt, the pain quickly making you scream. With your eyes open, you couldn’t see Hux, but you could Ren. You watched, completely appalled as his mouth trailing kisses over your stained thighs. Unable to tear away your eyes, you watched him, slowly and sensuously paid attention to the bared skin. Your arms pressed into the bed besides head, supporting the weight of your torso, with legs strewn and parted. The Force-hold on your throat kept you from being able to draw deep enough breaths, to give into panic, making you remain calm for him. Leisurely Ren’s mouth raised to your sex, sucking more gentle marks into your thighs. With your head lowered, you could see him clearly from this position. Trapped in place, as the black mop of curls and thick swollen, blood stained lips came closer. His eyes were hooded, thick with lust, as he kissed your outer lips, his jaw showing a splattering of your blood. It was impossible, that anyone would want to do, what he was threatening to do, and your face contorted in a snarl. Your stomach flipping, at what he was reaching to do. His lips parted, pursed to blow and at once you felt him release a slow steady stream of air across your pussy. “Please don’t, its gross.” He laughed, and as always his tone was dismissive of your discomfort. As though you were the one being silly, and un reasonably uncooperative, not them. “It won’t hurt me. It is completely natural pet, exactly as you would normally taste; but with blood.” There was a reply but your concern at what Ren was about to do to you, was quickly over shadowed by another hurt. Distracted by another painfilled swipe of the belt against you. At this he roughly drove his mouth into you, roughly drinking in the taste of you as hummed vibrations went through your core, as he flattened his tongue against you. He ate you with such relish, drawing out each pleasure filled moan into your sex, letting you know he didn’t find it at all distasteful. You shook your head; as much to your heated cheeks as his shameless brushing aside of your distaste. It wasn’t that you were ashamed of your body, quite the opposite. Your period was completely natural, and given Hux’s possible plans for you; for once thoroughly welcomed with open arms. But the idea of anyone wanting to place their mouth there, during your menses a time when you should abstain for sex, was not quite a pleasant one. Another pass of the belt, from Hux and Ren pressed closer to you, as your body jolted further onto his tongue by the force of the blow. He used the forced closeness, to push his tongue further into you, swirling into your slickened little hole. You gasped, digging your fingers into the bedsheets, your quiet mewling, turning into a scream of pleasure striped pain, as Hux whipped you again. Over and over the blows seemed to reign, and whilst you sobbed in pain from your ass; Ren groaned enthusiastically into your sex. Confusing your body as to whether it felt pain, or pleasure, whilst you screamed for Hux to stop. Pleading with him to end your punishment, promising to behave, if he would just let the next be your last. Whilst Ren kept up the steady flicks of his tongue, all the while ensuring his attentions to you, had the building pressure in your groin, intensifying to a throbbing need for release. Thanking him had worked before, and so after every swipe of the leather strap you began thanking him. Your eloquent attempts at pleasing him, descending to a simple thank you on every pass of the leather strap. A mantra to give yourself to, as between your legs Ren kept teasing you. Building you up to a frenzied peaks; before, switching his attentive tongue elsewhere. It was easier to cope with the beating, if you concentrated on that you realised. To dwell on the pleasure Ren gave you than the pain Hux did, it was far easier to take, than Hux’s beatings. If only your pride would let you accept that was to be your chosen lot in this new life of yours, then in a small way you might have won. It would give them a false edge on how you felt, whilst possibly ingratiating yourself into perks you could use to your favour. You couldn’t yet though, when you sunk that low into despair then you would, but for now you would get through tonight. “Are you close, Pet?” You gritted your teeth, refusing to dignify his question with an answer. Hux bloody well knew you were close, and he knew you had a proper name too. The belt landed on your ass again, forcing you to turn and look back at him. He was pristine, not a drop of dirt on him, not a loose hair, so unlike your own appearance. What hair was left in your braid, lay in sweat soaked curls against your back. The loose stands mixed in the mess of snot and tears that was your face. “Cum for me Pet, and I’ll make that your last blow.” It was a low blow, to offer you the choice of what you felt was the lesser of the two evils, and from the open expectant look he held, you gathered you were supposed to be thankful for it. You were not, between this and their need to treat you like some disobedient animal. You had nothing to be thankful for. At first you hadn’t minded his refusal to use your name, and the one they gave you. It gave you the option of shutting off, it let you pretend you were somebody else whilst they raped you. But now, when faced with little daily reminders on your body; Pet had become your name, as much a part of you, as your birth name had. It was impossible not, to associate it with you. Beneath you Ren swirled his tongue over your clit, a steady pressure that would at last give you the option to cum. Hux raised the belt, slowly trailing it over your hips, stroking the raised flesh. You could do this you told yourself as it was slowly lifted, you could cum. It wouldn’t be for him, and his perverse needs, it would be for you and your own relief. Ren’s tongue changed in tactics, just as your orgasm was mounting, and desperate not to feel another kiss of Hux’s belt you grabbed Ren’s head. Digging your fingers into his scalp, to hold him there as you ground yourself down on him, throwing back your head in your blessed relief. A low throaty chuckle, was the only sound that he was in some way, pleased by your willingness to behave for him, to finally comply with his instructions. The pressure on your legs dropped, and realising you were free and you crawled forwards, gasping unsteadily as you flopped onto your belly. Your ass stung, and even the air against it hurt, but strangely your womb seemed less virulent in its earlier complaints, the spasming pain almost soothed to nothingness. The bed dipped, and a body settled between your splayed legs, at first your instincts made you tense ready to shuffle to face him; but the pain of your posterior stopped you. There was no preamble, just fingers pinching your labia open, holding it like that. You blushed realising that he was humming, keeping open your cunt, to his observant gaze. There was a sharp intake of breath; and then the sharp noise of pursed lips spitting. You jumped as it had landed into your open sex. A pause and then another followed and then thick fingers, poking it inside you. You blushed deeper, closing your eyes as you realised they weren’t done with you. All at once you felt heavy weights against your body, holding you as you struggled uselessly beneath your Force-restraints. There came another shifting of the bed, and then the edge of silent breaths, slow and steady against your cheek as he spoke. “Pet.” When next you opened your eyes, Kylo hovered above you, expectantly waiting two fingers cupped. Once he had the attention he had waited for; he swiped the bloodied mess over both cheeks, wiping both his spit your fluids onto you. You were speechless; there was no words for the new low he had sunk to. Was he punishing you like a dog, rubbing you nose in your blood like he would an animal it’s messes. It was hardly your fault that his entire lower face was painted varying shades sanguine, plastered with your cum. He had made your body do that, why then did he have to smear it on your skin. Again, you wrinkled you nose at the depravity he would stoop to, that was. “Do you still think I’m gross Pet?” He had cut into your thoughts to tease you again, but you weren’t going to be caught out feeding his ego, by replying to him. Let him dip back into your thoughts, let him waste his energy on that, rather than having the information gifted to you. His eyes had closed to near slits, and he came closer, into your line of sight. Slowly breath deeper; he lowered his mouth to your skin. His tongue darting from his mouth running the thick mess, breathing in deeply as he traced each line of his fingers with it. You tutted at that, rolling your eyes at the pettiness, of his actions. Telling yourself not to respond, to let him taste it if he really wanted to, it wasn’t like you had to. Fingers returned to your sex; a thumb against your clit rubbing over the delicate still pulsing nub, as his middle finger slid effortlessly inside of you. Ren’s mouth slipped lower over your cheeks, and at once both your noise and your stomach protested at the strong smell of iron. It seemed to permeate the air between your faces, as he pressed his blood-stained cheek to your teared one. He knew you found his visage distasteful, and so it was hardly as surprise when he rubbed his cheek firmer, exchanging more fluids between both your skins. Across the room, Hux stepped to your line of sight, watching not your body, but your face. You found your eyes locked with his, his blue eyes blown black with lust, and his chest straining the fabric of his tunic. His lips parted, running his tongue over the bottom one, and for the first time ever you were struck by how attractive he was, how attractive both men were really. Surely with both their looks, and power there were women, both better suited to them, and willing to provide this service for them. Why then was it your humiliation, they chose to indulge in, was it really that awful to wish there was someone else to arouse this man so much? More than once, you had to berate yourself, for the rocking of your hips. A movement based on thousands of ears of human instinct, you told yourself more than once as you blushed furiously, biting your lip as you tried again for stillness. There was a shifting, Ren’s chest pressing firmer against your back, replacing the Force with his own honed muscle. You panted silently, stifling the noiseless moan that bubbled in your throat, as the practiced fingers slid from you. You held a steadying breath, praying the noise was inaudible at least to Hux, that your complaint had gone unnoticed. It had been so quiet, that even Ren couldn’t have heard it, but at once his lips parted, loudly and obnoxiously, echoing you. Again, Ren brought his finger to your face, and you screwed your eyes tight against the smearing of juices that was to follow. Appalled when instead it pressed to your lips. It was still covered in your blood, and you shook your head, drawing your lips into your mouth, in a flat out refusal to allow it into your mouth. “It really won’t hurt you pet, it’s all you.” He seemed to still think you the unreasonable one! You refused to open your mouth, and he rolled his eyes at you exasperated by your distaste. You expected him to force you, instead he just ran it along your lips; smearing them red, before lowering his own mouth to yours. You didn’t close your eyes as he kissed you, keeping them firmly on Hux, watching as he palmed himself, through the fabric of his trousers. You tasted the iron, mixed with bland saliva, and your precum; both on Ren’s lips and your own. The taste wasn’t as unpleasant as you had imagined, and when his tongue flickered against yours, you surprised yourself by allowing him admittance. Ren shifted, bringing a thigh between your legs, raising the knee to press it firmly against you. His hands softly skimmed your breasts, pinching one sensitive nipple between his fore fingers, rolling the beaded flesh between them. You closed your eyes against the hum that slipped your lips, telling yourself repeatedly, that it wasn’t your fault they did this to you. You reasoned with your guilt, promising to address it later when left alone to do so. “Do you like that, do you like what you do to him?” Hux’s voice was husky, and again you watched him. He seemed to enjoy watching his lover, with someone else. His pupils wide with his response to you practically humping, Ren’s muscular thigh. You didn’t, but you could feel the effect this was having on you. The slickness between your legs was thickening to more than just blood again, and as he yanked your hips up to press your clit firmer to him, you willingly held them there. It was stupid to fight them, far better not to fight them, to let them take you. It would both speed up what they did, and with any luck eventually bore them into leaving you alone, and so this time you let noise slip into your panting encouraging them. It was picked up, and the growl Ren gave into your neck was disconcerting, though you brushed it aside, pressing yourself against the clothed mound of his hardened cock. The look Hux gave you when you dared to look at him, was utter shock. Though he speedily replaced it with one of suspicion, leaning across the bed to pinch your chin. Holding you in submission as he searched your face for clues. The grip on your jaw tightened, as he snarled, coming to his own conclusions he ordered Ren to stop, commanding him away from you. You froze; were you now, to overt in your compliance. If so how; neither your vocal enjoyment, or your movements against Ren were anything near the vulgarities they indulged in. Frowning you pulled back to your knees, careful not to upset the settling pain in your groin. It confused you, was this not what they wanted all along? Or better yet, had the key to your freedom from them, been your compliance all along. Hux’s face was like thunder, and Ren’s was only marginally better, and you dropped your eyes to the floor, both unsettled and upset. “I am not that stupid Pet, so don’t play me for a fool.” If you could have found the answer to what he alluded to, you could have protested your innocence. Your mind went through every possibility of where you went wrong, settling eventually on your decision to just let go. Whilst the reasoning behind it had been cold and calculating, the actual enjoyment had been genuine. Hux, reached for his discarded belt; and at once, you reached forwards. Your arm outstretched to beg him not to, your body couldn’t take another round of that punishment. The plea died in shock on your lips as he slid it back onto himself. It was with the well-practiced air of a man at arms that he turned, and exited the room. Leaving you alone with Ren, and your ruined bed. He took only another moment or two to study you, head tilted eyes narrowed. If he chose to run through your thoughts with the Force, he did so painlessly again. Stopping long enough to use the refresher, returning carrying a glass of water. Two pills were placed on your tongue, pain relief he informed you, making you wonder if they were kept in the cabinets, or he had carried them ready for you? You were not given a chance to find out. He bid you farewell too, before he too left you alone. Your body no longer ached as badly, and you found yourself surprisingly disappointed at their hasty departure. Notes: Thank you for anyone who's stuck with this. I am genuinely seeing myself, going somewhere with this plot that I swore I never would in any story I wrote (Oh how times change lol) I just have to decide whether or not to just get on with it. Sort of ripping the tape off in one go thing. Chapter 7 Notes: The last of the three updates I have had for this on my computer for days. Thank you for talking and thank you all so much for your comments and kudos. It's really appreciated, and lets me know how others perceive my intentions/ the more subtle suggestions. You watched the closed door in the dark, for an eternity; not sure what you had done wrong. Was it finally over, and if so how much longer did you have, before Hux sent Ren to dispose of you? You vowed not to sleep, doing your best to clean up the mess of blood and cum, telling yourself you would be found serene, accepting of your face as a member of the former Resistance. They had made you so often in life, as a blubbering mess, that you were determined you would not go to your death as such. There was a scratching at the door, and jumping you looked blearily around you; momentarily confused. Your last vigilance, must have eventually given way to sleep, and now as the door opened you scolded yourself furiously, for being weak enough to have slept. You hoped you would look alert, and proudly you straightened yourself, ready to meet your fate. It came as a shock then; to find the usual bevvy of Handmaidens, at the other side of the open door, their leader giving orders to have you preened and ready. If you had thought them willing to risk answering you, you would have swallowed back the guilt, and asked what was going on. Instead you assumed, that they were making one last mockery of you, before presenting you for your execution. You again, looked your best when they had finished, and you waited as one by one they exited the room. This time leaving the youngest looking maiden with you. This was odd; you had never been left with company before. Just the bare walls of the room to entertain you, the passing of the sun in the skylight above, and your meal times to look forwards to. You both studied one another, with out speaking, and gathering despite her constant and passive stare she was here for the day; you settled down to waiting. By midmorning you’d had enough of her voiceless staring; and so, you tried talking to her. You hadn’t expected her to respond vocally to you, or even answer with a nod or shake of her head when you asked closed questions. But the stoic stare she kept up at you, was both unnerving and eerily obnoxious. Therefore; you were more relieved than usual, then when night time came, and with it a chance to be alone. The whole of the next week, was a repeat of the first. The only difference the slow rotating of the attendant they left with you. You were beginning to think yourself forgotten by your captors. Never before, had you been allowed this much recuperation, or amount of undisturbed time away from them. There was only your daily ritual of bathing, that suggested you were still of possible interest to Hux and Ren. That and the mattress had been replaced for a new one. That wasn’t for you, it was something they would need to avail themselves of your services. Something which you took as a subtle, but the larges yet, indicator that you were still here to stay. It was during the last few days of the second week that the time without them, began to lose its novelty. The conversation hadn’t exactly been titillating, but it had been better than this intolerable silence. The twelve night you screamed into your pillow, oddly frustrated by the lack of human contact, or any conversation. You had never thought yourself possible of missing Ren or Hux, but it would be lying to say a small part of you wouldn’t have welcomed their attentions right now. The next morning you found yourself, both annoyed by the subtle brushes of your attendant’s hands as they dressed you, and leaning into them, craving more of their touch. As wicked and unfeeling as they were, they were the only touch of humanity in all of this. Once again, you were primped and preened; left ready for use, alone but for the attending Handmaiden. The morning you had been able to restrain yourself for, holding back on the annoyance by imagining innovating ways to make their lives harder for you. But when the afternoon came you gave into the shortening fuse of your frustration; trying to draw her into conversation. She had of course, dutifully ignored you, though today rather than sulk at their petty following of order, you allowed anger to rule your actions. They always insisted on following you everywhere, and it was when she followed you into the refresher that you gave into it. You had avoided going all morning, and in general as little as possible. Not wanting to pee in front of her, you finally lost the careful hold on your anger. Your heavy bladder was forgotten, the indignity of having to piss, yet again to an audience was infuriating. What did they think you were going to do, there was nothing to harm yourself on, you wouldn’t be alone long enough. You yelled, not so much an instruction for them to leave you alone to your absolutions, as a wordless howl, expressing your frustration, looking around for a missile. The first thing you threw at her was the towel, then the pressed bath soaps. She dodged them all and finally, you chose one of the smaller glass jars of scented oils, they left unlocked whist you had an attendant. She knew better than to hit you back, it wasn’t worth risking a possible punishment, and well aware of that fear, you exploited it; taking out all your aggression, on the poor girl. You had just reached for the heavier glass jars, when the door swung open, Ren barging into the room. You still grasped the heavy jar guiltily between both hands, and around you lay a mess of oils and soaps. There was a crunch as he came closer; and the girl wisely backed out of the way. Trying to make herself invisible, as you cowered back towards the open storage cupboard. As though his presence wasn’t frightening enough, his voice dripped an even icy snarl of almost distain, whilst he looked over the wreckage of your refresher. “What exactly do you think you’re doing?” You swallowed hard, ashamed now at the pettiness of your behaviour, trying to ignore the reason for you being in this room. The anger that drove you to scream insults at your maid, died a slow death on your dried-out tongue, and you realised you were somewhere between fear and irrational shame. It had only taken one glance at the ire in his eyes, the brown more a gold flecked velvet black, at your behaviour. He was furious, and unlike Hux his anger was less predictive, him the more likely person to just lash out without warning. To hit you purely to express his own displeasure, and not in any way to give a to give correction. In all honesty, you had thought them both gone from the palaces. Or at the least too taken with other things to care about what you did. They had ignored you for nearly two weeks, why would you still think they bothered with you, that you still mattered enough. You struggled, but even the words for an apology wouldn’t come, instead you just shook in fear. He came slowly, deliberately drawing out the stalking, of his prey. It was supposed to intimidate you, but when he pressed up against your chest, you realised just how desperate you had been for any human touch. You melded to him, as he forced you back against the wooden shelves of your cupboard. Even his anger was welcome now, it was at least a genuine sentiment, and not the robotic, void stares of your daily attendants. Choking on the lump swelling inside your throat you blinked back your tears to whisper your apology. You hadn’t realised you had pressed your chest against his, nor that you had taken hold of his arm, until he pulled away disentangling your arms from him; holding each of your wrists aloft, a fist wrapped around each one. This time he was firmer, if it was at all possible more bite as he yelled, repeating his demand for an explanation. You flinched at that, struggling to hold on your bladder, screwing your eyes tight to give another choked whisper. “I don’t know.” You had no explanation for your actions. You could give ever reason leading up to you snapping and throwing the first item. But you couldn’t decide why you had done it, what exactly had you set out to achieve? “You don’t know?” His voice dipped so quietly, that you almost babbled an explanation. Cut off from that idea when he began a low growl of complaint, that rose steadily to a roar of chastisement. “You don’t know, why once again you take our generous hospitality and throw it back in our face.” His grip on your wrist tightened to beyond painful. The pressure passing through hard, and onwards towards terrifyingly bone braking density. His face pressed closer to yours, his lips pulled back in a snarl, that flicked spittle at you with every syllable. You don’t know why I have had to leave, your Emperor alone, in an important meeting with the new Zeltron ambassador. And all because you decide to act like a spoilt little brat, over being left alone, for a few days.” Beneath his grip and warning stare, the volume and force of his voice, made your bladder finally give out on you. Doing something you had never before done as an adult; you wet yourself. You face paled to a sickly white, as you realised you had lost control. Desperately you crossed your legs, to try and contain the warm liquid sliding down your legs, but it was too late, and as it splatted onto the stone floor. Ren stepped back, keeping hold of you, he raised an eyebrow, at you making it clear that this accident, had his full and undivided attention. It was possibly more mortifying than anything they had done to you, and you felt the blush beginning to rise from your neck. It ran a sickening heat across your face, suffusing your bloodless cheeks as more droplets trickled down to your sandaled feet. Your face tilted to the floor in shame, as hot tears prickled your cheeks. You felt wretched, and it was made worse not so much by the extra pair of eyes in the room; as the deep understanding he would have of your embarrassment. She would relay it back to the other handmaidens, they would all know you pissed yourself. Ren waited until you had finished, pointedly paying attention to you. “Really Pet; watersports are more your Emperor’s forte than mine.” The pale fabric of your dress was translucent with piss, and you wished the floor would swallow you whole. He knew exactly what to speak to make it worse, his voice too husky to be just jest at your awful situation. Would anyone really take seriously his suggestion that all this was for his attentions? He stepped closer to you, disregarding both the smell and damp puddle; to slot his knee between your leg. Pushing your hands to the wall he kept them pinned by your head, your eyes wide as he pressed a thigh to your sodden crotch. The attention he showed your neck, was no more than a small selection of light kisses, as he rolled onto the ball of that foot. Bouncing his leg, so it rubbed his leather clad thighs, against your sex. You closed your eyes, blocking out your attendant, ignoring the scent of your urine, focusing on the thicker smell of perfumed oils and the warmth of his body against yours. Spreading your leg to him, you told yourself that this was better than the countless hours of loneliness, his touch, his approval was better than none. “Are you that desperate for our touch?” You subtly swung your hips, to bring his leg tighter against your clit, minutely as possible, pressing down to rub yourself, on each rise of his foot. The idea that your action would go unnoticed to a Force-adept so powerful as Kylo Ren was laughable at best to a novice. But you had been around him too long, to have sensibly thought, he wouldn’t guess what you were about. His breath deepened in your ear, a sound that wouldn’t normally have registered as erotic, and taking this as encouragement you foolishly ground harder against his leg. The small whimper you gave, was the first indication that you had let go, and blushing you allowed yourself a loader hum of encouragement. “Then if so, that is what these are for!” He jerked you by your wrists, and obvious indication that you should have touched yourself in your boredom. You couldn’t find a cognitive thought process, to work out which were you more offended at, let alone voice it. Which was more of an insult? The hospitality they claimed to show you, or the suggestion that you should have fucked yourself to thoughts of them abusing you, either was deplorable. It certainly was not, you protested; that he left you now, alone with only the watchful maid. You waited a moment or two after he had gone before you sniffed. Pressing your hand over your mouth to stifle the scream. Eyes fixed on the Handmaiden, it was a good reminder of why you wouldn’t give in to such weakness. In one abrupt movement, you pulled the dress over your head, not caring if it tore, they could afford new ones. It was already soiled, and you added that and your pants to the mess at the floor, daring to snarl a command for the small maid to clean up your mess. She jumped straight to it, surprising you with the speed at which she willingly followed orders. At the door, you stopped to rip off your sandals, tossing them back to join the pile. Once she was finished you, gave another order for her to run a bath, surprised at her obedience. They had been so uncooperative before, so the passive way she followed orders worried you. She seemed willing, but her face remained a blanc mask of indifference, you had sent her for a dress, when on a whim you called her back. There was something wrong, and following that thread of suspicion, you ordered her to open her mouth. She did, though the tongue you had expected to be severed, or disabled seemed still functional. “I am the only one still permitted to speak, the others have now been conditioned not to.” You jumped, you hadn’t heard the lead handmaiden come into the room. She was older than the other girls, and always there had been an unmistakable streak of cruelty in her behaviour towards you. She would deliberately pull your hair too hard when pinning it back, and although she never cut you when shaving your body, you suspected she wanted to. It was with a wariness then that you keep your mouth closed, when she sent the other girl to fetch you clean clothing. “It seems Hux is pandering to your little display, he has summoned you for later.” It was new to have her talk to you, and you weren’t sure which was scarier; that she spoke, or that Hux had asked for you. The sneer in her voice told you everything else you needed to know. Hux was either going to punish you, or fuck you. Either one had not been what you set out for in all of this. Shivering despite the warmth of the bath water, you ignored all thoughts dwelling on what was to come, too absorbed in her opinion of you. Did she honestly think you were complicit in all of this, that you wanted their attentions? You really were alone, there was no Resistance, or New Republic to come and rescue you, all of that was done with. Even if there had been, you were of no importance, nobody would be missing you. Your attendants made no further attempts to communicate, and silently you donned the clean dress. You gave thanks to the more junior attendants; but not their over seer. There had been enough talk of the conditioning used, amongst First Order deserters to know it was a tough process on the individual, seen by the leaders as an essential way of ensuring loyalty amongst their troops. But the need to do it to civilian servants mystified you. The rest of the day, was spent in quiet contemplation and honest sympathy for your attendant maid. When your evening meal came, you tried sharing the sweeter portion of it with her; in apology for your earlier outburst. If she declined, she didn’t tell you, ignoring even your demands to eat it, or at the very least save it for later, and frowning you wondered what her conditioning had entailed. It was not long after nightfall that you were summoned. It seemed the Emperor still had use of an office. He sat behind a colossal ebony and gold desk, his brow furrowed as he worked. Your ears strained, you had not seen any signs of Ren on your arrival, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t about. A deep red carpet lay on the marble floor, leading in a great stripe to the desk. Behind it a First Order flag was mounted on a gold horizontal flag pole. It was another show of power, a clear and obvious reminder that he was now, the First Order. You had spent too long looking, no matter how briefly you had flicked your eyes around the room, and so careful not to antagonise him; you dropped to your knees. Your position was on of total obedience, your body held in abeyant, for his attentions. The flowing circles of your skirt, spread neatly around you. You kept your head bowed, your bottom rested on the soles of your feet and your palms up-facing; you were ready. Either he took his time, or the work was demanding of his attention; either way your legs threatened to go numb. You wiggled your toes, tensing and flexing your shoulder muscles, doing your best not to appear to fidget as you waited. He cleared his throat, and you took it as a warning that your movements had not been small enough, holding your back straighter, your shoulders stiller. “Come here.” You dared not look at him, so unnerved by the gentle command, that you were unsure he had addressed you. But there was no one else here. So, you took the expectant pause to be him waiting and slowly walked towards the desk. Dropping to your knees before it, again waiting in obeisance, head facing the floor again. He drew in a deep sigh, and this time his voice held notes of frustration as he called you closer. Your fingers trailed the edge of the desk for comfort, as you walked around it. It was probably seen as fidgeting you realised, quickly pulling them into a closed fist at your hip. Assuming it was safest to drop to your knees, you readied your skirts. His hand gripped your bicep not too firmly, holding you from dropping to your knees. Pulling you to stand in front of him, as he scrutinized your appearance. His gaze landed heavily on the ornate collar at your neck, the neckline of this gown cut slightly higher framing the silver necklace. It was almost civilised how you were dressed, the necklace cleverly wrought to avoid spilling any of his secrets. You could pass at times for nothing less than visiting dignitary, others as little more than his whore. “Ren told me about earlier.” There was an edge of warning to his voice, making you gulp and you tried fruitlessly to avoid blushing. Forgetting your place and anger in your shame, you stammered out your protests; that you had not deliberately wet yourself. Of all things, you hadn’t expected him to laugh so openly. But he did making you forget all the reasons you didn’t look directly at him without permission. The back of his fingers brushed your cheeks, the leather cooler than usual against your heated cheeks. His eyes held genuine amusement, and he seemed surprisingly taken with your stammered explanation. “Maker, how are you still so innocent?” You wanted to hide from him, your face held the proof to back up his opinion of you. To deny it was stupid, it would instead pay tribute to his other opinion of you. He only ever named you his slut, when he fucked you, but that too could probably be said of you. He had made you responsive to him, not through desire, but forced copulation and now after the period of isolation it was worse. You wanted to offer his gentle rebuke with one firmer and more aggressive of your own; to remind him what you thought of him. That was the problem though, that opinion would only excite him. Right now, although tactile with you, his all be it too intimate touches were not yet overtly sexual in nature. “What was the problem earlier then Pet?” You shook your head, a silent refusal not to answer, but that you still had no answer. He sighed at you, and used the intercom to summon refreshments. They were swift to arrive tall glasses of a cool drink. He enjoyed keeping you on edge, and had clearly learnt that this force attempt at gentle intimacy could upset you just as much as his brutality. It all served to keep you unbalanced and desperate to please him, leading you unsure of if a kiss or a blow came next. You still had your pride, though there was precious little of it left; and you were not about to quell that. To loose it all and give into your distaste, willingly allowing him to touch you in trade for his approval. He took his time, slowly drinking as he finished his work. Ignoring you except to offer a refill of your drink, whilst he sent you to use his refresher. That stung, you hadn’t lost control earlier because of one drink. For a moment, you thought about not bothering to use it before deciding you were being unnecessarily petty, and stupid. You had no way of knowing what he was up to. Finished you washed up, checking yourself in the mirror before joining him back in his office. The drinks were all cleared away, except your half full glass and you were instructed to quickly finish it. Dutifully you drank it in one, waiting as Hux, drew an odd item from one of the larger draws. He asked you if you knew what it was, again amused by your naivety when you couldn’t answer. It was a mix of ornate pieces of metal, scrolled etchings on it suggesting it matched your collar. Making you assume he had commissioned this for your use. “Lift your skirts.” You did, the material thicker, less opaque than usual harder to gather up in your small arms. Cutting off your view of your legs. The first brush of his fingertips made you jump, though you quickly corrected yourself to stillness. They hooked into the crotch of your panties, pulling the delicate lace aside. Your lips were parted and a finger pressed firmly inside of your cunt. Removed just as quickly, when he found you not wet enough for his tastes, before flattening back the crotch. Slowly you watched as he brought the metal plates together, under your skirts. Listening as they were clicked into place, over the mound of your pussy. The final click left a thinner piece running between your legs. “Normally such devices are created purely to avoid a woman being able to touch herself. This one I would also advise you not to try and pass water in.” You knew nothing of such devices and so it further fuelled his perverse pleasure of you when you reached under your skirts. Normally such behaviour would be seen as fidgeting and you encouraged to fight your fear of it. But now he dragged you back to the bathroom mirror. Standing behind you, he wrapped one arm around your waist. Lifting your skirts with the other, hooking them under his arm. It displayed the device he had created for you in its entirety, and wordless with fear and misunderstanding you stared. It certainly had been created to match your collar, and would be quite beautiful, if not so concerting. He nuzzled at your neck, and ear seemingly very pleased with his handiwork. “It’s called a chastity device; or at least that is one of its functions. I’m having both you and Ren wear a matching set tonight.” You’d guessed well enough what it was, though what he expected to achieve putting you in one. You hadn’t had any desire to touch yourself, too disgusted by your treatment, by the depravity they thrust you into. So that wasn’t really your concern, as you ran your fingers over the silver plates. “What happens if I need to go.” You blushed, trying to phrase it as politely as possible. There were no holes in the device and it came high up your pubic mound, if you peed in that, you would sit in it. Your only hope was that you were not in it too long. His eyes lit at your discomfort, sucking at your ear as he dropped your skirts. Turning your around, pressing you against the mirror before kissing you, his hand gripping your metal clad hip. “You will go; only when I permit you to go, Pet.” You dared not ask when that would be. Wishing you had somehow dodged the second glass. He explained his plans for the evening. You were to accompany him to his evenings soiree, collared but not chained. He made it perfectly clear; that you would be in politer company, and should you misbehave it would be a longer wait. “It is a test Pet, do not fail it.” Chapter 8 Notes: I was just adding the amount of chapters I had left in draft/planning, to the number yet to come. But as this is completely a spur of the moment work, it seems stupid to keep adding to that number, so I have no idea when this will end. I know how it will end, I know thing I definitely want to add, and others I might add, and I know how I want to get there. But I think I'll work through until I work out how many chapters it will take, to get there. (That probably only makes sense to me) Thank you. “A test?” You were too engrossed in trying to understand him that you failed to predict his next move. He pressed his mouth to you one more time. It was impossible to comprehend how he thought cutting you off from masturbation was in some way a chore; and so, that didn’t bother you. It was the thought of having to ask permission to use a toilet, that was the real insult. You doubted he would let you go with so much as a quiet request in his ear. No, he would make you beg, and in front of an audience too. As always Hux took care to ensure your dress was in order, and any finishing touches added before he led you from the room. It wouldn’t do for you to be anything less than perfect in his company. Once done, he placing your hand onto his arm, leading you through his office and into the palace. There had been one final addition to your wardrobe; an ornate headdress. It was neither a crown nor a tiara, just more wealth piled on top of you. It could be considered vulgar, to be decked so; if it wasn’t for Hux’s impressive tastes. As it was, he just managed to make you look more alluring, a shiny bauble to decorate his arm. It the combination of dress and jewellery contrived to make you look more exotic than anything else; the heavier make up accentuating your eyes, making them appear larger. You were after all just another one of his possessions; one he could openly display as his. It would be stupid to think he didn’t want others to covet you, to know his use for you. It was just to be hoped, that he still wouldn’t let them touch you. The evenings party was held in the open courtyard; the same one you had been taken to the morning you turned on Hux. It was lit by torches and small fire pits, lanterns hanging from the trees. You had to admit it looked beautiful, and above you at least two of the planets moons hung, in the starlit night sky. It had been so long since you had been outside, that you found the open space was disconcerting. It was too open and if it hadn’t been for Hux’s hold on you, it would have been too tempting to give into hesitation. As it was you were allowed no opportunities to stumble, and for that little bit of help you were thankful. Hux had failed to be more specific in the role he expected you to play, but you knew better than to plead ignorance as your excuse for failure. You knew by now that your confusion was a deliberate addition to tonight’s game; somehow a part of the test. At first you had expected it to be to watch you fail, to give him a reason to punish you. But that was until you met your audience. It wasn’t huge by any standards, but it was the largest gathering Hux had insisted you attend. The first that you were not physically chained to him. Not that it was needed here, the silver around your neck spoke louder volumes of what you were, than the whispers that dogged your footsteps. They were under no illusions as to what you were, and more than one mama was heard decrying the fact that he brought his ‘whore of a public function’. His face had changed into the elusive amusement at that, just a ghost of a smile across his eyes. It pleased him to upset them, to not have to answer to their sensibilities. You were nothing to Hux, but by using you as such he may as well have painted crosshairs on your back; a target. They wouldn’t dare hurt Hux, but they would you; and if that happened would it become a reason to pretend to take offence. You wanted nothing more than to be back in the in descript, but secure walls of your chamber. Slowly you followed, his lead towards a seating area, aware that your only protectors were also your jailers. Here you were like a fawn amongst a pack of Vornskr, and without being told to you stayed close to Hux. You may hate him, but here under his mighty shadow you were safest. There was a chair, but you ignored it happier to be knelt down at the foot of his chair; in this position, you were a challenge to no one. Hux hadn’t seemed bothered about your chosen position, summoning attendants to bring you cushions, enabling you to nestle down by his legs. The more the evening lengthened; the more you saw the more practical side of Hux’s attempts to make you more comfortable; and wished you had made a play for the chair. The seat on the pants lost heat very quickly, and the ground was not overly warm either. The thicker material would thankfully hide the metallic pants you now wore over your more practical pair; yet on their own it wouldn’t have kept you warm sat on the bare floor of the patio. The chastity belt wasn’t painful; but then nothing you wore was ever made to be particularly comfortable. These though were far worse than any fabric garment he had ever placed you in. The real annoyance with it; was that it was impossible to forget you had it on. No matter how you sat, you couldn’t shake the feeling that people would know what you wore. It was somehow worse than not wearing any; at least that could be blamed on the style of your dress. It was a long and tedious night, though thankfully not overly cold, nothing the fires couldn’t handle. The novelty of being outside soon turning to boredom, the stares dying to no more than background annoyance. There were more tributes presented, this time more subtly made; and you gazing wide eyed, at the progression of visiting nobility. Though this time thankfully this time there were no openly displayed offers for you, sparing you the worry of if Hux would refuse you. You gathered from the occasional well-dressed lady daring to approach him, that more than one daughter was there to be presented to him. They all looked down their noses at you, too involved with their own sense of self-importance, to notice the distain cleverly laced into Hux’s greetings. You didn’t, though you were not about to dwell on it. Just knowing he was on edge was enough, and there was little you could do to protect him if he decided to turn that on you. Subtle changes in his carriage and deportment told you, who he was not happy with being here, and that did deserve your attention. It may be nothing of importance at all, and probably nothing you could use to your advantage; but it would serve you well to know who annoyed him. Nobody spoke in greeting to you, you were invisible, beneath their notice. One man even going as far as to refuse to acknowledge that you were even in the way, as he walked over to greet his Emperor. Here amongst the fringes of society, it all made such sense now why you were more modestly dressed. He didn’t want to offend the sensibilities of such seemingly delicate ladies. Ren was about and though not always at Hux’s side; had chosen to notice you. He had bowed in greeting to his Emperor before bending to give you a simple kiss in greeting. The smirk he openly wore after, told you he had enjoyed the gasps of the well to do, more so than the press of your lips. Hux, had not been happy with that; and again, you were sure something more than looks passed between them, as their eyes met. You doubted that it was his decision to greet you, it was such common place to do so; but when they broke their eye contact, both men appeared to search the room for something. Ren’s stance as he prowled around the room, made you doubt Hux’s earlier admission that he wore a similar devise to you. Whilst you knew Ren was more submissive to Hux’s wishes in bed, this seemed to be too demeaning for such a powerful man. Too freely he drank; downing glasses whilst you avoided all but the tiniest sips of wine, Hux pressed on you. Too unsure how long your bladder must last, and too proud to ask. You watched Ren stalk towards the outskirts of the gathering, as though patrolling for something. More than once he was approached by both men and women, both sexes seemingly eager to entice him. Making you wonder if he was open about his preferences, but not his current partner, or if they just sought to try their luck. Each one, he sent packing with no more than a quick sentence and a scowl. Above you Hux shifted in his seat, just the tiniest show of annoyance. He seemed to tolerate it only so long, each earning a glacier dagger. Until he finally chose to leave the makeshift dais, to assert his ownership over his lover. You watched him as he went, his stride long, even and so precise. The red firelight burnished beautifully against the paleness of his skin, and the gold of his hair. They cut such a pretty picture together, for a set of monsters. Both men tall and neither physically unattractive. Hux’s pale sleeve pressed around the darker fabric of Ren’s surcoat, pulling him to him in an unmistakable gesture of possessiveness. The Dark-Jedi turned to look down on Hux’s unusual public display, standing taller only by inches; though his frame dwarfed Hux’s slender one. Both men had left you alone, without a protector and you did your best not to openly display the weakness, though the vornkirs circled around your unguarded person. Hux and Ren seemed too engrossed in each other and you hadn’t been given instructions to remain. So eventually you gave into temptation, and escaped the pointed leers, growing closer. Cursing that they had less manners than the lowest servant, slipping off into the safety of the outskirts of the garden. You didn’t go far, merely stayed on the fringes of the torches, were the firelight was less bright watching the gathering, for any sign you were missed. It was good to have a little space and although cooler here, though thankfully the climate kept you warm enough. There was a puff of breath against your lower neck and you jumped, so sure one of the guests had found you. Calming yourself only when as familiar scent registered. Ren’s deep voice in your ear spoke in greeting. His arms circled you from behind and you stiffened. It was too dark in the outskirts, to see either of you; the revellers eyesight too blinded by the light. But for a second Hux’s gaze rested on you both, too precise to be an accident. Ren pressed you against him, pulling your hands behind you, taking your tiny hand in his huge paw. You thought he was here to punish you for leaving the party, until he lifted apart a gap in his coat; plunging your hand past the waist band of his trousers. Ren as always wore no pants and your fingertips instantly brushed against metal. Making your eyes widen as you realise Hux hadn’t been lying, both of you wore metal cages around your groins. “Ah, but I am permitted to control my own bladder Pet. It seems after earlier, Hux feels you need training.” His jest stung, and you would have turned to furiously confront him, had it not been for the sensation of fingertips brushing your cunt lips. It was impossible for real fingers to penetrate the metal, though that didn’t stop them from feeling real. Slowly they dipped between your outer labia, repeatedly stroking against the sensitive flesh they contained, into gathering wetness. The spare hand dipped under the neckline of your dress, drawing fresh gasps as he plucked at your nipples. His mouth pressed to your bared neck, running a tongue under your jaw line. Across the courtyard, Hux looked back over at you, and from the light reflected in Ren’s eyes, this time you knew their gazes met. It held; as the bodiless fingers pressed inside you, pushing on a spot to the front of your vagina. Wordlessly you gasped, throwing your head back onto Ren’s heavy chest, feeling the gentle thudding of his heart in your ear. It had been so long since you had really felt pleasure; that you hadn’t realised you had missed it, and when his lips met yours you had never been so greedy for a taste of him. Boldly you worked your tongue into his mouth, mewling into him as more of the liquid pleasure, surged your veins. He gave a murmured warning against your ear for you to hush, turning your face back to the party. Still there was no way Hux could have seen you, but this time it was your eyes he seemingly gazed into. You gasped, mouth open in silent panting as another pressure circled your clit; lidded eyes seeking your own. Unbidden your hands sought Ren’s crotch, more shocked than surprised at what you found there. You had assumed when Hux told you, he wore a matching item that it would be identical, but this wasn’t. Yes, you both wore metal contraptions; but there the similarities ended. Oh, you had no doubt that it was as decoratively carved as yours; the scroll marks in perfect alignment with the gold embroidery on Hux’s uniform. It was a loop of metallic bands, two wrapping his flaccid cock; one at the base the other behind the glans. “Except mine is gold pet.” You were too far gone in your pleasure, to register the possible insult he added to the confirmation of your thoughts. Gold was of higher value than silver, and therefore Hux had decked his favourite in more costlier metal. Slowly you probed the chastity device; feeling more now for the design of the belt, than what it protected. There was no way he could be feeling quite the pleasure you did, and not the painful repercussions. Whether it was designed to prevent an erection or just to make one unbearable you didn’t know. But one thing was for certain; it was seemingly an effortless endeavour to remain in his current state. “We should return to the party.” His voice was breathy; he was unmistakably as aroused as you were. So, it was not that he wasn’t turned on, just that he could control his responses to it better than you. The abrupt removal of his Force-touch on you was understandably disappointing and frustrating. You were led back to the circle of visitors. A drink was procured for you and placed into your hands and as Ren slowly blended you into their ranks. You were not permitted to lose it, Ren making sure he gave an order for you to drink it. No one, except the Emperor had realised either of you had been missing, too engrossed in their shameless bids for his attentions. Ren delivered himself back to Hux’s side with a barely perceptible nod, making you realise your escape had been orchestrated. The touch on your sex continued, nothing heavy enough to cause more than a squirming desire for more. Ren was playing Hux’s game beautifully for him, and your body responded too easily to it. You knew better than to squirm, though your breathing was harder to control. More than once you wanted to grind yourself down, onto the phantom fingers circling your dripping hole. They tucked you between them both, no doubt so that they could further enjoy your discomfort. Their taller frames dwarfing you; but for once offering you security from prying eyes. Nobody could comment on your presence, or the flush to your cheeks. They couldn’t make open assumptions, without suggesting their Emperor took anything from you that was too improper; but they could look. To comment on how barely held together you were; would suggest their Emperor stooped to a level unacceptable for royalty. It didn’t leave you feeling any less dirty, or under any doubts that you were so publicly aroused. Though thankfully, no one could see the mess you knew your pants would be in, and even if they could; all of them were too scared of the power he wielded, to risk his displeasure. You kept your eyes down cast at all times. To raise them would undoubtedly be seen as a challenge, or a suggestion you enjoyed your current state, by at least one of them. It sadly meant you couldn’t watch for the tiny changes in people’s demeanour, that you had learnt to anticipate as a warning. But thankfully you could listen for them. Your ears pricked up at the mention of the old Zeltron ambassador; apparently, he hadn’t been caught yet. There was an amused suggestion that he had fled tail between his legs, and was half way to the outer-rim, and then another strangely familiar accent adding a further opinion. It was unwise to bait Ren, the plucked insults pulling at the strings of his failure to catch the man. Besides you it was Hux, not Ren who stiffened, bridled by the insult to his consort. Intrigued, you raised your eyes and through lowered lashes; you dared to sneak a peek at the man, who would so boldly risk his wrath, when so many others had not dared. Instantly you wished you hadn’t. The small movement would have gone unnoticed on most men, but judging by the cold eyes, that roamed your body; Hux had learnt both his perceptiveness and observational skills, well from this man. The colour was faded from his hair, leaving it a silvery white, and his face aged; but only one man would have dared to talk to his Emperor in that way. His father. Openly the older man sneered at you, and never had you felt so naked, or so dirty for what they had made you. It was somehow worse than Ren’s constant mind probe; at least that had been an honest admission of what you felt. Brendol Hux’s gaze lowered, and you paled to a sickening white that better displayed your blush. So sure, by the leer he gave you, that he had so much more than an inkling of what was under your clothing. Of what Ren was doing to you and on who’s orders he did it. “Perhaps if you, spent less time between your whore’s legs; you would be less distracted, and would have found that traitor of an ambassador by now.” The comment was not loud, nor was it threatening to anyone. Just spoken with the crass certainty of a man’s arrogance. The tone probably that of a man used to being followed, the Commandant was simply dealing with his son. Shuddering, you tried drawing back on yourself, to make yourself invisible to this exchange of power, stopped by an invisible warning pinch to your clit. That had you more disbelieving than the confrontation, that he would keep up teasing you when obviously furious with Hux’s father. The circle surrounding Hux had already been small; but now it dwindled to just the four of you, as in dribs and drabs the others left. Hux held back any attempts to defend himself, and you your whimpers, waiting until the other guests were out of ear shot, before confronting his father. “I know exactly where Veers is; it is simply easier to wait for him to break cover, than to waste time and man power seeking him out.” You knew one of you would wear stripes for this argument between father and son, and you doubted it would be the senior party. Brendol Hux took another swig of his drink, before addressing his son, hissing low. “It makes you look weak!” That did stop Ren’s assault on you, and the low growl behind you, was the first warning. The second a scrunching of leather, and heavy cloth drawn aside, telling you; he had drawn back his cloak to take a hold, of the pommel of his sabre. From the corner of your eye, you could see him; the realignment of muscles telling you he was ready to strike, ready to kill for his Emperor. “Call your dog off Armitage; we both know even you are above patricide.” Only Hux’s father would have then had the guts, and the security to walk away. You watched him go, trying to control the shivering that threatened to wrack your body. Blinking back both the tears, and the fear at the anger he left behind. Floundering in a sea of worry, you wondered how best to placate him without forcing him into early retaliation. You were saved the hassle when he grabbed your arm. His fingers digging so deeply into the flesh, that you had to grit your teeth against crying out; that would only have further angered him. “Get me a drink, and then get back on that podium.” He was furious, and strands of were interwoven in the hissed order. To the others he may appear calm, but you knew he was struggling to contain that fury in public. Dropping what you hoped passed as a curtsy, you hurried off to select a drink from a passing servant. He had failed to be specific in his requirements, and this was no time to ask for further clarification. So, you selected one of each; a glass of the amber spirits, and another of sparkling wine. Carefully you waited to see which he appeared eager to take, assuming you could discard the other. He chose the spirits; probably more for the stronger alcohol than the taste. He took as sip and you took it as your cue to return to what had been his chair. His hand caught your arm; the fingers pressing painfully against the first set of finger prints. The hand holding his glass reached out towards the wine flute, his index finger tapping against it. His voice dipped again to a more controlled icy calm, in your ear. “Drink that, and when it’s gone get another. Don’t think I haven’t noticed your refusal to drink.” You had gotten away with it for so long, you had slipped into the stupid belief that the control of your bladder had only been in jest. Now you began to uncomfortably suspect a more darker purpose. Swallowing you murmured your ascent, trying not to dwell on the already present need to urinate and the memory of how Ren had desecrated you, that first time. Instead stepping onto the wooden dais, and kneeling on the pillows next to his chair. He wouldn’t be allowing you to go anytime soon, and you wouldn’t be stupid enough to ask yet. Your only hope was to slowly sip at the wine. Whilst you knew he wanted your bladder full, you doubted he also wanted you pissed too. You moved only once; to replace your glass. Sipping the second glass at a much slower pace until Hux returned to his makeshift throne. You had been watching him carefully; so, you knew he had replaced his glass more than once. It was from the return of Ren’s attentions, that you knew he was relaxing, Ren wouldn’t have dared to restart that without knowing Hux’s mood. Carefully he sat, running a defiant stare over the room before scooping you to sit sideways on his lap. “Look at them. Every woman here hates you, and every man wishes they were balls deep in your pretty little cunt; regardless of what you are.” You could smell the liquor on his breath, as he pulled your face to look at him. Tilting your face so he could watch the discomfort in it. His glass pressed to your lips, pouring more than a generous sip into your mouth. You swallowed it, eyes watering from the burn in your throat, as it pooled warmth into your belly. For all he openly displayed none of it, you knew from the boast in his voice he was high; on a mixture of whiskey and power. He laughed at your splutter, running his thumb under your lip. Catching the drip that escaped on it, feeding it back into your mouth. There was the gentle fluttering of his cock as you sucked off the smoky liquid, his eyes narrowing in pleasure as you flicked your tongue over it. It was all just another show of your training, as instinctive as it was to breathe now. But as his eyes darkened you knew he took pleasure, that the audience didn’t know that. To them you were probably just resistance scum, brought to heel by his cock. “Even my father for all his posturing and preening wants you, something else he can’t have.” His voice had deepened to a rough huskiness, and it wasn’t difficult to follow his gaze. Between both Huxes there was a clear battle for power, and the Emperor was keen to show how much of it he had. He kept his gaze firmly on his father as his lips came to your neck, a most vulgar display of possessiveness. “Should I make him watch as I take you Pet?” You were horrified at such an idea, and only caught yourself at the last moment from demanding he didn’t. Any show of vulnerability would give him a weak spot to exploit, but who were you kidding; he could tell by the way you stiffened in his arms; you didn’t like that idea. You hadn’t realised his attentions had fully returned to you, until he forced yours back to him. His gloating was making you nervous, you already knew you were hardly in a room full of friends. But did he have to put you at risk, by trying to pry the scab off an old feud between father and son? It was garnering an attention you didn’t want, from a man who clearly wouldn’t hesitate to try and take what he wanted, even from his Emperor. As he insisted on dangling you before them like a child with his prised toy; squirming from both pent up need and your filling bladder, on his lap. “Or I could just let Ren finish what he started now. Upset them all, by letting you cum on my lap.” That was a threat; he would be more likely to carry to fruition. You gasped eyes wide, and dared to plead a humble no, as you shook your head. The stroking’s at your sex, increased in both pressure and speed, a slow steady strumming that although slowly; would lead your body, where he wanted you. The gardens were suddenly too hot, and the open space that had seemed too large, now not big enough. A better man would have at least let you hide your face and held it so that he could watch. You didn’t dare look away from Hux, studying the darks of his eyes, the softening of his lips; as he took delicate swigs of his drink. He kept his face neutral, so damned proper and correct, hardly suitable for a man who was currently instigating sexual torture against you. A single tap of his for finger to the glass side, was the signal to Ren to stop. “But that would just give your body what it wants, wouldn’t it Pet? He unceremoniously dropped you to the floor, and suddenly all eyes really were on you. They seemed to return like carrion; desperate to pick over the bones of your dismissal. You were so relieved it took you a moment longer than normal to process your mortification. The sheen of perspiration, too unlikely in the heat to be anything other than arousal. It wouldn’t have taken Ren much longer to stroke you to completion, and a couple of well placed strokes, would have had you there almost instantly. The clue was in the careful phrasing of Hux’s taunt. He had never intended to bring you to orgasm before his visitors; just to tease you with the possibility. Not that he wouldn’t have hesitated to do so, if that had been his plan. The visitors present, were just an addition to create audience for you, as he took another chance to prove his mastery of both you and Ren. It killed two birds with one stone. Subtly drawing you into playing his latest game. Whilst making it very clear to all present; he would not be held by their idea of what was propper. Letting all know he had placed himself, above their codes of practice. Another drink was placed into your hand, and the instruction came to drink; this one you tossed back, before accepting the black glove that proffered you it. So, sure that being drunk, and desperate was far easier for you to deal with now; than being sober. “Ren; take her back to her room, have her ready.” Chapter 9 Summary: Contains watersports again. Notes: Hope everyone had a good holiday. Alas no time off for me, I work in a job that doesn't give time off over Christmas. I still had a fairly decent time, but it had taken it's toll on my spare time. I have so many half finished chapters, them more ideas that I refuse to let myself start yet, whilst I have other stuff on the go. It was a much longer walk back to your room from the courtyard; than it was to Hux’s office. The possessive press of Ren’s arm to your waist, made you want to hurry it all the more, somehow feeling sullied by such a little touch. Nothing he had done this evening was as such physical, he’d not had the pleasure of his skin on your intimate areas; but it still left you feeling dirty. To anyone who didn’t know better, you would look like a pair of lovers; him gently taking you back home. But there was a taunt behind Ren’s fingers skimming the tops of the metal bands at your waist. Not a simple act of affection, but him ensuring you could never take a moments refuge, inside your head. The guests may be under some illusion but the servants and guards you passed, knew exactly what it was; Ren’s display of his Emperors ownership of you. You had been brought from you pen for the evening, like some prized Cosset. Decked in a display of Hux’s wealth and then displayed for all to see; and now you were being returned to the fold. A warning to those who would resist him, of what the First Order had achieved. A display of his power; none would dare tell him to stop. Ren was in no hurry to return you quickly to your chamber. His massive legs taking seemingly smaller and smaller steps, prolonging the wait for the toilet. Increasing the pressure, swelling in your bladder. You weren’t that far off needing to go when you left the courtyard, and the heaviness in your stomach grew, with the need to go. And although you could comfortably hold it a little longer, you would hold out begging until your need was urgent. They enjoyed you begging too much, for you to give into it that quickly, there was no way you were about to make anything more pleasurable for them than you had to. The alcohol relaxed you, as much as it increased your need to void your bladder. The flush of it blooming like blotted red ink across your cheeks; but it was still a long way from your desired oblivion. You had begun to wonder how much alcohol it would take to numb yourself, would it be enough to kill you also? For so long now you had wanted to be drunk? To be as unaware and as uncaring of your surroundings, as your captors were. To be drowned in numbness and you had come so close. Enough to make your thoughts less crisp and clear; but not nearly close enough to the euphoric oblivion you sought. Never enough to even for a spilt second forget what you had become. Arriving to the chamber, he steered you into it. The mechanical lock reading his fingerprints and DNA, despite the black gloves he always wore. Four handmaidens stood ready, to attend to you, at Ren’s approach the lead came forwards ready to assist; only to be curtly dismissed for the evening. You watched them go, as you stood in the complicated wrappings of your dress, their services clearly unneeded. Their faces all neutral; apart from the ugly sneer, of the lead Handmaiden. That you had to wonder at; what exactly did she find so distasteful? Because it certainly couldn’t be what the men did to you, she was complicit in it. “Astrid.” You looked up at Ren, just as the lead handmaiden turned back in acknowledgement to Ren. She refused to look at you, her iron cold gaze looking through you. Making you stand closer to Ren. “See that she isn’t disturbed until morning, and then gently Astrid.” A flash of reluctance, made you quickly summarise she didn’t like you knowing her name. Astrid wouldn’t be stupid enough to be cross at Ren giving her instructions for your care. She spoke her reply with strained neutrality, bobbing a farewell curtsy. “Yes, Lord Ren.” Your wishes for the gentle treatment your body, was as inconsequential to her, as they were to your captors. Astrid cared for you not one iota, and made it very clear; even before her betters. But Ren was her master, and having spoken a command she would obey. You watched her go, wondering why she hated you so much. Was it for the moans they would force from your throat, was she envious of your treatment? If so she was welcome to take your place, she was neither old nor unattractive, just mean spirited and petty towards you. Did she find your screams as you came, an admission of your enjoyment of having their attentions thrust onto you? Was it then that you protested your captivity, or that she enjoyed seeing you squirm, like the Resistance scum you were to her? There was still no indication to kneel yet. Nor was Ren rushing; meaning you had plenty of time yet, before Hux wanted you. So after to the removal of your attendants, Ren had begun a slow removal of all your clothing. It was odd to have Ren undress you; his touch far more lingering than your handmaidens, but somehow far less invasive. Of course, he took his time removing his gloves first to ensure you felt the brush of his naked fingertips. Stroking along flesh both bare, and clothed. Leaving invisible trails of nerves in his wake. Everything made of fabric removed, layer by layer, and set neatly aside. Fingers taking their time to search for the straps and closings, drawing out the act to torture you. He had even taken the time to cut the fabric pair of panties, from you. Pulling a narrow stiletto blade from a hidden pocket in his sleeve. Deftly sliding the cold, blackened iron blade, under the metal plating. Using it to hook them; bringing the sharp edge dangerously close to your fragile skin. It was one more thing to make you tremble, inducing a level of fear that again risked your full bladder spilling. Having you held unnaturally still for him, as the material gave under the blade. The panties; he had examined in detail. Holding them up to the light, drawing attention to the mess he had made of you. Ensuring you both blushed hotly, and stammered accusatory denials to them. His tongue poked from his mouth, the thick organ flicking the length of the crotch. Swiping over the band of moisture, that smeared across the slightly thicker cloth of the gusset. His dark irises blown to nothing more than tiny slivers of coffee; around a black centre. He inhaled your scent on them, a low growl, keeping you fixated on him. With Ren, you had always been able to act up. He allowed for more than the infallible obedience Hux wanted. He enjoyed the struggle and incredulous at his behaviour; you scowled at him. “Do you have to? Urgh you really are disgusting; do you know that.” It wasn’t a question, he knew your opinion and it was hardly the first time you had called him that. It provoked another smirk from him, after all it could hardly be considered an insult to him. His eyes danced with unfair amusement, as he gripped your hair; waving the tangled mass of ripped fabric under your nose. “Don’t you want to see them Pet?” You didn’t want them anywhere near you. He kept his grip in your hair, stepping behind you; holding you tight against his vast chest. “Perhaps a taste then Pet?” The grip at your crown tightened and as you opened your mouth to yell in protest the pain; the panties, were balled up and pushed into your mouth. Ren moving quick and having you mouth full; than you could think to protest to the gag. At first you went to spit them out, stopping as a warning look had you pausing in your startled attempts. Slowly you allowed your mouth to relax around the foreign object, trying not to swallow. The smell of your arousal dominated your palate, and you refused to swallow the pooling saliva until it threatened to escape your mouth. Ren watched you closely as you did, his thumb running the hollow under your lip; smoothing the runs of your lip gloss. You stood humiliated before him; trembling with both fury and fear under his touch. Not a stich on, except for the silver you wore at your head, and groin. The wealth Hux decked at your neck. Silently you endured it as he explored, the sight, studying you with both hands and eyes. Drinking in the sight of you; helpless and naked before him, as he pulled your mouth to his. Pressing his lips to yours in a closed mouthed kiss, that did nothing but remind you of the lace weight in your mouth. Actual bonds couldn’t have held you as tightly; as the prison, they’d built of terror inside your mind. Fear kept you from fighting him off, when his lips tickled feather light kisses against your shoulder. His mouth hungrily trailing over, your collar and towards each breast. Working the kisses heavier, adding flicks of his tongue as he moved in circles towards your nipples. His hand slipping down between your shoulder blades, to press at your waist steading you to his attentions. He drew a loud breath; pulling first your left then your right nipple into his mouth. Suckling on them intermediately, until you gave the quiet gasp of pleasure, he had been searching for. There was a pinch soon after he disengaged his mouth, and you looked down to see a silver clip holding your nipple. Different, more ornate than the ones he had used before; when he took you before Veers. It was tighter and not quite painful yet. After some fidgeting, to get it to sit right and toying from Ren, another was added to your other nipple. There were several chains strung between them, all silver though each one engraved with the same scroll work that adorned all your silver. Somehow, he had looped it into your collar, artfully falling in delicate tracery over your breasts. He pointed you to a mirror, holding your chin high, letting you see how the silver work lay on your body. Again, they had managed to make the bizarre and obscene, look instead exotic and beautiful on you. The silverwork placed just so; the clamps holding your nipples in place, as though waiting in offering for someone to taste them. The silver plates around your hips and groin, as flattering as they conformed to your shape, as they were practical to Hux’s intentions for them. Another time and place, another lover and you would have enjoyed seeing yourself like this. Fingers trailed up your stomach, pressing just below your bellybutton, his eyes closing as he cupped your stomach. His huge hand easily able to hold your entire abdomen in it, and pull you back to the warmth of his chest. It would have been almost a comforting action, if it wasn’t that you knew he was doing. It wasn’t that you could feel anything yet, his action possibly indicative of him using the Force on you. But you just knew where this session was going, he was checking your bladder. The heel of his hand pressing down. Not enough to cause any real strain yet; just enough to add to the existing burn of pressure at your abdomen. A little bit of you wanted to snap at him, to tell him to leave you be. But most of you was too weary to find the strength to start an argument; or deal with the fallout. “Very good Pet.” You shouldn’t have found the praise so comforting; but better a kiss than a blow. Of course, he had been feeling for more than your physical reaction to him. Not just the swell of your bladder, when he dug the heel of his hand into your distended tummy. He wanted to be sure how you would react, and if it was to be badly, to coax that out of you before Hux arrived. Closing your eyes against the rising tide of nervousness, you ignored the sudden and increasing urge to let go on your bladder. Remembering that Hux had only advised not going, he had not said it was impossible to go, and if you did; you would sit in it. The idea of that was both incredibly gross and completely mortifying to you, and probably not his intended result. So instead you tightened your bladder to his probing, trusting yourself not to let go. Ren’s hand removed itself; and stepping back around you, he ordered you to kneel whilst he undressed himself. You did, thankful for the thick rug he had placed you on, softening the pressure against your knees. It also gave you an unfettered view of the bands around his cock, the way it looped to a metal band at his hips; keeping it in place. “Yes Pet?” There was patience in the rhetoric mumbling of your name. With your mouth stuffed; you couldn’t answer him. But then again, it had not really been a question. He had simply become aware of you studying him, trying to understand the device that he was wearing. Although his question was not the bite or taunt you had been expecting; you panicked at not being able to answer, lowering your eyes to his feet. Surprised when instead he stroked your hair, petting you as he waited on you raising your head to him. Quickly explaining the device and its effects to you, understanding more through his Force adeptness than the average human. “It stops me from getting hard. It doesn’t hurt me, it just aches when I get excited.” He listed further answers, to the questions you hadn’t asked, and the more you understood; the more you relaxed. Explaining that whilst he didn’t always wear the chastity belt; he came when his Emperor commanded. That even if he was alone with you, he did so only with Emperor Hux’s permission, that he regarded each orgasm as belonging to his master wherever he took it. His next comment was a jest. But one that still made you ears burn with humiliation, and a strict reminder of why you were foolish for letting your guard down around him. “And yes Pet, I can be trusted not to piss myself in mine.” You were done explaining, of protesting your innocence at the earlier accident, though of course you wanted to. It was a pointless waste of breath, and just feeding his ego. They both wanted you afraid, they thrived on it, and if you lost control over this; it would just be an additional victory for them. Suddenly Ren knelt, in a graceful genuflexion, and there was the slow tread of footsteps, the creaking of shoe leather. Ren had already dropped his gaze to his knees, his poise nowhere near the grovelling level of yours, but still an obeisance for his lover. He was taller, more powerful and at any moment things didn’t go his way, he could take control. You however were tiny compared to both men, insignificant next to the power they wielded, you had no control here. Ren had gifted his submission to Hux; you had yours torn asunder from you, every day they kept you. You snuck a glance at Hux, through lowered lashes. If he had drunk more since you had been dismissed, he still didn’t show it. But then even to the other revellers; his actions hadn’t looked unusual or out of control for him. In fact, as always quite the opposite; even pulling you onto his lap, would be seen as nothing odd to those not privy to his select inner circle. Even now his clothing was still pristinely white, starched to perfection. His hair still combed back tidy, not a strand out of place. The feet padded closer to your prone form. The shiny black leather coming into focus, just in front of your knees, before his fingers reached for you; tucking a strand of hair behind your hear. The fingers continued down the outer shell of your ear, to the back of your neck; petting you like you would a frightened animal. “Are you frightened of me Pet?” Silently you nodded, grateful you were unable to speak; your eyes lowered. He huffed unpleasantly, at you, this was annoying him. It wasn’t enough for him; that you were on your knees visibly trembling for him. He wanted to hear it in your voice when it wavered, cracking in that fear too. Realising you would have to push yourself to offer him that; or face the consequences, quietly you gave a broken spirited, and heavily muffled offering of; ‘yes ’, not forgetting to end on his honorific. He indulged himself in a tiny smirk, deducing at once what had kept you from speaking. Clutching your jaw in his hand, he hooked his thumb into your mouth. Pressing down on it, to show him the contents. “I know you are Pet, I can practically taste it on you.” The hands pressed down at the back of your head, and when you floundered at guessing his meaning, Ren took over. Using the Force to press your face down to the toe of his boots. It was a safe guess to realise he wanted you to kiss them, and you did. First one toe and then the other boot, tasting the faint earthiness of the garden, and shoe polish when you ran your lips across it. This pleased him, though it was barely noticeable in the tone of his next offer, it was there. “More scared of me than, my subjects?” How could you answer this and were you even permitted to try? How could you compare his touch to another you had never had? There wasn’t a single part of you though, that didn’t think for one moment he wouldn’t stoop to sending you; to someone who wouldn’t use you unkindly. But you highly doubted, he would share you, with someone who would treat you kindly, and with respect. You shook your head, continuing to work on his boots; in the vain hope he would stop. The trail of saliva no doubt dulling the polish, but in this he allowed a tarnish to his appearance. It was a fair exchange for, him to enjoy what you were put through. “What about my Father, he seemed very interested; Shall I gift you to him.” The fear pooled instantly, dropping low and heavy into your stomach; adding to the weight of water already there. You forgot yourself; spitting out the panties to uncouthly yell your ‘no’ in both protest, and a plea. Brendol Hux despite his age; seemed to somehow lack some of his son’s refinery. With Hux junior you knew exactly what you got. His father was an unknown quantity, and the unknown was far scarier to you, if Hux whispered danger; his father screamed it. Instantly you regretted yourself, you should never have allowed yourself to react so strongly. You should have just kept going with what you were doing, of utilized the makeshift gag as a reason to stay silent. Hesitantly, your fingers reached out to raise the discarded cloth. Unsure if offering them to Hux would count as an act of contrition, or if placing them back into your mouth was more the required solution. Were you now to be given to him, in retribution, a punishment for forgetting yourself. Forgetting what you were, and daring to demand something of him. The hand that touched your cheek was not the blow you expected. Though you still flinched under it, opening your mouth ready for the bundled lace, he replaced. He was pleased with this, both your obedience and the open admission; that you at least wanted him more so than his father. “You would rather stay with me Pet?” Mutely, you nodded, leaning into his touch, in what you hoped would be seen as an act of submission. Eyes wide as saucers in your realisation that again, he had played his hand and won. Somehow, he had made himself not only your only choice, but also the preferable one. He tilted his head towards Ren, an unspoken request for knowledge, he no doubt provided. “Shall we see, how far will you go to keep your place here with me then Pet?” It was spoken aloud, as another taunt to your broken spirit as much as to see you struggle with what they might take from you. You had wholly given into the conviction; that Ren and Hux needed no words to communicate. Hux’s eyes brightened almost pleasantly, in a smile that although never touched his lips; was warmer than any previous look you had given. It wasn’t much, and a decision you told yourself, had completely derived from fear; but your choice pleased him. He was happy, that you wanted him more so than his father, and somehow that was a victory for both of you to utilize. More correctly put, you clarified in your head, half hopeful that Ren was feeding those thoughts back to Hux; you were petrified of both Hux’s. But marginally less so of your Emperor, who thankfully wielded the power; but of course he had to know that. The look he gave, fluttered briefly to something darker; before he took it back under control. “Well then Pet, please me now and I will keep you.” You nodded, glad for the safety of the neutrality of his voice. For the first time, you tried pushing a mental offer of submission, to Ren. One that he received and was happy to verbally replay back to his Emperor. “She is, both sorry and willing.” Was he in some way looking out for you, or selfishly ensuring the scene would not be halted for your misdemeanour. Delicately you leant forwards into a low bow, pressing your forehead to the floor in thanks for Ren’s help, and Hux’s acceptance of it. Closing your eyes as you brought your head around, to kiss the toes of Hux’s boots. It was what they wanted of you wasn’t it? A sign of submission, the same act Ren had forced out of you. There was no guidance from either man, no confirmation of right or wrong doing. Expectantly you waited, your eyes screamed terror, as you looked back up at him. What had you agreed to, and had it been worth it? Or was it just in time to add to the terror of your situation, that they would make you admit this; then discard you? Hux gave the order for Ren to stand, pulling him from the floor and you, in a marked show of the pecking order; Ren was his, submissive, but you were his slave. Slowly Hux tilted Ren’s chin; bringing his mouth towards his. Hux’s eyes never leaving you, as Ren closed them in surrender to the kiss. Both men humming out their enjoyment, of the kiss, the intimacy they shared. For all the differences in their stations, the roles played; they, were as equals here. You looked between them; aware that every time they looked back at you, it was to devour you. You were prey, these two the hunters that at best, only stalked your nightmares. Hux gave a whispered command in Ren’s ear, before removing the metal device from his groin. Almost instantly his cock hardened, angrily throbbing its protests at being restrained for so long. “Shall we play a game Pet?” Again, you were reduced to supplying a voiceless nod. It was neither your permission, or your acceptance that he sought. He required neither, just a niggling reminder to you, that you had willingly agreed to partake in tonight’s game, with them. It was Hux that scared you the most, Ren little more than a willing puppet in these games. It was what he did to you, what they could make you experience; that you were most petrified of. The way he could drag from your treacherous body, more pleasure than you’d ever felt. Couldn’t they have taken their own, and left you? Why was it they continuously forced it onto you, why did your body have to be so willing, so secretly desperate for their touch? It was more than you had ever wanted him to give you. At first you just didn’t want them to hurt you, now you wondered how to compare a broken limb, to the damage they had wrought you. “Pet.” You had been too long in thought. Hurriedly you looked expectantly up at Hux, in amending obedience. Waiting for the orders he would give, praying the prize of safety, was worth the cost Hux would extract from you. His face stilled again, to neutrality and the hand slid into your hair, twisting into a pile of silken tresses and cold silver. The index finger twirling around one silver chain, the one that ran between both nipples. Both actions hurt, and you whimpered; following its lead to pull you to standing, letting him kiss you. It was the one at your nipples that worried you; the line of fire leading straight to your groin, twinging in longing. Clutching at him, you floundered in the sea of confusion he wrought from you. Desperately trying to ground yourself. Repeatedly he gave gentle tugs and twists to the chains. Working his mouth across your bare shoulder and up onto your neck, sucking at the flesh behind your ear. Leaving you glassy eyed; and reluctantly panting at his attentions to you. “Your body was made to be used for my pleasure. You respond so willingly Pet; look.” He turned you to one of the immense transparent steel mirrors, your bare skin pressed to his clothed chest. You whimpered against him; the sweat sheen on your skin, making the smooth wool finish of his tunic feel almost unbearably rough against your back. He was right, despite barely touching him, your body already wanted to unravel beneath him; luckily your mind held out. Unable to protest or to unwillingly acquiesce, you reached back again to grip him. Clutching at bunches of his tunic in your fists, more than a little amazed that he hadn’t removed your hands from his clothing yet. His hands skimmed the sides of your breasts, cupping them as he brushed his thumbs over the sensitive nipples. You blushed; pulling your suddenly wide-eyed gaze from your reflection, to bury your heated cheek against him. You were gone, the alcohol he had cleverly fed you, allowed you to settle into the fear of reprisal; should you not reciprocate his touch. A low chuckle brought you back. Hux stood watching you; his fingers pulled from you; to hook your chin, turning your face so he could watch. “So, our game Pet?” That brought you back, the splash of fear bringing your desire back into focus. He shot you a shark’s grin; full of teeth and threatening to destroy you, as Ren once more came into focus hard and ready slotting himself in front of you. Two sets of hands now groped you, as Ren lowered himself to his knees, expectantly before you. “You fuck Ren, make him cum inside you. Convince both of us that you want it, and I’ll consider it a show of your willingness.” You gulped, as Hux fished into his shirt; bringing forth a silver chain. An unexpected shove had you reaching forwards; palms splayed flat against your reflection. Hux gave a quick growl of your name; making you turn to look back at him. He held a key in his hand; scrolled with silver work. At last you thought with some relief; you were to be released from your metal cage. The key fitted into the lock with ease; and with a click the apparatus fell to the floor. “I can show you images of my father’s pets, if that would help motivate you.” You didn’t want to see, incredulous that he would even offer. Blinking away the prickling at your eyes, you shook your head, taking slow, deep steady breaths to quell the rising tide of panic. You would do this, you would have to do it; the alternative was worse. The brush of naked fingertips at your temple, was not the soothing action Ren meant it to be. It instead had your muscles springing ready to bolt, stopped by the hands encircling your wrists. They brought them smoothly to him, palms pressed to his bare chest; as you took deep shuddering breaths. This was somehow the ultimate act of betrayal; and for one heart stopping moment you considered refusing him. How could you possibly make it believable? Swallowing down both acid, and bile you shakily moved to your knees before Ren, pushing him onto his back as you climbed over his chest. He thankfully moved quickly, and without fighting you; allowing you to straddle his hips, gripping at your waist. The need to wee had never gone, and with your legs splayed it was harder to hold it, you hated to ask, and knew the likely answer, but you did any way; almost stumbling over your request. “No.” The barked refusal drew your attention back to Hux, reminding you who was the powerhouse in this relationship. He had sat himself on the edge of your bed, death-stick in hand, casually watching the movement below him. “Fuck him Pet, and if you last that long; then I will allow you the privacy of using the refresher.” He took a drag from the death stick, leaning over his crossed legs to watch you, as he made another offer to send you to his father, promising it would be his last before he carried out the threat. Realising there was no way out, you swung your hips; reaching down to seat yourself on Ren’s, thankfully hard cock. He gave a loud splutter of a growl, before relaying verbally to Hux how wet you were. How much tighter your walls pulsed around his cock, with a full bladder. Rolling your hips, you experimented, trying to find a rhythm that both was comfortable to you, and effective on him. Floundering in your own inexperience and insecurities; until at last you found one you could work with. At first, he watched you, hovering above him. His eyes dark with a feral hunger; fixated on the swaying of your chest, the jangling of the silver draping your smooth breasts. It was mortifying, but an effective movement on both of you, your clit grinding against him; you would not risk Hux’s wrath. Closing your eyes, helped concentrate on what you were doing; or more appropriately what you were trying not to do. It worked, gritting your teeth, over and over you thrust down on him. Ignoring the tightness, across your abdomen; finding it easier to focus on the tingling at your swollen button. Until Ren’s cruel, nimble hands sought to press against you, rubbing the heel over your tummy, pressing down on your bladder. Silently your eyes pleaded; too focused on Ren and what he tried to force from you, to notice Hux moving from the bed. Soundlessly he walked over you, pulling at you hair, to force you more upright on Ren. Holding you in place whilst his spare hand easily, dealt with the fastenings on his trousers. Naïvely you assumed he wanted you in some way to pleasure him. That the fumbling withdrawal of his cock; would be to add it to Ren’s or otherwise use one of your vacant hole. Therefore, the shock, and indignity of the first tinkling’s of piss against the back of your neck stilled your hips. Ren had as always anticipated his masters’ move, and your reaction. Your legs locked into place unable to give into the impulsive reaction, to scramble from him and quickly you remembered the cost of losing Hux’s game. Ignoring the ice blue eyes, peering down at you, you focused on Ren; resuming your grinding; as Hux drew out the humiliating act. The stream, of straw fluid trickled slowly down your spine, slow and steadily as he peed. Dripping between your ass cheeks, and onto Ren’s balls. Clearly, he enjoyed this treatment, of you, judging from the lidded way his eyes looked down at your desperate form. You however did not; though you made sure to kiss him, when he leaned down to do so afterwards. It was somehow more reprehensible than when Ren had peed inside you in the Throne room. Then at least your rape, and the theft of your innocence were the more hurtful events. Now the smell clung to you, the lukewarm liquid cooling, against the sweat bathed, heat flushed skin. He knelt behind you, somehow managing to avoid the puddle of urine, sinking into the rug beneath both you and Ren. His cock was hardening, the tip fluttering against your ass when your hips swung back. His fingers pressed down your body, stroking over the tops of your arms, and onto your breasts. Tweaking what were rapidly becoming over sensitive nipples. Bringing forth a groan from his lover beneath you, as your cunt twinged aggressively around his cock. It earnt you a growl from the man behind you, who disregarded the mess of sweat and drying piss at your back, to press closer to you. Running sharp teeth up the shell of your ear, as he murmured praise for you, wrapping an arm around your waist. Flicking Ren’s hands out of the way with a bored sigh, splaying his own across your lower abdomen. The presses he made at your stomach were firmer than Ren’s; not meant to be teasing at all, but indicative of his intentions. He pressed kisses to your cheek, eyes opened as he watched the building of red across the pale, breathless skin of your face. The tightening of your pelvic muscles against Hux’s treatment, was thankfully having the right effect on Ren. He loudly sang his praise for how tight it made you, begging Hux to repeat his action. He did; his groans, and the slapping of your wet sex, against his hips ringing from the chamber walls, as your own racing pulse filled your ears. By now you had gathered, that the real game Hux had signed you up for wasn’t fucking Ren, he wanted to see what Ren had told him about earlier. He was trying to induce the same shame filled look, you had given Ren when you wet yourself. Humming, he rolled the heel of his hand over the swell of your bladder, pressing deeper as your muscles burnt with control. It was far from inevitable that you would lose control soon, but pride wouldn’t let you give in. Your body taught against the rising need to let go; it would be soon. The anguished cry of disbelief was still as shocking to you, when you did though. The relief of your empty bladder, eclipsed by the humiliation, of the urine splattering over the hips you were forced in place over Ren. It fell in golden rivulets, onto the floor darkening the bottoms of Hux’s otherwise pristine clothing. Neither man chastised you for the stalling of your hips. Hux no doubt too taken with the indecent act he had just made you perform, his hand pushing you forwards, as Ren took hold of your hips. Replacing your thrusts with his own, fucking himself through his immediate orgasm; pumping, rope after rope of cum inside of you. Arching his back as behind you Hux laughed in wicked delight at your horror, at the mess. Ren was done with you, Hux was not. Therefore, it was with the well-practiced air of the fearfully obedient, that you followed the guiding push of his hands. Laying yourself out over Ren’s chest, as Hux thrust himself in replacement of Ren inside you. His thrusts were sharp and precise, keeping his hand in pressed down between your shoulder blades to keep you in place. Selfishly he used you, though you told yourself you couldn’t care less about the lack of climax for yourself as he came and withdrew himself. Sobbing into Ren’s chest as you bit down on your hand to calm yourself. Surprised all the more then; when lightly freckled hands lifted you from Ren. His hidden strength carrying you with ease into a waiting tub of clean water. Chapter 10 Notes: Thank you so much, to everyone who's kept up with this. I am so sorry for the sporadic updates, I've been so busy. Thank you so much for the comments, the kudos; it really helps to know what people think, how they're taking to it. For the first time since you had been ushered into Ren and Hux’s presence, they slept with you. Not that they just fucked you, but fell asleep in your presence. Something that you were supposed to have joined them in. It was odd to lie there next to them, somehow as invasive as the sex to have them here. This was supposed to be, the one bit of your day that should have been yours. Now it was stolen from you. The space you should have had private, to seep in peace was dominated by the two naked bodies entwined at your side. Their cuddled forms, another taunt to the closeness you were denied, but so desperately wanted. You were all alone in the world, and for all the harsh front these two portrayed to the world outside, they were very close to one another, very much in love. You however, were just a distraction, an unloved broken toy. Sniffling you rolled over onto your side, ignoring the scorching heat that emanated from their bodies. Hoping that by ignoring them, pretending you were alone; you could sleep. Forgetting Ren’s large form curled protectively around Hux’s slender form. Ren’s skin pale, but scattered with dark beauty spots and scars, contrasting with the milky white translucency of Hux’s freckled flesh. Hux as always, the centre of the room. Placed by Ren in the position of both power and safety. Sleep though wasn’t just slow to come, it was completely none existent in its arrival. The worries of the day, and your possible failure with Ren keeping it from you, as you tossed and turned. A gentle snore, and whimper from Ren, seemed to stir Hux to sleepy wakefulness. His lax frame twisting in Ren’s arms, reaching out for you, to bring your back flush to his silk clad chest. Stiffly you froze as he locked you between his arms, frowning at his obvious and unusual mistake. The surprisingly incorrect Hux, nuzzled up to the back of your neck; placing a lone kiss there. It was too affectionate for him to have realised it was you. Who then was he dreaming of? Did he think it Ren, or was it another of his concubines? Someone that mattered enough, to gain his affections, unlike you, who he dragged through hell every day. Shuddering in a silent sob, you did your best to ignore that line of thoughts, pushing them away. He was a powerful man, and you shouldn’t be envious of the kindnesses he bestowed on others, they were likely pitfall traps. You would be still skating on thin ice, it was only a matter of time before he argued Ren had fucked himself to completion, not you. It would leave you open to more threats of being gifted to his father, and whilst you had worked out Hux didn’t want to do that, you knew enough not to force his hand. It would be with reluctance, he would share you, but he had made his threat, and would keep it up. There was no room for mistakes to be made; he would, all be it unwillingly, be forced follow up with that threat. Whomever he thought you to be, he had assumed your tears were of frustration, not loneliness. His eyes closed in the gloomy half-light, his long pale lashes, reflecting the moonlight from the above window. The hand then that lifted the hem of your nightdress, were as equally out of character for him. His hands stroking your legs, dipping between your thighs. Muttering promises, not to let you have this next time, as his fingers finally soothed circles, into your regrettably still, swollen needy sex. You kept your panting low, quiet not daring to pull him to full awareness of your situation. Biting back small mewls, into the knuckles of your screwed-up fist. His wroth should he find you not to be whom he thought you to be, would be worse than this. It cost you less then to appear willing, to let yourself go for this sleep filled Emperor. Better this, than risk the hold he would gain over you; should he wake Ren and instruct him, to pry from you why you cried this time. Better to meet those flicks of his fingers, with minute rolls of your hips, than he realise how desperately you craved touch, even his. You were already so close; when he rolled you over, and onto your stomach, reaching inside his sleep pants to free himself. Climbing over your legs, pushing up the swell of your ass; to slide his cock inside of your waiting cunt. The thrusts he gave where slow, and shudderingly deep as he gripped your ass cheeks. Making you wonder how Ren slept on, through the thudding of the mattress, Hux’s fingers carving crescent shaped cuts, dented bruise marks into your skin. A low moan of something akin to pleasure, and anguish tore loose form your throat, quickly silenced in the hiccupping of a sob. Above you he shushed you, wiping tears from your cheeks, to press closed mouthed kisses to your salt tinged skin; his eyes never once opening, as hurried breaths fell against your ear. You lay there complacent for him, waiting for him to finish. Ignoring your clits throbbing demands to be touched, for you to come. You were above needing such things, especially from him. Over and over you reassured your body you didn’t even want it. Telling yourself; that the desire to cum, would pass when they were gone. That even if did not, then taking care of this when you were alone; would save you the shame of their constant control over you. “Rub your fucking clit.” The roughness of the quietly hissed command, was completely juxtaposed to the normally composed Hux. Making you press your hand instantly under your body, to follow his order like the well-trained slut he had you. Sliding it between you and the mattress to your yearning clit. He still couldn’t have caught on that it was you, and the charade had to continue. So you rubbed at your sex; neat little circles against the throbbing of your clit. Ignoring your burning cheeks, as you sunk another level into their depravity. Pleasuring yourself at his rape of you was a necessary effort to conceal your identity, he would demand more from you if you woke. If it gave you pleasure, then that was a better, safer cost to you; than him finding another weakness. It was only after he had felt the unmistakable clamp of your sex on his cock, that he came. Contriving to let go, only half a thrust behind you. Sighing in heavy closed-eyed pleasure; he buried his cock deep inside your pussy, mumbling expletives into the skin at your back. He waited a breath or two, stroking the side of your head, whilst he mumbled indecipherably quietly to himself. A second or two more, and he rolled neatly off your back, and into Ren’s waiting arms; leaving you bereft of his warmth and the previous human touch. You lay there a moment longer in the wet patch of your combined cum, trying to ignore the sensation of it leaking from your core. Doing your best in this less heated state, to control and quell both your confusion and your guilt at giving in so easily. A small part of you argued more profusely than the rest of you, that if had been wrong, that you should have held out. Whilst the rest of you argued, it had been if not your only choice, the wiser one. Exhausted, and your mind cleared of noise, you managed to sleep, the orgasm thankfully, making your limbs relaxed. Your body tired enough to fight off the incessant round of guilt in your mind, to give into the waiting folds of dreamless slumber. Grateful in the knowledge that he would probably forget it was you, as you were pulled once more back to him, to sleep in his surprisingly strong arms. You woke at full daylight, blinking sleep from your bleary eyes in the bright chamber. From the warmth seeping through the sunlight above, you realised you had slept through most of the morning, and it was almost midday. Stretching out in the large bed, you curled around yourself into the sheets. Your head still groggy with sleep, but yourself for once rested and alert. You were alone, not even the handmaidens had entered yet, all of them following Ren’s orders that you were to be left to sleep. It was therefore your intention to lay there longer, to enjoy the solitude. To delay being disturbed; and the organised chaos that came with your daily schedule, for as long as you could possibly manage. However, the pressing need to go pass water, had you sulking off to the bathroom. It was when you had finished your abolitions, that they entered the bed chamber. Nobody shouting out as much as a grunt in greeting. Just the patter of footsteps, and the wafting smell of caff through the refresher door. They allowed you to eat, before dressing you for the day. Your gown another, made of flimsy layers of shimmering fabric, the colour again just right. The material so thin and pale it clearly displayed the darker coloured lingerie you wore beneath it. The neckline cut obscenely and unnecessarily low, showing the swell of your breasts, the skirts cinched tight at your waist, all overshadowed by the oppressive silver, of your collar. You were escorted by the palace guards, once more into Hux’s audience chamber. Climbing the marble clad steps of the throne dais, without instruction, kneeling in place, ready to serve. This time, pillows seemed to have been added, for you, and you sank down onto them. Appreciative of both their thick padding at your knees and the protection from the chill of the marble floor. It was a tiny nod of concern to his pet’s more fragile and less conditioned body. Whilst he kept you clearly shackled, lest you mistake him taking care of your physical wellbeing, for an act of affection towards you as an individual. Chains attached you again to the gold and red throne, like some ornamented doll. Another jewelled accessory for him to show off, a display of absolute power to dangle over the heads of his subjects. The wait for your masters to join you, seemed to take forever to your aditated and anxiety fuelled body. It was made worse by the slowly increasing trickle of people intending to seek Hux’s audience, and gawp at you on display. Their pointed looks of disgust at you making you curl up on yourself, as though it would somehow protect yourself from their stares. Deciding in their absences to risk Hux’s displeasure, and hide your face in the pillows beneath you. Feigning either sleep or disinterest in them, and their sharp worded appraisals of your body. Telling yourself they couldn’t touch you, not with the guard’s present. But their looks, the snarls, and pursed lips still hurt, and some graphic suggestions of what to do with you were beyond terrifying. You scrunched your eyes tight, and somehow the pretending gave into actual sleep in your boredom. You found yourself waking in panic; when a heavily booted foot, set its self down, next to your head. The crack of the thick sole against the cold floor, ringing a loud clap in the suddenly silent room. At first you hurried to raise yourself in panic to your knees, stopped by the heavy press of invisible weights at your back. Someone shouted out a rude joke about Hux tiring you out, offering cruder still suggestions to keep you from falling asleep. It was something which earnt the idiot a black look, and you watched the cant of Hux’s head towards you in your peripheral vision. Supressing the shiver that came with the assumption, the Hux would have no problems blaming the man’s suggestion, on you later. Furiously you berated yourself for giving in to your fear. You shouldn’t have been sleeping, you knew better, you should have instead been ready, appeared alert. Whispering your apologies to the ground, you sat back on your heels in obeisance. Ready to carry out his wishes, not daring to risk another look at him, he would make his displeasure known soon enough. An hour went by before he took notice of you. Your legs almost numb from the position, you kept in. Your toes wiggling in desperation, sadly demanding more of your attention, than the room. It was then to some shock then, when Hux turned to address you his voice calm patiently waiting. “Well what you think of it all Pet?” Before him stood the new Zeltron home-world Ambassador, Veer’s replacement. A man whom by the faint tinge of overly pink skin on display; was not entirely human. You brain ran through the possible questions, coming up blanc with suggestions. The swell of panic, rising-up like bile in your mouth, tightening your throat to the realisation, you couldn’t answer him. Mouth dry you let you gaze reach as far as Emperor Hux’s chest, not daring to look higher unbidden. Wondering why he had tried to draw you into this discussion? What was the trap, and how were you to pay the price? If Hux had realised your predicament, he declined to show it. Humming in both thought and boredom as he metered out more information, but still not enough. “Veers, Pet. Novak thinks you’re sympathetic to his escape.” A hand slipped over your shoulder, raising to the barest hint of finger tips against your neck as you kept in place before him. You had no idea to what he was alluding, nor did you want another taunt at your supposed Resistance sympathiser. You didn’t for one minute doubt Ren’s assessment of him, the man made your skin crawl. You snapped, the irritation at the pins and needles in your legs, as much the cause as your frustration, at having to protest your innocence again. “Your Majesty; I cannot abide the man, and I don’t care to discuss him.” The roll of annoyance in your reply seemed to amuse Hux, and it earnt the Ambassador a smattering of laughter from the audience. You got the smallest of impressions that Hux was pleased with you, probably because it played straight into his hands. Once again Hux was rewarding failure with open mocking, was it the Ambassadors or your own? Either way another was being herded straight into the trap, he laid you as bait for. “See Novak, even she couldn’t care less, and would like him delivered to me to face trail. Isn’t that so Pet?” You nodded obediently trying to look appreciative of Hux’s order, whilst also keep your face neutral. Devoid of any shock, at the seemingly lack of punishment at your earlier failure. The meaning behind Hux’s questions, obvious by the Ambassadors reaction to you. They were still hunting Veers, the man no doubt was exactly where Hux wanted him, but to the new Zeltron ambassador; it was no doubt still an open display of his failure. They carried on their discussion, the Ambassador respectful of Hux, and thankfully barely looking at you. Veers had made your skin crawl with his perverse desire to bed his Emperor’s whore; to this man you were simply just Rebel Scum. Unworthy even of being, beneath the ground he would choose to spit on. Now alert to their subtle power exchange, you watched with interest. Eagerly awaiting the moment the trap would spring full circle on this man, whilst trying to discern the best and worst possible outcome for you. A low spoken order to change position, allowing you to curl up at Hux’s feet, splaying yourself out as gracefully as you could muster. Half of you wanted to see Emperor Hux, to make another suggestion of a First Order garrison being stationed there; just to see this Novak more wound up. That was after all what he was manipulating the situation towards, giving the man enough rope to hang himself. As much as the new ambassador Novak, was trying to suggest that you were somehow in cahoots with Veers, Hux kept his cards close to his chest. He knew you were equal parts terrified and disgusted by him, but wasn’t letting that on to Novak. You hated this man for all his cold indifference to you, more than Veer’s slobbering and Novak’s apparent outright distain of you. Both were clearly incompetent in Hux’s opinion, at the job, and whilst you hated him, you had to admit; Hux was the very epitome of competence; if he thought them lacking they would be. Whilst a part of you wanted him to defy his Emperor. To refuse to bow to his demands, he had already made that choice, guilty by association. It was therefore difficult to keep your own face open, and devoid of the sneer threatening to form as the man droned on at Hux about difficulties he apparently faced from descenders. You had been in the presence of politics only a matter of months, but already you had learnt more rules than this preening pup when bargaining with Emperor Hux. He, or Ren took care of all threats made against him, and this man was one way or another making them, by not accepting his wishes. He would be far safer accepting the garrison, as would the people he claimed to protect. It was Ren who paid attention to you first; crouching to pet the top of your head. Summoning your attention to him for an odd show of reassurance, before announcing his discovery of your closeted frustration, to a wider audience. His rumbling voice ringing out as much as a challenge, at anyone who would decline to listen, as his raised sabre would have been. “Even the Resistance Scum you think is beneath you, knows you would be safer to accept your Emperors’ offer of assistance.” The look of triumph was meant, in some kindly way to comfort you, before he turned his black look back on the visitor. So, this was their intention; to place you in harm’s way, and use your lowly status to humiliate the ambassador. It was risky to take pride in it, but you did a little. Stopped when he chose to look down his nose at you, for the first time truly taking stock of you. If his opinion of you changed he didn’t show it; unfeeling eyes that would give Hux a run for his credits, staring up at your elevated position of submission. Why did each player in this powerhouse need to be so cruel, so belittling of you? So damned unfeeling and bloody inhumane, in the ways they acted towards you. Behind you the air changed, and something about the positioning of Ren’s feet and the squaring up of Novak’s shoulders, made you realise both were ready to spring. It was a brave man who would stand up to Kylo Ren, and it was Hux who took control back. Choosing to centre Novak’s attention back on you, not on his consort. “Do you Pet, how clever of you.” The taunt could have been meant for you, a backhanded complement, but you doubted it. He reached down to pull your face to him, pulling you up between his legs. Tapping your cheek in a silent order to look at him, you did your eyes expressive and wide; frightened. His tone was patronising, but the look in his eyes spoke of something else, he was pleased with you. This was a game, you were both the bait and the sting, and you were unwittingly playing your part beautifully. “What else do you think of him Pet?” You shook your head, your tongue stuck to the roof of your mouth, though wisely kept your eyes on him. It was a minute action, but the only answer you could give. It was one that spoke of your terror, you didn’t want to go here, Veers had been bad enough. Novak gave a confident reply, heavily flavoured through with his distaste and disinterest in you and Hux’s request for your opinion. That was foolish of him, to deny Hux’s authority and superiority. Trying to dismiss Hux’s request for your opinion had been a stupid move for him, but one no less dangerous for you. You drew back on your heels in fear, trying to look as small and helpless as you could muster, the last thing you needed was to be caught in their crossfire. You were hardly a politician and wouldn’t have wanted that role here anyway, but the Emperor had spoken, and it demanded an answer. Quickly you ran through what little option were left to you; what was your next move, how were you supposed to proceed? Everything in you wanted to look towards Ren for guidance, knowing that he was in tuned to both of you, that he knew exactly what Hux wanted. You ignored that itch, your tongue darting over your rouged painted lips, taking in a deep breath. Little subtle moved you made in an attempt at playing for time, as internally you screamed to run. It was probably for the control, you exercised, that they threw you a lifeline. Hux pulling you over his lap, cooing in feigned pity at Novak. “Nothing Pet?” You shook your head, this time a larger gesture than before, lowering your line of sight to his chest. He would be cross, and humiliated tears threatened to fall, as you sank into the numbing dread of what was to come. You squirmed in his lap nervous for what was to come. Knowing that at some point your ass would pay for that, but you were honestly floundering. If you spoke it would add another dangerous addition to the sea of monsters before you, if you didn’t the one at your back would attack, and he was worse. Trying to decipher how he would debase you, in retribution for your silence. He sighed, a pretend noise at boredom, playing your reluctance off to his advantage. Drawing a slow line with his index finger down the centre of your cleavage, he pulled your gaze up to him; frowning as though in deep thought. It was not an overtly sexual action, and nothing like him ordering Ren to fuck you on top of his throne. But it spoke volumes to Novak; his seemingly uneducated, and unrefined whore, was of a higher importance right now to him, than the governor of an entire planet. “Nothing.” There was a deep breath of silence, before you finished, by adding his honorific title. Ensuring you called him not just Emperor, naming him your Emperor too. You could have gone on more to humble yourself, to make yourself feel safer; but instead Hux dismissed you. Instructing a nearby guard to provide an escort for you, to your rooms. You fled as dignified as you could from the throne dais, and subsequently Hux’s audience chamber as gracefully as you could manage. Keeping your gait slow steady, head held high and graceful; everything you knew would please your master. It was only outside and when secure in your chamber that you allowed yourself to think. He hadn’t dismissed you to spare you any possible bloodshed, nor to save face should he want to use you. So the only option left to you was that your inability to answer had badly displeased him somehow. He’d never beaten you, or offered corporal punishment before a large audience, that was something he had saved for private. That had to be what was to happen now, silently you paced the waxed floor of your room. Hands clutching at your stomach, as much for something to ease it, as to pummel the painful worry it held. No attendants arrived, leaving you to face your nervous wait alone, adding at least one positive; there would be no witnesses to your chastisement. So now as you paced heavy heated footsteps onto the wooden floor, you lowered all expectations; knowing you’d either played your part well as bait, or failed as he predicted you would. This outcome would have been the same regardless of how you had performed. The psychological side of Hux’s games, was always the part that weakened you the most. You were helpless, he knew it; and made sure to remind you repeatedly, and often. Offer you choices when there were none, somehow make it seem like there was hope, or a way to lessen their perversions; all the while knowing you were trapped. The door opening made you drop suddenly to your shaky knees, curling over yourself, forehead pressed to the floor. Much more a genuflexion of fearful worship, than the graceful and ready position of submission he wanted, but your knees wouldn’t hold you. To raise you so much, to let you fall meant whatever he wanted to do to you, must have been bad. The ends had to justify the means, and Hux was capable of elaborating and designing such a scenario. One that could only be the construct, of your demise into their forced debauchery. You visibly flinched under the hand that patted your head. How much more scared where you then; when he pulled you to your feet, pushing you back onto an oversized chair. “Good girl Pet; Novak is making the final arrangements with Ren; he has agreed to station a garrison on Zeltros.” You failed to see how, any of this achievement had been yours. You’d offered no advice or help, simply answered the questions offered to you. You’d been nothing more than a shiny bauble, an unwilling display of his power. How could you have offered anything, chained to his throne like a powerless animal? “Now shall we see to your reward?” You repeated the word; reward, with a confused squeak. Watching, trembling afresh, as the man fell to his knees before you. Lifting your skirts to your knees, kissing each one, before pushing the fabric higher, towards your hips. The now familiar, gloved fingers running circles up your inner thighs. His eyes never leaving yours, open, inexpressive, but somewhat more relaxed than his usual glacial stare, as the hands rose higher. Your breath came hard and shaky, heart thudding in your mouth waiting for him to pounce, for his actions to change, and become nasty. The breath that preceded the touch of his lips against your silk clad sex, made you tense. Your body, still expecting the sobering slap or comment that could at any point. Not this gentle burying of his nose between your thighs. The coldness of the rushing air through his nostrils, as he breathed so deeply into your sex. The fingers that plucked your knickers from you were firm and confident. The opposite of your shaking form, waiting for his mood to sour. Hux had never offered you pleasure, for pleasures sake alone, it always came as a distasteful reward for allowing him to take his own pleasure from your body. You wouldn’t have chosen to take it if given a choice. It was always measured out as a control mechanism, one meant to cheapen and demean you, never just to please you. “Relax.” The discarded panties fell to one side of the chair, as he tossed them away, pushing you back to recline in the chair. He pulled your legs open, no doubt enjoying your confusion, as much as he was gorging himself on your fear. His silver-blue eyes watching your body intently, as you leaned back, peering down at the silken russet tresses at your sex. Resting barely a heart beat on your own wide eyes, until lowering those copper-red lashes to his cheeks, driving his mouth in a French kiss into your folds; teasing them open to his touch. This softness set you on edge far more than his other twisted games. His arm pressing down on your stomach to keep you in place, when you jumped at the first pass of the tip of his tongue at your clit. You weren’t relaxed, nor could you follow his order to do so, too untrusting of him, to used to having to jump quickly to save yourself. He pressed firmly on your stomach, the position pushing your hips down to the seat, your shoulders resting somewhere half up the chair back. Raising your sex in a forced offering to his mouth, and he devoured you like a lithe cat does its prey, tiny nips and suck punctuated by darts of his clever tongue. Not since the first time he had taken you, had Hux chosen to eat you out, seeming to prefer to watch Ren do it for him. He had tasted you, on his lover’s lips, or sucked your juices from fingers; but this was something you hadn’t really given thought to him even wanting to do. He clearly did though, tonguing you with more careful skill than Ren’s larger tongue. Emperor Hux’s technique meticulously seeking the parts that involuntarily made you gasp, your hips threatening to give in and rock against his face. The smug little chuckle, was the first indication that he had guessed, your enjoyment of this act. His eyes looking up to you, from his position between your legs. His hair infuriatingly perfect, as eyes blown wide with lust watched you. Your cheeks blossomed pink, warming at his touch and the realisation you were. The first muted cry slipped past your lips, before you realised you had been supressing it, and at the first tiny rutting of your hips; he gripped you tighter pulling you harder to his face. The tiny snarl he gave was so unlike him, and so quiet; that if it wasn’t for the vibrations it set off against your slickened skin, you would have mistaken it for a heavy breath. It shocked you, the most animated he had ever been, and this the only time he had ever placed your pleasure above his own. Teeth gripped your clit, his tongue coaxing the most sensitive parts from under your hood, and trembling with something so different to fear now; you reached above you to grip the back of the head rest. The warm breath at your ear was unmistakably Ren, a warning before another set of hands came into play, these ones gripping your wrists in place behind your head. He made no move to join Hux, simply holding you in place relaying the brokered deal, whilst his Emperor worked harder at your sex. Twice you pulled back your approaching orgasm, before you had to give into it, Ren’s relaying of information, paused as he praised you for letting go. Your thighs cramping against Hux’s head, a wail of pleasure ringing in your ears, one mouth nuzzling at the soft curve of your neck, the other pressing tiny kisses against your sensitive pearl. You so lost on your wave of pleasure, and the juddering aftershocks created by Hux’s lips, you barely recognised their still ongoing discussion. Managing at best to only to grasp the general plan. There was an agreement for one night, in exchange for as many First Order Troopers as the Emperor wished to send. It was as you came down from the words exchanged filtered into your consciousness. You looked up at Ren, his gaze pointedly looking down at his Emperor, waiting you realised. The deal had not been finally brokered, he was waiting for Hux to confirm one final part. Tensing up ready, realization hit you like a lead weight of apprehension. Hux snarled at this, his face a mask of utter distaste as he voiced his final barter. “Tell him one night Ren, and we are there on the planet with her.” Chapter 11 Summary: This chapter may contain triggers, worse than previous chapters. I refuse to state what they are, but if you are unsure ask and I will provide my email address, if you read it and it feel you need to talk about any of them with me, or (UK only I'm afraid) a health professional ask me. I can give you a heads up of where to go. I also have to apologise, I didn’t mean for the passage of time in this chapter to last so long or take all of the paths it did. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) A week went by and neither, Hux nor Ren would speak to you regarding the deal they had made with Novak. You didn’t really expect them to either, whilst you didn’t dare to outright demand it from Hux; Ren you did. At first your fear made you petulant, to the point of brattish pouting, moving on to screaming demands. Your terror at what they had agreed to, of the unknown quantity that was Novak; making you more scared of him than you were of Ren’s temper. At least with Ren you knew what to expect he found your fear endearing, this Novak outright despised you, nothing good could come of your time with him. Whatever had induced him to ask for you in the first place left you perplexed, and you didn’t like it. Eventually even Ren grew weary of your fear, using a Sith mind domination trick, to stop you from asking. The mind domination, didn’t quell the rising tide of fear, that engulfed you daily. The silence leaving you alone to your imagination, and its macabre machinations at what he would do with you. Nightly your dreamless sleep; turned to horror filled nightmares. One’s that woke you more suddenly and alone than the recurring dreams of Ren and Hux fucking you, ever had. Leaving you alone and shivering, drenched in fear-sweat in the pre-dawn dark. It didn’t stop them from using your body though. Alone or together, they visited you daily, rutting into you, like animals. Wringing from you, every drop of pleasure you could spare; and often more. Exhausted and unable to find any rest; you were beyond weary. The precious little undisturbed sleep you could catch oddly, in the handful of moments when they lay still next to you. Too tired to focus, but too full of anxious energy to sleep. In the small light of dawn, you berated yourself for ever believing Ren’s assurance that you were not to be shared. How could you have forgotten that all you were to these men, was a hole to be filled, just another flesh covered toy to break. Another week went by, and whilst your presence had summoned daily, for this week neither man touched you. You ate each meal with them, retiring to bed only when they dismissed you. It made you anxious, to be untouched; not sure what you had done wrong. For them leaving you untouched, you were grateful, yet it would have been better had they left you alone. Their closeness, in their precious few moments alone, but for your company; a nauseating jab at your loneliness. The seven cycle stretch, was not the longest you had been without their touch. But it was the longest time, in their company without physical contact, but neither man seemed to take interest in providing you with any. At the end of those seven cycles, you bled again, the handmaidens no doubt rushing to report your blood-stained sheets, straight to their Emperor. He had not arrived as breathlessly, or as quickly as before. Ren joining him, a mere handful of clicks later, all attendants dismissed from their presence. The Emperor’s face was unreadable as he wordlessly looked you over. Quietly conferring with Ren, their voices hushed as they looked pointedly at you. The Emperor shaking his head once, before approaching you with slow clipped strides. Neither man spoke, and apprehensive at their stern faces, you drew back; until the wall at your back halted you, from proceeding any further. They split, both trapping you like deer, being circled by Chlovi-Cats pinning you in place, as Ren’s fingers pressed to your temple. “What have you taken little Pet; show me.” His voice was strained and the mind probe he performed, was neither quick nor gentle. It left you unconscious before he was done. Waking hours later, your clothing soaked with sweat, and alone, except for the detached attendants. They offered you drugs for your pains, but nobody offered you comfort, as you sobbed uncontrollably into your pillow, unsure how you could have prevented Ren’s mind rape. None of made sense, you were allowed nothing they did not provide you with, nothing they didn’t already know about. It didn’t help that you never found out what he was looking for, or what he was alluding to. If they just told you, you would tell them. Hux distanced himself from you for the short time, you bled. Making you wonder what he found so abhorrent about your body, this cycle, when last time he had enjoyed watching you with Ren. All human women had a menstrual cycle, or at least all with reproductive capabilities did. If the Emperor Hux didn’t like that then there were ways of stopping that available to him. Avenues you would be happy for him to take, even if he took the decision away from you, even a permanent solution if needed. The chances of you ever being free to have a normal family were gone. Even if you were freed, tainted as you were now; where would you go to? How was it possible to ever escape having been the Emperor’s whore? Nobody would want you for more than a trophy, for a thing to possess. For all Hux left you alone, Ren wouldn’t stay away. He called on you daily, seemingly obsessed with a bizarre fascination for your blood as his finger caressed your sex. Making you writhe in painful orgasms, that left your clit aching, but at least soothed your cramps. His touch was light, and could almost have been meant as gentle, but to your swollen breasts and abdomen it wasn’t. His fingers and mouth all over you as he painted both your bodies, with the russet colored fluids. Not shy of running his tongue through your folds to leave your gasping, before pressing you into the mattress to slowly fuck. He made such as mess, your blood leaving the sheets so darkly stained you were sure, they would never come clean. Nothing was hurried and he teased you constantly throughout the sessions, his fingers brushing your mind. This time painlessly searching your thoughts even though he never asked again what you had taken, nor hinted at what he searched for. It made you cross that he could be so gentle when it pleased him, the mind probe didn’t have to hurt. He just made sure it did, to both humiliate you, and keep you on your toes. The increased hormones, and his confusing touch, left you on a shorter fuse, and he took amusement at your intensified temper. Laughing frequently at your replies; cruelly enjoying the increased ease at which you took his bait, whilst mocking you more seriously, for your lack of spirit if you didn’t. “Your hormones make you, more depressive Pet.” This you managed to ignore, though the rising tide of anger was difficult to keep from you face. The change in hormones, wasn’t to blame, there treatment of you was. You’d been assured so many times, that this was as bad as it got, that they were the worst you would have to face. It wasn’t clearly, and you had to face the facts, berating yourself, that you had thought you were safer. That as his whore, his possession you meant more, that he was above sharing you. You allowed yourself to think back to the day Veers had asked for you. The possessiveness in Hux’s actions as he took you, had made you foolishly think him above this latest game. A quietly spoken order to look as him, drew your attention back to the man hovering over you. Ren gripped your chin, pulling your face to where he could study it, his voice losing that hash taunting tone. The question still cold, but with the change in timbre making it less so than before. “Is being our pet, really such a hard life, you want for nothing.” His eyes searched yours calmly. The look of confusion in them, forcing another wave of fury. He wasn’t teasing he honestly thought you were being unreasonable. That your lot in this life, as his sex-slave was good. It wasn’t him being entirely cruel, then but it hurt no less. Surely, he was not the ignorant, couldn’t he sense how it made you feel? Yes, you were clothed in expensive fabrics and jewellery. Physically you could want for nothing, you had attendants dancing around you all day. But there was so much you wanted for; companionship, freedom, the right to make simple choices about your life. There was so much you needed for this to be a life. You knew that arguing for them would not bring results; only more punishments, but it was the one jibe that went too far. “I’m a prisoner of war, not your pet!” You spat the words between clenched teeth, your tongue feeling the weight behind each word. It wasn’t that he didn’t know those things, he just didn’t care. He clasped a hand in each wrist, pinning them either side of your head, raising an eyebrow in warning at your struggles. His cheek rubbed yours, the rougher stubble rasping on your softer cheek. He pressed harder, forcing your face to one side, pulling one earlobe past his lips. Holding it with his teeth, as he flicked his tongue over it, his voice husky, deep with lust as he spoke. “No Pet you’re not the spoils of war. There is no war.” Above you the gigantic form hovered, lower, his chest rubbing across your torso, his mouth sinking lower, teasing your breasts to swollen peaks. His legs kicked yours wider; to make room for his hips to slip between them, chest to chest as he nibbled over the column of your neck. His cock thick with blood, his hips rutting as he rubbed it into your cunt. His mouth close enough that you could feel each laboured breath, in the crook of your neck. There wasn’t time for you to reply, his cock pushed slowly into you; groaning appallingly loud at the slow intrusion into your sex. “Maker, you’re so tight, so wet. Your cunt threatens to squeeze me dry each time, I take you.” It was a completely unnecessary thing to say, making your face pale, sickened by the comment. You would have looked away, tried to ignore his use of your body, if it wasn’t for the pinch he gave at your clit each time you tried. His mouth teasing each nipple alternatively, threatening to bite harder against your painfully tender breast, when you tried to silence your moans. Quietly you sobbed, knowing this was likely what he had chased; your tears. Refusing to answer when almost disinterestedly, he voiced what could only be, mock concern at you crying. He knew you were frightened and why, and would likely not tolerate you asking him again, not to send you to Novak. When you didn’t answer, he gave the curt command for you to roll over, onto your knees. You turned over, burying your face into the pillow, your sobs not as muted as he’s hoped for. He crawled over your back, his chest warm against the chill of your bare back, lifting your hair to better access your neck. His cock sheathed itself back inside you with ease, summoning the Force to swirl patterns of thicken air against your clit, pounding you faster and faster as your cunt clenched tighter on his cock. The slow thrusting was still almost brutal against your swollen cervix, his hips managing to snap back on each swing, just in time to save it from bruising. He pressed your face harder into the pillow, growling as he pumped into you, muttering low to himself. Ren waited until you’d come, before he took his release inside of you. Ensuring you found pleasure in your humiliation, before he would take his own from you. It didn’t stop you from sobbing though, begging him one last time not to send you to another’s bed. Promising to do better, to be better, anything Hux needed you to be; if they wouldn’t send you. He ignored you, huffing a puff of warm hair as he reached for you. Making you flinch at the fingertips that reached your temple, brushing aside your hair. His touch not the blow expected, but a gentle pressure of Force, a small suggestion of oblivion, that washed calmness over you, terrified mind. It allowed you to sleep for the first time in almost two weeks a full night of dreamless sleep. He didn’t leave you that night, and it was only when you woke early to him leaving in the morning, that you realised you had slept through the night. Ren came to your chambers no more, during the last two days of your period, though you were still summoned. Hux breaking with his previous reluctance to have you around him. Once to sit in the gardens with both men, another to lay before the Emperor’s throne, as he held audience to his subjects. On neither occasion, did Hux leave himself alone with you, and whilst he cosseted you, your body seemed to hold no sexual appeal to him. It came as a shock then to find him in your bed-chamber a few days after your period had ended. He had fetched another man with him, a doctor you soon realised; and you were told to hold still as he performed various checks on you. From the easy manor they conversed with one another, you gathered they knew each other well. Making you wonder if this was the Emperor’s personal physician, or someone he knew from his days as a general. The check-up was through; making you suspicious that it was more than it seemed, and the doctor already alert to Hux’s suspicions. You were too, though they were pointless; you had taken nothing, you had nothing to take, nobody to give you anything. The Doctor drew various fluids, and samples, all under the watchful eye of the Emperor. The physician professional in his procedures as he was the reporting of each result back to his Emperor. You expected Hux to remain impartial, not to offer a hand where it was needed. His efficiency reminding you, that for all his now elevated status, Hux had once been a practical man, a soldier. The preliminary tests all came back normal, prompting him to suggest more invasive tests. Hux gave his permission, and the Doctor removed new apparatus from his bag; a speculum, and swabs. You were coldly instructed to remove your underwear, and raise your skirts. You did so, loathed to let another stranger look at your intimate areas, but knowing there was no choice. Stiffly reclining onto the bed, as the medic spread lubricant on a speculum. You were told to spread your legs, feet flat to the bed. You did, trying to ignore that your womanhood was held open to both men’s gaze, as the physician slid in the speculum. Hux adding his instructions for you to breathe, as you jumped at the cold metal invading you. A click, and you were held open, stretching your walls tight; an width that given your nervousness, was too much. He twirled the lock into place, before peering under your skirts to look. You knew how smear tests worked, you’d had those before, and assumed this to be something similar; him checking for abnormalities. But this was before your rape, now every action to your sex seemed too invasive, too destructive of the tatters of your confidence. Hux seemed genuinely interested by the procedure, asking questions of the equipment used. It would be something he would have little, experience of, and none as personal as you, your thought as he leaned closer to have a look inside you as, the doctor quickly worked. A pointless act, since he hardly had the Doctors skill set, or knowledge. The Doctor took more samples from you internally. Informing the Emperor there was no apparent signs of infection, nor pregnancy, but he would need to perform longer tests. There was a good thing, if your period wasn’t proof enough, here was a doctor’s assurance that again, you had dodged the bullet. Both men continued discussing your health as though you not in the room, and you were certainly not allowed a say in any of it. The Doctor finished, he went to remove the speculum, stopped by a command from Hux to leave the apparatus in place. His behaviour betrayed nothing odd in his Emperor’s order, and he moved quickly to gather all other equipment back into his case. He lowered your skirts for your, before bidding his Emperor farewell. Bowing as he promised to have the results to him as soon as he knew, leaving you awash with another level of dread. There had been no mention of contraception, if they were loaning you out, surely there should be at least a discussion on it. Emperor Hux waited until the man had finished gathering the test material, showing him from the room. The speculum was still in place, and sitting up was too uncomfortable, so you were left just laying there; waiting. A click sounded the closing of the door, and your ears strained for the precise footsteps that preceded Hux climbing to the foot of the bed. The mattress moved, and your skirts were pulled up again, air swirling around your bared, synth-lubricated sex. There was the rustling of fabric, and the jangle of a buckle opening, before the Emperor spoke, his voice strained with thought. “Somebody is poisoning you, Pet.” Eyes fixed on the ceiling, you swallowed hard, ignoring his comment as you gave into melancholy. If somebody was poisoning you, good; it would shorten your stay here. It would mean less of him, and less chance he “Who is it little-pet, what are they giving you?” You raised yourself onto your elbows, not entirely sure if you had heard that, how you would know that. Surely by its very definition, being poisoned suggested a substance administered by someone you didn’t know. How could you know, you knew nothing! Nobody came to you he didn’t allow through those door, your handmaidens were loyal only to him. Spluttering out your confusion, your brain desperate for your mouth to form more than the incredulous, ‘what” you managed. His head dipped closer to your exposed sex, and from this angle you were forced to watch him. Too frightened to look away in case he would suddenly lash out at you. He hummed, pushing one knee, to further splay your sex; every part of it open to his gaze. You blushed, stupidly after all this time still uncomfortable that he saw your more intimate areas bare. His hand ran from your knee, up the skin of your thigh, closer to your bared cunt. A finger tweaked the speculum, making you jump, as much from the general nervousness you lived in around this man, as from the uncomfortableness of the action. You shook. A shiver running your spine at both at the threat hidden in his question, and the soft brush of fingertips at the walls of your open sex. They ran circles around you inside, nothing hard or cruel; just a fascination with your insides. The leather-clothed fingers, brushed your cervix and you gasped, holding your breath, as you tried to hold still to the intrusion. What he was doing to you; how he was touching you, would have been pleasurable, if this had of been someone you trusted. As it was, each muscle was pinned tight with stress, waiting for him to strike; the fear he induced like a barbed hook at your gut. You shook your head, dizzy with the slow breaths you took to belay the coming panic attack. Your actions, not denial but supposed confusion, in case it had escaped his notice that’s what women did. You were not about to enter discussion, on this latest way to control your body. So far, you could count yourself lucky that you hadn’t found yourself pregnant, he obviously knew by now you could have been. He was too clever to not know how these things worked. Surely, he knew you risked it if he sent you to Novak. His hand pumped at his cock, his gaze trained on your cunt, his jaw clenching and unclenching as he worked to get himself off. He moved to kneel between your open leg, the wet sounds of flesh, slapping as he beat his cock, holding it above the entrance to your womb. You’d close your eyes if it wasn’t so bizarre, this act he performed. As it was, you had never seen him do something so self-debasing, this wanking himself off more Ren’s forte than his. It was made odder that he looked so insanely pristine. as he worked over his cock. His face a stern mask of self composure, his eyes glued to the entrance to your womb. He brought the fingers of his spare hand to his lips, perfect white teeth pinching the black end, as he dragged it from his hand to toss aside. It shouldn’t feel that good, but as the naked fingers brushed across your cervix, you gave a little moan. The bare skin even softer against the delicate flesh, the stroking actions somehow more erotic than you could have guessed. His eyes, closed to slits, though they never once left your pussy, his hand pumping his cock as he held it inside your gaping channel. The heavy rise and fall of his chest, the only show that this was in anyway enjoying this. Even as he came, his concentration was fixed straight on your insides. You felt the splatter of his seamen, before you had realised he had given into his orgasm, searing against the unprotected entrance to your womb. His fingers stilling in their movement though never leaving you, lest he hurt that part of you he deemed most valuable. The simple groan, through clenched teeth, was all the noise he ever permitted himself as he came. The fingers at your cervix picked up their movements, swirling his seed inside you before he stood. Holding the sticky fingertips to your lips, as he shifted his movements obvious as you realised you had company. Obediently you sucked the bitter seed off them, the lubricant the physician had used slicking your lips, Ren stood to one side, his cock hard and ready in the palm of his hand. He waited to be told to approach you, by his lover, bending one knee to the bed. Lowering himself to where he could wank over the entrance of your cunt. His treatment of you was much the same as Hux’s, though he was quicker to spill his seed inside you and unafraid to show pleasure in the act. Both sets of eyes looking at your face, your features one of absolute mortified disgust, as they removed the speculum. Their fastidious infatuation with the medical equipment, had made it impossible to ignore their reasoning to today’s interaction with them. They enjoyed playing with your fear, but it was a more viable option, given Hux’s displeasure at your periods, that he wanted you pregnant. “I need heirs pet.” Either he had guessed your calculating, or he had finally chosen to share with you the depths that he was prepared to sink to. It was probably the former, given that what he was already despicable enough to force you into this unknowingly. Then his fingers brushed your cheek so gently, that in another time this would have been an act of intimacy. It threw you, and here and now, it made you feel sick. Finally free of the speculum, you struggled to be free of them too. Desperation overriding your common sense; you needed to wash, to clean yourself of their deposits, you could not risk conception. Despite all the other time’s they had cum inside you, none made you despise them more than this time. Their admission, forcing you to deal with what they expected of you. Despite the velocity and strength of your struggle to escape, Hux’s hands were surprisingly tough. They easily held you in place, waiting until you had tired yourself out; for Ren’s fingers to stroke at your clit. It seemed a pointless waste of time, and such an invasion on your panic, that against your better judgement; you dared to question Hux. Asking him why if he needed heirs so badly, then why send you to Novak. Why not marry and use a more acceptable broodmare than you. You were lower than low to these people, they would never accept you, and you would never be seen as fitting. For all your anger, you honestly strove your hardest, to keep a level of courteousness in your voice. Your stomach in knots; no matter how unbearably bad this current situation was, Hux could always contrive to make it worse. He declined to answer everything, but his reasoning for sending you to Novak. “Because you are not in an acceptable state for me to refuse him. This wouldn’t have been an option for him, if you were in any other condition.” Bile threatened to choke you at those words. Was he serious, had you of being carrying his child, would it have really saved you from Novak. Or was Novak a punishment for you not having conceived his child, shakily you held back from asking, too frightened of the answer. You still asked Ren to stop his touch at your clit, remembering to address the powerhouse in this relationship too. To your surprise Hux nodded at Ren, as simple gesture that stilled his hands, as he scrambled to lie the opposite side to Hux. They allowed you to pull back your dress, though that was as far as you could escape. It was pointless to ask if you could move, and so you laid there, both men spooning you, as you gave into the exhausted, hopelessness of your situation. Today you were unlikely to have conceived, the dates were all wrong, though it did nothing to stop what was to eventually come of you. Begging was pointless, you had spent months doing it, but then again so was crying; but you continued to do it. Fat tears, rolling down your cheeks, as you pleaded with him to use someone else, someone willing. Somehow you doubted they would allow you an attachment to a possible child, and Hux’s cold demeanour was hardly conducive to one having a happy upbringing. No, more likely that you would give birth; only to have the flesh and blood you carried for nine months, torn from your arms, given over to someone else to raise. You knew Hux was capable of feeling love, of caring it was obvious from how he looked at Ren. But how would he respond to something not entirely of both bloodlines? He still had the audacity to look offended, the grimace he shot you, one of utter disappointment as he disentangled himself from you, rising from the bed. You screamed at him, Ren’s arms around your waist shifting to grip your wrists, as you struggled afresh. He was going to leave, his whole demeanour that of annoyance, like you were a child than needed scalding, not a woman forced to endure the vilest of acts. Ren shifted his grip as you tried biting his arm, anything to make him let you go. His legs wrapping yours, to still your kicks, tucking you under his chin. Hux observed you both, his tone still one that suggested you were being unreasonable in your fear, as he addressed Ren. “Really Ren, wouldn’t it be quicker to use a Force-command?” He was chiding him for his choice of restraint, for using energy to keep you restrained, when a simpler method was available. Yet as you tried pulling away, the twitching at your ass dispelled any thoughts you might have taken to, of him doing it to leave you some control. This fighting with you turned him on, though it was seen as childish, and distasteful by Hux. He leant over the bed, his voice level and authoritative as he leant over you, ordering you to cease your struggles, threatening you further when you didn’t immediately comply. “Tomorrow we leave for Zeltros, allow me to remind you what I threatened you with, for attacking me in private. Publicly embarrass me, and your fate will be worse, than a few Stormtroopers fucking you.” Notes: This is the chapter I would most appreciate feedback on. It's not supposed to be a nice, or overly romantic story, but I'd still like to know how people take to it. Chapter 12 Summary: Sorry about the longer waits with updates. I've had a lot of other stuff to do, I am on with the next chapter, Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It may as well have still been the night before, for the time you were summoned. The handmaidens dressing you in your finest warmth, adding a fur trimmed cloak for the walk to the waiting shuttle. It was still dark, but the lights danced softly across the silver at your neck. They greeted you crisply, ushering you quickly aboard the ship, Hux adding a murmured approval to your dress. It was less revealing than usual, though was low enough cut to display the collar draped over your neck and clavicle. Out amongst his public, it was more imperative to him that nothing was to be amiss with your appearance. He would not have anything questioned, even his taste in whores. Your dress looked far more costly that any the Emperor had ever dressed you in. It was littered with golden stars, and the skirts far more flowing than needed. It as always felt wrong on you, this was the dress of a consort, or empress, not a whore, not a collared slave. The journey was nothing spectacular, though the both the shuttle, and Star-Destroyer were; both fitted out with every functional luxury anyone could want for. Never had you seen such an efficient display of wealth and power. The shuttle docked aboard the Flagship, Hux giving the command for you to follow. He was all military efficiency aboard his ship, clearly pleased to be back to familiar territory. Both you and Kylo trailed after him, yourself forgotten as he spent the morning pouring over reports. Refreshments were fetched, and you watched the exchange between the ships’ crew and your jailers. Of their Emperor, there seemed genuine respect despite the fear that they conversed with the most powerful man in the Known Galaxy. Of Ren though they seemed to just fear him, something which you knew from your time with him, he played on. More than one Lieutenant jumped quickly out of his way, if he came to close or looked wrongly at them. He was deliberately playing with their fear, as a cat does a small rodent, and shamefully you kept quiet, pleased for once it wasn’t you. Hux waited for you to finish the small meal with them, before dismissing you from the room to rest, demanding an escort for you. This time it was armed soldiers; Stormtroopers and not personal unmasked guards, that escorted you. You were placed between a squadron of four, two in front and two behind you, as they stomped along durasteel floors, Hux’s temporary quarters aboard the Star-Destroyer. Officers, and troopers alike cleared the decks to allow you to pass, your skirts flowing behind you as you walked your neck held high, in an attempt as pretend pride and bravery. Here you were Resistance scum, their target and without the collar at your neck for protection, they would have found more varied treatments for you than Ren and Hux. Thankfully the silver at you throat, clearly marked you as their Emperors property. None would dare stop you, or however pressing their task challenge you even for the right of way. For all this was a diplomatic mission, this was a military ship, and aboard martial law still ruled and your keeper was top of this law. Those that dared look at you, were at least honest in their confusion. Probably confused at having a women of your ilk associated with their Emperor, let alone fetched aboard their ship. More than one female officer, stared in open judgement and envy as the pressed to the wall to allow you passage. The dress alone, was a walking extension of the Emperor’s wealth, the necklace a mark of ownership. Here they were well trained by discipline, but in amongst the echelons you would need more to feel safe, they kept their own rules. The Troopers left you at the door, and as it clanged ominously closed behind you, you knew it would be locked. Even if hadn’t there was nowhere to go, you couldn’t pilot a ship, and you wouldn’t risk Hux’s wrath, this close to your meeting with Novak. Hugging your arms around you, more for security than warmth you took in your surroundings. The room although quite clearly intended for Hux and Ren was left entirely to you. It was more spacious, softer and less functional than the crew quarters, would be; clearly having been designed for civilian transport. You wondered it alone, less at ease with the solidarity than you thought you would be. Meals were fetched regularly by service droids, making you long for someone human. Just another body would have been welcome, even if only for, the sounds of another breathing. It would make you more settled, not this lonely panicking imagining your fate on Zeltros. The chronometer showed nearly a full day had passed, when a dark-haired officer visited after your evening meal, inquiring after your wellbeing. He seemed stiff, but genuinely respectful around you. A kindness, a small glimmer at humanity this man held no sneer you realised. He cleared away the plates, before relaying orders for you to get into bed. You didn’t like this, but if they were willing to share you, at least with this man he didn’t look on you like you were dirt. Obediently trained as you were, you had begun to shakily remove the belt at your waist, before the red-faced officer realised what you were doing. Stuttering his good byes, he quickly exited the room; leaving you with a sense of dread. You stripped off scared as you climbed into bed; that somehow, in your hurry to obey, you had done something horribly wrong. You slept little the night before and it seemed you would have another night to go over your options, few though they were. Escape would hardly be an option, unless Novak somehow left you alone, and then you suspected that was why Hux was here. It was unlikely that you would get far, with his planning, and Ren’s Force-sensitivity. Meaning any chances to run would have to be undertaken, only when there was a clear route out of there. But on an unknown planet, you would likely not fare well. You had no money and with no way off the planet, there was no way to avoid their goal for you. They had planned too well, every avenue a closed corridor. They wouldn’t let you escape, and even death wasn’t an option. Aboard the ship, there was no night or day, and so there was no indication of what time it was when you woke to the darker shadow at the foot of your bed. You knew it was him, the silhouette as familiar in the gloom of the bedchamber, as the smell of him. He lifted back the covers, and slid in as another larger figure shuffled behind you, stoking both your spine and bared neck. You hadn’t even noticed Ren, quickly summarising that it had been a Force-trick that kept him hidden from you. “You made quite the impression, on the ships commander Pet.” You tried to lose yourself, closing your eyes to the wet kisses that trailed your body, knowing it was safe than stirring Ren’s interest in your thoughts, but it was so hard. The brunette had been the first to view you as human, not something to be devoured or used. So, this was it, they were here to reprimand you for your slip-up, for what had been a genuine mistake. They were always so keen to display you, naked or clothed that it hadn’t occurred to you, that the request was to be followed alone, and in private. Behind you the arms tensed, locking you tight against Ren’s chest. “Shush Pet, you’re not for him. Sexually you don’t excite him.” No, well there was a relief. There was at least one man who’s advances you didn’t have to fear, it was such a shame that it had been the one person you wouldn’t have minded touching you. You thought on to the gentle blush, the soft stammering so out of place in the military; imagining that he would have been soft, gentle, possibly even kind. There was a pause in the mouth against you, then a laugh from behind you, making you open your eyes; nervously needing to see what was likely to happen. Above and next to you in the half-light, you could see the raised silhouette of the Emperor. He was raised on one elbow watching you, the whites of his eyes reflecting the starlight, from the view port, his hand gripped your chin, tilting your face closer. “You would have wanted him, you would prefer the touch of another, Pet?” For all the casualness in Hux’s tone, it was a trick question; one you couldn’t answer without making this bad for yourself. The man at your back, would sense a lie, and warn his master. Before you Hux waited a moment before gripping you tighter. Boon he would either demand an answer, or have Ren painfully rip it from you mind. It wasn’t that you would prefer anyone else, more that you would like to be left alone, you could forgo the sex. It was more the way you were treated that you longed to change, therefore the answer you gave was the safest you could manage, quickly mumbling it. His grip although still firm, loosened at you chin. His body relaxing as he lowered his mouth closer to yours, absorbing your request for him not to be as rough. “You want us to be softer with you?” His voice was low and husky, stirring something in your loins that you shouldn’t have felt. He pulled you to his mouth, his lips slower less demanding as they placed one, then two kisses to your closed mouth, his hands cupping your face. “We can be soft if you need it. For now, for tonight we will be gentle for you Pet.” Yes he would be gentle, but he would still take from you what had never been offered. Softly he pushed you over, slowly lowering your back to the mattress. His mouth back on yours, the fingers of one hand stroking your cheek, as you tried to relax into this unknown. The mouth behind you pressed onto your navel, huge strong hands gripping you in place for the kisses he placed across your abdomen. One set of hands trailed your breasts, fingers pinching lightly at your nipples, the other set stroking at your inner thighs whilst the Emperor continued his kisses. Who sighed into who’s mouth first you weren’t sure, the exchange of kisses confusing you, this offered gentleness confusing you. It was harder to relax for this, than his roughness, but it had been what you’d asked for wasn’t it? A nudge of a nose against your clit, made you realise how turned on you were by this, it throbbed angrily demanding attention. Your hips moved before you realised, making Ren chuckle before he buried his face between your thighs his hands wrapping under your legs. You would have been angrier, but the mouth enveloping your nipple halted the train of thoughts, the shot of electricity that left it shooting down to your sex, adding to the pulsing there. Your back arched, your repulsion at who was touching you, overridden by the tongues working at your sex and your nipples. They swirled around the bundles of nerves, leaving you squirming at the over stimulation, the sensations just the right side of bearable, enough to keep their actions pleasurable. They brought you close to the precipice, then somehow contrived to keep you there, writhing as you swallowed your cries. You grit your teeth, telling yourself that no matter how good this felt, you would not beg for this release. The bastards knew this; the chuckles they made against your skin belying their supposedly kind treatment of you. It had to be that they wanted you uncomfortable, your pleasure only mattered to them, when it was torn unwillingly from you. Your legs tensed, the muscles almost painfully taut as the tongue flicking your hood pulled away. A kiss placed to the protesting organ, it was just another run at a wave you wouldn’t crest. The dark hopefully hid you frustrated tears well, though Ren would have guessed, it still surprised you when a gentle thumb brushed them away, kissing both damp cheeks. “You need to cum Pet.” In the dark you nodded, shame colouring your cheeks. He wouldn’t be able to see the blush, but he’d feel your skin warming on his bare palms, and the shake of your head. He would know he’d won, that somehow your body had overridden your resolve to refuse this. You hadn’t begged, but you had admitted that you needed something from them. Sighing Hux caught you mouth in another kiss, keeping you locked in the kiss as he replaced Ren’s lips with his cock, rubbing it through you spit and precum slickened folds. The head pressed over your clit rubbing you almost to orgasm before pushing himself inside you, burying himself in your sex. It took barely three thrusts, before you could feel yourself pulling tight around him, readying yourself to unravel around his cock. He had been so quick to deny you, that a moments fear of having him stop, or punish your forthcoming orgasm, made you grab his hip, stuttering more of a warning that you would cum, than permission to do so. He didn’t answer, instead pulling a pebbled nipple back into his mouth. Gently holding it between his teeth, as he roughly flicked his tongue over it, triggering your orgasm almost instantly. The scream almost tore through your throat, but you caught it in time; muffling it as a grunt whilst your cunt gripped his cock. He swore, pulling himself from you making you realise that somewhere in the throes of orgasm; you had made him loose control quicker than he wanted to. He almost flopped over you, kissing your forehead; before pulling himself back together. His typically rigid persona returning as he moved aside for Ren to mount you. He fucked you at a languid pace, leaning over to kiss his lover, before he would his pet. Hux’s hand gripping his boyfriend’s ass, mashing his pelvis into you on every thrust, grinding him deep inside of you. It rubbed so artfully on your clit, that you found yourself spreading your legs. Arching your sex up, at him, panting as you drove your fingers into the bedsheet beneath you. You were close, driven that way by Hux’s previous orgasm, and the way he had Ren fuck you. Both mouths latched onto a nipple, one tongue pointed as it flicked at it, the other mouth sucking it between teeth, nibbling over the hardened peak. You mewled, almost feeling the eyes as they flicked up at you, biting your lip at the embarrassment. Despite all the times you had protested you hated it, that one little noise was enough of an encouragement. “Not yet, Pet. You’ve had one, don’t be greedy.” The warning to wait was coupled with him stilling ordering a stilling of Ren’s hips. Hux pressing him into you, ordering him to stay put as he shifted to kneel behind him. A click and then another slick noise, and then Ren groaned; the shifting of his ass letting you know he was being fingered by his Emperor. More slick noises, and sounds of thrusting fingers came, before Ren was given permission to continue, Hux guiding him with the thrusting of his fingers. Ren’s cock inside you growing impossibly harder, and thicker at A shifting in the weight pressing over you, coupled with the growl let you know Hux had pressed himself inside of Ren. Sloppy kisses, and murmured growls into the crook of your neck, let you know how good it had to feel for him. He almost laid over you, his mouth only leaving your skin to find a fresh piece of flesh to taste. Ren fucked you, but it was Hux who controlled the pace; careful to keep his thrusts slow, gentle. A muttered sentence of praise was given to Ren, though he was too lost in chasing his own enjoyment to respond to it. Something Hux must have enjoyed to see, for him to have let it slide. It was Ren who came first, almost sobbing into your shoulder as his entire body shuddered. Hux, behind him hissing like a cat, his last thrust a slightly rougher swing of his hips. It left your body still alive with unrequited need, and pressed under the tangle of weighted bodies you could do little to hide it. A quiet apology, and Ren tilted, Hux rolling off his back to lay chest heaving next to you as Ren rolled the other side. Hux rolled along your side, his deft fingers stroking to your sex, the fingers rolling easily on the cum covered flesh, Ren’s thicker longer fingers, thrusting inside you. Ren’s fingertips rubbing your front walls, Hux’s mouth at yours, Ren’s full of your nipple. Both relentless in their treatment of you as, together they finger fucked you to your orgasm, Hux’s tongue in your mouth, muffling your cries. You waited until you were sure they were asleep, pushing aside your need to return to sleep to take care of a make shift removal of their cum. Scooping it from inside you, as you tensed your walls to squeeze it out. It slicked over your thighs, and this you rubbed onto the sheets, it was by no way enough; but you felt better for having tried. Sleep came easier than you expected, and you woke naturally. No handmaidens to help you dress, just a fresh gown laid out for you, this one fitted, a red colour with flowing skirts. A protocol droid assisted you to dress, it’s personality designed to be brusque and closeted, no more talkative than your handmaidens. It also seemed able to apply cosmetics, and pin your hair up, pulling strands into complicated loops and plaits. Leaving you again lonely bereft of any companionship, as it proclaimed you done, leaving you with instructions to join the Emperor in the next room. You moved to join them, knowing that any delay would reflect badly on you, they would know you were finished readying yourself. Which was worse, the endless hours of loneliness untouched and unloved, or the passion fuelled moments you spent servicing these men. The abomination serving tea in Hux’s study was a reminder that there were worse fates. She moved gracefully from chair to chair, both silent and subversive. Her clothing a rich servants livery of gold and burgundy, not a blemish on her, nor a skull. It was both an eerie and stomach churning sight. So heinous of a crime that it was on a level, you hadn’t even thought to imagine them possible of reaching. You flinched if it came too close, not daring to touch it. It’s presence an obvious example of the worse possible fate for you. They would do it, you were sure of it; it would leave the bits of you they needed still available for their use, whilst silencing your protests. You had heard whispered tails of a rogue doctor in Imperial times, performing illegal and unethical experiments on injured and brain dead civilians and soldiers. Decraniated they called them, their skull and freewill removed, leaving them the perfect and quiet literally mindless servants. It would make sense then, that the doctor and his practices had been ushered into first Imperial, and then First Order custody. It made you sick to your stomach to watch, dreading to even look at her, let alone touch the glass she offered. You drank it anyway, knowing that to refuse the Emperor’s hospitality was unwise at best, sipping at the chilled mixture, as the two men talked on over flight plans clearly unaffected by their server. The woman, or at least the thing that had been a woman, moved swiftly to refill their empty glasses of the iced-tea. Making you shudder when she came too close to you. “She can’t hurt you Pet.” It had been Ren who voiced an opinion at your nervousness around the cyborg, thought something in Hux’s face made you realise he had noticed it first. It wasn’t that either men were perplexed at your reaction, though they did seem intrigued. Who was she, and how had she displeased Hux? Was she a former lover, who had displeased him, or a was she another casualty of war. You sipped at the tea, aware both men were watching you, as though waiting for something, unsure as to what it could be. A softly spoken command ordered your attention fully to him, calling Ren over. Ren placed an ornately carved wooden box on the table next to him, before returning to his chair. Leaving you to kneel before the Emperor, shivers running your spine as you realised he was unfastening the collar. Your first instinct was to grab his wrists, trying to stop him unfastening it. Without such an open mark of ownership, you would be defenceless, that silver was what kept you untouched. Against your will tears welled, and your heart raced as you imagined the worst, Hux easily twisting both necklace and his hands from your futile grip. A click and the box swung open on golden hinges, and inside nestled amongst plush red fabric, you saw a flash of gold jewellery. Hux’s hands wrapped it around your throat, a hidden catch holding it in place. It was a far plainer piece than the ornate silver and much smaller, simply a band of golden stars. It was beautiful though, and delicate for all of its simplicity. It weighed far less, than the heavier silver, but it’s weight was still a pleasant reminder. Another collar, another mark of ownership. Did this mean that he had no intentions of harming you, of doing that to you, just humiliating you, keeping you fearful. A touch of a single gloved finger to your cheek, and you were led from the room. Escorted to the waiting shuttle, and eventually the surface of Zeltros. Somehow you stayed calm, though your heart was thumping in your chest, throughout the whole journey. It’s beat so loud that you were sure you companions could hear it. The shuttle docked, the thud as the landing gear touched down, jolting your sickened stomach. Somehow you managed to stand and join Hux’s possession from the shuttle, across the landing pad. Your steps slow, legs weak and shaking so much you were sure they would give out beneath you. Both men were somewhere near the head, the greeting the heads of the planet, and wealthy bowing in subjugation at their ruler. You didn’t so much as place yourself in the middle, as that was where you had slid to, neither Hux nor Ren looking back at you. They didn’t have to, you were too well trained to mess up, and too well watched to run. You stayed with the group keeping silent and just watching, as you kept your steps graceful trying not to let the fear show. “My lady.” The voice of the young woman startled you, you looked around, blinking. It took you more than a breath or two to reassure yourself it was you she was addressing. Nodding a mute gesture of attentiveness. Hux was stood to one side almost inside a set of huge doors, Ren nowhere in sight. “My lady, I am to attend on you whilst you are here, if you will follow me.” That was twice she had referred to you as having another title to whore, before settling besides you. Both times had held no hint of mockery, it made you more uneasy than settled. Although busy, you doubted that Hux hadn’t noticed her, nor the way she addressed you. She directed you to the same set of doors Hux stood at, following behind you both as he was directed to his own quarters. The rooms were extensive, but nowhere as large as his Naboo palace, but you had still been afforded your own room. It was plainer than the gilded cage of your own chamber, though no smaller. The attendant moved to assist you, stopped when she was dismissed by her Emperor, his orders for her to leave and return later cutting short what could have finally been some company. His gaze was steely, cold as he watched her leave, his jaw firm before he turned to address you. “You are not her equal, do not presume to treat her as such Pet.” You nodded, accepting his words with ease, knowing that you were nobodies equal, wishing you could have the courage to ask when you would be sent to Novak. The waiting was making it harder, more tense. Some company would have saved you from the anxious wait alone. Hux moved to leave the bed chamber, his word spoken as he exited it. “Rest, you will not go to Novak, until after tonight’s gathering.” Notes: So not the explosive chapter I had planned, but it is coming I promise, just bare with until chapter 14. This needed longer on paper than it did in my head. Let me know how you feel it fits. Chapter 13 Summary: Last one before Novak. The day was spent in silence, though at least not boredom. There was a small balcony window in your chamber, not overly large and too high to escape; but there was enough room to sit outside. So, you did; taking advantage of the lack of supervision, to breath fresh unfiltered air. You spent all day there, just sitting and watching the outside world. Enjoying the feel of being outside, the gentle breeze tickling your hair and the slight warmth of the sun. Your legs curled up under you, taking little heed to the rough-cut stone floor and the dirt, nor the damage it would do to your clothing, it wasn’t like you tended to wear the same dress twice. Below your balcony, were well manicured gardens, and you could see the small crowds of people walking in them, in small groups. The white and gold clad figure of Emperor Hux easy to pick out amongst in subjects. It wasn’t his clothing nor the distinct colour of his hair that made him easy to pick out, but the way people flocked to him; circling around him like a hive of Geonosians to their queen. Everyone seemed to be vying for his attention, and with Ren missing, there was more than one woman preening herself, trying to catch his eye. That you laughed at, knowing first hand both the futility of it, and the heartbreak that came with his attraction. His bedroom habits were vile, and you doubted any of the fine ladies would approve. That both Ren and Hux were a couple, must then something that must not be known then, outside of his inner circle. Surely Hux had at least announced Ren as his named consort, even if not his husband. It led you to wonder what then, was known then about you? Were you seen as Hux’s whore? Or as since he had been the only one to openly use you Ren’s instead? Surely the nobles below you then, know you were formally Resistance, and a prisoner; but then why the polite greeting? What exactly had Hux explained your history to be, or would he simply refuse to answer all questions on the matter. If he noticed you watching, or the circling hordes of women, it never showed, no doubt he was likely too engrossed in business. He was here after all to negotiate the stationing of his troopers, and not pleasure; it was the reason he had brought the Battle Cruiser with him. The late morning turned to afternoon, and with no one thinking to fetch your food, none arrived. You would be hungry later, but with the attendant dismissed you were not disturbed. You fell asleep in the sunshine, woken later as the early evening air turned to chill. Hux was watching you as you stumbled through the window, and quickly you fumbled through what you hoped was an acceptable apology; dropping to your knees before him. It wasn’t that you regretted your choice, just allowing yourself to sleep. You should have come inside at the first signs of sleepiness, not risked him finding you out there, exposed. Now you faced both his wrath, and the company of Novak all in one night, it was too much. He removed his belt, laying it over a chair; the rest of his clothing following as he neatly folded them into a tidy pile. He walked through to your adjoining refresher, turning tap on a marbled glass tub, adding salts and soaps to the water, giving you instructions to strip to your under-garments. The dress had been so tightly fitted, they had left you braless; and so, it was bare footed, wearing only a pair of panties and his choker, that you stood before him now. The steam from the bath made the room warmer, and so he must have noticed your trembling, must have realised it couldn’t be from the cold. There was no snide comment or taunt, and no signs that he had noticed it, so you clung hopeful to the possibility he hadn’t. The bath run, he climbed into it instructing you to come closer, handing you soap before instructing you to attend to him. Hux’s demeanour had never suggested he used attendants, or valets to bathe and dress; he was much too self-sufficient. This then couldn’t be about him needing assistance, it was in addition to his comment about the attendant. To remind you that you were beneath him, you were here to serve his needs. You rubbed the soap between your hands, taking longer to lathe it to bubbles than was strictly necessary. Even if this was to just put you in your place; it was foolish to think something this innocent, would stay that way. No matter how much you told yourself that it was just skin, your fingers wouldn’t move; too sure that once you had touched him he would begin his latest perversion. “I’m waiting Pet.” You jumped, quickly putting down the soap, on the bath side, leaning over to reach him. Hurrying to scrub the bubbled suds into the warmth of his bared back. One warning was his idea of being lax with you, there wouldn’t be a second one, and if this didn’t go to plan, there may still be consequences of him giving you one added to your already standing mistakes. Your hands trailed his spine, and across his shoulders, to the backs of his arms. Gliding over each change in indentation of bone and muscle, defining that Hux; although slender was far from skinny, his hidden strength gained through use. His power, more fitting to a thinker than a brawler, his frame wiry, his not exaggerated like those of Ren’s. He seemed to relax into your touch, closing his eyes to the makeshift massage you gave him, hoping to appease his earlier displeasure, hoping that this would be enough to keep him settled. “Get in.” You bent to remove your panties, stopped as an impatient hand pulled you into the tub. Water sloshed over the side, but thankfully settled as you arranged yourself on your knees. The soap was placed again in your hands, his own guiding yours to rub together in it, before placing them at his pectoral muscles. His breath tickled your hair as you rubbed lower. Involuntarily slowing, tightening the circles at the first brush of the smattering of hair bellow his hips. He was hard, you could see that through the water, without needing the hand that guided you to touch him. Your fingers wrapped his length, his hand now working your own, guiding you in long strokes over his cock. There was a smattering of strawberry freckles across his chest, and these you focussed on, as both his breathing and stroking sped up. Counting them to steady your nerves, and to place yourself elsewhere. You had counted twice to thirty, stopped each time by an obscene groan, before he suddenly stood tossing aside your hand and ordering you to kneel up. Clearly your mental absence had been noticed, and was not permissible; now you would be punished. “Look at me, Pet. I am your Emperor; I deserve your full attention.” Your eyes lifted, his thumb rubbing your lower lip; smearing what was left of the mornings lipstick across your cheek. He rubbed the head of his cock over the seam of your lips, smearing wetness from the bath water and slick precum. First; he ordered you to open your mouth, then he rubbed his cock over your tongue pushing it as far to the back of your throat as you could manage. Where once it would have triggered your gag reflex, now it just made it uncomfortable to breath. He stroked your face, running fingers along the bulge where his cock head was seated in your throat. Your breaths were shallow, and not enough to satisfy your burning lungs. Leaving you were grateful for when his hips rolled back, and he allowed you a full breath of gasped air. He repeated his actions, all the while watching for the look of desperation, of fear in your eyes. Drool spilled from your mouth, coating your chin as much as his cock, strands of saliva connecting him to you. “When I cum Pet, do not swallow my seed.” His next thrusts into your mouth were slower, shallower, more deliberate in intent. The head of his cock never leaving the surface of your tongue, his fingers jerking the bottom of his shaft. He came without so much as a strangled moan just a gasp before he set his jaw to closed again. As ordered you held his seamen on your tongue, your taste buds flooded with the sticky, bitter-salty mixture. He closed your mouth, three fingers lifting your jaw, swiping your bottom lip dry of both spittal and any escaped cum, using a cloth to clear away the lipstick stains. He stood from the bath watching you as he stood once again tall, a brief smirk ghosting his lips, before he composed himself. A knock at the bathroom door sounded, before a woman’s voice asked if you were ready yet for her assistance. It was Hux who had to answer for you, your mouth filling as saliva pooled under your tongue. The door clicked the maidservant, dropping to the appropriate curtsy at the sight of her liege. Hux’s next move was one that would have suggested affection to anyone but you. Holding his arm to help you from the bath, wrapping a much larger towel around you. His arm around your midriff, as he leaned in closer to hiss a final warning in your ear. “Swallow that before I give you permission, and tonight will be a whole lot more unpleasant than you can imagine.” How it shocked you, you didn’t know but your eyes must have blown wide at his words; panic setting in as he kissed your cheek, leaving you alone with the attendant. He had effectively gagged you, leaving you unable to answer the myriad of questions the woman asked; as she went about her business. Naturally your clothing was already picked out for you; a long black and gold dress, the neckline plunging, but full sleeved. It had a small train at the back that glided behind you as you walked, and jewellery too had been laid out, all gold to match the collar at your throat. You answered all questions with a nod, or shake of your head. Managing to separate the saliva from Hux’s cum when you swallowed, each breath through your nose only drawing the taste of him through your senses. It was close to the end of her preparations when Hux returned. The golden crown of laurels on his brow, his dress robes immaculate; his usual white changed to black. You scowled at that, appalled at his audacity; that he had deliberately chosen your dress to match his clothing, whilst later it would grace another man’s floor. Ren seemed still missing, which was odd since you had not seen him all day. It was unusual to be amongst Hux this long on his own, Ren had to be at least nearby, if not for the companionship, then his Emperor’s security. Hux carried a goblet of clear liquid, twirling it between both hands, as he sat on the bed behind you. He took slow sips, watching your reflection in the vanity mirror, as cosmetics were applied, occasionally suggesting a colour change, or a thicker line. Thankfully the attendant moved swiftly, and didn’t think his instructions for your appearance odd, nor your silence. It was getting harder to keep the two liquids in your mouth from mixing. Your tongue was almost numb with the effort of holding it still, swallowing becoming harder. She was so lovely, so kind; and you were being made to feel so rude to her, the first person to talk to you as though you were not muck. “I just need to do your mouth honey.” Now you really panicked as the woman held a brush ready to paint your lips, and to do that properly, you needed to open your mouth. Your eyes stung, your skin dropping to a white pallor that showed even under the layers of paint. You couldn’t do this you told yourself, before daring to make a direct look at Hux. You didn’t beg, that would no doubt anger him, but he knew as much as you did what she would see if you opened your mouth. No reprieve came, and resigned to none coming you parted the seams of your lips, not enough to display the contents of your tongue. From his perch on the bed; Hux rolled his eyes, placing the glass atop of a nearby cabinet, before standing to address the attendant. He plucked the brush from her hand, and dismissed her from the room, leaving her blushing, when he politely thanked her on a job well done. The door clicked and he waited until the footsteps had died away, before he addressed you again his voice mocking. “Really Pet, you will need to open your mouth wider than that.” It was dismissive in his neutrality of your fear, and more from relief that he hadn’t made you show her your mouth, than fear you showed him; opening your mouth wide to him. You were still sceptical, but he seemed genuinely pleased by your efforts, dipping a finger in the milky strands of his fluids. Spreading it around your mouth, before bringing the finger to his lips, to taste it. Sucking the residue off with a pop before lowering his mouth to yours, swirling the mixture between your tongues before ordering you to swallow, licking anything left from your lips. “Clever girl, even Ren would have struggled to hold my seamen that long.” He was breathless from the kiss, and from the pink tinge to his cheeks aroused by it too. He placed the brush to a side, using both hands to cup your face, bringing his lips back to yours. The knowledge that you had taken today’s punishment as well as Ren, strangely heady and invigorating; for once you had surpassed his expectations. His lips moved over yours, lifting your skirts to rub along the outside of your thighs, sliding under your underwear, cupping your ass. His finger dipped between the crack of it, pulling you to his groin as the tip pressed to your entrance. He pressed the length of his cock into your pussy, dry humping into your mound. “It’s been too long since I took this hole Pet, tonight when you return, I will have it again.” So, whilst Novak had asked for one night, he didn’t intend for you to spend the whole night in his bed. The thought then of being allowed to return to the familiarity of your captors, was more welcoming than it had ever been, not that that took much. That he would touch you after, meant the likelihood of harm coming to you in Novak’s presence was slim. Being bloodied or bruised by him and Ren was one thing, you doubted he would enjoy another to treat you so. This you clung to as you kissed him. Ignoring the nagging thought; that at one point you had also assumed him not willing to even send you to another. His fingers slid around to your cunt, his mouth trailing to your ear, moaning almost unnoticeably in it, as a finger slid inside you. “You’re so wet.” To your amazement, it was more a whispered moan than a crude comment, and there was no taunt in it either. He was pleased you realised, some of the tension slipping from your shoulders, knowing it was best then to play this next bit willingly. If he was pleased, then that meant your earlier punishment was over. He flipped you over, lips locked with yours. Pulling you to where you could straddle his legs, unfastening his pants to free his cock. A quick guide of your hips, and he was seated inside you, yanking on your thighs to pull you hard, fully seated on to him. Your panties simply pulled to a side, as he guided your hips over him. More rocking himself as he stayed inside of you, than thrusting. Eyes lidded, you looked down at him, the position torture on your swollen pearl. Like this, it would be easier to debase you, you would cum so easily on him. His own eyes had turned to little more than slits. Pupils blown wide, as he lifted your ample skirts, his stare fixated on the parts of you that were joined. He handed them to you, having you hold them between both hands as he rolled into you harder from underneath. It grated harder on your clit, your pussy tightening around his cock. Raising himself up onto one arm, the other gripped your waist, pulling your mouth to his. “We haven’t long kitten, hurry.” He genuinely was interested in your pleasure then, not just his own in this quick union. There was no time to question if you should feel sickened by this. His mouth opening, tongue teasing your own. A slight twist of your hips, on one of his upstrokes and it was enough, your core spasming on his cock as you keened into his open mouth, panting as he fucked you harder through your aftershocks, emptying himself inside you. He gave you a moment for your breath, before rolling you from him. Smoothing the gusset of your panties back over your cum filled cunt. So, you would go to Novak full of Hux’s seed too; marked in the most intimate of ways, as belonging to your Emperor. A breath or two more, and you were pulled to a seated positon on the side of the bed. Hux’s cock already tucked away, him retrieving the lip brush, artfully painting them for you. The colour was a bright red, the same as the embroidered First Order emblem he had over the fabric stretching his breast. The final adjustment was a headband of stars place into a dip in the elaborate up-do. He held an arm to assist you from the bed, and then from the room. His actions almost affectionate, making you nearly make the mistake of begging him not to send you to Novak. An Emperor is never late, and so despite the evenings soiree being in full swing his arrival was still heralded. The room was enormous and filled with watching eyes, thankfully all trained on your Emperor, as walked with you towards the seated area for the higher nobles and politicians. You tried to keep your gaze steady, chin high, refusing the temptation to look around you. That would be fidgeting, and he didn’t approve, so far despite your wobble in the bathtub, you had managed not to displease him. Together you reached the seating area, and whilst a chair was pulled for Hux, you knelt to the floor, to the right-hand side of him. “So, obedient, Your Highness.” The comment came from an elderly woman sat adjacent to him, decked out in far too many pearls and clear gems. You watched her from your peripheral vision, her hands birdlike more like talons than fingers, each covered in more jewels. Clearly her status counted for something, as he shot her a polite smile, before touching the top of your head. Petting you like a proud owner of a pedigree bitch. “It helps, that she is so willing then does it Armitage?” That voice made you tense, and for all the subtlety; it was easy to discern his meaning of willing. Only one man had the audacity to address his son by his first name whilst insulting him, and so publicly too. Without meaning to you leaned closer to Hux, subconsciously trying to hide from his father. He gave a mockery of a bow to his Emperor, one that would look genuine to everyone who didn’t know their strained relationship. Greetings exchanged, Brendol moved to kiss the hand of the older woman, greeting her as an old well known acquaintance, if not friend. “He has done well for himself, has he not Brendol; First a General, and now our Emperor.” She was willing to sing Hux’s praises, as much as Brendol Hux seemed to want to pull him to pieces for them. A second woman soon moved to join them, this one as red headed as Hux. She greeted first the Emperor Hux, then the other two, stooping to kiss the woman and then after a slight hesitation Hux himself. It was such a blazon show of affection, you expected him to order her punished, not to stand and return the kiss to his cheek, with one to hers. The smile he gave her was genuine, as was the enquiry after her wellbeing. Pleasantries were exchanged, and from what you knew of the man, his questions were heartfelt, and honest. This woman was another person he cared about, more salt to be rubbed into the gaping wound at your heart. She took the seat next to him, without having it offered, and summoned wine from an attendant, ordering for the pair of them. So, she knew him very well you realised, a stab of jealousy hitting you. This was absurd you told yourself, keeping your eyes trained dutifully to the floor, the hurt becoming harder to keep from your eyes, if not your face. You were not supposed to be envious of another woman, more grateful that she would relieve some pressure from you, maybe she could bare him heirs. “Is this her Armie, oh she is charming.” Gods, she even had a pet name for him, you sniped to yourself. Had they been talking about you? Now you wished you had been concentrating more on him, than your sulking. Now she reached down, tilting your face to her studying you with open interest. “Father, mentioned you, though I expected something; different.” Different, what exactly was she expecting; to see you sweat stained and covered in cum and piss? For Hux not to have intervened at her addressing you, she must be very important to him. In your shock, you looked directly at her. Nobody had ever addressed you so personally, or so easily without his permission, and now you couldn’t help but give into curiosity. Her eyes were a hazel colour, flecked amber like a cats’, and held no hint of nastiness to them, this appraisal of you was honest, unthreatening; she might even mean well. “This is my sister; Arabella.” The introduction to this woman was the first he had ever made to you. Leaving you no doubt that it was for her benefit and not yours, he must care then a lot about his sister. You could see it now you looked without prejudice, the eyes the same shape as her brothers, but devoid of any of his harshness, and much younger. Instantly you felt your stomach ease in its churning, too lost in stupidly placed relief at her not being an emotional threat, to recognise what it was, you were relieved she was not another of his lovers. Hux stood, lifting you from the floor, and turning to place you in his chair, handing you a glass of sparkling water. Requesting of his sister to watch you, for him as he strode off into a crowd. You watched him disappear, wishing for the security of being at his side. Stood next to him, you were a nobody, just an extension of himself and invisible. Here on his seat, he had placed another target on your back; one his civilian sister would not be able to save you from. Arabella hadn’t noticed your fear, chatting pleasantly with you. Though she was careful to keep the questions, light almost airless in substance; you were very adept if not at lying, then hiding your true feelings. So, your carefully worded replies; were laced with truth. But still bent enough, that Hux would not be angered or exposed in his treatment of you. To her, it seemed your position had been suggested as voluntary, and she seemed to show no hint of snobbery that her brother had not picked you from a better bloodline, instead reassuring you for your lack of one. “As Emperor, I suppose he is free to pick whomever he wishes as his lover, none of us are equal to him.” She sighed, taking a sip of her wine, as you did your best to hide your fury. His lover! You were his slave, a play thing, in no way was this man’s treatment of you anything more than a toy. More innate questions came, most more statements than needing a reply. It was difficult to hate her though, she was so different to her brother; friendly, kind in her own self-absorbed way. “I can see why he chose you though, you are beautiful.” This time you couldn’t hide your shock, nor find a way to hide it from her. If Hux had ever chosen you based on looks, he had never so much as hinted at it. The closest to a complement being the time he blamed you for Veer’s interest in you, and then it was not about your looks. You were more confused than ever, did Hux think you were attractive then? Did others think that too, was it not just about your station as his whore? You listened to more chatter from her, adding polite nods and small noises to show you were listening; all the while trying to work it out. Somewhere in the room was music, and the crowds parted to show dancers, none of whom were Hux or Ren. There was still no signs of Novak, though he had to be about, doubtless he was with Hux now, finalising your evening’s engagement with him. You told yourself that worry was pointless, it was silly to get worked up that quickly, but it was impossible not to. What was to happen was to happen, and you couldn’t help but worry about it. You longed for a drink, though knew better than to ask for alcohol. If Hux and wanted you to have an alcoholic drink, one would be sent to you by now. A cough interrupted your conversation, and the devil himself stood there, gloating over what was to be his prize later on. Arabella showed no signs of knowing the deal, and doubtless he knew to behave with tact and subtlety. Fear from more than reprisal at moving from the spot Hux had placed you in, than your inability to dance dodged your steps. Somewhere in the room was Hux, and perhaps even Ren, and you wished one of those was nearby now, as Novak politely escorted you to dance. Your polite refusals met with arrogant insistence that you come with him. Either Novak had arranged permission to approach you, or was so confident by their agreement you would be sent to him, that he stood before you now. It had been so long since you had danced, and even then; nothing as formal, as restraint as the steps the couples on the dance floor took to. Swallowing you, nervously looked for aid, hoping this was permissible, and that you wouldn’t embarrass yourself. Hux had to know you couldn’t do this; this had to be another of his cruel little game. Your hands were moved to starting positons, placed on the man’s body, your palms slick with sweat, palpitations in your chest, as you moved in Novak’s arms. Your steps were not very good, shaky at best and from the looks around you misplaced. You were failing and publicly so, your face heating at the embarrassment. Novak huffed, making you more nervous, almost tripping. “Clearly you cannot dance. A bi-product of your station, no doubt.” It didn’t help to settle you, and his taunt hurt. Nobody but Hux and Ren had openly pulled you for failing, and never something that you had not training in. Furiously, you blinked back tears, ignoring the shake of your bottom lip. You would bolt if you could, and almost gave into it. It was a thick set arm around your waist, that stopped you. Removing you from Novak’s grasp, turning you to face him. You took a deep shaky breath of relief, at the dark eyes looking down at you. Never, had you been so thankful to see Ren, nor hear his voice, as he loudly teased Novak; suggesting he was at fault not you, pulling you to a starting position. ‘Look, trust, follow .’ Ren pulled you closer to his chest and your eyes were drawn to his, shocked as you felt him speak into your mind, not a command; but just words. Your next steps were slow, your concentration fixed on the man who guided you expertly around the dance floor, your step anything but clumsy now. Somewhere you knew he was managing this using the Force, but still you were thankful, daring at one point to lean your head onto his chest. His voice low in your ear, as he whispered a promise, his low tone still conveying his anger. “You should have known was not given permission to approach you publicly.” So, you were in trouble, but nobody but them could ridicule you, or expose your shortcomings. You didn’t thank him, nor acknowledge he had even spoken. Nor did it register with you, that by saving you, Ren had offered you a sort of apology. The steps finished, and Ren led you back through the crowds, this time leading you to Hux and a worried looking Arabella. She had sought out her brother then, when she had been unable to stop Novak. He too would be cross then that you hadn’t managed a stronger refusal. Ren handed you over to Hux, who in a surprising show of lenience kissed your forehead, before escorting you out. Chills of pure fear, ran your spine. This gentle Hux and Ren was all and act, now they were to escort you to your punishment. The small antechamber they led you to stood empty, lit by wall lamps. Terrified you went to fall to your knees, better to appear subservient and ready, it might lessen the ordeal. “I don’t send you to do this Pet out of choice, but need. Therefore, you must play your part well, for me.” You were caught up by your arm; pushed up against a wall, before you could drop to kneel. A set of black gloved hands splayed on the wall either side of you, Hux’s cheek grazing your own, before sucking the flesh at the base of your spine past sharp teeth. He sucked another spot at the back of your neck, then suddenly and without warning; bit into the skin there, ensuring it would mark. You hissed drawing in an angry breath at that. You wanted to scream at him, to slap him, stopped by a raised brow. No, now was not the time to plan your attack, or your escape, the last lesson he taught you had hurt too much. Novak, wouldn’t have Hux’s knowledge of you, nor Ren’s Force-adeptness; you could bide your time. He had hurt you, broken skin, bit you like a dog does a bitch in heat. All to ensure he sent you to Novak marked, as his whore. That he would think you would do anything for him, on a good day was laughable, but now with your neck most likely to scar at his treatment there was no chance, Novak would have to force you, there was no way you would be obedient. Chapter 14 You were shown to an empty bedchamber by more attendants, these one’s armed with blasters and vibro-knives. Clearly Hux had warned Novak that you probably couldn’t be trusted, or he had anticipated you not behaving yourself. Either way neither men were going to risk you making a run for it. Neither Ren or Hux chose to escort you to your destination, returning to the party through the same door you had entered. Leaving you to travel there alone and afraid, your supposed sacrifice not even worth their time escorting you there. The room was nestled up high in the building, the walk there lasting an eternity, and then ending far too soon. You were escorted into an empty chamber, its sole furnishing a small bed, and a large wooden latticed window. No other doorways lead from the room, not even a bathroom to clean yourself up afterwards. A click of the door and you were left in silence, the door locking behind them. The window too was obviously locked, though you couldn’t help but try it, hurting your hand trying to smash it. You were shell shocked, making you realise that all along you had never really accepted this would happen to you. Despite it all, the clinically-cold and cruel way they treated you, you had honestly thought you were worth more to them. Numb now with acceptance, you stared down at your knees, wiping your grazed knuckles on the skirts of your dress, picking loose skin from them. The wait only serving to draw out the buried tears, your heart racing and breathing stuttered. Where ordinarily two skipped meals would leave you hungry, today you were glad for them. There was nowhere to vomit, just the floor. Any food would have never settled in your stomach, and you felt sick enough without the added weight of an undigested meal. Ages seemed to pass before a twist of a lock, and an armed attendant stood holding it open. So you hadn’t been left alone, the door was guarded, was the window too? You were sure you had seen darker shadows moving out in the darkness, when you tried to get out. “Strip, and get on the bed.” At first you thought it was an attendant who gave the order; until a darker shape stepped from the shadows, dismissing the servant at the door. This was it you realised, this was who Hux and sold you to. At first you were too terrified to think, let alone disobey the order. Then either bravery or foolishness set in, reminding you of your resolve, sitting taller, setting your chin higher in defiance. Adopting the very same stance you had took that first fateful day in Hux’s audience chamber, you would not beg, but nor would you go easy to your fate. “No, I won’t do this willingly, whatever they have agreed with you.” You spoke through your teeth, more to steady your shaking jaw, than to show contempt for Novak, digging your nails into the palms on your hands, pressing your knuckles hard into your thighs. It all conveyed far more confidence than you felt, but in your own way you were determined to make both parties pay for this betrayal. Novak, by you not being the obedient little whore he thought you to be, and Hux by ensuring Novak sent you back damaged. It was clearly the only victory you could gain, unless there came a chance at escape. It would be hard, and you would need to push him; but a small part of you hoped it would see the diplomat hanged when he either hurt you, or lost you. Novak chuckled, amused by your reaction to his order. Choosing to move closer, small precise steps that taunted his prey. Almost licking his lips at the sight of you defiant and afraid. “Good, I hoped for a challenge.” He sprang forwards, literally jumping at you to close the distance. You side stepped him; managing to get a decent kick at him, pulling back your arm for a punch before he side swiped you. It was hard, and you tasted blood, your lip stinging, obviously slit. You threw your punch hard, but quicker than intended, blocked by Novak, who then threw an even harder punch at your face. You back stepped from the sheer force of it seeing stars. Another and it knocked you to the bed, your cheek bone throbbing, vision blurred through that eye. You were not done yet, springing up like a cat, all nails and teeth as you attacked him. He struggled with you, managing to shackle your hands to previously placed restraints on the bed; straddling both hips. You had managed to mark his face, claw marks striping his high cheek bones and cutting through his lips. A smirk from you and a renewal of your struggling, and he reached into his pocket, snapping open a metal edged knife blade. It danced wickedly, reflecting what little light there was in this high-ceilinged room, the sole source of light feeble and dim. He pressed it first to your neck, trailing it lightly against your skin, not sharp enough to cut, but enough to show you how sharp it was. This made you chuckle, was he really threatening to kill you, in what way was that a threat? Clearly, he would know that was instant death for him, and for you it would be a way of achieving the release from your captors you so desperately wanted. You tried leaning into the blade, but Novak was too quick to remove it, hooking the blade under your dress, ripping it from neckline to your waist. “Eager to die, are we?” Your laugh turned manic, baring your teeth to him in a snarl, one he silenced with another slap, before he reached under the fabric, painfully twisting a nipple. It wasn’t meant to be enjoyable, just to hurt, but you refused to give him the satisfaction of knowing it hurt you. He reached for the other, giving it a harder squeeze. Leaving you to guess; from the nonchalant way he continued to cut clothing away, punctuated by painful grabs of your flesh, there was more to come. It was still an easier exchange to make than carrying Hux’s offspring. Than having to endure years of humiliating torture. It seemed one night of excruciating pain, might be offered up for eternal release from Hux. You needed to be sure he would do it, ensure he was frightened enough of you, or cross enough with you not to risk leaving you alive. Sure before you lay back and took it all; it had to be worth it. “Hux will kill you, if you badly hurt me.” This you were certain off, making your words at snotty and brattish as you could manage them. Sure, that whilst Hux held no love for you, he would not tolerate having you damaged. He liked to keep his toys in working order, it was why physically he looked after you, he needed you healthy. You would have the smug knowledge that you took someone you disliked with you. “It makes little difference to me bitch. I doubt Hux would have ever let me live after tonight. Not after what I have planned for his precious little whore.” Drawing back a mouthful of saliva you spat it at him, replayed in kind with one of his own, before punching your ribs. You swore they snapped, not just as they felt physically, but audibly too. Good you thought to yourself, so this wasn’t going to be like Hux. Hurt you but humiliate you more, ensuring you could mend, but the memory of the punishment carrying more of the risk of further embarrassments than the physical pain. This was going to be the end, and sad and frightened though you were; this was good. “Oh, fucking get on with it. Fucking rape me already.” Your foul language was something Hux had indulged for the first day or two, then practically whipped out of you. This Novak had not earned that, nor would you call any carnal relations with him, sex. Whilst you’d fuck him quickly to kill you, he wouldn’t have your consent, you wouldn’t have been here willingly, it was simply making use of an avenue offered to you. Novak huffed incredulously, his words spluttered between obnoxious laughter. “I’m not fucking you!” His enjoyed the shocked look on your face, far too much. His opinion was that derisive of you then; that to touch you in that way, was that distasteful. Good you thought, the knowledge that he wouldn’t be having sex with you bringing a calming sense of relief. At least you would die unmolested by him, at least only two men would have ever stolen that self-respect from you. Novak was just going to hurt you, and then either kill you, or leave you for dead, close enough that you shouldn’t recover from it. Either way you were done with Hux and Ren. Stilling your breath to a slow tempo, you closed your eyes to the knife. Letting Novak calmly cut away your final layers of clothing. Naked now, your nipples puckered in the chill of the room. A stirring breeze circling the room more noticeable without the layers of protection over them. Novak teased the tips of your nipples with the point of the knife, pleased with himself over something. For there to be a wind, there must be a way out, a possible means of escape. You waited, opening your eyes again, more to see what had stopped him from causing you pain, than from the overtly sexual touch, that he had protested distaste of. Smirking, he looked over at the window, something moving the just out of your peripheral vision, a voice speaking to you that you couldn’t quite place. “Nobody is killing you either; Resistance Scum.” You looked wide eyed up at Novak, completely and utterly perplexed at it all, was he going to allow somebody else to touch you? Why not then bargain for that, not for him to be the one to bed you; no, it had to be your former thoughts, he just wanted to hurt you, to torture you. Voice shaking from uncontrolled fear you couldn’t speak to him, couldn’t ask him what then, they going to do with you. Had they really brought you here just to torture you, to play exactly the same sick games as Hux? Your views on what you were to Hux were skewed then. You began to think carefully over Ren’s comments that if things had been different, if you were pregnant Hux would have never sent you to Novak, never agreed to this. Ren had to have known Novak only had torture planned for you, he was too Force-adept not to have felt his intentions for you. Had Hux sold your body to them, for this, for not having manged to conceive his child, or was this hidden plan for you all along. Swallowing back the bile that burnt your oesophagus, you looked up at Novak in terror. This wasn’t life or death, it was just pain, and that was why the gentleness with you tonight; Hux was easing his conscious, one good night before this. “Hux banned anyone from discussing where you were from months ago, ever since Veers asked to fuck you. Said you were just some unknown. Just an obedient little slut, who had found favour with him, who’d agreed to carry children for him and that fucking Jedi-Killer.” You tried protesting his story, horrified at Hux’s blatant lies; you had never agreed to anything they did to your body. This whole time you were a prisoner, people were being told you had voluntarily given away your freedoms, your whole life. That had to be then, was why his sister was so friendly with you, why the attendant thought you so above her in station. They believed you had offered your womb for this, that you thought it was an honour to be raped and sodomised by their fucking Emperor. The room span, how far did this sickening lie go. Were people friendly to the Resistance, sympathetic to what had been the New Republic aware of your supposed betrayal. Words would not come, and Novak would have ignored you either way, what was the word of a whore, to that of an Emperor. He began cutting strips from your discarded dress fabric, rolling scarps of it into your mouth, filling it before tying a piece around your jaw. It was tight, digging into your skin, and you jaw ached from the fullness, your mouth already dry with fear. You let out a scream, the only noise you could will your throat to make, it muffled by the rags. Ensuring any attempt at speech was useless, leaving you unable to voice your innocence or beg. You were right to be scared of him; Novak was pure evil, and this was madness. “We tried poison, to ensure you couldn’t ever carry to term. But it wasn’t effective enough, and we will not stand idle, whilst Imperial Pedigree is watered down, bastardized by the likes of you.” Novak spoke, though there was movement behind you. Another set of feet, the rasping breath of lungs not quite working. You had forgotten that there were three people in the room, not just you two, and from the sound and smell of it the other person was not entirely well, or clean. Novak pulled the knife across your hips, letting it drag slowly. Leaving a shallow cut from hip, to hip, blood welling up through the few layers he had pierced with the blade. It all made sense now, he really wouldn’t kill you; that would not convey his message. He need to just remove the part of you that mattered to Hux; your womb. Leaving you useless and infertile, letting Hux be the one who had to decide to kill you, when you were no longer of any use to him. Salt tears of terror ran your cheeks, Hux didn’t do failure. He would never let you die after this, he would keep you alive, and the torture for your failure would be unbearable. “Veers, escaped the palace the night he asked for you, and Ren threatened to kill him. Brought us this piece of information, in exchange for what Hux refused him. He’s sick, he was going to die either way, so we may as well make his last night memorable.” The dirty, scraggily man that now stepped into view, was much thinner than the portly Veers that haunted your memories of that night, though no less repulsive. Much smellier, and impossibly viler, as he reached out one callused paw, gripping your ankle. He trailed jagged finger nails up the inside of your leg, taking care to dig them hard into your skin as he went, leaving blood in his wake. Veers would take you first, you realised, his excitement evident through his thin layers of matted rags. Then after he was done Novak would remove your womb, whilst you were conscious and without anaesthetic. In his eyes this was as much your punishment for agreeing to water down old Imperial bloodlines, and Hux’s for not caring for them. The springs moved, as Veers climbed onto the bed. The rough mud covered cloth; rubbing your soft and fragrantly clean skin. He ran hands all over your body, as much taking time to appraise what he had clearly coveted for so long, as to watch your fear. He took time to touch everywhere, wiping the mess of snot and tears from your cheeks, to taste the skin there. Something had gone horribly wrong, in Hux’s deal, for it to slip past Ren what was going to happen to you. As much for his failure, as your own, there was no way either him, or Ren realised this was the intention for you. If this was permissible they would have allowed Veers to fuck you sooner, on their own grounds. Not unless, a spine tingling cold-fear told you, this was his intention for you all along. This was the fate worse than death. Unable to give him what he wanted from you; would he whore you out. Exchanging time in your cunt, for more bargains, but first you were to finally be given birth-control you’d wanted, a permanent one. Veers’ breath washed over you, a foul stench making your stomach rebel. You stilled it, not sure how you managed it, but knowing that if you did vomit there was no way of you spitting it out. “I’m going to untie you, whore. I want to feel you struggle.” Your hands released, but still held together, Veers settled himself between your legs. Novak moving to where he could watch, not for sexual enjoyment, but out of pure hate for what you were. He would drag this out, revel in the sheer terror you had, of being fucked by his compatriot. Swinging both arms together, you managed to get one hit on Veers, and in his haze managed to scramble across the bed. You got as far as the floor, before Novak grabbed your wrists, holding them down for Veers. Veers gripped your jaw hard, almost crushing it in his grip as his hands pushed your legs open. You struggled, but there was no escape, this was it, he was going to fuck you and without the care to prepare your sex this would hurt, if it didn’t tear you. A sudden bang and the door flew open. A white clad Stormtrooper stepped through, more following him. Novak had the presence of mind to stab one, before slicing his own belly open with his knife, viscera spilling from it like a waterfall, as he keeled over dying. He would not risk giving away any secrets. Veers took a more cowardly route, trying again to escape through the open window, stopped by the emergence of a familiar black-clad titan, sabre drawn and ready. Hair curling and tussled in the wind, his arm stretched as he pushed Veers back to the opposite wall, his face a mask of pure rage. Veers slid down to the floor, either unconscious or dead, Ren ignoring him to prowl over to you arm outstretched still. His eyes blacker than you had ever seen them, jaw set and hard, he was furious, you had failed again. One of the Stormtroopers checked over Novak for vital signs, two approached you both them and Ren trying to herd you back to the bed. You were not going to comply, it was now or never! Quickly you reached for the knife that had toppled out of Novak’s hand, stabbing it hard into the trooper’s foot. Pushing it in hard enough to nail the foot to the floor, before pushing past another, making a leaping break for the corridor. You manged to make it, running down it. Not so much refusing to care, but to register that you were naked. Nothing seemed to matter but your, escape, so intent were you on your flight. Hux had used you. This betrayal worse than the constant rape, this was what he intended you to be the bait for. Not to allow the troopers to be stationed on Zeltros, but to catch the dissenters and traitors amongst the First Order. Heart thudding in your chest and your lungs burned with effort, you were not allowing yourself time to think. Tearing the gag from your mouth; to breath deeper, taking in huge lungs of burning air. It was never about providing him children, he just needed you to think that way. To behave exactly as he had programmed your fear. You really were just a mindless slave to him, one that may have genuinely attracted him, but either way you were dispensable, too easily replaced. Your fingers tore at the collar around your neck, tearing chunks of flesh from it as you tried to pull it off you, unable to bear anything of him on you. The delicate gold necklace coming away far easier than you expected in your hands. Pulling your hair from its orderly array, tossing aside the matching piece at your head. Behind you, footsteps thundered, and voices yelled; the heavy booted tread of Ren, coming closer. You needed to find an exit, to escape and not give into the rising panic. Turning a corner, you found yourself in a narrower passageway, a set of stone stairs leading up. It wasn’t ideal, but you needed to escape, if nothing else could you manage a window. Either you would escape, or the fall would kill you, either one provided a solution, that didn’t mean returning to Hux. You climbed them quickly; skinning your knees and palms as you went. Using your hands to speed up your assent, running along a wider strip of dimly lit windowed hallway. You gave a tearless sob of frustration all of them were closed, and with no sign of a latch. You were growing tired, your breathing more laboured, the earlier adrenaline supplies running low, exhausted in part by your earlier struggles. You reached the last one, lifting a cast iron statuette from a nearby plinth to break it. Repeatedly smashing at the small panes of glass and stained wood. Badly cutting your hand and arm; as you smashed both glass and the wooden frame, climbing onto the sill. You had almost made it out, when a set of hands wrapped your waist, pulling you back. You fought them sobbing and screaming like a woman possessed as the dragged you onto the floor with them. They tried to pin you, even trying to wrap their legs around you for more leverage. But you lashed out, the metal in your hand adding more weight as you brought it down hard onto the leg next to you. Its owner yelped in pain, and you took advantage of his surprise to make a fresh leap for the window. This time stopped by Ren, his Force-command pinning you in place. Stupidly you tried struggling against the invisible bonds, a waste of energy since it was the locking of your muscles that held you, not actual bonds. Ren moved behind you, taking time to enquire after the man whom you had it. It shouldn’t have taken the well clipped, voice of Hux to let you know whom you had hit. There was only one person that would demand his attention, before he dealt with a more pressing matter. For the first time ever you heard Hux swear, and boy could he swear. He let forth a string of expletives in a choice of several languages besides basic, as he struggled to walk in front of you. Limping severely from the thigh you had hit, his face contorting with rage. He backhanded you right over the existing swelling Novak had gifted you with. The injured thigh making him unsteady, almost stumbling to the ground. Ren running to catch him, Hux pushing him aside steadying himself at the last minute. Your vision blacked and you saw stars, under no illusions that your cheekbone was broken this time. Your jaw cracking, as you swallowed, agonizing even just to breathe. The vision in your good eye cleared, the sight completely fading from that eye as it swelled shut. Ren frowned, steadying his Emperor, before looking at you again, as though trying to work something out. His cat like steps coming closer, arm outstretched at a level to your head. At first you thought him about to draw more pain from you, until he tore memories of the last 24 hours from your brain, making you relive each sickening and horrifying moment. You couldn’t speak, though you could imagine what he was looking for. Pulling as much contempt for him as you could together in your mind, you tried to show it in your eyes, hoping he could feel it too. How beaten did you have to be before he believed you, would you having of died been enough? Why would neither of them accept that in no way were you a threat to them, they had ensured you couldn’t be. You knew nothing, nobody told you anything. You had nobody and you had not had a willing part in Novak and Veers’ earlier plan. Hux continued swearing at you, demanding you answer questions you brain wouldn’t let you focus on, using every choice name he could think of to insult you. His usually pristine and correct appearance was a complete mess, hair falling everywhere, his face red both from effort and yelling at you. Bringing back his fist back again, to hit you again and again, and frozen in place you could only watch in numb terror, waiting for it to connect again. Feeling the squish of flesh, the protesting of bones. “Hux, stop. Stop!” To your absolute astonishment he did, turning his aggression to Ren instead. Ren pulled Hux tight to him, a move that would have had lesser men killed. Cupping the back of Hux’s head, leaning to speak into his ear, his voice too low for you to hear, Hux neither answering, nor looking back at you. Instead slicking back his hair with his back to you, pulling down his tunic, and his clothing straight, before marching off down the corridor. Ren waited until Hux had gone, lifting you into his arms, your body going suddenly limp, as the Force-command to sleep reverberated through your brain. Your body ignoring your screaming at it not to give in, to fight it, and instead falling into obliterating darkness. Chapter 15 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The world was dully lit to your pain sharpened senses, when you came around; your vision swimming with black spots at the edges. You suspected it was just a thin matt you had been laid on, the floor chill and hard beneath it. With something light and soft, such as sheets or a blanket covering you. Your first panicked thought was that the room might be a prison cell but then the coverlet over you was too comfortable, and the room’s temperature too snug. Beneath the lightweight coverlets, you were stark naked, and the linen smelt clean, to your heightened sense of smell. There was no disinfectant smell, or sounds of apparatus; so, despite your aches and pains, it couldn’t be a medi-centre either. It was all so disorientating, and hard to focus; your head felt full of wool. How long had you been out for? Was it minutes or hours. Your wounds didn’t feel fresh, a slight smell of bacta and disinfectant suggested they had been cared for; so at least Hux wanted you physically intact. Your mouth and throat were tender and so dry, your lips badly chapped, and there were slight hunger pangs; when was the last time you ate? When you tried to run your tongue across your lips assess the damage; you could feel the healing splits and bruising on them from the various slaps and punches you had sustained. You tried to sit up, needing to assess what damage was done to your body, weakly pushing up off the cold floor you were laid on. Everything hurt, and with your hands tied you couldn’t even feel to assess your injuries, and your mind felt foggy and disassociated, and you swallowed back a sob of fear. Your last memories were of bolting, running from Novak, and Veers, and then of Ren practically hounding you to where Hux had managed to intercept you. Not that you had realised it was him that had caught you, more you panic addled brain had just interpreted any sudden touch as dangerous to you. Your escape had been so close, until Hux had been able to catch you, and too was odd. Hux running, at all was odd, running after his wayward slave, far more so. You remembered him beating you, thinking that finally you were going to die. That at last you had made yourself undesirable enough for him to let you go. That peace should only come in death, was of no real hardship by now. You should have died long ago, that first day you were taken for your final interrogation, should have ended in your execution. Instead you died a slower death, pulled a step lower to welcoming its cold embrace every day your body was made to serve their needs. Logic told you, that if Hux had wanted to beat you to death on that landing; then you would not be breathing now. That either he would have ensured you never woke, or that nothing Ren could have said would have stilled him in his endeavours. Hux had already made so many threats on what he would do if you misbehaved, of didn’t please him, that to wake at all was a miracle. Breathing shallowly as not to upset the sharp pain in your ribs, when you shifted positions. Your wrists were placed in individual magnetic cuffs, short chains looped through a ring in the wall behind you. There was a familiar weight back around your neck, and clavicle as you breathed, and you could feel the comforting weight of well-acquainted, body warmed metal. You touched it, enough give in the chain lengths to brush just the tips of your fingers across the well-remembered patterns. That Hux had put you back into your slave collar, was comforting despite the starkness of your surroundings. Your arms felt stiff, and unused, the one you had used to smash open the window, your prominent one throbbing with a dull sting in places. Covered in something tight and the skin taught in places when you flexed them. There was rattling when you moved, and an experimental tug; let you know they were very short chains. It was too much effort to lift your arms, either you were weak; or they were very heavy. That was the other thing, what had he seen in your mind to make him stop Hux. He’d never challenged Hux for how he treated you before, and you still knew nothing more that you did before. Nothing Veers and Novak said to you would be anything they wouldn’t find in an interrogation, assuming Novak was still alive to undergo one. Veers, would probably sing like a bird, he was a bully and a coward, and there was always a bigger bully. That brought you a bitter sense of justice, if either man had survived they would at least pay for their betrayal of Hux, too bad you wouldn’t be there to see them suffer. “You would like revenge Pet?” That had been Ren’s voice cutting through the semi darkness, adding another layer to your anxieties. If he was here, hiding in the shadows, was Hux also? Was he sat there, getting hard watching you flinch at his sudden words. You had no answer, was it safe to say yes, or would that earn you another beating? Your legs, were not retrained and you tried an experimental kick they felt heavy and sluggish to move, the muscles pulling. You struggled to your knees, instinctively placing yourself in a position of subservience, waiting. The roof lights switched on without warning, illuminating the large room you were in. There were two padded arm chairs opposite you; two bodies lounging in them. The Emperor in one, his hound in the other, it seemed fitting then that his whore was chained to the floor. The room was sparely, but not frugally decorated, two doors leading from it, one you hoped was a refresher, the other you guessed to be the entrance. The furniture in here was clearly here for use, and not the showy obscenely expensive pieces your bedchamber held, but there was plenty of it, even furniture to sit on. There were large mirrors, and wardrobes though; this was most definitely a bedchamber, and not a prison, for all its lack of windows. Hux was resting his cheek on his hand watching you, as you bent your head low to him. Ren naked from the waist up, a gold circlet of stars ringing his neck. You understood a little more now, you were to have been a matching set last night. Ren’s collar was heavier set than yours and would have, been hidden, but it was like the chastity belts, you both were to have been presented as his. A long sigh, from Hux you guessed as it was him who spoke next to you. His voice and body once more back under his control. “Veers and Novak are dead, we have taken all we could from them. We have unfortunately had to move you here though, to a place of safety.” Your heart knew no shame or pity at Hux’s reporting of their deaths. The unknown surroundings upsetting you more, though you knew better than to demand your location. Both Veers and Novak had been out to hurt you, both to take something too costly from your fragile body. You hoped they had died slowly, and painfully, and just as terrified as you had been. “It is good you show no remorse little-pet, what they planned to do to you was unforgiveable.” His comment stank to high heaven with hypocrisy. Veers had been planning on forcing nothing on you more than Hux himself did, the only difference was that he probably would have ensured you enjoyed it less. Novak had offered you a was no less invasive than being forced to take their cocks inside of you. Taking a deep shaky inhale of air, you steadied yourself, trying to appear still docile to your captors. If what they had done to you was to wrong, then why were you chained to the floor like an animal? “I have helped you catch your traitors. Will you kill me now please, or at least leave me for your precious Stormtroopers; they may at least be kinder than you.” There was no anger to your voice just numb tiredness, you didn’t need reminding of his threats; just for him to do it. There was no answer and you chanced a premature glace up at Hux. His eyes had narrowed the sneer curling his lip suggesting distaste at your words, or maybe it was for looking at him unbidden. You couldn’t look away now, watching the bob of his Adams apple, as he swallowed hard. He went to speak, then swallowed again, closing his mouth as though to take a moment. He replaced what had seemed to be a look of angered indifference with a blanker look, prompting you to explain yourself. “That is the threat you made; should I misbehave?” Hux looked shocked, genuinely amazed by your comment, making you roll your eyes, refusing to look at him anymore. “That Ren or I would ever allow another to touch you, is ridiculous. I must confess, I had thought you had guessed at least some of our plans; given my obvious goal for you. Why you ran, and then assaulted me is beyond me. Could you not see that Ren was there to remove you from the situation?” He sickened you, all of this did, this farce of a show of caring for your wellbeing. He cared nothing for you, beyond the pleasure he found sating his sexual appetites. He had sent you into that situation blind, believing they would hurt you, completely unaware that Ren would save you. You a defenceless woman used as a lure to unsuspectingly draw out those two traitors. All because he wanted to prove daddy wrong, and catch a runaway, all because he thought someone was poisoning you. Where did this horrible pretence come from, how did he have the audacity to pretend that he cared about your wellbeing. He kept your body whole, only to take it to pieces when it suited him, leaving others to repair your fragile shell. But that wasn’t enough was it, you were tired, so very tired of him; of it all. He had used you as bait to draw out Veers, to show his father his methods were more efficient; in what way was that worse than allowing someone else to rape you. You hated him more so for the weeks of nervous waiting then, than the beating that evening. The manipulating of your fear, teasing you to get an honest show of anxiety meant that last night was premeditated. He knew he had been making you far more scared of Novak, than you needed to be. Hux continued to watch you from his perch across the room, continuing his interrogation from a place of comfort as you grew more at unease on the uncomfortable matting. “Why did you assault me for saving you Pet? You were too high up, had you of successfully jumped; you would have fallen to your death.” Yes, at that point it had seemed irrelevant whether you lived or died, just an overruling drive to escape. That Hux had cornered you had saved your life then, for what little it was worth to you. Your thanks then for his supposed rescue of his hysterical whore then, was for you to lash out at him, injuring him possibly; you didn’t know whilst he remained in that chair. With less adrenaline in your system, you could remember the Stormtroopers who followed Ren, and the servants who hid along the corridor as Hux beat you. They must have then, seen you raise your hand to their Emperor. That beating then, was to put you in your place, for running scared from him. Was that what Ren had told him to make him stop, was hearing it from your own lips what he needed to hear. Your voice was strangled, as you explained your reasoning for running, the incomprehensible fear you had experienced in that chamber. You hadn’t known it was Hux, nor that Ren came after you to stop you from running, and when someone had tackled you, you had acted on instinct. Your frustration grew in intensity as you poured it all out, speaking until it finally choked you. Fat hot tears striping your cheeks, when you could no longer blink them away. You couldn’t go on, couldn’t risk telling him that, the beating, although far worse than anything he had put you through was only physical. Cuts and bruises would heal to nothing, the memory of what they put you through last night, would only ever be a breath away. The distress he put you through to catch those men out was unpalpable. Especially given that you now knew you had no reason to be exposed so ignorantly to it all. Hux watched you with benevolent-indifference as sobs wracked your body, not moving at all to comfort you, simply looking across at Ren as he took sips of an amber liquid swirling in a glass beaker. This the first time in an age you had been unable to stop yourself from sobbing in front of him. This weakness disgusted you, for months you had managed not to give into to this, and now you couldn’t stop yourself. If it affected him at all to see you distraught he didn’t show it, nor did Ren. Reclining back in the arm chair provided to watch you, unaffected as a cat by its kill as he studied you unblinking. His loyalty was to his Emperor, he had no feeling regarding you. At a command from Hux, he stood to fetch both water to drink and a wash cloth for your face; granting you a view of his back as he stood. It was crisscrossed with welts and thin lines of bruising, some scabbed over where they had bled. He must have had a great tolerance for pain, since he moved easily on a steady gait to come closer lowering himself to his knees before you. From here you could see the lighter marks of undeveloped marks, and thin scratch marks that marred his flesh. His eyes were red rimmed and the bags underneath held signs of little sleep. Those marks came not from interrogation sessions or fighting, but from Hux’s touch; it had been a busy night for him then. Ren’s hand touched your knee and it took everything in you not to flinch, against his touch. To show distaste for Ren, would just add another level to your previous and many infringements. You stiffened though, moving your gaze to where his hand burned into you. The one hand stayed gripped at your knee, the other pulling your chin up to him, leaning to place a kiss there. No, you thought, woodenly returning his kiss, wishing you had the guts to bite his bloody mouth; he was just going to fuck you instead. Your body sore, and broken from the beating, so badly hurt that you needed medical attention. Attention he wouldn’t allow you to have; and he wanted to have sex with you. He was deplorable, a disgusting pervert, and you wouldn’t look at him. Your face twisted into a scowl, unable to hide your revulsion at his touch. Looking through him and at the wall beyond you, refusing to look at him. Hux had said that they would not share you with another, not that he would not punish you, or get Ren to do a distasteful job for him. What then was your punishment? a fresh thought came to mind, one that should have occurred to you earlier; there were worse things than what he had promised, things he had simply shown you instead. “That thing on your ship, are you going to-?” You trailed off, unable to continue, your mouth not even able to form the words of the supposed threat. It was too heinous to ask about that monstrosity, and if that was to be your fate, you didn’t want to know. You felt the tremor that ran Ren’s body, echoing your own darkest fear. Did he feel what you had felt in the moment too then? That they would not only make you the ultimate in subservience to them, they would take ultimate control of your body from you. His grip tensed for a moment, though in comfort or as a reflex to the shudder, you couldn’t be sure. It was Hux who answered, either having guessed, or had that information relayed to him through Ren; shaking his head to your imagination. Hux kept his voice quiet; Ren’s hand at your knee stroking circles further up your leg and onto your thigh. “I you mean am I going to remove your brain? No, that would at this present time defeat the purpose of using you to mother our children. No Pet, your punishment for last night’s transgressions was borne by another.” Your blood ran cold, so that thing was shown you as a threat. A warning of a possibility for you should you not comply with their wishes. What would he do then to you, if ultimately you remained barren, would that then be your fate? Ren’s hand on your thigh squeezed, this time undoubtedly deliberate, as he spoke low into your ear, telling you to look up at him. His hand caught your cheek, careful to cup the swollen flesh softly, leaning over to kiss you. There was heat at his touch, not just from his skin, but something else strangely soothing, before it burnt in intensity causing you to pull back suddenly. Your cheek felt on fire pulsing in a tattoo with the blood rapidly strumming your body. Little enough was known to you of the Force, but you knew it could be utilized for healing purposes, and now as you spoke to demand an answer to what he was doing, you could feel the freer movements of your face muscles. “We cannot risk sending you to a medic, or healer.” Ren spoke to confirm you understanding of what was going on; that he was healing you, his hands reaching for more damaged flesh. His brow was slick with perspiration, despite the steadiness of his breath, the slow rise and fall of the deep filled lungs accentuating his sweat smeared muscles. Like this he was breath takingly beautiful and so serene, a gentler side to the deadly predator. Was this how he was alone with Hux, away from all prying eyes, was he this unnervingly gentle and calm? Somehow you felt compelled to close your eyes to him, allowing your own breath to follow the tempo of his. The steadiness helping to focus yourself through the pain; when it came to the agonising knitting together of broken bones. He proclaimed himself done with a shallow groan, flopping forward to press his brow against the cool floor. It must have cost him dearly in energy to mend your broken body, for him to appear weak before you. Or was it perhaps more that he trusted his mate to watch him, and protect him through his recovery. Across the room Hux stayed seated; his glass now empty, the twitch in his positioning the only suggestion he would have gone to Ren. Your fingers touched what had a moment ago, been painful and split flesh, breathing deeply to calm your unsettled nerves. Why had they not just sent you to a medic, if they wanted you healed? Surely if another had taken the reminder of your punishment, then it was nothing to admit to his underlings that he had beaten as slave? You both stared at each other, Ren curled on his knees between you, slowly beginning to raise himself to kneel straight again. He was pale, making the marks on the back of his torso stand out more defined than ever. Your lips pursed in misunderstanding at that, unsure how he could allow himself to find enjoyment in that level of pain. Your fingers itched to touch him, to help him, held in check by the memory of him chasing you, of everything that he did to make you run, he deserved to suffer this exhaustion. None of this would have been needed if he had just let you die. He looked across at you, his own brow furrowing, dark brows knitting together in a frown, before he lunged at you, pushing your wrists back to the wall. “Pet, if we had of known, then you never would have been used in this way. We did it to keep you safe, not to harm you.” His voice wavered with emotion, half angry, half desperate; his cheek pressing to yours, as you fought fruitlessly to escape him, the manacles at your wrists making your struggle pointless. From across the room, Hux spoke his voice less precise than usual, less clipped and more emotional, than you had ever heard him. “We risked more than we realised when we sent you, it would have been called off had we of known.” There was such sincere regret in his tone that, your eyes needed to see it for themselves. Snapping up at him, before you had a chance to stop them. This was beyond disbelief; did he really think you that gullible. What exactly did he not know about the situation, that would have changed things, was it something you knew, was that why the mind probe? Hux lent forwards in the chair, folding himself over his knees to peer closer to you, tilting his head as he studied your reaction to his words. “You really don’t understand your own body, do you?” You scowled deeply hurt and embarrassed, was that some sort of insult meant at you? No, you didn’t fully understand your body, at least not the less practical functions it required. But that was their fault; they forced you to enjoy what they put you through. You couldn’t remember when last you had control over it to understand it. You’d understood it before, but now it was constantly pushed to behave in ways you had never thought about. It was Ren who clarified his master’s words, shaking his head at Hux, before speaking his own explanation, making it so plainly spoken that you were forced to listen to them. “You don’t have periods; each time you bleed, they force you to miscarry.” His hand slid over your hip, griping it gently, before bringing it to rest on your belly placing a kiss to your forehead. The chill that ran your spine then was the worst either had yet to produce from you, and you swallowed, your empty stomach retching. They both had to be lying, this couldn’t be real; how often had this cycle been repeated? You didn’t know which was worse, that you had been forced to conceive, that you had been forced to lose a possible child, or that you didn’t know. “It’s not a rare thing for a woman to not notice, none of yours have ever passed the first month.” Hux’s explanation was more assumptive of grief at miscarriage than fortune at not having been forced to bear him children. So, that was their reasoning for the physical exam, before you left for Zeltros. They had wanted to be sure you were not pregnant, they were protecting any possible offspring, meaning genuinely if you had of been pregnant, none of this would have happened. They would have found another way to confront Novak, and lure out Veers. You didn’t know if this should comfort you then, that they wouldn’t risk you at your most vulnerable. Or if this was more a warning that worse was to come if you didn’t hurry up and provide them with a child. None of this still explained their remorse for having sent you. It hit you suddenly, like a brick; making you furious with your own naivety. It was there in their remorse, his well-structured voicing of his regrets. The room swam, and your heart thudded in your ear as you cursed yourself for your innocence. No, he would not have sent you, not because he never would have risked you, but that it could have harmed the thing he’d managed to implant inside you. They had miscalculated alright, but it hadn’t been the risk they were putting you through, they had never for one minute thought you wouldn’t be able to survive that chamber. But the stress of it all could have been lethal, to something else. “So right now, am I?” Hux moved to join you on the matt, kneeling to rub your arm, a nauseating parody of kindness. Both men looked at you, Hux nodding as he spoke on their behalves. “Yes, Ren believes so Pet; though no one else can know. Not even a medic, until we find the source of the poison, and the groups ringleader.” He’d said it himself, and yet it still didn’t ring true. You could not find a way to fit it into your consciousness, it couldn’t be real, and yet it was. Your retching started afresh, acidic bile spilling into your mouth. Hux reached for the wrist restraints, beaten by Ren, who opened them with a wave of his hand, catching you as you flopped forwards. Spilling your mouthful of bile on the arm of Hux’s pristinely clean clothing, your body burning as terror-sweats swept it. You titled your face in Ren’s arms to watch Hux; he had to realise this was wrong, he had to understand what this cost you. Vainly you looked between your captors, your eyes tear-soaked and red, wishing that there were some last vestiges of humanity hidden somewhere inside of their iron hard shells. Ren nodded, when you asked if he was sure; his face so sincere, you knew he wasn’t lying. You felt disassociated, your body wholly dysmorphic to itself. What had you ever done that was that bad, that the universe sought to repay you this harshly. Pleading with him not to make you do this, to find someone else; someone better suited; someone willing. You argued that he didn’t even know if biologically this conception was his, from the way he let Ren fuck you, almost in equal to him; it could just as likely be his offspring. When your attempts at calm and reasoning didn’t move him; you yelled, pulling out every useless threat you could. There was nothing you could do to stop him, you were defenceless to his wishes. Hux’s previous patience with you turned sour at your request to abort the fetus in side of you. His eyes hardening to a glacial stare, his jaw hardening, Ren seemingly aghast with shock that you would even consider it. You were no longer something precious and to be treated with respect. You had tainted the moment, should you have been in awe of the situation? Should you should have thought this some sort of honour? “You would have us murder our own child? Is this such a burden Pet when I am told; that women are practically fighting one another for the honour I bestowed upon you.” You tried to turn over, not sure if you were trying to run away, or just to make some distance between them. Kicking out at Hux, as Ren pinned you tight to his body, ignoring your futile attempts to try to shove away from them. In your alarm, you had forgotten to breathe, and now dizzy you sucked in air, arms twisted in Ren’s hold, as behind you Hux rubbed circles onto your back, Ren shushing in your ear. Both were actions that from any normal possible father, would have been comforting. From them they just felt wrong, and you recoiled as though burnt. The tears finally returning, to fall into Ren’s chest. Somehow this was worse than any punishment he had ever inflicted, he was forcing your body to the ultimate act of self-betrayal. “Let one of them give birth to your precious little bastards then!” The firm expanse of Ren’s muscles muffled your voice, but you knew both had heard it. Ren loosening his grip to allow Hux to tear you from his arms, pinning your wrists to the matt, his face a mottled red of fury, as you cowered under him sure he was about to hurt you again. The slap you expected didn’t come, and you struggled to shove him off again, but he lay flatter over you, his hands pointlessly pinning down what you could feel was your Force-stiffened Flesh. Hux’s face was pressed so close to you, that you could feel the vibrations of each enunciated syllable against your lips. “Never use that word in my presence again. You will mother my children, regardless of the father; they will be ours.” His pupils blew wide as he spoke his quiet order to you; daring you to be defiant again. It was never safe to defy him and you had done worse in your struggle. It was irrelevant to him then, which parent fathered the child, it would still be as much his as Ren’s. You could feel the hard lump in his pants, making you draw a sharp breath, swallowing hard as you stared fearfully back at those lust-filled eyes. You didn’t dare anger him anymore, he was aroused and that made him more unstable, less predictable. Was he going to take you; so far you had assumed his pleasure was only to serve a practical purpose. Did your pregnancy then make you more attractive to him? You were powerless to stop him taking what he wanted, and with Ren at his side he was made bolder. You whispered your question of why, his fingertips swirling in strands of hair laying in strands at your neck. He didn’t answer; instead pressing you harder into the bed; his body as possessive of you, as his voice was at his children. “I am Emperor of the known galaxy, it is not for you to question me. You are my possession and as such you will do as I say.” It was the first time he had ever spoken what you had suspected, you were literally collared and owned. You really were his pleasure slave then, and child you produced whilst so would legally belong to him then. Your child would be his, and Ren’s; but never yours. That was the worst part about them using you as a broodmare, that you would conceive and carry their children; but you wouldn’t mother them, that much was a lie. He would not want you tainting the fragile minds of his children, with their Resistance sympathies. It be taken from you at birth, and brought up thinking you were worthless, or worse still that you didn’t care; either way was unbearably cruel. Hux arched his neck, bending lower to kiss you, but you turned you head to the side. Too sick at the sight of him to allow your programmed obedience to let him touch you. When instead he kissed your cheek; you shuddered, and as his lips moved lower; tried to shuffle his head away. He kept trying, each press of his lips met with reluctance from you. He growled, holding your head between both hands, to kiss you, Ren reaching to pin your wrists as he slid lower, parting your legs to stare at you, running his hands over your abdomen. “It’s early days yet Pet; but imagine you, barefoot and practically naked, chained to my throne for all to see you. Your belly swollen with our child.” Now that you understood more, you could see Hux’s fascination for you moulded itself around your body. His repulsion for you when you bled and he failed to achieve his goal, was taken as a personal insult by him. His mouth pressed to the skin above where your womb resided, in a series of kisses; his voice husky with breathless adoration, as he promised to keep you safe this time. Notes: Sorry to anyone who has got this far and only just discovered were this was going, I've tried to drop hints. So I hope you're not all appalled at it Notes: There was always a possibility of a sequel, I left it open so I could. I just didn't expect such a quick idea. I was debating just grouping Enthroned with this as I hate having so much stuff on the go. Also, random, do I write too fast, i know i read stupidly fast. Just wondering? Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Running with Fire series