Protection Protection The marriage had been arranged by your father. Though you had inwardly protested, outwardly you had been obedient to your father’s will due to how it would benefit your entire planet. Protection under the First Order. An agreement that they would not strip your planet of its resources, nor use it as a primary base. This would prevent battles from occurring thereon if the Resistance ever discovered where loyalties developed. It was almost ironic, thinking of the emphasis that had been placed on that term. Protection . You had not consummated your marriage with the man, and yet you had been viewed as his wife all the same. Mrs. Armitage Hux. What a sham, you thought as you huddled further into the ditch. You were covered in filth and your own blood. It was solely because you had a habit of carrying bacta patches and other such items in a travel med kit that you were even still alive. You needed treatment all the same, else you still risked facing death. Gritting your teeth, you held back a cry of pain. If it was not for the fact that you needed to keep your wits about you, you would have injected some of the pain medications. Your tears were not only of frustration and pain, but of betrayal as well. The man who had promised protection… For your planet, but not for you. For him, you were but a mere pawn. You had heard General Hux discussing with some of the superior officers of the First Order the need to eliminate a certain planet. The hitch in these plans happened to be that nearby allies of the First Order would see the attack as unprovoked. You had never believed that your husband would place you in a position to be murdered. Had never considered that he would do this in order to declare war on the planet. A provoked attack. A personal affront to the First Order—murdering the wife of the general. Through pursed lips you slowly released a breath you had held in so that you did not scream. You wondered what your father was thinking. Because you had heard the transmissions as you maneuvered further and further away from the mercenary that had been hired to kill you. His conversations with your husband on a comlink. Your husband’s furious response when it had been stated that you had managed to get away—alive. General Hux was far from pleased. When the mercenary suggested that it could be made to look as though you had been kidnapped—No! You were to be killed ! Nothing less. The man to whom your father had given your hand to… Biting down on your lips, you kept in another scream. His vows had been such a farce! Perhaps the entire deal he kept with your planet had been a sham. Your nostrils flared. Maneuvering yourself onto your hands and knees, you started to crawl through the mud. The foliage was keeping you hidden, yet it also presented the potential issue of causing noise that would give away your position. The only reason you even dared moved was that it had been more than five minutes since you had heard the mercenary walking away from you. You had counted out each of those seconds with dread. Every second that had ticked by, you had waited for death. Had waited for the mercenary to discover your location. Or perhaps for your injuries to prove worse than you believed. The world was blurred at the edges. No… That was your vision, you realized. A sharp gasp left you, and your hands began patting along your body. You were kneeling in the mud. Desperately searching for your travel-sized medkit. For the one thing that could keep you alive for at least a little longer. Long enough to get help. Or reveal how your husband had lied. There was no protection—not from the man himself. Chapter 2 : Acting Acting You came to at the familiar scent of Bacta. It was stronger this time, the smell permeating throughout the—you blinked open your eyes and took in your surroundings. Room. The smell was filling the room you were in. Memory returned to you in full, the way your husband had spoken to the mercenary. General Hux of the First Order wanted you dead . Nothing personal, you thought sardonically with your lip curling upwards. He did not have any feelings when it came to you. No opinion as far as your personality went. You were nothing more than a pawn to him, and an expendable one at that. When you began to sit up, you hissed in pain and collapsed back down against the pillow. You knit your brow. There were sounds coming from a different part of the—house? building? hospital?—than you were in. You remained as silent as you could, listening all the while. There were two speakers, though you could not discern exactly what was being said. That hardly mattered to you, however; for you recognized one of those voices as belonging to an officer who worked alongside General Hux. You felt a cold chill trickle along your spine, climbing higher and higher as your brain froze with dread. You were in no position to escape. Someone had taken care of you; the bandages bespoke the medical treatment that had been administered while you had been unconscious. That did not erase your weakness, how drained your injuries had left you. And how long had you been unconscious for? These thoughts circulated in your brain as you waited for the inevitable. The officer would arrive—how would General Hux arrange for your death now? Because you had been found by some of the locals, who had then contacted the First Order… That was all on record. But your husband was a clever man. He would use this to his advantage still; find a way around this in order to see to it that you met with death so that he could then declare war on the planet. You thought of your own planet, of your home. What would it be like for your father? He would mourn you without knowing the truth. But perhaps that was best; you did not want your father to blame himself for your death. He had handed you over in marriage to the General, but it was not his fault that the man had proven himself to be duplicitous. You had not believed you could feel any colder, yet you found out otherwise when a new voice joined in the conversation. He was here . Goosebumps adorned your flesh as you began to claw around at the pillows surrounding you. It was a futile effort to bury yourself in hopes of not being seen, and still you committed yourself to doing so. A cry escaped you when you dropped a pillow atop your stomach. The conversation in the other room ceased. Footsteps. You squeezed your eyes closed and held back tears of pain and frustration. “Ah, there you are.” His voice washed over you like a wave. You felt as though you would be drowned, that he would drag you under and squeeze the life out of your lungs. “You’ve been missing for six days. I was beginning to believe you had perished.” That’s what you would have preferred, you thought bitterly. You had refused to open your eyes. This was the man who had tried to have you murdered. He had hired a mercenary! You replayed his orders in your head; the ones you had overheard. He did not want you alive. He wanted you dead. The bed upon which you were lying dipped under the pressure of new weight. He was sitting there with you. When he set a hand on your hip, you bit down on the insides of your cheeks to keep from screaming. A warmth brushed against your forehead. His breath. Next, his lips. This man was kissing you. Underneath the blankets, your hands curled into fists. If you had been of full health, you would have attempted to strike him. As it was, he would catch the blow with ease. “Are you sore?” he asked, his tone rather detached. It was not as though he truly cared about you. Your eyelids ascended, and you glowered at the man you had married. His eyes were running along your facial features. Perhaps he was curious as to how much you knew. On the off chance that he would allow you to live long enough to alert your father, you dropped your negative gaze. “Very.” General Hux hummed, his hand shifting away from your hip and to your face. It took all of your strength to not jerk away from his touch. “I want to see my father.” Another hum, this one more thoughtful than the last. “He… I imagine he is worried.” “I believe it would be best if you first rested. We will be returning to the Finalizer tomorrow morning.” The man did not pull away from you, his scrutiny remaining. Looking for any signs of betrayal on your part; how ironic. He set his thumb against your lower lip, pulling it downwards. At last did you turn your head, breaking the contact. Your lip popped back into place. “I will let you rest.” He rose, exiting the room. He doesn’t plan on killing me…at least not yet… What is he planning? You turned your head to the side in order to better listen to the conversation once more taking place. As before, the words were garbled, distorted due to the distance between yourself and the speakers. The next time someone entered the room, it was a young woman. She was perhaps your age, maybe a little older, and assisted you in rising so that you could use the toilet. General Hux’s intentions were no more clearer to you when the woman handed you a washcloth to clean yourself; she stated that your husband wished for you to be washed for when you shared his bed. You wrinkled your nose at the thought. Having accepted the washcloth from her, you watched as the woman exited the refresher in order to, as she informed you, change the bed sheets. You loathed the idea of sharing a bed with the man you had wed, the man who had nearly succeeded in having you murdered. Still… You paused, taking a deep breath then exhaling slowly as you admitted to yourself that, for the time being, it would benefit you more to humor him. It was the only way you would live long enough to speak with your father. But what can my father do? you wondered in the next breath. Hux may see to it that war is declared on my planet if he perceives my actions as being a betrayal…even though he struck the first blow. You were thankful to be alone when the following moment you gagged at the notion your husband would wish to become intimate with you. He had never pushed to consummate the marriage…and yet would that not be the perfect test? If he wished to know if you were aware of anything , sex would be his best bet. And he was such a calculating man, your husband. You faced being discovered if you denied him the pleasure of taking your virginity. Perhaps…with my injuries…he may not be as suspicious. Comforting yourself with these thoughts, you finished cleansing your body with the washcloth. Afterwards, you rose and clumsily made your way back to the bed. The sheets were fresh, the pillows reordered. And your husband was seated in a chair that was near the piece of furniture that you moved forward to occupy. The man’s gaze was glued to your form the entire time, though he spoke not a word. Calculating indeed, your mind shot; you slipped underneath the covers and laid flat on your back. If you presented your back to him, that action could also tip him off. It was tiresome, being forced to live in a world of paranoia. Yet you were not foolish enough to let your guard down. “How was it… I thought I was going to die…” “The couple stumbled upon you by accident. They were out for a stroll, and recognized your face from a holovid regarding our marriage.” He sounded bored out of his mind. The man had clearly come to terms with the fact that you had survived despite his plans, which meant that he was developing a different method of declaring war. “I was contacted immediately, and saw fit to have a local doctor tend to you until I could arrive.” “I…see…” Your voice sounded distracted even to your own ears. “I appreciate it.” He chortled. “Appreciate it? Do you believe I would allow you, my wife, to die?” Yes! “No… That’s not it.” You angled your head so that you could watch him as he continued to observe you. “I mean that you… You’re levelheaded. I’ve seen even the best of men panic in such situations.” “Yes…I suppose you have,” he drawled, his eyes meeting yours. General Hux rose from the chair. You watched him as he began to undo first his shirt and then his pants. Averting your gaze, you listened as your husband folded his clothes. It sounded as though he set them on the chair he had previously occupied. Pants. Shirt. You cringed when you heard him removing his socks. His undershirt next. You held your breath, waiting…waiting… Without removing his underwear, the man slipped into bed beside you. He was lying on his side, his arm moving underneath the pillow and cradling you. You kept staring at the wall in an attempt to ignore how he felt against you. You chewed on your bottom lip when his other arm slid across your belly, his hand cupping your hip. Perhaps he would attribute the fact that you flinched to your injuries. You set one of your hands on the healing wound so as to further support this misconception. It was when his mouth met yours that you felt yourself beginning to tremble. He pulled back after only a brief moment. “I… I hurt,” you half-lied. You did ache, and yet that was obviously not the reason behind your reaction to him. “I will have pain medici—“ “No,” you said, shaking your head. “I… I just need rest.” You forced yourself to shift your body closer to his. Years of being the daughter of the figurehead of your planet had forced you to learn how to act. How to pretend. Put on a false bravado. “Please?” “Mm…” His eyes swept down your body. “Very well.” The hand belonging to the arm under your pillow met the side of your head. He ran his fingers through your hair, and for a second time his lips met yours. He was an even better actor than you were, you thought as you forced yourself to reciprocate that brief kiss. Breaking contact, you rolled over and allowed the man to spoon with you. I can do this… I need to… Otherwise my father won’t know the truth… “G-goodnight,” you whispered despite not knowing the exact time. Chapter 3 : Interest Interest In the morning, you were offered a light breakfast by the couple in whose house you had stayed the night—several nights, you reminded yourself. It felt surreal still, to think that your husband had been the one to place you in this position. You ate slowly, dragging out eat bite and chewing at a leisurely pace in order to prolong the time before leaving the planet. You were not quite ready to return to the Finalizer ; that was General Hux’s world. He was already so clever when it came to calling the shots for things that playing on his field terrified you all the more. Surveillance. Eyes on the entire ship. You wrapped the coat you were provided around yourself, observing the man who was your husband and warden as he thanked the couple. Stormtrooper escorts and two officers were waiting on the other side of the door, outside of their home. They began to lead both you and Hux when the General ventured through the doorway. His hand was on your lower back, urging you forward. You did not fight against him. It was all you could do to keep up the façade that you were his trusting wife. In the back of your mind, however, you were plotting away. The two things that were at the forefront of your mind were that you wanted to survive and you wanted your planet to remain safe. It nearly made you sick to think that this might involve you becoming intimate with the redhead who had attempted to have you killed. Still, if you endeared yourself to him, he would possibly be more reluctant to use you as a pawn. Murdering the man was hardly an option, or at least not yet. The First Order would retaliate, slaughtering those on your planet and you as well. You boarded the transport shuttle, settled into the seat beside your husband, and stared at the wall between the two stormtroopers who were across from you. Your body still ached, and you were dreading the flight as well as the landing. Next to you, General Hux was consulting his datapad, scrolling through various items and essentially ignoring your presence. This was how your entire marriage had been; not that the two of you had been married for very long. You decided to be thankful for his attitude towards you; it meant that you did not have to feel pressured to have sex with him. Though you knew it might draw him closer to you, you wanted time to come to terms with this. As well was more time to heal. A hiss escaped from you as the shuttle jerked awake. Your hands went to your injuries, and General Hux hummed thoughtfully. He had at last turned away from his datapad to pay you some attention. “I will have the First Order’s physicians examine you.” “I… Yes, sir,” you said. You dropped your gaze down to the floor of the shuttle. After settling back further against the seat, you tilted back your head and closed your eyes. “Sir?” the redhead repeated under his breath. The corners of your mouth twitched. It took quite a bit of energy to not snort; he should be pleased, you thought, that you referred to him with anything of respect. No terms of endearment were appropriate. “Shall I now begin addressing you as princess ?” He spoke low enough so that the others present would have to strain to hear him. Your nostrils flared as you thought of how best to reply to this. The best way to lie was to remain as close to the truth as possible. “We hardly know one another. You are my husband, and yet I… I do not know what else I should call you.” “Fair enough,” the man responded. “We shall become better acquainted once the physicians have examined you.” You swallowed, saliva slipping down your throat; your mouth ran dry the next moment. He was hinting that he wished to have sex with you. Your eyes nearly watered, yet you successfully fought off the tears. Your breathing, however, quickened. Catching this, you mentally berated yourself and told yourself to relax. Then, realizing it was perfectly natural for a virgin to be so nervous, you allowed yourself to display such emotions. This drew a chuckle from the man who had nearly had you murdered. “You will be given medication for the pain,” he said, as though that was the main cause for your reservations. You bit down on your lip to keep from saying anything in response to this. Holding his datapad in one hand, General Hux reached over and touched your thigh. You tensed, looking his way in full. Your duplicitous husband was observing you, his eyes searching you as though he was waiting for something specific. Once more you received the impression that he was suspicious of you. “I will…” You paused, dropping your gaze from his face so as to appear shy. “I think medication will be helpful.” “I was beginning to believe I would have to fight you,” he drawled, adjusting his datapad to continue with his work. This time, you looked at the device as well. He did nothing to shield the display, which informed you that nothing was confidential in nature. “Such a stubborn woman—and yet I should be relieved; that stubbornness has allowed you to survive.” You underestimated me, that’s what you’re trying to say, you hissed in your head. Outwardly, you forced a smile and brushed back some of your hair. “I felt out of place there…in that home. I did not want to take anything that would further alter my perception—it’s overwhelming.” “Do you recall anything?” “Someone… I remember someone trying to kill me,” you said, your mind darting back to the way General Hux’s voice had demanded over the communications device that you were to be killed. “It’s still not entirely—it’s fuzzy in a lot of areas. Was the couple able to…tell you anything?” “Very little.” The remainder of the trip was quiet between the pair of you. The moment the ship docked in the landing bay aboard the Finalizer , General Hux steered you towards medbay. Again did you refrain from fighting him; being healed would benefit you more than it would him. Of course, that did not make the exams any more pleasant to endure. You greedily swallowed the pain medications when the examination was finished, happily followed General Hux to the man’s quarters, and climbed onto the bed. You curled into a ball. The effects of the medication were causing you to feel rather loopy. Don’t say anything stupid, you thought groggily. “No touching me.” The hand that was on your back, guiding you to ensure you did not collapse, shifted further up. “I have no intention of consummating our marriage while you are unconscious.” “No touching when awake,” you said, reaching back and weakly batting at him. You scooted closer to the middle of the bed, bringing all the pillows nearer to your body. “You have no interest in your husband, hmm?” the man questioned, his tone sounding playful to your ears. You half-turned over to look him in the eye. He had a single brow quirked, his mouth pulled into a frown. Not playful, you decided. This sobered you a little, and you pointed his way with a single finger. Twirling around that digit, you pursed your lips and blew air—to what end you were doing this, even you did not know. “Perhaps you should be given something less potent.” “Mm-no,” you said, sighing heavily and dropping your arm onto the mattress. “Tired ‘n’ sore.” “I see.” General Hux withdrew, taking a step away from the bed. “I will complete some work while you sleep off the medication. Should you need anything, use the comms device to your left.” Your eyes darted towards said object. You nodded, whispering out that you would do just that. Not that you could think of a reason you would need any assistance or want Hux near you at all. He moved to leave the room, and you once more curled up with his pillows. Chapter 4 : Cut Off Cut Off The medication given to you by the physician had you out cold for the better part of the day; not that you could tell what time it was by peering out any windows. That was one thing you were still attempting to come to terms with—General Hux intended to keep you nearby, aboard the Finalizer . You were uncertain whether this was a step up from him attempting to have you murdered in a political move, or down. When at last you did awaken, you groggily stood from the man’s bed and began rummaging through the portion he had allotted you in his closet following your marriage to him. There was not much space at all. Though you had never been a materialistic individual, that had not meant that you did not enjoy having possessions. Namely outfits. Here, aboard his ship, you had only a handful of clothing options, and every one of them were within regulations . You scoffed, snorting at this fact as you pulled out one of the looser articles of clothing. After stripping, you tugged on fresh clothes and then lowered yourself onto your knees. Once more, you started to rummage through the closet, although this time your focus was upon its floor. Your heart stuttered in your chest. Your possessions had been shifted, and all devices capable of communicating with individuals outside of the ship were missing. You grit your teeth and outright snarled. Your damned husband was not allowing you to contact your father. As you had assumed, he truly was suspicious of you. Either he believed you already knew full well what he had done, or else he feared that the memory would return over time. You were already tiring of the game he was forcing you to play, especially given that the man seemed to have the upper hand at every turn. General Hux would be present when at last you would be allowed to communicate with your father. Which meant that you could tell him nothing. Not without immediate repercussions. You were trembling as you rose to your feet. Your body still ached. You doubted you would be given more medication any time soon. The bed called to you; figuratively, of course—you weren’t hallucinating, for which you were thankful. Given that you could not do much, you returned to the bed. Rather than fall asleep, however, you stared up at the ceiling. I married to keep my planet safe… He married for political reasons as well—but why kill me? Was this his plan before he accepted my hand in marriage? You felt cheap. Worthless. It was one thing to be in a loveless marriage; this had been a possibility ever since you were young. But for your husband to want you dead? You covered your mouth with a hand, sobbing into it. Your entire body shook, and a few noises escaped despite your attempts to keep quiet. You did not want to chance General Hux entering his quarters to find you breaking down like this. Thankfully, when your husband did arrive, you had managed to calm yourself enough for the tears to stop. You straightened up and forced a smile, made it appear as though you were truly happy to see him. “I’m feeling better.” “Mm.” General Hux rounded the bed, never once looking away from you. You shifted uncomfortably, not accustomed to being so scrutinized while in the bedroom. This was a place you had always found you could relax; not his room, naturally—the very idea of a bedroom, though. Otherwise you always wore a mask to conceal your true feelings. Politics…they were so tiring. “You must be bored out of your mind.” “Well…a little.” You would play along with him. In this portion of the game, both of you were on equal footing. Or perhaps not; this flashed through your mind when he ran his tongue along his lips and shifted closer to the bed. He was eyeing you in a manner you found to be rather predatory. “Ah—“ “Shhh.” His hushing was deceptively gentle. General Hux moved onto the bed, the man setting one hand past your hip and the other on your shoulder. He effectively trapped you. Your eyes grew impossibly wide as terror ripped through you. He couldn’t—how could he want—? His mouth hovered near your cheek, his lips puckering, and all at once you felt him kiss you. You jumped at the contact. “Hmm…” “I’ve… You’ve never…been so…” Your mind scrambled for an explanation, anything to keep him from becoming even more suspicious. Nothing. You bit down on your bottom lip. Turning to face him, you fluttered your eyelashes in an attempt to gain more time. He readily allowed your silence to persist. His mouth, when it descended again, met yours. It was hungry and domineering, working you into submission. You whimpered at the contact, not reciprocating the gesture and instead turning your head to stop him. The hand left your shoulder, his thumb and forefinger cupping your chin. This prevented you from fully escaping him. You panted, nearly breathless from the kiss and the residual medications in your system. “Then your words were not mere utterances of a medicate woman.” You jerked your gaze to his face and found that he was frowning. General Hux lifted his chin and stared down the bridge of his nose at you. “To not touch you.” He nearly spat out the words. You flinched at every syllable, drawing back from the man. He allowed you this. In fact, the redhead snatched his hand away from your face. You closed your eyes and anticipated a blow that never came. “I’ve been told to be patient with you…that I may never know the full trauma of what you experienced…” Making it out as though I’m the bad guy…as though he’s innocent. You pressed your teeth together, holding in a scream that threatened to erupt. “Do you hate me?” His words caught you off guard. Your eyes flew open, and you furrowed your brow while staring at him. What were you supposed to say? “What?” Your voice was quiet, a mere whisper. “You have been cold—ever since I came to retrieve you from the planet. Distant… You act as though you do not trust me.” You shook your head, all instincts telling you to persuade this man otherwise. “I… I’m just shaken… And… We hardly know one another—like I said before.” By way of response, the man cupped your cheek with a hand. You forced yourself to lean into his touch, to raise a hand and hold onto him. “I was terrified.” “You needn’t be anymore.” You lying scum. Outwardly, you shifted closer to him, laying your head against his chest whilst keeping his hand on your cheek. “In time…I hope I will calm.” Your husband hummed, the man relaxing. You took this to mean that, for the time being, he would not press you further.