“Have you heard? The emperor is losing his mind!” whispered the laundresses, afraid that if they were to be caught gossiping they would know punishment they even feared to imagine. “ Wasn’t he already mad ? - Well…Yes, but since that Jedi girl arrived, his temper has become even more incontrollable, his anger even more extreme. I heard that the handymen have to work nearly every day to repair all the damage he keeps causing during his outbursts. - He is scary! - It’s a wonder why this girl affects him so much? I was there when those pirates first brought her to the palace, and I must say, for the warrior she’s supposed to be, she seemed very quiet and harmless. - Really? Say, how did she look like? - When her captors brought her to the great hall, she was covered head to toe, her face hidden behind a white veil. She somewhat looked like a bride, but not quite. The emperor himself descended from his throne to remove the cover away from her face. I was a bit disappointed. - Really? How? Was she ugly? - No, it’s not that. She is beautiful. I was expecting her to be more impressive, though. And she turned out to be …meek. She kept her eyes on the floor the whole time and talked in a quiet voice that the audience could barely hear. She was nothing like I imagined a Jedi warrior would be. - That maybe proves that the time of the Jedi is really over. Why do they keep her in here, anyway, I wonder”. The servants didn’t notice that a man was eavesdropping on their little conversation. General Hux had ears everywhere, and in addition to his countless spies, he excelled at sneaking on unsuspecting gossipers, quite often the precious sources of information. When the subject of the discussion passed to more trivial matters, General Hux continued on his way towards the Emperor’s quarters. His typically disdainful expression was even more noticeable today. When he got to the monumental red door that led to the private rooms of the emperor, he asked in an annoyed voice the two guards standing there to announce him. One of them obeyed diligently and through an intercom on the wall informed of the arrival of the general. The door opened wide and revealed a big hall full of columns. The walls were covered in deep blue and golden fabric and were decorated with enormous abstract paintings ( that’s how the new emperor preferred them). Apart from some chairs at the back, it was barely furnished. There were doors, though, barely distinguishable from the walls, which led to the imperial rooms or to corridors leading directly to other parts of the palace. The hall was truly a vestibule where Hux was used -yet hated- to wait. There always was that discomforting silence that made him tap his feet nervously. This time, it took merely a few seconds before he heard the unmistakable sound of Kylo Ren’s footsteps, fierce and arrogant like a bull. A door sled open and the hulking and masked figure of the emperor emerged. “Hux! You are late!” he roared, slamming the door behind him with the force. He was in a bad disposition. Having none of that, Hux cut directly to the chase: “Is something bothering you? Does it have to do with the Jedi, My Lord”? He might have come to accept that Ren, his former rival, was now the new emperor, having to call him “my lord” made Hux’s stomach turn. He never could say it right, a hint of irony always finding its way in his tone. The emperor breathed heavily. Of course, it was the girl! It has been his principal problem since she had arrived a few days ago. “She is not acting like herself! She persists on being obedient and quiet. I no longer know what to do with her!” he burst in a rare admission of helplessness. “The Jedi’s behaviour has been quite curious. Although, however odd, it is useful to us. She is the living proof that the Jedi order is definitely vanquished . Isn’t that the main reason why you keep her in the palace”? Though reasonable, Hux’ words infuriate the emperor: “When those pirates brought her to me, I wasn’t aware that they had tempered with her. They took the initiative to break her spirits, they said, so she would be easier to control. I would have choked all of them on the spot if you didn’t stop me… - My Lord, we need the pirates on our side. For a young empire like ours, it is essential to…” Kylo Ren quieted him with a blunt hand gesture and continued: “She is nothing like the girl I fought for years. Where is the fire that used to burn in her eyes when our sabers crossed? Where did all that energy, all the strength go? And you know the worst thing? I think she is doing it on purpose. She is hiding her true nature!” Hux recalled the servant’s exchange he caught earlier. Maybe they were right; maybe the emperor was going mad...or at least growing even more paranoid. “What about the force?” asked the general. “ What about it ? - Did you use the force to discover her true intentions? - I… I did try. I reached for her, and without any resistance, she let me dive into her mind. I only found fear, sadness and…resignation. However, she has been trained in controlling her thoughts and could easily be deceiving me. - Hum! Knowing her reputation, one would have expected her to prove a bit more reluctant to accept her situation. Moreover, it is very odd to think that a band of pirates succeed so easily in breaking a Jedi spirits. I’d have thought she’d be more resilient. - Exactly! She is a survivor. She is powerful. Yet, she would surrender without resisting? This is far too easy”! General Hux kept quite a few seconds until an idea sprang into his mind: “What if that’s her way of resisting?” Even behind his mask, Hux figured that his words had caught Ren’s full attention. “You are right, My Lord. She could be hiding her true nature and purposefully assuming a submissive attitude. Could she be planning something”? Kylo Ren started walking around the hall, his arms crossed behind his back. “She might be planning to kill me!” he conceded, the enthusiasm in his voice unfitting to the implications of his discovery. “If there’s the slightest possibility she is plotting an assassination, we have to remove her from the palace immediately! She might be no longer a warrior, but her training keeps her dangerous”. The emperor burst into a wild laughter that startled the general. “Absolutely not! Keep her here. In fact, bring her to me this evening. If she is hiding, I will find her, I will make her come out and show her true face. Oh, this is going to be so much fun!” The emperor seemed delighted and General Hux wondered what would be worst for him: dealing with an insane emperor or a dead emperor. _________________________________________ The three handmaidens assigned to Rey’s service really liked their new mistress. She was nice and far from demanding. She always thanked them for what they did whatever mundane the task was, which never failed to make them smile or giggle in delight. She was also very secretive and talked very rarely. She often seemed sad and they hated seeing her like that. The girls thought it was quite normal since she had lost her freedom but they sensed that it was actually because she was mourning the loss of her friends who apparently all died during the war. They knew that they were dangerous rebels and that Rey was one of them, yet they still felt sympathy for her. It was on the occasions when the emperor summoned Rey that the handmaidens had to really burst into action. They prepared her by bathing her, clothing her, making her up and styling her hair. Although she didn’t seem to care for any of that, she usually complied without any fuss, making her the perfect doll to play with. Tania, Sana and Lyn loved preparing Rey. They always tried to make the process fun for her as well, telling her funny stories and the latest palace gossip. When they were done , their hearts swelled each time with pride at how lovely she looked. Rey didn’t have the kind of showy physique or attitude. She was rather delicate and her beauty was fresh and heartwarming. And , to her handmaidens, she was truly the prettiest. At first, when she arrived at the palace, Rey was called for quite often by the emperor but that didn’t last long. It was obvious that she quickly lost his favours. She used to be invited to all the ceremonies and the banquets, apparently to be shown to the guests like a war trophy. Sometimes, the emperor asked to see her privately, too. However, that never ended well. Every time he met with Rey, he apparently ended up bursting into a rage. The Handmaidens couldn’t imagine how such a sweet person would cause him so much anger. Sana, always the cheeky one, suggested that it was probably because their mistress refused to give herself to him. If she was truly rejecting the emperor’s advances, she would be deserving of their admiration, indeed. Was such a thing even possible? When they were told that Rey was to meet Lord Kylo Ren that evening, joy spread among them. They missed taking care of her. Lyn went to Rey’s room to wake her up. The former Jedi usually slept a great deal during the day, having very little to keep her occupied. The handmaiden found her awake, though, sitting quietly in a corner of the room. The girl, although ignorant of Jedi meditation, was mesmerised by the serene look on Rey’s face and wouldn’t dare to disturb her. Despite her best effort, Rey sensed her presence and opened her eyes slowly while a faint smile appeared on her lips: “I am to see the emperor, am I not?” she asked the servant who nodded, seemingly embarrassed that she might have interrupted Rey during a mysterious Jedi exercise. “Thank you, Lyn. I will be there in a second”. The handmaiden existed the small room that was Rey’s . She had been able to choose it herself, a rare privilege that the emperor bestowed upon her. A small white space with few furnishers or decorations, contrasting with the rest of the sumptuous palace. She liked it because it had a big window that let her admire the magnificent view that was Naboo’s nature. She got up slowly and went to join the handmaidens already prepared for her bath. _________________________________________ It was Phasma who came to escort Rey to the emperor’s quarters. The tall blonde , now a general of the army, was usually very busy, but she was instructed by Kylo Ren to go get the former Jedi herself. Truth be said , she rather liked Rey. She found her discreet and respectful, qualities she valued in her soldiers but also in civilians. Therefore, she didn’t mind taking care of a trivial task such as escorting her. Granting, the true reason the emperor asked her to do it was that he wanted her to observe Rey’s behaviour and report to him. Indeed, he asked that she’d watch her more closely henceforth. Ever the obedient soldier, Phasma acquiesced without arguing. When she arrived at Rey’s chambers, the girl was ready and waiting. She greeted the general with a polite smile and followed her through the immense palace. Phasma ventured a discreet look at Rey. The young woman kept silent and her eyes fixed on the floor. The general knew the reputation of this former enemy of the First Order, how fierce and determined she was supposed to be, the many defeats she had caused to her opponents. She struggled to picture this inoffensive girl as a ruthless warrior. However, she knew better than to judge a person by their appearance. There was also a hint of sadness in Rey’s eyes than Phasma couldn’t fail to notice. The girl did lose most of her comrades earlier that year and the general could easily rely to that. Even if most of her subordinates believed her heartless, Phasma was always affected by the loss of each of them. “Are you provided with all you need, Lady Rey?” she asked spontaneously, even though she habitually wasn’t one for conversation. Lifting her head in surprise, it took Rey a few seconds before she smiled and answered: “Oh yes! Thank you captain . - Actually, I am a general now, since Lord Ren’s ascension to the power. - Right. I am sorry, I forgot”. Phasma knew that Rey had that habit of calling her “captain” because of FN-2187. He must have talked about her a lot to his comrades of the Resistance, and not in a very flattering way. Somehow, she didn’t really mind. “Oh, you know! Captain or general, it is practically the same thing. You have to take care of a bunch of lazy clumsy kids”. Rey laughed genuinely at Phasma’s uncharacteristic joke. The blonde woman gifted her back with a rare smile just before they arrived to their destination. The imperial guards greeted General Phasma and Rey and the door slid open to let the two woman get in. When they got into the vestibule, the general pointed at one of the doors and told Rey that the emperor was waiting for her on the other side. As soon as Rey got to the door, it opened without her even signaling her presence. The general left without looking back. _________________________________________ As soon as Rey sat foot on the carpeted floor of the oval room where he habitually meditated, Kylo Ren’s eyes flew open. He was surprised to see her wearing pink. She looked very feminine, almost girly, not at all the raging warrior he was used to fight. Sitting on his knees at the center of the circular room, he lifted his hand to invite her to come closer. She hastily obeyed. “Sit down Rey!” he ordered, pointing to the spot where he wanted her to be. She gathered her puffy skirts in her hands so she could sit in front of him. She looked hesitant and yet elegant, he thought, while she managed to find a comfortable position despite her unpractical clothes. She straightened her back and looked at him with apparent calm. “Are you doing well, Rey? - Yes , My Lord”. He could not decide if he liked the way she called him or if it annoyed him. “Are you sure? You know you are a guest here, so you must tell me if you lack anything. - I have no reason to complain, My Lord”. Kylo snorted derisively as he started to feel a bit irritated. That was typically how she talked to him since she arrived. She never spoke to him that way before. She never feared him. When they were fighting for opposite sides, she even used to be cocky. Even when she happened to be his prisoner, she never shied away from telling him exactly what she thought about him. “Don’t you get bored sometimes?” he asked and it visibly surprised her. “I...try to keep myself busy. - How?” She hesitated but he didn’t give her any respite. “Tell me! - I try to meditate . - Really? What else do you do?” Rey daren’t answer and looked away. Kylo Ren knew perfectly well that it wasn’t up to her. She was practically a prisoner. She didn’t have the right to go outside or even to wander through the palace without escort. What kind of activities were she to have, when she was relegated to her small quarters, constantly watched. It was not like she were to learn embroidery. However different she acted now, she was definitely not that kind of girl. She obviously refused to continue the pointless exchange. Enticed by her reaction, Kylo Ren pressed further: “You are a wild creature, Rey. You can’t make me believe that you are content when you have nothing to occupy your time. - I do with what I have, My Lord. - Enough !” He smashed his fist into the floor, trembling with anger and startling Rey. “I am giving you an opportunity here, Rey. An opportunity you’d better not waste if you don’t want to let yourself die of boredom. Because you should never forget that I can make sure you would”. He breathed heavily, his jaw clenched, and stared at her so intensely she couldn’t divert her gaze. “I want you to start training with me...every day”. Rey’s eyelashes fluttered and though her mouth fell open, no answer came. “I need a training partner who has the skills to challenge me”, Kylo Ren continued, his temper getting cooler now that he was able to destabilize Rey. “Do you agree to join me in my training, Rey? Or will you refuse like you did in the past?” It was a challenge. Rey seemed hesitant for a moment. She looked down and bit her lower lip, which nearly made Ren burst into one of his anger tantrums before she finally nodded: “As you wish, My Lord!” Chapter 2 Summary: Kylo Ren is a frustrated man. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “No, Rey, no! You are not even trying!” shouted Kylo Ren, exasperated. Rey was catching on her breath, leaning on her knees. She usually had more stamina, but weeks of inactivity affected her endurance. Dressed up in matching black uniforms, they were alone in the immense training compound, usually frequented by the guards for their daily exercises. The emperor demanded to have it all to his own when he trained, refusing to be seen by his subordinates amidst the effort, sweating, panting, maskless. He allowed himself that kind of vulnerability only in the presence of the other Knights of Ren and now of Rey, his new training partner. However, the former Jedi wasn’t proving to be a sufficient challenge. “A few months out of practice and you already can’t stand a bit of effort?” he scolded her, circling around her, his mock saber in hand. “Come at me, like you mean it!” he ordered and she nimbly executed an attack that he nonetheless countered too easily. “You lack determination! Where is that energy you used to have when we fought? Where is your spirit, huh?” Rey didn’t answer and instead tried to attack again a couple of times, but he kept dodging and counterattacking with very little effort. She seemed tired, unfocused and it further irritated him. Ren ended up attacking her, pushing her through the training complex, hitting her lightly in the side when her guard went down, until she was compelled to let go of her training saber. She didn’t try to pick it up and instead rubbed her side where she had been hit. “Is that it?” exclaimed Kylo Ren with obvious disappointment. “Are you giving up? This isn’t like you at all! - As you said, my lord: ‘I must be out of practice’”, she answered in a breathy voice, looking down at her feet as she often did in his presence since she arrived at the palace. The emperor got closer to her, looking attentively at her face. “No, that’s not it… You are hiding something! I know you do!” he declared with certainty. “ Hiding , My Lord? - Yes. You can’t make me believe that you have changed this much in so little time. You act as if you were a completely different person from the one I used to fight during the war. - I...I don’t know what to say, My Lord. - Why do you keep calling me that! - Calling you .. ? - ‘My Lord’! You used to call me by my name before. Why the change? - You are the emperor now”, answered Rey, matter-of-factly. They both fell silent. Rey wrapped her arms around her shoulders, and turned her head to the side with a resigned expression on her face. Kylo Ren contemplated her, hot air expelling noisily through his nostrils. He tried to read Rey’s features and resisted the desire to dive into her thoughts, as he feared to be further infuriated if his attempt was yet again fruitless. While he examined her, he noticed how a sweat bead had formed on her forehead. When it got heavy enough, it started its descent, drawing a delicate shiny line on her cheek until it got to her chin and detached from her skin. He noted how long, and lean her throat was. It pulsed ever so slightly. Instinctively, he swallowed hard which quite surprised him and before he could give it a thought, he was forcing a cough and saying to Rey: “You obviously need more exercise. I will help you get back in shape before we can resume practicing saber combat”. The girl seemed baffled but quickly nodded. “Come back tomorrow, at the same time. - Yes , My … Lord!” As he noticed her hesitation, Kylo Ren decided not to comment on the matter and nodded while turning his back to Rey and heading to the changing-room. ____________________________ “Senators and their demands! Senators and their useless rules! I hate them and their cowardly tactics! They would do anything in their power to prevent real change from occuring! If I could I would do without them entirely!” As General Hux listened to Kylo Ren go on about the imperial senate, yet again, he quirked his eyebrow and answered derisively: “As you well know, Lord Ren, I am not a big amateur of senates, parliaments or any form of political assembly. They are more a waste of time and energy than any super weapon ever built. However, that’s the thing: We can’t do without them, just yet. We need… The empire needs the support of the senate to reinforce its influence over the galaxy. At least until your rule is truly recognised”. Kylo Ren growled in frustration. He clenched his hand so hard that his whole arm started trembling. General Hux, who was all too well familiar with the emperor’s tantrums, was glad that a whole desk separated them. Yet, he didn’t expect Kylo Ren’s temper to flare so fast this time. The table was lifted through the air of the small and dark operations room, then smashed against the ceiling to fall in pieces on the floor in a big rumble. The general tried to keep an air of calm but a piece that fell too close startled him, making him jump and hide his head under his arms. He might consider wearing a mask like the emperor, for security reasons. “They want me to justify my decisions! I do not have to account to anyone! I am the emperor! Have they forgotten how I crushed The Resistance? Do they not fear me? - Perhaps they fear you too much, My Lord”. Hux hated how his voice trembled when he spoke and he coughed and cracked his neck to regain some sort of composure before resuming: “They’re afraid you might be out of control and that...you might not know what you are doing. - Those fools! I am the only one who knows what he is doing. I have always fought to bring balance to the galaxy. Now that I am the emperor, I am doing my best to make the world a better place, deprived of chaos, of suffering. Yet, they refuse to understand. How can they be so narrow-minded? - If I may? There are always ways to persuade people. It just takes cunning and...patience”. Kylo Ren tilted his head fixating Hux who smirked back in a very collusive way. That is exactly why he kept him alive, why he made him his main advisor, even if he hated his guts and often wanted to force-choke him back when they were both under the authority of Snoke . The man was brilliant and sly, just like an advisor to the emperor should be. ____________________________ Rey executed all the lightsaber forms perfectly. She truly was a talented student, mused Kylo Ren while he supervised her practice. She went, in very little time, from the scavenger who roughly knew how to hold a lightsaber, with a fighting style that lacked any finesse or strategy, to an elegant warrior who excelled at every movement. He felt a pang of jealousy when he realised that he could have been the one who trained her and cut the diamond out of the rough stone she used to be instead of his foolish hermit of an uncle. But , she had rejected his offer to become her teacher and her refusal still incensed him after all these years, Despite the mastery she showed in the execution of the Jedi combat forms, Rey still lacked the ruthlessness he usually expected from her when they met at the battlefield. “It feels like you are dancing! You execute all the forms with such ease. - Thank you, My Lord!” answered Rey, slightly embarrassed. “But I don’t think that is all you can do! It feels to me that you are holding back. - What makes you think that? - I have never known you so focused, so passionless, Rey”. As he spoke to her, he stepped closer until he was just a few centimeters shy of her and, with his index, he lifted her chin to force her to look at his face. “You cannot hide from me forever. I will be patient, though. I will wait until you come out again. Won’t you come out and play, Rey?” It sounded rather flirty to Kylo Ren’s own surprised ears. Unexpectedly, Rey didn’t try to avoid his gaze. She looked at him right in the eyes and they stared at each other in silence. The emperor had suddenly the desire to caress her lips with his thumb. He never truly noticed how pink and perfectly shaped they were. They trembled almost imperceptibly, betraying the nervousness that she felt, glistening under the dim lights as they were. A vision invaded his mind, of Rey wantonly sucking his finger into her mouth and humming with unabashed pleasure. His breath caught in his lungs. This kind of lewd fantasies involving Rey kept tormenting him. He couldn’t look at her the same way anymore. Her body kept calling for him, begging for his touch, for his lips. It was undeniable, the pull that he felt towards her, just like The Force. Just as quickly as it came, he chased the image from his brain and let go of Rey’s chin. He dreaded the possibility she might have known what went through his head and, as if he was running away, he took a few steps away from her. “I will be away a few days”, he finally said after a long pause. - You will , My Lord? - Yes. I need to attend a voting session at the imperial senate. Then, if everything goes well, I will be travelling to the Outer Rim Territories”. He was revealing too much to her. He was actually babbling and winced at the realisation. Nevertheless, he felt compelled to justify his absence for the next few days: “I have to convince the senate about the importance of pacifying the Outer Rim. Order will never truly be restored in the galaxy if half of it remains under the influence of cartels and all sorts of crime lords”. Rey didn’t comment on any of that. She just listened and nodded passively until Ren gave up on explaining. She obviously had no interest in his politics. “If you wish to continue training, while I am gone, I will see to it that you have access to these training rooms every day. - Thank you, My Lord. I do appreciate it”. The emperor smiled, seeing how much eagerer she was about the subject of training than politics. She apparently appreciated the activity, even if he forced it on her in the first place. “Good! You are dismissed!” ____________________________ The trip to Coruscant didn’t live up to the emperor expectations. Still, it didn’t turn out to be the disaster he dreaded either. The senate sessions Kylo Ren attended proved how much the imperial senators were inclined to prevaricate when they had to take important decisions. He had been there three days and the debate on whether an organised attack on the Outer Rim Territories was a good strategy didn’t progress one bit. It was pure torture to the former Knight of Ren to keep his temper under control while witnessing hours and hours of deliberation between such incompetent creatures claiming to decide if his ideas were worth executing. However, during his stay, Hux introduced to him a group of senators who seemed quite sympathetic to his projects. They were a bunch of ambitious and opportunistic wolves, really - Kylo Ren immediately recognised them as so - but they had the potential to prove themselves very useful if they were to form the core of a new lobby of politicians dedicated to him and his vision. Hux accompanied the emperor to Coruscant as long as a great number of officers and advisers, but the general was the only one to attend every senate session and reunion with him. When he asked him about the young group of senators, Hux encouraged Ren to reinforce his connection to them and thus strengthened the emperor’s resolve. Kylo Ren decided to invite three of them to his palace, including Ysma Aki, the senator who acted like the leader of the group. When it became evident that the senate wasn’t likely to pass any vote concerning the Outer Rim Territories any time soon, Kylo Ren decided to go back to Naboo. However, he left General Hux behind him so he can work on influencing and/or pressuring as many senators as he could. ____________________________ As soon as he sat foot on the palace, the first idea that came through Kylo Ren’s mind was that he wanted to see Rey again. He couldn’t explain why, but he was pushed by an urge that guided his steps towards her rooms as soon as he arrived, much to the surprise and dismay of the Palace’s staff. When he approached her chambers, before anyone could warn her or her handmaidens, he heard a delicate laughter that he identified immediately as Rey’s. The sound, so joyful and unexpected, made his stomach contract. He felt a strange longing accompanied by a hint of frustration. All of a sudden, he smashed the door open using The Force, surprizing the occupants of the room. The three handmaidens, who were sitting on the floor with Rey, enjoying a game of cards, jumped like startled animals and run to the corner of the room, assuming a servile position. While Rey, just as shaken as they were, remained seated and contemplated Kylo Ren with a look of shock. “My Lord, you are back!” she stated the obvious before swallowing hard. Was it his hasty return or the fact that he entered to her rooms for the first time, and in such an unexpected way, that made Rey seem so very unnerved? For a moment, Kylo Ren thought that he might finally have caught her out of character, that her laughter might have been an expression of her true personality, but she persisted on being calm now and waited for his answer. “Despite my best effort, the trip turned out unproductive,” he explained. When he remembered the presence of the servants, he looked at them menacingly through his mask and they didn’t need to see his eyes to feel a chill. “You three, get out”, he ordered and they obeyed in a blink of an eye. He turned back his attention to Rey who remained on the floor. He examined her more intently. Her hair was braided and dangled over her left shoulder. She was wearing a simple dress of light yellow and her feet were bare. She wore no makeup nor jewels, and she needed none to set the emperor’s spirit aflame. He wanted her; there was no longer any doubt about it. He wanted to kiss her until she went breathless. He wanted to rip that dress and taste her skin, to push her on her back and take her without restraint. Oh, the things he would do to her, if she only let him, if she stopped resisting him. She was fighting him, in her own way. That was also very clear to him now. By assuming the obedient and resigned attitude of a prisoner, she was denying him the opportunity to conquer and submit her on his own. Still, she wasn’t going to win. He would make her his, the real Rey, the one who gave him the scar he saw every morning in the mirror, not the pale lifeless copy she was giving him instead since she had been offered to him as a gift. “I have important guests arriving in a few days. I need you to attend the banquet that will be organised for them”, he told her in an authoritative tone. - Yes … - Focus on Soresu while you practice your forms, until then!” Then without further clarification, Kylo Ren left the room. ____________________________ “My lord, is that the last Jedi I see there? - Well noticed , Senator Aki. - Rey, she is called , isn’t she? Well, I would never have expected her to be so...young”. Kylo Ren decided that he hated Senator Aki. The man was a hypocrite and a kiss-ass of no measure and he kept leaning and invading the emperor’s personal space to offer him empty compliments and shallow observations about the other guests of the banquet. Still, Ren had to act civil towards him since he was the one who invited him in the first place. The emperor sat at the center of a vast crescent-shaped table in the opulently decorated celebration hall. The room’s huge walls were adorned with engraved wooden panels surrounding the windows that offered a fabulous view of Naboo’s starry night. Chatter and clinking sounds filled the enormous space as the guests around him feasted on the exotic and numerous dishes that kept flowing from the kitchens. He, however, had his mask on, a dark lustrous monstrosity with large horns that he selected from his collection. It went quite well, however, with the large embroidered cape he had on . He refused to partake in the feast. He always ate in private. He sat there, observing his invitees like a sentinel, looming and intimidating. “She is decidedly nothing like I imagined,” observed the senator. Kylo Ren noticed the politician’s interested gaze on Rey and felt the urge to twist the little arrogant bastard’s neck. “Believe me; she is more deadly than anyone in this room. Except me of course!” The emperor was amused by Senator Aki’s nervous laugh. He decided to push further: “Would you like to see what she is capable of?” he asked, and before any reply could cross the senator’s lips, he called her. “Rey, come here!” She was quietly sitting far from the emperor, nearly at the end of the table, and when Kylo Ren called her out, all the guests ceased their chatting and looked in her direction. Rey got up from her chair and approached the emperor in silence. “Rey, I want you to show our guests how good you are with a lightsaber”. The girl’s mouth fell agape at his request. Before she could protest, he was asking the servants to bring him a lightsaber, his lightsaber, which he presented to her as soon as he had it in his hand. A light tension run through the room and the guests started whispering around the pair of force-users. Rey hesitated, and then, with a trembling hand, she took the lightsaber, causing gasps amongst the audience. “Show us some movements from Form III, would you?” There were dancers and acrobats entertaining the guests, but when Rey joined the center of the hall, they ceased their activities and spread in all directions, offering her the space to perform her own show. At first, she seemed very shy. When she ignited the lightsaber, the decidedly menacing aspect of the weapon and the simple knowledge of what a Jedi was capable of made the guests feel very uneasy. Nevertheless, they were soon appeased by the sheer grace of her actions. She moved like an elegant dancer, executing one position after the other, twirling agilely her weapon as if she was defending herself from invisible projectiles. “This lightsaber form is called Soresu . It is a defensive technique. It allows the warrior to defend themselves from blaster bolts and other attacks,” Kylo Ren explained to Senator Aki. The politician found the emperor quite blasé when a Jedi was wielding a mortal weapon in the same room. Perhaps his worries were justified, as Rey suddenly accelerated her rhythm and changed her technique. Even to the eyes of those ignorant of lightsaber combat, her actions seemed now more aggressive. Many of the guests left their seats to get away from her as she started swinging the laser saber in big circles through the air. Lithely, she span around, slowly getting closer to the emperor. Senator Aki jumped in panic, letting his chair fall and running away from the twirl of red flames who came towards him and Kylo Ren. The guards soared in the direction of their ruler. The Jedi was just in front of him, the table merely separating them, when she stopped spinning and pointed the lightsaber to his face. The emperor could easily distinguish the scent of burning dust and carbon that emanated from his weapon. Rey was breathing heavily, an unmistakably menacing look in her eyes. The guards all pointed their blasters towards her. The guests were all in panic, convinced that they were going to witness a regicide. Kylo Ren was the only one who actually enjoyed the situation. “There you are”, he whispered only for her to hear. After a brief moment, Rey seemed to regain her control and turned the lightsaber off. The guards were going to seize her when the emperor lifted his hand and stopped them: “Thank you, Rey. That was a truly impressive demonstration of your skills. You may go back to your seat”. _____________________________ “Why does he keep her here? Wouldn’t it be better if she were in prison. - She is obviously too dangerous to stay free in the palace. - She wants to kill the emperor, there can be no doubt”. The servants’ gossip reflected Hux’s thoughts perfectly. When he came back from Corusant , he was shocked to learn what happened. The emperor hadn’t even bothered to inform him before he got back to Naboo. How could Ren be so foolish? Hux tried to talk to him and discuss why the Jedi girl hadn’t been captured yet, after what she had done during the banquet. “She still wants to kill me!” Kylo Ren said as if it made him happy. “Yes, and that’s why she has to be restrained, at the least”, Hux tried to reason with him but Ren seemed entranced: “She didn’t really intent to strike me, but she couldn’t contain her rage, not when she had such a powerful weapon in her hands! - I must insist, My Lord, that giving the Jedi access to weapons is not very...prudent. Should she remain in the palace, she must be rendered inoffensive. She must remain docile. - But I don’t want her to be docile!” Kylo Ren voice shook the walls of the vestibule and silenced the general at once. “I don’t care if she is dangerous! That’s how she’s supposed to be. Besides, I am perfectly able to handle her, and I find your lack of trust very insulting! - My Lord, I only care for your security”, ventured Hux as a justification, sweat starting to appear on his forehead. “She has been pretending, Hux. Just like you said. But now , her false persona is starting to crackle. She will not be able to hide for long!” There were so much passion and intensity in Kylo Ren’s voice that Hux couldn’t help frowning his eyebrows. Suddenly, it became clear to him that the emperor harbored feelings for the Jedi. It wasn’t just about rivalry or the yearning from dominance, anymore. He clearly wanted her. It made sense, actually; He had been acting so irrationally when it came to his former opponent -even though the emperor had never been quite the sensible man. Still, Hux was stunned to realise that a woman had such an effect on Ren. Throughout the years they worked together, the dark knight never showed any sign of inclination towards another being, let alone romantically. “If you allow me sir, I would like to talk to her. - Why ? - It is just a technicality. I want to know what explanation she has to offer regarding what happened at the banquet, if you may”. The emperor considered silently the request of his advisor then answered him: “Alright, do it! Let’s see what she has to say.” ____________________________ “The lightsaber made me do it,” said Rey with a sorry expression. “I wasn’t intending to attack the emperor, I assure you”. Hux knew that all she said could very well be true. Pointing a lightsaber at the emperor could be considered a very bad tactic if she wanted to keep going with her submissive act and maintain all suspicion at bay. Nevertheless, he invited her here, to his quarters, so she could explain what happened. They were both seating at a small table, in his solarium, surrounded by an abundancy of luscious plants that Hux gathered all around the galaxy. He had a passion for flora, as few people actually knew. He loved to be around plants. They were more compliant and predictable than people. They were also more fascinating and lovely to look at. He poured Rey another cup of the green colored infusion he himself was drinking and pressed her for more details: “How did a lightsaber influence your actions? - It is a Dark Side weapon. It oozes of dark energy. I wasn’t unable to control its power”. General Hux rolled his eyes. He hated all the force-related gibberish. He probably shouldn’t have asked. He decided to change the subject: “The emperor thinks that you are playing a game, that you are pretending to be obedient? - Yes, he has mentioned it”, conceded Rey, suddenly looking tired. - He refuses to believe that you have accepted your condition so easily. - What choice do I have? If I resist I know it would be my doom. - Right...” She was very convincing, he had to admit, but he wanted to test her further more: “Personally, if I were to face an enemy much stronger than me, I would definitely try to lure them into a false sense of confidence by pretending to be totally inoffensive while waiting for the perfect moment to strike”. Rey didn’t flinch despite Hux’s piercing look and devilish smirk and noticed calmly: “That would be a very devious plan, indeed”. The general snorted and continued, irony tainting his words: “Of course, it would be even better if there was a possibility I could seduce my enemy. Then, nothing could stop me from executing my plot”. Rey seemed positively shocked. If she was pretending, she was definitely an excellent actor, thought Hux while sipping his drink. She will definitely prove useful to him. _____________________________ Several days passed before Kylo Ren could see Rey again. He had been busy and Hux and the captain of the imperial guards lively advised against meeting her again alone. He didn't care for any of their warnings and seized the first occasion to go and visit her. This time, it seemed that Rey and her handmaidens were expecting him. It was strange but he guessed that she knew that he would want to see her eventually. As he entered Rey's room, the handmaidens greeted him with a bow. They leaned exactly at the same time in their white and red uniform, which made him think of dancers executing a well-practiced chorography. Rey stood at the center of the room, looking serene. She wore a light blue dress with long and ample white sleeves that covered her hands. Her hair was brought into a single bun held together by a simple hairpin. As he kept looking at her without a word, she pursed her lips, expecting him to explain the reason of his visit. He guessed she already knew, of course. With a hand gesture, he dismissed the servants and the guard who accompanied him. The guard hesitated, but ended up leaving, observing that the emperor's wrath would always be far greater than his superiors’ would. "Let us meditate together, shall we?" Rey was visibly not expecting Kylo Ren to say that. Her lashes fluttered in disbelieve and it took her a few seconds before she nodded and sat down on the carpeted-floor of her chamber. The emperor imitated her and sat in front of her in a meditative stance, removing his mask and setting it between them. He closed his eyes and in a controlled voice, he asked her: "Tell me, Rey; do you think I should punish you for trying to kill me? - My Lord, I wasn't trying to kill you!" There was apparent alarm in her voice. "So you keep saying, apparently. Yet, I remember the way you looked at me when you pointed my lightsaber at my face. There was fire in your eyes! - I...I lost control, My Lord. - Indeed! You couldn't keep pretending at the moment. You showed your true self". Rey brought her brows together in an expression of helplessness and whispered: "I don't know what you want from me!" For a very short moment, Kylo Ren doubted himself. Was he wrong about her? Did all resistance really leave her being? Did her sorrow make her weak? Seeing this fragile woman so defeated broke his heart. Suddenly, he remembered; this wasn't any girl he had in front of him. This was Rey, his foe. She was a formidable woman and he had the mark on his face to prove it: "I want you to stop taking me for a fool!" he ultimately declared. There was a twisted smirk on his face when he lifted his hand and started choking her with the force. He was used to the panic on people's faces when he did it to them, to the way they uselessly brought their hands to free their necks from the invisible hold. It was different with Rey. Apart from the sudden flush that appeared on her face and the little yelp that escaped from her lips, she didn't move at all. She just stared at him and bared the pain he bestowed upon her. It just drove him mad. He certainly didn't want to kill her, but he wanted to make her react. His face became as red as hers and his hand trembled until he finally loosened his grip, allowing her to breathe again. His invisible touch however didn't totally disappear. Without giving it any thought, Kylo Ren concentrated and brought his invisible hand down her neck. He started caressing her collarbones provoking a small whimper from her. There was incomprehension in her eyes but he ignored her implicit question. When his invisible hand got to her breasts, she gasped and he discovered that her bashfulness was incredibly tantalising. She couldn't stop him, she was at the mercy of his invisible touch as he squeezed her tender mounts. He watched in wonderment as her breathing fastened, eyes closed and cheeks flushed red. He was amazed by her resilience. Apart from the expected physiological reactions, Rey apparently refused to react to his assault. She just endured it without protesting, squeezing her eyes shut and donning an expression that betrayed neither her revulsion nor the enjoyment of his touch. Up until his invisible hand got to the apex of her thighs. When he cupped it and tightened his grip, she shook with all her being. She fell forward on her hands and breathed: "No!" Kylo Ren noticed then that he was sweating. He was feeling unbearably hot and his mouth was as dry as desert. He looked at the trembling form of Rey and instantly lost control. In a second, he was on her. He grasped her arms to lift her up, getting hold of the collar of her dress and bringing it violently down her shoulders. As soon as her skin was revealed , he started kissing it ravenously. He was greedy and impatient, tasting her neck, shoulders and the top of her breasts. He heard her whimpering but didn't care the slightest. He pushed her on her back and started biting the delicate skin of her neck. "Please, no!" she begged him, but she didn't have a say in the matter. She was his gift, his possession. Even she couldn't stop him from doing whatever he wanted with her. "Please, My Lord! Not like this!" It was a hushed plead, barely audible, yet it succeeded in stopping his assault. Kylo Ren looked in Rey's desperate eyes, panting, and repeated breathily: "Yes…Not like this!" He caressed her cheek with the back of his hand, then got up, picked up his mask and left Rey, still shivering on the floor. Notes: Dear readers, thank you so much for all the kudos and comments you left for the first chapter. I am really humbled by your encouragements. You are truly fantastic! I hope that the second chapter was up to your expectations. I hesitated to put a warning about the last scene as it probably can be considered mildly Non/Con. Do you think I should have? Your opinion is very important to me! Chapter 3 Summary: Kylo Ren is learning patience. Two new characters are introduced. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey’s handmaidens had no doubt about what happened. When the emperor dismissed them, they went to hide discreetly in the small dressing room adjacent to Rey’s bedroom. They kept quiet and tried to listen with their ears to the wall. They couldn’t hear much but enough to know that their mistress had been assaulted by the emperor. They felt guilty and distressed to be unable to help her. Their position didn’t allow them to intervene. They were mere servants and their master was scary, so very much. When they heard him leave, soon enough they went back to Rey’s room and found her recovering from his attack. Rey looked heartbreakingly fragile while she brought back the collar of her dress over her shoulders. He couldn’t have done much to her in so little time, but the handmaidens shared mortified glances when they noticed the bruises on her neck. Lyn and Sana rushed to her side, to help her get up. “Are you alright, My Lady?” asked her Lyn, real concern showing in her voice. She smiled at them and reassured them: “Don’t worry! I’m fine!” Tania stood there, boiling in anger. “Men!” she spat with balled fists and scrunched up nose. Rey got on her feet and soon recovered her dignified stature. She seemed fine, better than the maids would have expected. “Would you like a bath, My Lady?” suggested Tania who had noticeably calmed down. “A bath would be great! Thank you!” agreed Rey with a sweet smile. The handmaidens soon got the bath ready. They poured some extra oils and perfumes to make it more relaxing and agreeable for their mistress. They were more joyful now that she was safe. Yet, when she removed her clothes and they could see the marks that the emperor left on her body, they felt sorry and powerless again. Rey was the one to lift their spirits. As of late, she became more open and talkative and she granted them with tales from her time with the Resistance. They were quite familiar now with Finn, Poe, BB-8, Chewie and the rest of her comrades. They loved her stories and as she told them about another adventure, they soon were laughing and joking as they usually did. Lyn, however, seemed more troubled. She kept rubbing the bruises on Rey’s neck, even though she knew perfectly well that it was useless. Rey ended up stopping her by delicately touching her hand and smiling reassuringly: “Lyn! Everything’s fine. I know what I am doing”. The three handmaidens went quite, trying to process what Lady Rey just said. To break the uneasy silence, Sana attempted a joke: “I guess that we now know that the emperor is really a man, and not a robot!” Lyn and Tania looked at her, astonished, then burst into laughter. Rey smiled with them. “He is not just a man, he is like all men!” insisted Tania. Lyn’s cheeks went flush but she kept laughing shyly. “Tania! You were married, weren’t you?” Tania was surprised by Rey’s question, yet she answered without hesitation: “Unfortunately, yes!” The other two handmaidens laughed while they poured more hot water into the bathtub and Rey continued: “So you know how to act around men, how to...be with them”. The servants shared stunned glances. “You mean you don’t know, My Lady?” dared Tania to ask. “No, I know what happens when men and women…get together intimately. What I want to know is how to seduce men and please them, in a way that they will want you again? - Well there are entire books written about that!” interjected Sana who was actually a better expert in the subject. Rey was a bit embarrassed and plunged a little more in the water. She asked in an unnecessarily hushed voice: “Could you get me some of these books, Sana? - It will be my pleasure, Lady Rey!” When they finally left their mistress and went back to the servants’ quarters to get some rest, the three maids shared their incomprehension concerning Rey’s request. Was she actually encouraging the emperor? Did she really want to seduce him? Sana commented that if their mistress became the concubine of their ruler, it would be greatly advantageous for them three and she earned shocked looks from her two friends. Lyn and Tania, in contrast, were more worried now. _________________________ A parade had been organised to introduce a new uniform for the imperial soldiers. To Kylo Ren, it looked just the same as the old one worn by the stormtroopers. Still, he had to be there. Being the emperor implied a number of responsibilities that he found utterly tedious. How long did he have to remain in the cold watching tide after tide of war machines and men parading in white armours? He exhaled loudly through his mask and General Phasma reacted immediately: “Are you alright, My Lord? - No! I am extremely bored!” They were perched on a platform above the flow of marching soldiers, accompanied by some dignitaries and highly ranked officers. They both wore long dark coats that accentuated their exceptional heights. Kylo Ren’s had an elegant grey fur collar and large sleeves where he kept tucking his hands. General Phasma tried to comfort him: “It’s nearly finished, My Lord! - This parade was supposed to be a demonstration of the empire’s strength before an invasion of the Outer Rim Territories. Now that the project has been delayed, this parade has no meaning! - Lord Ren, this is a demonstration by the army to show their loyalty and devotion to you”, explained Phasma with calm. Kylo Ren remained silent for a moment then continued on a totally different subject: “You have been assisting Rey in her training. - Indeed, but I am mostly keeping her company. She trains alone and I am afraid I am too ignorant of Jedi fighting techniques to really help her. - Did you notice anything? - Yes, actually! I believe she is getting better. - Do you mean at her training? - No, I am talking about her mood. She seems less sad, more energetic”. The emperor swiftly turned his head towards the general. He was visibly very interested and wanted to know more: “You think she is getting used to her life here? - It is possible. - It was a good idea to allow her to exercise. I think I will give her access to other parts of the palace. The gardens! She would like that, wouldn’t she? - I can hardly imagine why she would not. - I remember her dream, the green island. She likes green spaces. Yes! I am sure she will love it!” The parade was ending and Phasma was glad for the distraction, because she had no idea how to react to the emperor sudden and atypical enthusiasm. ____________________ As she promised, Sana went to get some books for Lady Rey from the library. It was more a collection of imperial archives, in reality, but there were enough books to choose from. The inhabitants of the palace went there or sent their servants to borrow some volumes or download copies on their datapads for them to read. The place in itself was impressive. A multitude of workers and the droids that assisted them were constantly busy organizing the abundant collection of writings, wandering through a forest of shelves. The green-skinned Twi’lek handmaiden was in fact familiar with the library. She knew how to read, which was rarely the case among her fellow servants, and she even enjoyed it. She would even pretend, from time to time, that she was borrowing a book for one of her mistresses, when she was actually getting it for herself. She therefore needn’t any assistance to know exactly where to look to get the volumes for Lady Rey. She started browsing through the holobooks, turning them on, exploring their content, one by one, and selecting those she judged adequate. Others might have felt embarrassed by the content of this racy literature, but not her. She was perfectly at ease, at least until someone snuck on her: “You are Lady Rey’s handmaiden”. She jumped in surprise. She didn’t feel him approach her at all. The tall ginger man fixated her, sporting an eerie grin. “Yes? - Are you getting those books for her?” Sana felt oddly uncomfortable. There was something very unsettling about him. She wasn’t certain if answering him meant betraying the confidence of her mistress. “Well, I… - Do you know who I am? I am General Hux”. She daren’t answer, her eyes going wide. She heard so many things about him, mostly horrible things. “What is your name, maid? - I am Sana”, she told him with a less assured voice now. “Tell me Sana, do you like your mistress? - Yes, I do, Sir ! - I am sure you want the best for her. - Of course, Sir ! - You know, Sana? I like her too! In fact, I really care about her wellbeing. But Lady Rey is a very secretive person. She never complains or asks for anything. It worries me”. The handmaiden knew exactly what the general was getting at, but she kept nodding and feigning innocence. “I wish I could know more about her, for her own sake. Do you think you can help me with that?” Sana felt trapped. She squeezed the holobooks she selected against her chest and tried to dodge Hux’s question: “I don’t know if a handmaiden like me would really be of any help?” Realising that the girl was bright enough, the general changed his tactics: “Tell me Sana, are you ambitious? - Ambitious? - Yes. Do you ever dream of a better life? - Everybody does, Sir. - Right. However, I can actually make your life better. My spies enjoy remarkable privileges. - You want me to spy on Lady Rey?! - I am not asking you to monitor her every move. I just want you to report to me from time to time and tell me how she is doing”. Sana’s lower lip quivered and she diverted her gaze to the holobooks stocked in the shelves. She wanted to get away from this man, but he was the emperor’s advisor. He was powerful and could very easily crush her if she didn’t comply. She hesitated for a long moment and Hux coughed to manifest his irritation. “I will, Sir. For Lady Rey’s sake”. ___________________________ When she handed the holobooks to Rey, Sana seemed less cheerful than usual. “Thank you, Sana. I am sorry I put you through this”. Lady Rey apparently assumed that getting the books made the handmaiden feel uncomfortable. “Oh no, My Lady. It was no bother at all!” Rey rewarded her with a lovely smile that showed her dimples, which made Sana feel horribly guilty. Hux was right; she was ambitious. She often dreamt of a better condition, of becoming more powerful and finally showing those fellow servants who annoyed her what she was capable of. Still, she had a good heart and didn’t want to betray the only mistress she actually liked since she started working at the imperial palace. “Lady Rey! I have to tell you something”, she confessed nervously. “General Hux asked me to spy on you”. Rey blinked a few times, stunned. She turned her back to the Twi’lek handmaiden and seemed to think intensely for a few seconds, then said: “Thank you for telling me, Sana! Thank you so much!” Her voice trembled with emotion and for an instant, Sana thought she might burst into tears. “I am afraid the general wants me to report to him about you”, specified the maid. “I would never blame you if you’d refuse Sana but, would you be willing to repeat to him what I will tell you to say?” The handmaiden didn’t even hesitate: “Yes, My Lady! I serve you, not him”. Rey took her in her arms and hugged her gratefully. _______________________ Kylo Ren never truly considered the other knights of Ren as his friends. In fact, the rivalry between them was manifest and he never doubted that each of them would have exploited any opportunity to take his place as their leader. Still, he felt strangely comfortable around them. They shared the same values and the same way of life, which made them predictable and somehow trustworthy. Two of them were visiting Naboo. Kinga Ren and Solon Ren were both sent to Ryloth a few months ago to do some field reconnaissance for an eventual invasion. The emperor summoned them to report to him but also because he wanted to give them a new mission. He welcomed them personally as soon as they arrived at the palace and accompanied them to the war rooms. General Hux and General Phasma were among the highly ranked officers who were awaiting them. With the emperor, they listened to them going on in their mechanised voices about the political and social situation on Ryloth. Things were apparently quite bad with criminal lords gaining more power and taking further control of the system since the death of Snoke and the instauration of the New Empire. It was nothing though that Kylo Ren didn’t already know. He was perfectly aware that the empire still hadn’t asserted its domination over the Outer Rims and the situation on planet Ryloth was merely an example of how the crime lords excelled at exploiting every given opportunity. The account by the two knights of Ren being so grim, there was a tangible anxiety amongst the officers who feared the emperor’s reaction. He eventually took a chair and carried on listening with an unexpected coolness. He even started laughing, suddenly and inexplicably, which startled everyone in the war rooms more than any anger outburst might have done. Kylo Ren wasn’t listening to his subordinates anymore. He was thinking about Rey. He wasn’t able to think about anything else lately. Since he visited her in her rooms a few days ago, he had been living in agony. A sweet kind of agony. He felt like a hungry man denied the feast that was laid in front of him. She was his to the taking, and yet he wanted to be patient. He had never been good at being patient. “The journey is more important than the destination” he recalled his uncle saying, back when he was his apprentice. He wandered if the advice applied to this particular situation. Still, “Not like this” she said to him, like a promise. The anticipation was burning him slowly, yet it felt so sweet. He kept replaying the memories in his mind, how soft her skin felt, how delectable it tasted, the sound of her hushed voice. He regretted not kissing her beautiful mouth. He wanted her so badly. However, his mind was set. He would woo her, lure her to him. Like a good hunter, his prey will come to him. He wanted her to desire him as much as he desired her. When Kinga Ren and Solon Ren were done with their long report and the military leaders gave their opinions about the situation, the emperor decided to postpone his new orders to his knights and invited them both to his quarters instead. On his way to his chambers, he was thrilled to meet Rey who, escorted by a guard, was heading to the training complex. “Rey!” he called with obvious delight. “My Lord”, she calmly acknowledged, leaning her head slightly and looking down at her feet. “Are you going to exercise? - Yes, My Lord. - Indeed”. The two knights who accompanied the emperor witnessed the incomprehensible behaviour of their leader who kept watching the young woman silently but with an evident interest. Solon Ren didn’t recognise her at first but eventually remembered who she was; the last Jedi. He had met during a battle before, but very briefly. It was nonetheless enough for him to acknowledge her strength and her talent as a warrior. He couldn’t comprehend why she was at the palace now, but he was a wise one and knew that the answer would come to him in time. _______________________ Kylo Ren had a private reading room where he enjoyed relaxing and taking some time for himself, although he did little of that of late. There were comfortable seats around small tables and a big window allowed the blue room to be submerged in daylight. Paintings and sculptures decorated the area, all nonfigurative, all incomprehensible to the two knights. As they were to join the emperor and sit down, he suddenly jumped on his feet and asked them: “Would you rather accompany me to the training complex? - The training complex?” reacted Kinga Ren. “Yes! I want to show you something!” The knights didn’t think they had a say in the subject and they obediently followed the emperor out of his chambers and through the palace until they got to the training rooms. When Kylo Ren appeared, followed by two figures just as dark and intimidating as he was, the guards and servants who were there quickly ceased their activities, without being asked to. Soon the enormous space was left empty, apart from two women who stared curiously at the three masked intruders. Rey and Phasma suspected effectively that the emperor didn’t want them to leave. The general joined the Jedi right after the strategic reunion and they started training with long staffs. They now kept their weapons in hand while expecting some sort of explanation from the emperor. When he got certain that all the guards and servants had left, Kylo Ren removed his mask and addressed the two women: “Please resume your training! That’s what we are here for”. Rey and Phasma exchanged questioning glances then took up their duelling again. It wasn’t much a show as their actions remained mild and calculated, obviously an exercise rather than a real confrontation. The emperor removed his cape and sat on a bench followed by the two Knights of Ren. Kinga Ren and Solon Ren were both wondering what it was that their leader was so eager to show to them. “You know who that woman is?” he asked them quietly. “You mean the one who is not Phasma?” answered Kinga with obvious disdain. She and the general never saw eye to eye. Kylo Ren ignored her boldness, as he often did with his subordinate, and continued: “This is Rey, the last Jedi”. Solon Ren choose not to say anything. He was usually calm and very considerate. He wanted to know what the emperor had in mind. “The last Jedi? And she is allowed to train freely?” Kinga was just not as controlled as her comrade was. She was the opposite of that; impulsive and reckless, yet brave. “Yes”, answered Kylo Ren, almost proudly. “Isn’t she dangerous? - I guess she is”. The emperor smiled unfathomably and Kinga Ren snorted in indignation. “You keep one of our greatest enemies, here with you at the palace? She was part of the Resistance. She should be dead!” she spat and Solon Ren interjected immediately. “Kinga”, he warned her. “You don’t know what you are talking about. - Indeed!” insisted Kylo Ren with gritted teeth. Kinga Ren’s survival instinct kicked in and she recoiled in submission away from the menacing form of her master. However, the irritation she was feeling wasn’t gone. Solon Ren wanted to break the tension and casually commented: “The Jedi seems to know her way around a staff. - It is her weapon of choice!” reacted the emperor promptly in a better mood. “I wanted you to see what a talented warrior she is. She might not seem like it right now, but she is ruthless creature, untameable. - Really?” teased Kinga Ren but he ignored her. - She used to be my greatest enemy. I thought for a long time that the war would never end with us two alive. Yet, look at her now. She is at my mercy. She tries to fight me and to resist, but she can no longer win. She is just like the planets that resist my power; they seem wild and impossible to control, but there is always a way to submit them!” The emperor breathed heavily, carried away by his own words. The two knights observed him, silently while Rey and Phasma stopped their training as they noticed the sudden agitation emanating from their audience. When Kylo Ren seemed calmer, General Phasma decided to take a small break and drink a sip of water. Kinga Ren took the opportunity to get up and steadily head towards Rey. With a satisfied smile on her face, she asked: “May I?” though no one knew if she was addressing the emperor or the Jedi herself. She turned around to face Phasma and extended her hand towards her. When the military woman didn’t react, Kinga brought her eyebrows up and moved her fingers in a gesture of impatience. The general reluctantly threw her the staff and the Knight of Ren caught it with ease. She turned back towards Rey and after a brief instant when she looked at her with derision, she attacked her brutally. This wasn’t exercising anymore. Kinga Ren obviously intended to hurt the Jedi, feelings of animosity and jealousy mingling inside. Rey reacted accordingly and met every attack of the knight of Ren with equal fervour. They fought with all their forces, hitting the floor violently at every miss, pushing each other around the room. Solon Ren disapproved of his comrade’s actions. He knew that it couldn’t end up well. But when he ventured a look in the direction of his master, he saw the glimmer of excitement in his eyes. “Yes, yes! Show us what you can do”, murmured Kylo Ren while avidly taking in the scene that was bestowed upon him. The two opponents had very different fighting styles. Rey was much more agile and controlled while Kinga Ren relied on pure aggression. The screams that emanated from the knight’s mouth could freeze the heart of the bravest warriors and she didn’t seem to respect any rule as long as it gave her the advantage. Kinga Ren nearly hit her opponent in the head but Rey dodged her attack by kneeling down. Aggravated, the knight jumped on the occasion and pushed her viciously with a foot on the chest. When Rey fell on her back with a yelp, Kinga brought her staff up in the air and prepared to smash it on the Jedi’s face. She might have succeeded if Rey didn’t roll over and Kylo Ren’s wasn’t suddenly strongly holding her trembling hand. The show was no longer amusing to him. “What do you think you’re doing?” he hissed while bringing his hand to her throat. Chocking noises started coming out of Kinga Ren’s mouth. “My Lord…Kylo!” she implored with tears forming in her eyes. There was a murderous expression on the emperor’s face. He was like a furious beast and he didn’t care if he ended up killing a woman that he trained and fought with for so long. Rey got swiftly on her feet and came up to him. She tugged on his arm and tried to reason with him: “Please, don’t do it! She didn’t do me any harm, My Lord. Please forgive her!” Kylo Ren turned his face to look at her, still holding Kinga Ren’s neck, and her imploring eyes appeased the rage that took hold of him. He let go of the knight’s throat and Kinga Ren fell to the ground, boneless, like a dummy that got its strings cut out. Solon Ren approached imperturbably, while Phasma kept watching them from a distance. The imposing knight, who was slightly shorter than Kylo Ren but remarkably broader, leaned towards his comrade and brought her arm over his shoulders. He helped her get on her feet and with a nod to the emperor, he left with her to get her some medical assistance. Their master didn’t say a thing. He just followed them with his eyes until he noticed that Rey’s hand was still on his arm. He turned to face her again and they both stared intensely at each other, his nostrils flaring, her lips trembling. They nearly forgot they weren’t alone when General Phasma came near them and asked them if everything was alright. _______________________ “Are you O.K.?” asked Solon Ren to Kinga Ren. She looked dispirited and positively shameful, sitting quietly on the edge of the infirmary bed. “I’m fine”, she answered him with little credibility. “You shouldn’t have done that. - I know! But what is he doing keeping her here? - Keep it down! You know now that he is attached to her. - He keeps her like a wild animal, a dangerous creature to keep him amused. And he doesn’t want anyone else to play with her. - Maybe. - He is mad. - This is not the first time you say that!” Kinga Ren breathed deeply. Solon knew of her feelings towards Kylo Ren, although he never tried to confront her or comfort her for that matter. She was deeply jealous of Rey now. She hated every woman who got close to her master because she herself could never tell him how much he meant to her. She scrunched up her tattooed face and asked Solon Ren: “Did you get my mask? - Yes”. He hand it to her and she put it on, covering her heartbroken expression and jumping off the bed. _______________________ Kylo Ren wondered if he should call upon Rey to see how she were doing. She had told him, though, that she was unharmed. He lacked a reason to visit her, although he needn’t any. He just avoided going to her rooms again, as he was confident that he wouldn’t be able to control himself better than the last time. After much thought, he decided against it and went to bed to get some much needed rest. He dreamt of her again. She actually tormented him in his sleep just as much as she did during his waking hours. But his dream was different this time. It wasn't just the lewd visions that woke him up sweaty and wanting during the night. This time, it was more bizarre and enthralling. He dreamt that he was in a cave where little light penetrated from the cracks. Drops of water fell rhythmically and their sound echoed through the closeted space. When he got at the end of the chamber, he saw her. Her naked back towards him, she slowly turned her head to look at him. There was red smoke all around her and when she opened her mouth, she aspired it slowly until it all disappeared. Her eyes glowed then like two burning flames and she licked her lips alluringly, a lurid smile appearing on her moth. She turned around completely to reveal two lightsabers in her hands that she ignited before jumping towards him like a fury. He woke up in panic from the dream vision. He was sweating and his breath came out in shallow and rapid puffs. He soon regained his spirits and calmed himself. Even when she is trying to kill me, she looks beautiful, he mused. He continued analysing his dream and concluded that all the warnings that were given to him were really making him anxious. His subordinates maybe doubted him, but he knew he could handle Rey. He knew her better than she probably thought, and soon, very soon, she would succumb to him. He just didn't know how long his patience could last. Notes: Dear, oh dear! How much longer do you think Kylo Ren will be able to resist? I am sorry this chapter was basically plot-development. I hope I am not asking you to be too patient! As a side note, Kylo Ren's vision is inspired by a scene from the documentary "Henri-Georges Clouzot's Inferno". It is about a never released movie by the famous French director. Even if he never got to finish it, he shot several scenes with Romy Schneider conveying a very lascivious and psychedelic atmosphere (including her playing with a slinky in a very suggestive way. No, really!). They were supposed to be visions of a jealous husband who keeps suspecting his wife of cheating on him. They are beautiful and truly haunting. Thanks again for your kudos and your comments! Your opinions means the world to me. Chapter 4 Summary: It is time for the Spring Festival on Naboo. Time for romance and also some unexpected events. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The emperor had a very private life. He kept a Spartan lifestyle and asked of servants only the minimum; bringing him his meals, cleaning his rooms when he wasn’t there, repairing the damage he tended to cause… Otherwise, he had the habit to do everything alone. He bathed, groomed and dressed by himself. He always ate alone and seldom showed his unmasked face to the help. He somehow trusted the palace’s chamberlain, an old man, very dutiful and taciturn. Kylo Ren allowed himself some degree of humanity around him and came to trust him enough to show him his true face. “Did you tell Lady Rey about the gardens?” he asked when he came in the bedroom where the chamberlain was waiting for him. The chamberlain bowed to salute his ruler despite the stiffness of his old spine. “I did, My Lord”, he confirmed in his low and gentle voice. Kylo Ren nonchalantly removed his mask and his gloves and put them on a table, one of the rare pieces of furniture to be found in the room. It was a very dark place, all in shades of grey and red. At its center was a sunken bed, grand enough to accommodate the length of his body. All the closets were perfectly hidden in the walls and only some subtle control panels betrayed their presence. The only extravagance of the room was its remarkable height and the glass dome that covered it. A mechanised iris prevented the light from coming in when needed. The room was a true architectural portrait of its occupant. “How did she react?” enquired the emperor and the chamberlain answered promptly: “She seemed quite pleased, My Lord. - Really ? - I think she is very happy. - Did she say anything ? - She just said; thank you. - Hum”. Kylo Ren didn’t see Rey much lately. He couldn’t resume his training sessions with her as he was constantly busy with his political projects and the organisation of the latest festivities on Naboo. If the Naboo were good at anything, it was celebrating. He knew that, of course, when he chose the planet as the new capital of his imperial government. In his opinion, they celebrated too much, turning even the saddest event into a sumptuous procession. Yet, he liked the planet far better than Coruscant and its suffocating atmosphere. Naboo was his grandmother’s home world and it somehow pleased him to consider it as his own home now. He liked its extravagant landscapes and its no less eccentric habitants. They were jovial and far more innocent than the people of Coruscant were and, even though he was himself of a very sober nature, he sanctioned their festive habits. Kylo Ren didn’t have a real investiture ceremony. After Snoke’s death, things went very fast and the fight to overcome the Resistance occupied all his time and energy. When the war finally ended, he had already been proclaimed new emperor by Snoke’s former allies and the imperial senate. Even though he didn’t personally mind the lack of a proper coronation, the Naboo and the Gungans alike were apparently disappointed there weren’t any revelries to honour their new ruler. He therefore decided to please them and take part in the festival that marked the return of the spring season. The prospect of festivities turned out a pleasant distraction from his wearying political duties. Kylo Ren usually didn’t care for such things but he was growing tired and exasperated by how little was accomplished under his rule despite his best efforts. He needed to get away from all that, even for a day. He had invited Rey to the Spring Festival. It was going to be her first outing from the palace since her arrival. He wanted to offer her that, amongst many other gifts he kept giving her. Even if he struggled to come up with ideas of what could please her, he started sending her all sorts of gowns, jewelry, flowers and delicacies. His subordinates suggested those as gift ideas assuming she’d appreciate what any other woman would. Still, he felt that it wasn’t enough. Those things, as sumptuous as they were, lacked originality and he really wanted to please her. Spring was nearly there, and he was decided to give Rey access to the gardens. He wasn't certain she wouldn’t try to escape, even though she hadn’t been guilty of any attempt. His unreasonable fear to lose her was more to blame and it made him impose a condition; that at least two guards would accompany her during her promenades. Now that the chamberlain had told her, he was eager to know her reaction, but the concise details offered by the old man failed to quench his curiosity. He would have to wait, until tomorrow, after the festival, to talk to her himself. “I have brought you your garment for tomorrow’s celebrations, My Lord”, said the chamberlain eventually. “Excellent!” approved the emperor. “I left it hanging in the changing room. - Good. You may go now”. The chamberlain tilted his head and walked backward until he got to the door. Never turning his back to his master as he considered it a sign of disrespect, he put the palm of his hand on the control panel. The door went open with a whoosh and he quickly disappeared in the vestibule. Kylo Ren looked at the starry night for a moment, through the glass dome. He then went to open a closet in the wall and his collection off masks appeared, displayed on consecutive velvet-covered shelves. He sought to select the one he would be wearing for the Spring Festival. _____________________ Kinga Ren and Solon Ren were about to leave for Ryloth in the early morning, but the emperor wanted to review with them some of the details of their new mission. He was waiting for them at the war rooms, along with Hux. "That wretched Hux!" Kinga would call him, loud enough for him to hear. Kylo Ren was already dressed up for the celebrations of the day. He looked very elegant and imposing in his deep burgundy suit. His coat was nearly long enough to touch the floor, its sleeves and bottom hem embellished with sophisticated golden embroideries that evoked flames or tree branches. Layers of fabric were tightly and finely intertwined upon his chest. A large belt, perfectly cut and plain pants and simple yet elegant brown boots completed his outfit. The Knights of Ren weren't used to see him in such extravagant clothes and took a moment to take him in. He gazed at them, mildly amused, and then went straight to the point: "I trust you understand what is expected of you, knights. - Of course, My Lord", answered Solon with poise. "We are to provide the habitants of Ryloth with the necessary means to resist the crime lords. - Exactly, I want you to help start a guerrilla. A small force to disturb the criminals operations. Thus without causing a civil conflict". General Hux snorted loudly at these words. The emperor and his two knights turned swiftly to gawk at him. "I beg your pardon, My Lord" , he tried to justify . "But isn’t civil conflict exactly what we need right now? It would be the perfect opportunity to intervene militarily on the Ryloth system. - Absolutely not!" yelled Kylo Ren who grew tired of discussing the subject with his advisor. "The people of Ryloth would never stand a chance if they took part in an open conflict with the crime lords. Guerrilla operations will instead give them hope and convince the population that the empire is on their side and disposed to help them in their struggle. Soon enough, they will be willingly calling for our help. - These are Resistance methods". Hux's comment made Kylo Ren's upper lip twitch uncontrollably. He inhaled deeply but his voice came out shaky and full of irritation: "I am not like Emperor Palpatine, Hux! I refuse to use the same methods as he did; the schemes, the manipulation. I know how the universe works. How everything is irremediably connected. How every decision, every action has unstoppable consequences. I will prove to you that I am a better emperor than he was! Power is nothing if it's not used for a higher purpose!" General Hux was nearly blown away by the mere power of the emperor's voice. His survival instincts urged him to keep silent. Kinga Ren and Solon Ren both enjoyed witnessing Hux being thus compelled to silence. It was quite the rare event. When Kylo Ren was done instructing them, he encouraged them to wait until the night to depart for Ryloth. The skies of Naboo were going be quite busy during the day because of the Spring Festival. _____________________ There were events organised all around the planet to celebrate the return of the spring, but the main celebration was to take place in the Lake Country. Despite its remoteness, the habitants of Naboo would come every year to the mountainous area to witness the unfreezing of the waterfalls and the resurgence of nature. Kylo Ren was preparing to get in his shuttle to get there. He had his mask on. It was a simple dark one, so polished that it reflected things like a mirror. "Take another one!" he ordered Hux, not yet forgiving his insolence that morning, much to the exasperation of the general. The emperor was about to embark on the ship when he saw her. Rey was accompanied by a guard and was heading towards another vessel. She looked amazing. She wore a high waist dress with ample skirts, white and yellow, and she had flowers made of fabric in her hair, her locks half gathered in a neatly stylised bun. She was the incarnation of spring, as fresh as a light rain and as engrossing as a new life. He followed her with his eyes until she got to her shuttle and disappeared inside. He was certain now that he was going to enjoy the festival. After a rather short flight, the imperial vehicle got to its destination. As the ship's bridge was lowered , Kylo Ren discovered a crowd of citizens assembled around a stage where he was supposed to sit during the festivities. Surrounded by the imperial guards, he made his way to join the officers and dignitaries who had the privilege to sit with him. Rey was already there, sitting quietly, but with an unmistakable glimmer of enthusiasm in her eyes. She was admiring the view, overwhelmed by the splendor of the waterfalls and the effervescency of the crowd. Kylo Ren smiled, knowing that nobody would see it under his mask. He was delighted that Rey was enjoying her gift, the chance to take part in the celebrations. If that were what she liked, he was prepared to arrange all new events to keep her happy. He took place on his seat at the center of the stage. The chair looked the same as those occupied by the other guests. He'd specified clearly that he didn't want a throne for the occasion. The crowd cheered and applauded him. There were true joy and exhilaration in the air. Musicians played lively melodies and people danced to them in little groups of friends and families. Despite their scarceness, some people managed to find enough flowers to make crowns and necklaces and the crowd vibrated with colors. The lingering cold didn't seem to bother them either and children and adults alike run and jumped barefoot in the grass. Artists and dancers have been commissioned to animate the celebrations, but the people of Naboo needn't any help to have fun and keep the party alive. Even the emperor was astonished by such exuberance. He never witnessed before a happy occasion like this one and it made him somehow hopeful. He remarkably felt more optimistic that a better world could exist, that he would succeed in his endeavour to bring order and peace to the galaxy. He turned to look at Rey again, but instead of enjoying the celebrations, she seemed preoccupied. She held her chair firmly and he could read her lips saying: "Something is wrong". All of a sudden, she turned her head towards him with panic distorting her features. She got up abruptly and he did the same to get to her when he felt an explosion trigger just behind him. The force of the blast pushed him forward and he fell on his hands. For an instant, he couldn't hear anything, then he distinguished the screams of panic and the unmistakable sounds of chaos. If he was hurt, he couldn't feel it. The anger made him numb. He pushed on his hands to get on his knees then on his feet, a fearsome growl coming out of his chest. The guards were going to help him when the sound of his scream froze them on the spot and prevented them from getting any closer. He shouted and it sounded more like a deranged beast than a human . "Idiots! Can't you see he is hurt? He needs assistance!" he heard Hux crying out. He looked around him searching for Rey, but he couldn't find her. All around him, people were running in confusion, the cheerfulness of the festival now all gone. Someone tried to kill him. The truth rang in his ears like the phantom shrilling noise that kept tormenting him. A guard grabbed his arm to get him away and the emperor tried to push him before he realised he had barely any force left in him. He strived to walk and his unsteady steps didn't get him very far before he felt his legs crumble beneath him. The guards hurriedly caught him and carried him away to his shuttle. _____________________ As soon as the news reached them, the two Knights of Ren run to the emperor's chambers. He apparently refused to be treated at the infirmary and didn't want to let anybody in, apart from the medical staff. "Let me in!" yelled Kinga Ren, but the imperial guards were immovable. They were under strict orders not to let anyone get inside, up until Rey showed up at the doors. "Her? She has to get in?" pointed Kinga at Rey, absolutely outraged. "The Emperor specifically asked for her", explained one of the guards while opening the door. Rey looked at Kinga Ren with what the knight interpreted as pity. "Don't you dare look at me like that! " Solon had to grab his comrade by the elbow to prevent her from jumping on Rey. Nevertheless, the Jedi seemed unshakable. She calmly passed by them and got through the doors that the guards held open for her. “It was you, wasn’t it? You tried to kill him!” she could hear Kinga Ren still yelling at her while she penetrated into the vestibule. Rey didn't know at first which door led to Kylo Ren's room, but the din caused by the injured emperor soon reached her. She stood in front of the right door panel and awaited until it opened to let her in. He sensed her arrival. "Rey! Rey! Are you alright?" he repeated deliriously. She got closer and saw him lying on his bed surrounded by several medical droids trying to treat his wounds. His temple was bleeding and his left shoulder and side showed multiple bruises. A droid touched his ribs and he grimaced in pain. Despite his state, he turned on his side and lifted himself on his elbow to have a better view of Rey. "You have bruises on your face!" he noticed with shock. Rey instinctively touched her cheek where a few dark spots were visible then answered him. "Don't worry about me, My Lord. You were much more harmed by the explosion. - The explosion!" he repeated feverishly. "Who could have done it? Who?" Rey didn't acknowledge his question and instead stepped closer to him. Regardless of the medical droid urging her to keep away, she sat on her knees next to Kylo Ren's bed and delicately put her hand on his face. Her touch was soothing and the emperor allowed himself to close his eyes and calm his spirits. "I was so afraid I lost you, Rey". There was so much sadness in his tone. Rey winced a little. "Hush!” her voice was so soft and gentle. “I am alive. And you are too, My Lord. Let the medical droids take care of your wounds and soon you will be well again". Her words were like a balm for his soul, all the images of terror and the turbulence gone from his mind. "Please stay!" he implored and she answered him promptly: "I won't go anywhere, My Lord". She rubbed his face and arranged some locks of hair sticking on his sweaty forehead. The droids around them were resigned to let Lady Rey at the emperor's side while the managed to resume their work. _____________________ "Who did it?" The evident agitation of the emperor imposed prudence among his officers. None of them knew the answer and they would not dare console him with useless justifications. "WHO TRIED TO KILL ME?" he snapped, beating his fists brutally on the table. The captain of the imperial guards tried to appease him: "We are working on finding the culprit, My Lord. - You are working on it? I thought your job was to protect me. You should have prevented this assassination attempt in the first place. You have proved yourself to be rather useless, Captain". The captain shrunk in front of the threatening figure of his master. Despite his injuries and his unsteady walk, Kylo Ren was as frightening as ever. General Hux seemed the only officer composed enough to address him without fear: "The technology used to trigger the explosion is apparently very basic and it is very hard to track down the source of its component, as they are very easy to find. - You mean anybody could have done it? - Indeed. - Civilians? Soldiers? Dignitaries? All are suspects then. Even you, Hux". The emperor swiftly turned to face the general and stared at him, his ragged breaths easily heard through his somber mask. Hux didn't flinch though: "Anyone could have done it, technically. That's why we have to consider the motive. Who would want to kill you, My Lord? - Are you trying to be funny? You know very well that I have countless enemies. - Every ruler does, My Lord. Still, however difficult the search for the culprit might turn out, we can turn this attempt on your life into an opportunity. - What do you mean? - An attack on the emperor is a very serious offence. No one would dare oppose your efforts to seek justice. Not even the imperial senate". A heavy silence fell on the war rooms like a cloak of worry. Kylo Ren considered Hux's proposition then replied: "I don't think I like the idea of using this...incident politically. - But you agree that we can't let it go unpunished? What I merely suggest is that in case we can't find the culprit soon, we can very well make one!" Sly General Hux, though Kylo Ren. His idea might have sounded malicious, he couldn’t deny its appeal. _____________________ Kylo Ren asked Phasma to call upon Rey and see how she was doing. She apparently was fine and the general surprised him by revealing that Rey also enquired about his wellbeing. The emperor's heart swelled. He actually considered Rey as being his true saviour. Without her, he might have ended scattered into bits all around the valleys. A suspicion kept nagging him, however, in the back of his head. Did she really intent to save him or did she react on pure instinct when she felt the impeding explosion? Still, he didn't think she had something to do with the attack, whatever unsubtle insinuations Hux sent his way. He craved to see her, he needed to, at least to thank her for staying at his side while he was treated for his injuries. She proved so comforting , another quality he discovered in her. Then again, he suspected it was in her nature to be generous and to give her support to those who needed it. He remembered her touch, so delicate and soothing. That's what he desired the most; he wanted her to touch him and caress his skin of her own volition. He hesitated to go and see her himself. He already allowed himself to appear vulnerable in her presence, although it wasn't the first time she saw him stricken by wounds. He felt fragile and not only physically. The attempt on his life left him shaken and he vainly persued the serenity to consider the situation with enough detachment. Kylo Ren couldn't meditate. He went instead to his reading room and tried to empty his mind from the worries that tormented him. He got close to the window and looked down at the gardens where he was enchanted to see Rey accompanied by two guards and one of her handmaidens she seemed so fond of . Rey was running around and hitting what little snow remained on the floor with her feet. She even snooped to gather snowballs then tried to hit her maid with them. She missed, obviously on purpose, but the two women laughed and continued their joyous progression through the gardens. She seemed so unlike the placid character she kept assuming in his presence. A dark feeling, a desire of possession, flared inside Kylo Ren’s chest evaporating all his plans to be patient. He left his quarters and went directly to the gardens where he searched frantically for Rey and her companions. The sound of her laughter led him to her and as soon as he found her, he sprang towards her and seized her by the knuckle. She gasped in surprise but he remained determined to draw her away. "Don't follow us!" he ordered the befuddled guards and handmaiden. Kylo Ren kept dragging her through the gardens. The foliage got thicker and darker until they reached an isolated corner where the leaves were so dense they formed a roof above their heads. Still, some thin rays of light got through and one could distinguish the first flower buds on the branches of the fruit trees. The emperor stopped and turned to face Rey. He was agitated, breathing heavily and trembling menacingly. Now that he had her alone with him, he was lost for words. He felt his impulses and an inexplicable irritation getting the best of him and he feared he might lose his control again. She, however, recovered from her surprise and asked him gently: "Are you alright, My Lord? Are you feeling better? - Rey!" he roared through his mask. He was still holding her hand, his grab going painfully tight. Yet Rey seemed to ignore his instability. She brought her hand to his mask, nearly touching it. "May I?" she asked. The emperor figured she wanted to remove his mask, but instead of an answer, he let out a menacing growl that didn't appear to intimidate Rey anyways. She seemed a tad more confident and brave than she was lately. She unexpectedly bent down and delicately removed her shoes, tucking on her heels then pulling them to deposit them neatly behind her. She put her free hand on his shoulder and slowly, she placed one bare foot then the other over his booted ones. When she pushed on her toes to reach his masked face and deliberately deposit a light kiss on it, Kylo Ren sighed in delight. She withdrew and smiled shyly at him with hooded eyes. He let go of her hand to remove his mask. She cautiously held on his shoulders while he freed himself from the helmet before he threw it away carelessly on the floor. He held her diamond-shaped face between his hands and crushed his lips against hers, tasting for the first time the mouth he kept imagining over and over again. Rey closed her eyes and moved her lips diligently against his and he was elated by her eagerness. His hands went down slowly to reach the groove in her back and she gasped when he forcibly brought her against him. Their kiss was everything and yet nothing like he had imagined. She was as exquisite and intoxicating as he hoped but far more participative than he would have guessed. She stroked the back of his head while her mouth danced against his own, soft, inviting. He tasted her lips with his tongue but he couldn't get over her clenched teeth. He abstained from forcing her to open her mouth, ravishing instead in the sweetness of the moment and keeping his touches gentle and unhurried. He encouraged her with his hand to bend backward and she complied. He followed her forward, refusing to let go of her lips. They soon were tangled in a strange position that only emphasised the impression of vertigo that the emperor was experiencing. They kissed and they kissed until they had eventually to catch their breath. With their faces nearly touching, Rey gazed into Kylo Ren's eyes with an inscrutable expression, as if she didn't know how to react. He wondered how something could feel so calming and so exhilarating at the same time. Rey's kiss was just like her. It brought the best and the worst in him. He wanted to kiss her again, but when he was to join their lips again, her eyes caught the new scar he had on his temple. She frowned in concern and hesitantly brought a trembling hand to touch it. She gulped and asked him: "Does it still hurt? - No. It will be gone soon". She nodded but seemed sorry. She looked down, now less confident then when she kissed him. It brought back his sentiment of irritation and he grabbed her chin to force her to look at him again. "Stop feeling sorry for me Rey. I am not a frail man you have to worry about . - That is not what I see". He quirked his eyebrow and tried to have a better look at her face by tilting his head to the side. "What do you see then? - I see a man I want to know better". A ragged breath left Kylo Ren's chest. He didn't predict Rey's answer nor her kissing him again. She did it unhurriedly, her sparkling eyes closing and an expression of hope appearing on her face. He imitated her and let his eyelids fall while he let himself indulge in the caress of her lips. She was still tiptoeing over his feet, but it only made him appreciate the moment more. He held her even closer, his palms drawing small circles against her back, her hands massaging his scalp. This time, she allowed him to take the lead and invited his tongue in her mouth. He became feral and invaded her, lapping against her tongue and her palate. She moaned but didn't withdraw. She even tried to imitate him and pushed against him to explore his mouth in return. He smiled. She always did that, even when they fought. She would always mimic him and use his own moves against him. But this was one fight she wasn't going to win. He sucked her lower lip between his teeth and bit it, drawing the swollen piece of flesh with him while he move his face away. When he let go, she licked her lips bashfully and avoided his insistent lustful eyes: "I will show you, Rey, what kind of man I really am". Even in the dim light, he could distinguish the blush that spread on her freckled face. Her voice trembled, tough her answered stunned him with its audaciousness: "I am looking forward to it, My Lord". Notes: I am sorry, but did I already say that I love you, dear readers? The comments, the bookmarks and the over 100 kudoes? You are just amazing! Yes, I am becoming like an overbearing girlfriend who checks her phone for any updates when I post a new chapter and I struggle to not squeal in joy when I am in public every time I receive a new e-mail from AO3. True story. I am very eager to know about your impressions, now that, you know, they have "broken the tension" between them. Don't worry, there is still plenty of tension to break on the upcoming chapters. I nearly called this chapter "Kylo Ren should never wear red again and just stick to black". Smooches, or whatever enthusiastic girlfriends put at the end of their messages. I am really terrible at this type of things. Chapter 5 Summary: Tension arises between Hux and Rey as a man is suspected of the assassination attempt on the emperor. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The craziest rumours run around Coruscant about the emperor. Some pretended an explosion crippled him, others assumed that he was dead and that his government was hiding the news from the public. A special session had been organised at the imperial senate to discuss the matter. “I assure you, the emperor is alive”, insisted Senator Aki. Despite the usual influence of his charisma and eloquence, the politician struggled to convince his fellow senate members. “How can you be so sure?” persisted the senators around him. “The Emperor hasn’t been seen outside the palace for days! - On the contrary! He addressed the people of Naboo not two days ago. Thousands of citizens gathered to see him at the palace’s courtyard. - Were you there Senator Aki?” asked a senator scornfully. Another politician pushed the mockery even further: “With the mask he constantly wears, it would be so easy to pass a surrogate for the real emperor. - I was there!” cried out a feminine voice, sparkling a wave of tumult through the senate. Those who had a good angle of view could distinguish the figure of a dark knight under one of the alcoves. She was tall and slender, her arms crossed, she casually rested against the wall. She took a few steps forward so she could be better seen and heard by the assembly . The mask she wore was of a very primitive design and didn’t have a voice modulator. Yet her voice was powerful enough to reverberate through the chamber: “I know The Emperor personally and I can tell you that it was really him who addressed the people of Naboo, two days ago. Or maybe do you also doubt my words? - I beg your pardon, but would you please introduce yourself to the senate before you address it?” instructed the head of the senate, a vain character who cared more about propriety than real issues. “Certainly! I am Io Ren, of The Knights of Ren. I have been sent by The Emperor to investigate the presence of eventual decedents here, in Coruscant”. The revelations of Io Ren had a definite impact on the politicians’ resolve. “Believe us Lady Io; we are truly relieved to know that The Emperor is in good health”, ventured one of the senators who stood up to Senator Aki previously, rendered more lenient by the chill that traversed his spine. “We were merely worried by all the rumours that circulated. - You should be worried! If The Emperor were to disappear, this senate would crumble. I wish you would remember that”. Senators cried out all at once in indignation, plunging the chamber into tumult. Io Ren didn’t care the least and was far from ready to offer the apologies that were demanded of her by the assembly. She turned around and left the main hall to head toward the offices that were always reserved to the emperor and his entourage. On her way in the corridors, she encountered a tall middle-aged blond man, a senator whose tired eyes followed her almost expectedly. She ignored him and continued on her path. She'll get to talk to him eventually. Her brother was after all as good a suspect as any. __________________ Hux had everything set in place. He only had to inform the emperor now. When he enquired about his whereabouts, the guards told him that he was at the training compound, which didn't surprise him but still compelled him to roll his eyes resignedly. Since he recovered enough to be able to exercise again, Kylo Ren had being frequenting the palace's training facilities more than he ever did before. Even if he never really were a warrior himself, Hux could rely to the need to test one’s physical limits to push away the feelings of vulnerability. The emperor needed to convince himself again of his own strength and thus rebuff his own mortality. What actually annoyed the general was that Kylo Ren had resumed his training sessions with the Jedi. Although there were guards constantly with them, the emperor and Lady Rey spent a remarkable amount of time in each other's company, making General Hux wary of the influence that the former member of The Resistance might have on the ruler. Even though Hux kept a close eye on her, Rey remained elusive. She slept through his fingers like water and it wasn’t the shifty reports that her handmaiden was given him that could help him figure out what she was really up to. Because, he was utterly convinced, that she was hiding something, now more than ever. Her behaviour had changed lately, so imperceptibly that it took someone as perceptive as Hux to notice it. She didn’t act as meekly as she used to, her submissive demeanour replaced by more gentle manners. She looked more confidently into people’s eyes and exhaled a very subtle feeling of comfort. It made him suspicious and frustrated. Nothing irritated him more than not having a full clear picture of what was happening around him. He could wait until the emperor was done training but the general had just no idea how long it would take. Hux reluctantly made his way to the training complex and was happy enough to meet General Phasma. She was one of the rare people he respected and the even rarer ones he actually liked - even though, in Hux’s vocabulary “like” had a very mild meaning. She had been very satisfactory when she used to be his subordinate and she had become a very good listener now that she had been promoted . She greeted him with a collusive smile. “Are you coming from the training complex?” he asked her. “Yes. I was with The Emperor and Lady Rey, although I must confess that they didn’t seem to have any use for me. - They spend an awful lot of time together lately”. Phasma had a very soft laugh. She seemed amused by the situation. “I suppose that they share a bond that is very hard to deny”, she suggested. “A bond? - They used to be adversaries. Some enemies fight each other for so long they develop some kind of… familiarity. I can see it when they train together. - Do you think that they are sleeping together? - Well, I am not observant enough to detect that”, Phasma joked. Hux frowned his brows and she looked at him with curiosity. “Would it be a bad thing if The Emperor were to be involved with Lady Rey? - What do you think? - I cannot really tell. Although, it wouldn’t surprise me if they became lovers. They are both force-sensitive and maybe The Emperor needs someone like her beside him in this time of distress. - You think he is in distress? Because of the assassination attempt? - I think he has been struggling since he has become the new emperor. - Phasma, you may pretend to be bad at it, but I think you are very perceptive!” General Hux crooked his eyebrow, amused, and General Phasma tilted her head to thank him before leaving him to attend to her own duties. __________________ Before he even reached the threshold of the training complex, Hux could hear the voices of Kylo Ren and his partner in training. The distorted baritone of the emperor was unmistakable while he screamed and whined under the effort. Rey was equally loud and when he got a full view of them, Hux understood why they were making so much noise. They had a saber in each of their hands and they fought in an impressively aggressive way. The General turned his attention to the guards watching the two belligerents. They seemed calm and unalarmed by the duel taking place before them. Then again, Hux doubted the imperial guards’ capacity to ever react in time to danger. The intensity of the fight was staggering and Hux failed to understand how it could be considered training. Nevertheless, when Kylo Ren saw him standing in the training complex, he simply ended the combat. Rey stopped her ongoing attack, obeying to a tacit order. The emperor came up and enquired about Hux’s presence. With his arms bare and the mask he was wearing, he positively looked like a warrior, or a savage by the officer’s standards. “We might have found the culprit”, announced proudly the general. “ Might have found the culprit? - We have a witness!” Hux smugness altered when he noticed that Rey was listening with interest. He grimaced at her and urged Kylo Ren: “Maybe we should discuss this in a more private place, My Lord”. The emperor didn’t react to his allusions. He just asked his general to go wait for him at his quarters while he changed. __________________ There wasn’t a part of the palace that Kylo Ren disliked more than the throne room. He didn’t want a throne, that’s the kind of ruler he wanted to be; one that could inspire the respect of his people not through empty symbols of power but because of his strength and sheer charisma. Besides, it reminded him too much of Snoke and it was the last person he wanted to think of. The room was always used for official circumstances, and that alone invoked tedium. Today though, the occasion was very crucial. The emperor sat on his throne while the man accused of attempting to murder him was brought to him. Dignitaries, military and palace’s staff spread through the hall to see the person who dared to attack their fearsome master. Two imperial guards pushed the broken man forward, poking him violently with their staffs, until he crumbled before Kylo Ren. “Is this the man who tried to kill me?” he asked, almost ceremoniously, after he got off his chair. Undignified gasps and whispers filled the room. General Hux, how stood beside the throne along with other highly ranked officers, answered clearly enough for the whole audience to hear. “He is one of the men who took part in the construction of the stage during the Spring Festival. A witness saw him tampering with your seat, my lord. - Where is this witness?” General Hux signaled one of his soldiers to bring forward a little girl who looked as alarmed as the suspect of the attack. “This child is the witness?” asked Kylo Ren in disbelieve, echoing the thought of many among the crowd. “Yes, My Lord. She distinctly saw this man fiddling with the seat, probably to hide the explosives! - Is that so, little girl?” the emperor addressed the girl in a surprisingly comforting way. The girl nodded diffidently but it was enough for Kylo Ren to roar at the suspect: “You tried to kill me ? Why? How ordered you to do it? - I didn’t, My Lord”, pleaded the man in a feeble voice. “Don’t worry, My Lord”, said Hux, ignoring the denial of the suspect. “He will talk sooner or later. - No!” The general and the ruler were utterly baffled to hear someone from the audience interject. They both searched the faces of the spectators until Rey came forward and stood firm beside the accused. “I can tell you if this man is really the one who tried to kill the emperor. I can read his mind. We both do, My Lord”. There was something accusatory in Rey’s voice. Her eyes sparkled with determination and she looked every bit like the Rey who Kylo Ren used to fight. “Let me see in his mind, My Lord, and we will know for sure if he’s the culprit”. The emperor considered her request for a long moment. He wasn’t certain if he should be mad at her for intervening, but somehow it intrigued him to see her finally acting as she used to during the war. “Alright!” Hux’s eyes went wide with shock. He couldn’t fathom what could make the emperor act against their own plan. He watched, powerless, as Rey sat next to the suspect and asked him gently to allow her to look into his mind. Rey placed her fingers against the man’s temples then concentrated. The intrusion clearly caused him pain and apprehension run through the crowd. It didn’t last long, however, as she delicately withdrew her hands and smiled at the frightened man. “This man has nothing to do with the attack, My Lord. He is innocent”, she declared while keeping her eyes on the falsely accused. The spectators were impressed by Rey’s feat and some of them dared to cheer and applaud. The emperor took a few steps towards her and offered her his hand. She took it and he helped her get up. They both stood facing the enthusiastic crowd while he leaned and whispered only for her to hear: “Never try to do that again, you hear me?” Rey anxiously tried to get away but he held her tight with a clenching hand on her shoulder. __________________ Hux was furious, and it is a euphemism. He never thought that the Jedi would interfere with his plan and his own lack of foresight infuriated him. It reminded him of the war and the way The Resistance kept preventing him from achieving his goals, destroying his weapons, sabotaging his most elaborate strategies. He yelled at his subordinates to leave him alone as soon as he reached his offices. His anger didn’t explode into destructive behaviour like Ren’s, which made it even more frightening to witness. He just mumbled, threatning his invisible enemies with the most atrocious revenge scenarios, red-faced, pacing around the room, menacing to implode. After a long period when he lost the perception of time in his fury, he heard one of his aides coming in. “What?” he shouted. “Lady Rey is here to see you, Sir?” It was probably the last person he would have expected at that precise moment. It was the second time she took him by surprise this day. “Tell her to come in”, he ordered, miraculously recovering some of his calm. He refused to seem destabilized. Rey entered the offices of General Hux. She had a wary expression and addressed him without diversion: “General Hux, I am here to ask to let the little girl go. - The little girl? - The witness. She has obviously been forced into false testimony. She never saw the man putting the explosives under the emperor’s seat for the simple reason that he wasn’t even there. He is just an unlucky engineer whose only fault is to drink too much”. Hux snorted spitefully. He was growing tired of Rey’s righteousness. “You think that you have done something good, Jedi, but you have no idea how complex the situation is. It is essential for the emperor to find a culprit for the attack, and soon. Otherwise, he will be the one to suffer the consequences. - And it doesn’t matter if he condemns an innocent man? - It is just a detail!” The general’s lips quivered into a dreadful grimace, something between a malicious smile and a threatening sneer. Rey sustained his gaze proudly, insensitive to his vicious intimidation. “The little girl has nothing to do with this. Let her go”, she demanded again. Hux stepped towards her and with evident satisfaction, he said to Rey’s face: “No”. __________________ “Are you mad at me?” Rey asked Kylo Ren while they walked together in the gardens. The emperor surprised her by joining her promenade today. The imperial guards and her handmaiden followed them closely this time, but kept enough distance for them to discuss without being heard . “No. Not anymore”, he reassured her. He walked next to her with his hands behind his back. He was the image of the gallant admirer, adapting his steps to her speed and letting her decide their path through the gardens. “I’ve seen enough innocent people being sentenced for crimes they didn’t commit, back when I lived on Jakku ”. Kylo Ren hummed sympathetically. There was an awkward silence between them, as if both of them hesitated to ask something of the other. Rey was the one to talk first: “Will the man be released, now that you know that he’s innocent? - Yes”, he answered simply. “And the witness?” she added, affecting ignorance. - I suppose so. Why do you ask? - I keep thinking about her, about the reason she would lie. - You think she had been forced to? - There must be a reason why she would do that”. The emperor stopped abruptly and tilted his head in realisation. “You want me to free her and whomever person Hux is keeping prisoner to compel her to testify.” Rey hesitated than nodded, seeming somehow ashamed. “Why would I do that, Rey? Tell me. - Because it is the right thing to do. - You know who used to say that to me? My mother. She always had those ready-made phrases that didn’t bare any sense to throw at my face”. Rey was silent for a few seconds. She looked down at the floor and said: “I can’t ignore those I am able to help. - Is this why you saved me? Out of principle?” She lifted her head immediately and her eyes betrayed her distress. “I…I didn’t want you to die. - Why? When I know that you are doing everything to deceive me. - It is not true! - You seem to care for other people more than you care for me. Isn’t Rey? - No. You are wrong. I…I care for you”. Kylo Ren’s starting anger faded at the revelation. He caught Rey’s hands and started muttering frantically: “I lied Rey. I am mad at you, for showing your true nature for the sake of that man. I hated seeing you touching him and reading his thoughts. I wished he would burn on the spot. Do you know, Rey, what you do to me? You are making me mad. - It wasn’t my intention”, she replied, shaking her head, seemingly overwhelmed by Kylo Ren’s confession. He let go of her, his fervor replaced by a wicked determination. “How will you persuade me to forgive you, Rey?” Rey stared at him with her impossibly innocent eyes. “Will you come to see me tonight, at my quarters?” She smiled and looked away blushingly. “That isn’t much of an obligation, My Lord”, she teased and it pleased him. __________________ It felt like a secret wedding to the three handmaidens. When Rey asked them to help her prepare for her rendezvous with the emperor, they all knew what that implied: “It is finally happening!” chirped Sana almost too enthusiastically while she prepared a bath for her mistress. “Keep quite Sana!” warned her Tania. Sana clicked her tongue, undignified: “As if you weren’t thinking the same thing. Even Lyn knows what a late meeting like this means. - I wouldn’t know”, tried to interject Lyn, but her shy little voice didn’t seem to reach Sana’s reddened ears. “Stop pretending. Acting prude doesn’t suit you Tania. - I am only asking you to be a bit more discreet. - Discreet? The emperor wasn’t discreet when he dragged Lady Rey in the gardens in front of Lyn and the guards”. Lyn lowered her gaze, as if she were to blame for the now infamous incident. “He wasn’t discreet either when he nearly tore her gown apart and covered her neck with love bites. One must be blind not to see what is coming”. Sana concluded with a huff, like a point at the end of her argument. Tania wasn’t as excitable as her friend and she just rolled her eyes, resigned. That’s when Lady Rey came into the bathroom. It was apparent that she was a little nervous, but she and her handmaidens shared a common feeling of anticipation, as if something important was about to happen. Rey didn’t stay long in the bath. It wasn’t the time to indulge in the activity. This time, it was purely utilitarian as she only needed to get ready for her meeting. Before they clothed her, Tania approached her with a bottle of flower extract. Rey smiled approvingly and the handmaiden started applying the scented water on her mistress’ skin. Lyn brought her underwear and was about to help her put them on when Rey stopped her: “No need for those. Just the robe”. Sana smiled smugly at her two friends, satisfied to be proven right. She grabbed the robe and deployed it behind Rey so she could slip her hands in the large sleeves. Lady Rey closed the garment in the front and knotted the waistband. It was a long and ample robe made of a colorful fabric displaying a circular motif reminiscent of a solar system or a flowery garden. Kylo Ren sent it to her as one of the many gifts that piled up in her rooms. Tania helped Rey brush her hair and arrange it into a simple long braid. She suggested to add an elegant silver pin and Rey complied with a resignation that concerned her handmaiden. Lyn brought a large round mirror and held it clumsily in front of her mistress to let her see the result. Rey’s mouth’s corners quirked up but there was apprehension in her eyes. Tania, who was still behind her and could clearly see her reflection, ventured a compliment, trying to give her courage: “You are gorgeous, My Lady!” Sana came closer and stared over Rey’s shoulder at the reflection: “It is true, Lady Rey. Beautiful enough to turn an emperor’s head!” Tania hit Sana’s side with her elbow. Rey didn’t scold her, however. She smiled at her maids in the mirror instead, and for them it was better than a thank you. Lyn trembled despite her best efforts to hold the heavy mirror still, so Rey thanked her and apologized for making her carry it for so long. The three handmaiden watched their mistress leave and they felt like mothers whose daughter was leaving her home to join her husband. Despite that none of them had children, they knew now how bittersweet such moment could feel. _______________________ The two guards were expecting Lady Rey’s arrival. Without uttering a word, they opened the red door to the imperial chambers for her. She got inside the vestibule and, as she gained the habit now, she waited for another door to open and to guide her to where she had to go. The whoosh led her to a room she never visited before. She entered and discovered a blue area with many artworks displayed all over. Kylo Ren was sitting on a chair directly facing the door. He didn’t have a mask on and donned instead a satisfied grin, his face resting casually on the back of his hand. Rey’s attention flickered between the emperor and the abstract paintings and sculptures that surrounded them, her expression vacillating between awe and incomprehension. “I like abstract art because it doesn’t try to vainly imitate the beauty of nature. It goes straight for the truth”, explained the emperor without any kind of preamble. Rey nodded then finally concentrated her attention on him. “Come a little closer, Rey.” he invited her and she took a few hushed steps towards him, her calves showing temptingly through the hems of her long robe, until she was at an arm’s long away from Kylo Ren. It would have been easy for him to take hold of her and pull her towards him, but he was determined. He decided that tonight he would savour every moment with her and prove to her, and to himself, his willpower. He looked up at her, amused by her apparent hesitancy. “Do you want me to remove your clothes, Rey?” A blush spread instantly on her cheeks. She swallowed so hard that he couldn’t miss the movement of the muscles of her throat. She was tangibly anxious and fretful. “I won’t make the same mistake that I did last time. I won’t force you to do anything you don’t want to”. He brought his hand to her cheek and drew small circles with his thumb under her eye. “Do you trust me?” he murmured and she looked at him with a determination he didn’t expect of her as of late. Rey peered into the emperor’s eyes and it thrilled him to no end. She undid the knot that held her robes closed by herself, compelling him to look down while the gown opened up slowly to reveal the naked skin underneath. The clothing still hanging onto Rey’s shoulders, the hems spread far enough for Kylo Ren to delve in the delightful view of her body. His eyes roamed between the swells of her breasts then traveled down to her pulsating thorax, passed her navel and stopped at the thatch of dark hair between her thighs. Kylo Ren felt an agonizing pressure build up in his chest. His ears started ringing, like when anger was menacing to take over, although he knew his feelings to be quite different. He pushed himself to the edge of his seat and slid his hands under the hems of Rey’s robe ever so prudently, afraid to startle her as if she were a wild bird. He spread his palms over her hips, realizing that his hands must have felt very cold against her skin as she gasped quietly. He moved his hands up, following the delicate curves of her torso, his eyes ascending until they reached her face. The flush was darker, her mouth agape and her eyes sparkling with anticipation. Kylo Ren groaned with hunger and ferociously pushed the cloth from Rey’s shoulders. He exhaled for a mere second while he gave himself the opportunity to admire her full figure. He had tried to imagine her naked body repeatedly and she resolutely surpassed any of his expectations. Her skin had the same shade of caramel candy he used to love when he was a child. A few scars marred her body but instead of spoiling her beauty, it made it more appealing, unique. She was an exquisite paradox, all at once fragile and powerful. Her toned muscles told of many stories of survival and combat while her delicate curves implied innocence and a need to be loved . Taking her hands into his, he pulled her towards him, forcing her to sit on his knees, her legs hanging on one side of his thighs. The smell of flowers reached his nostrils and lured him to dive his nose into the crook of her neck. “You smell so divine. You always have!” Rey was out of words. Kylo Ren didn’t mind that she was still not as eloquent as she used to be. He was resolved to make her loose her docile act eventually. With his lips against her cheek, he murmured: “I am so glad you are here Rey. I am so glad you survived. I kept hoping you were still alive after the war ended. - My Lord…” Before she could say more, he clasped the back of her head, put his other hand on her chest, and encouraged her to bend backward. Rey brought her brows up in incomprehension. Still, she followed obediently the movement of his hands as they twisted her spine until she was curved like a bow. She stretched her arms and legs to touch the floor while her back rested on her knees, the tension of her muscles accentuated into a position that could have been unbearable to someone less flexible than she was. The emperor admired the movement of the taunt muscles of her abdomen. He put his hands on her stomach then started moving them in a mirror-like fashion over her skin. The friction created a luscious sound that reminded him of the wind blowing delicately through the leaves. The melody of her breath enchanted his ears. She was like an instrument and he felt like an artist experiencing the most pleasurable and gratifying experience he could get. He explored her body with the palms of his hands, one going down between her legs and the other up her chest. Her face was red and her thorax moved rapidly as her breathing became more and more irregular. She didn’t however complain or attempt to change her position. She kept still, up until Kylo Ren put his hand over one of her breasts. It delectably filled his palm with its softness, her nipple coming at attention at his touch. She whined and twitched and when his other hand caressed her slit, she shook her head violently as if she wanted to get free of invisible confines. Still, she remained in place encouraging him to pursue his ministrations. Kylo Ren touched her between her legs and distinctly felt the wetness that resided there. He laughed in satisfaction and sought to reward her for her eagerness. He flicked his thumb against the little piece of flesh peeking outside her glistening lips just like a musician striking a string, causing her entire body to tremble, and then dipped his index inside her pulsating orifice. He did it very slowly and with much caution but Rey seemed nonetheless overwhelmed by the sensation. “No, oh no!” she yelped. He withdrew his hand promptly and asked her earnestly, although his voice sounded shaky to his own ears: “Do you want me to stop?” She lifted her head to offer him an apologetic look: “No. Please, don’t stop. I am sorry. - Is it too much for you? - It is almost too much”. Kylo Ren laughed as he so rarely allowed himself to. “I am not used to such things, My Lord”, continued Rey. Sweet innocent Rey. He carefully slid his hand between her legs and she spread them this time to better accommodate him, slowly bending her spine again so she’d regain her bridge posture. He plunged his finger inside her and she tried unsuccessfully to retain a lascivious moan by biting her bottom lip. Kylo Ren started moving his digit in and out of her warm pussy while he kneaded her breasts one after the other. He felt his own excitement growing at the sound of Rey’s cries. The feeling of her inner walls, the discovery of that secret part of her anatomy entranced him. She squirmed under his touch and it made him bold. He joined a second finger inside of her and roughly circled his thumb against her clit. She cried out and clawed the floor desperately. Kylo Ren closed his eyes to appreciate the music of her wanton yelps. They soon became more articulated: “My Lord, yes...you...ah!” But not by much. His fingers moved inside of her to reach further secret muscles. When he opened his eyes, he saw the muscles of her pelvis rippling and he noticed the flush over her neck and chest. “Did you ever imagine it, Rey? Did you imagine me doing this to you before? - Yes!” she breathed with difficulty, now pushing her legs against the floor, her body tensing even more than he had thought possible. “You thought of me, touching you, pleasuring you? - Yes, ah!” Her voice sounded surprisingly high-pitched. Pleasure distorted it in an unrecognisable way and it enthralled him like a bewitching melody. “You thought of me fucking you while we were still fighting as enemies! - Yes!” she screamed almost shamefully and he felt her inner walls closing around his fingers, fluttering uncontrollably and signaling the orgasm that hit her violently. The emperor gazed down at Rey approvingly, his nostrils flaring with satisfaction. He felt an unfamiliar clarity, his senses acute like they rarely were, as if everything became clear and uncomplicated. The invasion or the assassination attempt seemed inconsequential. He only cared about her and admired her while she slowly came down from her high. He was almost disappointed to let his slick fingers slip out of her, yet he smiled at her fondly when she looked up at him, more bashful now than when she came in. With his hand under her neck, he lifted her up then brought her exhausted and malleable body against his. “You are magnificent!” he praised her then clasped her face in his hands to examine her eyes, unintentionally covering her cheek with her own juices. Seeing how she gasped when she felt the wetness on her skin, he leaned closer and licked her face clean. He felt primal, animalistic, her skin hot and musky under his tongue. Rey snuggled between his arms. It was such a tender and fragile moment, the kind Kylo Ren missed during his childhood when he most needed it. “Is it true what you said? That you thought of us as lovers even when we were enemies? - Uh Hum”. Now that she wasn’t delirious with lust, Rey seemed ashamed to admit it. “I have never told anyone before!” she added and Kylo Ren clasped her face to make her look at him. “You can tell me anything Rey. With me, you can be whomever you want to be. With me, you are free”. The absurdity of his statement hung in the air. They feel silent and Rey, looking a bit sad, nuzzled against Kylo Ren’s chest while he sighed, overcome by a feeling of guilt. Notes: Super quick update! This is quite unusual but you are such lovely readers and I wanted to share with you this chapter as soon as I finished it. I figured I teased you enough! I must confess I am pretty anxious to know your impressions on the... *cough, cough*...sex scene. I hope you forgive my weird take on Michelangelo's Pietà (and I made it weirder by refrencing a religious sculpture, didn't I?). I have to warn you, though, I like writing about strange sex positions, so brace yourself for the upcoming smut. I forgot to tell you that I am on Tumblr: lastmouseleft.tumblr.com , so if you were to send me a message about this fic or just to say "Hi", I would be delighted! Chapter 6 Summary: Rey and Kylo Ren spend some time together. They talk, among other things. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey let Kylo Ren carry her into his room. She sheltered her head in the crook of his armpit and looked at him shyly through the hair locks that fell over her face. She was a little wild animal, so light and delicate in his arms, though he couldn’t deny the fierceness that she concealed. When they came into the large room, her eyes were immediately attracted by the domed glass ceiling. He carefully put her down on her legs and she immediately stepped closer to his floor-leveled bed to have a better look at the starry heavens, like a fly allured by a treacherous light. “I would have thought you were used to that. Jakku must have had the most impressive night skies” Kylo Ren commented amusingly. “It has been so long!” she confessed although without sadness. She felt a movement, the sound of crumpled fabric and she turned swiftly to see the emperor removing his clothes. As he discarded his long coat, she went to take refuge behind one of the four columns in the room. She hid against the pillar and peeked discretely to observe him while he disrobed slowly, putting a show just for her. He could see that she was still looking at him, clearly intrigued by his body. He removed his top and her eyes sparkled at the sight of his chiselled muscles and the scars that marred his pale skin. His boots were next to go before he reached for the fringe of his pants. He tugged at his waistband and lowered them deliberately slow over his hips, revealing to her the accentuated crease between his pelvis and thigh. He saw her bit the side of her lower lip and a wolfish smile spread on his full lips when his pants clang to the protruding form between his legs. He fixed her and his eyes held her gaze prisoner as he suddenly pulled the garment completely down. Rey gasped and blushed furiously when she took in the sight of his throbbing cock, angry and ready to attack. It snapped any kind of restraint that he had left in him. He all but soared towards her as she playfully escaped, laughing seductively. With his long legs, it only took him a couple of steps before he got hold of her, seizing her by the waist and shoving her over his shoulder. He kissed her thigh as she half-heartedly slapped his back, struggling to contain her giggles. He stepped over the mattress and when he arrived at the center of the bed, he knelt down and delicately helped her slide over his shoulder and settle on his lap. Rey looked at his chest, timidly avoiding his eyes. She sat with her legs on either side of his thighs but she kept a distance between them, visibly avoiding touching his intimidating member. “Are you afraid of me?” he asked drily as he clasped her cheek and forced her to meet his eyes. “Don't you know I've always feared you My Lord? - Why? Do you fear I would hurt you? - I fear you would corrupt me”. Her answer sparkled a twisted sense of satisfaction in him. He crushed his mouth against hers and kissed her passionately. He tasted her lips and slipped his tongue carefully into her mouth. While he was kissing her, Kylo Ren opened his eyes to examine Rey’s face. He discovered how concentrated she looked, as if she were executing some instructions. The blush on her face and the delicious moans that escaped her lips convinced him of the sincerity of her kiss though. He thought it adorable, even, how she applied herself to please him. Rey opened her eyes too and realised that her lover was smiling with his lips still against hers. She looked suddenly ashamed and interrupted their kiss, turning her head to the side. He frowned but he didn’t have the chance to protest as she quickly brought her mouth to his chest and started licking his nipple. She placed her hands on his pectorals and lapped at his sensitive flesh, her action so wanton and still managing to keep an air of perfect innocence. Kylo Ren clasped the back of her head and encouraged her clumsy though enthusiastic attentions. “Rey…” he breathed as he tilted his head backwards. “Where did you learn to do this?” She stopped suddenly and with an evident embracement in her voice, she stated: “You don’t like it. - No! I like it. I like it very much!” he reassured her, peering directly into her eyes. “It’s just…I have the feeling you are following some guidelines”. Her whole face became red and her pupils danced from one corner of her eyes to the other. “I am not very…experienced, My Lord”, she confessed in a tiny muffled voice. “Is it your first time?” he asked tenderly, but she hesitated for a long moment and answered rather unexpectedly: “No.” Jealousy flared inside his chest in a breath like an angry furnace. He grabbed her arms tightly and asked through clenched teeth: “Who was it?” Her alarm distorted her face but her imploring eyes didn’t placate his temper. “Tell me Rey! Was it the traitor? Or one of your friends from The Resistance?” Her expression shifted suddenly from incomprehensive to judgemental. She scowled at him with resentment and he was surprised to feel so excited by her defiance. Rey tried to push Kylo Ren away but he held her tightly. “Let me go”, she protested. “Why do you refuse to tell me? What are you hiding from me? - This is ridiculous!” As she fought to get free of his grip, twitching violently, she managed to fall on her back and bring Kylo Ren forward with her. He laid over her, trapping her under his imposing form. Tears of frustration gathered in her eyes but she bravely kept them from shedding. “You want to know? Fine! He was a traveler, visiting Jakku . There were always explorers and adventurers passing by Niima outpost, either lost or crazy enough to want to explore a desolate part of a forsaken planet. He was different though. He seemed so refined and gentle. I helped him get a part he needed and he invited me back to the room he rented during his stay. I knew what he wanted, but it didn’t appal me. I wanted the same thing. I wanted to try for one time what it felt to be loved…I didn’t want to die without knowing what it meant”. Rey’s voice vacillated and Kylo Ren’s heart clenched painfully in remorse. “It was raw and sad. I never felt so lonely in my life. He left after that and I never saw him again”. Kylo Ren’s mouth moved but no sound came out. He deflated, all his anger gone and replaced a crushing sense of shame. He should apologize, he wanted to, but for Kylo Ren there wasn’t a greater sign of weakness. Even as a child, he detested offering excuses, especially when his parents forced him to –and they often did. They couldn’t comprehend the dismay it caused him to acknowledge his own flaws. “I got jealous!” he explained to Rey, and it was the best he could do. “Can I go now, My Lord?” He winced and his disarray was greater than she would imagine. He feared that he had broken the fresh frail bond between then, that he had severed their relationship before it had even started. He rolled on his side and watched her as she crawled away from him. Rey got off the bed and he did the same, looking desperate. He went to the pile of his discarded clothes on the floor to grab his coat and then went to place it over Rey’s shivering shoulders. She let him but refused to look at his face. The coat was far too big for her and it hang down to the floor. She tightened it around her, defeated, and turned around to get to the door when Kylo Ren grasped her hand firmly and forced her to face him again. “Don’t leave! I don’t want you to leave!” his tone was imploring and the desperate kisses he peppered over her face told her the words he wasn’t able to speak. Rey softened. She relaxed her shoulders. He caressed the shell of her ear with his soft lips and whispered: “I don’t care about your past. I really don’t . I just want you now. - Now? What will you do with me when you get what you want?” Confused, he examined her to be certain she were serious and he fathomed how dubious and afraid she felt. “You think I would cast you away after we would be together?” She nodded timidly and he snorted in disbelief: “My beautiful precious Rey, how can you believe that? Have you any idea how much I have wanted you? I have thought about you since the moment I lead eyes on you. Do you remember? On Takodana ?” Rey licked her lips and nodded again while he stroked her face with the back of his knuckles, leaning slightly to bring his face closer to hers. “When you kissed me in the gardens, I have dreamt of that moment so many times, yet it turned out a thousand times better than my mind could ever conceive. I would never get enough of your lips”. He illustrated his words by offering her a short yet adoring kiss. “I have never met someone like you, Rey. My world was never the same after that day on Takodana . You have changed me and I could never replace you”. Rey brought her eyebrows together and Kylo Ren could see how moved she was by his confession. She was the one to initiate their kiss then, this time their embrace more voracious and ardent. Rey sucked the emperor’s lower lip into her mouth and chewed on it like a ravenous little beast, as if she wanted to devour him bit by bit. “Let me show you. Let me be your teacher!” he murmured against her mouth. “Yes!” she breathed eagerly before taking his hand and guiding them both over the mattress again. “You won’t reject me this time and slice my face with your saber, will you?” he joked in a rare demonstration of his dark humour. She exploded in a manic laughter but quickly muzzled herself by slapping her mouth. She really was adorable. He hugged her then kissed her again, encouraging her to stoop with him. They were both on their knees, struggling to part their lips, until he moved his mouth to her ear and whispered seductively: “Do you want me to pleasure you?” Rey looked straight ahead while he ravished her neck with bites and kisses, a mischievous smile settling on her lips and she asked: “How? - I want to lick you, between your thighs! - Oh? - Did the traveler ...” he mentioned him as if he spat some poison. “…do that to you? - No. But I might have seen it mentioned in a book”. Kylo Ren smiled and continued: “Did your book show how we can both give each other pleasure at the same time?” She was startled by his suggestion, apparently ignorant of the practice, and it was exactly what he wanted: to guide her through new experiences, to corrupt her as she described it so well. “Do you want to try it, my apprentice?” he asked her and she licked her lips, hesitating for the briefest moment before acquiescing: “Yes, Master”. The sound of her calling him that name sent a shiver to his core. He never though he would feel such excitement from hearing a simple word. His cock was already aching but it got even worse when he peered into her candid and curious eyes. “Lay down on your side”, he instructed, his breathing heavy with lust. Rey let the coat fall behind her, then lowered herself on her left side, placing her head over her stretched arms and innocently awaiting Kylo Ren’s further directives. He followed through, laying just beside her but in the other direction. “Open your thighs”, he told her and she diligently raised her crooked right leg. He slipped his hands behind her thighs and leisurely leaned into her core, inhaling her unique aroma. Without him telling her, she also grasped his thighs and pulled herself closer to his pulsating shaft. She understood what was expected of her very quickly and it satisfied her teacher immensely. “Such a talented apprentice”, he complimented before languidly licking her slit. Rey yelped loudly and it encouraged him to do it again, this time pushing his tongue deeper between her lips and finally tasting the warm wetness they concealed. She shook and moaned, seemingly forgetting in her daze about her part. “Put your mouth around my cock, apprentice”, he ordered hoarsely. Kylo Ren looked between them and observed how she nervously spread her lips and dipped her head towards his member and kissed the tip. He gasped and enticed her: “More! Suck it inside your mouth. Do it and I will reward you.” She obeyed and let her lips go further down his shaft. It was the most exquisite sensation to have her pouty little mouth around his erection, gently sliding down then up to release his length. “Yes. Keep doing it, Rey. How does it feel? - It feels…soft and nice”, she confessed with her lips against the head of his cock. He hummed approvingly before turning his attention to her sex again. He dipped his tongue in search of the little sensitive nub between her folds and had little difficulty finding it, already erect as it was. He pushed against it with the tip of his tongue and she shivered in pleasure. Following one of his previous instructions, she sucked his member into her mouth, this time more confidently. He did the same to her clit after he offered her further directions: “That’s it. Move your lips up and down. You are so good at this!” With their faces buried between each other’s thighs, Kylo Ren felt the storm of emotions that usually raged inside him standing still. The Force surged between them and enveloped them protectively. The universe around them seemed perfectly balanced, as if both sides of the Force approved their union. They both started humming, obeying to the same odd impulse. Kylo Ren explored her soft folds, as if he plucked the petals of a flower, then pressed his tongue inside her while she took him even deeper, her head bobbing at a frantic cadence. Their height difference required him to curve his spine but he barely noticed the discomfort, his senses overflown by the carnal sensations. As he lapped the surging wetness between her folds, he recognised the distinctive tightness in his scrotum. He was about to come. He reluctantly abandoned her delicious pussy and instructed her to stop. She refused to obey though and unrelentingly sucked on his shaft, mewling as if she was savoring the most luscious treat. “Enough, Rey!” he insisted but with no real threat in his voice. She stopped then, letting go of his erection and looking like a child caught misbehaving. Kylo Ren laid on his back and encouraged her to come closer. “I want to be inside you. Would you like that, Rey?” She bit her lip and smiled. “Yes, Master! - Sit over me then”. Zealously, she climbed over him, her thighs sprayed against his pelvis when he took her waist and turned them both upside down. She squealed like a trapped prey and he laid over her. He slipped his arm under her calf and pushed her leg up, stretching her open. With his thighs placed firmly against the mattress, he pushed his cock inside her ready core with a firm movement of his hips. “At last! At last!” he breathed, his eyes closing at the delectable sensation of his member penetrating her tight and warm tunnel. Rey’s body quivered as her inner muscles stretched to accommodate his girth. “Oh, you feel so good! Better than I would ever though…Tell me Rey…Was that how you imagined it?” he asked while he settled on a deliberate pace, ramming inside her. “No! This is far better, Master. - Is that true? Or are you saying it just to please me? - Oh no, My Lord! This is much, much better”. They both screamed wantonly as they felt their excitement grow. Kylo Ren was already very close to his release. He realised that Rey was also approaching her completion, though. He was relieved and pumped between her sopping lips with abandon. He felt her climax as if it was his own and it only took him a few seconds before he followed through, sending ropes of seed into her palpitating insides. At first, they stubbornly refused to let go of one another, but their bodies had their own rules and they were forced to separate. Instead of the expected relief, Kylo Ren felt empty as he let his spent shaft slip out of his lover’s folds. He felt miserable and already missed her warmness. Not even the lovable kisses she placed all over his face could have helped him keep his disenchantment at bay. “What’s wrong My Lord? - Nothing. It’s nothing”. He turned on his side and brought her into an embrace. “Are you unsatisfied with my…performance? - No. No! You were perfect Rey”. Kylo Ren sighed and Rey didn’t try to make him talk any further. She just touched his mouth with her index, tracing the form of his lips. They fell into a comfortable silence until he suddenly asked her: “Do you hate me Rey?” - What? - Do you hate me for destroying The Resistance? For your present condition? Do you hate me for being The Emperor? ” She seemed very troubled and turned on her other side, her back now facing him. “You don’t trust me. Even when I am in your arms?” she sounded hurt and upset, but Kylo Ren knew better than to let her avoid his question. “Do you trust me, Rey?” Rey straightened up and sat on her heels, still facing away from her lover. “Do you remember when I told that I’ve seen you before we met, in a vision? - Of course! - At first, I thought you were a nightmare, a monster”. Kylo Ren gulped. It always hurt him to hear her call him like that. “When I saw what you were really capable of, I became even more scared. I wanted to run away from you, then, when I understood that I couldn’t, I wanted to learn how to defeat you. I thought that if I learned to use The Force I would be able to stop you from hurting those that I loved. I went to Luke seeking his teaching to become a warrior, but he offered me much more. He taught me how to be true to myself and to my feelings. I could no longer pretend that you were only my enemy. I knew my feelings for you were much more complicated”. She turned her head and gazed at him over her shoulder. Kylo Ren lifted his torso and sat up, silently expecting her to continue. “I may have acknowledged those feelings, but I refused to give up to them. For me, you represented The Dark Side and I refused to surrender to it. But the more we fought, the more it was hard for me to endure all the contradictory sentiments I had towards you. I suffered so much and more than once, I wished I had never met you. I hated you then, with all my heart”. A teardrop fell from Rey’s eye and left a wet trail over her reddened cheek. “You were pulling me to the darkness, even when you didn’t try to. Whatever I did, you were winning. My heart was corrupted. When Snoke died and you became the new emperor, I thought it was the end for my friends and me. It turned out I was the only one to survive. I don’t know if I blame you for that more than I blame myself. - Why would you blame yourself, Rey? - For being the survivor. For being alive and being here with you when they are all dead”. Kylo Ren brought himself closer to Rey and circled her waist with his strong arms, pulling her into a tender embrace. “You have to let go of the past”, he said softly. “It’s so hard”, she sobbed and her little body shook pitifully between his arms. “I’ll chase all your pain away, if only you would let me. - Can you? - Yes. If only you would trust me”. She stopped crying and finally turned to face him. She put her arms around his neck and he leaned forward to kiss the tears away from her eyes. She laughed softly and told him: “I want you to trust me too. - Should I? - Of course, My Lord”. Kylo Ren wanted to believe her words, with all his being. He wished he could trust her, but he was a deeply wounded man. Those he loved and trusted always ended up betraying him. His family lied to him, Snoke used him shamelessly and his associates and subordinated only desired one thing: to take his place. Besides, he couldn’t ignore Rey’s unusual behaviour. Her docility was undoubtedly a cloak hiding her true intensions. They were still fighting, he was perfectly aware of that. Only the weapons and the battlefield had changed, although Kylo Ren found it far more agreeable. “I trust you, Rey”, he lied because he simply couldn’t really trust her. She kissed his forehead affectionately then pushed against his shoulders to help herself get up. She retrieved his discarded coat and put it on, floating inside it like a kid disguising as an adult. “It’s very late. I’d better go back to my rooms before everyone wakes up in the palace”. Kylo Ren snorted. He truly didn’t care the least about his subjects knowing that he slept with his former enemy. Still, he obliged and allowed her to go. “One of the guards will escort to your rooms”. He accompanied her to the door, not minding his nakedness. He had half a mind to knock her over and take her again, the sensation of emptiness still strong in his guts. He missed her while she was still with him, when she went through the threshold and he missed her when she disappeared behind the door and into the vestibule. He listened carefully until he heard her talking to the guard then following him away from his quarters. He sensed her presence through The Force and tracked it through the palace until she reached her rooms. She was so close and yet the distance that separated them seemed to him overwhelming. He had the urge to go join her but he refrained. He felt like a prisoner in his own palace. Notes: My dear readers, Thank you for reading and repeatedly showing me your support by commenting and giving me kudos. Believe me when I tell you that it is the most satisfying thing to have my writing read and appreciated by you. Still, I hope I am not abusing when I ask for your assistance. I would love to have your opinion about this story. It would help me greatly if I knew what you appreciate and what you think superfluous in the plot. Would you prefer if I were to focus more on Kylo Ren and Rey’s relationship or do you enjoy all the political intrigue that goes around them? I know this chapter is very smuty and not very plot-related. As for the relation between Rey and Kylo Ren, I hope you like how it is progressing. I decided from the start that it won’t be a dominant/submissive kind of relationship. Not that I don't enjoy reading such stories, but I wanted to write something a bit different and challenge myself. In short, your comments are precious! Not only because the keep the ghosts of self-doubt at bay but because they guide me in my writing. Very soon, Rey’s POV. Chapter 7 Summary: The palace reawakens with the visit of the Pantorian delegation. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Like nature bursts into life when the spring comes, the imperial palace bubbled with energy after a long period of lethargy. The visit of the Pantorian delegation was the occasion of a true rebirth. There had been no official visits since the events of the Spring Festival and the palace’s staff fussed around to offer the guests the best stay they could have. The servants were everywhere, some cleaning, others carrying fresh sheets, drapery, flowers vases and plant pots to be placed in every room and at every corner. Invigorating and fresh aromas agreeably floated in the palace. In the kitchen, the cooks were already preparing the feast planned for the evening. Kylo Ren drank in the effervescence that oozed through the walls. It reminded him of a time, back when his ambassador of a mother used to organise all those dinners and parties in honour of her colleagues. The shy and awkward child that he used to be abhorred those occasions, but even then, he already knew that they were politically essential. As the new emperor, he complied, though reluctantly, to the diplomatic aspect of his position. He knew that his battles were no longer fought solely on the battlefield. Image and charisma were as powerful weapons as a lightsaber when it came to ruling an empire. The visit of the Pantorians was particularly important to him. Pantoria might have been a small inconsequential moon, but its representatives still enjoyed influence in the senate. He counted on them to let the senators and the galaxy know that the attack on his life didn’t succeed in crippling him, neither physically nor morally. As he sat in his reading room, the memory of Rey hang in the air, deliciously tormenting him, but he tried to ignore it as best as he could. He was expecting a rather important communication and had to keep his mind focused. His meditative state was disturbed when he felt a hologram appear in front of him. He slowly opened his eyes and saw the translucent and flickering image of a tall blond woman. “You made me wait, Io. -Pardon me, Master Ren! I was quite occupied. -Right. I hope you have good news to offer me. -Indeed, My Lord. I have found the perfect candidate to be designated as the perpetrator of the Spring Festival attack”. The hologram flickered and the static portrait of a Sullustan man replaced Io Ren’s image. “Senator Sooro from Sullust . He is openly opposed to your rule and has expressed on multiple occasions his disapproval of your plans to pacify the Outer Rim Territories. -Did he?” growled Kylo Ren in disdain. “He has a history with The Resistance. He has never been part of it, but he was apparently a sympathiser”. Kylo Ren stood up and walked towards the window, carrying the holographic projector in the palm of his hand. He looked outside at the luminous morning sky that announced a particularly hot day. “Won’t the other senators suspect a plot against him precisely because he was close to The Resistance? - I don’t think so. He isn’t very popular among the senate. I am certain that no one will care to defend him when he will be revealed as the culprit. - What about the real culprit? - My Lord? - They will care, won’t they? Will they be relieved or rather insulted when they will know that we have the wrong man? - Do you worry about another attack? - I am exasperated by the ineptitude of my officers to discover the truth! - The true culprit won’t be able to hide for long, Master. I am certain! However, for now, we have to move swiftly to turn the events to your advantage. Soon, the imperial senate will have no choice but to agree with all your plans. - Yes, soon!” A flying form approaching in the sky caught Kylo Ren’s attention. He recognised the small yet elegant engine as the Pantorian spaceship. “That will be all, Io. We will resume this conversation when I’ll arrive to Coruscant. - Yes, Master”, Io Ren bowed before her hologram collapsed and disappeared. As soon as the room became silent again, Kylo Ren allowed the memories of the previous night to submerge him like water pouring from a broken dam. “Rey”, he breathed, overcome by a crushing sense of longing. ___________________________________________________ Conscience came back slowly to Rey. She thought she heard him calling her name, but when she opened her eyes, she saw she was alone in her room. It was dark, a single ray of light penetrating through the heavy curtains and drawing a bright line over the carpeted floor. Rey was habitually awake before sunset and the fact that she overslept made her feel a tad disorientated. Her memory was a bit hazy. She noticed that she was still wearing the emperor’s coat. Lyn peeked discreetly through the door and saw that her mistress was awake. “Good morning Lady Rey!” she said softly but cheerfully. “Good morning Lyn”, Rey yawned, rubbing her eye with the heel of her hand. The handmaiden tiptoed inside the room and addressed a curtsy to her mistress. Rey encouraged her repeatedly to abandon such etiquettes in her presence but Lyn was a persistent one. “Would you like me to open the curtains, My Lady?” “Please do. Thank you, Lyn.” When the handmaiden pushed the curtains apart, drowning the room in light, Rey had to shut her aching eyes quickly. “What a beautiful day!” sighted Lyn in wonder. Rey opened one eye than the other to look outside the window. The view was breathtaking. The impressive nature and the extravagant architecture of Theed never failed to captivate her. The lively colours of the burgeoning vegetation only enhanced the beauty of the Naboo capital. It was fortunate that Lyn was the one to serve Rey this morning. The young maid was considerate and knew how to be discreet. She skilfully ignored her mistress’ unusual outfit and dishevelled state. She even had the great idea to prepare a hot bath for her mistress instead of the daily shower. Once in the bathroom, Rey sighed as she slowly immersed her aching members into the water. She lolled her head to the side and surrendered to the soothing effect of the oils that Lyn was pouring into the bath. The way the water danced softly against her skin, oddly reminding her of the touch of Kylo Ren’s hands. “The Pantorian delegation is expected to visit today”, Lyn casually informed her. “There will be a banquet. I am certain you will be invited, My Lady! - A banquet? It has been so long. - Indeed, My Lady. The palace is finally reawakening”. When they came back to the room, Tania was there, changing the sheets of the bed. She greeted them both with a radiant smile. It was time for Rey to dress up. She knew how much her servants loved that moment of the day and she gladly offered them the privilege to select her daily outfit. Rey was indeed far from being an expert on fashion and she trusted her handmaidens’ opinion in the matter far more than hers. Today, Tania picked out a green gown and a pair of white and silver slippers. While she was rummaging for a hair accessory, Lyn helped their mistress get dressed. Corsets were particularly hard to put on and Rey was always grateful for some assistance. Starships systems and intricate machinery rarely resisted her sharp mind and her nimble fingers, but she still didn’t manage to comprehend that piece of lingerie. An electronic melody informed them that someone was at the door. Rey quickly put on her bathrobe again before Tania let the guard in. He greeted them cordially and informed Lady Rey that she was invited by the emperor to attend the feast in honour of the Pantorians. Rey thanked him politely but he still had to give her the black jewellery box. “A gift from The Emperor”, he explained before turning around and leaving the room. Another jewel then, though this one seemed bigger than usual. Rey opened the box slowly and her eyes widened in marvel when she discovered what it contained. “Beautiful!” exclaimed Tania peeping over Rey’s shoulder. It was a headpiece. Small golden leafs and chains formed the intricate naturalistic ornament reminiscent of a weeping willow. Precious stones were encrusted in the structure and sparkled like little droplets of moister . Rey’s hand trembled at the magnificence of the object. She had never seen such masterpiece of goldsmithery this close before and the knowledge that it was hers filled her with awe. “Would you like to try it on, My Lady?” Lyn suggested gleefully. Rey frowned for the shortest instant then handed the headpiece to her handmaiden with a smile. She stepped closer to the vanity and sat on the small stool in front of it. Lyn gathered her mistress’ hair into a ponytail then carefully placed the ornament over her head. Tania and Lyn both sighed in admiration at the sight of their mistress in the mirror. They praised her: “You look magnificent, My Lady!” said Lyn blinking her eyes with emotion. “Indeed, you look like a queen”, added Tania with a warm smile. They were enchanted and only Rey seemed unmoved by her own reflection. She stared vacantly at the young woman in the mirror, unable to associate the image with herself. The headpiece felt suddenly very heavy. She quickly removed it and placed it in the box. The two handmaidens exchanged preoccupied looks as they sensed Rey’s dismay. “Such an extravagant item! I can’t imagine I will ever need to wear such a thing”, she joked, refusing to let her servants worry about her. Tania hurriedly hid the jewellery box in the cabinet while Lyn invited their mistress to put her dress on with an encouraging smile. ___________________________________________________ General Hux liked to consider himself a great man. He trusted his intellect to be among the greatest of his time and he was convinced that it was only to himself that he owed his success as a military. He however lacked the true greatness that prevented him from turning his frustration against those weaker than he was. The emperor had forced him to release the girl that he coerced into false testimony along with her mother, and it put him in a foul mood indeed. As Sana reported to him, like she did weekly, he snorted in annoyance: “I don’t care about your mistress’ daily routine, maid. Tell me where she was last night?” Startled by his direct enquiry, Sana stammered in confusion: “La…last night, Sir? - Yes. She’s been spotted out of her rooms, late at night. Where was she going? - I…I don’t know, Sir. She didn’t tell us. - You’re lying!” He yelled so hard Sana jumped in surprise. He gritted his teeth as a throbbing vein appeared on his forehead. He circled the trembling handmaid, taking pleasure at how intimidated she looked. “I know she was with The Emperor and you know it too. You think I don’t have other sources to tell me about your mistress’ whereabouts? I know everything that happens in this palace. That’s how I know you have been lying to me. - Lying?” Sana tried to defend herself as she followed Hux’s form from the corners of her eyes. “Yes. You have been wasting my time with your useless reports. You are useless to me and to The Emperor. And you know what we do to the servants who prove useless to their masters? We get rid of them! - I serve Lady Rey!” retorted Sana audaciously. “Oh? And you think she can protect you. But let me tell you something, Sana: Your mistress is a prisoner here. She has no authority whatsoever. The Emperor might be enjoying playing with her now, but soon he will get bored and she will be reduced to the state of the slave she truly are”. Sana gulped painfully. She dreaded such a fate for her own mistress. “Either you start collaborating with me or I will make sure you’ll never see your dear mistress again. Is that understood?” The handmaiden’s shoulders fell in defeat and she nodded shamefully. “You’ll be doing it for her own good”, insisted Hux, deepening the cut. ___________________________________________________ As they walked slowly through the gardens, Rey gently slipped her arm under Sana’s and leaned to whisper discreetly in her ear. Fortunately, an umbrella hid the women from the guards and allowed them to talk without being noticed : “Is something the matter, Sana? - No, My Lady. - Did something happen with General Hux?” The handmaiden’s expression became grave. She has been unusually quite since she had joined her mistress for her daily amble: “I am afraid he knows, My Lady. He knows I have been lying to him. - What happened? - He accused me of hiding information to him and he threatened to remove me from your service if I didn’t prove more cooperative! My Lady, He knows about you and The Emperor!” Panic made Sana’s voice unintentionally louder. Rey patted her servant’s arm comfortingly and turned around to address a seemingly reassuring smile to the guards. “I am sorry, Sana! It is my fault you are in this situation”, Rey’s hushed voice rang however with concern. “No, My Lady”, protested Sana as unshed tears burned her eyes. “It is the general’s fault. He has no right to force me to spy on you. He thinks he can intimidate me, but I will never betray you”. Rey’s lips trembled with emotion. Her servant’s dedication deeply moved her. “Thank you! You don’t know how much your loyalty means to me. Never forget, though, that I am here for you and I won’t allow General Hux to harm you in any way. - I know. I trust you, Lady Rey”. The party reached a footpath bordered by blossoming shrubs whose flowers liberated the most charming perfume. Pink petals danced at their feet as Rey and Sana walked silently, closely followed by the two guards. Another group appeared on the other end of the walkway, essentially composed of blue-skinned men and women in sophisticated apparel. “The Pantorian delegation”, realised Rey. A little blue girl escaped the group. She came running towards Rey and her companions then passed by them to disappear between the bushes. “Raira!” cried out a Pantorian young woman who chased after the child. Without giving it a second though, Rey rushed after the girl, the guards hurrying behind her in alarm. She stopped abruptly when she spotted the kid climbing an enormous tree. The guards then the Pantorian woman soon arrived and they all froze in horror as the little girl pursued her impetuous ascension. “Oh no! Raira!” screamed the young woman in terror. Rey didn’t hesitate. She gathered her skirts and tucked them between her thighs. One of the guards called her name in worry but she ignored him and pulled herself over a tree branch in the most unladylike fashion. Climbing came back to her as naturally as if she never stopped scavenging the massive starships on Jakku . Soon, she was on the same branch as the child. She approached the little Pantorian silently, creeping like a panther, and then snatched her between her arms. “Gotcha!” she exclaimed victoriously as the little beast squirmed to get free. She held her firmly and prudently commenced her descent. When they finally reached the ground, Rey let go of the girl who run to hide behind the Pantorian young woman. “You are in big trouble, little lady!” her guardian reprimanded. Rey realised that a Pantorian man had joined them while she was up in the tree. He was an elegant middle-aged man with piercing eyes. He examined her intently and it made her feel slightly uneasy. “Thank you. You have rescued my little devil of a daughter. She always causes problems, but I am afraid I am unable to go anywhere without her”, he explained. Rey nodded at him in acknowledgement then smiled at little Raira who peered at her curiously from behind her guardian’s skirts. “I am Count Chuchi . I am the nephew of Pantoria’s Chancellor,” the man introduced himself. “This is my daughter, Raira, and her nursemaid, Fuumi . - Nice to meet you. I am Rey. - I know who you are, Master Rey!” Rey blinked in surprise. She was certain she hadn’t met the count before. Besides, calling her “master” was quite audacious, considering that the guards were listening closely to their conversation. Still, he boldly continued: “You are still the brave Jedi who rushes to the rescue of others”. It was intended as a compliment, but Rey’s eyes widened in shock. “I am afraid you are mistaken, Count. I am no longer a Jedi”, she answered bluntly, her voice trembling in anguish. “Excuse me!” she added as she turned around and disappeared between the shrubs with the guards at her feet. When she remerged in the pathway, she found Sana waiting for her. “Let’s head back to the palace”, Rey said to her handmaiden. “Is everything alright, My Lady? - It is just a bit too hot, that’s all”, she lied. However hot the temperature on Naboo, it could never compare to the heat she grew used to in the Jakku’s desert. ___________________________________________________ The lively melodies played by the musicians filled the great hall while the guests feasted on the opulent food splayed all over the crescent-shaped table. “How long do you think it will take before our guests start dancing?” whispered Kylo Ren to General Hux. Hux snorted in amusement. He was quite aware of the Pantorians ’ infamous fondness for dancing. “Isn’t it exactly why the musicians are here? To let the Pantorian indulge in their passion?” the general pointed out. “I am trying to please my guests, general. I don’t want to gain the reputation of being a bad host”. The emperor was in a rare cheerful disposition tonight. Hux smirked at the idea that sex was probably what put him in such a good mood. He ignored that Kylo Ren was actually burning with impatience as he waited for Rey to arrive. When she finally appeared, he stood up, unintentionally getting everyone’s attention. The hall went silent as Rey entered, wearing a deep purple dress and the headpiece that the emperor sent her this morning. The audience stared at her in admiration. Still, she kept her head down and silently walked to the end of the table where she took her usual seat. Kylo Ren nearly forgot to breathe when he noticed that she had the headpiece on. She usually avoided jewellery and he knew that she wore the ornament just to please him. When he slowly sat down again, the music and the chatter resumed around him. He couldn’t stop looking at her. The day had been so long as he waited to see her again. Now that she was here, he only wanted to go to her and take her in his arms. Rey was her docile and quiet self, tonight. She glanced at him from time to time, but as soon as she saw him staring at her, she lowered her eyes shyly. He was so focused on her that he barely noticed his guests’ attempts to start a conversation with him. Hux rolled his eyes. Kylo Ren was terrible at hiding his sentiments, even with a mask on and it was up to the general to entertain the Pantorians while the emperor baldly ogled Lady Rey. “There they go!” laughed Hux when a couple of guests started waltzing in the middle of the great hall. Soon, six other Pantorians stood up and joined the first couple, transforming the great hall into an improvised ballroom. The emperor hated dancing. When he was a child, his mother forced him to learn how to dance and to attend all sorts of parties that bored him to no end. Yet, tonight, he couldn’t help but admire the way his guests twirled gracefully around the room. He was so captivated that he didn’t notice when Count Chuchi went to invite Lady Rey for a dance. “I don’t know how to dance”, confessed Rey to the count who was gallantly presenting her his hand. “You don’t have to. I will guide you!” he encouraged her with a knowing smile. Rey lifted her hand, hesitated, and then offered it to the count. She followed him to the center of the hall as he instructed on the way she had to hold him. He smiled at her comfortingly and started moving them around, guiding her gently with the arm he placed around her waist. Count Chuchi revealed himself a very good dancer and it was easy for Rey to follow the tempo of his confident steps. She let him drag her along in a slow yet entrancing waltz. It was enjoyable, even exhilarating, to feel her feet slide so easily against the floor, to have the room suddenly spiralling around her. “You are a natural, Master Rey”, complimented her the count. “Please, Count, don’t call me like that! - Why? - I am no longer a Jedi Master. - I think you are afraid. - What do you want from me, Count Chuchi ? - Master Rey, my family, my homeworld is forever indebted to the Jedi. I have the upmost respect for you and for all you have accomplished when you were with The Resistance. I do not believe that you have turned the page on your past so easily. - Maybe I have. - I know you don’t have the choice, that you are a prisoner here. But you must know that you are not alone. Many people around the galaxy are ready to help you. - Please, stop!” Rey became agitated. She glanced at Kylo Ren and saw how he watched them fixedly, anger and confusion pouring out of his very being. Yet, the count ignored her distress and whispered in her ear: “You are the last Jedi. You are the proof that The Resistance is still alive”. Rey interrupted their dance and they stood still between the other couples: “You know you are putting us both in danger by saying such things! - I know. However, it is my duty to tell you: there is still hope. You being alive suffices to give us all hope”. She peered directly into his eyes and he saw that she acknowledged his words though she seemed to warn him against saying any more. “Excuse me. I have to go. I am not feeling well”, she said while looking over his shoulder in terror. The count turned to see the threatening figure of the emperor hunching over the table, fists balled in anger and shoulders trembling with tension. Rey all but run towards the exit. __________________________________________________ Rey reached the corridor. She heard the echo Kylo Ren’s unmistakably rough steps. She looked behind her and saw his hulking angry form approaching, his steps far wider and more rapid than hers. She gasped and accelerated her pace in an attempt to get away, but he easily caught her by the arm and pinned her against the wall. She could hear the fury in his modulated voice as he pushed his body against hers: “What did he say to you? - Nothing”, she answered, trying to sound confident but her breathing coming in shallow puffs betrayed her alarm. “Count Chuchi . What did he tell you? - Nothing of importance”. Kylo Ren leaned forward menacingly. “Really? Did he call you Master Rey again like he did earlier in the gardens?” he hummed in her ear. “It doesn’t mean anything to me”, she said with determination. “Rey, you know I am jealous, don’t you? Do you enjoy making me jealous? - No, My Lord. - What does he want? Does he want to take you away from me? Is he trying to convince you to betray me? - You know I wouldn’t , My Lord. - Maybe I should forbid you from talking to anyone. Maybe I should keep you locked into my rooms. Better still, I will make you wear a chain and keep you with me at all time”, he muttered lustfully as he placed his cold mask against her forehead. She shook her head in shock, but her indignation only enflamed him. “Yes! I will put you in a cage, like a beautiful bird. - Caged birds are the saddest creatures in the world!” she sobbed. Rey’s sad words shuttered Kylo Ren’s fantasy. His vision suddenly became disturbing: Rey caged and miserable, all her liveliness and all her colours drained out of her. He breathed deeply, trying to expel the jealousy that tore his insides, then nestled his masked face in the crook of her elegant neck. “Oh Rey! Oh my queen!” he chanted deliriously as he fumbled with her headpiece. They heard gasps and commotion on the other end of the corridor, some servants interrupting their embrace. “Come on”, Kylo Ren roared irascibly, aware that they would keep being interrupted if they stayed there. He took her hand and guided her to a secret entrance that opened for them when he applied his palm against a hidden panel. They found themselves in a secret passage, dimly lit in blue. The muffled sounds coming from the great hall resonated through the walls letting them know that the feast continued after they had left. He sunk to his knees and nuzzled his head against her belly making her gasp in the most enticing way: “I think I am losing my mind”, she confessed and it hit him in the heart like an arrow. "Promise me you won’t leave me, Rey. Promise me you won’t go”, he pleaded while he caressed the fabric that separated him from her sex. “I won’t!” she murmured, caressing his covered face. “I don’t think I can leave you even if I wanted to!” __________________________________________________ The next morning, Kylo Ren showed up at Rey’s rooms. When they saw him come in, the handmaiden jumped in alarm and rushed to leave them alone. “I am leaving for Coruscant”, he said to Rey whose eyes filled with disappointment. “You made me promise you, Last night, to never leave you. - I know. - Yet you are the one who is going away. - I will be back, very soon. I promise you. - You don’t have to. - No! I promise I will return as soon as I can”. A smile brightened Rey’s saddened face. Kylo Ren removed his mask and kissed her fondly. He looked into her eyes with adoration and she blushed at the intensity of his gaze. “I have a gift for you. I am sure you will love it!” he announced joyfully and before she could protest, he opened the door to reveal a familiar little droid. Rey gasped in disbelief as it came into the room. “ Beebee ate? Is that you?” The droid danced around her, chirping enthusiastically. Kylo Ren smiled at them appreciatively as Rey stooped down to have a better look at the excited robot. “But how?” she asked. “He was lucky to be captured by The First Order before The Resistance base was destroyed. He has been kept in low power mode since then. I thought he might be more useful if he kept you company while I am away. - Oh, thank you! Thank you, My Lord! - You are welcome, my queen!” Rey looked at the emperor and for a moment, he couldn’t know if she liked or detested the way he called her. BB- 8’s insisting beeping broke the tension between them. “He is after all the reason why we ever met, in the first place”, recalled Kylo Ren as he donned his mask again. Rey stood up and followed him to the door. She seemed nervous and troubled. “I will miss you”, he confessed in his distorted voice. He placed his gloved hand over her cheek and she leaned in, closing her eyes. It was with great pain that he had to leave her. When the handmaiden came back, Rey introduced them to BB-8. They were instantly charmed by the little ball who kept rolling around their feet and amusing them during the whole day. Lyn seemed particularly fascinated by the droid and, with her mistress’ consent, she stayed longer than her two friends to play further with it. She left late at night, when it became hard for her to retain her yawning. Rey, however, was still fully awake. She listened to BB-8 as he recalled the events of his capture. “Don’t worry, my friend. Soon, we’ll both be free!” she promised with certainty. Notes: I am sorry for the delay, my dear friends. I have no idea why this chapter has been hard to finish. I kept writing and rewriting and editing and re-editing and I never seemed to be satisfied with the result. Still, I think I have to publish it and be done with it so I could move forward with this story. I really hope the result is not too bad and that you will still want to read the upcoming chapters. Happy Christmas and Hanukah, dear readers! Your support is the best gift I could receive. Thank you for the kudos and the wonderful comments you left me in encouragement. Thank you so much! Chapter 8 Summary: Kylo Ren is gone and Rey is tormented by her feelings. Let her tell you what she truly has in her mind. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) I am the emperor’s mistress. Everybody knows, here in the palace, that I am his. I have noticed how they have changed the way they look at me. They used to consider me with feigned indifference or open defiance, but lately, they have become more curious, almost deferent. Rumours run very fast in a crowded place such as this. I have no doubt that the news about Kylo Ren and me spread, like a wave on the water, the instant I entered his rooms, five nights ago. There’s no turning back, now. I keep thinking about the night before he left, when he made promise never to leave him. I complied, too easily, too eagerly to his demand. We made love, in the secret passage, and as he chanted words of devotion in my ear, I felt my desire for him become stronger than my resolve. I wanted to believe him, when he called me his queen, when he said that he was lost without me. I wanted to believe that it was all true, that we were really falling in love. I forgot that such things were impossible for us. We are enemies and we will always be. Our combat carries on. For so long, have we used our lightsabers to face each other. Now, the weapons have changed. Seduction has replaced our sabers and I fear our fight has grown even deadlier. Lightsabers can only hurt your shell. Lust can taint your soul. When I am in his arms, I am his thing. I play the part too well. Why do I feel so fulfilled when I feel his lips against my skin? Why do I feel so complete when he is inside my belly? I offered myself to Kylo Ren. I gave him my body, because I knew it was the price to pay. I expected it to be atrocious and humiliating. Never could I have imagined that the pleasure it would bring me would instead become my greatest torment. It’s been hard since he has left. Harder than I would have imagined. I thought I knew why I was here, but I couldn’t predict that things would get so complicated. I cannot afford to forget why I am here. _____________________________ His absence fills me my days with doubts and melancholy. I feel as troubled as I was during the first weeks after I arrived here. The palace keeps functioning around me, like a well-oiled machine. The staff has been executing its tasks diligently –even fearfully– under the scrutiny of General Hux. Against all odds, he didn’t accompany his master to Coruscant, sparkling the most insistent rumours about a disagreement with the emperor. He has been demanding to meet me, since Kylo Ren has left, and I have had to pretend to be sick to avoid him. He is, I know, a dangerous enemy and I sense my intervention to save the innocent engineer from his fallacious accusations has fueled his animosity towards me. I can no longer indulge in my training sessions nor in my daily walks in the garden because of him and I have little to distract me from my somber thoughts during these long hot days. My handmaidens and BB-8, it is to them that I owe my salvation. They sense my distress and they have been doing all they can to save me from boredom. Tania has been trying to teach me how to dance. Since she heard I’ve danced with Count Chichi, she made it her mission. I am a terrible student but she is a persistent teacher. Some days, we jump and spin around the room for hours like children, careless, free. She makes me forget my predicaments, even for a few moments, and for that I am indebted to her. Lyn has been showing me her drawings. It wasn’t easy to convince her to let me see them. She is too humble. When I tell her how beautiful and touching they are, she blushes and apologises as if she did something wrong. She obviously underestimates her talents. She has no idea how accomplished and sincere her art is. Sana is her usual chatterbox. It is very hard to resist her communicative cheerfulness or her insatiable curiosity. She is an inexhaustible source of news and gossip, although she verges sometimes on the indiscreet. She has been probing to know what happened between Kylo Ren and me, insistently, but even if I prefer to avoid answering her, I couldn’t hold her against her. I trust her and I am aware that her interest is only motivated by her affection for me. Now I have BB-8, too. I never expected to see my dear friend again and was overjoyed to discover that he too survived the war. However, I noticed very quickly that he has changed. The imperial technicians have tempered with him, rendering him less acute and less energetic. They have inhibited some of his capacities and it has become hard for him to memorize things or take decisions. He is rendered more...docile and I can’t help but be reminded of my own condition when I see how he has become. He still is as happy and affectionate as ever, though, and it is been easier to support the dullness of these last days thanks to him and to my three new friends. I remember my old friends, how they gave meaning to my life, how I have lost them. It is for them that I am here. It is for them that I keep living. _____________________________ Today, Sana has disappeared. I was expecting her this morning, but she never came. I assumed, naturally that she had a good reason to be absent. When Lyn showed up later for her duty, I asked her about her friend’s whereabouts, but her paling face indicated that she too ignored what has happened to her. Sana apparently never came back to servants’ quarters, yesterday. Tania and Lyn are used to her spending some nights out but it is against her habits to miss a workday. I sent Lyn to search for her and enquire about her around the palace. Tania joined me to keep me company and to reassure me. She has been barely containing her own worry, but she’s kept inventing explanations she herself doesn’t seem to believe. When Lyn came back alone, her eyes reddened by unshed tears, I was no longer able to hold my distress. I am convinced that General Hux is behind Sana’s disappearance. He wants to lure me out of my hideout and I have no choice but to conform to his cruel strategies. The sun is high in the sky, the temperature is suffocating and I leave my rooms, for the first time in three days. I march towards Hux’s quarters. I have visited them previously on only one occasion, when he invited me to drink tea in his solarium. It feels like an age ago. When I arrive, alone, at the doors of his domain, I ask the dumbfounded soldiers posted there to announce me. He keeps me waiting, intentionally I am aware, and then allows me to come in. He is at his office, this time, surrounded by officers, discussing some nefarious plans, I presume. Perhaps a new weapon he would use to obliterate entire civilisations while he watches and enjoys his disgusting tea. “Where is Sana?” I ask him without any sort of introduction and everyone falls silent around us. “Lady Rey, is there a problem?” he answers me, smirking. “My handmaiden Sana. She has disappeared! You must know where she is!” The officers turn their offended and questioning faces to the general. I know I shouldn’t have confronted him that way, but at this moment, I have not the force nor the desire to pretend. “If you excuse us”, Hux says to his men with a calm that worries me more than his usual nervousness. He steps towards me and signals me to follow him. I obey, though reluctantly and not without a hateful look to his unsympathetic minions. We arrive into another room, a small library, where he invites me to sit with him around a small table. I refuse and insist instead: “What did you do to Sana? - Your handmaiden? Why do you think I have anything to do with her?” he asks, but the satisfied smile he harbours doesn’t leave any doubt in my mind about his responsibility in her vanishing. “You have been harassing her, threatening her to force her to give you information about me. - Oh! So she told you? I should have known”, he snorts and the casual manner he concedes to my accusations make my blood boil into my veins. “Tell me where she is! Is she a prisoner? - A prisoner? No! On the contrary, I am merely offering her a new working opportunity. She is to be transferred to my staff. I don’t think you really need three servants at your service, do you, Lady Rey?” He wants to punish me! He is taking Sana from me. I can’t lose another friend. I won’t allow it. “Is this because I made your plan to condemn an innocent man fail? - Of course not! I cannot afford to keep petty grudges when there are far more important things are at stake. - So what is it? What do you want?” He remains silent, watching me from his seat and savoring my apparent despair. He places his long face over his interwoven fingers and, with a satisfied smile, he offers me an answer I never could have expected: “I want us to start helping each other. I want us to become allies”. In my surprise, my feet take a step back in their own volition. I am utterly stunned by his words. I look at him with wide eyes, my mouth agape. I am unable to formulate a response, nor a thought for that matter. Hux’s intentions seem incomprehensible. “I always knew that you were going to succeed, that you were going to make Ren fall for you”, he tells me and I am surprised to detect admiration in his voice. “You must know how powerful it makes you to be the mistress of the new emperor. - I...I don’t seek power if that is what you think”, I end up retorting, but my voice sounds weak and unconvincing. “Of course not! That’s not the reason you are here”. I sense the hidden sense behind his words and I shiver at the thought he might be aware of the truth. “Rey, we are very similar, you and I. We both are fighters, survivors. We are not born in privilege. We had to make our way in a world that kept proving its cruelty to us. Nothing has never been easy for us, and all we have accomplished is only due to our own merits. “We are both well acquainted with Kylo Ren’s character. He is a passionate man who dedicates himself relentlessly, almost self-destructively, to every task he undertakes. Still, I have rarely seen him so vehement and so visibly infatuated as he is with you. “This can be an incredible opportunity for you Rey. You can gain influence. You could affect the decisions of an emperor. However, if you don’t tread carefully, you could just as easily lose his interest and even his trust. - And you are suggesting to help me, Hux? - I will, if you help me in return. - Will you give me back Sana, if I agree? - Your position as the mistress of an emperor asks for more work and efforts from your servants, I am certain”. We exchange knowing looks. I sense my repugnance for him grow until my stomach hurts, but I force a smile to concretize pact that has been forced upon me. I have no choice, but maybe Hux is right: this is an opportunity. _____________________________ “This is all that remains of the bomb”, General Phasma tells me while opening a large drawer in the armory. My first service to Hux is to help him solve the mystery of the Spring Festival attack. Kylo Ren has apparently been very discontented with his advisor’s inability to track the true perpetuators of the assassination attempt. How desperate the general must be to ask for my assistance. At first, I believed that Hux was the real culprit. Everyone knows of his ambitions, of his envy of Kylo Ren. He is relentless and cruel and his methods tend to be deceitful and fiendish. Still, as he pointed it out to me himself, if his master had any doubt about his innocence, he would be dead by now. As I look at the amalgam of plastic and iron displayed before me, the difficulty of the situation strikes me with full force. “We have tried to reconstruct the model of the bomb. All supposed designs suggest simple parts that can be found easily in stores”, recites Phasma dully, as if she said it too many times before. “Will you be needing the reconstruction documents, Lady Rey?” she adds and her tone becomes more lively when she addresses me. “Not yet, General. I want to try something else before”. She lifts an eyebrow, in interest, and watches me silently as I put my hand over the melted device. Objects never lie. They cannot hide the truth. I have always known how to read them, even before I knew that it was The Force that allowed me to, and I am determined to make this one talk. I close my eyes and let The Force guide me. I dive into the past of this object and I hear the fainted whispers of its past. “This bomb was never intended to kill The Emperor. It is not strong enough”. I feel Phasma gasp next to me, but it doesn’t interrupt my concentration. “Its purpose is not death, it is disorder. Those who made the attack knew The Emperor would survive, but that he would become destabilized. They intended to exploit that. - They?” asks the general as I slowly openmy eyes. “Yes, I am afraid the person who placed this bomb isn’t working alone. I sense the will of many, a nefarious plot”. Phasma seems disrupted by my revelations, almost alarmed. “We have to tell Lord Ren about this”, she whispers, her eyes uncommonly avoiding mine. “This is worse than we thought! - I am afraid so! - Is there any way you could help us further, Lady Rey?” she asks, this time facing me in earnest. “I will try”, I say sincerely. I want to know who attacked Kylo Ren, why they did it. Are they potential allies, or rather even more dangerous fiends? I should never forget why I am here. _____________________________ When I get back to my rooms, Sana is there, waiting for me. I squeeze her into a hug so tight that she squeaks. I examine her face, her arms, to see if she has been harmed in any way, but she seems fine. Her eyes, tough, betray the feelings of guilt and defeat that she carries in her heart. Lyn and Tania join us and they both abandon their usual decorum to jump on their friend and cover her with kisses. “I was only gone for one day!” remarks Sana ironically, but it does nothing to soften the elation of her friends. We all sit down and I encourage her to tell us what has happened to her. As I suspected, Hux’s men went to fetch her after her shift, yesterday, before she could reach the servants’ quarters. They put here in a small room, like a prisoner, without food or water, denied any kind of explanation. As she relates her misadventure, I feel the anger burning my insides. I have feared that my new friends would suffer because of me. I should have never allowed myself to get attached to them. I know that one day my actions will eventually seal their fates. When she finishes her story, Sana notes that she needed a holiday to regain her forces. We all laugh, though our hearts are still saddened by the ordeal she had to go through. When the night comes, Lyn and Tania leave first, offering the opportunity to Sana and me to talk privately. I insist to know if she was alright , if the guards treated her well. “Lady Rey, don’t be upset. I am fine. Thanks to you. - I am so sorry. - Please. You have nothing to be sorry about”. She hesitates then gathers her courage to add: “I only dread the price you had to pay to get me free. - Hux won’t bother you anymore, I promise you”. She looks worried, but refrains from commenting. I hug her one last time, and BB-8 nudges against her calf affectionately before she leaves us, bidding us goodnight. _____________________________ In the middle of night, I wake up, gasping. I have sensed his presence. He is back. As soon as his ship has penetrated the atmosphere of Naboo, I could feel him through The Force. It is frightening and intoxicating at once. I am agitated, unable to find sleep again and for a couple of hours, I wait for him like an enamoured woman awaits her lover. Is that what we are? Lovers? It is a lie. I has always been a lie. I am the one who told the pirates to deliver me to Kylo Ren. I am the one who offered myself to him as a gift. I am a bait. I am a trap. He finally reaches the palace, and I sense him as if he were next to me. He manifests himself through powerful waves that hit me like the ocean on Ach- to . He is not alone. He is accompanied by another force-user whose presence is... dark, malevolent, ominous . I forget the second presence as soon as soon as I relize that Kylo Ren is coming for me. I jump off bed and walk around the room, nervously. BB-8 is alarmed by my behaviour and keeps rolling around my restless feet. I can follow him, through the corridors of the palace. He approaches and my heart beats faster at each of his steps. I face the door and when he comes in my room, I forget how to breathe. His dark imposing figure has haunted my dreams since my lightsaber made me see him. They used to be nightmares, now they are voluptuous visions. I jump between his arms before he says a word. I don’t need to feign my excitement to finally be reunited with him. He laughs and quickly removes his mask to throw it over the bed. We kiss, passionately, desperately. His lips are softer than I remember and their touch ignites a warm feeling in my belly. I feel as if I am falling. I am falling in my own trap. BB-8 is surprised by our behaviour. He runs away to the other room, but we barely notice him. “You were waiting for me”, Kylo Ren whispers against my mouth. “I have been waiting for you since the day you left”, I say to him, the words flowing from my mouth freely. He kisses me again on the mouth, then on the nose, on the cheek, on the ear, on the neck. Little tender pecks that make my heart flutter. “I missed you. I missed you”, he chants and his voice trembles as if he were sad. I take his face between my hands and look into his eyes. I know that I have missed him too. I plead my own heart to let me lose myself into the moment, to let my torment at bay. “Please, let me believe that this is real. I have missed him so. I am so alone”, I tell it, as if I am speaking to the spirits of my departed friends, wary of their disapproval. I feel dizzy, somehow, as if inebriated by his presence. He scans my face in wonderment and I blush under the caress of his gaze. Desire makes my insides shudder oddly, pleasantly. As our mouths meet again, we spin around the room, clumsily trying to reach the bed while we undress each other. We bump against the furniture, but nothing can persuade us to break our embrace. His skin offers itself to my gaze. I let my hands feast on the forms of his muscles. His chest is lean and chiseled like polished stone and I feel hypnotised by the lines of his body. “I thought of you, Rey, all the time. I tried to remember you, the sound of your voice, the taste of your mouth... I wanted to recall your body, hum it like a melody, but my memories can never do you justice”. His words, they enchant me. I want to believe everything he says. I wish this was all true. When we are both freed of our last garments, we lie on my bed. It is too small for both of us and we have to hold each other very tightly to fit in. The room is dark and slightly cold, though his skin against mine feels hot, exquisitely so. His embrace is tender and comforting, but my desire for him grows unsettling. I want more from him and he knows it. I lick his lips and he moans in delight. “You said you missed me!” I tell him impatiently. “Did you miss me too?” That is what he wants: reassurance. Kylo Ren, the powerful new ruler of the galaxy, being so insecure. It amuses me as much as it moves me. “I missed you”, I murmur in the most seductive way before I offer him a kiss that reveals all the longing I have felt for him. We press our bodies against each other until they fit like two parts of a whole. He soon lifts my leg over his hip and I can feel his hard member probing between my thighs. I am ready for him. The anticipation that built to this moment has been tortuous but delectable. He pushes his cock inside me and I yelp in delight. It feels so right, to have him here, stretching me, filling me. Nothing else has sense. “Tell me!” he says in my ear. “How does it feel?” We are both already panting. Our movements are slow and maddening. “It feels good. So good! - Describe it to me. - Mmh! Your sex is hard. It is warm... When you move inside me, I...ah! The pleasure you make me feel is nearly unbearable. It burns…like fire”. My words seem to entice him. With our chests closely pressed against each other, our arms tightly around our backs, he starts to move his pelvis in an exotic way. His kisses become more ardent, his thrusts are fast and unforgiven. I roll my hips erotically and he sighs in my ear. The bed squeaks under the force of our movements. His face is hot and his lips are humid. Beads of sweat roll against the skin of his back. I hold him closer. I feel him all over me and yet he is not close enough. “Oh, my master!” I scream when my reason becomes blurred by passion. “Yes! I am your master. And you are my mistress”. Our screams mixed with the wet noises of our lovemaking produce an obscene melody that fills me with shame and euphoria. I become bold and I grab his ass, marking his toned skin with my nails. He hisses and accelerates his rhythm, his cock slipping in and out of my sopping lips in an unbelievable speed. My body is in flames. I feel lightheaded. I am climbing to the heavens. “Every moment I am away from you is meaningless. Every moment I am not inside of you is meaningless”, I hear him say before I tumble into ecstasy. I float, suspended. For a few seconds that feel like an eternity, I forget who I am. I have no identity, no past. Nothing matters apart from the man who keeps ramming his quivering length between my thighs. “Come! Join me” I invite him, whispering against his temple. I clench my inner muscles around his shaft and he groans in response. He shudders before he explodes with a fearful yelp. We share a moment of absolute bliss. Nothing exists apart from our merged forms. I hear a heartbeat and I cannot determine if it is his or mine. We cling to each other, sharing the moments of intense delight, miserable at the idea to let go of one another. “Why? I don’t want to leave you”, he whines when his member slips out of my folds. “Then don’t leave me”, I reply. “Stay with me”. He sighs and lets his head fall over my chest. I slip my fingers in his hair and play nonchalantly with his locks and he hums in satisfaction. I examine his sweaty face in the darkness. His eyes are closed and a delicate smile is drawn on his lips. He looks so calm, almost fragile. I remember how I have never been able to hate this man. Will I be able to avenge my friends? Will I have the strength to betray him? I stroke his cheek with the back of my wrist and close my eyes slowly. Maybe I am mad. Maybe there is another way. Notes: My dear friends, I am so sorry for the delay, again. I have been quite busy this last two weeks. I have started a new treatment at the hospital and I have to go there every morning. Ah! I'd rather be writing stories! I truly hope you enjoyed your holidays. I myself am just glad that 2016 is behind us! I can't get over the fact we lost our princess Carrie Fisher. She will never be forgotten. This chapter is very different, as you surely noticed. I wanted to expose Rey's point of vue and a first person narration imposed itself. I am very curious to know how you feel about it. Your comments are an inexhaustible source of encouragement and inspiration! Thank you so much for your support! This story has now more than 200 kudos! I am delighted ^_^ Chapter 9 Summary: Rey and Kylo Ren learn to know each other while their relationship is slowly shifting. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The first rays of light delicately draw the contour of his silhouette, the texture of his skin was so soft under her fingertips, his masculine sent floated in the small room and his hot breathed tickled the skin of her throat. Rey’s senses were riveted by his presence as he slept peacefully between her arms. She had never seen him like that, so innocent and insouciant. Despite his imposing figure, he seemed fragile and she had trouble associating him with the violent and power-thirsty creature that was Kylo Ren. “I could kill him now”, the though came to her. “He is at my mercy. It would be so easy”. The idea horrified. She shivered in panic and she placed her hand against his chest searching for his heartbeat as if to convince herself he were still alive. His heart drummed an even pulse under her palm and she sighed in relief, slowly regaining her clam. The line of the horizon took on a lighter shade of blue announcing the impeding sunrise and a dark serenity reigned around the couple. Rey closed her eyes and breathed deeply as she held him closer. She suddenly felt Kylo Ren trembling against her. She looked down at him and saw how his lips and his brow twitched uncontrollably. He kicked his legs, visibly struggling against a nightmare that assaulted him. Rey was overcome by an irrepressible need to help and protect him. She was tempted to dive into his mind and share the vision of his dream, but she feared his reaction and dreaded the darkness she could find there. Instead, she held him closer, his sweat-covered skin cold against her chest. She touched his face, caressed his brow and the sharp line of his cheekbone then she kissed his lips, tenderly, soothingly. “Rey”, she heard him murmur. He remerged from his sleep and slowly opened his eyes to stare at her with a mix of relief and surprise. “You were having a nightmare. - Yes. That always happens. - Always? - It is the price to pay”. His words sounded strange and irrational, his logic still blurred by sleep. Kylo Ren kissed Rey, gratefully, then snuggled his head against her throat. He quickly fell asleep again, unaffected by the nightmare he just had. It was such a common occurrence that he no longer bothered to reflect about the meaning of his dreams. She looked over his shoulder through the window and sighed. The growing brightness of the new day slowly devoured the lingering darkness. The view appeased her and infused some hope in her troubled heart. ____________________________________ Rey woke up to the sound of hushed steps and scrunched fabric. She opened her eyes and saw the touring form of Kylo Ren moving around the room, carefully gathering his clothes and putting them on again. It was already bright outside. Rey sat on the bed and watched Kylo Ren as he dressed up. Even if he noticed her looking at him, they both remained silent. Their eyes met and they smiled awkwardly at each other. The mundanity of the moment felt heavily intimate. As he slipped into his shirt, Rey gathered a sheet and wrapped it around her naked body. She stepped out of the bed and padded towards Kylo Ren. “Let me”, she said. He smiled down at her affectionately as she fumbled with the hooks of his shirt, amused by the serious and concentrated look on her face. When she closed them all, he took her hand in his and she slowly rose her gaze until she met his. He lifted her arm and spun her around to face the mirror of the small vanity that rested against the wall. The skin of her nappe came to life under the touch of his fingertips and she gasped at the sensation of his voluptuous lips brushing her ear. “Look how beautiful you are”, he murmured, his voice dripping with want and adoration. Rey opened her eyes and saw her reflection, Kylo Ren lurking behind her and dominating her petite figure. His eyes fixated her and she trembled at the intensity of the passion she read in them. She noticed how much he struggled to remain gentle while he placed his trembling hands over her shoulder. He gritted his teeth and his members tremored with impatience. “Are you mine, Rey?” She looked at his image, languorously flapping her eyelids. Her lips parted but no sound came out of them. She longed to taste his lips, his pale skin that gleamed in the morning light. She was completely under his spell. “You are mine. And now that I have you, I will never let you go. Never!” He clenched her shoulders so tightly that she couldn’t hold the desperate yelp that stumbled from her quivering lips. He kissed her throat and his mouth was voracious, sucking at her pulse point, biting and branding her irremediably. Rey watched as the wet marks were imprinted on her skin and she felt at once helpless and excited by his fierce possessiveness. Her hips swayed, her movements languid as if she was inebriated, and Kylo Ren drank her sight like nectar. He tugged at the hem of the sheet that covered her and let it fall slowly, licking and devouring every portion of her skin that was revealed to him. The fabric clung to the swell of her chest and he pushed it with the back of his hand as if he were chasing an annoying insect. As the sheet pooled around Rey’s feet, Kylo Ren’s eyes widened. The vision of her exposed body thrilled him. He took her breasts in his hands and although his skin was cold, his touch burned like fire. A hissing sound came out of her mouth, she threw her head back against his firm chest and dug her nails in his thighs, only to entice him to tighten his grip around her tender mounds. He moved his hands in a lazy circular motion and he felt her nipples hardening slowly and agreeably into the crook of his palms. He watched her in the mirror as she rubbed her thighs and bit her lips, desperately trying to contain the moans that he so yearned to hear. “Yes! Your body cannot lie to me”, he whispered in her ear before biting her lobe. He took one nipple between his thumb and index, twisted it and pulled it, to provoke her, his lips twitching in dark pleasure. Rey suddenly turned around in his arms, persisting impudently in her silence, looking at him with a mix of desire and mischief. She lowered her eyes shyly, took one of her breasts in her hands and lifted it to present to him, like an offering. He examined it with a deep frown, wetting his lips and hesitating between teasing her and accepting her invitation. Both perspectives made his insides twitch with excitement. The choice was easy to make. He crooked his neck and took her tit into his mouth. Her sensitive skin felt so delicate and tender between his lips. He sucked her nipple and grazed his sharp teeth against it, making her tremble and whimper in pleasure. The slowness of his actions combined with his warm and wet mouth made her delirious with want. Kylo Ren looked up and they gazed into each other’s eyes. The intensity of their stare only heightened the erotic feeling of their touch. With an echoing growl, he took her mound deeper in his mouth and suckled without restrain, deliberately ignoring the desperate yelps escaping her lips. Her hips shook violently and she felt the ground falling away under her feet. He pushed her against the vanity and she somehow lifted herself to sit over it. Flasks and boxes fell on the floor, crushing, rolling and causing an awful din, but they didn’t pay them any attention. The world could have crumbled around them and they wouldn’t be able to let go of each other. Rey tried to undress her lover, but he wouldn’t let her. Instead, he slipped his hand under her knee and lifted her leg to put her foot over the vanity. Her sex unfolded like a flower and a furious blush spread over her cheeks. She averted her eyes, but he grabbed her chin and forced her to look back at him. “No, Rey! Don’t be embarrassed. You are so beautiful. You are so powerful. - …Powerful?” She asked wistfully. “What power do I have when I am prisoner? - You are more than a prisoner, Rey, and you know it. Can a prisoner have an emperor kneel before them?” Rey gasped in surprise as Kylo Ren sat on his knees in front of her. He admired her while she softly pushed away the locks of hair that fell over his forehead, a delicate smile creping onto her lips. “No. You are much more than that”. He kissed her lower lips, slowly, savouring her taste and the delicious sound of her voice as her screams filled the small room. His tongue slid against her folds then plunged into her entrance, the smooth skin of her inner thigh shaking against his cheek. He marveled at the discovery of her warm inner flesh and the way it pulsated with life. Instead of embarrassed, Rey felt pure. Instead of guilty, she felt free and light. The pleasure that escalated in her was like a path she followed to reach a state of liberation and when she peaked, it was blissful. She felt happy. Happy. She looked down at Kylo Ren while he licked his lips eagerly awaiting her reaction. He was right. Suddenly, she grasped the extent of the power she had over him. She placed her hands over his head, as if to bless him and he leaned in. The moment felt utterly spiritual. A truth floated in the air, the force of the feelings that grew in their hearts. “I should go”, he said, effectively breaking the spell. Rey withdrew her hands and allowed him to stand up. She watched him as he stooped to pick his mask off the floor where it rested. “Why do you still wear a mask?” he heard her ask, a bit timidly. He turned to face her and tilted his head, astounded by such an unexpected question. He considered lying to her, giving her an invented reason, but somehow, he felt compelled to confide in her: “Because I need it”. - You need it? - Yes...to be completely Kylo Ren”. He seemed nervous, somehow annoyed and she daren’t ask him to explain, though the look of confusion on her face enticed him to continue: “It is a symbol. It gives me strength, Rey. It helps me fulfill my role. - What role? - The role of the emperor! The one who has no fear, no doubts and who is prepared to do whatever it takes to make the world a better place. Whatever it takes!” His voice rose menacingly and his words lingered between them. Still, Rey didn’t seem intimidated by him. Even though his nostrils flared in anger, she stepped closer to him, wrapped her hands around his neck then murmured in his ear: “I don’t think you need a mask to be strong. Besides, I like it better when I can see your eyes”. Her words suppressed his anger as water puts out a fire. She kissed his temple innocently and drew random patterns against his face with the tip of her little nose. ____________________________________ “What will happen to Lady Rey?” said Lyn, yet again, to Tania who shared her bed in the servants’ dormitory. They spoke in hushed voices, but Sana could clearly distinguish their words from the opposite bed. “Lyn! It is not our place to worry about her. Besides, I trust her. She is stronger that she seems”, Tania tried to comfort her. “I know she is... But , The Emperor…he is unpredictable. He is mad! - Hush! What if someone hears you? Don’t forget he is our master. - Everyone knows he is mad! How can you ignore what is happening around us? Haven’t you heard what happened in Coruscant? - It is none of our business… - But it is! It is! You don’t understand, Tania. He sees people like pawns in a game. Our mistress is just a plaything for him. - You are getting carried away. You have to trust her. Everything will be alright”. Tania pulled Lyn between her arms and kissed her forehead fondly to chase away her worries, as a loving mother would do to her child. She shared her younger friend’s concerns, but she had made it her duty to remain always calm and reasonable to support her young fellow handmaidens. Sana stayed awake long after her two friends have surrendered to sleep. Her arrest by General Hux has affected her more deeply than they could have suspected. Something has changed in her. She was a servant, but she could no longer bear to be a victim. A spark of rebellion was born in her and she decided to fight Hux with the same weapons he used. He once tried to persuade her to become a spy and it was exactly what she intended to do. She considered it the only way for her to protect her friends and her beloved mistress. Lately, she became attentive to the gossip around her. She discreetly enquired about the latest political news and she discovered that the soldiers could prove very talkative when she exploited her irresistible Twi’lek charms to loosen their tongues. She despised them. She hated the way they stared at her, their excitement and desire barely concealed. Still, they were a valuable source of information. Sana was playing a dangerous game, but she could no longer be passive. When sleep finally came to her, her thoughts became unorganised and she dreamt of a world free of the influence of men like Hux or the emperor. ___________________________________________________ Hux’s excitement to meet Kylo Ren and start planning the invasion of the Outer Rims Territories was tainted by the presence of Io Ren in the war room. “The Senate is officially supporting an invasion of the Outer Rim Territories, then?” asked the general coolly. “Yes. The senators will pass an official vote in a few days”, confirmed Kylo Ren. “Hux, you have already met Io Ren?” The knight and the general nodded at each other with polite detachment. Yet, a palpable tension filled the air and they regarded each other with circumspection. As he sat with the emperor and his knight, Hux considered the irony of the situation. It had been his idea to use the Spring Festival attack to pressure the senate. Yet, Io Ren got all the praise after she arrested Senator Sooro for high treason. “I heard the arrest of Senator Sooro went well”, commented Hux. “Indeed. The senators thought they could resist me, but the capture of Sooro proved to them that none is immune to my power”. Hux realised that it would be very hard to get rid of Io Ren. She had done an impeccable job gathering enough evidence to justify the politician’s arrest and pave the way for the upcoming invasion. Besides, she had an irreproachable reputation and her invaluable understanding of politics and her cold calculative mind made her an excellent tactician. Like Kylo Ren, Io was of a noble extraction and despised her origins. Her family counted many republican senators and two of her three brothers sieged at the senate when the New Republic was obliterated at the very hands of General Hux. She however never openly sought to avenge them. She was known for her pragmatism. When Snoke assigned Kylo Ren to be the Master of the Knights of Ren instead of her, she accepted him as her new leader without expressing any objection. She obeyed to him, in every way, and he deeply respected her for that. “Any news from Ryloth? I hear Solon Ren and Kinga Ren are having trouble with the local population. Are they still trying to develop a local militia to fight the crime lords’ influence?” Hux asked. His question was nothing but innocent. It amused him to point out the inability of the Knights of Ren to succeed in their task. “It is of no importance now”, replied Kylo Ren in annoyance while Io Ren listened quietly, perfectly emotionless. “Ryloth will soon fall under our control and its habitants will eventually realise that they have to submit to the empire for their own good. - Are the knights to be called back to Naboo now that their mission has proven unsuccessful? - They are still useful where they are”, said the emperor and his cryptic answer troubled Hux. A satisfied smile appeared on Io Ren’s lips then she turned her attention to the officers who came into the war room. Hux knew that under her detached and calm exterior, she was an implacable opponent. ____________________________________ Ion Ren found Naboo vain and slightly aggravating. It reminded her of her own home world, Gatalenta , with its lazy rhythm, its worry-free habitants and their extravagant customs. Besides, the hot climate of the planet put her usually imperturbable nature to test. After the reunion with Kylo Ren and his officers to discuss the strategies of the upcoming war, she decided to take some time to exercise. She preferred the outdoors to the confined space of the training rooms and she found a particularly suitable spot in the gardens to practice her techniques. She was an accomplished warrior. She excelled at fencing but also at archery that she practiced for her mere pleasure. It allowed her to relax and sharpen her concentration. As she placed the arrow against the bow, in this hot bight afternoon, she sensed the presence of another Force-user in the gardens. She knew it was the Jedi. She had already felt the same Force-signature the previous night, as soon as she sat foot in Naboo. She knew her name. She knew her reputation. Rey was responsible of the death of two Knights of Ren and had been Kylo Ren’s implacable enemy during the war. Io wasn’t surprised to discover how powerful Rey’s Force-signature turned out to be, though it still fascinated her. She patiently waited until Rey and her escort would be close enough to see her and she skillfully shot the arrow, certain that it would catch their attention. It hit the mark, impeccably. She turned around and faced the small group. “Lady Rey”, she saluted in her deep voice. Rey nodded her head slightly in acknowledgement. She seemed impressed by the knight’s skills. “Allow me to introduce myself. I am Io Ren, of the Knights of Ren”. Rey’s expression darkened at once. She became tense, but the knight seemed undisturbed and continued calmly: “We didn’t have the opportunity to meet during the war, but now that we have achieved peace, we can finally be acquainted on other circumstances than on a battlefield”. Two guards and a green-skinned Twi’lek accompanied Rey. Io kept examining the handmaiden with interest and the servant stared back at her impudently, unconscious of the growing excitement it elicited in the knight. Io Ren brought her attention back to Rey. “May I walk with you?” asked Io, completely ignoring the guards who twitched nervously beside Rey. The young Jedi agreed, although reluctantly, and Io Ren joined the little group in their daily stroll. Rey looked at the knight discreetly. Io Ren was in her early forties. Her slim figure and her exceptional height gave her an intimidating and yet graceful aspect. She had a small face with perfectly shaped features and a long blond head of hair that accentuated the coldness of her beauty. She walked, tranquilly next to Rey, swaying her hips femininely in a way that made it hard to believe she was actually a warrior. However, her expression remained unsettlingly impassive and darkness emanated from her. “Naboo is a beautiful planet. The palace is an architectural marvel. It is very quiet, however. Don’t you think?” said Io Ren after a long silence. “Yes, it usually is”, replied Rey monotonously, unwilling to engage in such small talk. “You are a warrior, Lady Rey. How do you bear such stillness?” Rey’s pout betrayed the mix of confusion and exasperation that dwelled into her mind. “I am no longer a warrior”, she said eventually. “Is that so? What a waste!” Rey suddenly stopped and Io Ren asked her in a voice that carried no mockery: “Have I offended you? - No. - Lady Rey, you might doubt my sincerity, but I think that you are too skilled and your power is too strong to be neglected”. Io Ren’s words sounded so earnest that they shocked Rey. The two women fell silent and they quietly continued their walk as a refreshing wind blew through the trees. When they reached the gates of the palace, Rey bid the knight farewell. “I am looking forward to meet you again, Lady Rey”, replied Io Ren before taking her leave. Rey suspected malevolence under Io Ren’s refined manners. She watched as the knight walked away and wondered about the true meaning behind Io Ren’s unsettling words. ___________________________________________________ That night, Rey expected Kylo Ren to call for her or come visit her, but it was already late and she didn’t receive any word from him. Instead of disappointed, she decided to put the time that was offered to her to good use. Indeed, the night was often her only refuge. When her handmaidens would retire and the palace would go to sleep, she could shake off the Lady Rey persona and become herself again. Rey picked a hairpin in her the jewellery box, slipped it between her lips and twisted it with her teeth. When she stooped and presented it to him, BB-8 rolled away from her, confused by her intentions. “Don’t worry BB-8. I want to help you. I just need you to go on Low-power mode for a few minutes”. The small orange and white droid beeped in surprise: “Do you intend to open me? - Yes”, she laughed. “But only to have a look. I promise I won’t alter any of your circuits”. BB-8 was still shaken by his capture and by the modifications he had been subjected to. He hesitated then rolled towards her again before his lights dimmed and he stood perfectly still. She sat on her knees and patted the robot’s head in recognition of his trust. With her fingers, Rey searched for panel that would let her access his internal circuits. Using the hairpin, she methodically loosened the screws then carefully removed the piece of metal to reveal the hidden mechanisms of her astromech friend. She wasn’t naïve. She knew that BB-8 could have been bugged, but she didn’t care. She could no longer bear to see him this diminished and she needed to know what the imperial engineers had done to him. The early hours of the morning were the only moments that Rey was allowed to be herself. She always woke up at the sunrise and she made the most of her time to set her ideas straight and accomplish whatever task she couldn’t let her handmaidens know about. As she suspected, BB-8 was missing some components and a few wires have been tampered with, though it was nothing irremediable . If only she could have access to some spare parts, she would be perfectly able to fix him and restore his former personality. Rey fixated the plaque back and waited for the rounded droid to start up again. “Rey! How nice to see you! It has been so long!” the little robot chirped when he saw her face. His altered memory was no longer reliable. “It is nice to see you too, Beebee Ate”, she replied with an earnest smile that revealed her dimples. It only saddened her to see him be like that, a shadow of his former self. She remembered the first time they met, back in Jakku. He was a true fighter, a hero of the Resistance, full of courage and resolve. He trusted her then and she still felt compelled to help him. “I will help you, my friend! Whatever it takes”, she promised, determination burning in her eyes, and he beeped cheerfully in response. Notes: Dear readers, I have missed you a lot! Thank you so much for your support and your wonderful comments (oh! I love them!). I am feeling a bit nervous about this particular chapter. I felt I had to pave the way for some upcoming events, but I hope that it doesn't turn out redundant and boring to read. As always, I welcome all your opinions. Thank you for reading and I love you!