Introduction It is 35ABY: Luke Skywalker has finally returned to his place in the resistance, but all is not over. In a desperate attempt to avoid the first order, Luke led Leia, Chewbacca, Rey, Finn, Poe and a handful of resistance members to Naboo, following a hint from the force. There they find a Jedi order, built from the ashes of Luke's academy, led by a cloaked grandmaster under an alias. Luke knows he shouldn't concern himself over her identity, a trivial matter, but he can't shake the feeling that he's known her before. Chapter 2 : Identities Summary: "I don't know who you are anymore, commander." - Koth Vortena, Star Wars: The Old Republic "I don't know who you are anymore, commander." - Koth Vortena, Star Wars: The Old Republic The chaotic nature of the bridge - of what Resistance ship Luke cannot recall - was a constant, aching, searing, burning reminder of where he is, what he had agreed to do. In the heat of the moment he'd accepted Rey's offer of going back, back to the memories (good and bad, of course), back to the pain, back to the chaos, the heat, the temptation and, most of all, the war. The never ending, eternal war, interlude with brief periods of peace to allow everyone's guards to drop, for them to forget the true burdens of conflict. From the Sith Empire against The Old Republic to the First Order versus The Resistance, the one war only changed shape, changed sides, changed ideologies, but it was always there, influencing every decision, negotiation, relationship. It was always a threat, hovering in the back of everyone's minds as they allow themselves to enjoy the brief period of peace gifted to them. Standing here reminded him of the wrong choices he'd made in the blinding mists of the dark side, clouding his judgement. He should've noticed Kylo Ren earlier, what his corrupted memory of his grandfather was doing to him, should've told Ben the real, stinging, harsh truth of what Anakin was really like, what he'd really done - tortured his daughter, dismembered his son, destroyed his daughter's adoptive family, killed his son's guardians, killed children to "save" his own. Instead he'd told him the sugar-coated, happy (almost), watered down version. Why?! - Luke should've known, and for these failures, for the loss of his children, for the deaths of his students, for the state of the galaxy, he now blamed himself. He swears now to tell Rey the absolute truth, lest she fall down the same dark path as her cousin, her grandfather and - almost - her father. Luke knows he can't hold her back, or shield her from the corruption, pain and fire, so he told her anything and everything. No walls would split him from his daughter this time, not when that had been the downfall of so many Skywalkers before her. He knows where Rey is now, having told her to bypass the bridge and head straight for the residential sector, to pick up Poe and Finn from their shared quarters (they'd gone public a few weeks ago). He doesn't want his daughter (if he can even call her that, he wonders, due to his aching absence for most of her childhood, and even adulthood. She seems to have accepted it with open arms, but it Luke is honest, he doesn't trust himself with her, not after his inability to save his nephew) to have to see her father, the one she'd been longing to know for most of her life as is familiar to Luke, in this state, lest she see the true weakness of him. So he stands, alone, not for the first time. The aching emptiness is almost common to him - the years (how many he'd lost count) spent alone, wishing for impossible futures, and desperately hoping for his remaining daughter to be able to finish what he'd started. The years he'd spent without even Force ghosts to keep him company, the Force desolate like the island Luke called his home for far too long. It had been his choice to go into his self-exile, but that never did anything to heal his broken mind. He never even found out how many survived - the only definite was Rey. What about his elder daughter, Nadiya, or Rey's twin brother Kurs? How many of his students had been slain at the hands of one of their own? How many had his mistakes killed, destroyed, ruined? Statistics given to him upon his return to the Resistance had been approximate, nobody able to retrieve any bodies in the chaos. Nobody was given a true pyre, a memorial to their lives and consequent deaths. This failure hurt more than ever - he'd failed them in not only life but also death. For all he knows, Nadiya, Kurs or any of the Jedi could be out there, having escaped, and he'd never know. He'll never know the true fate of his children, let alone his wife, let alone the other students. He'd lost them all as far as he knew, lost Han and is so afraid of losing Leia too - he knows these thoughts are of the dark, but can't help them. He wonders if this is how his father had felt, so hopeless, so unable to bear the weight of the responsibility placed on his shoulders. "We all have darkness in us" he reminds himself, turning his head slightly to glance at is twin, who is joining him on the bridge "even the purest of souls." "Luke." "Leia." The greeting is painfully formal, the obvious rift between them shown in their interactions. Luke is aware that she probably blames him for the events of the past, though most likely subconsciously. She knows that Luke, like herself, like Han (she internally winces) could not save him, could not stop the repeating cycle of war and 'peace', but, like her brother does, she entertains the thoughts. The bridge's chaos restarts, almost ignored in the depths of Luke's mind, like surfacing from water to a clone wars battle going on above him. The strength of the sound almost knocks him over, the sudden noise pounding in on his mind. Throughout the chaos he can hear his sister tell him that there is no chance (to which they are painfully reminded of Han's almost catchphrase "don't tell me the odds!") that the battle raging around them will go in their favour. He knows what this means, retreat of course, but the main question was where? In the surrounding systems, their only ally is Naboo, and even then they can't just land and lead the First Order straight to a peaceful planet full of defenceless citizens. But of course, the Force has a mind of its own - "go to Naboo", it tells him. "The fleet can jump, and you can take a shuttle down. Take your sister, some troops, your daughter and her friends." He turns to Leia, sighing as he listens to the eternal guide. "Naboo." He tells her, and the Force almost smiles with approval. "You might find more there than you can imagine."