Day 1 "I told you it was a bad idea to move in during the winter. We always get a bunch of freak snowstorms like this." Yuuri said very matter-of-factly, walking slowly up the front steps to their new home with two boxes in his arms. Viktor had insisted on moving in close to the holidays, so they could impress his family with 'the best damn Christmas party they've ever attended'. Yuuri had tried to protest, reminding him that his family usually hosted their own Christmas parties, but there was no arguing with Viktor's crystal blue, puppy-dog eyes. Now he was the one grumbling and swearing in Russian under his breath, insisting that he had never seen snow this deep. "At least we're not doing it all on our own." Yuuri reminded the cranky skater, rolling his eyes at Phichit, who stood in the doorway with a smirk, receiving the boxes from Yuuri's arms and setting them on the floor inside the apartment. They'd set up a sort of chain of men passing boxes from one to another, leading from the moving van to the front door. After three and a half of the longest hours they'd ever experienced, the couple's furniture and personal items had all been moved inside, scattered about, most piled up near the front door. Viktor called Makkachin, who was having a lovely time chasing a lone leaf around in the snow, to come inside with him, a long sigh escaping his lips in a puff of steam. Yuuri followed him up the steps, waving goodbye to the friends who had helped them and closing the door, sealing off the frosty air outside. He unwound his scarf and stuffed it inside the sleeve of his coat, hanging it up and kicking off his boots caked with slush. He laughed at his partner, who had dragged out a large sleeping mat only to collapse onto it melodramatically. “So… tired…” he whined, “that was the worst, Yuuri.” Yuuri rolled his eyes, lowering himself onto the mat beside his silver-haired lover. “It was your idea, may I remind you.” He replied, arching an eyebrow in judgement. He laid back on his elbows, glancing down at Viktor and smiling. Even when Viktor was being overdramatic (which was often), Yuuri couldn't help but dwell on how cute he was with wind-chapped cheeks and mussed hair from his hat. “I'm in no state to unpack, my dear,” Viktor groaned, touching his forehead with the back of his hand theatrically, “I say we plug in the electric blanket and watch Christmas movies for the rest of the night.” His eyes were closed to add to his act, but Yuuri caught him peek out from his eyelashes to gauge his reaction to the proposition. The younger male laughed, rolling onto his side and pressing a quick peck to his temple. “Is that a yes?” Viktor asked hopefully, peering up at the other. “Yes. I would never pass that up.” Yuuri responded with a chuckle, crawling over to dig through a few boxes before pulling out an electric blanket big enough to generously cover the both of them (plus Makkachin). Viktor's eyes sparkled and he stretched over his head to plug in the duvet, sighing with pleasure and snuggling deep into it. Yuuri retrieved his laptop from his bag nearby, falling back onto the mat and opening up a movie they'd watched together the previous year, as sort of a memento to the growth in their relationship. He tugged the blanket over them both and settled into the spot between Viktor's shoulder and chest where he seemed to fit so perfectly, smiling peacefully as their poodle curled up over their legs. And so they stayed like that for hours, surrounded by their new environment for the time being, almost protected by their wall of boxes. “You know what, I take it back.” Yuuri hummed quietly, glancing up at the other. Viktor raised an eyebrow, puzzled, absently fluffing up Yuuri's thick hair with his fingers. “I'm glad we moved in today. If we hadn't, I wouldn't have this.” He gestured to their position with a slight smile. Viktor's expression softened and he kissed his partner gently, resuming their movie without a word.