Well Hello Handsome The sound of seagulls and waves breaching fill the salty air as ships of different varieties come and go from the docks. A family disembarks from one of the large steamships; father, mother and son. A young man walks behind his parents, lugging several of their suitcases and towing a large chest. "Port of Portland" his mother reads a nearby sign, "Quite catchy sounding, don't you think dear?" She laughs brightly, the sound immediately being carried off by the sea breeze. "Catchy or not," his father huffs, struggling with a few bags himself, "I picked this port because it is the least distance from Europe. Any extra time spent at sea would be impractical." The youth rolls his eyes at his fathers calculative answer, the gesture unseen by the callous man ahead of him. "Ah, there's our driver. Come along Armitage." He responds with a clipped 'yes father', his head swiveling back and forth to take in the scenery as his family takes their first steps on American soil. "The first thing I must do when we arrive is to prepare my study." The older man states flatly. His wife frowns a bit, looking over to see her son staring out of the car window. "After that," she pipes up, trying to draw his attention, "Perhaps the two of you could go and purchase your vehicles together." Both men give nearly identical non-committal grunts, and the woman can't help but smile in amusement. Their driver's car rolls steadily through downtown Portland, passing many different buildings. Back in their country home in England, Armitage had never seen such tall edifices, and his eyes flicker about, trying to soak up every inch of the city around him. "Perhaps, once we finish unpacking of course, I could also take a stroll around town." Both of his parents seem weary of letting him wander around in a strange new place, but he is an adult, so they simply nod, knowing there's nothing they can really do to stop him. "Well," His mother once again breaks the car ride's silence, "I think that we will be very happy here in Maine." With that, the Hux family pull into the drive way of their estate, which they hope they'll soon be able to call a home. A few days later, a group of women meet up at their usual diner both. They've been coming to Mel's Diner since they were little, and even now in their early twenties, they still meet every Friday to gossip and chat. "I heard Mandy and Adam are expecting." One voice says. "Out of wedlock?! But her father's the pastor !" Another gasps. "Who knows, maybe they'll elope. Mindy was always a bit fast if you ask me." A chorus of dramatic shrieks and laughs echo from the booth. The girls move on to several other trivial topics, until they get to juiciest one of the day. "So, have any of you chicks seen the rich new family that into that mansion on Chadwick Street?" Laury Keno, the snobby blonde in the group asks. "I heard they came here from England." Heather-Anne Jeffers chimes in, her brown curls bobbing as she leans forward in her seat. "What about you Dee, have you them at all around town?" The young woman has been sitting silently until then, visibly bored of her girlfriends' endless chatter, but enjoying the company and her caramel shake nonetheless. "No one's seen 'em since they moved in." She mutters, "But my father says that their last name is Hux and that they are ridiculously wealthy." The girls let out a couple 'ooh's before giggling. "Well, I heard the couple have a kid, a little boy" Tammy Owen's high voice adds, her chubby fingers plucking another french fry from her plate. Suddenly, the tiny bell above the diner door tinkles, announcing a new customer's arrival. "That doesn't look like a 'little boy' to me." Laury whispers with a smirk, causing the other three to peek around the booth seat to see whom she is referring to. The tall stranger strides confidently towards the breakfast bar, taking a seat on one of the adjacent bar stools. "Do you think that's him?" Tammy gasps, wide-eyed. "Well you don't many redheaded fellas walking around town so I'd guess yeah." Dee snarks, loudly slurping at the last of her milkshake. She seems nonchalant, but her eyes haven't moved from examining his fiery locks. The group remains quiet as they size-up the mysterious foreigner from across the restaurant. "He's dressed like he's going to church." Heather-Anne snickers. The other girls nod; his suit jacket and dress pants are a bit formal for lunch at a diner. the four sets of eyes focus again as a blonde haired waitress comes up to him behind the counter. "Coffee for ya' honey?" She asks with a flirtatious smile. "No thank you, just some hot water would be great." His deep voice travels through the air like a song. The waitress is clearly confused, but nods anyways before going back to the kitchen. "Hot water? Now what kind of an order is that?" Tammy mutters, popping two more fries into her mouth. "Maybe he's watching his weight." Dee teases, poking her friend in the side playfully. "Oh go take a hike." Tammy chuckles, pushing back her back a bit. "Would you listen to that accent though." Heather-Anne says, barely holding back a dreamy sigh. The Laury and Tammy quickly agree, but the fourth woman remains focused on the figure at the bar. "Alright ladies," She finally speaks, "Not that I don't love talking about which girls from high school got fat in college, but I think I'm gonna have to split." "What?" Laury protests, eyes narrowing. "Tell me you're not going over to talk to him." But the woman has already gotten up and is brushing her hands over her skirt as she approaches the counter. The young lady takes her new seat at the bar, two over from the orange-haired stranger. Her yellow shoes slide one over the other as she crosses her ankles innocently, looking down as the waitress reappears. "Here's your water, hun." She says to the man, placing the steaming mug in front of him. Dee glances over curiously as the man produces a teabag from inside of his dress coat. After dipping it a few times, he adds cream and sugar from the counter. "You know we have tea here in America too." Dee smirks, her eyes flicking up to meet his. She can't help the catch in her breath as she takes in his kind of green, kind of blue irises. Hus expression is kind as he looks over at her. "Oh I'm well aware of that." He replies softly. "It's just that I like my tea a very specific way." "Makes sense." she nods her understanding. "So, what brings you here, fancy pants?" He looks down at his outfit, unsure of how to answer. "If you're asking what brings me to America, my father moved us here for business reasons. If you mean here specifically, I was just exploring the city and thought I'd take a break at the first restaurant I could find." His explanation paired with his accent make him sound very proper. Dee likes the way his syllables flow so smoothly from his rosy lips. "Well, you know I believe ya because only a foreigner would willingly set foot in this dump." She says jokingly. "I heard that!" Mel, the owner, yells from his spot behind the grill. "You know I love ya Melvin!" She calls back, hearing the old man's laugh before turning her attention back to the one in beside her. "You know..." She begins slowly, "If you want someone to show you around, I've nothing interesting doing today." His eyes widen in surprise. "You don't have to do that." He says hesitantly. "Of course I don't! But I want to and that's why I offered." She gives him a sly half-smile, which he returns with a slightly confused one. "Well if it's no trouble, then I accept." He nods stiffly. The woman smiles, thrusting a hand out in front of her for him to shake. "Nice to meet ya, my friends call me Dee." To her amusement, the man grasps her hand delicately as he brings his lips down to her knuckles. "Armitage Hux. pleased to make your acquaintance, Dee." Chapter 2 : New to Me Notes: This is so late, I am just the queen of procrastination. I apologize for that and also I think the beginning of this chapter is a bit shaky, that's why it took me so long to publish it. Hope you like it at least. Hux can't help but stare at Dee while she pays for her milkshake. This odd, outspoken woman with an unfamiliar bounce to her words. He thinks she sounds like one of those reporters he's heard on the radio, all sly and to-the-point. Dee, meanwhile, can feel her girlfriends' enraptured glares burning into her back as she thanks the cashier, returning to the spot where Hux is waiting. He finished his tea quickly, and fixes his coat with a tug as he stands. "So, where do you wanna go next, Slick?" She asks him as they step out into the bright afternoon. He held the door for her, making her smirk sheepishly. "I'm not quite sure." he admits, ""What kind of things do city people do for fun?" "I'm glad you asked, my tea sippin' friend." Dee smiles, "There's a long list of things for bored twenty-somethings to do here in Portland." She grabs his hand, tugging him along before he has time to react. "Have you ever been to a roller rink?" "No, but it sounds interesting." He replies, his long legs barely helping him keep up with her hurried pace as they walk down the street. "I'd take you there now but..." She stops, pivoting to give him a quick once-over. "You can't go dressed like that. Don't you own anything non-formal?" For the second time today the man looks down at his suit. "Everyone dresses like this where I used to live." he says defensively, "I don't have any of your 'Modern everyday American' attire." She giggles at his tone. "Well I guess you'll just have to do some shopping before I can bring you anywhere really hip." He likes her laugh, the soft tinkling of it is warm in his ears. "Only if my guide goes with me." He responds shyly. The two youths stroll side by side through downtown Portland, Dee occasionally stopping to point out a building or statue and give a brief explanation.The mid-June sun hangs high in the sky, encouraging the new friends to wander into a park after they finish touring the city. Their idle chitchat fades as they both take in the greenery surrounding them. Dee's eyes drift up to her walking partner. The sun's rays shimmer against his hair, reminding her of the soft flames of a fireplace. His previously ivory cheeks and nose are now tinged pink with the beginnings of a sunburn and she smiles, suddenly wanting to visit the beach with him. Dee is so entranced, she doesn't see that there is a small dip in the path. Her foot catches, and she gasps in surprise as she tumbles forwards. Suddenly two large hands are around her waist, saving her from what would have been a nasty fall. "That was close." She whispers, her voice failing as she looks back up at Hux. "Are you alright?" He asks, his heart rate accelerating as he gazes down at the woman in his arms. Her face is perfectly illuminated by sunlight, a lock of her hair falling on her forehead, her red painted lips parted slightly. They remain frozen in the warm day for a moment, eyes locked on each other, until a few children run by, breaking their spell. Hux releases Dee, looking down at his watch as he attempts to calm himself. "Oh drat." He mutters, catching Dee's attention. "What's wrong?" She says, her hands going up to fix her hair. "I was supposed to be home to meet with my father ten minutes ago." He explains, looking at her apologetically. "Oh, Alright." She responds, trying not to let her disappointment show. He's observant, seeing the way her lips pull down slightly. "If I may be so bold, when can I see you again?" Her eyes flick up to meet his soft stare. "I-I'm working at the bank tomorrow, but I suppose we could meet up at the diner on Sunday after church." He takes her hand again, this time bringing it up to him mouth for a chaste kiss. "It's a date then." The smile that breaks out on her face at his words nearly takes his breath away, and he dreads having to leave her here. "Will you be okay finding your way home?" Dee asks him as he turns to go. "Yes, I'll be fine. Goodbye Dee." Hux calls back to her. Idiot , he scolds himself, if you had said no, she would have offered to walk you back. Thinking about it more, he's glad he hadn't lied. His parents will undoubtedly be upset with him for his tardiness, and would probably not be particularly welcoming of the girl who made him so. As Hux nears his front yard, he right away spots his distraught mother on the porch. "Where in heaven's name have you been, Armitage?" she frets, rubbing at his burnt cheek. "I thought you had gotten lost, I nearly called the authorities." She inspects him further as she speaks. "I'm fine, Mother. I actually met someone who showed me around." He kisses her cheek to calm her before turning towards the house. "How angry is he?" She looks down, hesitant. "He's been in his study, reading a book about battle strategy." Hux nods. That means he's angry. At least it wasn't a book on nuclear weaponry. "Hello, Father." Hux calls through the door to his father's study. "You're late." The response echoes, Hux taking it as permission to enter. "I'm sorry, Father. I lost track of time." It's a weak excuse and he knows it, but it's all he has. If he had said that a woman who had sat next to him at a diner had completely smitten him in a mere three hours, his father would surely have him committed. "I certainly hope this is not the type of irresponsible behaviour you plan on displaying at university this coming autumn." His father says without looking up from the volume currently in his hands. Armitage, nonetheless, maintains strict eye contact with the figure in the chair in front of him. "Of course not, Father. It won't happen again." He responds quietly. His father finally closes the textbook, setting it down on his desk. "Well, I suppose we should hurry to the dealership now. It closes in an hour." With that, the men exit the study, all mention of the day's activities lost to the task at hand. "Dee! Tammy's on the phone for you!" Dee's mom calls up the stairs later that evening. "Alright, thanks!" Dee yells back, reaching over to her nightstand and lifting the telephone from its cradle. "What's buzzin' cuzzin'?" She chirps her usual greeting into the phone. "Don't play coy with me, Dee!" Tammy's harsh tone blares out of the receiver. "What happened with you and Red?" "His name is Armitage." Dee snaps, before returning to her casual tone. "Odd, I know. Now what are you yappin' about?" "Where did you two go? What did you do? Did you go to his house? Did he kiss your hand again?" Tammy pries, nearly bursting with curiosity. "International Intrigue dodge over here." Dee exclaims sarcastically. "To answer in order; around town, talked, no and yes." She has to pull the phone away from her ear as Tammy squeals in excitement. "Hey cool it chick, you're bustin' my eardrums." Dee complains. "Sorry Dee, this is just like, crazy!" Tammy gushes. "You should bring him out to the drive-thru with us next weekend, and to Gwen's birthday bash next month." Dee rolls her eyes. "He definitely needs to buy some new threads before I can take him to the passion pit, and I'm not even sure if I'm going to that party. You know Gwen and I don't click." "Yeah, I remember, but you should still come." Tammy pleads, a voice interrupting her in the background. "Mom's calling me for dinner, but I'll grill you more tomorrow." Dee chuckles. "Alright then Tammy. Goodbye." "Later, gator." With that, both girls hang up. Dee flops back on her bed, her mind in absolute chaos. She closes her eyes for a second but instantly opens them again when an image of Hux looking down at her in the park flashes behind her eyelids. You just met him , she reminds herself. Then why can't she stop thinking about him? She sighs, turning over to bury her face in her pillow. Why is she so excited for Sunday as well?