It is 10:48 on a Monday night, and Hux would usually be asleep by now. Had this been any other night, he would be in bed already. In bed, tangled in his expensive silk sheets, with his cat, a book, and a cup of tea. It is 10:48 on a Monday night, and Hux has just finished off his fifth(Sixth?) glass of brandy. He orders another before the slight burn in his throat has subsided. It is 10:48 on a Monday night, and Hux is sitting at the counter of a shitty bar. The entire room is dimly lit, the air smells overwhelmingly of cigarette smoke and oil. The bartender is a scary looking man with a plethora of odd scars all over his face, the tables are occupied by rowdy groups of intoxicated delinquents.There's only one other patron at the counter- a big, broad man with too many tattoos. He's exactly the kind of person Hux would cross the street to avoid crossing paths with on the sidewalk, but he hasn't bothered Hux yet. Hux doesn't go to bars. Hux also doesn't lose cases. Tonight truly is a night of firsts, Hux thinks. Hux didn't sit through three years of law school to lose. It was a stupid case, frankly. Just a simple money-related dispute. He doesn't remember his client's first name, nevermind the exact details. It is 10:50, and Hux has knocked back his sixth(Seventh? Eighth?) brandy of the night. Hux was never good at many things, but he was an excellent lawyer. His ability to argue was unmatched, even as a child. Even his father(who had a knack for telling Hux how useless he was), seemed proud on the day he graduated. He never doubted his ability until now. He wants to leave. He's suddenly positive that the patrons at this shitty, run-down bar are judging him(They most definitely are. He doesn't fit in, with his pressed button-up and his rolex.) He wants to run home, to his silk sheets, his bed, his cat. Wants to tell himself that this was just one case, that it'll be over in the morning.(Though he knows it won't be, the entire office hates him. They'll be thrilled to know that Armitage Hux failed.) He struggles to stand, suddenly determined, but also suddenly feeling as if his legs are made of jelly. He's going to run the whole ten blocks back to his building. His vision is fogged, his entire being feels fogged, and he has the sudden urge to tell the nearest stranger his entire life story.(The nearest stranger is the intimidating man, who still sits at the other end of the counter. He doesn't seem like a worthy candidate of hearing Hux's life story.) But he walks, one step, then another. And then he falls. Face down, six feet from the door. * It is 11:15 on a Monday night, and Kylo Ren never goes home this early. He knows two things for certain- The first; that he has an unconscious redhead lying in the backseat of his car. The second; that the redhead will most certainly call the cops when he's cognizant, and Ren will certainly be facing kidnapping charges.- and yet, he willingly let this stranger become his problem. Ren isn't a nice person. He isn't a person who helps others, isn't a person who cares about the wellbeing of others, isn't a person who gives a shit about the comfort of others. But there's just something so heart-wrenching about watching a lanky, well-dressed ginger drink himself into a stupor and then pass out face first on the floor of a bar that he obviously didn't belong in in the first place. He'd been lying unconscious for about five minutes before Ren did anything. He soon realized that if he didn't, nobody would. Realized that this poor, pathetic human would die on the floor of a shitty biker bar if he didn't step in. So, here he is. The strange ginger makes a nonsensical noise of pain every few minutes, but shows no other signs of waking. He's got a trail of dried blood running out of his nose from the impact of falling face first, but no other visible injuries. From the looks of it, he'll have a nasty hangover that Ren will probably have to help him with before he kicks him out on his ass. It is 11:23 and Kylo Ren pulls up to his building. He maneuvers up two flights of stairs at a slow pace, holding the stranger, who doesn't even stir at the movement. Ren unlocks his door with one hand, kicks the door open, and deposits the stranger on the sofa. He wonders if he should remove the strangers jacket, or clean the blood from his nose but he decides against it. He'll craft a story in the morning, to explain this whole thing. The stranger looks peaceful, a pink flush on his cheeks, hair mussed, tie loose. Ren forces himself to stop looking at the stranger. It is 11:34 and Kylo Ren heads off to sleep, this is the earliest he's gone to bed in years. Notes: Hellooooooo~! I'm trying my hand at a multichapter fic bc I've always started them and abandoned them but I'm gonna try real hard with this one????? The premise started as a total shitpost between me and my buddy and I wanted to write it? I'll add tags and warnings as I go