It had been a strange set of events that led them all here Finn considered. They’d received an emergency transmission, a stranded ship just outside their planetary limits. The transmission source was impossibly to identify first. But it appeared to be coming from a small shuffle. It was strange for sure. They didn’t get visitors this far out the outter ring, it’s why they had chosen this planet as their latest base. Not even pirates or smugglers. Two X-Wings were sent to escort the shuffle down. By then dozens of Resistance members had stepped outside to see who their lost guest was, only to gasp in shock and anger when the hooded figure finally stepped outside. - Finn decided to stay out of the discussion for now. He’d never seen Leia look this worried and unsure. He was too used to seen the General standing proud and ready to take charge, but the events that had taken place in the last couple of hours had shook everyone within the compound. More than ever he’d wished for his friends to be here, Rey and Luke specially would have known how to handle this. Poe would have had better ideas and known how to keep the mood light. They were out of luck though, all three individuals where light years away on a secret mission and communication had gone quiet until they were out of danger. It could be weeks before they heard from them again. It wasn’t time they could afford to lose now. “We can’t trust him.” Finn was pulled out of his thoughts by one of the generals. “We don’t even know what he has to gain by helping us after all this time.” Another one nodded. “His information could be leading us right into a trap.” Finn agreed with the older woman. There was something they were all missing. He stepped away from the rest of them to stare through the window that separated them from the makeshift prison. There, sitting cross-legged and with his eyes closed was Kylo Ren. Even unarmed everyone was still uneasy around the Knight, there were 10 soldiers watching him in the room and a dozen more waiting outside the door. Kylo’s expression was unreadable, if he was planning something it was hard to tell from here. Luke could have. The older man's abilities with the Force was exactly what they needed right now. “Ma’am, let me speak to him.” Finn turned back to the people in the room to find everyone watching him. “I’ve been training with Master Luke and I’m not as….” ‘Emotionally involved as you are’, remained unsaid, but everyone else was thinking it. He couldn’t imagine how it felt having her son back, and the person responsible for Han Solo’s death. Leia looked unsure, Finn was certain she would protest the idea. Her expression dropped with a sense of uncertainly. “I can do this.” Finn tried to reassure her. “It’s the best chance we got.” Someone else mentioned. “We don’t know when General Skywalker will be back.” Leia finally stepped forward and uncrossed her arms. “I’ll allow it, but you are not stepping into that room unarmed and I want soldiers close enough to respond if he tries anything.” She dropped a gentle hand on his shoulder, her expression was solemn. “Anything.” Finn shook his head in understanding and followed her and a couple high ranking officials out of the room. Kylo didn’t look up when Finn stepped inside, the door behind him closing with a click. Finn lifted his own head to nod towards the window, he couldn’t see them but he knew everyone was watching him. He had his blaster by his side and there were two men standing just outside the door. For now he ignored them and focused on the still seated man. “Why are you here?” Finally Kylo raised his head to look at him. “They sent you.” It was strange hearing the man’s voice without his mask. “Why are you here?” Finn repeated, ignoring the other’s comment. “Like I said when I was captured, I want to help the Resistance put a stop to the First Order.” The Knight dropped his hands to his side and lifted himself up. He had a couple of inches on Finn, and easily loomed over him. He was not afraid. He’d faced Kylo in the battlefield once and survived, with a scar, but survived. “You’re Snoke’s right hand-man, why would you want to aid anyone against him?” He tried to keep his voice neutral, going back to years of training under the First Order, to his time training with Luke. Ren wasn’t the only one who was good at keeping his emotions in check. The older man remained silent for a moment. Finn was almost ready to give up and step out of the cell when the other finally spoke up. “Why did you leave the First Order? Why risk everything for a bunch of strangers.” He took a step forward, Finn remained still. The soldiers all raised their own blasters but Finn lifted his hand, signaling them to stop and wait. “It was everything you knew….and still.” If Finn didn’t know better, the other looked almost intrigued. “You were able to fight that pull. Ran straight onto the light.” He was taken aback by the question. “Because I didn’t believe in their mission. I didn’t got a choice to be part of their machine…those strangers gave me a choice.” Kylo’s expression didn’t change but he looked thoughtful. “I didn’t believe in the New Republic or their ways. I thought the First Order, Snoke, offered me what I wanted.” There was a flash of something across the other’s expression. “I was wrong.” Finn was shocked by the admission. If there was one person he thought was loyal to Snoke it was Kylo. Loyal enough to murder his own father. He reached out through the force, trying to find doubt in the other’s words and found none “They are as corrupted as the New Republic. Nothing will change under their reign.” The other’s expression darkened for a second. “This is not what he wanted, what I wanted. “So now you want to help us stop them. That’s too generous.” Finn crossed his arms. “So now you believe in the Resistance?” Kylo’s chuckle sent a shiver across his spine. “Not quite, I believed you were the least likely to shoot me at first sight. I knew that you would be tempted by the possibility of interrogating me for information.” Finn had to admit the other wasn’t wrong. It didn’t feel like he was lying either. “Even if we were to trust whatever information you give us willing, and you happen to actually be here to help, people here aren’t just going to forgive and forget what you’ve done. You’ll have to pay for your crimes, why risk it?” Finn asked. “For the same reason you risked getting shot to help Poe Dameron escape, ran back to get your friend from the claws of Star Killer Base, Kylo paused for a second, “It was worth the risk.” It was Finn’s turn to chuckle. He’d never thought him and Kylo would see eye to eye on something. He could understand that. “Fair enough.” He raised his hand for the other to shake. “Kylo Ren, welcome to the Resistance.” Kylo looked down at the offered hand before taking it, Finn was surprised by how warm and rough his skin was. “I’d prefer if you called me Ben.” He’d definitely never imagined he would see Kylo—Ben smiled gently at anyone. “Welcome, Ben.”