Leia awoke to a brisk “Get up, your Highness.” and a shove at her shoulder. She mumbled an instinctive protest “General.” A harsh laugh filled her ears “The rebels so desperate they put you in charge?” Her eyes flew open. She was in a cargo hold. There were stormtroopers all around her. The inherent strangeness of this took a few moments to settle in her mind before warning alarms went off. She was on an Imperial shuttle. There was a long bench in front of her stretching out along the side. She was sitting up, sandwiched between two stormtroopers. The one on her right, the one who had been talking pulled her up to her feet. She looked down. Her hands were cuffed together. They were also a lot smoother than they had been last night. When she laid down, on her own bed, on D'Qar. She was wearing that ridiculous ceremonial white dress from her youth. She looked back up and noticed the company of stormtroopers in the back of the interior of the shuttle. There were at least fifteen of them, all who were wearing the old Imperial style armor. They were quietly talking among themselves and Leia could smell the faint aroma of the cleaning oil they used on their weapons in the air. “What?” she asked out loud, the sheer impossibility of what she was seeing stealing her wits. The stormtrooper on her left chose to answer her. “Have a nice nap your highness?” She tilted her face in his direction. He didn’t disappear in a poof of smoke. He remained distressingly real and smug “You won’t be so relaxed after he’s done with you.” She opened herself to the Force. This had to be a vision or a nightmare of some kind. Han’s death and the destruction of the Hapan system had clearly done something to cause her to hallucinate. She needed an anchor to guide her out of this. She felt at first that there was another presence here. It was close to her, distressingly close, with it’s dark and imposing aura. A blackness that ate everything around it. But the quiet desolation, the helplessness, the apathy, underneath all that anger puzzled her. Who was in this ship with her? It was no one she knew, therefore no one she could trust. “Luke.” she whispered, reaching out with the Force. There was no response. He hadn’t answered her call in years. But instead of the impression of a door not being answered, there was a feeling of vagueness around him. That bright flame was there, he wasn’t dead. But it was diffuse somehow. Leia wondered what the hell she had fallen into this time. The door to the cockpit opened and Leia turned her head, curious about the other Force user that was here. The tall figure emerged from the entrance and Leia felt her world give out underneath her. “Lord Vader,” the stormtrooper who held her arm stated. “The prisoner is ready.” Leia’s breath whooshed out of her body has her mind started yelling at her to run, run, run. She had forgotten the eerie breathing, unconnected to his voice. She had forgotten how the armor gleamed under the lights like a dark reflection. She could only stare in horror at her worst nightmare made flesh. “Take her to cell block on level 5 for processing, while I give my report.” He glanced at her for a moment, then stalked away down the gangplank. “Come along.” the trooper pulled her after him towards the hanger heading to an elevator on the right side. Leia wasn’t sure how her legs were moving, it was all she could do not to fall to the ground and scream her denial. The walk into the elevator and hallways passed by her in a haze. She offered no resistance, and perhaps more telling no snide comments to the troopers increasingly escalating taunts. It wasn’t until she was escorted into her cell that Leia managed to shake off her shock. In the confines of her prison Leia began to pace the small space. This felt real . It was completely impossible and she had never even heard of such a thing happening. But this was no vision. She touched the walls, the smooth cold implacability of them. The background chatter she had heard on the way here. And the smells around her. Men in armor and being confined into a small area with only recycled air. Generally force visions didn't have smells associated with them. She punched her fist into the durasteel wall. Her hand immediately began to ache and pulse in pain. Not a dream. She looked around, it was a just as she saw it in her nightmares. The black walls with mica flecks. The top three feet of the ceiling in the front and back, leaning in to make the space feel even smaller then it was. There were the grates on the ceiling with the faint red light glow to them to be paralleled with the grates on the floor with the soft white light. There was the bench along the length of the far wall. No blankets or pillows to sleep on. The toiletries were in the corner. She shivered, the air was biting cold. Every detail, every scrap of this was meticulously correct. “Think.” she whispered to herself. Panic wouldn't get her out of this. Making and implementing plans would get her out of this. Treat this as real. Believe it is real because everything around you says it is. Break this down into it’s component parts. She had no clue as to why she was here. Then it was irrelevant. Next problem. If she didn’t know how she got here she didn’t know how to get back. She would learn nothing here in this station about anything, so she needed to escape. What is your next step in order to do that? Vader will come along shortly and interrogate you for the location of the rebel base. You won’t give it. Tarkin will threaten Alderaan and…. Save Alderaan! Leia’s breath caught, she felt herself fall back onto the seat on the power of that realization. Her home was still here. It was still out there in the galaxy, she could save it. If this was real she could save them all. If this was real, she would be altering the timeline as she knew it in a fairly large way. She pondered this for all of two seconds. The damage was done, she realized. The timeline is already altered by her mere presence. There was no way she could stand by passively and let what happened unspool in front of her again. All she needed was time anyway. Luke, Obi-Wan, and Han... Her mind skittered away from that name, the pain so fresh her breath caught. Move on, if this is real he is alive, they were all still alive, and they were coming for her. Her presence here would have no effect on that sequence of events. She just needed to wait it out. She could give Vader Dantooine, like she had to Tarkin so long ago. After a bit of his mind probing let him see that information “accidentally”. No, she realized with a sinking dread, that wouldn’t work. The shields in her mind. The ones she had reluctantly let Luke teach her how to build. She had seen the sense at the time. Being able to keep out any unknown Dark side users certainly had it’s advantages. But now, they would doom her. Her shields were too good for an amateur, and she wasn’t skilled enough to hide them. Vader would know she had been trained. And his next question would be by whom. Dropping them wasn’t an option either. There was so much she needed to keep from him. Both of the Death Star’s fates, all the future plans of the alliance, General Kenobi, Yoda, Han, Ben, Luke, and herself. Yes, she had kept him out before, but then she was only trying to keep one thing from him. It had been like trying to keep a drop of water steady while someone was pushing her. Now she would be trying to keep a pool of water in her hands without spilling a drop. So, no torture, avoid torture by any means necessary. So just tell him the name of the base when he walks in here. What would happen then? Vader was through, he wouldn’t just simply take her word for it. The moment his mind touched hers to confirm what she told him, Vader would know about the training she had gotten from Luke. She would be right back where she started. How to avoid that? The answer was there is no way to avoid it. She frowned, so what if she went the opposite way? What if she told him about them? “ Yes ” a voice in the back of her head that sounded of Han “ Brilliant plan. Tell him you're thirty four years from the future and in that time some Jedi will teach you. I’m sure he’ll believe that ” She laughed at the ridiculousness of Vader’s reaction to that statement. Then she thought the scenario through fully. Why wouldn’t he believe her? She wasn’t lying, he would sense that. It definitely wouldn’t be anything he was expecting. Shock and curiosity might intrigue him enough to play along. She would have to be very careful and very clever to keep him away from subjects that would be dangerous to discuss, but it was doable. So buy for time, until Luke and Obi-Wan came for her. Do not get tortured, do not reveal anything important, do not lose your focus. So, stick to telling the truth. From a certain point of view. When he did come, Leia was forewarned by that dark cloud of power surrounding him. She felt the hairs on the back of her neck rise the closer he came. She stood up from the bench, where she had been meditating to steady her mind, and chose a position in the center of it. She wouldn’t cower in the corner this time. The door opened and for a moment Leia forgot every lofty idea and thing she planned as his presence overwhelmed her. Earlier, on the flight deck, she hadn’t been this close to him. And she had been in such shock she hadn’t been paying attention to the details of him. They were coming back to her now. As he descended the stairs and came to meet her she wondered on how she had forgotten that he actually was that tall. It wasn’t just her fear amplifying how he loomed over everyone. His mask, shaped to resemble a death head, with it’s sharp angles and inky black eyes, was close enough to a face, with an eerie lifeless look, to give anyone nightmares. Then there was breathing, that steady and imposing sound that boomed even louder than normal in the small room. The noise of it sent shudders down her spine. She had forgotten, the steady rhythm of it. It was enough to drown out the increasing high pitch of the interrogation droid. “And now your highness we will discuss the location of your hidden rebel base.” The door thumped closed behind him, in perfect time to his words. The theatrically of the gesture snapped Leia’s focus. She had to be here, not then. Then she noticed the two guards, dressed in black, standing at attention on either side of the door. She had forgotten about them, in her rush to prepare for the larger threat that Vader was. “Is it still Imperial procedure that these ‘sessions” she sneered the word “aren’t recorded?” There was a pause “What?” Bafflement, she was off to a excellent start. “Is this being recorded?” she asked again. “No,” he informed her, speaking slowly “this is not.” “Good.” she stated firmly. Now there was a sense of puzzlement. As if he was trying to guess what game she was playing. Yeah, he’ll have good luck with that , the voice of Han whispered on her mind. “You are going to want to send them away.” she put on her best imperious voice that politics had taught her, as she waved at the guards. “I will?” he seemed to be on surer footing. “Yes, I have several things to say that you won’t want Tarkin to hear.” “Blackmail?” now he seemed amused. “I thought the standards of a member of the Imperial Senate would preclude such an act.” Was the sarcasm really necessary, she wondered to herself. “You are going to want them to leave.” she stated again. She didn’t need witnesses to this little dance, and the fewer people in the Empire who knew what she was going to say the better. “Very well.” he dismissed them with a wave of his hand. The second one pulled out a small remote and the door whooshed open. Vader watched her, clearly trying to see if she was going to rush the door, but she merely stood and waited for the door to close before speaking again. She pointed to the droid, which was beginning to hurt her ears with it’s high pitched tone. “That won’t work.” she stated flatly. “I assure you Princess, that it will.” that deep voice boomed. She took a deep breath, centering her mind, and allowing her instinctive irritation at the title of Princess fall away. “When I say that it won't work I speak from experience, not conviction. This won’t work. Your droid pumps me full of drugs, that fails. You bang at my mental walls, that fails. Tarkin threatens Alderaan with this mechanical abomination. That also fails. I am not telling you where the base is.” There was a pause “Experience?” She snorted “Yes, I went to sleep on the worst day of my life and woke to find myself in the past on the second worst day of my life. As experiences go, I don’t recommend it.” She began to speak louder to overcompensate the the increasingly louder torture droid. There was uncertainty around him now. He tilted his head studying her for a moment. Then he made a gesture and the droid ceased its insistent high pitched whine. Leia sighed internally with relief. He had decided he wanted to play along. “This is an interesting approach to avoiding interrogation.” he said. “You think I am lying?” “No,” he replied “You believe you are telling the truth. But a weak mind can find refuge in many different ways.” She raised her eyebrow “You think I am weak minded?” He paced three steps in front of her then the size of the cell forced him to stop and turn and face her. His arms clasped behind his back he stared at her “No” he admitted “I do not.” She shrugged. “An impasse then.” “What you claim is not possible.” he informed her. She bit back her first response, took a calming breath, and settled for “Yet here I am.” she gestured to the cell around her. “Why confess such a thing to me? If this is true, you have the events of the future at your disposal. That would make you a more valuable source of intelligence, not less.” Well yes, but the alternative was worse. “You would have figured out something was wrong the minute you touched my mind.” He huffed, and she felt the absent minded feel of that power touch up against her shields. Then rage, bitter, sharp, and cutting, filled the Force. He straightened to his full height, and stalked up to her, his boots eating up the small space. Leia forced herself not to cower back as he came to a stop inches from her. “You are a Jedi!” he hissed. Such loathing in that one word. “No.” “Your lies will not save you your highness. Not here.” “I am no Jedi.” she gave a short bitter laugh “But the Force is strong in my family.” She looked over his shoulder at the now quiet droid. She lifted a finger and it spun in a gentle circle, squealing in protest. She returned her gaze to his mask. “I will not be left defenseless on any battle field Lord Vader. I was taught how to shield myself and to move small objects, no more. A few small tricks only.” She could feel his rage cooling slightly and he pulled back, giving her a bit more space. “And who taught you?” Now a real smile crossed her face “A very wise loved one.” “The name of this Jedi? “ he demanded. She shook her head. “No. There are many things I’ll tell you, but not that.” He did that abortive walk again, clearly trying to think. She took a few breaths to calm herself, while he was distracted. Keep him off balance, keep him angry, but do not provoke that full throated rage. He would charge ahead and she would lose what little control she had in this situation. “I am clearly dead in this future of yours.” he finally settled on. She breathed out of her nose, “Yes.” trying to keep the triumph out her voice “How?” he seemed resigned more than anything else. She considered that for a moment, weighing the damage this could do. Then she mentally shrugged. Let the bastard know “Palpatine killed you.” “I see.” he didn’t seemed shocked by her answer. He continued his pacing. Her eyebrow shot up. “You don’t seemed surprised?” Mentally Leia berated herself. Stupid. Don’t ask questions, just answer. Now he shrugged “It is the sith way. There is a Master, and an apprentice. To achieve mastery the apprentice kills the Master. Failure to do so leads to the death of the apprentice.” She stared at him “That is a horrible way to live.” Why was she still talking? She didn’t care about any of this. “You wouldn’t understand the ways of the Dark side.” he intoned gravely “It’s true power is only for the strong.” She cocked her head, something was off about that statement. He wasn’t lying, not directly. He believed it. No, he said it like he should believe it. That was interesting. Let’s pull on this thread a little further. “I was told that only the weak fell.” He waved his hand dismissively “A lie the Jedi tell themselves. It is only the strong who survive the sith way.” He sounded like Ben then, in that last frantic conversation she had with him before he ran off. For a moment Leia felt the cell she was in closing in on her as her thoughts strayed to her son. He had sounded so lost and determined. She couldn’t make sense of the rambling monologue he had given her, and then the transmission had been cut off. By him, she later learned. Then of course she learned just what he had done before he placed that call to her. She shook herself mentally. She hadn't expected these particular echoes in everything around her. Not here and now. In a conversation with Vader, of all people. But maybe that was the point. Maybe it wasn't just Alderaan she could save. He had gone back to his pacing, still clearly trying to figure out what to do next. “Why did you fall?” she asked, hoping her voice was steady. This wasn’t initially where she imagined this conversation going, but needs must. He stopped, and his head tilted to the side “What?” Confusion radiated off him. “Why did you fall? What were you thinking?” “You can not possibly be interested in joining me.” So he clearly did understand that about her at least. But he could possibly have answers to some of the questions she had about Ben. There wasn’t anyone else she could ask, even in her own time. She had to be gentle here though. Luke had told her how badly he reacted to being called by his old name. “You had another name, another life.” she clarified “Why walk away from that?” Panic, sheer clawing panic. “You know who I was?” He was suddenly walking back from her as if she was unexpectedly a much more dangerous foe than he expected and he needed the distance. She frowned. This wasn’t expected. She was expecting anger, or perhaps denial, not this overwhelming sense of helplessness. “Yes?” she answered uncertainly, not understanding the cause of his mood change. The feeling only intensified. She found herself in the odd position of offering reassurance. Him panicking over this wouldn’t help her here. “I am not going to tell anyone. Who would believe me?” His posture relaxed, a little. The pacing resumed however, so he clearly believed her, but was uneasy that she knew. “I ask you again, who is your tutor?” Well, that was one of the least subtle subject changes she had heard. But until she understood the source of his panic she would play along. “No one you have met yet.” she retorted. “But I will meet them.” he pressed “If I had my way, no. Their first encounter with you did not go well.” “If I did not kill them on the first meeting then it went very well for them.” he informed her “There has only been one Jedi that has escaped me.” She blinked in surprise and worked hard to keep it from showing on her face or in the Force. He was lying to her. That part was irrelevant. The more interesting issue was the subject of this lie. General Kenobi was, at this time, the only Jedi she knew who had escaped him. There were there others? “Did the second encounter go better for them?” he followed up. She thought of Luke’s haunted eyes, and the nightmares that followed Endor. He had achieved one form of peace, but he paid a heavy price in other areas. “No” “Because they will fail in trying to kill me?” She snorted. “Who says they tried?” “You were not lying before. The Emperor will kill me. So clearly this ‘wised loved one’ failed.” Again with the sarcasm. She gave out a small laugh “Oh, no. Succeed in exactly what they were aiming for. Big goals, big heart, and a clear vision will get someone far in this life.” “You love them. Dearly.” he seemed surprised. Was she somehow deemed incapable of love by some weird Sith metirc? She gave a small wan smile “My other half. And again I state, you will not learn their identity from me, no matter how many questions you ask around the edges.” “Who taught them then? Our does this fanatic loyalty extend to everyone?” “I find that life is often the best teacher.” she informed him primly. There was a noise of irritation “Don't play word games with me.” There was a pause, as he was clearly thinking of likely possibilities “Was it Jarrus?” Damn, now he was getting specific. “No, it was many people.“ “The Jedi are all but extinct. There are not many left that aren’t accounted for.” He paused for a moment, seeming to gather himself. “Ahsoka Tano?” “No.” she said, surprised into giving a straight answer. She hadn’t know Fulcrum was a Jedi. There was a long silence “Was it Obi-Wan Kenobi?” That name was said with a sense of anticipation. And there was a sense of longing? Yes, it was longing, swirling in the Force. Longing for what? Anticipation at the thought of killing Kenobi Leia understood, but longing? While interesting, this line of thought was irrelevant. She didn’t see any way she could wiggle out of this one. She didn’t want to disrupt this delicate dance between them by lying directly to him, and giving him Yoda’s name was out of the question. It didn’t much matter in the long run, Kenobi was coming and the difference of a few hours wouldn’t mean much. She had known going in that he would probably come up. “Yes.” she conceded. There was an ugly sneer in his voice “He lives?” “Do you feel that I am lying?” she sneered back. “No.” He walked away from her, to the door as if wanted to go out now and start the hunt. Leia blinked, just like that and the Rebel base was no longer important? Well if she had known that it was that important to him she would have told him about it first thing and sent him on his way to Tatooine. It would have bought her those hours she needed without having to endure his presence. By the time Vader reached that dustball, Kenobi and Luke would have been long gone. He reached the door and then stopped. “Do you know where Kenobi is now?” So not so distracted that he didn't want directions. “No.” She had a good idea vaguely where he was, but not the particulars. “Do you know where he has been hiding the last twenty years?” Leia hesitated. Vader was from Tatooine. He might wonder the why of the General’s chosen planet of exile “Some outer rim world.” “Like the one we caught your ship circling?” he inquired. Damn, he had put that together. “Yes.” “Obi-Wan Kenobi spent the last twenty years on Tatooine?” he asked incredulously. “If I had designed a prison to hold him it couldn’t have been worse than that.” There was malicious glee in his voice now. Clearly he held no love for his home world. Having been there Leia found herself in the odd position of agreeing with him. Between the Hutts, sand, and the hostile natives it was not a planet one spent time on voluntarily. “What did he do to you?” she asked, curious despite herself. “He is the reason I am in this suit.” So Luke had been told the truth about that. They had wondered. Well she had wondered aloud and Luke hadn’t chastised her about questioning the veracity of it. “His mistake then. He should have let you burn, then killed you.” she nearly bit her tongue. Where had that come from? Well, she knew where it had come from. It was just a lot harder than she anticipated being in this room with him. She took a breath, she had to stay focused. She could not let this get personal. “Such hatred your highness. I wonder why?” He pondered this a moment. “The force is strong in your family. Your parents?” he murmured, looking to her for confirmation, “One of them was a Jedi?” Now he was venturing into it. A deep breath in. This is the truth, let him hear it, no matter how it stung personally. “My father.” “Ahh, that would explain why Bail knew to forge your test results.” She shrugged. Truthfully she had no idea how her father had gotten her around it. The blood test were mandatory for all Imperial citizens. This was safer ground to be on. She had nothing to say. "And did I kill this man Princess?” She cocked her head, startled, why had he jumped to that conclusion? “Is that the source of this rage towards me? Your long lost Jedi father?” That was a little too close to the truth for comfort. She embraced the rage this question provoked and let the ice into her veins “You torture me, twice. Ripped apart my family, hunted down almost everyone I love, and left a poisonous legacy in your wake. Isn’t that enough?” There was a snort of derision, for all that it was distorted by his vocoder. “Not for this, no. This is deeply personal for you, this hatred. I can sense it all around you.” She hissed “Yes, in a way I suppose you did destroy him.” Let him sit on that. "I can tell you I probably took no pleasure in the act.” “And can I tell you what a great comfort that is to me.” she answered snidely. “It was a necessary evil, the Jedi had lost their way. You would found your father a poor substitute to Organa.” She laughed bitterly “On the whole you're probably right about his fitness as a parent. That doesn't mean you were justified in what you did. My family isn’t the only one who was ripped asunder by you. The whole galaxy has paid for your decisions and I want to know why!” “I owe you nothing. But why does this concern you so much?” his condescending tone grating on her nerves. Owed her nothing? He owed her everything. “My son fell.” she shot back, losing control of her temper, and giving him the truth before she thought better of it. He paused, visibly surprised. His head cocked “Then he is lost.” He didn't sound gleeful or triumphant, just matter of fact. She shook her head in denial. “No,” she stated firmly “he is not.” “It is not possible to return.” “It is.” she insisted. “Your highness, this is not a case where you can apply your will and make it happen. It is not possible.” he lectured. But it is. You did it. She bit her tongue, that was not a revelation she could disclose without disastrous consequences. “Are you afraid of the powers he has embraced?” Was he being deliberately slow? Did he ever wonder about them? Plan and hope for hers and Luke’s future. “No.” she said slowly, as if talking to an especially obtuse politician “He is my son. I want him to be happy. To fall in love. To laugh. To have joy. None of these things are what the Dark side offers.” His sudden stillness at that statement was unsettling “Then he is fortunate indeed for such a mother.” There was a twinge there, as if she struck something deep within him. Leia considered the basics of what Luke had known about their paternal grandmother. Shmi Skywalker had been a slave. She had been freed and married her former master. She had been murdered by sandpeople. She had been held in high regard by Luke’s aunt. But Leia had never delved into any more than that with Luke. Now she was regretting that decision. Without knowing more she was reluctant to go forward on that point. “How did he fall?” Vader asked. He genuinely seemed curious. “Why do think I keep asking you?” she huffed. “I have no answers for you. I fell when the Jedi betrayed the Republic.“ Oh that was rich. “You betrayed the Republic.“ “You speak of things you do not understand.” he chided her. “Because you won’t answer my questions. I don’t ask for my own amusement.” To buy time yes, but not for fun. “You should ask your son.” he shot back, annoyed. She gave him a disbelieving look “I would, but he doesn't exist yet so that would be difficult.” “Don’t be obtuse. You should have asked him then.” His anger was growing again, and she found hers rising to meet it at his deliberate evasion of her questions. “I tried,” she hissed through gritted teeth “but all he said was he was embracing his destiny and he ran away.” “Ran to where?” She opened her mouth to answer and shut it closed when she realized she almost told him about the first order. She had been so focused on following this thread that she almost forgot the point. “Ah” he murmured “he found the Emperor didn't he?” “A lecherous old man poured poison into his brain, yes.” she flung back. “He has embraced the truth. You should too.” Darth Vader was lecturing her about personal truth’s? Han would have fallen out of his seat laughing if he had known. ‘“Yes, how noble, a government of thugs and tyrants. We should all aspire to such lofty heights.” she sneered. “The Empire brings order. It brings peace.” he insisted. “According to the Sith peace is a lie. That it's about power.” she retorted, using the little knowledge of Sith philosophy she possessed. “There is no order without power.” he intoned, neatly sidestepping the thorny issues with Sith ideology “Without power there is only chaos.” Who exactly was he trying to convince with that line? “And the people who won’t and can't fall in line? Are they simply the collateral damage to your quest for order?” “If they will not obey then yes, they brought it upon themselves.” Did he truly believe this nonsense? That even the smallest defiance brought about wholesale destruction? That this was the price to be paid for galactic order? She hissed “How convenient for you. Anything that opposes you is the enemy of peace, instead of simply wanting to live their lives and be left alone. And who are you to decide what is best for the entire galaxy?” “Not me.” he said slightly mockingly “Someone wise.” Her mouth fell open “Palpatine! Palpatine! You thought he would be a good choice for dictator? Someone who cares for nothing but himself? You looked around a galaxy of sentient creatures and thought he was what was best for the galaxy?” “He was all I was left with.” Her eyes narrowed, there was something there. Some thread of despair and grief that teased the edge of her senses. She she shook herself mentally. No, that was not was she wanted or needed answered right now. It was time to bring this conversation back to it’s original question. “I am not interested in a philosophical debate about tyranny versus democracy. I want to know why you fell.” “You do have an extreme interest in events that happened long ago. Why do you care?” now exasperation was joining the anger from him. “Do you see a plethora of fallen people around? Is there an abundance of Force users in this galaxy that I missed somehow? As much as it galls me, you are the only one I can ask. I need to understand what happened to my son.” His hands fell to his belt as he considered this. “That isn't the whole truth.” “You don’t have children,” Was that a flinch from him? “so maybe you can’t understand why I want him back. If I understand why you walked away from everything you had, maybe I can understand why he did too. Why he hurt me so badly?“ “You said you didn't talk to him after he fell. What did he do afterwards to cause you such pain?” Of course, now he chooses to pay attention to what she told him. Then ask the most painful question of them all in the bargain. Her pain, the pain she had lived with since Luke told her about him, since she had understood what had been stolen from her, since Ben fell to the same madness, since that madness had cost her everything she worked for, spilled over it’s dam in her mind. And with it came it’s twin emotion, her anger. She stared at the man who started all of this He had thrown them away for some power mad sith and some skewed philosophy about order, power, and acceptable losses. Choices that everyone she loved were still paying for thirty years later. “He killed his father!!” she howled, her frustration with him freeing her tongue. “He killed him and half a galaxy away I felt my heart being ripped out and couldn’t breathe from the pain. And I want to know why he turned his back on everyone who loved him. Betrayed everyone who loved him for the false promises of a deranged old man who did nothing but lie to him!” His answering rage in the Force was shocking in its abruptness. She had gone too far. Something she had said ripped away his control and that simmered anger was now in full force. The voice coming through the vocoder dripped disdain and loathing “Your hatred of me pours through those of those oh so careful Jedi shields my lady. To you, I am the clearly the unredeemable monster and he is only ‘lost’. Yet what have I done that he has not? You ask and ask why I fell, but I tell you this your highness, the answer will not save your son. Not now and certainly not then.” He leaned down, his mask almost touching her. Leia felt her a tendril of fear travel down her spine, worried for the first time that he might actually kill her before he learned anything useful from her. She wasn’t sure if he was aware of anything but of his desire to hurt her. “He is dead. What is walking in his place is not anyone you would give an ounce of compassion to under any other circumstances. Are you willing to extend the ‘mercy’ of your forgiveness simply because he is your blood? How hypocritical.” Because he was her blood? It was because of her blood that the whole damn mess had started. Because of this towering dark mechanical half droid of a man. Who had killed her father, her mother, her planet. The amount of pain he had inflicted on the galaxy and the legacy of pain and betrayal he had left for her, Luke, and most especially for Ben. For a moment Leia was voiceless in her fury. And he dared to compare himself to Ben? It was his fault her son was even a target. Her snarled words were spit in his face, caution discarded as she went for the most damage she could inflict. “Jealous there was no one to forgive you for killing your wife?” The Force contracted so sharply around Vadar it hurt to feel the whiplash of it. Then it snaked out and wrapped around her throat. Leia, in her panic, instinctively scrambled for the hands that weren’t there. “No” she thought and forced her hands to drop. The left one formed a fist and for a moment she focused everything she was into it. With a definite gesture she punched as hard as she could into the air in front of her. Vader cried out as the Force shove hit him in the solar plexus, shoving him clear across the room. Those invisible hands suddenly stopped. Gasping Leia sank to her knees, breathing in air and trying to ignore the fine tremors brought on by her rage. “Why did you fall?” she rasped, her throat ached. There would be a ring of deep bruises around her neck later. He didn’t answer her. Just leaned against the wall, orienting himself. "Why?” she repeated as she slowly climbed back to her feet. He shook his head in a silent denial. Damn him. Damn him. Damn him. For once in his miserable existence, could he give her something besides loss and betrayal. “Why?” she wailed. “FOR HER!!” he screamed, loss and pain coming through even through the monotone, almost garbled into incoherency. “All I saw everywhere was her death. No matter what choice I made!! The Jedi only told me to accept the loss and let go. But Palpatine, he promised he could save her!! I lost my mother, I wouldn’t lose her!” Then the rage simply vanished as his head fell, exhausted, from it’s wake. “And it was for nothing.” Leia knew this fear. Knew it in her bones, like an old unwanted ache. She had borne it through the long years of fighting the Empire. Through the years of ‘peace’ of the New Republic. Through the bitter slog with the First Order. When your entire world is taken from you it leaves you with that fear. With that constant voice telling you to hold on as tight as you can, to those you love, for they will be taken away. Or worse, they will be used against you. Like Ben had been used against her. Like she had been used against Luke. Oh yes, she knew this, all too well. It was to live, driven by loss and pain so sharp you would do anything to make it go away. “I failed.” he continued on “All I had left was me, Palpatine, and a galaxy in chaos. The Jedi made me a weapon, so a weapon in full I became. I would bring order to to the galaxy. And I let nothing stand in my way.” “You went back to what you knew.” Leia said hollowly. “Yes.“ he agreed dully, not reacting to her dawning horror about this facet of her personality. Maybe that wasn’t so surprising. The pain and grief that was around him scorched her mind. Had he ever truly mourned this loss? Had he ever confronted it at all in the last nineteen years? Or had he done the same as her, burying herself so deep so that she only had to dance around the edges of it. For a moment, Leia felt sorry for him. For Vader, of all the people in the galaxy. Then the word “her” snagged in her mind, and the rage and pain came again. He hadn’t thought of them, hadn’t seen them. “You bargained for her but not the child.” she spat, righteous indignation filling her. Vader's head turned “The child?” “Yes the child.” she repeated, annoyed at this dimness on his part. “No,” he said in a slow measured way “I did not, because Palpatine did not know.” That was not the expected answer. Leia wasn’t sure how to process this. Vader hadn’t told Palpatine? Why? He continued in that strange thoughtful way. “I didn’t tell anyone and neither did my wife.” Leia blinked. Why was it a secret? Why wouldn’t they tell anyone? Possible blackmail? Safety protocol? There was a war on. He had been a high profile General, and Padme had been as equally high profile in the political sphere. Leia knew, better than anyone, the vulnerabilities of having a young force sensitive child. “I am left to wonder how you know about my child. Or that I had a wife. It was forbidden among the Jedi, and neither of us told anyone.” Oh, no. She had misstepped. Badly. Luke hadn’t told her this bit about Jedi doctrine. Leia’s heart jumped “My father told me.” she improvised. “He said she died with a child.” He rose to his full height abruptly “That is a lie.” Too close, too close, too close, the Force sang. “Was it Obi-Wan?” uttered with such confidence. He thought she was protecting his former teacher. Well maybe in his eagerness to hunt the old Jedi down he would believe. “Yes.” He paused, clearly surprised “That is also a lie.” He crossed the room again, cape nipping at his heels. “You contain a font of information about me that almost no one knows. Even after my death, I can think of no reason you would go searching for this, or why. And when I ask for your source, this half honesty you have been dealing in dries up and you spit out lie after lie.” He grabbed the sides of her head between those strong metal hands, forcing her to look at him. She could feel no give beneath the leather gloves. “I didn’t go searching,” she protested “After your death I wanted nothing to do with you or anything about you.” His head tilted “That is the truth.” She let out a small breath of relief, but he continued relentlessly “Someone felt you did need to know. Who was this person and why did they tell you?” Leia could feel those cybernetic fingers flex against her head in frustration. Her mind spun and she focused her eyes over his shoulder in a desperate attempt to avoid his gaze. The truth could not be said. Yoda was a name she could give. In the shock of that revelation maybe he would buy it. She discarded that thought. It wasn’t even close enough to the truth for him to believe her. She had hit some deeply personal spots for him and he clearly wanted to eliminate the person who had such vulnerabilities on him. Maybe Mon Mothma would work. She had told them about Padme. As long as she avoided why Mon felt the need to tell her, Leia wouldn't be putting her in any more danger than she was already in. She opened her mouth and the fingers around her head abruptly stopped their punishing pressure. Her eyes flew back to his mask. He hadn’t released her, his hands still cupped her head but he was so still, except for his breathing. The Force, which had been swirling around them with his emotions just stopped. Leia felt like she had been taken out of a hot summer day and emerged into the stillest pool imaginable. Gently, he pushed her head from one side to another, examining her. She could feel his focus, laser sharp, and for a second, just a second, she thought she saw a shadow of where his eyes were. No. A voice, not her’s and not Luke’s, rang in her mind, filled with horror. His hands released her head. They gently, so gently, reached down and they traced her neck. Exactly where he had only moments before been throttling her. No. It said again, filled with denial now. He backed away, stumbling in his haste. The Force, outside of that calm pool, was a maelstrom of too many emotions for Leia to identify. NoNotAgainNoNotAgainNoNotAgainNoNotAgain. Was the wail of despair that echoed in her mind. Leia flinched at the loud crack sound reverberated in the room. She looked around at the walls as a spider web of cracks spread out along them. “Did he know?” he choked out in a weird stuttering rhythm. Oh Force please, please, please. Too late.. “Did who know?” “My alternate, did he know you were his daughter?” Leia shut down. She sat blindly down on the bench behind her and curled in on herself as she simultaneously made herself as small as she could in the Force. Waiting for the blow to come. “I see.” is all he said. Then he turned around and motioned for door to open and walked out. Chapter 2 Notes: Wow, I've been so blown away by all the kudos, thoughtful insights and kind words. Seriously thanks to all of you. I hope you enjoy! Leia sat on the bench trembling. She tried to focus on breathing as she didn’t seem to be taking in enough air. She looked down to see her hands shaking uncontrollably and her leg bouncing up and down. Adrenaline surge, she thinks distantly, brought on by the fight or flight reflex. Trouble was there was no one here to fight, and she most definitely couldn’t take flight. Cold sweat broke out all over her body, making the cold room feel like it was freezing as her skin temperature cooled even further. What had she done? Where had she gone wrong? He would tell the Emperor, she would be taken to Coruscant. Then everything would fall apart. Luke had told her once that the Emperor was far more skilled then Vader at probing one's mind. Palpatine would learn everything she knew. Everything! Luke, Obi-wan, Yoda, all the future plans of the Alliance. Hell, there were probably details that she had forgotten that he could extract that would prove vitally important. She needed to get out. She was trapped here. There was no where to go and Vader knew about her. The second best kept secret of the galaxy and Vader knew! How had he figure it out? She had been so careful! Hadn’t she? That didn’t matter. She needed a plan. Then she thought of her last plan and her mind circled back to the question of what had she done? And the whole vicious cycle repeated itself in her head. “Focus.” she whispered to herself. “Dammit focus.” She stood up and began pacing the cell, in effort to to use the energy the adrenaline surge had given her. She needed to save the rest of this break down for later. Vader knew, soon the Emperor would know, and she had gambled everything for nothing, her panicky thoughts reminded her. How was she suppose to focus on anything but that? That was not the problem at hand. She would worry about that later, because focusing on that part now would do her no good. Later, when she was free of here, she would deal with the fallout of this. Right now her best option, hell her only option, lay in escaping. Modify the plan she had. She had no plan. Then she needed to come up with one. What were her assets right now in this cell? Leia sat back down on the bench and began taking deep breaths, trying to force her breathing to fall back into a more natural rhythm as she tried to somewhat get a hold of herself. Assess the situation, this is no different than any battle where everything has gone to hell and you need to make major adjustments on the fly. Treat this as a scenario you know and are familiar with. She was in a cell on the Death Star. Disadvantage. Vader wasn’t currently torturing her. Advantage. He also wouldn’t be telling Tarkin that it was taking too long. Advantage. Tarkin would not be heading to Alderaan. Advantage. That part had gone according to plan, Alderaan wasn’t in any immediate danger. Even the disaster that conversation had turned onto, there had been one objective that had been achieved. Vader’s unexpected departure and had caused another problem though. The interrogation had been too short, which meant Luke and Obi-Wan weren’t due for hours. Her entire world might have been rocked to its very foundation, but she doubted if that it had been more than thirty minutes since Vader had entered her cell. She didn’t have hours, and that estimation was based on her remembering correctly. Something niggled at the back of her mind at that thought. She leaned back against the cell and tried to center herself. Closing her eyes she began to focus on her surroundings. The hard bench beneath her, the biting cold air that was making her shiver, the unevenness of the grate beneath her feet. After a few moments she felt the technique work as her mind began to exit it’s spiral of recrimination. What was she not remembering correctly? What had she overlooked when she threw this together? Recreate the events, from another perspective then. Luke’s family bought the droids. R2 had escaped, Luke and C3PO followed, they all ran into Obi-wan. Luke’s family had been killed, they hired Han to bring them to Alderaan. They found the Death Star instead. Leia’s eyes flew open and she sat straight up. They had been heading to Alderaan. That is how they ended up at the Death Star. A planet that the Death Star was not currently orbiting or even heading to, thanks to her alteration. Leia had no idea where it was, but that didn’t matter. They weren’t coming here. In her fear and panic of finding herself here she had overlooked the most basic element to her initial escape from the Death Star. Is that where she had made her fatal mistake with Vader? Thinking she knew more than she did? Or worse yet, not accounting for the extra thirty years to fuzz the edges of her memory? She knew this room, intimately, it had featured in her nightmares for years. She had not forgotten one single horrible thing about it. But as to the rest of it? If so, she was paying for her hubris now. This was her worst nightmare come to life, Vader was alive and he knew, and she was stuck here. She felt her breath began to shorten again as that thought once again echoed loudly in her mind. If she couldn’t trust her own memories of what happened, could she trust anything? If she was capable of forgetting a major detail as that, what else was she missing? Her fear began once again to eat at her mind, and she desperately fought for her self control. She didn’t have time for this. When the door opened her head whirled so fast she almost saw stars. Then she cursed herself for not paying attention. But the action was enough for her instincts to come to the forefront. With something else to focus on, it was enough to break her mind once again out of its spiral. She braced herself, only to find three imperial officers standing at the entrance instead of Vadar. She let out a small sigh of relief, then berated herself for, once again, letting her fear eat at her good sense. She would have felt Vader approaching. He did not have the most subtle of presences. They entered into the room quickly and again the door came down with that ominous thump. The one in front was a lieutenant, ISB, if she was reading his bars correctly. He was dressed in the drab olive grey uniform of a commissioned officer. He was flanked by two non commissioned officers, dressed in black, their faces slightly obscured by their elongated round helmets. “What did you say to him?” the officer in charge asked without any preamble. “Excuse me?” She sat up straighter, tense and wary. This wasn’t how she expected any conversation at this point would go. “What did you say to him? Lord Vader is barely in here, then comes stamping out, killing the two guards on the door and left the detention area.” He was watching her face intently, for her reactions. Then his eyes widened in shock and moved off her face to the wall behind her. She was puzzled to what he found so fascinating about the walls, until her eyes fell on the ones on either side of the door opposite of her. Those strong walls that were probably built to withstand laser tools, looked oddly pretty with the cracked damage. The amount of power it had taken to do something like that was not something to be dismissed. Leia shivered as she realized how easy it would have been for him to turn that rage onto her. The lieutenant was clearly coming to the same conclusion. His face ashen, he turned slowly in a circle, surveying the room, noting how extensive the damage spread. His voice wavered as he continued “Even for him, this is extreme behavior.” Why in the hell would they care? It couldn’t be about the troopers. Vader had a reputation of killing his subordinates who failed him, this behavior couldn’t be that uncommon? Well no, the guards in the hallway hadn’t failed in anything. She was still here wasn’t she? Think this through as an Imperial. Why would Lord Vader kill them? Were they potential witness? Convenient targets for his rage? Practice? There had to be a reason for this impulsive action. And someone, somewhere, had decided they wanted to know that reason. Especially if they were already on the lookout for a soft spot or a bit of leverage on Vader. “Not this one,” she thought, taking in his nervous body language “he is too far down the chain of command to take such a risk.” That left only one other option that was here on this station. “Tarkin sent you.” she said flatly. “Yes,” he answered uneasily, clearly not liking the position this fishing expedition had placed him in. Caught between the two most ruthless commanders in the Imperial hierarchy. Vader would kill him if he found out he had been digging. Tarkin would kill him if he failed to get an answer. “The Grand Moff is quite curious to what subject you brought up that has Lord Vader so angry.” He pointed to the device still hanging in the air mute, the solution of drugs still clearly visible in its needle “And since it’s clear that Vader didn’t use the droid, there are a whole host of subjects you and I will be discussing besides that one.” The color was returning to his face and his tone had slid into gleeful by the end. Clearly this was someone who enjoyed the dirtier aspects of his work. Wonderful, torture was back on the agenda. Well, she wasn’t going to tell this overconfident nitwit anything. That’s all she needed, Tarkin to find out about her parentage and weigh in on this fiasco. The fates only knew what he would do. Although it would be interesting what Vader would do to him in return, the cold analytical part of her mind whispered at her. If this whole situation hadn’t involved her life, she would have been delighted to have sown such dissension in the highest of the imperial ranks. Then Leia focused behind her interrogator to the two guards flanking him. Their body posture was loose and relaxed. They clearly were here as a matter of protocol, not because they believed she was any danger to them. She frowned, it had been years since anyone hadn’t taken her as a real physical threat. Well, why would they? She was a spy, yes, but also a politician, and a very young one at that. She wouldn’t read to them as someone who would have enough training or knowledge to pose any real danger to them. They had no idea at all that Leia had spent years with the Rebellion, and then the Resistance. She was trained, experienced, and most of all desperate to get off this hell forsaken base. Leia eyed the two soldiers, considered her options, and picked the one on her right as the best choice. She got up slowly from the bench, purposely keeping her posture loose and relaxed. She walked into the Lieutenant’s personal space and tilted her head up to look him directly in the eyes “Do you really want to know what I said to him?” “Yes, traitor, I would.” She gave the intelligence officer her best sunny smile and figured the truth would be enough to buy her the reaction she needed. “Lord Vader figured out that I am his biological daughter.” The officer actually took a step back in his shock. More importantly, at least to her, the two guards swung their heads to her and seemed momentarily stunned. “What now?” the Lieutenant asked in a high pitched voice. Leia took advantage of that precious moment of confusion and rammed her fist into the officer’s face. He cried out, backing away from her as his hands instinctively went for his nose, the blood already beginning to gush. Leia quickly grabbed the gun from the guard on her right and brought it up to fire at his companion on the other side of the room. The guard dropped to the ground as the blaster bolt hit him straight through the heart. The guard whose gun she stole, managed to regain his wits, and grab the arm holding the blaster. She dropped it immediately and twisted into his grip, bringing herself forward so they were face to face. She brought herself closer in so she could ram her knee into his crotch. He gave out a cry and his hand instinctively loosened the grip on her arm. He crouched over in front of her and Leia quickly grabbed his chin and the back of his helmet. With a quick jerk, she snapped his neck. Letting him fall to the ground she recalled her stolen blaster using the Force. The officer was just recovered enough to start reaching for his own weapon. Without hesitation she shot him in the chest and he too slumped to the ground. Panting, this body was not in the best physical shape, she waited to see if the soundproofing held. When there were no alarms or pounding footsteps she placed the blaster on the bench and got to work undressing the shorter guard. She undid her side buns and quickly wrapped her hair into a bun sitting low on her head. That finished she stripped off her ceremonial white dress. She ripped a strip of cloth from the bottom of her dress to make a makeshift breast binder. While females weren’t unheard of in the Imperial ranks, they were rare and they were almost never troopers of any kind. Hopefully the ridiculously shaped helmet would hide her face from too close of an inspection. And it would give her the illusion of being several inches taller than she was. The uniform wasn’t a great fit, too long in the leg and arms. The boots were bit bigger then she would prefer, but it would take a while for any blisters to form and she hoped to procure a replacement uniform before it came to that. The extra room on the sides of her leg did help as she stuffed the extra length of the pants down them. Hopefully the ill fitting uniform would give her some necessary padding to hide her slim build. The sleeves were a bit too long but she would just walk with them clasped behind her. For someone who only wore black bare boned robes the Emperor was fond of making the people around him parade in ridiculous outfits. Leia had no fond memories of the parties of the Imperial senate and court. The outfits were over the top, usually had enough feathers to kill a small flock of birds. Or so much fabric the person in them could barely exit a room without a personal entourage to help them. And these uniforms were the height of impractical. Looked scary as hell, a real liability in the field. This helmet reduced her visibility by at least a third. Even if the uniform had fit her correctly, the sleek lines and super close fitting would cut down her motion range. Even if they were very professional looking Leia prefered soldiers who could move. She searched the officers pockets for the remote access key. Imperial prisons didn’t have any interior panels to access the door. There was always a remote key on the highest ranked official, in case a quick exit was needed. She found it in his right pocket. She straightened up and headed to a little left to the door, giving herself the smallest profile she could from the outside. She took a deep breath, released it slowly and brought the blaster up. As ready as she could be she signalled the door to open. There were no guards. She really hadn’t expected there to be any. Tarkin was limiting the amount of people who would be questioned by Vader about this “interrogation”. Given how much time the people at the top spent sabotaging each other’s efforts it was a wonder anything got done. The New Republic might have been hampered by bureaucratic infighting but the Empire was no better. And at least in the new government odds were good you would walk away from a screw up alive. Well, it had. She shoved thoughts of the fate of the Hosnian system out of her mind. It was fine, Alderaan was fine, Han was alive. If you want it to stay that way get moving. She entered into the pentagon shaped alley, holstering the blaster as she walked, heading for the monitoring station. She kept her stride purposeful, but slow. Odds were fifty-fifty there would still be guards out there too. But there were definitely cameras in the room and any quick movements and running would catch someone’s attention somewhere. When she came to it, she let out a sigh of relief. For the first time since she had woken up, luck was on her side, there was no one here. She scooted around to the middle console and quickly brought up the footage of her cell. She needed to erase the last five minutes of footage….and apparently the trio of agents had already taken care of that. She was staring at herself, sitting on the bench, looking pale and wan. She mentally notched up the interest Tarkin had in this. He clearly had went to a lot of effort to hide from bureaucratic eyes that he sent those men into her cell. She wondered idly if he would have killed all three of them even if they had gotten her to talk. She shrugged, not her concern. The clock in her head was warning her to go and she walked to the elevators, leaving the level she was on. Leia was too practiced at walking through places where she didn’t belong to let the fact that she didn’t belong here throw her. She strode forward as if this the corridors of the Resistance base on D’Quar. No, her problem was the damn architecture. She wanted to gawk at the decor, with it’s black shiny floors, grey walls in it’s three exciting shades, with the circular red emergency lights along the hallway. The retro feeling of everything was casting a sheen of unreality to this. She understood she was in the past, but now she felt like she walking into it, and it was unnerving as hell. When she came across a group of officers, she consciously had to avert her eyes, as she realized she was gawking. The imperial uniforms of drab gray green were the same as her now dead lieutenant, but it had been years since she had seen this many in one place. The stormtroopers in their shiny white armour were also reading as fake to her. It wasn’t until she realized she was expecting the First Order’s version, with it’s subtle difference in design, did she understand why they were also contributing to the unreality of all of this. She walked down the hallways, aiming to move outwards. She needed a hanger bay and she needed a terminal near it. Perhaps it was petty, but shortly after his death the Alliance had cracked several Imperial routines. Tarkin’s last authorization code had been among the info dump. Leia had memorized it as a reminder to herself that even the most powerful could be brought down. She was somewhat smug in the fact that if she did make it off this base, it would be with Tarkin’s help. Being petty could sometimes save your life. After about five minutes she found a port window, overlooking a hanger bay. There were three Lambda-class shuttles, sitting in the hanger. It was a vehicle capable of lightspeed jumps. They weren’t fast, but Leia couldn’t afford to be choosy at this point. Grinning to herself she moved along the passage till she found a small alcove with a small bank of terminals for general use. Sitting in front of the terminal closest to the door she quickly entered into the system and looked for a floor plan of where she was. There was a supply closet not far from her that contained overstock of uniforms. Memorizing the location she then switched to the flight logs and selected the ship in the hangar that had been most recently been refueled. Creating an order, with Tarkin’s code as the authorized override, she set it for a departure in twenty minutes. She then wiped the logs as best she could. She stood up, and then made her way down the corridors until she found the supply closet. When she entered the closet she found it unoccupied, much to her relief. She grabbed an olive grey officer's uniform, quickly changed her clothes, and placed the black uniform, folded, in a pile with the others. Placing the helmet on a shelf lined with them she wished there was a shiny surface where she could check the neatness of her bun. She pulled the collar up, as high as it could go, hoping it would cover the bruises that were beginning to make their presence felt. Hopefully the skin was just red, not blue and black yet, but she was running out of time on that problem. Leia snorted, she was running out of time on a lot of problems. She pulled the standard cap over her head and headed to the hanger. When she arrived she gave the flight number to the mechanic on duty. After checking his orders, he waved her to the ship. Allowing herself a little more speed than necessary she hurried over to the open ramp.“Wait a minute.” a voice called out from behind her, full of authority. Leia swallowed her groan. Great, the deck officer wanted to chat. “Yes sir.” she answered as respectfully as she could muster as she turned around to face him. He was, as far as Leia could tell, in his mid-forties. Average height for a human, with mousy brown hair, had a few burn scars across his left cheek, and an attitude that he didn’t appreciate anyone messing in his little fiefdom. “Where do you think you are going in such rush?” he asked. Leia inwardly groaned. The honest answer was “Well you see officer I need to get out of here before anyone realizes I’ve broken out of my cell.” She replied with “I was ordered to fly this shuttle to the Caamas Sector.” “Yeah I got the order. Still doesn’t explain you moving out of here so quick.” he grumbled, clearly affronted by this disruption of his day. “Look sir, on any other day I would be more then happy to let you give me a hard time and dress me down and do whatever you want, but by any chance did you see who sent the orders down for this flight?” she asked, playing the part of harried minion. He gave an indignant huff as he looked down at his flight manifest “I don’t care what uppity Admiral thinks that he can just snap his fingers and…” his voice trailed off as he registered Tarkin's authorization on the order. “Exactly sir,” she said, putting a little bit of pleading in her tone “look this is my first post, I was ordered to do this and got pulled out of my meal break. I was told put a hustle, move fast, and don’t ask questions. I’m just trying to avoid the boot coming down on my head if I can at all help it.” He swallowed, sympathy replacing his earlier irritation. “Yeah I don’t blame you. Get going, I’ll tell the tower to clear your path.” “Thank you.” she said, letting her gratitude suffuse her voice ”I owe you a drink when I get back.” “Yeah yeah.” he said jogging off, Leia continued her ascent up the ramp. She ran through the preflight routine and switched on the comms “Control tower this is flight alpha-delta-eighteen requesting permission to depart.” “Departure granted flight alpha-delta-eighteen. Your path is clear to the meridian point where you are clear to enter hyperspace.” “Acknowledged.” Leia fired up the engines and left the Death Star behind her, nothing but relief in her. In hyperspace Leia sat trembling for a few minutes as the adrenalin surge she had been fighting off and on for hours finally was allowed to move through her system. She had a bit of time before she reached Caamas and she could use every precious minute of it to calm the hell down. She removed the cap from her hair and threw it unto the console. She could feel the worry and the fear building and she took a few centering breaths. This was not the time, she still had a while to go before she could give into her shock, but on the plus side she was no longer on the Death Star. So there was that bit of good news to cling to. She couldn’t go to Yavin, not yet. Vader was going to get over his shock at her parentage soon, if he hadn’t already. With her no longer available for questioning he would go to the next best thing, Bail. Not to mention that without its destruction Obi-Wan, Luke and Han- and on that name her grief came rushing to the surface. He’s alive, dammit, focus on that. They would all be there. That was a disaster waiting to happen. She had chosen the Caamas system for it’s proximity to Alderaan, it would only add an hour to the total trip time, hopefully she would beat him there. Since she had used Tarkin’s own personal code, there would be no shuttle logged as stolen. They could spends hours in a futile attempt to find her on the station. So that left her with a plan that hopefully wouldn’t lead Vader, or Tarkin, to think that home is where she had run too. Drop into the planned destination, program the navicomputer for Alderaan, destroy the tracking transponder and jump out. Without anyone actually looking at her trajectory it would be hard for them to pinpoint where the ship had fled to. She darted underneath the flight console to check and yes, the standard transponder was there. She would wait until she arrived at her jump point to yank it out. Some of the newer models had alarms that went off if tampered with and she couldn’t get a good look it from this angle to determine which kind she was dealing with. No matter, it could wait. Shoving herself back up to her feet she wondered if there was any food on this ship. Her stomach was growling and she needed something to do so her mind wouldn’t dwell on the last two days. She was surprised by the sob that broke out of her. “Not yet.” she talked to herself, as her chest constricted with the feeling of immense pressure. “No breakdowns until we are heading to Yavin.” There was an increasing amount of items on that breakdown list, but she shoved it aside. She needed to focus, get to Alderaan, get everyone she loved off it, and head to Yavin. It was the safest place in the Galaxy she could think of, a place where Vader couldn’t find her. She had been a soldier for too long not to take this opportunity to eat and rest and she moved to the back of the shuttle in search of just that. When the console beeped with the proximity alarm, she awoke groggy and confused. She was looking up at a grey dull ceiling in what her muddled brain swore was an Imperial shuttle. This was not a nightmare she was familiar with having. Puzzled, she started to straighten up, only to find none of the expected aches and complaints from her back in payment for sleeping on a hard floor. Leia bolted straight upright as the details coming flooding back. That beeping was the proximity alarm to Caamas, it was time to get to work. It was somewhat anti-climatic. Leia had dropped into the system, and she had been hailed. Gave her flight code, and was given a wait time and vector to approach the planet. She had seen the green light of the navicomputer blink on, dropped under the console ripped out the transponder and destroyed it with a satisfying crunch. She hadn’t even heard a call from control as she punched it out of there. Only twenty minutes left and she would be home. Leia felt herself fidgeting and barely able to hold still in her chair. Her thoughts were whirling in a confusing mixture of hope and disbelief. What if Tarkin had come here immediately after discovering her missing and demanded she show herself or he would destroy the planet? What if Vader decided to come here to grab Bail before continuing to talk to her? What if this was not her timeline but one very similar to hers and everyone was already dead? What if, despite all mounting evidence aside, this was a dream and she would wake up just when she got there? When the console beeped again with it’s approach warning Leia, with no little feeling of apprehension, dropped out of hyperspace. Alderaan filled her viewscreen. It hung there, a shining orb of blue and white. The mountain ranges, that were so famous throughout the galaxy for their beauty topped with snow. The wide oceans, with their deep blue framed the continents. The Isatabith rain forest, with it’s light green canopy, that she could see the entirety of from space. Leia didn’t even try to suppress to sob that came out of her mouth. She tentatively reached out a hand to the glass, stroking the image that she could see there, in all it’s wonderful full dimensional glory. This was no holo recreation. This was real, it was here, and she was home. After thirty four years of exile she was getting to come home. It was not a field of asteroids that was even now starting to form a ring around the sun. Or will start forming a ring. Or, and her breath caught on this, or never become that desolate sight if she succeed in this. She shook herself out of her euphoria, this was only the first step. She could revel in all of this later. For now she had a mission that needed to be filled or this was all for naught. She was hailed by the local control tower. “Unidentified shuttle, please state your name and purpose.” “This is phoneix eight two nine. I am here to see the Prince consort and Queen. It’s a surprise package they have been expecting.” There was a long pause at the other end as her phrase, identifying her as a friendly in a hostile ship, and identity code as the princess was absorbed. Then the voice came back on “The path is clear. I’ll inform them.” She turned her controls to the main continent and the mountain range where the royal palace was located. As she approached her tension mounted up. They were here. Papa and Mama were here. She didn’t know what to do with the riot of emotion rolling through her. As she approached the landing pad, located south of the palace, she noticed the other familiar vehicle parked there. It was the Millenium Falcon. Leia was surprised by the feeling of tears forming in her eyes. They were all here. Except for Ben, her entire family were here and so gloriously alive. She landed and quickly shut the shuttle down. She ran into the bay, lowering the exit ramp, cursing under her breath at its slowness. Even before it completed it’s journey down she was running off it, and as soon as she hit the ground she was running towards the entrance to the main building on the far side. Mid-way there two figures came out of the door. Bail was first, and the moment he saw her he started running his long legs eating up the ground. Breha gathered the front of her skirt in one hand and followed. Leia continued to run until her father’s arms were around her. “Papa.” she whispered brokenly, returning the embrace as tightly as she could. Her mother's arms wrapped around her from her back, and she cried. The feeling of them pressed so close, she could touch them, was touching them, was almost more than Leia could bear. “ Please don’t let this be a dream. ” As she clutched them tighter to her, she prayed to whatever had improbably brought her here, “Please, please, let me keep this .” Chapter 3 Notes: Well this took a lot longer then I was expecting. Real life came up and bit my ass hard. I'm still working on it going forward, but as always I can't guarantee when the next one goes up. On a much cooler note isaakfvkampfer did a translation of my fic into Chinese, which was super kind of her. I'm not sure how to get the link to appear at the bottom as a related work so if I'm overlooking something super obvious please let me know. ETA Link is in the notes at the bottom. Minor, and I do mean minor, Rouge One Spoilers. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Leia wanted nothing more in the world to stay here. This, right here, was a place that she had so longed for, dreamed for, to have it suddenly available to her was almost too much. If this impossible thing could happen, maybe she needn't worry about anything else. Just for this moment. It was that thought that broke through her joy. She knew better, her long life had taught her better. If she wanted to keep this she need to gather her wits and fight for it. She pulled back from her parents and they both faced her concern written on their faces. Bail, his voice shaking, asked “Leia, what happened? The last official word we heard was your ship had been raided and all aboard were killed. Then General Kenobi arrived, not twenty minutes ago and told us that you had been taken by the Empire. How did you escape?” She shook her head “That doesn’t matter. We need to leave.” She turned from them, intending to start the walk to the palace to get Kenobi and her brother. “Leia” Bail said soothingly, catching her arm “I understand you’ve probably had a very trying experience. But I need to know what happened. Did you reveal anything to the Empire?” And just like that the concerned parent was overtaken by the Rebellion leader. She had done the same thing too often in her own life to take offense. “Vader caught me, took me to the Death Star, and I escaped.” She avoid answering about how she escaped, she didn't have the time now to go into this. She pulled her arm, trying to escape his grip. “All you need to know is we need to leave, and we need to leave now.” “No Leia,” Bail shook his head “You need to leave. Preferable with General Kenobi as an escort. Your mother and I need to stay here and mitigate the damage to our people.” Now his voice changed to his lecturing tone “I appreciate, as your father, that when you ran you first thought to come here. But I had thought you knew better, you should have jumped to a more neutral location and then headed to Yavin. You have placed us all in danger.” For a moment Leia was flabbergasted. While she understood, from his point of view, it did look like she had made a rookie mistake, she was irritated that her father would think she would ever make such an error. Yes, the first thing most people do when fleeing for safety, is to run to a place that was known to them. But she would have never made such an error, not even when she actually had been nineteen. He trained her better then that. “You don’t understand,” her fear was catching up with her now, making her voice shriller “All of us need to leave this planet. You need to give the order for all the servants to scatter and burn everything. This is not a guess on my part, Vader is coming. And he’s coming for both you and Mama.” Breha spoke up in a soothing voice “You can’t know that Leia.” “I can and I do. I don’t have time to explain. Just please trust me.” She couldn’t tell them everything, they think she had run mad. Hell, she was living it and she wasn’t a hundred percent certain she could trust her sanity. And they didn’t have time to argue about any of it. Bail’s face revealed his skepticism “You're letting your fear of him rule over your sense. Why would Vader come here looking for me? Especially since it sounds if he didn’t have time to interrogate you?” She gritted her teeth, they weren’t listening to her. All they saw was there nineteen year old daughter who had a traumatic experience and was babbling at them. She had no idea if a bit of the truth would be faster, but it might be enough of a shock to get them to go. “Vader knows Papa.” Bail frowned “Knows what?” “He knows that I’m his biological daughter.” she said flatly. Bail paled, “What?” Breha let out a sharp gasp. “I came here for you.” she pointed at her father for emphasis “I couldn’t trust this intel over the comms. I came here to tell you to flee. Once he realizes I am no longer on the Death Star, you are his best option for information.” Bail swayed, shock written all over his features. Breha stepped towards Leia, tentatively asking “He told you that you were his daughter. And you believed him? Leia felt disbelief bleed through her. She had just told them their worst nightmare had come true and her mother's first reaction was to lie to her? For what, to protect her? It was too late for that, thirty four years too late. “It’s not a question of believing him or disbelieving him.” she told Breha flatly “I know it’s the truth.” Bail made a pained noise “When did you find out?” “Does that matter right now?” she asked exasperated. Bail shook his head “No Leia,” he said shakily “It matters. This matters more then you can possibly know. It is the most heavily guarded secret in the galaxy. How did you learn it?” She glared at him, that wasn’t even close to the truth. “I thought that was Luke. Although, if that's the case, letting him keep the last name Skywalker was putting a giant target on his back. Knowing how Vader feels about Tatooine you might have been smart leaving him there, but overall I’m not sure how much thought you and Kenobi put into this whole plan.” Breha admonished “Leia!” at her scathing tone but her father’s face drew in itself “You know about Luke?” he asked “I know a lot of things. The most important being we do not have time to spend arguing about this. We have to go. ” Bail nodded quickly “You are right, Vader will come. We will discuss the rest of this latter.” He turned around and quickly headed back to the entrance to the palace. She followed with her mother close behind her. She followed her father down the corridors of her childhood home. For a second the sensation of vertigo overcame her and she couldn't figure where she was. She fought down the panic. This was home, this is where she wanted to be. It was here, whole and in one piece. This was a long denied dream then why was she feeling like a stranger, a ghost really, walking among its familiar passages? They entered the great state room of the palace. She stopped at the edge of the grand arch leading into the room and stated in wonder. She had forgotten, how had she forgotten, the sheer scope of the room, with it’s two story high arched ceiling. The clear windows that lined the four walls reached almost as high, bathing the room in the natural light of the setting sun. The warm clear marble that lay on the floor was the work of master craftsmen, laid out with contrasting patterns in various shades of blue. It was wide and welcoming, the work of generations of Alderaanian rulers. It was the history of her people, bright, open, welcoming, with innate grace and power, writ large. Breha gave Bail a quick glance and said hurriedly, “I’ll handle the evacuation order and get our affairs in order.” She sailed past them, going on into the hallway leading further into the palace. As Leia stared in wonder at a sight she never thought to see again, her roving eyes landed on the occupants standing in the middle of the room. There, within the confines of her home, were General Kenobi, C3PO, R2 and Luke. She slipped into the shadows of the room, not sure she could trust herself right then on her reactions That’s all that was needed now, her sobbing all over everyone. Luke, she studied first. Her brother was a bright beacon in the slowly fading light, with his all white tunic, and matching pants. His blonde hair shined in the light and he was discussing something with Obi-Wan, before Bail pulled the older man away. Luke stood there, looking a little lost as stood alone in the huge imposing room. Luke was here. Luke with his presence in the force soothing her in a way that was difficult to explain. She had often wondered what their bond would have looked like if they hadn’t been separated, another cost Vader had imposed on her life. Then Han entered the room, Chewie at his heels and she couldn’t breath. The cocky grin, tight pants, and black vest were like a vision to her. A familiar, beloved, if much younger, vision, as familiar to her as her own reflection. He was here, and her heart leapt to see him safe. Then he turned to face Luke and for a moment she caught the expression on his face has he acknowledged that she was in the room, and moved on as if she wasn’t important. The reality of where she was was came up and hit her like a cold splash of water. This wasn’t Han. Leia felt her heart sink as she realized she was nothing but a stranger to him. It was Han, not a doppleganger or some weird variation that the timeline had spat out at her. But it wasn’t her Han. He was young, younger than Ben, and his eyes still held that cynical light that said he was out to screw the galaxy as much as it had screwed him. It was a look that had eased the longer he was with her. With Luke. Even Lando helped with that. And Ben, especially Ben. The look of wonder when the midwife had placed Ben in Han’s arms for the first time had made her cry tears of joy for the first time in years. This Han didn’t have that. He had Chewie, but that was it. On soul among the billions in the galaxy that loved him for him, and wanted nothing more from him then him. This was the Han who was the cynical smuggler, who would bite off your hand of friendship, convinced you were going to strike him. Even later, after all that had happened, her Han had never lost hope. He never would have confronted Ben if he hadn’t. Han was dead. Because their son had killed him. Leia swallowed the wail that wanted to come at that thought. She had forget, over the chaos of the last two days, for such precious moments, that harrowing reality. Bail, finished with his conversation with Obi-wan, turned to Han “We are appreciative of your help Captain Solo, but we are no longer in need of your serves.” Her mind retreated into a kind of numb detachment. Should she let him go? Would it be better in the long run for him? And her? She hadn’t thought the full ramifications of this though. She had been so focused on Han being alive, that she had missed the fact that this too was open to change. She wasn’t young anymore, she knew the particulars of how they would fall apart. Was she even capable of risking her heart to this Han at all? Would it be better, for both of them, if she and Han to never come together at all? Her Han had hope yes, and he had learned to trust again, but Ben had broken all their hearts. Would it be fair to subject him to that again? Leia shoved that thought aside, that was a question for later. Mentally she shook herself, now wasn't the time for this. Right here and now, this wishy washy debate was pointless. They actually did need Han. There was no telling how long it would take the to find another ship that the Empire wouldn’t immediately flag as possibly containing them if it was Alderaanian model. Han could be trusted, he was here, and any minute they could save was a precious. Leia spoke up for her shadowed corner in a firm voice. “Yes, we do.” All the men turned and looked at her in surprise. Her father, for her public contradiction, Han for her statement, and Obi-Wan for...was that amusement in the Force? Well she was glad someone was finding laughter in all this. Then there was Luke. He was radiating surprise and embarrassment, because she had startled him. He hadn’t known she was there. Leia couldn’t even remember the last time her brother wasn’t intimately aware of where she was and what she was feeling. This was Luke, clearly excited to see her, drawn to her like she was to him, but it wasn’t her Luke. He hadn’t walked with her, he didn’t know the sorrows she did. She was alone. She was in a room surrounded by her family and Leia had never felt such crushing isolation. She shoved past it, escape now, breakdown later, she reminded herself. Bail looked over at her and frowned “Leia…” he said warningly, shooting a worried look at Han. He didn’t trust him. The thought was so ludicrous Leia almost laughed. Well she knew Han Solo’s mettle and to what length one could trust him, even this young brittle version of himself. She laid out her case. “They won’t be looking for his ship, he’s here, and no friend to the Empire. I’m sure we can pay whatever ludicrous price he’s sure to set.” Her father opened his mouth to argue “We don’t have time, and we can’t take the one I stole. That will definitely be on all Imperial watchlists. It needs to be scuttled.” Breha entered the room at a brisk pace. “I’ve given the order for everyone to depart. Captain Salano had agreed to take the Imperial ship to the base.” They all stared at her “Waste not want not.” she explained “An Imperial shuttle is an Imperial shuttle. I’m sure someone will find a use for it, and he’s willing to take the risk to fly it out of here.” Han’s face went smooth and easy as he he slipped into his bargaining persona, as it dawned on him how tight of a bind they were in. “It will be an extra ten thousand.” “Done.” Leia agreed. She could have gotten him to eight, but she didn’t have the time to barter. Or the heart. His eyes shot up at her easy agreement “Well, you all are in a big hurry.” he commented wryly. “More than likely there is going to be an entire Imperial garrison here in less than an hour tearing this place apart looking for me. We’ll pay your inflated price.” He gave her a disbelieving smirk “You're an awfully little thing for such a fuss.” as he eyed her slowly from head to toe. Beside him Luke have an indignant squawk “Don’t you have any manners? She’s a princess!” She eyed Han right back, thought he was playing with a pampered spoiled brat did he? “And you are in possession of one hell of a scrap heap to be that cocky.” “Hey!” he said indignity, rising to the defense of his ship “She’s got it where it counts.” “That’s what all men say.” she sniffed delicately. “Leia!” Bail barked out, reproach in his tone for her manners. Chewie let out a bark of laughter. <She has you there pup> he informed Han gravely. Leia felt her face turn red as the implications of her flirting in front of her father, her father , sank in. That hadn’t been an issue last time around. “I believe in showing not telling.” Han muttered “Transfer the funds now. I have a feeling most of your legit accounts are about to be seized.” Leia couldn’t contain the wince that his mistrust struck in her. It was stupid, she knew it was stupid, he had no reason to trust her. But that didn’t remove the hurt his words provoked. Bail noticing her discomfort opened his mouth to rebuke Han, but she beat him to the punch. “We honor our debts Captain.” she told him, internally wincing at how frigid she sounded right then. She wasn’t sure she could manage anything else though. “It is the Alderaan way.” “It is also our way to give respect to those who give it.” Bail’s voice was of frosty disapproval. Wonderful, now her father didn’t approve of Han. Breha, in a quiet firm voice that brooked no argument stated, “I’ll see to your payment.” to Han. Clearly deciding the matter settled she turned to her daughter “While we have the chance you might want to change out of that.” she waved her hand over the Imperial uniform. Leia nodded her assent and walked out of the room, deliberately not introducing herself to Luke. Right now she could only handle one loved stranger at a time. Leia walked into her closet and selected the most practical outfit she owned for Yavin’s moist atmosphere. A pair of practical brown trousers with a light fabric off white tunic to go over it. With it’s sturdy fabric and clean lines it would give her the movement she needed. Pulling on her boots she walked to her dresser to survey the knick knacks clutter on it’s top. Leia had been on the run too often in her life to really miss things, but this feeling of sadness as she was surround by tokens and mementos of her childhood wouldn’t leave her. It was likely to be overrun with Imperial forces in a matter of hours, a day if they were lucky. She grabbed her to go bag and then quickly grabbed the photo holo in her dresser. In her youth she had never considered anything but the practical in her survival bag. Extra clothes, a few blasters, credits, all standard fare. But now with the hindsight afforded by her strange circumstances, she knew these holos were to be her greatest treasures. There were so many loved ones whose faces were blurred in her memory. So many places here on Alderaan that had lost their crispness in her recollections. Even if all went well, it would be years before she could return here. She slung her bag and walked once more out of her home. She met her father in the hallway, and together they exited the palace. Striding up to the Falcon, she was dismayed to see Han leaning against the assent ramp, hands in his pockets. She wasn’t ready for this. Bail, picking up on her hesitation murmured softly “We can find another ship if he bothers you that much.” She shook her head in denial. “We need to go, he’s here. It will fine Papa.” she assured him. He gave her a reassuring smile, then continued on as Leia paused momentarily to gather her courage. She never had this issue in actual fights, why did it have to sneak up on her when her heart was involved? As her father walked up the familiar ramp, she shook herself. Now was not the time to wallow. She jutted her chin up and strode up to the Falcon. “Well I’m sure the interior is not up to your exacting standards your worship, but she’ll get you where you need to go.” Han greeted her as he straightened up from his slouch. “You wouldn’t know a thing about my standards Captain.” she tried to keep her voice even on that bitter truth. She kept her pace firm and brisk. Just keep going, one step in front of the other. “My name is Han Solo. In all the fuss of you coming in and bossing everyone around I didn’t catch your name?” he asked behind her. Leia froze at that very logical question. How many times could her heart break today? Leia had the sinking feeling she was about to find out. “It’s Leia Organa.” she managed, turning to face him. “Not Princess Leia Organa? I hate to offend your sense of decorum.” he offered with mock politeness. “No.” He’s trying to get a rise out of you. Do not take the bait. At the lack of explanation he shrugged “Well everybody else is on board, so if we could move along I would like to avoid another Imperial blockade today.” She didn’t even have to think before her pride was answering for her. “Was that supposed to impress me?” So old patterns were definitely harder to break then Leia thought. The problem was it was only her side that knew this playing field. “Yes. It’s not everyday that occurs, I should know. Tell me, what did you do today that was so much more impressive?” He leaned against the bulkhead, smirking. So goddamn sure of himself. Screw it. Let’s take him down a notch. He could use some humility. “Well,” she said, tapping her forefinger on her chin in mock consideration “I was interrogated by Darth Vader, escaped an imperial battle station, stole a shuttle, and managed to find my way home with no one tailing me.” She gave him a wide mocking smile. ” But sure, if you want we can compare that to you running a small blockade on some no name outer rim world. That especially deserves praise since you are a smuggler, and I would have thought you do that all the time.” She left him dumbfounded in her wake. Han’s fears were ungrounded, because it’s only when he’s sure nothing can go wrong, everything does. They left Alderaan's orbit, without an Imperial in sight. Once they had entered hyperspace her father turned to Luke and said in a quiet voice, “My apologies, but I need to steal General Kenobi for a moment. There are things that we need to discuss with him privately.” Luke gave a bemused nod and wandered over to the cockpit. Leia, walked down the corridor, headed for the secondary hold. Her parents, and Kenobi following in her wake. This room would do, there was seating, as long as you didn’t mind it was crates, and it had a door. She settled herself against the far right wall, leaning against it for support. This was not a conversation she wanted to have sitting down. Her parents followed her into the space and settled themselves on the long high crate, her mother looking faintly bemused as she took in the mess around her. Kenobi choose to stand near the wall opposite to her, a questioning look in his face, as he examined her. “What did you wish to discuss that was so urgent and in privacy?” the Jedi addressed the room. So her father had decided to leave the telling to her. “Vader knows I’m his child.” Leia said flatly, crossing her arms over her chest. Obi-Wan’s face was more schooled than her father’s but the surprise was still clearly there. “What?” “Vader knows about me. But he doesn’t know about Luke, I made sure that of that. You are going to need to speed up my brother’s training.” Obi-Wan shook his head as if to clear it. “I’m sorry your highness, but how do you know any of this?” A human male appeared suddenly in the room, next to the older man. He was tall, with a long hair, with a long face, and a large nose, and dressed very similarly to Kenobi. He was also slightly blue. “Tread carefully Obi-Wan, there is something odd about the Force around her.” Leia started out her position leaning on the wall, her hand instinctively going for the blaster at her side, remembering just in time that shooting a ghost would do her no good. “Who the hell are you?” she demanded. Both the ghost and Obi-Wan’ focus sharpened in on her. “You can see him?” Obi-Wan asked. “He’s standing right there.” She gestured to the man. Bail, an intense look of worry on his face said gently. “Leia, there is no one there.” “That is not entirely correct.” the ghost contradicted mildly. Bail and Breha both jumped to their feet, as presumably their unwanted visitor made himself visible to them. “When I make an effort I can be visible to those without training.” he explained to Leia and her parents, then those sharp eyes back to her. “Which leads to me to some very interesting questions about where you received your Jedi training, your highness?” Bail frowned “She hasn’t had any. We didn’t want to draw attention to her.” Obi-Wan frowned “She can see him Bail, that says otherwise.” She felt the lightest of touches brush across her shields and Obi-Wan’s frown deepened. “You also are aware of your connection to Vader and Luke. Do you have an explanation your highness?” “Leia.” she said, biting her tongue on the automatic correction to General. He smiled softly “Leia, then.” he acknowledged “When and how did you learn any of this?” Leia sighed and rubbed her forehead. This was going to be fun. “I’m thirty four years from the future.” The looks of disbelief on their faces wasn’t a shock. But after the day she had, she wasn’t sure she could sustain any questions of her sanity. Looking to the door, to avoid reading their expressions, she began reciting the facts as she understood them “I went to sleep, on my own bed, and everything was perfectly normal. I woke up on an Imperial shuttle with absolutely no explanation. The when I learned is four years from now, or thirty years ago from my perspective. The how I know, is Luke told me. He learned that Vader was our father, and the fact that we are siblings, from Yoda. Who, as far as I know, is currently living in exile on Dagobah. Luke is also the one who gave me my limited, and I cannot stress this enough, limited training in the Force.” Obi-Wan’s voice was full of bafflement and disbelief “I’m sorry. Did I hear you say you're from the future?” Leia swung her gaze to meet his eyes calmly “Yes.” Breha made a small noise. When Leia looked over inquiring her mother looked at her sadly “You’re telling the truth aren't you?” she asked, hope and fear warring on her face. “That is how you know all this.” Leia nodded her head “Yes, I am. I know how insane it sounds. I’m living it and I can’t wrap my head around it, but it is the truth.” Her mother gave a small sob. Concerned Leia started to approach her, but she was waved off “Thirty four years I’ve missed.” she explained “It’s a lot to take in.” Leia felt her heart ache. Her mother thought that she was staring at younger versions of her parents, instead of the frozen versions they would forever be. No not forever, she had changed that, they were here, not dead with their world. Obi-Wan gestured towards her, disbelief clear in his voice. “That is not possible.” His ghost companion merely looked thoughtful though. She could have laughed at the irony. “Vader said almost the exact same thing when I told him too.” Bail came forward at that “If all of this is true, and that is a big if, why would you tell him that Leia? You just made yourself more valuable to him, not less.” Leia shrugged “I didn’t have many cards to play, and a lot to conceal. I thought if I told him the truth he would be intrigued enough to keep to questions about the future.” Bail sputtered “So the first thing you tell him is you are his daughter?” “I am not his daughter,” Leia snarled, this rejection cutting her to the core. “I am your daughter.” Breha came to her, sweeping her into a hug “Of course you are.” she whispered “You are our Leia. That was never in doubt.” She closed her eyes at the feel of her mother’s pain. “I’m sorry.” she said muffled by her shoulder. The pulling away she turned to her father and repeated herself “I’m sorry. You didn’t deserve that it’s just been,” and here she rubbed her forehead “a really long two days for me.” Bail got up and enveloped her in his own hug “Leia,“ he whispered “of course, of course” She shook her head and moved away from her parents embrace. If she stayed she would just ended up sobbing uncontrollably. And this was a conversation that need to be had here, in the relatively privacy of the Falcon. Besides they had so many pitfalls in the coming conversation that if she cried at every one they would never get through everything. Starting with their dead guest. She faced their unnamed ghost “But I have to say in all that time you never came up.” His mouth twitched, as if he wasn’t sure to be displeased or amused “Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn at your service my lady.” he gave a smooth bow. “General Leia Organa.” she said by way of introduction, tilting her head to return the courtly gesture. “General,” Breha questioned “Not Princess or Queen?” “No” she made the statement as curt as possible, this was not the time to get into that. “So I have a name Jedi Master Jinn. But that still doesn’t explain who you are and why you are here?” “I am an interested party.” he answered cryptically. Wonderful, either talking in riddles was a Jedi thing, or it was a force ghost thing. “He was my master,” Obi-Wan explained “and while I was on Tatooine he continued in that role” So cryptic was a force ghost thing. “Wait,” Leia frowned “I thought Yoda was your master.” “Yoda trained most of the younglings before they were accepted by an individual master.” She gave out a frustrated sigh “Did you tell Luke anything that was true?” she demanded. He gave her a startled look “If I am to believe you, then I have no idea. I don’t know what my alternate told him.” “Anything you have said up to this point falls into that category Master Jedi.” she pointed out. “Obi-Wan.” he insisted. “Obi-Wan.” she agreed out of politeness. He looked thoughtful as he gave her question some consideration. “Everything I have told him about the Force is true. I did train Anakin, he was a Jedi knight. The lightsaber I gave him did belong to your father. Anakin never mentioned it was for his children, I figured one of you should have it.” That damn lightsaber. The one Rey said Ben was obsessed with. She shoved thoughts of her son aside. He was a problem for a different day. A different decade even. “Everything else being true from a certain point of view?” she asked sarcastically. His smile was wry “That’s actually quite clever. Who said it?” “You did.” Qui-Gon snorted his amusement. She eyed him, but he offered no further comment. Then the thought occurred to her that he might know more about what had happened to her then he was letting on. “You are one with the Force, correct?” Whatever the hell that meant. Luke had gotten terrifyingly vague about that concept. “Yes General,” he answered “I died long ago on Naboo.” “Do you know what happened to me? Have you ever heard of anything like this?” His somber eyes regard her “I’m dead, not omnipotent. And what I sense around you.” he waved his hands in the air, vaguely drawing her outline with the gesture “The Force curls around you in odd angles, like it is trapping you here.” He paused clearly thinking on how to explain this to her “Time doesn’t move for me like it does for you. Like the Force itself, time is everywhere and nowhere. They are bound together in ways that are very hard to put into concrete concepts the living can understand. And since I am part of the Force, and it’s a part of time, I can move along that line backward and forward to a limited degree.” “How limited?” she asked. “Too limited to travel as forward as you seem to have come. I retain an essence of myself in the Force, and that is the leash that binds me. There is no power in this galaxy that comes without a price your highness, and this is the one I pay. If I let myself go fully into the Force, I could of course see that far ahead, but there would no longer be enough of me to care. And I’ve never seen a living being able to go backward and forward like this at all. My training master was considered one of the finest historians on the odder legends surrounding the Force in all it’s uses. He never mentioned anything like this to me. ” Leia’s heart plummeted “You don’t think I can get back.” He shook his head “No, I don’t. I don’t know why this has happened or how, but I don’t think there is any way for you to return while you are among the living.” She swallowed. She couldn’t focus on this now. She hadn’t had much hope really that anyone could help her, but to hear it in such finite terms was disheartening. She had only looked at the positives of what she was facing, it hadn’t occurred to her that the costs were just as high. “Wonderful,” she muttered. Bail looked at her with dawning comprehension. She could see the thoughts pass over his face. If a long ago dead Jedi Master was standing in front of him, explaining metaphysics of all things, it was certainly in the realm of possibility that what she said was the truth. Obi-Wan cleared his throat “While I don’t want to trivialize your situation Leia, I do have more questions about your conversation with Vader.” he said gently. Leia focused back on him. He was right, she knew he was right. If she was truly stuck here, they needed to know what amount of damage they were dealing with. She nodded at him to continue. “I doubt you would be foolish enough to tell Vader of your parentage. I assume he tortured that information out of you?” Her parents looked at her horrified. “No.” she said emphatically, trying to reassure them. “There was no torture. He figured it out. I thought I was being careful, but apparently not enough.” “Forgive me General” Qui-Gon stated “but those marks around your neck speak otherwise.” Leia had forgotten about them. Turing she spotted a reflective surface and winced when she saw how dark the bruising had become. She gave a bitter smile. “No this wasn’t him trying to torture me. I’ve been tortured by Vader, I know what that entails.” Bail looked horrified “He did torture you?” he asked disbelieving. Leia frowned as she realized she had slipped in her words. “Not this one. The other one. The one in my past.” She got looks of bafflement, even the ghost looked confused. Force be dammed, but tenses were very confusing right now. “The Vader from when I was actually nineteen, he did torture me.” She ran her fingers lightly around the bruises “The Vader here and now, he was trying to kill me at this point.” “What did you say to him?” Obi-Wan asked “What brought this on?” “Obi-Wan!” Bail snapped, clearly defensive at the thought the the Jedi thought she deserved what had been done to her. Obi-Wan wave his hands in the air, a look of dismay on his face. “I’m sorry. Too much time alone in the desert without talking to other people. I am clearly out of practice at it. I wasn’t trying to imply blame. What I meant was how did you provoke him to that? Vader is no fool, you are clearly an asset worth keeping alive.” Leia grimaced, this would not look good in the eyes of her parents. “I lost my temper, and told him that he was jealous that there was no one there to forgive him for killing his wife.” “Leia” Bail breathed horrified, “how could you be so foolish?” “And cruel?” her mother asked disappointed “If we are to be as mean as our enemies are we no better than them?” Given everything she had suffered at that creature’s hands Leia wasn’t much in a forgiving mood. Ever. Breha meant well, she knew that, but that didn’t coverage the twinge of discomfort that gently chiding brought. Her mother had no idea what Leia had endured because of Vader. She had a right to her anger, and not even her mother would shame her in parting with it. Offering him compassion was not something Leia would do. Her father, on the other hand, was entirely correct on criticizing her for the extreme foolishness of her statement. “That would have done it.” Obi-Wan muttered. “How did you escape his grip?” Leia frowned “I punched him.” she explained, thinking it was rather plain on the how. Bail “With your fist?” he asked puzzled. She shook her head “No, with the Force.” Obi-Wan stared at her before asking “And he let go because he was startled?” She frowned “No, because it threw him across the room.” the older man just continued to stare at her. “What? It’s not hard to do. Luke showed me years ago how to backup a punch with the Force. I can see why the choking trick works on non-Force sensitives, but it’s easy to break it if you know what you are doing and don’t panic.” “Easy.” Obi-wan said, with a wry chuckle, shaking his head in disbelief “Easy to do she says. Leia I think you have a very skewed idea of what easy is.” “I don’t understand.” Bail interjected “Leia, he has killed full Jedi knights with that little ‘trick’ as you call it.” “What? How?” The Jedi of old had been highly trained warriors. Why had none of them tried this? Obi-wan’s voice was filled with amusement “Well teaching Luke is certainly going to be even more of an adventure than I anticipated.” Then it faded as he regarded her again “You said he figured it out?” “Yes.” She was going to leave it at that, no need to go into the particulars of that conversation. “I’m sorry to say that punch you threw was more than likely how he deduced your parentage. Leia, even at the height of the Jedi, there were very few beings in the Force that were powerful enough to do what you did.” She looked at him, uncomprehending. It wasn't that difficult was it? “Meet him in the Force head on and push back.” he elaborated “I only managed it once, and he was half out of his mind during that fight. Even Master Yoda couldn’t, and it is probably beyond Palpatine's power to do so as well. With trickery and distraction yes, it could be managed. But pure power versus power, he is quite beyond most in that regard.” If that were true, why was he serving the Emperor? Why not simply overwhelm him and take control. This didn’t matter, move on. “Oh,” she bit her lip “I didn't realize that was the case.” Is there where things had gone wrong with the new Jedi order. Luke not understanding that the true scope of that power? She and Luke knew they were strong in the Force. It had been drummed into Luke’s head often enough with Yoda’s gimer stick. But did the problem really start with how powerful he was and having unrealistic expectations of how everyone should be able to keep up? Was that what had built the resentment and bitterness in her son? Bail shook himself “Then we need a plan to deal with him.” She shook her head “No, Vader’s not the main problem right now. The Death Star is our more immediate concern.” Obi-Wan’s eyebrow rose at that “What’s a Death Star?” “It’s a battle station” Bail explained, jumping in before Leia could answer “One capable of destroying planets.” Qui-Gon visibly started at this “Whole planets?” Bail grimaced “We know it’s capable of destroying entire cities. In theory it can destroy planets.” “In fact.” Leia retorted. Her father turned to her “Are you sure?” She saw, in her mind’s eyes, Alderaan exploding into dust and swallowed her anger. “Yes.” Breha looked horrified “The Empire used it?” Leia, not trusting her voice nodded an affirmative. Obi-wan groaned and put his face in his hands. “I truly am too old for this. Those are the plans that are in R2.” “Yes.” Bail answered “We can only hope that the engineer, Galen Erso, really did put in a weakness to exploit.” “He did.” Leia assured him “There is an exhaust port that leads to the main reactor. One direct hit and the station will explode.” They all stared at her “I did do this once before.” she said defensively, not liking the looks she was getting. “Yes,” Obi-Wan said slowly “and it occurs to me that if you give us a rundown of what happened that would make things considerable easier.” Leia opened her mouth to tell him how the battle of Yavin had gone then snapped it shut. It would be easy, so easy to tell them everything she knew and let them take over. But hadn’t that disastrous conversation with Vader shown her the danger of that kind of thinking? She didn’t have all the angles. These were events that happened thirty years in the past to her. And she had already made significant changes, what she knew could never come to pass. Could she trust them to make the right decisions with this? “No.” she said. “Excuse me?” Kenobi asked. “No, I won’t tell you.” “Leia,” Bail warned “I think we have more experience in these matters then you.” “No,” she answered on firmer ground here “you don’t know that. That’s the point. I have decades worth of experience, both in battle and political. I earned that rank of General, it wasn’t given to me as a sop or there wasn’t anyone else. This is too dangerous for you to know. It’s too dangerous for anyone to know, even me. But I’m stuck with it and for now I’m keeping my silence.” There were shocked faces staring at her from around the room. Qui-Gon interjected. “If you could explain your logic in refusing? I would have thought you would have jumped at the chance of ensuring a victory?” She thought hard for a moment, trying to phrase this in a way that would make them understand. “The more we deviate from the timeline I know, the less valuable my intelligence becomes. But will anybody be able to resist relying on it anyway? I already fell into that trap, thinking I could stay on top of everything and look how that turned out. I will say something if I know we are heading into obvious problems, but I’m not going to give anyone a full briefing this. It is too tempting to use.” “I understand your concerns, but surely not everything you remembered happening was bad?” Obi-Wan asked “No.” she conceded. “Not all of it.” Bail’s face brightened “We won, didn’t we?’ he asked. Leia thought of the final signing of the Galactic Concordance, they had all such hope then. Then she looked at the man who had set so much of that into motion. Who never lived to see that victory. She could give that to him now. “Yes, we did.” she said with a fond smile. There was no need to tell them of the shadow of the evil they fought had reared it’s head again, and within her lifetime. Besides, there were steps she could take, here and now, to help prevent that. Breha asks “So what if we try to stick as close as we can to the events as you originally remember them? To ensure that victory?” She shook her head “That’s not possible. Vader knows about me. I can guess, based off his alternate’s actions, what he is going to do, but I can’t know that for sure. That fact alone is going to alter what is coming. I escaped the Death Star much earlier than before. There are going to be major consequences for that action.” her father opened his mouth to question her about them and she shook her head. “No, I won’t tell you now what happened, not until the danger has passed. But trust me when I tell you they probably won’t be recreated. It’s already far too late to move the timeline back.” Obi-Wan stated “So you are going to decide what is best for the whole galaxy?” “With this knowledge, yes.” “Even though there is a good likelihood you can make the future worse.” he pressed. Leia squared her shoulders. “Yes.” “You are so like your father.” Qui-Gon remarked, and vanished. She frowned, yes Bail was secretive, but as a leader of an insurgent group against a tyrannical empire, one had to be. What exactly had he meant by that? Bail sighed, rubbing his forehead. “All right, we will table this discussion for now.” Which was her father’s polite way of stating he didn't agree with her and that later, when he had marshalled his arguments, they would be returning to the subject “But to return to the distasteful subject of Vader, did you tell him anything else about the future?” I told him about my son. I told him about Han. This why her parents had been right about keeping a reign on her temper. Not that this was the scenario they had envisioned about the consequences of losing control over it. “That Palpatine kills him.” Obi-Wan’s face had a fleeting look of pain cross it. “But not about the fall of the Empire. Not that Palpatine died. He didn’t even ask,” her forehead wrinkled as she pondered aloud “I don’t think it even occurred for him to ask.” How sad is that, to be so devoted to something to assume it will last forever and have it crumble around you so quickly. “That would have been a short conversation.” Obi-Wan offered. Now Leia did feel regret creeping up. He deserved the warning, she knew that. But she wasn’t sure if he could understand the necessity of her deciding that the knowledge she had of his survival was a card she had willingly played. “I also told him about you.” she said. He quirked an eyebrow. “May I ask as to why?” “I was counting on the fact that you were going to show up on the Death Star in a few hours anyway.” she explained “I didn’t think it would make that much of a difference and I had to tell him something.” “Well clearly that event didn’t happen.” He gave her a wry smile “Don’t worry yourself Leia. It’s a moot point. Luke’s training in earnest now and that would have drawn his attention regardless.” Then, the thought occurred to him of why he was so expendable to her. ”I died shortly after arriving on that station didn't I?” “Yes, you did. Vader cut you down and your body disappeared.” Bail asked disbelieving “Disappeared?” “Yes, it was all very dramatic.” She grimaced, thinking of Luke's pain on that day, then continued her tale. “After Vader figured out our...connection he left the interrogation room. I got lucky, Tarkin took an interest in his reaction and sent some of his men to question me about it. I killed them and made my way out.” “The future is always in motion. Although in your case it is the past.” Obi-Wan didn’t look angry about her disclosure, just thoughtful. She noticed her father’s pale face “Papa?” she asked concerned. “I never wanted you to be a soldier,” he explained, “and you casually talking about killing those Imperials prove that is exactly what you ended up being.” “Not for all of it.” she assured him. He gave her a small sad smile, but didn’t comment further. “I suppose you have no desire to train with Luke?” Obi-Wan asked. “No.” “Ahh, well I suppose I will continue on then as planned.” That sentence brought Leia up short. In the original plan they hadn’t known they were related. No. Oh no, they were going to avoid that damn awkward business in this time. “I’m going to tell him I’m his sister.” she announced. Obi-Wan frowned “Why?” Leia squirmed. She and Luke hadn’t really ever discussed this beyond that one time Han had sat them down and got them really drunk. “Let’s just say it will avoid any difficult situations rising in the future.” Obi-wan’s frown only deepened. “I understand you miss your brother your highness, but I don’t see how telling Luke now will do anything but distract him.” She glared at him, tiring of not being listened to the first time around. It was this baby face, they kept forgetting that she was actually near their ages. “You have two young people who meet in a highly charged atmosphere where they could die at any time. These two people fell incredibly close to each other, like they were meant to be side by side. That destiny meant for them to be together. What do think will happen then?” His eyes widened in horror as he comprehended her meaning “You didn’t.” She shook her head “No.” Then feeling in at least this she owed them the complete truth “But it was close though. Far too close for my comfort, and I need to be very drunk if I am going to talk about this further.” Now he looked embarrassed “Yes, of course.” He looked around the room. “Is there anything else I need to know before we arrive at Yavin?” All three of them shook their heads. “Then if you don’t mind I feel the need to mediate. This is a lot to process.” Bail waited until Obi-Wan left the room “We didn’t tell you? I can’t believe I wouldn’t have said anything.” She looked at him helplessly. But it was her mother, who understood first. “We died, didn’t we?” Leia nodded, her grief was an old wound, but it still hurt. Which was ridiculous. They were talking to her right now. Bail’s face fell “Oh, Leia.” Then he gathered himself “Can you tell us how?” “No.” It was an automatic denial. She thought of his reaction of learning of the death of their planet, their way of life. Then she looked him straight in the eyes, seeing as always the calm man who had methodically done what was need to be done for justice. She didn’t need to protect him. Not from this. She just wasn’t sure how many life altering conversations she had left in her for today. “Not yet.” she amended. Breha spoke up “Well I suggest we all take this time to rest. I imagine things will be quite busy on Yavin.” Bail nodded and started to the door “Are you sure we can trust this smuggler?” “Yes.” No hesitation and no doubt colored her voice. He gave her a disbelieving look “His presence clearly disturbs you.” “That is not his fault Papa.” He didn’t look reassured. “Why do you trust him so much?” “I married him.” The reply slipped out, before she thought better of it. Bail look shaken “You married that mercenary?” She opened her mouth to defend Han, but he shook his head, cutting her off “I’m sorry. This is a lot to take in, I need a moment.” and he walked out of the room. Breha came forward “He’s not angry with you Leia, he’s just upset. Give him time, this is a lot of information we have been given.” “I know.” she whispered sadly. She had wondered, over the years, what her parents would have thought of her choice of husband. Well she knew now. Her mother took her hand and squeezed it gently “I’m sure the Captain is a very nice man, once you get to know him.” Leia gave a small laugh, even as the tears began welling in her eyes “No he’s not. He’s really, really not.” She gave a half sob “He’s a scoundrel. But he was my scoundrel.” “Oh.” She felt her mother’s hesitancy and then gently “Can I ask what he did that has you so rattled when you look at him?” The tears spilled down her cheeks. “He died.” Breha gave a small gasp “Oh, my love. I am so sorry. When?” Leia felt herself crumpling “From my perspective?” her mother nodded “Yesterday.” Breha gave her a small comforting sound and Leia broke. There was no one here. No one she had to be strong for. It was just her mother, and with her she could sob in her arms and not feel weak. And she cried and sobbed out every hurt of the last two days in the only place in the world where she felt it was safe. Notes: Translation into 中文 available: [Translation]Of Queens, Knights, and Pawns by isaakfvkampfer Chapter 4 Notes: There is a small spoiler for the book Bloodlines in this chapter, but you don't have to have read it to understand what is going on. I also borrowed some dialog from the Leia comic, as I saw it as a mantra all Alderaanians would use. And RIP to Carrie Fisher, who was tragically killed in moonlight, strangled by her own bra. She was the co-creator and custodian of one kick ass character. She also managed the trick of being just as interesting and kick ass in real life. Thank you for all the inspiration and hope you gave me and so many others by being both Leia and Carrie. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Leia cried like she hadn't allowed herself in years. She cried for her parents, even though they were right here. She cried for her Luke, and all his lost dreams. For Ben, her son who was so lost that he had killed Han. Ben, who until yesterday, she was sure that could be saved. She had been wrong on that, so wrong, and Han had paid the price. It hit her here and now crying in her mother’s arms that Han was dead. Her Han, not the young man in the cockpit, so angry and bitter. The Han with who she had built a life, both the good and bad. She had told Vader, but the truth of what she said hadn’t been absorbed. The events of the last two days had somewhat numbed her to it, but there was no running from it now. Could she ever forgive her son now? Worse, because of where, no when she was, could she ever even contemplate the risk of even having him? These thoughts chased in her head, and she was horrified at herself for even thinking them. Would it be better for the galaxy as a whole if her son weren’t alive to wreck such havoc on it? She wanted him back, of course she wanted Ben back. But that wasn’t the situation that was being put in front of her. This wasn't her pursuing her son in order to get him to stop what he was doing. This was asking could even take the risk of his existence? Was it irresponsible of her to ignore the harm he could cause simply because all she could think of was her little boy staring up at her with wide brown eyes saying in his soft childish voice “Mama.” Or the bright child, who was so serious and awkward about everything? Then she thought of how lost her son had become. Maybe Vader was right, damn his soul, maybe there was no way to reach him. And lastly she cried for herself. She didn’t know what to do with any of them, Luke, Han, Chewie, her parents. She had saved Alderaan yes, but she had been so dazzled by this opportunity put in front of her, that she hadn’t realized, for all the promise this timeline offered, it would come with it’s own terrible costs. She was alone, she had been left by so many people that she loved she thought she had understood how biting that could be. She had been so wrong about that. Having all that history good and bad erased with everyone, she was a stranger to all of them. Her mother continued to hold her, rocking her gently back and forth, singing a soft lullaby. Leia felt a tentative stroke in the Force, hesitant and unsure, trying to get a guage on her mood. It was probably Luke, practicing in the Force with Kenobi. The gentle touch was filled with concern but was very hesitant. It drew away quickly as she turned her focus to it. Luke was probably just baffled by the storm of emotion, she reasoned. There was no else on this ship who could reach out to her like that, or care too. Leia began to feel the sobs lessen at that sympathetic sign of support, drawing strength from it. She was alone, yes, but she most certainly did not have to stay that way. She lifted her head to face her mother’s concerned face. She didn't feel better precisely, just purged for now. “Oh Leia,” she whispered “is this the first time you cried for him?” She nodded her head. “I just went to sleep, thinking I would have a good cry in the morning about it when the shock had worn off and I woke up on that damn shuttle.” Breha’s face was full of sympathy and shared grief. She cupped Leia’s face in her hands. Leia closed her eyes and savored this one victory out of the mess her life had just become. “Leia, I can’t possibly know how far you’ve come, when I think to how things were for me thirty four years ago to now, well,” she gave a gentle smile “I doubt I would be as calm as you. But know this, I am so so so very proud of the women I see before me.” Leia felt panic rising. “You can’t know that.” she insisted. “Can’t I?” “You don’t know how often I failed in the future. Look how badly I just failed now. If I had just held my tongue-” “Leia, Leia.” her mother interrupted, with a gentle shake to her head. “Listen to me. While I don’t know the particulars of what has occurred in your life, I do see a woman who has faced immeasurable evil, and came out triumphant. I see a woman who was put in an impossible situation, one that would most certainly break lesser beings. Who had the courage and wherewithal to come up with a solution to get out of it. Yes, Vader knows, and you see that as a great failure on your part. But love, think of everything you did keep from him. The rebel base is safe. Your brother is safe. These are not small things.” Leia opened her mouth to voice a denial but her mother cut her off. “You are always so impossibly hard on yourself. Pushing yourself further and further, always for some ever expanding goal. I worried, oh how I worried, that without your father and I here to tether you, you would spin yourself into nothingness. But you haven’t. You are here, still caring, still fighting, and not consumed by bitterness by what fate has left at your feet. You still love Leia.” and here her mother’s fingers began tracing the tear tracks still on Leia’s face. “Here is the proof. You still value that, and I can only marvel at the strength that must have taken.” Leia’s felt a smile grow on her face at her mother’s reassurance. She laid her hands atop her mother’s “Oh I have missed you Mama.” Her mother gave her a wide grin of love. “Well, I shall do my best to see that you don’t in the future.” Leia’s smile wobbled, but she held onto that foolish promise. She was too heart sore to contemplate losing her mother again so soon. She squeezed her mother’s hands again and dropped them. Her mother did the same. Leia was reluctant to break this mood, but now that she was calmer a question was nagging her. “Why did you lie to me? About him?” Her mother’s face filled with surprise “About Vader? Leia, you were too young to know. Your father and I always intended to tell you.” She already knew that. That damn music box that had brought everything down around her. She knew the message had been meant for after Vader’s death, by Luke’s hand or hers. Leia shoved the thought away. It was ungracious and unkind, they had good reasons for not disclosing the truth. She shook her head “No, I meant today. When I told you Vader knew, you lied to me.” Her mother’s face clouded with comprehension. “Oh. Then.” She shook her head ruefully “Habit, I suppose. It’s a long held reflex to protect you from that knowledge. And it was a rather large secret to keep for so long, we had to be so careful.” She laced her fingers together in front of her and squared her shoulders. “With what I know now I suppose it looks like a foolish action on my part, but I was trying to protect you. The daughter I remember talking to two weeks ago would not have handle that information well.” Her mother’s rebukes were always worse than her father’s. They were always delivered kindly, but that only made the cut that much sharper for her. Leia tried to remember herself at nineteen, then imaging herself then learning about her parentage. She grimaced, that would have been a disaster. Even at twenty three, with all she had learned about loss and betrayal it was a hard blow. And that had been with her brother at her side supporting her as he was the only person in the galaxy to know what that burden was. Alone, she would have spun into a self destructive rage. “Enough of this Leia,” her mother chided gently, reading her face. “It’s done. You came through and survived. There is no sense of dealing with what might have been.” Leia felt her hackles rise, and forced herself to calm down. Her mother wasn’t deliberately trying to be condescending. “Mama, right now all I am dealing with is might have beens.” she reminded her. Breha’s face now reflected embarrassment “Well, yes. I suppose I never thought of it like that.” Leia let it go. There was nothing she could do but be patient with her parents. They were taking the revelation of circumstances quite well, but it would take time for them to adjust to the fact she was now much older then she appeared. “I have a question for you, if you don’t mind.” Leia nodded her assent. She was fairly confident her mother wouldn’t venture into topics Leia wouldn’t feel comfortable in answering. Breha’s grin was warm and welcoming “I spent years wondering about this.” she leaned in and whispered conspiratorially “What is your brother like?” Leia laughed clear and free for the first time in what felt like forever. “I’ll let you make that discovery on your own. But, I think you’ll like him.” She was sitting at the dejarik table in the main hold, running her fingers absently across the board. Her mother had wandered away to the crew quarters, seeking her rest. They had time yet before arriving at Yavin and she had wanted a moment alone with her thoughts. This place was home to her too and all she felt sitting here were the echos of the conversations, dinners, and fights that had happened here. Ben’s laughter as Han chased him through these very halls. Chewie rebuking Han for some “improvement” to the Falcon that had gone wrong. Luke, silently laughing as R2 and Threepio indulged in one of their many bickering disagreements. And now all those events only existed in her mind. The ghosts of what might have been instead of what once was. Alderaan was a home she might yet restore to herself. Could she say the same about the Falcon? Should she restore it? She felt a flick of irritation at her own indecision with this. For once could she let it go, and let things happen as they will? Then she felt Luke’s presence at the edge of the hall and coming closer. She debated walking away and putting this conversation off. No, he would take it the wrong way. He was clearly looking for her and she didn't want their relationship to start on the wrong foot. The revelation of their blood ties could wait though. She was calmer, that was certain, but she didn’t trust herself fully yet to have another conversation about the situation she was in. For now, untill she had gained more of her equilibram from the the shocks of the last two days she would hold her tongue. Maybe it was cowardly, but Leia felt that she had earned a breather. He entered in through the door, and saw her sitting at the table. He made his way over. She stared at him, curious how this would play out. He was radiating nervousness and she was clearly not seeking company. “Hello, I am Luke Skywalker.” He gave her a wide nervous grin. Not as dramatic as his first introduction, but that was a fairly hard standard to beat. Even an hour ago she couldn’t have imagined being able to have this conversation with her emotions intact. But after the breakdown in her mother’s arms she felt much more level. Not that this wasn’t going to hurt, just that she would be able to deal with it better. He reached out his hand to shake and for a moment Leia was confused about the natural appearance of it. Luke’s smile wobbled a bit as she stared at his offered hand. Then her tired brain caught up with her circumstances and she quickly put hers up to clasp his not yet cut off hand. “Hello Luke.” she said, giving him the friendliest smile she could manage “I am Leia Organa.” He took that as an invitation and sat down next to her in the circular booth “Yeah I know. I was the one who found your message on the droids and brought them to Ben.” “That was kind of you, and brave.” He blushed slightly at the compliment “I don’t know about brave, but it was the right thing to do.” “It’s not the choice everyone would have made.” his face darkened at that and she got the fleeting impression of faces flash through his mind. Owen and Beru perhaps? She continued on the reassure him. “Well you are here, with a fugitive from the Empire and an exiled Jedi. That was certainly a hard choice.” His bashful manner disappeared, replaced by sorrow. “There really wasn’t much choice. My Aunt and Uncle were the ones who bought the droids. They were murdered by stormtroopers while I was with Ben. There is no home for me to go to.” “I am sorry for your loss” she offered consolingly “And that you, and them, got dragged into this.” And she was. There was nothing she could have done of course. Either this time or the last, but it was indirectly her fault the droids have found their way to Luke’s family. Or maybe the Force. Her brother wasn’t destined to be a moisture farmer anymore then she was destined to be a nerf herder. She regretted that his family had paid the price though. “It’s not your fault.” he said “It’s horrible that they are gone, but you aren’t the one who killed them. The Empire chose to do it. Hell, my Uncle would have sold the droids to them if they had asked. But instead they went or the most brutal method possible and that is not your doing. I want to help.” His face fell and then he gathered himself up and corrected to “I always wanted to help. But until now it wasn’t me that was paying the price for the Empire’s actions. It was all so far away from me.” Grief, naked and horrible, filled his too young face. “I miss them, and after all of this is over I’m probably going to have a good cry about it, but if it hadn’t been them it would have been someone else.” She didn’t remember Luke being this wise when he was young. Brave, yes. Loyal, yes. Insanely lucky also came to mind. But not this. When she thought of him at this age all she could remember was his wide eyes at every new thing he had encountered. While it was true his upbringing on an outer rim world hadn’t exposed him to the greater galaxy, he had never been navie. Anyone growing up in Hutt controlled world quickly lost that. “Well that is my sad tale of how I ended up here. How did you end of joining the rebellion? It’s not something I would expect a princess from a Core world to do?” She flashed him a teasing smile “Know a lot of princess do you? I’m disappointed, I thought I would be your first. You should tell me how I measure up.” “No, you're my first. Well not girls, I know a lot of girls. Well a few. Not well, or anything. What I meant was….” he trailed of as embarrassment flooded his face. Oh it was adorable, her brother was tripping all over his tongue and spouting what ever came to mind. Her Luke hadn’t done this in years. Frankly she had forgotten how tongue tied he became in front of people when he first joined up. It would be years before she let this Luke forget this. If ever. “Sorry, that was a dumb thing to say wasn’t it?” She laughed and gently rocked her shoulder into his “It’s fine. A lot of people think that way, it’s how I get away with half of the things I do. And to answer your question, I guess I was born into it. My father was one of the founding members of the Alliance.” Her birth mother too, now that she thought about it. How wonderfully ironic, that she and Luke were the children of the founders of the twin pillars of the galaxy. “Oh.” he looked very impressed. “How long have you been involved?” “Ahh...” she frantically tried to do the math in her head, and gave up “Since I was sixteen.” she settled for. “When I was sixteen my uncle barely let me go to the local outpost by myself. I can’t imagine being that trusted by my parents.” More than likely mistrust of the world. She couldn’t imagine, after everything she had heard of Owen and Beru Lars that they hadn’t had complete faith in their nephew. Hindsight would give Luke that revelation on his own though. Once he understood what danger he had been in his entire life, Luke had understood a lot of things about his childhood differently. “I’ve never met anyone who trusted droids as much as you trust yours. How did you know that they would complete the mission?” He looked generally puzzled by that. “Always trust the droid.” she told him. At his blank look, she inwardly sighed. Right, no experience with R2 and his endless capacity to get himself in and out of trouble. ”I’ve used them before.” she assured him “Many times in my espionage work against the Empire.” “You’re a spy?” “Well I was. I was a member of the Imperial senate. The Empire has dissolved that body though so I’m out of a job.” He laughed at the weak joke, as she had intended. Dammit, did he know their was no way for her to know this yet? Apparently not, he didn't seem too puzzled by her knowledge. “On the other hand it looks like there is new and exciting opportunities in being an outright rebel.” “Well, it seems like we’ll both be starting at the same point.” He smiled shyly at the thought. “I think I would like that.” she said gently, reaching out and squeezing his hand. Of course this is when Han, with his incredible timing for the worst possible entrance, entered the space. “Well isn’t this cozy?” he drawled, taking in their close postures. She frowned at his sarcasm, what had he taken offense too? This was his put upon voice. Beside her Luke stiffened in apparent outrage on her behalf. “Yes, it’s called talking. It’s something people do to get to know each other. You should try that instead of making snide remarks at everything.” She was definitely feeling jealousy from her brother. Ok, maybe she should have brought up the being related thing. She was still bone tired and shaky on her control, but maybe that conversation wouldn’t be as bad as dealing with this. “Don’t get all bent out of shape. I heard voices and just came in here to see how my passengers are doing.” Han gave them a wide saucy grin as he approached the table, clearly out to irritate Luke. Of flirt with her. Probably both of those things, honestly. “I like to think I run a full service operation here.” He gave a lascivious wink at Leia. “We’re fine” Luke gritted out. She was really regretting putting off telling him even for a day. She had forgotten about this...thing the two of them had about her in the beginning. No, she had made herself forget. She was going to end this now, before her face betrayed things she didn’t want to explain. “Well as fun as it is to be fought over like a rancor fights over a bone, I need to rest.” Luke looked up, slightly stricken at her icy tone, and she patted his hand in comfort “It was nice to meet you Luke Skywalker” “It was nice to meet you too” he said, smile restored. She left the two of them to their posturing. She wandered the familiar halls, somewhat heading to the crew quarters, but no real destination in mind. She spotted her father in the second crew’s quarters, sitting in a chair. He gave her a pained smile when he noticed her standing in the door. “Come in Leia.” Then he cleared his throat as his hand moved restly in his lap. “Leia, your mother spoke to me before she laid down to rest. She told me what happened to your husband.” his voice wavered on the word husband “I’m sorry I reacted so badly. All I saw was that he made you upset. I didn’t realize that it was for something that was no fault of his own.” “You could have trusted my word.” she thought, a little bitterly. No, that wasn't fair, he was in a difficult situation too. “It’s alright” she said. Bail gave her a flat look “So it’s not alright.” She amended “But trust me if I know anything about Han Solo is that he makes the worst first impressions. I’ll try not to take it personally.” He laughed “Well I can’t say that you don't know him.” then he sobered “Can you tell me how he died?” She shook her head. “It wasn’t an accident or illness if your wondering. But I really don’t want to talk about this Papa. It’s too soon.” “All right. I can understand that.” He hesitated and then followed up with “Can I ask what exactly you do see in him then?” It irked her that again he wouldn’t simple take her word for it. She wouldn’t have married Han if she hadn’t had good reason too. She chided herself for the ungraciousness of that thought. Would she have reacted any differently with Ben? Bail was looking at his only child, who apparently married a stranger to him. Someone, who to be fair at this point, was little better than a ‘mercenary’, as he so eloquently put it. He was only seeking to understand. She turned her mind over to all the instances of Han’s loyalty, his ability to make her laugh, his eagerness to meet her head on and yell back. But there was one instance that her father would immediately understand the significance of. “In what would have been a few years from now, we had walked into a trap the Empire had set up for us. We had sought shelter from a neutral party. We thought his offer to help us was genuine, he had no love of the Empire. Vader had beaten us there though and was waiting for us in a dining hall of all places. We walked into that room completely unprepared and he standing there waiting for us.” she swallowed her memory of the cold shock that sight had let her with. “The first thing Han does is pull his blaster and shoot him.” She gave a watery chuckle “It was useless of course, Vader deflected the bolts. But I’ve seen imperial officers breakdown in full fear at seeing the famed dark Lord of the Sith, but Han’s first reaction was to attack. That takes a spine of steel. This Han just doesn’t know it yet.” Her father hmm’d under his breath. He didn’t looked convinced but he also didn’t look as worried. She stood in the silence for a moment wondering if he had any more questions for her about her husband. Or about grandchildren. Force, how was she suppose to explain Ben to her father? “We need a story.” he told her instead. Leia raised an eyebrow. “For what?” “For how you escaped. I don’t think you want to tell everyone the truth about that Leia.” They would know. Everyone would know again and those looks would follow. Leia generally didn’t give a damn about people thought of her. But the stark fear that filled people’s faces as the recognized her as “Lord Vader’s daughter” had filled her with instinctive nausea and loathing every time. “Yes” she agreed “I suppose I do.” She thought for a moment, wondering what the easiest thing to say would be. “Sticking as close to the truth as possible I think would work best. I was captured aboard the Tantive V and they brought me to the Death Star. Lord Vader started interrogating me.” she fingered the bruises around her neck. “He decided I needed to be transferred to Coruscant for reasons I am not privy too. I killed the guards in the shuttle and changed the flight plan.” “It’s not the most believable story, but it will have to do.” Bail warned. “But I can’t think of a better one where you end up with possession of a Lambda class Imperial shuttle.” Then he frowned “How did you manage to do that?” “I used Tarkin’s authorization code.” He sat up quickly in his chair “You did what?” he asked astonished. She smirked “I used his code. I know his current one.” “Why do you know it?” Leia’s face scrunched in distaste “The reason why isn't important.” she downplayed. “More of the future you won’t tell me about?” She gave him a flat stare and he sighed. He returned to his original point “You're going to have people wondering about if you're a plant.” She shrugged “Let them wonder, I’m not.” “There are going to be plenty of people within the rebellion are not going to believe that a nineteen year old, with no formal combat experience, was able to withstand torture from Vader, and manage to overpower her guard. And they will have good reason not to.” That was her father, always pointing out the practical problems to her more fanciful whims. Only this wasn’t a whim. “I am trained though. You and my aunts saw to that.” He frowned, but nodded, conceding the point. “You said it yourself, there really isn’t a better story to tell them.” “Tell them the truth” At her negative reply, he amended “At least the high command. With your intel backing what you say they will support you against any accusation.” This again. “No. That is not happening. I told you why.” “And I understand what you fear. But Leia surely with several people in on the problem we can manage our way round it.” “No, Papa I don’t.” “I don’t understand why you are so sure you can make this better by yourself.” She shook her head “I am not that arrogant. I’m not sure I can make it better. What I do know is telling more people what might happen will make things worse.” That’s all she needed, committee based decision on possible alternate timelines. Her father switched tactics “Leia, I don't think you understand how this will affect your reputation. Mistrust is going to follow you everywhere. It might not ever go away.” She gave a bitter laugh “You think this is the first time people have questioned my motives. For all those years I was warning…” she trailed off as she realized she heading into dangerous territory. “No, we are not talking about that. Suffice to say I know what it is like to have people question your every move and motive.” He looked pained “You really aren’t going to talk to me about the majority of your life?” She shook her head. “I can’t. It’s too easy for me to give something away.” Bail’s sorrow increased “Leia, that is no way to live. You can’t spend the rest of your life forever guarding your tongue. You need to talk to someone. Anyone.” She felt her spine stiffen “Then that is the path I must walk. It’s not the first time I’ve had to stand on my own and it won’t be the last.” Bail only shook his head, but he offered no further comment. Disheartened Leia left the doorway. She found herself in the main hold again. She didn’t feel the need to rest, the talk with her father had left her jittery. He had raised a good point. Could she spend the next thirty four years of her life forever biting her tongue? Carefully weighing everything she said for fear that she would say something she shouldn’t know. Or was afraid she would change it for the worst? Well, if that wasn’t the definition of hell for her, she didn’t know what was. This was all going to end in disaster. She leaned against the storage cabinets and started softly banging the back of her head against them in silent frustration. “You're going to hurt yourself of you keep doing that” Han remarked from the hallway. She snorted “That is the least of my concerns Captain.” But she did stop the motion. “Han. My name is Han.” He walked into the room, approaching her. When he didn’t stop and instead leaned in close to her she flinched as she buried the instinct to turn her head into his chest and seek reassurance. “Relax.” he drawled, and then she heard a cabinet being opened behind her. He pulled his hand back so that she could see what was in it. It was a bacta patch “I was after this.” he handed it to her. Silently she took it from him and unsealed the package. He backed up a few steps to a more polite distance. “Sorry, it’s an ‘off market’ brand.” He gestured to her neck “Should be enough to handle that though.” She gave a small huff of amusement “A smuggler has illegally made goods. I’m shocked I tell you. Shocked.” Gingerly she began to apply the long thin cloth to her neck. It wouldn’t cover all of the bruising, but it would be a good start. “Well not all of us grew up in a palace.” His teasing grin faded as he took in the still visible portion of her bruising. “Vader huh?” “Yes.” “Never had the pleasure of meeting him. Heard stories though. Your lucky he wanted you alive.” “That’s me, lucky.” Yes, she was so lucky that she was his daughter. Maybe she ought to stop at every temple she came across and light a candle in prayer for that fact. At least it wasn’t Palpatine. Focus on the positive Leia, it could have been Palpatine. Let's just keep that happy thought in mind. “Thank you.” she said, gesturing to her neck, falling back on her manners. “No problem.” He stood staring at her. “What?” she demanded, unnerved by his silence and his staring. “Just trying to figure you out. Most people I know would be blubbering in the hall ways and be halfway to madness after an encounter with him. You on the other hand, sail right through bossing everyone around and generally acting like you haven’t a care in the world. Just wasn’t what I was expecting from a royal born on a core world.” She hadn’t been though. She and Luke had never been able to find out where they had been born. Maybe she could find out now. “I think you need to broaden your horizons.” “Oh trust me Princess, they’re plenty broad.” He narrows his eyes at her consideringly. “Maybe you just need to meet more people.” “Somehow I don’t think that is going to prove me wrong.” He gave her a flirtatious smile. “But you know the thing that I really don’t get?” “I’m on the edge of anticipation.” “Facing down the Emperor’s top enforcer doesn’t faze you, being on the run from the Empire doesn’t even produce a sweat. But me,” and here a pleased smirk crossed his lips. “little ole me. I make you jumpy.” “Don’t flatter yourself Captain” she shot back “I happen to like nice men” Liar her inner Han chanted. Shut up, you are not being helpful. “Is that a fact?” he hummed under his breath “I’ll keep that in mind.” And he sauntered away back to the cockpit. Leia watched him the enter way, admiring the view. She was only human after all. When Han announced, by yelling, that they were coming up to their destination Leia and her father both crammed into the cockpit. Han threw open the comms channel as soon as they exited hyperspace. Bail leaned forward and gave their pass code. Han started “Wait, wait, wait. Thought I was taking you to a meeting point. You actually had me bring you the rebel base. The actual rebel base. The one the Empire is offering a huge bounty for? Are you all mad?” His blue eyes were blown wide and his face was shocked. Bail stiffened and shot him a look. “Leia believes that you can be trusted and I have faith in her opinion” Well Han wasn’t rising much in his estimation. Han’s incredulous face swung to her and she arched her eyebrow in question. “Are you going to prove me wrong?” she asked. “Well….” he floundered. Chewie huffed. <She isn’t wrong about you Han. You wouldn't tell the Empire anyway. Take the compliment and more importantly the payment and move on.> When they disembarked from the Falcon Leia wasn’t shocked to see a large welcoming committee for them. Mon Mothma, Jan Dodonna, Davits Draven, and General Willard in the front as a group Leia and the others headed to them in the cavernous flight deck. Mon gave a wide smile as she spotted them. “Bail, Breha, when we heard the call go out for your arrest we were so worried” Bail gave an answering smile “We are safe.” He linked his hands behind his back and amended “If arriving in less than ideal circumstances. But I am happy to report that the plans are safe in this astromech memory banks.” He made a gesture and R2 came forward. General Willard made a motion and a group of technicians broke off from the side and swarmed forward to surround the little droid. Threepio made a small noise of distress and Leia turned to him “He’ll be fine,” she assured the golden droid. “They’ll take special care with him.” “But Princess Leia...” he objected, worry sharpening his tone. She sighed. “Go with him then. You aren’t needed immediately and I’m sure it will make him feel better” Threepio gave his thanks and followed the small crowd as they took to droid further into the base towards the data centers where they could dump the information. Mon Mothma watched them go and turned back to face them all and seemed to noticed the other passengers other than Leia, Bail, and Breha. A look of profound relief crossed her face as she took in the old man in tattered robes. Smiling, she walked up to him until she was only a few feet in front of the white haired man. “General Obi-Wan Kenobi.” she stated in her firm clear voice, looking at the old Jedi with wonder. Her voice carried clearly through the cavern and both Dadonna’s, Draven’s, and Willard’s head whipped to look at the Jedi in shock. A hush fell over the crowd in the hangar bay. All around them voices grew silent as faces filled with awe turned to them. It didn't seem to throw the old man’s stride as he gave a small smile and a deep formal bow “Senator Mon Mothma. It has been a while.” Her mouth twitched in amusement. “I’m not a Senator anymore,“ she informed him “just Mon will do. Bail mentioned he was sending someone to retrieve you. I cannot stress the direness of our circumstances.” Obi-Wan frowned “I’m not sure what I can do, but I am more than willingly to offer a hand.” He turned to Luke “May I introduce my companion? This is Luke Skywalker.” Luke, looking a little flustered by all the attention focused on him, executed his own clumsy attempt at a bow. “Ma’am” he said respectively. “Skywalker? As in Anakin Skywalker” she asked. Luke nodded. “He was my father.” There was a touch of pride in his voice. Oh, this was going to come back and haunt them all later. She shot both Bail and Obi-Wan a deeply unimpressed look. “I’m not sure why I am so surprised.” she said in a flat tone. Then directly addressing Obi-Wan “You did always have a flair for a dramatic entrance.” His mouth twitched “I suppose that is a fair complaint.” “Well, isn’t this just a day full of an unexpected surprises.” she said “Come, we have much to discuss” she looked at Bail, Breha, and Leia. “All of you, I can’t wait to find out how this transpired.” The following debrief was like all the other ones Leia had attended. A few relevant facts interspersed with far too much talking as everyone felt the need to comment on what was being said. She hated meetings. They were important, she knew they were important. She doesn’t understand why they always had to take twice as long as they needed to. As expected, her story about how she escaped the death star was met with a healthy dose of scepticism, but Kenobi's presence seemed to capture most of their attention. Fair’s fair, a famed Jedi General from the clone wars, with his equally famous partner’s son in tow, was bound to be more interesting than her circumstances. She knew better than to think that this matter had been dropped completely. Obi-Wan was the shiny new toy, but eventually the particulars of her escape were going to come up again, probably at the worst possible time. Captain Salano had shown up ten minutes into the briefing, landing it into the flight deck. After it was checked for tracking devices, she was thanked for the acquisition of the shuttle. But Draven was still looking at her with suspicion in his eyes. She was going to have to keep an eye out for him. After she was thankfully dismissed from the meeting, she wandered the base, not sure where she was going. The plans were still being analyzed, and the alliance high command, along with Kenobi, was debating what to do with them next. Tracking down the Death Star was going to be priority one, but the question was how? It was capable of hyperspace flight and they needed to get to it before any planets paid the same price as Alderaan almost had. Leia’s first thought was to copy the Emperor. Feed the location of Yavin to someone and see them coming, but she doubted anyone there would listen to her advice. The plan as too risky to the Alliance, and they weren’t sure they were capable of taking the battle station out. Maybe here is where she should give a hint to her father about the fact that it could be done. If Tarkin came immediately to Yavin, that was fewer innocent planets that need be slaughtered. It would be almost impossible to track the station, why not bring it to them? They could evacuate most of the personnel and supplies in advance off site. It was a big risk, but a calculated one. Although after all the losses they had incurred getting the damn things she sincerely doubted anyone on the council would be willing to take such a gamble. She didn’t see Mon, Dondana, or Willard signing off on that plan. When she focused in on her surroundings she was surprised to see herself back in the hangar bay, only thirty feet from the Falcon. Han was loading supplies into the ship, with Chewie helping him. Well, this goodbye had come up on her suddenly. She didn't want him to leave. She wasn’t sure what she wanted from him, but she knew she didn’t want him to go. Well, she never really had gotten what she wanted out of life, had she? She could at least say goodbye. She wandered over to the ship and gave Chewie a wide smile and grin as he noticed her first. <Han, the princess is here. Be polite.> he barked at Han. Leia laughed “Aren’t you asking a bit much from him?” she teased. Chewbacca stiffened and Han looked up from the cargo he was loading, surprise on his face. “You speak Shyriiwook?” “Understand yes. Speak, no. My accent was the bane of” she quickly switched out Chewie's name “my tutor’s existence. I have a good ear for the language, but I never quite mastered the tongue movements required.” <Take heart your highness,> Chewie offered <Unless you trained from a young age, it’s almost impossible for a human to master it.> “Are you ever going to make sense?” Han demanded. She smiled up at him “Why should I, it’s so much more fun to get you all flustered?” “So you're here to torment honest working captains of the galaxy?” he whined. Her eyebrow lifted in mock amusement “Honest?” His look of mock innocence was just as strong. He gave her a look of offense. “Of course.” Her smile dimmed “No, I was in the area and saw that you were planning to leave. I came to say goodbye and thank you.” “Don’t need thanks for a job.” “None the less you have it.” As she contemplated his more than likely next move, she felt the need to offer advice. He wasn’t going to take it, she knew he wouldn’t, but she had to try. “You should pay off those debts” she remarked. “Jabba is not someone to cross in that regard.” He looked at her suspiciously “And how do you know that your worship?” Dammit, she was going to have to learn to think before she spoke to him. “You're a mercenary working out of Tatooine, the only person who you could owe money to and have no possibility of escaping is the Hutts. It’s not that hard to figure out.” He still looked suspicious and she sighed “Either way Captain take care of yourself out there.” She was going to do this, she was going to let him go. She couldn’t force him and clearly without the experience of the Death Star to rattle him to the evils of the Empire there was no way to shake him out of this. Maybe it was better this way. Without Han, there would be no Ben. Her head hurt at the thought. But this wasn’t her choice to make, it was his. That’s when the sounding alarm of the base went off. Han frowned “We under attack?” he asked “No way they followed us.” Leia felt anxiety creep over her heart. Something was coming, something big if the Force was correct. “It does seem unlikely.” she murmured The alarms cut off and the voice that came out of the speakers belong to no one in the Rebel Alliance. “Attention all Galactic citizens. This is Grand Moff Tarkin of the Imperial Navy. This message is being broadcasted along all known subspace and communication relays in attempt to reach the insurrectionist terrorists known as the Rebel Alliance. I am currently aboard the newest weapon of the Empire, the Death Star. If the entire group does not surrender to face justice, I will destroy the planet of Alderaan. They have one standard galactic day to comply.” The message stopped for two beats and then began again repeating itself. Han’s face drained of all color. “They can’t do that can they? That would take more fire power then the entirety of the navy.” Leia’s ears were pounding, she had failed. All of her tricks and planning and she had failed. Alderaan was still in danger. “I have to find my father.” she muttered and leaving a baffled Han in her wake. She ran from the flight deck into the bowels of the base. There was panic everywhere, as pilots, soldiers, and mechanics were talking to each other, fear writ large across their faces. She caught up with Bail, just as he was about to head into the control center. “We can't surrender.” she told him. “Leia, you heard him.” Bail stated, his face drawn tight with resignation “If we don’t our home is forfeit. Billions of innocent lives would be lost.” She shook her head “We can’t.” she stressed “It doesn’t matter. Even if we did, he will still destroy Alderaan. And the entirety of the Rebellion will be lost, for nothing.” “Leia you can’t know that-” he started to say, then stopped. His eyes grew wide as the realization struck him. “That’s what happened to you, isn’t it? Originally.” She nodded “Yes, Vader’s methods were taking too long so Tarkin thought to speed up the process. I gave him Dantooine, but before he even checked to see if I was telling the truth, he order Alderaan’s destruction. Said it would be an example ’” she spat the word out in disgust. “ He swayed as the implications hit him. “Leia come with me.” He pulled her into the control room where Mon, her mother, Obi-Wan, and the rest of the Alliance leadership were around the display console, arguing in sharp voices. “We can’t surrender” he said firmly to all of them, bringing the conversation to a halt. Mom frowned “Bail, with all due respect, we cannot let Tarkin destroy a planet. We are fighting to preserve lives, not help end them.” Leia stepped forward “I agree with my father. Unless that station is destroyed Alderaan is forfeit. He has his new weapon and he wants to use it.” The leadership council looked blankly at her, but Obi-Wan’s and Breha’s faces filled with horror. Message received then. Breha braced herself on the edge of the display table and took a deep breath. “General Willard, have the plans been analyzed yet?” “Yes, your majesty they have. There is a flaw in the exhaust system that we can exploit, but if I might speak frankly, it’s one hell of a long shot.” Her mother was silent for a moment, and Leia held her breath, wondering at what she would decide. Then the older woman straightened up to her full height and faced Willard head on. “That is better than no chance at all.” Several of the commanders raised their voices in protest at her pronouncement. They continued for several moments until Breha spoke above them in a clear ringing voice. “I am Breha Organa of Alderaan. My family has ruled my planet peacefully for generations. We will not give into terror, especially if that terror is being wielded by the government in power. My husband and daughter are correct, the likelihood of Tarkin using this weapon no matter what we do is too great. I am Alderaanian. We answer rage with wisdom. We answer fear with imagination. We answer war with hope. I would rather we fight for one small hope then surrender to the darkness. And I believe my people would make the same choice.” Leia’s heart swelled with pride and admiration of her mother's clear and precise speech. Dondana spoke up “If we tell them to come to Yavin.” he suggested. Leia’s panic at the thought must have bleed into the force because Obi-Wan spoke up “I served with Tarkin during the Clone Wars, I doubt that he has changed all that much. Their majesties are correct. Tarkin will destroy Alderaan no matter what we do.” Draven’s eyes narrowed. He had noticed that both her mother and Obi-Wan were taking her lead on this. This was another tally being held in his mind against her. If she survived this he would need carefully watching in the future. No, when she survived this. Mon frowned “That is two against, and four for. Willard, your thoughts?” The older man spoke slowly “I’m afraid I’m going to have to agree with the assessment of Tarkin’s character. I vote we fight.” Mon’s face was wiped of all color, but she spoke decisively “While I do not agree with your assessment, I concede Breha, as the ruler of Alderaan have the authority to make this decision. We fight then. General Dondana, we will need your pilots ready in twenty minutes for a debriefing. I will make the announcement to the general troops that we have chosen to fight.” She closed her eyes and said in a prayer like manner “And may the Force be with us all.” Notes: Translation into 中文 available: [Translation]Of Queens, Knights, and Pawns by isaakfvkampfer Chapter 5 Notes: Hey guys, if you recognize the dialog it came from episode IV. Hope you enjoy!!! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) With the decision made the logistics were needed to be seen to. As he studied the schematics General Dodonna remarked to the room at large. “How long does it take to fully power up the station?” One of the technicians answered “Depends on what they want to hit. For a cruiser, about a minute. For the reported destruction on Jedha and Scarif about five. Fifteen minutes for a planet.” The older general frowned “That’s a long lag time, I can’t believe that it wasn’t sped up.” The technician shrugged “It was primarily designed to destroy planets, not fight in a battle with cruisers. The highers up in the Empire probably thought the lag time wasn’t a pressing issue. It’s not like anyone can quickly move a planet.” Leia wondered briefly to herself if this was another subtle sabotage by Erso. But it could also be simply the laws of thermodynamics exerting their will. With the man long dead it was impossible to ask. Obi-Wan spoke up from where he was standing a little off in the corner. “Tarkin could order it to remain powered up and Alderaan will be destroyed the minute those fighters exit hyperspace.” The tech frowned instinctively and shook his head.”No sir. There is no way he leaves that thing warmed up for that long.” He leaned down to the console and tapped a section of the schematic. Leia looked on with interest. “The capacitor’s aren't designed to hold the charge for significant portions of time. Slow build on the energy, but once it gets there, he’s got maybe, and I stress this is the max amount of time here, ten minutes to discharge that energy.” Leia didn't know that. Did Tarkin destroy Alderaan simply because he had too? That long ago interrogation took on new sinister meanings in her mind.There was no choice that she could have made that would have altered the outcome. Once he decided to threaten her planet with destruction it was doomed. She wanted to kill him all over again. Force willing she would. “What happens if he does continue to run it without firing?” General Willard asked “He might decide that damage is worth the risk to keep us from doing the very thing we are planning to do.” The technician shrugged “Go past that mark and some pretty critical systems start suffering from overheating as the capacitors start leaking energy. The most important of those systems is the thermal sinks they have built in to regulate the reactor. They could get temporarily get around that by exporting that heat to the station’s outer shell and bleed it off into space. But the conduits along that route aren’t rated as high and more than likely it will burn to death half of the crew in the process. As the energy build up continues the thermal sinks on the reactor will fail and station will explode. I didn't do the math so I couldn’t give you an exact estimate on that, but no more than a few hours.” Obi-wan looked considering at the schematic. “Not something he is willing to risk then.” “No.” General Draven snorted “Nor does he need to, even if we came in with what is left of our fleet it wouldn’t be enough time to fatally cripple that thing. That is probably why they built it so big in the first place.” Dodonna countered “But the one man fighters can get through those shields correct?” Again the analyst nodded “It’ll be a little bumpy, but yes. I looked over the plans carefully and to maintain shields capable of keeping small craft out wasn’t feasible, given the perceived value of keeping them out. That would require a massive amount of energy. Between the power requirements to run the functions of the station, the hyperdrive, and the weapon itself, there just wasn’t much left for a moon sized shield” “Thank you for your analysis “ Bail said, “It’s been most helpful” The analyst nodded and left. Breha breathed out slowly as she weighed the plan before them. “So the fighters have fifteen minutes before Alderaan is destroyed. That doesn’t leave them much time.” Leia frowned to herself. In the battle of Yavin they had thirty minutes before the Death Star has been able to open fire. This was cutting their attack time in half. Willard spoke up. “We can cut some of that by bringing them out of hyperspace as close as we can to the station. Given that Tarkin is still actively broadcasting the signal it shouldn’t be too difficult to triangulate its exact position near Alderaan.” Mon shook her head, “It’s still not a lot of time. Breha are you sure you wish to press forward with this?” Breha’s gaze fell on her daughter’s face. Leia gave a slight nod. Some of that long ago battle had been eaten up by the necessity of the fighters reaching the station. She couldn’t recall, with any certainty, how long it took the fighters to reach the station at Yavin, but it couldn’t have been more than ten minutes. This attack now would be cutting it uncomfortably close, but even this small chance was better than nothing. “Yes.” her mother stated firmly. Mon sighed “Very well. I will give the general call out and we will inform the entire base of our decision. General Dononda the pilot’s briefing will held in twenty minutes. Time is not an asset we have much of now.” As the various people broke away to fulfill their tasks Leia come up to her father and gently guided him to a deserted corner in the room. “I’m going up there.” she told him, keeping her voice low to avoid the possibility of being overheard. His eyes widened in panic “Leia, you don’t have the training, or the experience…” he trailed off as he took in her expression. “You do don’t you? Force Leia, did you go up there the first time?” She shook her head “No. At the time, as you so correctly pointed out, I did not have the experience. I do now. This isn’t my first dogfight.” “Leia..” he breathed disappointed. Leia swallowed the hurt caused by his reaction. She was who she was. She had tried the political route to secure the safety of the galaxy. She had hammered her head for years against that particular wall and in the end it was her skills planning and being on the battlefield where she was of the most use. And she would not apologize to anyone, not even her father, for that. She gave him a wry smile. “I’m a fairly competent pilot, not the best, but good. I’ll be fine.” “You can’t know that.” Worry lines were appearing at the corners of his eyes. “No. But what I do know is that I’m not sure a targeting computer can make that shot.” His face grew concerned “Then why did you push for this madness?” “A strong force sensitive can though.” she assured him “Luke is going to want to go, and I need to go along just in case. We can do this, I promise.” His face reflected his conflict, but he only said “Very well. I’ll inform General Dononda.” The pilots briefing didn’t bolster anyone’s mood. When Dononda entered, with her parents trailing behind him, he looked up and frowned as he took in their numbers. The gathered pilots low murmurs dropped into a visible hush as everyone noted that the room was not nearly as full as it had been three days go. Leia gave an internal sigh. This wasn’t the first time the Alliance had paid a high price for a win against the Empire. It wouldn’t be the last either. The only thing they could do was push forward and hope to hell the cost they paid made it worth. She would make it worth it dammit. She hadn’t been thrown into the past with no way to get home if she couldn’t in someway make this turn out better than it had last time. The mood didn’t improve as Dononda explained the plan, the pilots around her face grew dark. When he threw up the size and dimensions of the station, there were rumblings of dissent. One of the pilots asked the question they were all thinking. “Pardon me for asking sir, but what good are snub fighters going to be against that?” “Well, the Empire doesn’t consider a small one man fighter to be any threat or they would have found a way to create a tighter defense. An analysis of the plans that were stolen from the base at Scarif, and delivered by their highnesses has demonstrated a weakness in the battle station.” There were murmurs at that, but Donoda ignored them and continued on in a warning voice “The approach will not be easy. You’re required to maneuver straight down this trench and skim the surface to this point.” A hologram appeared on screen. “It’s a small thermal exhaust port right below the main port. The shaft leads directly to the reactor. A precise hit, and only a precise hit, will start a chain reaction which should destroy the station. The shaft is ray shielded so you will have to use proton torpedoes.” There is a murmur of dismay among the pilots and Wedge voices what they are all thinking “That’s impossible, even for a computer.” “But it’s not impossible” Luke interjects “I used to bullseye womp rats on T-16 back home. They’re not much bigger than two meters.” Her brother didn’t notice the fairly disbelieving looks that several of the other pilots shot him. They thought he was responding with a newbie’s bravado. Well, she had never seen him kill a womp rat, but Leia knew the value of the skills he had learned growing up on Tatooine. It was not a planet for the weak or stupid. Deserts were harsh unforgiving places in their own right, and when you added the corruption and brutality of the Hutts on top of it, well it gave one a very unique education on survival. Her brother had never understood this early on how extraordinary his talents and skills were. Breha stepped forward “I know we are asking a lot of you. But my planet is in danger, and we need your help. It will be difficult, but I do not believe it is impossible. Tarkin has made it very clear that one way or another Alderaan will pay the price. I would prefer we try to fight, but it is not my life on the line. This is a strictly volunteer mission. But, for everyone who chooses to go, I have faith that you will succeed.” The crowd settled and silence fell once again as they absorbed what was on the line. Dondaana proclaimed “Then may the Force be with you.” Leia turned to go and was surprised to see Han standing at the back near the entrance. She would have thought that he would have been long gone by now. He gave a shake of his head and he and Chewie disappeared down the corridor. She wasn’t sure where his head was at this moment. She gave Luke and small smile then motioned to him to follow Wedge to change into a flight suit. She hustled her way into the changing room and found a bright orange outfit for herself. She grimaced as she pulled it out. She didn’t remember these uniforms being quite so bright orange. Leia knew the Alliance was always short on cash, and it wasn't until recently they even had standard uniforms, but still. This was walking around with begging to be shot by anyone with color vision. Once dressed she walked quickly to the flight deck to find the chief acquisitions officer. When she explained what she wanted, he gave her a funny look, but agreed to her request. Smiling to herself she made her way across the hangar, heading to the Falcon. She spotted Han as he began loading his ship with supplies. He looked up at her approach, then dismay filled his face as he took in her flight uniform. “Are you insane? Going against that battle station is suicide.” his voice was condescending, but she see the concern he was trying to conceal. She sighed “It’s my home Han. I can’t not go.” She gave him a cocky grin “I’m not that bad of a pilot.” His eyes softened at that. “This is still madness you know that right?” “I have faith.” “I do too.” Luke came from behind her and slung an arm around her shoulders. Han’s eyes widened as he took in their matching uniforms and he asked disbelieving “She dragged you into this to?” “She didn’t drag me into anything. I volunteered.” Luke stated. “Of course you did.” Han looked pained. Luke looked around at the supplies around him. “You’re leaving?” he sounded surprised. “Why bother coming to the briefing then?” That was actually a good point. She raised her eyebrow at Han, silently backing Luke’s question. Han shook his head “Wanted to see what the fuss was all about. And after that briefing…” he trailed off “There is no way to win this. You should run while you have the chance.” Luke’s face twisted into disgust “Like you’re doing? “What good is a payment if you aren’t around to use it?” Han shot back. “Well I thought...” Luke looked around helplessly “You know what we are up against. What is on the line. We could use a good pilot like you.” Han threw his hands up in frustration “What is with you two? I’m a smuggler and I only look out for one person. Me. That’s the way the galaxy works kid, and the sooner you accept that the longer you’ll live. Like I told her worship here, it’s suicide.” Luke looked as if had been slapped “Take care of yourself Han, I guess it’s what you're good at.” he stomped off. Han’s face fell at that and he called out to Luke’s retreating back. “Hey Luke” Luke merely ignored him and kept walking away. “May the Force with be you.” Han continued on. Luke stopped for a moment, then shrugged and kept walking. Han sighed “Dammit.” She sighed “That was very kind of you.” He looked like he wanted to argue that but she just gave him a fond smile. “Take the compliment.” He looked at Leia appraisingly “Are you sure I can’t convince you to come with me? You are definitely calm under pressure. You can even drag the kid along if you like.I could use people like you in my crew.” “Tempting.” she admitted. More tempting then he knew. For a moment she indulged herself in the fantasy of the three of them running around the galaxy, answerable to no one but themselves. Hadn’t she done enough? Maybe it would be possible for her and Han to carve out a life together, one where she wasn’t so burdened with so many expectations and responsibilities. She had been fighting her whole life, and now she was poised to do the same fight all over again. She savored that thought for a moment then she let the fantasy fall away. That wasn’t who she was, that had never been who she was. She tired and she was afraid. Afraid once again Alderaan would be lost. Afraid that she wasn’t making the right decision in keeping her secrets. Afraid that she or Luke, or both of them would die up in this fight. But Leia had never run away from a duty that had been placed squarely in front of her. She wasn’t about to start now. She gave Han a regretful smile. “I’m afraid I’m going to have to pass on your offer” His look was one part fondness and one part exasperation “I just knew you were going to say that.” A look of embarrassment came across his face and he blurted out. “I mean that for you too you know.” “Mean what?” “May the Force be with you.” He spat that out so fast it took Leia a few seconds to parse out what he said. Then her heart broke at the meaning and worry behind that phrase. She took in the sight of him standing there, embarrassed and defiant. She concentrated on committing it to her memory. She didn’t want this face to fade from her memories like so many other loved ones had. She leaned forward, and standing on her tip toes, brushed a small kiss on his cheek. She said softly “And with you too.” When she pulled back his eyes were wide with his shock. But he only gave her a small nod of farewell. She turned, reminding herself not to look back, and headed in the direction her brother was heading. He wasn’t hard to find. He was doing unnecessary checks of the X-Wing that had been assigned to him, muttering under his breath. “Hey” she said concerned “What’s wrong?” Not that she didn’t have a good idea. “I just thought,” he sighed and straightened up to face her. “I really thought he might help us.” “He has to live his life as he sees fit. No one else can choose it for him.” Not even her. “Yeah, I know.” Luke’s voice was filled with his disappointment. To get him off this dour mood she gave him a cheeky smile. “I have a present for you.” He frowned “A present? In the middle of all this?” “Oh, you’ll like this one.” she reassured him. “I want you to use R2-D2 when you go up there.” And like his name had summoned him R2 rolled around the tail end of the ship whistling a greeting to Luke. Luke bit his lip “Uhh, that’s really generous, but who will you use?” “I’ve already requisitioned another astromech.” she assured him. He looked longingly at the droid, a familiar companion in this unfamiliar world. “But he’s your droid. Are you sure?” She laughed out loud. R2 hadn’t been her droid for a very long time. Not for the galaxy would she deprive Luke of his best co-pilot. This was a correction to her meddling that she most definitely was happy to undertake. “He likes you, you will work well together. Take him.” she urges. He gave her a wide sunny smile and knelt down to address to R2. “What do say, you want to join me up there?” he asked. R2 beeped a long affirmative whistle. Luke looked up at her from his kneeling position “Thank you.” “You are most welcome.” The floor became more and more crowded as the techs were hustling around them as they got the ships ready. Leia was about to give her farewells to Luke when Obi-Wan’s voice came from behind her “That is very generous of you Leia.” She turned to face him “It’s wasn’t really, just practical. R2 is old, but he’s clever. Luke is going to need every advantage he can get.” Obi-Wan’s face had the briefest flicker of amusement “Yes, he is.” he agreed. Before Leia could ask what part of her statement he was agreeing with, he called out “Luke. I was looking for you.” Luke, who was about to ascend the ladder into his cockpit came trotting back. “Really? What for?” Obi-wan looked at him solemnly “You are a good pilot Luke, but I’m been in a few battles myself, and this is your first one” He rested his hands on the blond’s shoulders and stared Luke directly in the face “Listen to the Force, trust your instincts. They do you credit.” “I will.” Luke’s face was wide and questioning, but his voice held steady. Leia turned to the General “Are you going up?” He turned around to face her, his hands dropping from her brother's shoulders. “Me, oh no. I dislike flying, people are always shooting at me when I’m flying.” Luke gave a muffled laugh and Leia rolled her eyes. “Luke?” a male voice asked incredulously. Her brother turned and his face broke into a wide grin “Biggs!” he shouted delighted. He ran to the man and they hugged. Biggs. Biggs Darklighter. Childhood friend. He died in the battle of Yavin. Leia didn’t know much beyond that. Luke had never talked about Biggs much after the first year with the rebellion. His death had been a grief on top of too many other grief’s on that horrible day. Well maybe not this time. “I told you!” Luke crowded “I told you I’d make it!” Biggs grinned “Well of course you show up now, when it’s the worst possible time.” Luke laughed “Just my natural good luck.” Biggs shook his head ruefully “As much as I hate to see you here on this mission of all missions, you are still the best bush pilot in the outer rim. We could definitely use you. How did you end up here anyway?” Her brother shrugged “That is a long story. But,” he tugged on his friend's arm, bringing them closer to her “there is someone I want you to meet. Biggs. Leia Organa” He gestured to her then repeated the gesture towards his friend “Leia Organa this is Biggs Darklighter.” She gave the man the friendliest smile she could summon “Charmed” she said. The flabbergasted look Biggs shoot Luke was rather amusing “Organa. Princess Organa?” “Leia is fine.” He shot Luke a look. “Skywalker what did you walk into this time?” Her brother’s mood was teasing “I told you it was a long story.” “Don’t believe a word this farm boy has to tell you about me. He lies all the time, it’s very tragic.” Leia schooled her face not to show her amusement. “I’ll keep that in mind.” Biggs finally noticed Obi-Wan standing beside her “Kenobi.” he said with a jaunty grin “Surprised to see you out here.” So the gossip hadn’t reached the whole base about the Jedi’s identity. “Darklighter.” Obi-Wan answered back smoothly “Still following Luke into trouble I see.” Biggs gave him a wide look of innocence “Oh no sir. He was following me.” Luke rolled his eyes, and Leia felt she was missing a very old joke between the three of them. Biggs grabbed Luke and pulled him away ”Now let me give you a few pointers Luke, this is a bit different then that beat up old skyhopper of yours.” Obi-Wan stood with her as the two men headed away. He was silent for a moment then in a quiet voice “You know he’ll be there.” She snorted. There was no need to ask the who Obi-Wan was referring to. “Of course he will be. There is a cataclysmic event in my life threatening to tear everything I love asunder. Where else would he be?” Obi-Wan’s eyes sharpened at her implied reference to future events but let it go “Keep your shields down tight Leia. As tight as you can.” She nodded, trying to keep her face neutral. She wasn’t Luke heading off to her first battle. Yelling at him that she was only a few years younger then him and she didn’t need any lectures wouldn’t be productive right now. As much as she wished otherwise. “And you should listen to your instincts too.” “I’m still not a Jedi.” she insisted. He looked at her appraisingly “No, but the Force is strong with you, and it always will be.” When the ships exited hyperspace for a moment Leia lost focus. The Death Star was there hovering over her planet. Alderaan had no moon, so the sight must be visible to everyone on this side of the planet. With Tarkin’s galaxy wide broadcast there was no way her people didn’t know their death was filling the sky. She steeled her reserve. They could do this. It had been done it once before. There was a wave of surprise in the Force, followed very quickly by panic. Concerned, she reached out to Luke, on instinct, to calm him. Her brother was worried yes, but he was focused and resolved to see this done. Then who…. “Leia? ” the unfamiliar sounding mental voice was tentative, as if he was hoping that it was some other daughter currently barrelling towards her probable death. She had expected him to be here. She hadn’t been expecting to be bombarded by his surprise, fear and worry though. Did he really think she wouldn’t come? Did he think she would just wait in worry while her planet was in danger? She threw up every shield she could, cursing herself for even letting a fraction of them down reaching for her brother. This was not the time to be caught in his panic and worry. Really, what was that about? Afraid his plans to use her would come to nothing? She felt him reach out again, not nearly as tentative this time, but all she felt was the impression of someone knocking at the walls she carefully constructed. Annoying yes, but not nearly as distracting as his voice had been. The stray thought occurred to her that that voice was probably what he sounded like outside of the suit. It was a nice sounding voice, not ominous at all and it definitely didn’t fit the image of all that cold black armour. She shoved it away, that was completely irrelevant, she had bigger things to focus on. “Would you look at the size of that thing?” Wedge said, awestruck. Leia brought her focus back to the matter at hand. “Cut the chatter Red 2” Red Leader’s voice nonsense tone filled the comms. “Roll Call” As the pilots in the red squadron duly reported back, Leia called in after her brother. “This is Red 8 standing by.” she announced over the comms. “Lock your S foils into attack position.” was the instruction that followed. As they hit the magnetic field, R7 gave a warble of alarm and began making adjustments to the deflector shield. Bit bumpy her ass, the X-Wing felt like it was trying to tear itself apart. When she got back to Yavin she and that analyst were going to have a chat about appropriate rating systems. Fortunately that part didn’t last long and they were through. As the Death Star filled her screen, Red Leader’s voice came over the comms. “Switch to the open frequency.” Leia complied and Tarkin’s voice filled her comms “Citizens of the galaxy, I regret to inform you that the rebellion has elected not to surrender, but instead have launched a small set of one man fighters against this station. As a consequence, they and the Alderaan system will be destroyed.Such is the fate for all who defy the Empire.” The message began playing again on a loop and Leia switched back to the Alliance frequencies. Red Leader’s voice was calm over the comms “Alright ladies and gents, this wasn’t anything we weren’t expecting. Everyone set your chronos to fifteen minutes. That is all the time we have to do this, and don’t forget to keep track. Keep your focus on the mission and let’s get this started.” “Red leader this is Gold leader. We are starting our attack run now.” The three Y-Wings broke off from the main group heading to the trench. “Copy that Gold Leader. We’ll cut across their axis and try to draw their fire” The rest of the fighters began to break off into their assigned groups of threes. They spilt across the surface as they began opening fire upon the station. Leia took a deep breath and followed her squad down and across the trench to draw the fire of the cannons mounted to the station. The barrage began swiftly, but wasn’t very effective. The cannons mounted on the hull of the Death Star were designed for cruisers, not one man fighters. Leia began methodically targeting cannon after cannon on her run. Her fellow pilots were also raining destruction down upon the mechanical landscape. As she saw fireballs bloom and fold Leia felt a well of satisfaction rise in her. This was only a small part of the station. The damage they were inflicting was nothing but an annoyance in the long run. But to see it, to see it for herself, the damage they were causing this abomination that was the cause of one of the greatest tragedies in her life was undeniable. “Heavy fire boss, twenty three degrees” Wedge let out. “I see it, stay low.” Red Leader barked. The voices burst into her ear, bringing her back into the present. She shook her head, now was not a good time to lose her focus, no matter what the cause. Leia banked and dodged as the cannon fire burst around her, concentrating on both destroying as many towers as she could find and keeping her senses open as she dared to keep track of her brother. Luke’s voice filled her comms “This is Red Five, I’m going in.’ She couldn’t see what he was doing, precisely, she was too busy trying to fire at the cannons, but Biggs panicked voice followed soon after his announcement “Luke! Pull up!” Dammit Luke didn’t have enough experience flying in low gravity. The Station was big enough that flying over it wasn’t like flying in space where you could pull up quickly. And it certainly wasn’t the normal gravity of Tatooine where Luke would know by experience how much he would have to fight the stick. She dropped her shields and reached out, Luke was worried and feeling a bit chagrined, but otherwise unharmed. “Are you alright?” Biggs asked. “I got a little cooked but I’m okay.” he reassured him. She rolled her eyes. Typical of Luke, I almost died doing an insane stunt, but I figured out how to do it and I’m mostly intact. So everything is fine. Biggs apparently also understood her brother because he didn’t lecture him either. “You are staying here. I’m going in now, cover me Porkins.” “I’m right with you Red Three..” Porkins answered. “Red Five I’m coming to you to cover your flank.” she announced. Leia pulled up from her flight path and brought the ship up a bit further from the surface to see where Luke was. Finding him she flew to coming to his left flank, and the two of them began their next strike run across the surface. “I’ve got a problem here” Porkins declared. “Eject” Biggs demanded. “I can hold it” he insisted. Leia switched on her comms “Pull out now.” Porkins “I’m fine Red Eight.” He insisted, sounding annoyed. Red Leader’s voice cut in “Not according to the stats your droid is feeding me. Your right stabilizer is blown and as of now you are useless to me. This is not a suicide mission. Get out of here now. That is an order.” Porkins grumbled but did as he was told, pulling out and heading away from the station. Biggs continued on with his attack solo and Leia kept her ship by Luke’s side. As explosion after explosion occurred on the surface, the amount of fire coming there way slowed down to a trickle. Then they stopped the barrage completely. Red leader’s voice broke through “We’re going to get enemy fighters.” Luke broke in “My scope isn’t picking up anything.” Red Leader’s advice came across the comms “With this much weapons discharge your scopes can’t pick them up from the energy disbursement around here. Stick to visual confirmation” Leia looked around frantically then felt a tug on the force. She looked to her right “I got them.” she announced “Sixteen of them heading in. Nineteen degrees.” Three other pilots chimed in with visual confirmation of Leia’s assessment. Red Leader’s voice was commanding as he ordered “Whatever you do do not let those TIE’s into the trench.” She banked and threw her fighter to the left, leaving Luke behind as she headed to where there were two TIE’s heading the way of Gold Squadron. “If you pick one up watch it.” Luke stated. “I can’t see him” Biggs sounded frightened. “Bigg’s I’m heading your way.” Luke’s voice was filled with concern and Leia opened herself up just a little more to keep an eye on him. One of the TIE’S in her duo broke off and she continued to follow his companion. “Thanks Red Five.” Biggs muttered. Leia’s relief was short lived as she felt Luke’s worry flare across her mind. “Watch your back Red Eight, watch your back!!” Red Leader’s voice broke through. Leia cursed as she realized that she was too focused on what Luke was doing and not enough on her own situation. The TIE who had broken off was now on her six. The proximity alarms in her cockpit started wailing as the TIE tried to get a lock on her. She began to swing her ship wildly side to side, helping her to evade his shot. “I can’t shake him.” she announced over the comms. “Red Six do you see Red Eight? “It’s a heavy firing zone, I can’t see her.” Well help in that quarter wasn’t going to come quickly enough. Listen to your instincts, Kenobi had said. She took a deep breath and listened for that quiet nudge that told her what was the best option, only to gag at the overwhelming swirl of Vader’s emotions. Her hands jerked on the joystick and her X-Wing bobbled. She quickly pulled it out of the dive she inadvertently sent it into. “ Leia !” she flinched at his mental voice, it was full of everything he was feeling, and at full volume. It also had the side effect of overwhelming everything else she could possible feel in the Force. Leia’s head began to ache with the echoes of it, and the cloying nature of his fear was making her heart speed up and palms sweat. Didn't he understand the value of restraint? At all? " You need to leave. I know what you are trying to do, I’ve taken care of- ” “ Are you trying to get me killed? ” she howled, her frustration at this situation overwhelming her distaste at communicating with him in this intimate manner. She was fighting for her life and he wanted to chat? There was a flare of shock followed quickly by the withdrawing of that wave of overriding emotion. Apparently, much like his alternate had with Luke, he wanted her alive. Well wasn’t that useful to confirm. She gritted her teeth, thankful for the relative silence now, and listened for the internal tick that would tell her when and where to move. “LEIA!!!” Luke’s voice was shaky “We are on our way.” “Sooner would be better!” she shouted over the comms. Then there was an X-Wing flying over her head, and the proximity alarms stopped their annoying wail. “Got him!” Wedge exclaimed. “Thank you.” she muttered, drawing her shields tight around her again, before Vader started yelling again. He was getting louder, and stronger. Experience with Luke told her that meant he was getting closer. Once he entered the field, their chances were going to slip further away. Damn it they were running out of time. And though she had long practice with her shields she had never been in a battle with someone so strong and determined to get her to hear him. Maybe Obi-Wan had a point about warning her, and was not being a condescending. “Red Leader this is Gold Leader we are in range for the targeting computer.” Luke’s voice “I see a new group. Three of them coming in on vector two nine.” Leia brought her X-Wing up just in time to see the squad disappear into the trench. The Force around her grew cold, even through her shields she could feel the sharp jagged edges of. Vader was leading that squad. She tamped down on the instinct to follow them. She had been given no orders to do so and there was still enemy fighters up here. “Gold Leader you’re about to have company.” She announced over the comms. There was an ominous silence as all of the remaining pilots not in the trench absorbed her words. “It’s almost there” Gold Leader breathed. “Sir we’ve got enemy fighter coming in on us” Gold Five stated, “They-” his transmission was cut off abruptly. Another life at Vader’s hands. This was not anything she thought she would have to grapple with ever again. Her eyes briefly closed in regret, and then she force herself to let it all of it go. She couldn’t afford to be distracted. She needed to focus on what she was doing. That is what had lead her to her earlier disaster of falling into a trap. “It’s away!!!” Gold Leader’s voice was triumphant. “Did it go in?” Red Leader asked hopefully. There was a beat of silence and a defeated “No, just deflected to the side.” Leia felt doubts close in on her. If she took into account Red Leader’s attempt at Yavin, that was two tries with the targeting computer that failed. She glanced at the chrono and she cursed when she read seven minutes. They had used up half of their allotted time. She didn’t want to send more men into that trench trying for something only she or Luke could achieve, but she had no way of making sure they were the next ones. “Gold Leader to Red leader, I am out of the trench, but I lost Tyree and lost Hutch.” “I copy Gold Leader.” “They came at us from behind-” the transmission was cut off in a burst of static. Red Leader called out “Red 3, Red 5, and Red 8, you’re closer to the entrance point and so I need you to start your run. We’ll wait up here and get ready for ours.” Leia felt a wash of relief come over her, luck or the Force, it didn’t matter to her who delivered this opportunity. It was up to her and Luke now, and hopefully more lives would be saved as they wouldn't be in the trench to be mowed down by Vader. The three up them briefly flew higher as they clustered together and then as one the swooped down and entered the trench. “Let’s go full speed, that should keep those fighters off our tails.” “Luke at that speed will be able to pull up in time?” Biggs asked. “It’ll be like Beggar's Canyon back home.” Luke assured him. As they flew down past the metal canyon walls, the guns did not start again. “Keep an eye out for those fighters.” Luke warned, as they got closer and closer to the starting point for the targeting computer. “Come on, Come on” Leia whispered pointless, urging the ground before them to go by faster. The lack of fire coming from the turrets meant that those TIE’s were near. Then that cold presence was there, making all the hairs on the back of her neck stand up. The proximity alarms started going off again, and Leia felt despair wash over her. Then Vader began banging at her shields again. Presumably he had started again because he could see where she was and figured she could handle the distraction. She gritted her teeth and ignored him. Whatever he was going to offer her to coax to try to get her to leave wasn’t anything she was interested in hearing. Then he opened fire, concentrating his efforts on Bigg’s ships. Bigg’s panicked voice came over the speaker “I can’t hold them.” Luke’s voice game over the comms “I’ve activated the targeting computer. I just need a little time.” Taking a gamble, Leia veered left, directly behind Luke trying to simultaneously cover her brother and to try to get Vader’s attention, but he was focused on Biggs. “Luke hurry up.” Biggs was genuinely panicked now, and Leia thought briefly of screaming at Vader again to get him to stop. She gathered herself for the shout and there was a fiery ball that flashed in the corner of her eyes. Biggs was gone. Because of her shields she couldn’t feel her brother’s reaction but she knew that she had failed to protect one of the last living links to his past. He was going to be devastated over this. Again. “Dammit.” she muttered. Then Vader began firing at her. The energy beams passed her view screen, with their deep green color. Leia let out a startled yelp and almost began to do evasive maneuvers out of habit. So much for wanting her alive. She stilled herself though. If she started to move, Luke would die before he got off the shot. He would die and Alderaan would die. And then she took a deep steadying breath, and analyzed what was happening here. To someone who wasn’t as familiar with his abilities as a pilot it would look like he was just missing. Leia had spent four years in the rebellion and was bitterly acquainted with the level of his abilities. The list of Rebel pilots that had lost their lives to him was long. She was also aware to her own levels. She was competent, but she wasn’t brilliant, and he was. She was almost directly in front of him and was doing nothing to evade his shots. He was deliberately missing, hoping to spook her into moving so that he could have a clear aim at Luke. “Tricky.” she muttered under her breath “Very very tricky. But I’m just as clever. And more importantly I’m not moving.” This was fast becoming a moot point. They were soon going to hit the point of no return and Luke was still not reaching out with the Force. His targeting computer was still trying to calculate and it probably wouldn’t work anyway. She couldn’t make the shot, not while he was in the way. But she couldn’t move or Vader would take him out. This was something she wanted to avoid. She had no desire to have Vader become aware of Luke, and at this close he would sense anything her brother did. Luke was just as loud as she was in the Force. But if she did nothing, Alderaan was lost. She bit her lip as she weighed her brother's anonymity with her planet’s survival. Luke would be the first one to kick her ass for this line of thinking. His temporary safety against billions of lives, it wouldn't even be a question for him. He wanted to train as a Jedi, Vader was going to learn about him one way or another. She would prefer to have it happen later, but there was no sense in railing against it now. Bracing herself, she reached out, knowing that this would weaken her shields. She made a note to practice this in the future. She knew it was possible to both maintain them and talk mentally, she just didn’t have enough practice to keep Vader out. “ Luke .” she whispered into the Force, feeling his shock and confusion at her voice. She continued, hoping against hope that he would believe this was real and not a figment of his imagination “ Luke, the targeting computer won’t work. Please, trust your instincts .” “ LEIA!!! ” reverberated in her skull. She flinched automatically at his bellow, and did her best to ignore him. “ This will work .” she put every bit of faith and love she held for him into that sentence “ Please Luke, we are running out of time. Trust me. Trust the Force. Take the shot.” “ LEIA PLEASE LISTEN TO ME! ” Dammit did he ever shut up? “Luke, you’ve turn off your targeting computer. Is everything alright?” Red Leader asked. “Yeah, I’m alright” he assured them “Everything is okay.” She felt him reach out, like a baby bird trying it’s first flight, wobble and unsure. That got Vader’s attention, and she felt his focus break from her as he concentrated on this new development. She held her breath as Luke tried to make sense of what he was feeling. Then a bright flare of confusion and fear tore through the Force like ripples in a pond. She felt Vader’s cold dark presence move rapidly away from her. Then there was a most loved voice, repeating something she had heard in one of her darkest moments. “You’re all clear kid,” Han crowded across the comms “now let’s blow this thing and go home.” Leia felt her brother’s calm focused moment and then the torpedoes were away. She whooped as the entered the port and quickly disappeared. She and Luke pulled out of the trench and ascended out of the trench. Once they hit the surface they kept at full speed, trying to place as much distance between themselves and the Death Star as they could. “Great shot kid, that was one in a million!!!” “Good job Red Five.” she said, echoing Han. There were whoops and calls on the comm as the surviving pilots realized what had been accomplished. Red Leader’s voice cut through all of it. “Alright boys and girls, let’s get out of here.” And they all exited to hyperspace. When they arrived on Yavin Leia quickly descended from her cockpit and went running to Luke. “You did it!” she crowed. He grinned and returned the hug just as enthusiastically. “Thanks to you” he whispered in her ear. Pulling back slightly he gave her a puzzled look “That was you, right?” She nodded “Later.” she promised “I’ll explain everything later.” Then Han’s arms were around both of them.“That was without a doubt the best flying I have ever seen!!” he shouted jubilantly. “I knew you would come back!” Leia teased, enjoying the feeling of his hug “If only for the reward.” His grin faltered for a moment, then seeing her grin, he realized she wasn't being serious. “Oh of course.” he said “I’m only in it for myself!” Then he shook his head “You two are in a serious need of a keeper.” “Are you volunteering?” she asked, delighted by the glimmer of hope in his eyes. He opened his mouth to answer but Chewie gave a roar of victory and enclosed all of them in his embrace, practically pulling them all off the floor. Leia was still laughing when it seemed the the rest of the rebellion descended on them. Notes: Translation into 中文 available: [Translation]Of Queens, Knights, and Pawns by isaakfvkampfer Chapter 6 Notes: Hey guys, fair warning, from now on in the story I will be using the books and comics set in the new canon between ANH and ESB. If you don't want to be spoiled for any of it, I suggest stop reading now. Other then that I hope you enjoy!!! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) ABA (After the Battle of Alderaan) - Day 1 Leia was asleep, at least she was reasonably certain she was asleep, in that state of neither here nor there. Where she believed whole heartedly she was dreaming, and also at the same time that everything happening was real. Mon Mothma was sitting at her desk, in her office as Chancellor for the New Republic. It was a wide open space, the walls painted a cheery yellow, dominated by three circular windows at the back. The room itself was sparsely furnished, only seating and two tables flanking the doors. There were no adornments hanging on the walls. Leia often thought that it was almost too sterile, but she understood Mon’s political statement of the shunning of Palpatine's excesses in decoration. Mon’s desk sat in the middle of the room, the light pouring onto her and lightening up her flame red hair. She was calm and cool as always when she spoke “It is vital to the survival of the New Republic that we open a restaurant on the floor of the Senate, Leia” Leia frowned at this. There were so many arguments against this insane plan of action she wasn’t even sure where to start. She was just opening her mouth to voice some of them when she felt a hard push against her shields. Frowning she turned to the door, wondering who was trying to get in. Mon continued on, and she turned her head back to the woman. “When the Senators are hungry they get grumpy.” She gave Leia a pleading look. “And when they are grumpy none of the bills we need to pass come to anything. Leia, you are one of my most astute and trusted political advisers, I need your support on this.” That push came again and Leia turned away from the older woman, to stare at the door in puzzlement. Who would be so rude as to interrupt them now? She frowned as she recognized the presence behind the annoyance. It was him. Well, she didn’t want to talk to him, she was too busy trying to tear down everything he built. “Chancellor, if you could give me a moment.” she explained to Mon and resolutely got up. Heading to one of the tables at the side of the door, she pulled it across the entrance as a barrier. Satisfied she nodded, that would keep him out. When she turned back around Mon raised an eyebrow in inquiry “Are you quite finished Leia? I told the guards not to let anyone in, I hardly think that was necessary.” Leia muttered “Can’t be too careful nowadays.” She returned to her seat and began her counter arguments “Mon, we don’t have the permits needed to open a restaurant on the Senate floor. It will take months to acquire them and with so many species represented here I don’t think it would very practical in any case.The food the Bothans eat would drive the Wookie contingent crazy with the smell alone. And we need to pass the bill of rights for nerf herders now, or they will withdraw their support.” Mon sighed “I understand all of this Leia, but I-” the rest of her sentence was cut off as a loud wail of pain came through the door. Leia turned in annoyance to yell at him, she really didn’t have time for this right now. Couldn’t he sense she was busy? Then the wail came again and Leia shivered when she recognized the sound of that voice. It was Luke, not him, and her brother was in pain. The part of her that believed this was real disappeared as, without thinking she stepped into her brother’s mind, that office from so long ago fading away. She was standing in the desert, watching several small buildings burn in front of her. There was destruction all around, but the figure who standing in front of it all, was focused on one particular site above all others. The pair of skeletons, stripped of all recognizable features by the fire, were splayed carelessly in front of the building closest to them. She sighed, this was an old nightmare, as familiar to her as one of her own. She stepped up to the figure watching it all, with disbelief and grief swirling around him. “This wasn’t your fault Luke.” she said as gently as she could, grabbing his hand in hers, sending him comfort. His head turned to look down on her, his eyes wide and startled as he took her in. “Leia?” he asked in a high pitched voice “What are you doing here?” Leia felt her eyes snap open as she reacted to her brother’s surprise and was startled to see the rough worn walls of an unfamiliar complex meet her eyes. No, not unfamiliar. An old base she hadn't thought of in years, Yavin, she was on Yavin. The last few days flew into her mind and she sat up in bed cursing. She was in the past, Alderaan was saved, and she just walked into her brother’s nineteen year old mind, without so much as a by your leave. Well hell, this was a massive screw up on her part. She got dressed and headed to the hallways. She wasn’t getting back to sleep now. She vaguely knew where her brother had been stationed and she followed her sense of him to guide her to his location. He was so unguarded that he was leaking his confusion and panic everywhere and Leia resisted the urge to delve deeper into that. It would be...not good, to take advantage of him like that. He didn’t understand what was going on around him and he hadn’t given her permission to delve into his mind. She was half surprised she hadn’t run into Obi-Wan yet, demanding answers about what was going on. She came to his quarters, at least where he was sleeping for the night, and knocked on the door. He immediately open up, seemingly not surprised to see her there. He was dressed in night clothes that were too big on him. Probably borrowed from Han. “What was that?” he demanded “Am I losing my mind or-” She shook her head, cutting him off. There was no such thing as privacy in the halls of a military base. “Not here, get dressed and we will go somewhere a bit more private.” He nodded his assent and closed the door., She waited for a few minutes until he emerged, looking worried and a bit defiant. Leia couldn’t blame him, she had done something really stupid and invasive, he was entitled to his anger. She motioned him to follow her as they made their way through the labyrinth of corridors finally heading to the flight deck and walking out of the entrance into the moist night air. She waited till they were about fifty yards out, far enough way that if their was yelling involved no one would overhear, but not close enough to the sensor’s boundary to set off any alarms. She turned and faced Luke head on. “Alright, I don’t think anyone will over hear us, go ahead.” “You spoke to me in my mind. On the Death Star run.” She nodded in affirmation and he continued “And then, just now, you were in my dream.” She grimaced, “Yes I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have done that without permission. It’s habit.” “Habit?” his face betrayed only bewilderment. Oh, she was mucking this up badly. “Yes. I…” she trailed off as she searched for the right words. You’d think she be a bit better at telling people this. “I was going to tell you tomorrow anyway. Obi-Wan knows, so do my parents.” “You’re a Jedi.” his face filled with wonder. “No!” she was very tired of being told that. “I am not. Strong in the Force, yes. Jedi no.” “Then how?” he crossed his arms over his chest, glaring at her. Best just to jump into then. “I am from the future.” He cocked his head “Excuse me?” “I am from the future. About thirty years” she elaborated. A look of distrust crossed his face “Funny, you don’t look that old.” She gaped at him. Trust him to narrow down onto the practicalities. “No, I mean yes. This body is nineteen” she gestured down at herself. Then she tapped her head “But up here, I’m fifty three years old. I went to sleep, then without explanation, I woke up in this time.” “Just like that?” “Yes, just like that.” “Okay,” he looked thoughtful, losing some of his defensive posturing “Then why do you have the habit of walking into my dreams fifty three year old Leia?” “Not all your dreams.” she assured him “Just the nightmares. As a way to offer comfort. You use to do the same.” “This is a thing Jedi do?” “You know I have no idea.” she answered thoughtfully “We always figured it was easy for us because we’re…” she trailed off, unsure how to phrase this. Well she wasn’t going to go about it the way he had. Best just come out and say it. “Because we are what?” Impatience was coloring his voice. “Because we are twins” she answered “You're my brother Luke. We were seperated at birth to protect us from the Emperor.” He stared at her flatly for a minute “So you learned this in the future?” “Yes, ask Obi-Wan. He can confirm that.” “That your from the future?” She grimaced “Well he doesn’t have any more evidence then you do on that point. But the siblings part, that he confirm.” His face was terrifyingly blank for a moment then something like acceptance rolled over him “I’m going to go with this. In last few days I learned my father was a Jedi, crazy old Ben is some sort of famous war hero, and I blow up a moon sized battle station. You being my twin sister from the future is just another escalation of the crazy and impossible.” “Really?” she breathed. He shrugged “Really.” “You believe me?” “You’re the one who told me to trust my instincts. They say you aren’t lying, so yes. I believe you.” She laughed and caught him in a hug. Startled he caught her back and then he returned the hug just as fiercely. She couldn’t even express how happy she was to be believed. Just believed. She was worried that he would question and prod and it was exhausting her just thinking about it. But Luke, Luke had faith. He had always had faith. They hugged for a awhile then she pulled back and gave him her sunniest smile. He gave one back and asked “What is that for?” “For being you. For being my brother. For believing me.” “Alright, but you need higher standards for the next unexpected family member you find.” For a moment her thoughts flickered over to Vader. That had been him earlier, trying to to get her attention. She shoved thoughts of him away. Her shields had held, she could keep him out, this was not a problem she needed to be worried about right now. This was about Luke, and she wouldn’t let Vader steal her joy in them finding each other again. “ And later ?” her conscience whispered “ You are going to have to discuss this sometime General. ” But not today. He looked her over head to toe and then asked “I have so many questions, I’m not sure where to start?” “What’s the first one then?” Please not about the future, I don’t want to talk about that. His face screwed up in thought as he tried to settle on one of the million thoughts in his head. “Which of us is older?” She laughed “I don’t know. We never figured it out actually.” He nodded and then gave her a sly smile. “I feel like I’m the older brother. Plus I’m taller so you can be the little sister in all ways.” She smirked at that. He didn’t know it but this was a really old conversation between the two of them. “Well I’m wiser, so clearly I was born first.” and she shoved him playfully on the shoulder “Plus it’s really rude to bring up the height thing. It’s not like you aren’t a little short to be a stormtrooper.” “Huh?” Right, she had been following a script that they hadn’t written here. “Doesn’t matter.” she assured him. “Needless to say we never resolved that particular argument.” His eyes darkened at that “There was no one left to tell us? Didn’t your parents know?” Her bright mood dimmed at that “No,” she answered “They never got the chance.” His face fell in sympathy, but then he grabbed her hand and squeezed it in comfort. “You could ask them now.” he pointed out gently, remind her they were still here. “Yes.” she agreed “But no, because it’s the middle of the night and I don’t think they would appreciate being woken up. My mother is not someone to cross until she has her morning tea.” “My Uncle Owen is the same way…” he trailed off as he realized what he just said. “I am sorry.” she said in a rush “I arrived to late to change that. I would have if I could, I know how much you loved them and I-” he shook his head, cutting her rambling off. “I told you, that wasn’t your fault.” he reminded her “And it’s still not your fault. Even if you mysteriously appear in your own past to change things.” he frowned “You are changing things right?” “Yes” she said slowly, wondering where his mind was going with this. “So you know what is going to happen?” “No, I have an idea, but the changes I’ve already done have had a huge impact on the timeline. My specific intelligence is useless.” He thought about that for a minute. She wondered if he was going to ask about the Rebellion, his own training, or any other myriad possibilities about the future. But this was Luke, for him the personal details were always more important than any big picture. “You knew Biggs would die?” he asked softly. Leia bit her lip. “He did before yes. I was hoping my presence would save more lives. And it did, just not his. I’m sorry.” She seemed to being saying that to him a lot. He shook his head. “He made his choice. Hell, he made the choice to join the rebellion before I even did. You didn’t force him to go and you didn’t shoot him down Leia.” No, but their biological father had. Vader had probably done it before too. Leia wondered if Luke had known that. Maybe she hadn’t been able to save Biggs, but her actions led to Obi-Wan surviving, so he didn’t walk away from this completely alone from anyone who had known him as a child. And he had her. He would always have her. “How many people know about this?” he asked suddenly, interrupting her recriminations. “That you’re from the future?” Then his brow creased as another thought occurred to him “Or that we’re related?” “My parents and Obi-Wan. On both counts actually.” He looked a little hurt “Obi-Wan knew? That you're my sister? But why didn’t he tell me when I showed him your hologram?” Leia shrugged “I have no idea.” And come to think of it if he had that would have saved her and Luke from some very embarrassing situations in her past. Not to mention here and now. Maybe Luke learning now the old man had an interesting grasp of the truth wouldn’t be such a bad idea. “But I would like to keep both things secret for now.” “Why wouldn’t you want people to know we’re siblings? Ashamed of me already?” the question was asked only half in jest. “No.” she stated firmly, grabbing his hand “No, never.” He was most definitely not the family member she was ashamed of, he wasn’t the one that came with enormous problems. But how to explain this without looking like she was rejecting him. “But the name Skywalker, it paints a target on your back Luke. I already have a big enough one, I don’t need to add to it.” His face darkened “Vader.” he said flatly. “Tell him.Tell him.Tell him.” her conscience pricked. She looked into that face and couldn’t bring herself to do it. She had dealt with enough ups and downs in the last few days. This could wait. But she didn’t want to lie directly to him either. So she gave him the other reason. “And the Emperor too.” He looked shocked “What does he have to do with this?” “Well he is a Sith Lord.” she explained “I’m strong in the Force, I’m just as much a target as you.” “What’s a Sith Lord?” She was getting ahead of herself. “That’s probably a question Obi-Wan can answer with more depth then I can. But broadly speaking a Jedi uses the Light side of the Force, and the Sith use the Dark.” He nodded his head, and bit his lip thinking. “Alright, for now I won’t say anything.” Leia breathed a sigh of relief. “Or about you time traveling either.” He got a baffled look on his face “There’s a sentence I never thought I’d utter. It’s probably for the best that you keep that to yourself. I can’t imagine how it would turn out if everyone thought they knew what was going to happen” “Poorly.” He looked startled “You’ve been here for what? Three days at most? That was fast to come to that conclusion.” “Let’s say I have personally experienced with thinking I could control events and it blew up in my face.” He grew concerned “Leia, when exactly did you arrive here?” She fidgeted a little, knowing this answer would head into territory she didn’t want to explore, but she wasn’t going to lie to him “When my shuttle arrived at the Death Star.” He winced “That was not good.” She gave a bitter laugh. “No, it wasn’t.” She shuddered as she remembered that all encompassing panic at the sight of Vader. “But I got through it, and the station is destroyed. No point on dwelling on it.” He grew suspicious “Is that your nice way of telling me to back off?” She sighed “I’m rarely nice Luke. You're the nice one.” He looked slightly offended at that and she amended “Or the meaner one with a better face for playing dumb. But no, I don’t want to talk about it right now. There are a lot of things that I can’t talk about right now.” “Would you mind if I still ask you some questions? You don’t have to answer them if you don’t want.” “Alright” “How much training did you get? I can’t imagine every person who has Force talent can walk into other people's minds” “No, you’re right about that.” She did a quick look around and made sure no one was paying attention to them. The she floated the rock to her, slowly and methodically. Luke’s eyes went wide. “Who taught you that?” She laughed “You did. Or would. I don’t practice all that often. It’s not something I’m comfortable with.” “Why?” he looked honestly baffled. “Even the little bit I did on the Falcon, and at the Death Star it felt...” he trailed off trying to find the words “Like coming home.” Because of where this comes from. Because I’m driven by my anger, and I don’t necessarily think that is a bad thing. Because I know my limitations and don’t want to be Vader. “It’s complicated.” “Part of the knowledge that we will not be speaking of?” He looked so sad at being denied knowledge of her. Just like her father had been. “Yes,” then she equivocated, not bearing the thought of his disappointment “I will tell you. Just not now.” “Alright” he hummed under his breath. Then jumped to another thought track entirely. “So you know almost everything about me” “I wouldn't say everything.” Like why you abandoned me when I needed you the most. She shoved that thought away. They each had their own ways of coping with trauma. She knew that, she didn’t begrudge Luke his. Well, maybe only a little. “But I know a lot yes.” “Well clearly I am behind. So I need to catch up. What’s you favorite food?” Leia snuggled up to her brother and gathered his hand into hers and they talked through the night. The medal ceremony was held mid-day, by Yavin’s solar rhythm. It was actually much grander than the first one. Not also being incredibly busy trying to excavate as much equipment before the Empire came calling probably helped. She was part of it, again, but a recipient of a medal, instead of giving them. Along with Luke, Han, and Chewie. She wasn’t sure how she felt about receiving this honor at all. She had only peripherally involved in the what had been the last leg in a long chain of people who had helped in the destruction of the Death Star. She understood the importance of the ceremony to members of Rebellion, she just couldn’t shake the fact that she felt like she had cheated her way into this. Her mother was the one giving out the medals, her father standing slightly behind her on her right. As Leia walked side by side with Luke, Han and Chewie directly behind them, as she could see was her mother’s wide smile as they approached. When Breha leaned down to place the medal around her neck she whispered in her ears. “I am so very proud of you my daughter.” Leia’s eyes filled with tears. For now Alderaan was safe, and her parents were perhaps the only ones here who truly understood what a moment this was for Leia. The party afterwards was also a new change. After the Battle of Yavin, there had been many parties, but due to the evacuation, they had been much smaller affairs then this, broken up among the various escape ships. Now the crowd was roaring and filled with abandon as the liquor was flowed freely. As the night progressed things got louder and louder as the pilots recalled their battles to the ground troops and techs. Luke seemed to be hanging on the edges, following along with stories, but giving all the pilots their due. Han was keeping him company, so she wasn’t too worried about the amount of trouble he could get into. Leia herself also stayed on the edges. She was reluctant to drink, for fear of what she would say with a loosened tongue. And as much as this victory meant to her, she was all to bitterly aware of the long fight still left in front of them. She slipped away and walked into the clearing that was just outside the main temple, on the opposite side of the airfield. She was staring at it for long moments before she felt her mother come up to her side. “What is so fascinating about the grass Leia?’ she teased. Leia grinned widely, this was something she didn’t mind sharing about the future “That it’s empty. That there is nothing here.” Her mother tutted “I think you’ve spent too much time around Jedi’s, even if you claim not to be one.” Leia laughed “It wasn't a metaphorical answer, but a real one. Before, in the old version of these events, there is a statue erected her honoring you and father as martyrs to the cause.” She gave a sigh of satisfaction “And it’s not here.” ABA - Day 2 When Leia awoke the next morning she groggy and tired. Not from anything fun like drinking, but on Vader becoming increasingly louder and louder through the night. It had lead to so many odd and disjointed dreams of her locking doors and put barricades up everywhere she went. She finally gave up around dawn, got up and dressed. She was amused to see the cafeteria almost empty of everyone. Well, it had been a long week with so many losses, she really couldn't begrudge anyone the time to cut loose, celebrate, and mourn. After battle victories were always a mess of emotions and drinking. Usually heavy on the drinking. As she ate her breakfast she reviewed her memories of the time. Yes she had been thrust into a leadership position of the Alliance council, mainly for the public relations value of it, and the fact that she had managed to get the plans they had paid such a price for to the High Command. She had proven herself, but those first few months after Alderaan's destruction there were many conversations she was excluded from on the basis of that most of the leadership hadn’t taken her seriously. Dodonna especially was prone to chalk up her more militant stances to “grief”. Some of them probably were, but she had made some very good points. And here she was again, facing the same problem, only on a much wider scale, because she didn’t even have the symbolic leadership role given to her by her parents death. “You look grumpy” Luke sat down next to her at the table. “Pondering my next move.” she told him in a quiet voice. There was practically no one in the hall at this moment, but it paid to be careful. “Does it involve killing someone? Because I have to say I doubt that table did anything to deserve the scowl you are sending it.” She laughed softly. “Just my own appearance.” she explained “No one is going to take my ideas seriously with this very youthful face looking at them. There are huge leadership vacuums right now, due to personal loss we took retrieving those plans and the fight to destroy the Death Star. But getting the pull I need, that is going to take time, which we do not have.” He shrugged “So convince your parents.” She frowned “What?” Luke picked up his caff and took a long swig. “Convince your parents. Your father is on the Alliance Council isn’t he? Convince them of the merit of your ideas and arguments. They can present them as their own, until you’ve proven yourself.” he frowned “Although I would have thought getting the Death Star plans to safety would count for something.” She sighed “It does. But that is just getting my foot in the door. Anybody can pull off one amazing feat. It’s repeating it and having a track record when your words start carrying real weight.” “Surviving your one amazing feat counts too.” His face tightened in grief, clearly thinking of all those pilots, Biggs especially, who didn’t make it back from the defense of Alderaan. “You’re right about that.” She felt very slow that Luke had to bring up her parents. This was like the reserve of the grieving process. But instead of forgetting that they were dead, she kept forgetting they were alive. “Well this is cozy” Han smirked as he sat down across from them, no trace of last night revelry on his face. He always had a good head for liquor. “Some secret plan you too are hatching?” Luke gave him a friendly smile. “Nah, complaining about the food.” “Kid, it doesn’t matter what army you fight for, the food is always going to suck.” Luke’s eyes widened “You mean all those tales about soldiers dining on the finest food was propaganda that the Empire uses?” He gave Han such an earnest disappointed look, that the older man was temporarily taken aback. Then Han’s eyes narrowed suspiciously and Luke’s face broke into a wide teasing grin. “Remind me never to play sabacc with you.” Han turned to face Leia, “Well I’m off.” “Third time's the charm?” “I have some debts to pay off. But Mothma offered me a job, a trial run if you will, and I will be back.” “I can’t tell you how relieved I am” she responded in a tone as dry as the desert, to cover the fact she was in fact very relieved. Chewbacca ambled over <Let’s go pup.> he barked. “Make sure he actually pays the damn thing,” she told Chewie “the Alliance really can’t afford a smuggler who is being hunted by the Hutts and the Empire.” Chewie let out a woof of laughter <I’ll see to it.> Beside her Luke stiffened “The Hutts?” he asked in soft voice. Han shrugged “Found myself in debt to Jabba. Had some cargo that I had to dump and I owe him the money for it. It’s not a big deal kid.” “Not a big deal” Luke echoed, and Leia stiffened in alarm. Luke was pissed. No Luke was past pissed and rapidly heading into anger. It had been a long time since Leia had seen her brother’s temper on full display. She had forgotten the thing ran deep as her own. Han, fortunately, picked up on it too. Better yet he seemed to be understanding the source of Luke’s anger. “No,” he said firmly “I dealt with spice and intelligence gathering only. The occasional passenger, like yourself, who wanted no Imperial entanglements. No water exports and definitely no slaves.” Luke was still sitting there vibrating with fury “Luke, I blew up a very promising career with the Imps to free this one.” and here he gestured to Chewbacca “Why the hell would I go back to that now? I’ve done some shady stuff, and I’d be the first to admit it, but I would never do that.” Luke unwound a little at that “And the cargo you dumped?” he pressed. “Spice only.” Luke seemed to weigh that for a moment, then gave a firm shake of his head. “Alright, then Leia is right. Pay the damn thing off.” He then went back to eating his breakfast, the subject closed as far as he was concerned. Han gave them both a nod and headed out to the flight deck, Chewie by his side. Leia waited until they were out of earshot before she turned to Luke. “He was telling the truth about what he did.” she assured him. Luke shrugged “I figured. It’s just..” he sighed “You're from a core world, you wouldn’t understand the grip the Hutts have on the outer rim. The Republic, the Empire, it didn’t make much of a difference to us. Neither of them were willing to take them on. It was not their problem.” “I know.” And it was a problem that had continued to dodge the New Republic too. Most of the conscripts of the First Order were children stolen from the Outer Rim territories. Obi-Wan appeared at their side before Leia could even begin contemplating how to fix a problem which had been centuries in the making. “Good morning.” he sat down across from them “You two don’t seem the worse for wear from last night's revelry.” Leia shrugged “Didn’t really participate that much.” Luke nodded “The same for me.” Obi-Wan grinned, “Well, if I could steal Leia for a moment Luke. Her parents and I would like to discuss something with her and then we can start your lessons later this morning.” “Sure. But can you answer a question for me?” “If I can.” Luke’s grin widened “Whose older, me or Leia?” Obi-Wan stiffened slightly and then looked at Leia “You told him.” She shrugged “I said I would” What was his issue? It wasn’t like she hadn’t warned him. He sighed “Well Luke you are older, by about five minutes if I remember correctly.” “Ha!” Luke slapped the table in triumph. “I told you!.“ No, she wasn’t going to lose this argument, not after the last thirty some odd years of duking it out with Luke. “I got thrown back in time, so technically I’m still older.” she replied calmly. His mouth dropped at that and he sputtered for a response. Obi-Wan watched the exchange, his face falling into a still blank mask. “You certainly don’t do things by half measures do you Leia?” his voice holding a careful neutrality to it. So he didn’t approve of her telling Luke about that? Tough. “I’m not going to lie to him Obi-Wan. There are things I won’t say, but I won’t directly lie to him.” she wondered if he understood her veiled mention of the subject of Vader. She wasn’t getting a good read on him, his shields were drawn tightly around him. Luke frowned at the gathering tension between them and Obi-Wan let out a sigh. Then he asked. “Is there anything else you would like to know about your birth?” Luke opened his mouth to answer, but Leia held up her hand. “Not right now for me, thanks.” she answered. She didn’t want to keep control of her emotions during his explanation. She was sure he would stick mostly to the truth, but she was sure Vader was in there somewhere in this tale and she didn’t want to have to conceal her reactions from Luke. There was so much she wasn't telling him, and so far he was willingly to play along. But soon, when the truth came out, she wanted as little to explain as possible to her twin. Luke looked disappointed but Obi-Wan turned to him and offered “I can tell you later Luke, if you like.” He turned back to Leia “And if we can get going?” “Is this a meeting Luke really doesn't need to be a part of or was he excluded because of what I told you on the Falcon?” People were starting to stagger in, not many but enough that Leia was feeling uncomfortable saying the word time travel. “He was excluded because of the Falcon. But now that he knows I suppose there is no harm in letting him come along.” “Why do you need me? I’m just a farm boy who can fly and shoot straight?” he asked puzzled. “Because if you're going to be a radical terrorist looking to overthrow a tyrannical government you should at least have some understanding of the scope of the problem we are looking at.” Leia told him cheerfully “Which means meetings. Lots of meetings where everyone feels the need to express their opinion instead of doing something. Then when they do decide on a plan action half the time they come up with the worst possible solution. All the while you have to sit there and look like you’re paying attention.” “Well doesn’t that sound like fun.” he muttered darkly. Obi-Wan looked vaguely alarmed at her cynical take “They aren’t all that bad.” he protested. She sighed “Yes they are.” He opened his mouth to disagree and she held up her hand to forestall him. “They are necessary, I know that. But so is physical training and eating a well balanced diet. I despise both of them too, I still do it.” Now she was picking up something in the Force from him, wariness and disquiet. Because she didn’t like meetings and regimented exercise? That seemed a bit extreme. Maybe the desert sun had baked his brain. “Well, that is certainly an interesting take on responsibilities.” he offered diplomatically. Luke picked up his tray and gestured for Leia’s. She slid it over to him and deposited back on the serving line. When he came back the three of them walked into the base, heading to Bail and Breha’s room. When they arrived her father looked surprised to see Luke, but her mother didn’t seem to share the sentiment. She walked over to Luke and stared at him for a moment. “I’m assuming your presence here means Leia told you about her, unique circumstances?” Luke bobbed his head nervously “Yes Ma’am.” he said. She shook her head in bemusement “Breha, please. No need for formality.” She then gave him a wide smile “I’ve waited a long time to meet you Luke Skywalker. How are you handling everything?” “Just trying to ride out the storm, Ma’am-Breha” he corrected to quickly when he saw the look on her face. Bail came up to his wife “We’ve both waited a long time.” he said “It is a pleasure to meet you at last.” “Yes Sir.” her brother looked so nervous, but all Leia could do was marvel at what she was seeing before her. This was a moment that before now had only existed in her dreams and she wanted to savor that it had come to pass. Obi-Wan cleared his throat “I hate to interrupt, but we do not have a lot of time before the Alliance high command is called together.” A meeting Leia hadn’t even been aware of until this minute. So, she wasn’t going to be invited into those just yet. She firmed her resolve, she would be, and until then she would play with the hand she had. “Of course.” Breha muttered and gave Luke’s hand a reassuring squeeze. He looked baffled but moved to the center of the room, where there was a square table with two benches on either side. Bail and Breha’s status within the Rebellion offered them a larger room than most, they even had a separate bedroom from the living space. But overall it was not a large space, and the table was more meant for eating meals then a gathering place for meetings. Luke sat on the bench closest to the door and Leia sat next to him, with her parents choosing to sit on the bench opposite of them. Obi-Wan, after seeing how they all barely fit on the benches, pulled the one free standing chair in the room to the head of the table. “Well Leia” he began “We were wondering if you could give us some insight on how you think we should best proceed.” Leia’s back went up “I told you,” she warned him, annoyance creeping into her voice. “That I wouldn’t say anything unless we are heading into trouble.” “No Leia,” Breha interjected, she shot Obi-Wan a chastising glare, “We want your opinion based on your expertise, not your experiences.” When Leia looked over to her confused, her mother elaborated “You did say you earned that rank of General. It would be foolish of us to discount your advice. We just needed a private place to get it.” Oh, that she could do. Now she felt foolish, and felt her cheeks warm in embarrassment. She gave Obi-Wan an apologetic look “I’m sorry for jumping to the wrong conclusion.” she said contritely. “It’s alright.” he murmured. The frown between his eyebrows stated differently, but Leia let it lie. She thought about what had happened over the last two days, and what the destruction of the Death Star had done in her own timeline, and the few things that were still applicable here. “Tarkin's death is a massive blow to the Empire-” she started with, and her father immediately interrupted her. “He was just one man. A brilliant and deadly one, but just one person Leia. I don’t know if you aren’t overstating things.” She frowned at him, did he want her opinion or not? He stopped, then made a face as he realized what he done. He looked slightly abashed, and nodded for her to continue. “Tarkin was one man, yes, but the real problem for the Empire is that it’s top structure, which was centered on Palpatine, Tarkin and Vader, has just become dangerously unbalanced.” Seeing the looks of confusion on everyone’s face she elaborated “The Emperor trusted Tarkin, as much as he could trust anyone. As a result Tarkin had a lot of power concentrated into his hands. Part of what him so effective, from a bureaucratic standpoint, is that he could win a lot of arguments about what to do just by opening his mouth. His word was the Emperor’s word.” Bail’s face showed dawning comprehension “And without him there to make those decisions, we are about to see the top level of military officers fight amongst themselves about how to fight back.” She nodded, “Yes. Without him a lot of those responsibilities and powers he had are going to be delegated to a lot of other people. We are the enemy, but the Emperor believes in deliberately putting his subordinates against each other. Excepting Vader, there is no one else who had such pull to make clear concise decisions that quickly.” “There are rumors that Vader was killed.” Breha offered. “He wasn’t.” both Obi-Wan and Leia contradicted at the same time. He looked at her in surprise, but she shrugged. “I think every force sensitive in the galaxy would have felt it if he died,” she offered to Obi-Wan in explanation “He’s not exactly a quiet and calm presence.” “No,” he said, a bittersweet smile on his face “He never was.” Seeing the anger and grief on Luke’s face, Leia quickly got off that painful subject. “It doesn’t matter. Palpatine isn’t going to give any of that power to Vader. For one, it’s too much for him to even reasonably handle. Two, it would strengthen his position in the military more than it already is. Sith Lords try to kill each other yes?” Obi-Wan nodded “Then there is no way Palpatine gives Vader an iota more power then he needs to.” She shook her head “Instead of dealing with one focused individual who had the authority to chase us across several jurisdictions we are going to have many individuals chasing us. That doesn’t take into account the political side of things with the Governors and Moffs also trying to catch us. And among the more ambitious ones we can expect internal sabotaging as they try to hamper their compatriots efforts in that area.” “Except Vader.” Luke muttered angrily. “He still has the power and pull that Tarkin did.” She bit her lip, worried about this focus of his on this subject. But he was participating and he was learning, so she gave him her honest answer. “Yes, he does. And I don’t see that changing.” she admitted “Unless someone gets really ambitious and tries to use the destruction of the Death Star to try to unseat him.” “A fool’s errand” Bail stated “He might not play politics very well, in comparison to some of the other officers, but he’s also a lot deadlier than they are.” Obi-Wan swallowed hard and looked away. Leia didn’t want to know if she wanted to offer him comfort in his obvious pain over this, or yell at him for not finishing the job when he had the chance and saying them all this trouble. “Well,” Bail interjected “at least we have the possible destruction of Alderaan. That is something that might lead to planet wide revolts.” And this was a dangerous line of thinking to pursue. Leia shook her head. “No, it won’t.” Obi-Wan frowned “Are you sure?” She sighed, weighed the pros and cons in her head about telling them this, and gave him the brutal truth. “No, because the actual destruction of Alderaan didn’t lead to that.” Beside her Luke gasped and his hand immediately found hers under the table. She accepted the comfort, but kept her face neutral as she faced her mother and father. “Originally the Alliance thought that for a while. It didn't pan out that way. Alderaan was gone, there was no hiding that, but the Empire hushed it up.” “Hushed it up?” Breha asked, her voice quavering with anger “How did the Empire hush up the fact that they destroyed an entire world?” Leia grimaced “When the Alliance blew up the Death Star not even a day later it left the Empire in a tight spot. On one hand they had destroyed a planet to keep the galaxy in line. On the other, that weapon was gone, destroyed by the very insurgents they were trying to stamp out.” She sighed,“They lied, Mama. It was put forth that it was a ‘natural disaster’ that led to the destruction of the planet.” Bail sputtered “The galaxy accepted this?” Leia snorted “I’d say about fifteen percent of the population actually believed that was the case.” Luke looked disappointed but Leia continued on “The rest of the galaxy broke down into three other groups. The largest was those who believed the truth, but were too frightened to do anything or they were willing to swallow that lie for a sense of order. Then there were those who knew it was true, but wanted the Empire to stay in power for their own various reasons.” At Obi-Wan’s grimaced she gave a cynical smile. “Power attracts power and there are always those who feel that they can sell everyone else out if it gives them the advantage.” Luke looked sad “So it was pointless then?” She shook her head raise her hand “No, never that. No planet suffered the same fate as Alderaan. That is a victory worth the sacrifice. And it wasn’t all bad. We did see an influx of cash and supplies, which after Yavin and Scarix were desperately needed.” She thought about the politics of that first year, trying to view it in mind with what could be useful here without giving too much away. “The Empire also became much more fragile. Alderan was a core world with a long history and, for all the political agitators that came from our planet, was not in open revolt. The fact that Tarkin destroyed it anyway made a lot of worlds think that no matter what they did, they wouldn’t survive. And there was definitely an uptick in independent cell activity. But as I said, the Emperor denied everything. We did see a flux of new recruits, but not from where you would think.” Obi-Wan spoke up “Imperial troops.” he guessed. She nodded. “Yes, quite a few of them. A lot of officers too. They had joined because they wanted to bring order and stability to the galaxy. Blowing up civilian planets is not what they had in mind.” She sighed “A lot of the Imperials who came to us were the ones who were at heart decent, and trying to be fair. When they defected the Empire cracked down even harder, and without their voices and push back the regime got even more brutal. It was a boon for us, in the long run, but a lot of people in the galaxy paid a heavy price for it.” “That is not our problem here though,” Bail put in “Tarkin made a galaxy wide announcement about his intentions, there is no way the Empire can walk that back.” “No, but we did fight and we did place Alderaan in danger by doing so.” Obi-Wan pointed out reasonably, Leia bristled “Tarkin would have blown the planet anyway.” “Yes, but the galaxy doesn't know that. We claim to be protecting them, and we landed a harsh blow to the Empire” her mother pointed out “but the risk was still taken. The Empire can deny what Tarkin would have done, and with him dead there is no way to contradict it.” “We need propagande. Of some kind.” Leia mulled this over in her head, she had been the face of the rebellion last time. She and Luke, the last Jedi and the last leader of Alderaan. But she had hated it, and Luke wasn’t to comfortable with it either. It had all fallen apart when their parentage had been revealed. So let’s avoid that problem this time around. Her eyes fell on her mother. She had always been better at the more public aspects of being the ruler of Alderaan. And if Leia’s parentage did become public knowledge again, the fallout would be much more contained. Taking in a child of an evil murderous bastard was entirely more sympathetic than being said child. “We should make holos and distribute them.” she said looking her mother straight in the eyes. “But of you.” “Why me?” she asked baffled. “The speech you gave in the war council yesterday, it was good. And explains the reasoning behind why the Alliance took such a risk. We would have to tweak some parts of it, but it could work.” Leia mulled over the possibilities “We still might be able to stir up the same resentment. Tarkin was willing to destroy an entire world just to get a few dissents in line. Then those dissents managed to protect the world he was threatening. We might not get the exact reaction, but with the Death Star gone, we might be able to convince people we are capable of protecting them. And Mon’s right, you do have sovereignty over our people. This was your decision to make. You have also maintained a strict policy of staying neutral on the issue of the rebellion. At least in public.” she explained to Luke, who looked puzzled. “Tarkin threatening our world is what lead you to make this statement.” “And what about our people?” Bail pressed “If she does this, Alderaan is going to get squeezed in retaliation by the Empire. At the very least several garrisons and a provisional governor. There is a lot of harm that can be done if she openly defies Palpatine on this.” Leia bit her lip “I know. But we also have to look at the possibility that even if we say nothing, the Empire is going to do that anyway. Alderaan itself had nothing to do with this, but it’s a symbol of defiance and they can’t let that stand unmolested. At least this way our people know why.” Bail sighed and Obi-Wan looked thoughtful. Breha nodded “She is correct Bail. We can’t do anything with the resources we have now to help. The best way to protect our people is to overthrow the Empire in its entirety.” “Distribution is going to be an issue” her father pointed out. “Yes, it always is.” Leia countered “But if we say nothing the Empire will fill that silence.” Her sighed, but he nodded. “Then that is what we will tell the council. Thank you Leia for your input. It was most helpful.” Both her parents rose as if to leave but Leia cleared her throat to catch their attention “I have one other matter I would like you to address at the meeting.” she said. Bail and Breha shot puzzled looks at each other, but returned to their seats. “What are you concerned with Leia?” her mother asked. “Luke.” Her brother gave her a startled look, and she smiled in reassurance at him. “About his identity more specifically. I would like you to press the Alliance to keep the name of the pilot who destroyed the Death Star secret. Or at least as secret as it possibly can be.” Bail frowned “Why? It’s a good story. A farmboy from the Outer Rim, whose only family was killed by the Empire managed to deliver a heavy blow to the Empire. We are in need of all the good PR we can get Leia. You know that.” She nodded “We do. And I’m not disputing the effectiveness of that campaign. But the longer we can go without Vader or the Emperor becoming aware of Luke’s identify the better we will all be.” Bail looked thoughtful and then gave a slow glance over the Obi-Wan. “What do you think?” he asked the Jedi Master. The older man sighed “She’s not wrong.” Luke interjected “I’m not afraid of the consequences of what I did.” he insisted “It needed doing, and if that puts me in danger so be it. If it helps in the Rebellion I want to do it.” Breha shook her head “Unfortunately it is not that simple Luke. There are precisely two people in the galaxy we aware of that have the potential to take down Vader and the Emperor. And both of them are here in this room. Leia has repeated several times she has no wish to train as a Jedi, and we respect that decision. You do want to be trained, but you aren’t ready yet. This isn’t about hiding, this is about protecting a valuable ally until they are ready.” Luke looked mulish, but he didn’t disagree with the overall point. “Besides,” Bail said “We have another person we can use in a similar capacity.” Obi-Wan’s eyebrow lifted “We do?” Bail’s smile sharpened “We have you.” “Excuse me?” “We have you” her father explained “We have a famed Jedi general of the Clone Wars. One who had a reputation as a brilliant tactician, and more importantly, was not erased from the official narrative of the Clone Wars.” Obi-Wan looked puzzled at that. “Why ever not?” “You were running almost a fifth of the Grand Republic Army Obi-Wan. That is hard to finagle around. Plus there was never a confirmed kill for you. The Emperor wanted you remembered in case someone came across you. If you were erased it would make you that much harder to find.” Bail explained. Leia supposed there wasn’t much propaganda filtered into Tatooine. There was really no need for such steps in Hutt controlled territory. The Empire gave leeway to the Hutts, and as long as those oversized slugs gave their “taxes” the Empire was inclined to let them rule that area of space as they saw fit. Although from what Luke had told her the Hutt’s rule had been just as bad as the Empire’s, if not exactly in the same ways. Leia warmed to the idea of it “Your very existence is a symbol of defiance,” she said, “Plus we wouldn’t be giving away anything that the Empire isn’t already aware of.” There was a self deprecating smirk on Obi-Wan’s face as he looked at them “It’s hardly the first time in my life I was thrown into the public spotlight to placate the wolves. I had hoped that my exile would put an end to such things, but alas it was not meant to be.” He waved his hand as Luke opened his mouth to protest “No, it’s a solid plan Luke. I don’t mind, I was just marveling at life’s interesting ironies.” Luke definitely didn’t look happy with any of this, but he nodded. Turning to her parents he asked “Are we going to tell anyone Leia is my sister?” Her mother looked startled but she shook her head “No, we hadn’t planned to.” Luke nodded his head “Good. As you said Leia doesn’t want to be a Jedi, but if it was general knowledge she’s related to me and Anakin Skywalker there would be a lot of pressure for her to do so.” As delighted as she was with his initiative in participating in the conversation with his own concerns, Leia felt the brush of irritation. She was the one who was suppose to protect him, not the other way around. “I am capable of saying no Luke.” He turned his wide eyes to her “I don’t think anyone who has ever met you thought otherwise. But you shouldn’t have to. If people don’t know we are related you don’t get bothered.” She couldn’t argue with his logic, and he was honoring her wishes regarding their relationship, but it still rankled her a bit. Still she nodded. Bail looked around “Is there anything else?” Everyone shook their heads, “Excellent, we should get going.” After her mother got up she leaned down and gave Leia a kiss goodbye on the cheek. Then with an impish grin she planted one on Luke’s startled face and she and Bail excited the room. Luke looked at her thoughtfully “Well that meeting wasn’t boring, or even that long.” She laughed and even Obi-Wan looked amused. “I wouldn’t count on the next one going that well” she remarked wryly “You rarely get a group of people with this much common sense between them.” The Jedi stood up, leaving to follow her parents. “Obi-Wan” she called after him “Might I have a brief word with you in private?” He stopped and looked at her thoughtfully “Of course.” Luke grinned and gave Leia’s hands one final squeeze. “I have some paperwork to fill out with my commanding officer, so I will catch up with you later.” He stood and and turned to Obi-Wan “I’ll be in the flight deck when you are done with your meeting with the High Command.” Obi-Wan gave a nod of acknowledgement and turned back to the table. He slid into the bench her parents had just vacated. “What can I do for you Leia?” he asked pleasantly. “Where are you going to train Luke?” she asked. He looked puzzled by the abrupt subject change, but he answered smoothly “I had thought to take him to an isolated world and conduct his training there.” he explained. “This place is filled with too many distractions. He needs to be focused on that. The path of a Jedi is not an easy one.” She shook her head “No, the rebellion needs Luke.” “The rebellion needs a trained Jedi.” She rolled her eyes “The rebellion needs Commander Luke Skywalker. He’s smart, a quick learner, and a natural leader. There are too many missions that are coming where he is instrumental.” Obi-Wan’s eyebrow lifted “And this isn’t about how you miss your brother and want to rebuild that relationship?” There was a faint air of disapproval around him. Leia stomped down on her irritation. He didn’t know her. He didn’t know her and Luke’s history. Of course she missed Luke, but she had lived without her brother before, and she could do it again. “This isn’t about wanting to keep him close Obi-Wan. This is about what is needed. We need him.” “I thought you wanted me to speed up his training?” Well, she should at least put that point in context if she wanted him to listen to her. “He didn’t start for three years after this, as long as you beat that time frame, I think we’re fine.” Obi-Wan looked thoughtful “Well, so much of the old way of doing things has been rendered impractical, we will try it your way for now.” She grinned at him, “Besides I need you here, there is a mission I think you are going to want to participate in. And the sooner we get started the better.” He looked intrigued “Really and what is that?” She grinned “We are going to rob a Hutt. Grakkus Hutt to be precise.” “And why are we going to be committing an act of thievery against a crime lord?” “Because he has the largest collection of Jedi holocrons and lightsabers that I know of in the galaxy.” Obi-Wan went very still at that, and then a sharp fierce grin crossed his face. “My dear,” he said in a pleasant voice “never let it be said you don't know the value of a good bribe.” She grinned back just as fiercely “I had some of the finest teachers in the galaxy” Notes: Translation into 中文 available: [Translation]Of Queens, Knights, and Pawns by isaakfvkampfer