“Come on we have to move, they are entering the atmosphere.” Rey says as they enter the hanger. “I have to wait for everyone to be clear. You got to go babe!” You jump into your x-wing, slipping your helmet over your head. Rey was taking off and you are not far behind when you see Cama running through the hanger. What the hell, she should have been out of here hours again. She gets in her ship and starts it up “Sorry, sorry. I know I’m late.” “Come on girl. I have to give the all clear and I don’t want to be here when the First Order arrives.” They are both in the air, come on faster, faster. “Shit we’re too late Cama, they’re here. Move your ass I’m call it.” “This is Blue leader it is all clear. Set the charges. “The explosion rocks her plane. She looks down at the base she called home for the last four years as it crumbles onto itself. Destroying any possible information the First Order could find and use against them. “Demolition was successful; they won’t find anything in there. Blue leader and blue five preparing to follow the fleet.” That was the plan but the tie fighters had their own plans it would seem. “This is Blue leader, Blue Five and I our under fire.” “I’m going back” Rey says. “That’s a negative, Babe. Shit Blue Five is hit. She’s going down. I see a shoot.” “Get out of there Blue Leader, that’s an order. Rey you stay put.” Poe’s voice comes across. She couldn’t leave Cama. It was her job to clear the base. “You hear me right Tal.” “Copy that.” She watches Cama floating down, her stomach twist in a knot. She can’t focus on her friend for too long though because the First Order is on her ass. “I am taking heavy fire.” She tries every trick in the book, everything Poe has ever taught her but there was nothing to be done. She know in her heart it was only a matter of time and sure enough. “I’m hit, I’m hit. I’m going down I repeat I’m going down.” “TALIA!” Rey’s cry was the last thing she heard before hitting the eject button. The raid had not been successful. The resistance base had been emptied for the most part. A few pilots remained completing the evacuation when they arrived. They destroyed the base before they could even do a primary search. They did manage to bring down a couple ships as they attempted to flee. The footage shows two shoots opening; there were two pilots that managed to get out before they’re planes burst into fiery death balls. “Bring me the pilots” General Hux commands. They were the only chance of locating the new base. He paces the bridge of the Finalizer. Let at least one survive for interrogation. “They have located the pilots, Sir.” “Excellent bring them aboard, I want them in an interrogation cell in the next hour.” The General goes down to the hanger when they bring in the pilots, both female. A blond that is curse them out in multiple languages, and a brunette that seems to have suffered some injures in the crash. One of the overzealous troops punches her in the stomach and she falls to her knees curled over struggling for her next breath. “You get your hands off her, you piece of shit.” The blond struggles to protect her defenseless comrade. “Process them; I want to start with the blond. Make sure this one gets medical attention. I don’t want her to die before I get a chance to question her.” The troops start to drag the screaming blond away, they pick up the brunette and it’s the first time Hux sees her face. He knows that face. He hasn’t seen her in five years and now she’s on her knees bleeding in front of him. Looking up slowly she see his face. “Hi Armie,” she manages to whispers before losing conciseness He was 13 years old; On Father Estate on Arkanis. He would have preferred to stay at the Academy. His stepmother has made it her life’s mission to make him feel unwelcome, his fathers was to find fault in his every breath. His only reprieve is out of the house so he spends his days outside avoiding them. The sun makes a rare appearance that afternoon and he decides to go for a walk. He’s walking down the road when he sees a young girl run out of the trees and ducking behind a bush. When she sees him she jumps up and grabs his arm pulling him down. “Shhhh or the Empire will find us.” she puts her index finger over his lips. She has large chocolate brown eye the dance with excitement and dark brown hair that is messy and tangled with twigs. She looks to be a few years younger than him. She turns her head listen for something. Grabbing his hand again, “This way,” she gives him a large smile. “Don’t be afraid I’ll protect you.” He doesn’t know why he’s letting her drag him along but they start moving slowly along the tree line. She decides to go back into the tree, she motions for him to follow but he remains behind, watching her. “Got you!” A boy jumps out from behind a tree grabbing her. “Surrender or die rebel scum,” “Never!” she screams he pins her to the ground and starts tickling her. Peals of laughter are heard all around. “Liam, Stop!” She shrieks between laughing. That is when the boy notices him watching. He stops what he’s doing and helps the girl up. He has the same brown hair and eyes they must be siblings. Father had mentioned the estate next door was bought by an aristocratic family; this must be them. They make introductions. He’s Liam and she’s Talia. That’s how Hux first meet the now unconscious pilot. “Captain, I want this one taken to my quarters. She is to be treated for her wound and I don’t want any further harm done. Is that clear?” “Yes Sir,” Phasma leads the troops holding Talia in the opposite direction than the screaming blond. Who has just notice her comrade being taking somewhere else and isn’t pleased. God she was loud, Hux can only hope that big mouth will give up the information he needs. Chapter 2 The interrogation the blond was proving fruitless so far. He was going to give her some time to think things over, back in his quarters he finds Talia asleep on the couch. He is reviewing her medical chart. Dislocated shoulder, bumps and bruises but would be find in a day or two. He pulls her blanket up higher and runs his finger along her check. They sent every summer together; until he turned 18. In fact most of his happiest memories have Liam and Tailia in them. After they graduated from the Academy together. Hux would continue in the military, Liam would start learning the family business. The next time he would see either of them would be at a wedding; Liam’s wedding. It was being held on Arkanis it had been five years since he had returned to his Father’s house. He sits at the table having tea with Father and Madame. Madame Hux was excited about the upcoming event, so much so she withhold her normal criticisms of him. She fills in his father about all the things she has heard. “How exciting Liam getting married and wait until you see Talia. She had her birthday last month, 18 can you believe it. I remember when she would sit it that chair and her feet wouldn’t touch the floor. Oh and Brendol let me tell you, she is a beauty. She accompanied her brother to Yarvin 4 after he graduated, starting going to an art school. She wrote me every month well she was away. She is such a sweet girl, to stay in touch with an old lady like me.” There is a knock at the door. “Enter” Father commanded “Sir, Madame, Miss Talia is here.” “Come in, Child,” Madame replies waving her hand, to say she was a beauty was an understatement. Long beautiful hair, perfect skin, her eyes still the rich chocolate he remembered but this wasn’t the girl he remembered seeing at his graduation ceremony hugging her brother. When she sees him she offers a breath taking smile. This exquisite creature before him couldn’t be the same girl with twigs stuck in her hair trying to play war with her brother. “Commandant Hux, Madame Hux, Armie, oh it has been too long, Liam will be so happy to see you.” Behind her is another young lady a beauty in her own right but nothing compared to Talia. “This is Petra Dameron, my soon to be sister-in-law. Tomorrow is the big day.” She turns her attention to his father, “Petra was hoping we could take photo down by your pond tomorrow, if it alright?” “Of Course, child. We don’t mind; do we Brendol?” Madame Answers, father could care less. ”Do you ladies want some tea?” Talia looks to Petra who was giving her a look that clearly said the mission is complete, let’s get out of here. “I am sorry but there is still so much to do. Petra’s family is going to arrive soon, we just wanted to pop over and ask about the photos for tomorrow. Maybe we’ll even be lucky enough to have some sunshine.” He can’t take his eye off her. “I insist Armitage escort you lady back, goodness where are you manner boy?” Commandant Hux says “Yes Father,” happily if he gets to spend more time with this beautiful creature “We shall see you tomorrow.” Talia calls to madame with an adorable wave. Talia made polite conversation with him asking about his life since they last saw one and other. He notices Petra eyeing him warily, choosing to walk in silence beside her friend. “Right here, this is the spot where we first meet Armie, do you remember?” “How could I forget? You grabbed my hand and pulled me down in the dirt.” He smiles at the memory “Well we were being hunted by the Empire, your luck to be alive. If my memory serves, I was tortured without mercy that day by the revel Empire.” Talia is giggling. “What are you two talking about?” Petra asked “It was one of the games Liam and I played as children. He was the empire and I would be the rebels and he would have to hunt me down. I hid behind that tree and that’s where I first meet Armitage.” “You said you were tortured?” Petra seemed puzzled. “Well to an eight year old tickling is a form of torture. Honestly you and Poe never playing silly games as children?” “You and your brother do have a strange bond. To answer your question, No Poe and I didn’t play silly games. He was busy with his friends and I was busy with mine. Now that I think about it, your lack of a mother is the reason you too are so odd. It’s no secret you father always puts work first and you two natural looked to each other for care.” “Perhaps you right. Liam is one of the most important people in the galaxy to me, and soon dear Petra you will be too. Maybe we should play Empire versus Rebels later to solidify our bond.” “No, I will not run around hunting you. I think our bond is good enough.” “Oh, so you want to be the rebel?! I’m afraid I can’t do that. I am far too rebellious to be the Empire.” An impish smile on her face. “Those may be the truest words you have ever spoken.” They would almost back at the house now” Oh, look there’s Liam.” Petra waves to him. “Hux, So glad you could make it. I see you meet my lovely bride to be. Meet her when I went to pick up this scoundrel at school one day. Oh, Father is looking for you and he’s not happy. He got a message from the school. What have you been up to, Talia?” “You’ll never know! Besides no one saw me do it, they can’t prove anything.” “Talia!!!!” Father screams from the balcony. Talia has her back to her father and facing her brother and two friends. She has the most mischievous look in her eyes. “Yes, Daddy,” mischief is replaced by a look of innocence is a blink of an eye. “You were arrested” spinning on her heals to look at her father. “Arrested is a bit of an overstatement, and I was only brought in for questioning and released, It's not a big deal Daddy.” “Did you set fireworks off during the graduation ceremony?” “Daddy, I don’t want to lie to you….. So I will tell you the same thing I told the police, I have no idea what you’re talking about. Do I look like the type of person that knows what to do with firework?” Behind her Liam and Petra are nodding their head yes. She glances over her shoulder and gives them a dirty look. “So, what did you tell them Daddy?” “I asked to see the proof, which they didn’t have. Then I told them if they ever make such accusation against my daughter again without any proof they would be hearing from my lawyer.” He shakes his head but smiles down at his daughter,” I’m starting to think maybe I should have sent you to military school.” Liam burst out laughing “Father, I don’t think even that could tame this animal,” poking her in the back. “Stars, Imagine the trouble she would get herself in if she had weapons training. I pity the man you pick for her to marry, Father. He will have his hands full.” “Yes, I will have to find someone with an extraordinary amount of patience and a sense of humor.” With that there father returns to his office. Talia spins back around to face her company “See, I told you no one saw me do it.” With the biggest smile. Hux is seated in one of the chair facing the couch, he watches her wake. The brown eyes show one emotion after another pain, fear, and panic as she takes in her surrounding, then they find him. She doesn’t say a word. They stare at each other in complete silent. It’s a game but Hux decides he was willing to lose this one and speaks. “How are you feeling?” “Like my plane got shot down and I was punched in the stomach by some asshole, that’s how I’m feeling. Where is Cama?” “You must be thirsty; there is some water beside you. The pills are for the pain.” She looks at them both as if they were poisoned. “Where is Cama?” he knew her well enough to know that she would just keep asking that question over and over until she gets the answer. “She is in an interrogation cell, Talia. She is doing ok all things considered.” He moves forward to hand her the water and medication. ”I wish we were seeing each other again under different circumstances." He returns to his chair after she has taken the meditation. "How’s Liam? I heard he has children.” She stares at him; he releases a small sigh and continues, “I bet they will miss you. You see Talia, this time tomorrow the word will spread that you are missing in action. No one knows you’re here. Everyone will think you died when your plane went down. I can just imagine your brother will be beside himself with grief. I could let you contact him and let him know you’re ok. All I need is a little information.” Her eye harden, he has never seem them like this. He’d only seem the carefree joy filled eye, so full of mischief and wonder. The coldness in them now is surprising. “I won’t tell you anything. If you’re going to interrogate me Armitage, you should put me in a cell. I doubt it is regular prodigal to have a resistances pilot in your rooms.” Her comment pissed him off to no end. True this has never happened before, he would never allow resistance scum in is quarters, but this was HER. Well if she insisted on being treated like any other prisoner then so be it. Maybe in a day or two she would be more appreciative of his kindness towards her. “If that is what you wish.” He was up and had her by her arms in a second. “On your feet, prisoner.” His tone was cold and harsh, his grip like irons on her upper arms. The fear that entered her eye was expected, but still hurt his soul to see, though his face would never faulted from a look of cold indifference. He ushered her out of his quarters. Of course Kylo Ren is in the hallway, now he would want to interrogate them. He has obsessed about finding that Jakku scavenger since star killer base was destroyed. Handing Talia over to the guard he watched from a distance to insure they don’t harm her. He checks on the blond, she had fallen asleep. He had no choice now, he had to break her. There was no way he could interrogated Talia. He couldn’t allow her to be beaten or let Ren near her. If he was going to protect her this blond would have to pay the cost. He may as well get this over with. Chapter 3 It has been hours and this blond had passed out from the pain. Still she hasn’t given them anything. He is tired and needs a break. Stopping to check on Talia she is huddled in the corner of the room, cold but asleep. He would see her in the morning. Giving instructions to the guards that no one is allowed access to this prisoner. He left to get some sleep. Having her here as made him reminisce about their childhood. Truth be told, Talia was an annoyance to him that first summer. The young girl on Liam’s coat tails, he remembers thanking the stars he didn’t have a sibling some days. Though Liam never complained and would happy bring her along. When Hux did question him about it Liam shrugged his shoulders, Dad’s too busy for her, I’m all she has and soon I will be going to school and she will be alone. Hux watch from a window the day Liam was dropped off at the Academy. Talia hugs her brother with tears running down her face. Her prodigal droid had to break them apart in the end, basically dragging her back to their transporter. He felt a pinch of envy for Liam to be loved so. No one was going to miss him. Hux was surprised a few days later to receive message from Talia asking him how he’s doing. She wrote to him regularly even if he didn’t reply. She signed every letter- With Love from Home. Slowly he drifted off to sleep. *** He had only slept three hours when he was awaken. There was a situation with the prisoners. He’s stomach dropped. It couldn’t be Talia, he gave instruction no one would disobey him. “What Happened?” Kylo Ren integrated the blond but when he didn’t find what he was looking for he demanded the other prisoner be brought to him. He was in one of his rages and the Troops were too scared to refuse him.” Captain Phasma explained on the way down to the cells. The enter the blondes cell, Ren had killed her. The lifeless eye of the blond staring back at him. Sitting beside her was Talia, staring straight ahead. “Talia,” Hux kneels beside her. It was like she didn’t hear him. Gentle he touches her hand even that doesn’t get a respond. “Get a medic in here now; I want the security footage. Where are the original guards that were here?” Everyone starts moving trying to complete their orders. He did not dare move her until a medic had seem her. Well they exam Talia he watches the security tape. Ren didn’t even ask a question he marched in the room well the blond slept and just attacked her mind ripping through it. The sounds of her screams were nauseating. Then she breaks, clearly frustrated Ren demands the other prisoner is brought to him. The guard did try to follow orders but when Ren demands a second time the guard retreated and came back with Talia. That bastard was in her mind before the guard let her go. The scream she lets out makes Hux’s knees weaken. Ren seem to back off a bit the screams go to a mild whimper, than he releases her. She falls to the floor, crying. Ren watches her for a moment then leave with the guards, the door slides shut. Talia is sobbing but pushes herself up; she starts to crawl to her friend. “Cama, Cama are you ok?” she reaching for the dead blonds shoulder the body rolls on to its back. Meeting the dead eyes of her friend Talia hands fly to her month and she pushes herself body back against the wall trying to get as far away from the body as possible. The horror of seeing her friend dead sends her into a panic attack, she vomits and then stares at her friend. For two hours she sits there before the screen shows Hux entering the cell. “General, she suffering from severe shock.” The doctor is snapping his fingers in front over Talia’s face and she doesn’t even blink. “Until she recovers from that there is no way from me to know if she suffered any brain damage from Commander Ren entering her mind.” The doctor reviews the security video. He can’t be sure but said he is hopeful, compared the interaction to the blond Ren was almost gentle at the end, but they can only hope at this point. “So what came we do?” Hux asks “Do? Well this is the kind of thing that will fix it’s self in its own time. We can’t rush it. Her brain is processing what has happened. In time her mind will accept what has happened and she will slowly but surely come back. The most we can do it make her comfortable. Should we have her brought to the medical ward?” “No,” she is not leaving his sight unless she’s locked in his quarter. “She will remain in my quarters, please arrange for you staff to treat her there.” With that he scoops her in his arms and leaves the cell. He set her on the couch and got some water. “Talia, you need to drink some of this.” He pushes the glass to her lips pouring in a bit. Most of it goes down, repeating the same process a few more time. Then he lays her down and covers her with a blanket. “Rest, Talia you are safe here. I wouldn’t let anyone hurt you.” he says as her place the stray hairs hanging in her face back were they should be. Anger boiled in him, he grabs is communicator. “Ren, where the hell are you?” “I’m on my way to Oasas that’s where the new base is located.” “You NEVER should have interrogated my prisoners without asking. You killed one; the other is in a catatonic state.” “Before you get all huffy Hux, I got the job done, so I don’t see the problem; we don’t keep prisoners alive.” “THAT IS NOT YOUR CALL TO MAKE, REN” Hux yells he looks over at Talia she hasn’t moved but he’s nervous that yelling would upset her condition more so he leaves the living room and goes into his bedroom for the remained of the conversation. “Let’s try being honest with one and other Hux. I know this isn’t about me killing the blond. If she would have given me the information I need before she broke I won’t have touched your Talia.” Rage burned through his veins hearing Ren say her name. “Oh and don’t go thinking I went easy on her for you. I did it for Rey. Talia happens to be Rey’s best friend. That’s what saved her. Now I’m going to get my new apprentice. We will discuss this when I return.” Ren disconnects Hux returns to the living room, nothing has changed other than a little orange cat is now curled up on her stomach. The doctor makes hourly checkups on her. Hux sits in the chair watching her stare at the ceiling with unseeing eyes, hating Kylo Ren with every fiber of his being. The silence was driving him to mad. “Talia remember the summer after Liam start at the Academy?” Chapter 4 The day of the wedding he can see Talia down by the pond with a group of giggling girls. She was looking lovely in a ice violet dress. Her hair in loose spiral curls down her back. He admirers her from afar. He himself starting to prepare for the occasion. He makes his way down to the pond at his father's pushing to see if the girls need assistance. "All look this way, good now how about one with the bride, Talia and the brother, Poe." Hux sees a male around his age step forward, he was a roguish handsomeness about him. Many of the ladies throw smiles at him but he clearly has his eye on Talia. That bothered Hux more than it should. "Armie,"she waves with a large smile. Poe gives his an appraising look up and down. "Ah, my heels keep sinking in the ground." Petra complains. "I think that's enough photos. "Here baby girl, I'll carry you back" with that Poe scoops Petra up and winks at Talia. "If you want Tal, I could come back for you." A chorus of girls asking Poe to carry them but Talia only lifts she dress to her ankles showing that the tiny savage was bare foot. "I should go thank the Hux's for letting us come over. Armie came escort me back. I'll be back in a moment." He nods extending his arm. She whisper to him, "compliment the bride" as she steps towards him. Of course what was he thinking. "Your look beautiful Miss Petra, Liam is indeed a lucky man." She thanks him but again he gets a coolness from her. He lead Talia to the house, both is father and step mother are on the porch watching the group. "I just came to thank you again for allowing us to do this Sir,Madame." "No problem at all child." Hux father replies. "I hope the weather holds for the ceremony." "Myself as well, I do have a surprise in store and I really need the rain to hold off for it." "Talia!" Petra cries from across the field. Her and Poe watching from a far. "That would be the bride. I must go, thank you and we shall see you later of course." With that she turns and Hux follows behind he as she makes her was across the field. "You look lovely as well," he realized he never complement her. She waves a had dismissively. "Today is about Petra, one day will be my day but today my goal is her happiness and well as you may have notice she can be a bit hard to please." The ceremony and meal passed with Hux's eyes staying on her. He lost track of her for a moment after the meal. He took a walk around the house to find her. Through the back window he see her and that Poe together. "So attach these too?" He hears Poe ask "No, here this and this, heres some tape, they can't get wet." Talia kneeling in he pretty dress working on wiring. "Where did you learn this?" Poe asks "I was always fascinated with fireworks and explosives. I spend a lot of time here alone growing up, so no one can really stop me from messing around." "How does this look." "Ok I'm setting it up to my trigger, get back to the party and get ready, it's going to be prefect." She smiles at Poe. Hux sees that Poe is going to get fresh, he starting to lean in for a kiss. He clears his throat. "Armie, there's nothing to see here, come I need a dance partner." She grabs his hand and leads him back to house. They are on the dance floor. Hux isn't the greatest dancer but he does his best. Poe is now dance with one of the brides maids and watching Talia. "He has eyes for you." She follows his gaze to Poe. "Poe has eyes for all pretty girls." "What were you two up too?" "That is a surprise, Armie. You'll see, I promise it's worth the wait." She gives him a mischievous smile. "They look happy doesn't they?" She was looking at Liam. "Yes, happy indeed." He smiles at her. "We should all be so luckily." The song was ending. "Ready for my big surprise Armie?" She smiles at him turning the switch on the remote in her hand. The sky lights up with firework. Liam pulls Petra close to his side as they watch the show. He glances over at his sister recognizing her handy work. She whispers to Armie, "I needed to do a test run so I could make sure it was perfect. That was why I set then off at graduation." She smiles at her brother and sister in law. "I suppose you had nothing to do with this display either, my dear." He father comments from behind. "Why father what a scandalous thing to say, how could I possible have had a hand in this." She tossed the trigger to Armie and opens her empty hands. "You my darling daughter have your hands all over this. What ten year old girl asks for gun powered for her birthday?" He chuckles "The best kind, in my opinion." "In my opinion as well." He kisses her forehead. The music starts again father and daughter share a dance. Hux watches Talia dancing with her father and all he can think is she was not like any other lady he had meet. She was fearless and beautiful. She was like the sunshine, she radiated life and you wanted nothing more then to have her light shine on you even for a moment. The doctor still check on her hourly but there is no change. Hux goes about most of his work from there only once or twice did he leave her side. He talked to her about there childhood and memories he had of her. He moved her to his bed for comfort. He sit beside her, "Talia do you remember our third summer together. The time you planned that picnic and I didn't show up? Some how you knew something was wrong. You snuck over to my house in the dead of night. You are the only person who has ever seen me like that. Seen what father did when I failed him. I was so ashamed when you saw me, but them you hugged me. I had never been hugged before, not like that. That one moment was the most loved I have ever felt in my entire life. I just wanted you to know you have never been far from my thoughts, I know that we chose different paths but now we have been brought back together. I like to think this is destiny. I was meant to take care of you Talia. I will do everything from now on to keep you safe." Chapter 5 It had been three day with no change. The doctors assure him that she will be fine. Though they have now given her an IV and there are talks about moving her to med bay for a feeding tube. Hux is reluctance to allow her to leave just yet. He tells himself over and over that she will wake any moment. Last night instead of sleeping he found himself staring at her willing her to wake. Nothing happened, other than he was especially tired today. The report of her missing in action has reached Liam. Hux found a message from his father waiting for him that morning. Liam and his wife had contacted the Hux’s to find information. They were willing to pay whatever the First Order wants for her release if she was a captive. Hux hasn’t figured out how to tell them about her current state so he was avoiding the message. Father was never one for traitors but Liam and Talia were like family. For the most part Liam was natural in the fight. His wife was a closet resistance supporter as her brother was one of their most trusted members. Hux cursed Poe Dameron this was all his doing. “I can’t believe Malcord would allow such a thing.” The next morning at breakfast his step-mother is all in a frazzle about something Talia’s father has done. “We should have her stay here we can’t leave her over there with that lot. Clearly Liam has married into the republic.” She hisses the word republic. Hux had to agree from the limited conversions he hear and held with the Dameron family he had deduced the same thing. “Liam is a smart boy. I’m sure he knows what he’s doing. Malcord would not have allowed the marriage if it didn’t benefit their family.” His father’s says, not looking away from his data pad. “What about poor Talia? Liam is gone on his honeymoon; Malcord leaves on another business trip; now she is alone with a house full of Republic supporters. She is young, Brendol, impressionable. That older son of theirs eyed her all evening as well.” Brendol has hear all he wishes to hear about the neighbors, and there new republic in-laws stay next door. He sets down his data pad. “Armitage, you are on a month’s leave correct?” He was, he had only planned to stay here a few days and then head for Coruscant’s entertainment district, let off some stream. “Yes, father.” Hux is unsure what his leave had to do with the neighbors. From what he has pieced together, Talia is to host the Dameron family well her father is way. “There Armitage can watch over her.” Well I guess Armitage isn’t going to Coruscant. “Would you Armitage? Oh, we need to watch out for our little Talia, her father all but abandoned her with the enemy. I just worried what they will put in her head. She is a bit of a free spirit and if she isn’t watch closer by her family she may flutter away.” “Always the dramatic aren’t we. Talia is a good girl; her father will choose a suitable husband. You have to remember dear, they are not military, they are aristocrats. Malcord, could care less if a person is republic or with the order all he cares about is building the family wealth. Now I ‘ve had enough of this.” He leaves the table heading for his office. “You will stay and watch over her, won’t you?” he nods his head. “Good, good. She is very dear to me Armitage. She is like a daughter. I don’t care what your father says I will not lose her to the Republic.” He leaves the house shortly after that. It is raining as usual. He makes his way to Talia’s house. She is on the porch directing stuff as they clean away the remanence of the wedding. She is wearing a simple dress, her hair in loose braid, tentacles already starting to escape. She waves at him when she sees him in the distance. From this distance she looks like her mother. Not that he had met her but he had seen photos. He makes his way over to her. As he gets closer he notices Poe sitting in one of the chairs all stretched out relaxing away well he watched Talia with an appraising look. This guy was starting to annoy. “Morning Armie! Did you have fun last night?” “Yes, one of the best weddings I’ve been too.” He is making his way up the porch now; Poe was now eyeing him with distaste. Now closer to Talia he sees how tired she looks. “We are about to leave for town soon, so guess will see you around, Armie.” Poe gets up and heads inside. He said Hux’s name with a mocking tone which makes him like the guy even less. “Father left this morning.” She turns her head giving Hux a small sad smile. “The Dameron’s will be staying until Liam returns. Depending on the weather they will be gone at least two weeks but perhaps up to a month. How long are you here Armie?” “I have leave for a month. You look tired, why don’t you go get some rest. I can make sure everything get cleaned up out here.” “I promised the Dameron’s I’d take them to town.” “They are all grownups, I think they can manage to find the town on their own.” She smiles but shakes her head. “Father would be disappointed. I am to be a proper hostess.” “If it means that much to you, I can take them. That way you will have a quiet house to get some sleep. You can be a proper hostess later.” “You would do that for me?” “I would.” “Your good to me, Armie,” She wraps him in her arms, she always did give the best hugs. You could feel it, right to your bones the compassion she put in it. “Thank you.” She smiles a tired smile at him and then makes her escape to her room. “Smooth,” Poe is standing at the corner of the porch looking at him, “Offering to let her rest, taking the visitors to town. Not the way I’d of played my hand but you got a hug out of the deal so….” He raises a mug of coffee to him. “I am quite sure I don’t know what you’re implying.” “Oh you know, that I know, exactly what you're up too, because let’s face it we are playing the exact same game. You have home field advantage but I like my odds.” Poe gives him an arrogant smirk. “I don’t play games. Talia and I grew up together.” “Talia isn’t the little girl you use to play with now though. I never really went for my sister’s friend in the past but Talia she has a wild streak in her. “Poe gives him a wink.” Well, game on my uptight rivalry.” He lets out an over exaggerated yawn. “Have fun in town with my parents. I’m afraid I am suddenly too tired to come along.” He slowly walks back into the house. Hux loathed that man. “Sir, we have word from Kylo Ren, he has captured the Scavenge. He is reroute to the Finalizer.” His reminiscing interrupted. “Forward him our coordinates.” He looks back at Talia. “I will make him pay for doing this to you.” Chapter 6 "A father shouldn't have to wait to be contacted by his son." Brendol scolds him. "I have been busy Father." Brendol's eye bore into him. "Apparently, to busy to answer a simply question. Is Talia with you?" "She is father." Brendol looks relieved. "There was complications I was waiting to have better news to deliver." Brendol sits silently well Hux explains the situation. "I see, well I will reassure Liam that she is alive and contect me when she wakes." "I will need to keep her, father. She is a prisoner." "Armitage, you will take a reasonable bribe from Liam and hand her over to her brother." "She will only return to the resistance father. She is my prisoner." He knows he sounds like a sulking child. "Liam assures me she will not. He is planning to find her an appropriate husband and he will offer them the house here on Arkanis. She will be watch closely." Talia married, his heart aches at the thought. Again father shows his remarkable skill of reading his thoughts. "You can't keep her, Armitage. She was never meant for you." He feels like his six years old again when Father found the kitten in his room. "You have a purpose, you have dedicated your life to the first order. You can't have a wife at this time. You can not afford the distraction. When the war is won, then you can take a young wife to produce heirs." There is a long silence, Hux feel defected. "Contact me when she wakes." His father disconnects. He goes back to sit with Talia. She would wake so and then be taken from him. She would marry someone unworthy of her. Whom ever he was he would love her, who wouldn't love her. Perhaps she would grow to love this man. They would have children and if he ever went home he would see the family that could have been his.....it's not fair. He has given up everything for the order. Is he not allowed to have anything he truly wants? The defect was slowly being replaced with anger. An anger than was eating at him. "Armitage?" His eye snap open. He had fallen asleep. Talia was looking at him. She starts pulling the IV out of her arm. Awake, awake at last. The happiness he felt in this one moment, what truly the happiest he has ever been. "Talia, how are you feel?" He moves to sit by her completely forgetting the data pad that now clattered against the floor. "I'm ok, where are we?" She looks around the room puzzled by what she sees. "We are aboard the Finalizer. This are my quarters." He helps her raise to a sitting position. "What's the Finalizer?" She looks to him perplexed. "It is a First Order star destroyer." Her eyes get large. "What am I doing here?" "Talia I need to call the Doctor. He need to come see you." He can sense it she is starting to panic. "Ok just stay here a moment, I'll get you some food as well." He waits outside the room well, she sees the doctor. When her exits the room he looks concerned. "Well General, the good news is she seems to physically be fine other than being weak." "I sense a but coming doctor." "Well sir, there seems to be a problem with her memory." "I noticed. She doesn't remember how she arrived aboard the Finalizer." "Sir, she has no memory of the past eight years." Eight years! That would mean she has no memory of her time with the resistance. "Well her memory return?" "I don't know sir. I calmed her down but she is quite upset to learn she is a resistance prisoner." Why, why did he tell her that. "Thank you doctor, " he shows the old fool to the door. He can't believe the doctor told her she's a prisoner. Lost frighten eyes find his when he return to her side. "Armitage, I ...." He moves to take a seat beside her again. Taking her hand in his. "The doctor said your going to be fine." "He said I'm a prisoner. Am I?" She is so lost the poor sweet thing. "At this time I prefer to think of you as my guest." "Why was I fighting with the Resistance? The last thing I remember was visiting Liam and Petra, she was pregnant...oh, I must be an aunt now." "Yes, From what I've been told Liam has two children." "I'm an Aunt." she whisper with a small smile. "I don't understand though, how did I get here?" "Your ship was shot down when we attacked the base. I assume you were there to set the charges because the base was destroyed when we arrived." "I was allowed to play with military grade explosives?" Her eyes bewildered by the thought. "Me? What the hell happened?" Poe Dameron happened he cursed in his mind. "The last time I saw you Armie. I was leaving Arkanis to join Liam on Corascent. Oh poor Liam must be having kittens right now and father, do they know I'm alright?" Oh no! "Yes, my father has informed Liam you are with me but Talia, your father he has pasted. I'm so sorry." Tear well up in her eyes. Damn his heart ached for her. This is the second time he watched her morn her father. Somehow this time seemed worse. "General, Kylo Ren is on approach." The comm sounded at his side. Stars, what timing, he can't leave her now. "If he needs to see me inform him I will be in my quarters." He longs to provide her with the comfort she requirers, though he lacks the ability. He had little experience with such acts of kindness and tenderness. He can count the number of hugs he's received on one hand and well they were all give to him by her. He gingerly wraps his arms around her. "It was his heart, you did what you could but it was his time." She cried against his shoulder. Only when her stomach makes a rather large noise to protest its hunger did he release her. "You need to eat something. Do you wish to come to the tables?" You have been in this bed for a while perhaps a change. He helps her lift her weak body out of bed aiding her to the table. They are just enter the room when his door slides open. Ren drags a tiny girl in the room. "Talia! Oh thank the stars. I have been worried sick." She breaks away from Ren and moves towards Talia pulling her into a hug. "Who are you?" Talia pulls away looking at the girl in bewilderment. She moves closer to Hux. The hurt on the scavengers face as she pulled away was clear. "Tal, your joking right? This is one of your pranks. I'm me, Rey, we have been roommates for two years." Talia is slowly taking steps away from her. She looks to Hux. Rey's eye lock on him too. "What did you do to her? Was she reconditioned! It that what you did?" Her voice raises and becomes more aggressive as she speaks. "I have done nothing. This was his doing. He messed about in her mind. She has only awaken a few hours ago." Talia moved even closer to Hux looking at Ren with caution. Soon she is standing behind him seeks his protection for these strangers. "Whatever Ren has done has cause her to lose the last eight years." Rey looks at Ren with eyes that could kill. Hux may have found the ally he need to make Ren pay for what he has done to Talia. "Scavenger, Talia was about to eat. Would you like to join her?" Ren starts to protest but stops when the woman levels him with a look. The nature of the relationship is irregular. "It's Rey and I'd love too." Talia repeats the name Rey a few time. Like her mouth is accustomed to the name but the mind was coming up blank. She sits at the table. A droid brings in food and fills the table. Hux made sure to order Talia's favorite things. "Talia, you must go slowly or you will be sick." She nods her understanding. "Ren, a word please." The scavenger watches them leave to go to his office. Chapter 7 "Tal, are you ok?" Rey, reaches across the table and placing her hand over hers. Talia looks down at the strangers hand, she genuinely seemed to be concerned about her but it felt awkward to be embraced in such an intimate way by someone she didn't know. All she can do is nod and slowly remove her hand. She uses the hand to pick up her fork in hopes to spare the girls feelings. "We were all so worry when you and Cama were shot down. Poe wouldn't let me go back, but he's been shaken up for days." "Poe Dameron? You know Poe?" "Well, yeah. Tal do you really not remember anything?" "My last memory was being with my brother and his wife. How long have you known me?" She pushes some food around her plate. "A little over a year I'd guess." Hux stomps back in the room. "Talia, you haven't eaten a bite!" He chastised. "I have a meeting you will remain here with the General until I return." The mechanical voice says before stomping out of the room. "What did you do to her?" Rey questions Hux is an accusing tone. "Me?! I would never hurt Talia, your captor did this." He moves to stand behind Talia placing a hand on her shoulder. "Please take a bite of something?" Rey's brow scrunched together as she watches them. "May I ask, how?" "Talia my dear I wish to speak to eh," he look at Rey but clearly doesn't know her name. "Rey," "Yes, of course, Rey in privet. You don't mind excusing us? We will be right there in my office." Talia nods and Rey follows Hux into the room. "Well, I have a video if you would like to see." He takes a seat behind him desk and watches Rey's face. A look of angry turn into fury. "Just so you know, I had instructed that no one be allowed to enter. The men on duty received disciplinary actions." "Cama is dead then." Rey takes a deep breath. "She also seemed to be in rough shape before Ren got his hands on her." "I was required to interrogate someone. I wasn't going to hurt Talia so yes the blond had to be the one." "You really care about Talia?" "I do and that is why we are in here, I believe you and I may be able to work together to get some revenge for the person we both mutually care for." "You want me to help you get back at Ren." Hux sits back in his chair, folding his hand in front of him. "I'm sorry I was under the impression that you truly care for Talia. Ren told me himself that he was easier on Talia because of her relationship with you. My apologizes perhaps she values your friendship more than you do hers." Rey blushes and looks down but her eyes come up hard. She is outrages that this man would question how much she cares for her friend. He had no idea, how she feels. How friends are a new and surprising wonderful addition to her life. "You have some nerve, if you cared so much about her why was she even in a cell?" She folds her arms over her chest. Rey can play this game too. "Tell me was it easy to abandon her when her ship was shot down?" They both eye one and another. Hux glances down at the monitor on his desk. Talia had just ran to the bathroom. "Did I not tell her to eat slowly? Did you not hear me say it?" He stands to exit, Rey following. "Talia,"he knocks on the bathroom door. "Are you alright?" The sound of retching is heard from the other side of the door. "I told you to eat slowly." He snapped but quickly changes tone. "I'm sorry I should have monitored you closer." Now waters running. She opens the door to see two part of concerned eyes on her. "I'm fine, I really just want to lay down please." "Of course, of course, you may use my bed." She goes over and lays down. "Wait, if I stay here where will you sleep?" Rey looks at Hux with raised eyebrow that are asking the same question but in a very accusing manner. "No need to worry I can take care of myself. Rest Talia, if you need me I will be out here." He longed to kiss her forehead but Rey was watching him very closely, looking like she would rip off any part of him that touched Talia. They leave Talia to rest. Rey takes a seat back at the table and starts to eat the remaining food. "Well, what do you propose for Ren?" "You escaping would reflect badly on him." "I'm not going anywhere, especially with Talia's in this condition. I've got to ask, are you the one that broke her heart?" Hux does reply. "She never talks about it, only to say a once dear friend hurt her and she was afraid she would never be able to forgive him. I think that you?" Hux still remain silent "Poe told me this friend killed her father." "I didn't kill her father!" He runs is hands through his hair. "We didn't know he was present at the meeting when the raid happened. The targets were key political allies to the New Republic. Had I know the troops would have been order to leave the others alive" "But they didn't and on your orders her father was nothing but collateral damage. Tell me, when you realized what you had done did you know in that moment you had lost her forever?" A memory of Poe holding a cry Talia back as she lunges, screaming at him. Liam forcing Hux to leave. This was his last memory of Talia. The day of Malcord funeral. "Yes," he hangs he head. "Malcord may not have been the best father but Talia adored him. I took him from her." He looks back at Rey." It didn't help that the blasted Dameron was in her ear. Forever trying to weasel his way into her pants. I won't lie I took great pleasure interrogating him when he was last abroad my ship." "Yeah he told me, well he lied to you." "I beg your pardon!" "He and Talia were never a thing. She said he was like family. Poe knew how you felt about Talia and well wouldn't you do the same all things considered?" "I have a second chance as long as her memories don't return that is and as long as no one says anything." Rey give him a pointed look. "What will your silence cost me?" "You are asking me to lie to her." "I don't want you to lie, only say you don't know if she ask you any question concerning her father's death. At this point the truth will only hurt her." "Very well in return you will protect me from Ren well I'm here and if I'm ever ready to leave you will provide me with the means." "Agreed." As long as her departed doesn't involve Talia then she can leave when ever she please. A Jedi Padawan means nothing to him. "I'm sure we will get are chance to get back at Ren. Patience and it will come." She stands to leave."I'm going to go lay down with Talia." "You realize she doesn't know you. Your going to make her feel uncomfortable." "She will have to get to know me again." With that the Jedi Rey leave him. He has a second chance, he just has to keep Liam at bay. He will have to think of a reason to keep her on board. The Jedi Rey maybe the key. If he tells father she is going to heal Talia mind with some of that Jedi magic then maybe they will not push the matter further.The Jedi says patience is what is need. Well Hux could be a very patience man. What if Talia regains her memory? What if she remembers the reason they hadn't spoken in years. Remember the reason she joined the resistance. He doesn't know if he can bare to have her hate him all over again. What if he told her the truth, just sat her down and explained. Explained it was an accident. The image of the scream enraged face was back in his mind. No, he can't chance it. He will just hope whatever Ren did was permanent.