Prologue Faslane was cold. The changing of seasons was not something that he experienced often, and he’d quite forgotten what Scotland looked like in its late-Autumn red and gold. Hux found that he quite hated it. He was certain that his pale face had turned a raw pink in the bitter Northern air, and that it clashed horribly with the surrounding trees. His mother had grimaced at him on the doorstep. She’d never learned how to smile genuinely. She’d said goodbye, as most mothers should, and had expressed a desire to see him again in a few months. Hux had responded in a likewise fashion whilst turning on his heel, and the door had closed behind him with a snap. It was certainly a positive of his job, living aboard a Submarine for months at a time. For one thing, they were never cold there. For another, they were only allowed one email home per week. Hux rarely used his. And now he was free, walking away from that artificial-blue door of his childhood, with newness in his step and a weight lifted from his shoulders. His happiness mixed with the utter relief that he had once more survived the duty of his semi-annual visit home. He could see the port of Clyde from the end of his mother’s front garden, and he took a moment to lean on the wooden gate (which creaked threateningly) and take in the view. The water rippled delicately across the bay, the mountains across from him tipped in the snow that hadn’t quite reached the lower ground of Faslane yet. In a month, when he would be mercifully out at sea, the entire town would be swamped with thick snow, he was sure. It was this thought that got him moving, as though standing still was directly tempting the weather to let hell loose on him. He opened the gate enough to allow himself to slip through, and then closed it gently behind him – not allowing the lock to scrape. He could’ve asked his mother to perhaps give him a lift down to the dock in her car, but he was entirely aware that he wouldn’t see many trees (or indeed grass, or leaves or any of it) until the next time they’d docked the boat, and thus wanted to appreciate it as much as he could whilst still on land. In any case, the cold grey sky was far more preferable than the cold silence of a car journey with his mother would be. It was warmer at the sea level of Her Majesty’s Naval Base Clyde, and Hux was welcomed at the entrance by the familiar music of shouting, and the nondescript clanks of machinery and loading vehicles. “Commander Hux,” acknowledged the woman on duty, saluting. She stepped aside and allowed him past the grey gates and onto the main courtyard. Hux nodded his thanks and made a move toward on of the smaller general office buildings. He had a room there with some belongings inside – those that were not already aboard HMS Vindicate. He would have to wear full uniform to board the boat, and although the scheduled departing time was a few hours away, his father had always imparted on him the importance of being prepared. He could see the boat a few hundred yards away at the end of the dock, looking for all things like a great black sea serpent, it’s surface slick with last night’s rain and glinting in the dim light that filtered through the clouds. He’d stopped to observe it rocking slightly in the still waters of the Loch, and now turned his head away to continue onwards. After visiting his quarters to organise the remainder of his belongings, and iron his uniform several times before putting it on, he left to once more observe the boat. General checks such as these had very little meaning beyond tradition; any issues with the vessel would have been discovered and fixed weeks ago. He straightened his hat, stepping out onto the courtyard and making toward the Submarine dock. Two men stood in guard beside the boarding platform, and saluted at his approach. “Commander Hux, Rear Admiral Snoke requires you in the board room.” Said the boy on the left, eyes rigidly forwards as was protocol, but hat at an almost imperceptible angle. Hux took no pleasure in appearing surprised, but this was news of which he couldn’t have pretended to anticipate. “Rear Admiral Snoke?” “Yes sir, he came up from London this morning and requested to see you. That’s all we’ve been told, Sir.” “Very well. Thank you, men,” Hux replied, almost turning before pointing towards the boy on the left, “Fix your hat, Sailor. This is the Royal Navy, not the Army.” He walked back towards the offices, where the blocks of dull, brown-bricked buildings awaited him yet again. The largest of them was also the welcoming reception for guests, and housed the boardrooms on the very top level. Upon passing through the ground floor office he spotted Phasma, alone, filing something in a cabinet, and so re-directed his route towards her. “Lieutenant Commander, why was I not informed that Snoke was here?” Hux said sternly when he was within range. “Apologies, Commander. I was unaware of his presence until a few minutes ago. It’s my understanding that the Rear Admiral knew that you would attend to Vindicate, and so thought to leave you a message there.” She was looking at him coolly, unfazed by his obvious annoyance. He was sure that little could rock her level-headedness. This was a hard career on women; she had certainly suffered worse than a few hissed words from him. “It was degrading, appearing unaware of the presence of my Commanding Officer.” He muttered, deigning to walk past her, and turning back only at her voice, “The only person aware of his journey here was Snoke himself. We had been given no forward warning, Sir. He’s on the third floor.” Now he was simply confused. This seemed like an unplanned visit, but surely it was something of importance for Snoke to have travelled up to the Scotland from London – on the day of HMS Vindicate’s departure, no less. He strode towards the stairs. This Naval Base was old, and there were no lifts. Hux was aware that even if there had been, he would have chosen the stairs regardless. The time used to climb them was time he could use to compose himself. The rapidity of a lift left no time for thought. He walked down a corridor of glass-walled offices, looking in each as he went, every one of them being empty – except the very last. Snoke sat at the head of the meeting table, looking like a man beyond his own age. He’d been sat there for some time, it appeared, arms braced on the polished wood, and wrinkled hands clasped together atop a thin paper file. His eyes were closed, and Hux momentarily feared that the man had passed away whilst waiting for him. Hux entered, and now Snoke’s eyes opened with unnerving slowness – his eyelids peeling back, reptile-like, and his pupils focusing instantly on Hux. “Sit.” The old man gestured at the seat opposite him. Hux had met Rear Admiral Snoke just once in his career. He’d been a Rating, sixteen years old and appropriately gangly. Legs far too long, and freckles equally numbered with acne. His father had taken him along to a dinner in London. “Here’s my boy!” He’d announced to a group of associates, guiding Hux forward into his circle, “A man like his own father. On his way to get his Dolphin badge, aren’t you, boy?” The men around him had hummed in approval. Someone had smiled at him. “He’ll be on his way up the ranks soon, I’d imagine. First time at sea is next week, HMS Turbulent.” His father had patted him twice on the shoulder, and let his hand drop. Hux had felt, then, pride. Followed by the weight of his father’s expectation. The pride had stayed with him; his father’s expectation had thankfully lifted once the old man was buried in the ground. At the end of that night, Snoke had shaken his hand. He’d been a Commander then, much as Hux was now. He’d given a few words of encouragement and, from then on, Snoke had just been a name in the system to him. He no longer had active duty, and rarely left London. He passed his orders down along the chain, as was custom, and that was that. But here he was now, looking severely older and much more decrepit than Hux had remembered him being all those years ago. The number of his wrinkles grew the closer that Hux got, and by the time he’d reached the offered chair, he was shocked by the size of the man. Snoke was feeble, curled in upon himself. He couldn’t be more that five and a half foot once standing. Had he always been so slight? Hux schooled his expression into one of professional curiosity, and sat upon the high-backed chair, hands automatically clasping together. “I’m an old man, Commander Hux, and so I’ll get to the point. In two hours, a civilian by the name of Kylo Ren will arrive in Faslane. He is to come aboard the HMS Vindicate in complete secrecy and remain there for the next few months.” Hux gaped. “But…Sir, with all due respect, I cannot simply allowed an unqualified man upon my vessel. It goes against every regulation.” “I am your superior. I give you leave to forgo those regulations in order to obey me. Do not question this decision, Commander, it will become clear with time. I have a file –“ With this he picked up the thin cardboard file in front of him and offered it to Hux, “-which will impress upon you the seriousness of this situation remaining secret.” Snoke stood with a surprising fluidity, and pushed his chair under the table neatly. In passing behind Hux – still seated, and staring at the place in which Snoke had vacated – he rested an almost fatherly hand on his shoulder. “I know you will do the correct thing, Armitage.” The jarring use of his own first name awoke Hux from his stupor, and he turned, “Sir, surely, you can tell me more. I cannot operate under such limited information.” “All the information you require is within the file.” And with that he had gone, the door thunking once against the doorframe, leaving Hux with a thin file loosely gripped in one hand. Chapter 2 : Deployment Hux wasn’t entirely sure what had just happened. It had all felt like a sick dream. He could almost feel Brendol Hux breathing down his neck, daring him to disobey a Commanding Officer’s order. Or, likewise, daring him to disobey set regulations. There could be no balance here, he realised, as he picked at the edge of the file he’d been handed. He wanted to stop himself, lest he damage the paper, yet he simply needed to do something with his hands. He felt like tearing the damned thing in two. There was the strangest sensation, the cold prickle of watching eyes, but when he looked around the room there was nobody there. He’d experienced this before, and often wondered if it could be his father from beyond the grave. Hux expected the man would appear in ghost form to berate him one day. It was one of those moments in life where he just needed to sit for a few minutes and pull himself back together. Once his mind had calmed slightly, all thoughts of ghostly eyes gone, he felt brave enough to open the file. He had less than two hours now to posture himself, to adjust to this minor obstacle in his path. The ‘Ren’ person had no true threat to his job, he was likely a journalist or a reporter or some such. He’d heard of such things happening aboard other vessels – an investigative piece revealing the day-to-day practices of a nuclear submarine. Yes, that was likely. There had been a lot of talk about Trident recently, a lot of talk about reducing the five nuclear deterrents down to four – even to three. It was simply a media piece to smooth over public’s relationship with the secret workings of the Royal Navy. As for Rear Admiral Snoke’s abrupt meeting, Hux was sure that the man had plans elsewhere. He was busy, after all. In fact, it showed immense professionalism that he had sought to tell Hux of these plans in person. Very commendable. Of Ren – Kylo Ren – Hux corrected once he’d read the name on the inner page of the file – there was little to worry about. Someone with such a ridiculous-sounding name couldn’t possibly be any threat. It might be interesting, even, to mingle with a civilian for the first time in a few years. He closed the file, despite having read no further than the first sentence. He had a job to do, and the boat was still docked in the port, requiring his clearance. Kylo Ren could wait. He’d only had two weeks leave, and yet he’d forgotten the feeling of being in a submarine. Hux wasn’t an outrageously tall man, but stooping as he walked through the cramped corridors was a necessity. He remembered his earlier days upon the HMS Turbulent, where his head would constantly come into contact with pipes and door frames. He’d learned to duck by the end of his first week of deployment. He touched a hand to the mess room door frame as he went through it, relishing the cool metal under his fingers, the almost imperceptible brush strokes of white paint that covered it. Two of the chefs were already at business, peeling a mountain of potatoes into a container, talking as they did so. They wouldn’t do this in the mess room usually - certainly not after departure, but the kitchen could be claustrophobic, and it was fair for them to take advantage of the space before everyone had boarded. “Men.” Hux nodded. He recognised them from the previous deployment, although he was aware that a new Chef recruit would be joining them this time. He’d be taking out a few Ratings this time around, in fact, a group of eight and all of them working towards their Dolphin badges as he had all that time ago. The two chefs – Carter and Hoff, Hux remembered absently – has ceased their work, evidently expecting him to give an order. “As you were.” Hux said, eyes scanning the mess room, before continuing his journey through the mess room’s other exit. It was unfathomably quiet. More so without all the men on board, and even then a submarine could be deathly still. It was in such a situation as this that Hux realised how noisy the wind through a tree could be - how the crackle of a dry leaf underfoot could sound like thunder in comparison to this; threatening stillness. Submarines needed to be quiet, especially one as important as this. His travels around the rest of the boat took little enough time, and he was done with an hour to spare before the boarding of the other sailors – and of Kylo Ren. It struck him that Snoke hadn’t mentioned any specifics besides the need for secrecy. If secrecy was so fundamental, how on earth would this man get into a heavily regulated military base? Perhaps it was time to read the file. Hux retreated to his on-board quarters. The implication of the word ‘quarters’ and the realism of what it actually was, was laughable to say the least. It was a glorified cupboard. A desk, a chair, a bed. The carpet was grey and rough. There were fold-down shelves on which he kept his books. A lot of men brought electronic equipment with them for books these days, tablets and the like, but in his opinion they couldn’t rival the genuine feel of a book in one’s hands. As small as it was, however, it was better than the sleeping quarters of the other men. Higher ranked sailors had the reward of sharing a room with fewer people, but those on the bottom rung slept nine to a room – three walls, each with a bunk bed of three levels, and the fourth wall with the door and some emergency equipment. At least Hux had the promise of privacy. It was in his room that he finally sat down to read the rest of the file, aware of the limited time in which to do so, but too unmotivated to attack the information with any real enthusiasm. Kylo Ren was a citizen of both the UK and America – great, just what they needed, a Yank – he would be aboard for as long as Rear Admiral Snoke deigned, and would be treated with equal respect as his colleagues. Hux snorted. He wondered what the men would make of that. His business upon the vessel, Hux read, was undisclosed. Undisclosed. The barb felt almost like a physical blow. Hux was the Commanding Officer of the HMS Vindicate. Nothing that happened aboard this boat was above his clearance level. What was Snoke playing at? A small voice in his head suggested, daringly, that perhaps what Snoke was doing wasn’t legal at all - that the reason for all this subterfuge was that he was working directly against his Command. Snoke wasn’t the highest rank in the Royal Navy, far from it in fact, and if any of his superiors were to know … But, no. Snoke was his Commanding Officer. He couldn’t. Even if he had wanted to, it was beyond his ability to reject a direct order. Besides, the only evidence he had against Snoke was the visit he’d received from the man, which could have been due to a variety of reasons, and the unmarked file that he held in his hands. If he were going to act, he would have to do it carefully, collecting information along the way. If, of course. If. It was perfectly reasonable to assume that Snoke was relaying top-secret orders from above. He turned back to the file. The little information supplied simply suggested that Hux was to mind his own business and leave Kylo Ren to his devices. It was all most intriguing, and very improper. What would Brendol Hux have done in such a position? Refuse Snoke’s orders? Perhaps push this Ren fellow off of the Submarine funnel once away from Scotland? Hux’s temples had begun to ache, and they’d not even deployed yet. What a hell of a few months this would be. At the very bottom of the second of the file’s two pages was a short paragraph detailing Kylo Ren’s arrival. He would be dressed as one of the new recruits, and would reveal himself to the Commanding Officer once aboard. Hux puffed out a breath of relief, glad that he was not expected to engage in nefarious activities in order to get this man aboard. Still, the idea of his vessel being infiltrated by a civilian - and an American at that - was almost too much to bear. He wasn’t sure which of the two labels was worse. What was more, he didn’t know if Kylo Ren had been listed as a new recruit all along, or if the initial eight they were taking onboard would now be nine. The idea that this situation could have been planned several months ahead made him nothing short of furious. Nothing in the file had said if Kylo Ren was to continue to act the new recruit upon deployment, and Hux didn’t know if the man would play along or not. But because he hadn’t gone through the initial training at HMS Raleigh it was safe to say he would be found out by the other men at some point in the future. Hux wasn’t worried about keeping Ren a secret once aboard, it was not his concern. Anything written in the Sailors’ weekly emails to family would be checked by Naval Communications, and thus by Snoke. Anything about Kylo Ren would be picked clean from record. ‘Turn a blind eye’, his father would’ve told him. ‘You serve the Officer above you, not the country, no matter what anybody says.’ He’d heard this from the man countless times. ‘If the Prime Minister orders you to detonate Trident, you don’t cry for each little barefoot orphan you’ll create. You follow your orders.’ He wanted to appease the ghost, so he closed his eyes and nodded once with fierce determination. When he got up from the desk, he folded the file in two and slotted it between the two most boring books on the shelf above. His fingers itched, as though he had touched something poisonous. Lieutenant Commander Phasma was waiting for him on the dock when he left the boat. She was a lone female on his vessel, and was only allowed to be there because of her rank. Females and males could not share sleeping quarters, and while the newer Astute-Class submarines were built with this in mind, the older Vanguard-Class were built only to cater to men. It was luck that Lieutenant Commanders were blessed with private rooms as the Commanders were. Had she been any lower rank, she would have been forced to stay aboard an Astute. He welcomed her presence aboard. Although they spoke to each other frankly and sometimes without gentleness, they had in fact been friends since childhood. It was part of the job to be professional, and it was a part of their genetics as well – both being children of former Naval families. Her smile was tight. “I’d hoped to meet Rear Admiral Snoke, but found that he had vanished after your brief meeting.” “Yes, well, had I an answer for his brevity, I would surely tell you. As it is, I hardly know what the meeting’s meaning was myself.” “Anything I should know?” She raised a pale eyebrow inquisitively. “All above your level, I’m afraid.” He neglected to mention that most of it was apparently above his as well. She nodded. “I’d presumed as much.” They walked together in an easy silence toward the main courtyard, where the new recruits would soon line up for a final drill and parade. “I’d normally suggest we wait inside, Sir, but it’s a nice day today. For November, at least.” “And we’ll have had enough of ‘being inside’ in a few weeks,’ Hux offered a rare smile, ‘We’d get down on hand and knee just for a few minutes outdoors in a heavy thunderstorm.” They waited not all that long, as it happened. The new recruits had been marched from the barracks to the courtyard, perfectly in time and looking sharp in their new uniforms. Hux knew none of their names yet, but would come to know them eventually. Forced proximity did well in increasing team-relations. He noted that there were nine of the recruits. He looked at each of them in turn, none of them returning his gaze, staring straight ahead as was taught. Their training Officer brought them to attention, and they each numbered off from left to right. When this was done, they were ordered to fall out, and march towards the edge of the yard where they would wait at attention. Whichever man Kylo Ren was, he was doing a good job of blending in. Soon, the remainder of the crew had marched into ranks, and the Junior Ratings were ordered to step back in and join the end of the parade. “Company, attention!” Hux shouted. There was a beat, and then the sound of a hundred and thirty two pairs of feet coming together. At this point, Hux had always felt overwhelmingly powerful. He could order these men to do anything. The thought gave him a giddy sense of glee. “Company, fall out!” The sound of a hundred and thirty two pairs of feet swiveling on the tarmac, and then coming together once more. There was a gentle sound of chatter, now, as Hux and Phasma each made their way back the HMS Vindicate. They would see little of each other in the next few weeks, despite being stuck on a boat together for three months. Submariners worked in shifts of twelve hours a time. Twelve hours on duty, twelve hours off to do with as they pleased. Sleeping was the main preoccupation. This was the structure of their next three months. As such, it was necessary that two separate crews worked aboard one Submarine, so that the first could work while the other slept. Hux would be in charge of the first shift, Phasma the next. There would be little availability for chat. You ate, slept, and showered when you could. It was a life of discipline, order. Hux adored it. “Back into the fray, I suppose.” Phasma said lightly as they reached the boarding platform. “As always, Lieutenant Commander.” “Although it’s worth it alone for the pay.” Hux allowed an honest smile at that. “You can’t pay a man enough for depriving him of fresh air for three months.” “Not quite true, Sir, we can always pop our heads out from time to time. Anyway, I’m off to get a good seat for lunch. I’ll see you when I see you.” She saluted and then made her way onto the vessel, followed by a number of her crew. The new ratings had been ordered to remain outside, awaiting their first address. They had fallen in line on the dockside, at ease, stoic and unmoving. They seemed a good group. He’d given the order for attention, observing their form for a moment, and was on the cusp of giving his next command when a voice broke out, “I don’t need to be here for this.” Hux found himself in the rare position of speechlessness. The ninth recruit, right at the end of the line, was staring at him defiantly. Kylo Ren, Hux knew immediately. The thickness of the American accent, the slight curl on the end of each word, stuck out like a sore thumb. “Speak out of term like that again, sailor, and I can arrange for you to not come aboard at all.” Hux replied curtly. He faced the rest of the group once more. “This is the first day of your Royal Naval Career. I am Commander Armitage Hux, just in case that information has somehow bypassed you. As Ratings, your main aim of this deployment is to-“ “I’m not a Rating, Hux. I don’t need to hear the welcoming speech.” Now some of the other recruits had turned to observe him, and Hux realised that this was quickly getting out of hand. “Eyes front!” He snapped. The Ratings sharply returned to position. Kylo Ren’s black eyes remained firmly on him. He didn’t seem to blink. “You will be working towards your Dolphin badges. By the end of our projected three month deployment, you will be a fully-qualified member of the Royal Navy, as well as an able Submariner,” There was a slight bite to his words, “Company, fall out!” Eight pairs of feet came together, and the Ratings turned to the right – forming a straight line that was punctuated by the unmoving Kylo Ren. Awkwardly, the others navigated their way around him, until it was just the two of them left. A few silent seconds passed, where they seemed to observe one another. The gentle ripple of the water beyond the dock did well to calm Hux’s anger. “I doubt Rear Admiral Snoke went to such trouble providing you cover, just for you to blow it so easily.” Kylo Ren looked away at last, but not out of avoidance to the question. He simply seemed bored of Hux’s presence. “The other Ratings know I’m not one of them, I only joined their group today. Am I dismissed?” “Not remotely. I’m sure you believe yourself unstoppable with Snoke’s support on your side, but I should tell you that it will count for little over the next few months. You will be aboard my vessel, and you will adhere to my rules. I don’t care about what you’ve been assigned here to do, and I don’t want to hear about it,” Kylo turned his eyes to Hux once more, “My concern rests only with my own men and their work. You are an outsider, but still ruled by my regulation – is that clear?” Kylo blinked, and then smiled maliciously. “Of course.” “You’re dismissed.” He’d almost added ‘sailor’ onto the end of the command, but the suggestion of the word tasted bitter in his mouth. Kylo Ren eyed him for a moment longer, unnerving leer still lingering, before he turned and sauntered away. Hux allowed a small sigh to escape, the breath steaming briefly in the air. He suspected that the combination of anger and cold had turned him pink once more, but there was little enough that he could do about it other than finally boarding the Vindicate. He was the last to step into the boat, and so paused briefly in the entrance to let the warm air truly submerge him. The dock workers were completing final checks, closing hatches and removing the pipes and tubes that ran into the vessel. He left the hatch behind him open, but heard it clang shut after he’d turned a corner. There was a twenty-minute wait once Hux had joined his crew in the control room. Lieutenant Mitaka was busy with communications; keeping a line open with the control office on port. They would tell them when everything was set for them to make progress. The all clear was given, and the work began. An even allowance of water was let into the ballast tanks as the propellers came to life. There was the slightest feeling of movement, both forward and down, but so small that it was easy to dismiss. When the final permission was given Mitaka took control of the steering, guiding the vessel cautiously away from the side of the dock. It was slow work, which was why Hux was glad to delegate it to a Lieutenant. The Submarine couldn’t descend completely, not within the relatively shallow waters of Gare Loch. They travelled away from Faslane, tracked at all times by the control office back at port. Unhurried was the progression out of the Loch, but once they’d passed Rosneath they began to descend again. The slight change in buoyancy meant that sinking had no real bite. You might feel unsteady, perhaps, as the floor sloped gently underneath your feet, but the process was generally so slow that it was barely exciting. Once completely submerged, their only mission was to safely make it to open waters, which meant navigating the broken paths of Scotland’s western coast. Somewhere around the head of the Isle of Arran, Hux delegated complete control of the room to Mitaka, choosing to do the rounds and check in on the new crewmembers. They’d had a good hour to settle in at this point, and the remnants of the other crew’s lunch were being cleared away from the mess. Lunch for Hux’s Crew was approaching, but he wanted to do a once-over of the vessel before he even thought about eating. There was nothing truly to be cleaned at this early stage of deployment. Regardless, work had to be created where there was none, and discipline had to be consistent. Two of the new Ratings had been put to work cleaning the washrooms, both of them oddly satisfied with their assigned jobs. The enthusiasm of new recruits, Hux thought, was always bordering on endearing. The new Chef was also an American, and Hux had a momentary and panicked thought flit through his head; that perhaps he’d identified the wrong man as Ren – before he realised how ridiculous he was being. Ren had already come forward. He hadn’t seen him since their first unpleasant introduction, and that suited him just fine. He was beginning to hope, in fact, that their brief altercation had just been a fever dream on his part. The new Chef was also cheery, pleased to be aboard. He identified himself as Finn, which surely had to be a nickname, and revealed that he’d come over to the UK from the US as a child. The accent had proved difficult to shift, according to him. Hux found the remaining Ratings scattered across the Submarine, each put to work on different jobs as dictated by the inferior officers. In their off time, the Ratings were to work on filling in their progress books, as well as learn about the interior layout of a Submarine – identifying key areas and equipment. It was no light work, and it couldn’t be said that anyone aboard was slacking. Except one man, of course. Kylo Ren had commandeered the very top bed of one of the bunks in the Rating’s quarters. He was lying there upon Hux’s entrance, quite still, but unfortunately not dead. He’d thrown both arms over his face, and had one leg crossed over the other. He turned his head to look at the door upon hearing Hux enter, but resumed facing upwards once he realised who the intruder was. “I will not be sleeping here.” He said plainly. Hux did not deign to answer him. He found that the most provocative thing that could be done in conversation was to remain silent. Kylo seemed to know this too, and held the silence for as long at his apparently short attention span would allow. “I cannot share a room with the others. I require privacy.” “There’s privacy here, you have curtains across each bed.” “Complete privacy. I need quiet in order to meditate.” “We’ve had Buddhist Submariners before; you can always find quiet corners of the vessel. The medical room is open for your use if you need a separate room.” “Using the medical room as my accommodation will be acceptable.” Hux grit his teeth. “Nobody is allowed to use the medical room as accommodation. It’s against regulation.” “As am I. I’d suit the room perfectly.” The statement struck Hux almost as a joke, but Kylo Ren’s emotionless tone and expression spoke for itself. “There are other spare bunks besides this one,” Hux diverted, “You wouldn’t have a room alone, but you’d share it with significantly less people.” “Absolutely not.” “Then I’m afraid you’ll have to make do here.” And finally, finally, Kylo Ren looked angry. Hux was delighted. “This is ridiculous-“ “I quite agree.” Feeling very content with himself, Hux turned and exited the Ratings quarters, leaving Kylo Ren looking very sour indeed. Chapter 3 : The Shadow Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux didn’t see Kylo Ren for the remainder of the twelve-hour shift, which suited him just fine. He had continued his observations throughout the vessel, and had found everyone to be both cohesive and hard working. At any other time, this knowledge would cheer him, but the weight of Ren lingered in the back of his mind, dampening his mood. The final hour of the shift crept by at a maddening pace. Hux had already lost track of what time it was up there, above the surface, but it didn’t matter much when one was as tired as he was. The first few shifts were always weary to the system. When Phasma and her crew came to relieve duty, he could almost have kissed her. “Nothing to report,” Hux relayed to Phasma, trying desperately not to yawn. As he stood, she caught his arm, and looked shrewdly at Mitaka, who had turned already to leave. “Kylo Ren?” She murmured, eyes once more on Hux. “What of him?” “Well, anything I should know? Has he done something, said something?” She had released the grip on his arm now, perhaps realising how paranoid she appeared. “If he had, Lieutenant Commander, I would have briefed you on it.” Hux said, tartly. “As it is, I haven’t seen him since the beginning of my shift. If you’re concerned, I’d recommend checking on him in person – although be warned; he bites.” She huffed and nodded, then took her place in Hux’s chair. He took the shortest route he knew back to his quarters, determined to start on the mountain of paperwork that awaited him, as well as catch a few hours rest. The first week went by much the same as the first shift - although the separate days of this ‘week’ were very much indistinguishable. With no sunlight, no indication of the days passing, and little connection to the outside world, life quickly stretched into one very long day. The crew, at first, had treated Kylo Ren as a kind of urban myth. Whispers had started during the very first of Hux’s shifts; that there was a stranger onboard – an unqualified man who had somehow found his way onto the submarine. Someone had even reported to Phasma with the rumors, and she had said ‘I know’, probably whilst grinding her teeth. The man in question was rarely seen. He seemed to spend all of his time in the new Rating’s cabin, much to the horror of the young recruits. One boy had taken to sleeping in the games room, until Hux had put a stop to it. He’d found the same boy sleeping in the corner of the gym a few shifts later, and had given him a disciplinary. He had to admit, however, that he might have done the same as the boy had he been forced to share a room with Ren – who, according to some of the other Ratings, talked to himself under his breath, rarely slept, and rarely blinked when engaged in eye contact. It was undeniable that Kylo Ren had stirred up controversy on HMS Vindicate. Once the noise had spread that Commander Hux had indeed breached regulation, and had taken Ren onto the boat willingly, he found that the ‘cohesiveness’ demonstrated by the crew during his first shift was wavering. Now, eyes lingered on him a tad too long when he walked down corridors. Not angry eyes, or even mistrustful eyes, but eyes that saw him in a new, unforgiving light nonetheless. He knew, though he had been putting it off, that the issue of Ren would have to be addressed to the crew. Although there was no single space large enough for the hundred-and-thirty-two men onboard (or even just half of that), he hoped that delivering a short speech to a controlled group would result in the message being spread around the submarine organically. During one of his own shifts, he gathered together a group comprised of both his and Phasma’s crewmembers. Phasma herself was not present, but had given him her blessing, half-mockingly. They all met in the mess hall - the common room would have provided much more comfort, but would have packed a smaller crowd. The acoustics were better in the mess hall, as well. Once everyone had found their place on a bench, or leaning against a wall, he took his spot at the head of the room near the doorframe. Gradually, all eyes found him, both detached and curious alike. When he cleared his throat and coughed politely into the white silence, someone sniggered. “Kylo Ren,” He began, wanting it over and done with, “Is indeed unqualified, and aboard this vessel. His purposes for being here are his own, and have nothing to do with anyone else,” he grimaced, “including myself. Let’s each of us get on with our own work, and allow him to perform his.” “He doesn’t do an awful lot, though.” A new Rating said. He looked up at Hux from one of the foremost benches, wide-eyed, and Hux realised he was the boy who had been disciplined for sleeping outside of quarters. “If it’s true what everyone’s saying, that he don’t do nothing but sit in the bedroom praying, then why don’t he at least help with some work?” The chef, Carter, suggested. Hux had known that the announcement might lead to this, and had prepared a number of replies. “I’ll leave it to my officers to delegate any work they see fit to Ren. It’s not my job to issue out a toilet-cleaning rota, but I’m sure many of you would happily dole out some meager work.” There were a few grunts from the crews. Several of the men began to fidget or stand from their seats, obviously satisfied with Hux’s short address, and ready to get back to working or resting. Just looking around, the majority was evidently swayed, and no doubt those who weren’t would come to him personally anyway, so he decided to dismiss the group. It was not difficult to win over military men, especially as they had been conditioned to follow authority unquestioningly. Hux knew this firsthand. “Thank you, all, for your time. As you were, Crew 1 return to active duty, Crew 2, fall out.” He stepped to the side of the doorway, nodding at each man as he passed. Those who were working left quickly, and at the head of the group. Phasma’s crew trickled out afterwards. Hux remained in the mess room to talk to the Chefs, and see how their food stock was holding up. As he turned away from the remaining stream of departing men, however, his eyes were drawn to the far corner of the hall. There, Kylo Ren stood, dark and unmoving. It took a moment to register properly, for he had not seen any sign of Ren entering the mess hall, or having already been there upon his arrival. The rest of the men had gone, but two of the Chefs, Carter and Finn, were chatting casually at one of the tables. When they noticed that Hux was still present, they looked up at him, and then in turn towards where he was staring. This seemed to be the key to unlocking Ren, who, with all the room’s remaining attention focused on him, strode forward arrogantly until he was level with Hux. Finn nudged Carter with an elbow and stood, a silent indication that they should both most probably leave. Hux broke his eye contact with Ren to give the two men a small nod. They left, and the room was finally theirs. It was true, Hux thought; Kylo Ren really didn’t blink. This was the closest to the other man he’d ever been, and the first time they’d seen each other in at least a week. His eyes, he thought again, were frightening. He’d heard the old stereotype that criminals were more likely to have dark, soulless eyes, but this was beyond anything he’d ever expected a human to be capable of having. It was as though the pupil, as full of Ren’s arrogance as the man was himself, had swollen up to double, triple its size, and had absorbed whatever colour had resided there before. And there was something else in there, something teeming, that seemed almost to be alive, and he could- “Get away from me.” Ren said, sharply. It was only then that Hux realised how far forward he was leaning. He cleared his throat and stepped back. “I’m glad you heard that all, Ren,” he recovered easily, “It’ll come as less of a shock, now, when my men task you with a job. Although,” he looked him up and down and sneered, “I’m sure a day’s solid work would come as a shock to you anyway.” He had expected Ren to get angry, as he had done that day in the Rating quarters, but instead he was impassive, and as unblinking as ever. He sidestepped Hux, and made for the door, unhurried. Hux, unwillingly to let him go that easily, followed, and called down the corridor angrily. “I’m not finished speaking to you, Ren!” Kylo Ren had turned and looked at him again, and that had been enough. Unexpectedly shaken, Hux returned to duty and said not a word to Mitaka, or anyone else, of what had occurred. He had thought it in passing before, but it was completely clear to him now that there was something not quite right with Kylo Ren. It had nothing to do with his insolence, or his purposes for being aboard the Vindicate - it was something deeper than that. He had seen something when he’d looked that Ren’s eyes, something that - and Hux scoffed at his own dramatics – wasn’t entirely human. None of it could possibly make sense, and thus he forced it out of his mind. It succeeded for a few blissful days where, shift-on or shift-off regardless, he swamped himself with work. It was when he next saw the man that his frenzied mind began replaying every twitchy thought he’d discarded a few days prior. It was just a glimpse of long, dark hair disappearing around a corridor bend, but it was plenty to jumpstart his mania. Hux wasn’t proud to admit it, especially as he had other errands to attend, but the temptation to follow Kylo Ren was easy to submit to. He turned the corner, but Kylo Ren had disappeared down one of the three passages on offer. That was when Hux snapped out of it, bustling back to his business as though nothing had happened. Glimpses of Ren continued to haunt Hux whenever he walked alone in the corridors of the boat. By the time he’d decided to follow on each occasion, the trail had vanished. Hux wasn’t stupid, however. He knew, with a high probability of certainty, that he was being baited - drawn away by a man that had, until recently, hidden in his room for days as a time. As much as he chose to minimise his time in the corridors, he seemed to catch sight of Ren every other shift. He never walked as though he had a purpose, and that was threatening to Hux for some reason. It was as though he were circling an unknowing prey, waiting for the moment to pounce. Days wound on with little change of routine, although Kylo Ren was being as suspiciously active, and quiet, as ever. It was a surprise when, on a shift four weeks into deployment, something highly irregular happened. “Hold on – Hux – what’s that?” Mitaka asked. It was not often that his Lieutenant was confused and so Hux turned immediately, to see Mitaka pointing at the radar screen. In the days since leaving Scotland, they had not come across another vessel. The sea was a big place, it had to be said. And yet here was something, a dot that flashed silently on and off at the edge of their radar screen. It came no closer, and left only moments after it had been pointed to. “Perhaps a whale?” One of the other Lieutenants said, uncertainly. “Don’t be stupid, no whale is the size of a Submarine.” Hux bit back. He was unnerved. There should be no other registered vessels on this track, they had checked. He grabbed his logistics book regardless, and flipped to the chart map. “Relay this altercation back to Faslane. And stay on guard, it might come back.” But they saw no sign of the mysterious shape for the rest of the shift, and so Hux reluctantly handed over command to Phasma when the hour came. She alarmed Hux by not being all that concerned, and instead told him that he needed to relax and have a proper sleep for once. On his break, Hux dozed at the chair in his quarters and dreamt of a shadow following them, nine fathom deep in the murky blackness below. He continued to have bad dreams whenever he slept thereafter. More often than not, it was a simple dream of drowning – a common one in the Navy – or the general nightmares of falling or having teeth drop out. There were a few times where he dreamt some truly strange things. On one occasion, Kylo Ren stood over him with a knife that glinted red to reflect a hot, bloody sun that hung above both their heads. When Hux had tried to squirm away, Kylo had laughed and tugged at his own dark hair until his scalp melted away, and his father’s face was all that remained. He’d looked down at Hux and spat on him, and that was scarier than any dream of drowning or falling. He’d also dreamt of the shadow again – numerous times, in fact. He could never truly see it in his dreams, but he felt its weight, like lead around his neck, the knowledge that some great presence was stalking him. When he woke from these dreams, he liked to rationalise them by personifying the shadow as Kylo Ren, whose presence had certainly weighed like lead upon him for the past few weeks. As much as he tried to laugh the nightmares off in this way, they were unusual in the sense that it never felt as though he had awoken from them. Whether he was eating in the mess hall, or steering the boat, or observing the new Ratings, he always felt as though he was being watched. It was made worse by the fact that the Submarine made him feel encased and trapped, and altogether too aware of how he couldn’t simply run away from the black shade that was haunting his thoughts. A few times he had consider changing course to shake the feeling, but he had always almost immediately abandoned such a silly thought. Once, though, he had told Phasma of his dreams. She had returned to her quarters, directly next to his, to retrieve some paperwork presumably, and had heard Hux shout out briefly. When she’d entered his room, she found him lying on his bed, deathly pale, and sweating enough to soak the sheets through. She had shaken him awake, and he had darted upright as though burned by something. When she’d asked, he’d told. And now on shift handovers, or whenever they came into contact with one another, she always looked at him critically, as though he were a particularly difficult crossword puzzle. “You know,” She said, catching him by the doorway on one such occasion, “You’re driving yourself mad with thoughts about him.” “About who?” He asked, genuinely confused, and slightly foggy for need of sleep. “Ren. You’re obsessing over him. He’s been aboard for almost six weeks now, and he’s done nothing. I don’t like him, and I don’t like that he’s here, but we’ll soon be shot of him anyway. You need to ignore him.” “I can’t.” His eyes darted above, to the side, anywhere but at her. He didn’t need to be coddled, and she was acting like a bloody mother hen, “I should never have let him onboard. It’s…weighing on my conscience - it’s been weighing on my conscience since we left Faslane.” He swallowed and tried to stand up straighter. Was he imagining it, or was he sweating again? Phasma smiled briefly, and then looked serious once more, “Look, I don’t know why you’ve been so high-strung lately, but I reckon you just need a bit of air. A reminder that the sky exists and all that. In fact, we all do. We all need a bit of sun, it’s like a submarine run by ghosts down here at the moment.” She was waiting for him to speak, but he found that he couldn’t, so he nodded silently to satisfy her. Again, she smiled, and he found himself shocked that he wanted to do so in return. Not because they had joked about something maliciously together, but because she had smiled at him and it had been friendly and unthreatening. “You need some rest first, though. Next shift changeover, how about that? I’m serious, though, get some genuine sleep.” Although he was afraid to sleep, he did so anyway, and woke three hours before his shift began, visions of dark figures imprinted in his mind. Phasma made a brief announcement through the Vindicate’s intercom, which crackled with static despite the high quality of the rest of their technology. Upon hearing that they were going up for the first time in over a month, the men were understandably happy. At changeover time, Hux met Phasma at the steering desk and pretended to be well rested. She seemed relatively fooled, and said nothing of how heavy his eyelids must have looked. “Going up.” She announced to no one in particular, and began to drain the ballast tanks so that the submarine could rise to the surface smoothly. Hux was unsure whether they were still at the same depth as they had been during his last shift, but it didn’t take long at all for the boat to reach the surface of the water. They knew they had reached the top not because of any highly developed technology, but because the boat bobbed ever so slightly in the waves of the north Atlantic. It was a welcome change to the controlled stillness of the water a few hundred feet below, and was certainly worth the slight-queasiness that Hux always had the misfortune to experience. With the help of Mitaka and the other Lieutenants, the Vindicate stabilised just above the surface, moving forward at the slowest possible speed. “Shall we observe conditions?” Phasma asked, but didn’t wait for an answer, instead making straight for the ladder to the funnel entrance. In his haste to see something other than painted metal and blue linoleum floors, he almost forgot his PPE – a small harness that attached around the waist and legs – remembering it after he’d climbed a few rungs of the ladder. Phasma, her harness already on, reached the top of the ladder and hooked herself onto the top rung as a safety precaution. As Hux waited below, attached to his own rung, Phasma entered the hatch code, and began to turn the heavy wheel that unlocked the main frame. She pushed it upwards with strength that must have come from her eagerness to be outside, and they were both hit by a blast of icy air. He was wearing just a thin t-shirt – regulations stated that formal wear was unnecessary while working aboard a deployed Submarine – and yet the last thing he wanted to do was to shy away from the cold. Phasma had lifted herself out of the hatch, and the faint ‘clink’ of metal on metal told him that she had attached herself to one of the railings on the top of the funnel. It was a small place to stand, barely two meters by two meters, and yet this didn’t matter when the whole ocean was underfoot. “Water, water, every where.” Phasma recited to the air. The sea was silent. It felt as though they were the first to intrude here, as though they alone were the conquerors of this cube of water, and perhaps it was true. The water that was here now would move along with them, and new water would roll in behind. This hypothetical square would become somewhere brand new that had never been the same before, and would never be so again. A breeze pleasantly tickled the shirt against his neck. How he could ever have thought it ‘icy’ was beyond him. “You must be freezing.” Phasma observed, although she wasn’t looking his way. Her thin hair whipped against her face as she stared off at the horizon. “On the contrary, this is the warmest I’ve felt in days!” Hux raised his voice over the wind, which had whistled particularly loudly, and Phasma laughed. “Let’s go back down and allow the others up, we’ll have time later.” She said, and they made their way back down into the funnel, shutting the hatch behind them. Group by group, the Lieutenants went up, and then nearly all of the rest of the men. Some didn’t wish to go outside, but those that did were given their ten-minute allocation. It was cramped, but six men at a time could safely fit up there. Sometimes, although rare, conditions were good enough to raise the Submarine higher above the surface of the water, and the crew would climb down the ladder on the outside of the funnel to take break on the top of the boat. The weather had been fine when Hux and Phasma had gone out initially, but as each group of men went up and came back down again, they spoke of a developing storm. It was typical that they had only surfaced for a few hours, and yet had already attracted the rain. Hux had quite forgotten about Kylo Ren, distracted by his improved spirits. It was Phasma who mentioned it again, turning to face him in the communications room. “Ren hasn’t gone up yet.” “Why should he?” Hux replied stiffly, “I haven’t seen or heard from him.” And Phasma had the sense not to debate the issue, at least until Mitaka came to them a few minutes later, looking anxious. “Commander Hux, Kylo Ren has ascended the funnel without direct permission.” Phasma gave him a look. Hux turned in his chair, stood, and marched out of the room, Mitaka jogging alongside to keep up. “Is anyone else up there?” Hux snarled. It was not something to be taken lightly, not even for a legitimate crewmember. Standing at the top of the funnel in a storm, especially when unaware of safety precautions, wasn’t without its risks. “One of the Lieutenants and I followed him up there and tried to order him back down but-“ “But what? You outrank a civilian, surely? Are you sure you tried commanding him, or did you just ask politely?” Releasing his anger, even on the relatively innocent Mitaka, felt better than it should have. “Well, uh-“ But Mitaka was at a loss for words, red and shamefaced. It was lucky for him, Hux thought, that they had reached the funnel base; otherwise Lieutenant Mitaka would’ve been the recipient of a few more harsh words. There was a sick sense of enjoyment swooping low in Hux’s stomach, now, and a triumphant little voice in his head that sounded pleased. Ren could not disappear down another corridor, could not outmaneuver Hux at the top of a funnel – not unless he was a good swimmer. Taking a harness from a hook, he took the rungs at speed. The hatch was still open, and upon emerging he immediately clocked the figure of Kylo Ren, who was leaning against a railing with the ease of someone who wasn’t currently standing in gale-force winds. It was only due to Hux’s quick reactions that he clipped his harness onto the railing in time, clutching the strip of material in around his waist as though it were a lifeline. “I’ve decided to befriend you.” Ren said, still facing away, his voice perfectly audible despite the harsh screech of the wind. Anything Hux could have said would’ve been lost in the noise, and so it was just as well that he didn’t have any response to the statement. Ren turned, black hair – longer than Phasma’s – whipping around his head like black fire. “This is not really the time,” Hux shouted when he found his tongue, “nor the place!” Kylo blinked, and then looked at the monstrous, ashy cloud above them, as though he hadn’t realised that it was there until this moment. “Did you really lure me up here to tell me this?” Hux was sure that Kylo, like some of the men below, was one of the rare types of man who could go for weeks or even months without an urge to see the outside. It made sense, then, that he had only climbed the funnel to either annoy Hux or to bring him out into a precarious situation. Hux clutched the harness around his waist a little bit tighter. Ren looked at him with dark eyes that made the cloud above look like cotton wool. “Yes. Okay. Let’s get down.” He unclipped his own harness, and dropped himself easily into the hatch, as Hux watched, mouth agape. A particularly brutal thrust of wind rocked the boat, and Hux decided that it was certainly time to follow. He secured the hatch behind him properly, code and all, because the Submarine would need to be submerged again in a storm as bad at this. He stepped off the base of the ladder, and there was Kylo, haired mussed but no less threatening for it. “What the fuck are you playing at,” Hux stated calmly. He had travelled beyond rage, and only wanted answers. Kylo Ren smiled, but it was not his normal cruel smile. Neither was it friendly, like Phasma’s. It resembled Hux’s mother’s version of smiling – all teeth but nothing genuine in the eyes. It was the smile of someone who had the intention of appearing pleasant, but had not yet mastered the art of expressing emotion. “There are no games being played here, Commander. I mean what I say.” Somehow, Ren was even more menacing up close and smiling than he had been lurking at the edge of a room in the shadows. “Get away from me,” Hux said evenly, placing his harness back onto its hook before leaving for the control room. He didn’t look back at Ren, and Ren did not follow. When Hux slept again a few hours later, the shadow that lurked beneath them in his dreams had transformed into a large, murky cloud, which watched the tiny metal submarine like a great black eye. Notes: Apologies for any typos I may have missed. I have no beta and I must scream. Chapter 4 : The Green Light Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Now their course was bound towards the Americas, and within a week or so they had travelled through the mid-Atlantic and had come out the other side, straddling the coast of Canada. To Hux’s horror, Kylo Ren seemed to have taken his own proclamation of ‘friendship’ to heart. It was no longer uncommon to see him stalking a corridor, or haunting a communal room. He was silent for the most part, but that was simply his nature. Ren was not clinging to Hux – they had not spoken, in fact, since the storm. As Hux’s dreams had worn progressively worse, he was quite thankful for the lack of conversation. They were around ninety miles from the shores of Nova Scotia when Phasma suggested that they rise to the surface once more. It was already planned that they dock in America to replenish food, but Hux thought that there could be nothing wrong in taking another break above the water – especially as the last had ended so dismally. “Let’s bring her up, then,” Phasma murmured, as they sat side-by-side in the control room. Mitaka had already begun to stand eagerly, evidently ready to taste fresh air once more. It had become stiflingly hot onboard the submarine which, although not unheard of, was still an annoyance. The only relatively cool place was in the small gaps between the torpedoes. New Ratings were often bullied into sleeping in such places - as a ‘character-building exercise’ - but in the recent swelter the weaponry room had become contested territory. What Hux wouldn’t do to be able to open a window. He’d taken as many cold showers as he could, even though they offered little relief. The water flow was feeble, and sputtered constantly. It was typical that the Royal Navy could build a top of the range nuclear submarine, and yet not a half-decent showering system. The HMS Vindicate rose slowly to the surface, and once the funnel had cleared the line of the water; Hux opened the hatch to check conditions. They couldn’t have asked for a better day. The water was calm, the sky clear and cloudless. Although it was warm, a slight breeze took away the edge. After days of clammy heat inside the submarine, it was a relief. “Good conditions.” He called down into the funnel, and Phasma called back, “excellent.” He closed the hatch and descended. “Good enough conditions for deck, I think.” He relayed. They could risk it this close to the coast, and there were no projected storms in this area regardless. Then again, on the previous occasion, the weather had seemingly appeared out of nowhere. “Brilliant.” She said, and she looked like she meant it. Her eyes were bright, wrinkled at the corners. They made an announcement over the system, and although they were in the control room, Hux swore that he could hear their excited conversations from a distance. More air into the ballast tanks, and they climbed to the highest depth that they safely could reach. Then the fun began. One by one, men climbed the funnel ladder, out through the hatch. They took a breath or two of salty air, and then clambered down the ladder on the outside of the funnel. They sat, or stood, or lay on the flat top of the submarine, embracing the pale sunlight. There wasn’t enough room for everyone together, obviously, and so each group of forty-odd switched every hour or so. They struck out there well past lunch, and all five chefs worked overtime to cook enough for the whole crew. As Hux ate his curry out of a mess tin, looking down on the world from the top of the funnel, he realised that he could live no other life but this. It was a glorious moment. Kylo Ren stepped up beside him, eyes fixed on some patch of water in the distance. Hux, feeling uneasy, as was normal in Ren’s presence these days, said nothing. There was a stretch of silence between them, permeated only by the relaxed chatter of the men below them, and the gentle ‘whoosh’ of waves rolling against the side of the boat. He wasn’t sure whether Ren was lost for words, or whether he was attempting to be intimidating, but he found that he didn’t quite care either way. Hux scraped up the last of the rice in his mess tin and ate it, wiping at his mouth with the back of his hand. When he leant against the railings, Ren mirrored him, and he felt the odd urge to laugh. At a glace out of the corner of his eye, he was quite impassive. There was a slight upturn at the corner of his mouth, as though he had eaten something especially bitter, but beyond this there was no indication of what he could be thinking. Hux moved to take his tin back to the mess, but before he’d even taken both arms off of the rail, Ren spoke. “I meant what I said.” He addressed the air in front of him. Hux waited for a moment to see if anything further was coming, but clearly Ren was being as infuriatingly evasive as usual. “I’m sure you did,” and now he turned, completely intending to leave the scene as quickly as possible. “We can be useful to each other.” Ren said, emotionlessly. For some reason, this riled Hux up. He was not at all well versed or experienced in the subject of ‘friendship’, if that was what Ren would call it, but he was sure that their individual definitions were violently different. Now he turned around, his back facing the hatch once more, and found that Ren had turned to face him also. “You seem to believe that normal human relationships are built on usefulness alone, which ultimately explains why you seem to have no functioning social skills.” A gull squawked above them, Hux liked to think that it was laughing with him. “We’re similar, you and I,” Ren plowed onwards as though he had not heard Hux’s barb, “We can offer each other many things.” “There was a point where I found your vagueness to be hilariously dramatic. Now I just find it infuriating.” “How much longer to you intend to be a Navy man, Commander?” Ren asked, tilting his head slightly to one side like a curious animal, “Surely not for ever? Work and climb the ladder, retire to a pension and die? It doesn’t seem big enough for you. You’re an ambitious man, I can tell.” It was the most he’d ever said in Hux’s company, and this took him so aback that he allowed the other man to barrel onward. “What is your purpose, Commander? Do you tell yourself that you’re a good employee? That serving the regulations makes you a loyal little sailor?” He leered, his eyes bright and humourless, “Such a good boy, and yet you allowed someone like me aboard your little boat. Tell me Commander, should you be serving your superiors, or your country?” “I’ve never claimed to have morals.” “That’s not what I said. I already know you have no morals. Ambition, however, you have plenty.” “I fail to see what you’re alluding to.” Hux said hardly. He had a nagging feeling that something here was not quite right, that Ren was bordering on traitorous talk. If that were so, he wanted no part. “I see the way you act, you don’t see yourself as a military man. You see yourself as a man with a lot of power, who has possession of a set of codes to a safe with a red button in it. You wouldn’t mind using that button would you, Commander?” “I’m warning you to stop, Ren-“ “You think that babysitting weaponry is pointless. You’d prefer to use it outright. What is your impact on the world otherwise?” Hux gaped, opening and closing his mouth like a fish before snapping it shut completely. He felt himself turn pale, so much so that it almost felt as though the vivid red of his hair was being sucked up from the root. He’d stand here gaping until his hair was white as a cloud. “How dare you,” He croaked, and cleared his throat, “How dare you provoke me like this. You’re saying dangerous things.” “I’m not provoking you, Hux.” Ren’s eyes glittered, but they were not malicious. They seemed to look past him and into some hopeful future that Hux couldn’t see. “I’m offering you an escape. We’re so alike, how could I not offer you a chance.” “A chance at what?” Hux asked, unconsciously stepping back and almost stumbling. Ren frowned and moved his right arm out to steady him, but seemed to realised midway through the motion that it was unwanted. “A new future for yourself.” And this seemed to be it. Ren left his sentence hanging, tantalising, above Hux. Promising so much, but telling him so little. Hux’s eyes redirected onto the glorious setting that he had been admiring up until a few moments ago, and it seemed to draw him back away from the temptation that Ren had offered him. He recognised, however, that he was still in a dangerous place, and so without a further word between them, he lowered himself back down the ladder of the funnel. Afraid of looking up and seeing Ren staring down at him, he kept his own eyes on his feet. It made him slightly dizzy to look straight down, but it was far preferable to what remained above. He returned his things to the mess in a slight daze, trying very much not to think too deeply on things. Never before had he been read so clearly by someone. Not even by Phasma, and she had known him longer than anyone besides his mother. How was it that a complete stranger, upon knowing him for a sparse few weeks, could seemingly pick things out of his brain like that? So easily, as though reading a script. He had thought of Ren’s insinuations before, but had attempted to bury them deep, away from his consciousness. To hear them said aloud was jarring. Hux found himself back at his personal quarters, and it was almost natural for him to go straight inside to the fold-down bookshelf, and fish the small paper file from between the two heavy books. He had not laid eyes on it since that first day, but he looked at it now as if expecting it to explain something new to him. As if staring hard enough at the blank space where the text ended would somehow force a new sentence to appear. He sat down heavily on the bed, and it groaned slightly. It was a welcome change of noise to the otherwise silent atmosphere of a submarine, and Hux wished he had the energy and youthful carelessness to jump up and down on it with abandon, and make more noise. He read the words of the file over and over, trying to decipher a code, to try and figure out exactly who Ren was. Naturally, there was nothing new to be interpreted. Hux had successfully, since the beginning of the deployment, pushed the idea of traitorous behaviour to the back of his mind. He had reasoned with doubts of Snoke and Ren in his head, and had decided to turn away – much like he’d turned away his own violent, ambitious thoughts years ago. He jolted upright with a sudden electric fear, which shot straight up and back down his spine. There was something wrong. None of his normal senses indicated that this thought was true, but there was a deeper aspect in him - screaming that there was danger around. The air felt as though it had tightened. The rational voice in his head, probably his father’s, pointed out that it could easily be another flash storm, sucking the atmosphere out of the opened hatch of the submarine – but for an improvable reason, Hux knew this to be false hope. He became aware of himself again, standing in his quarters with a body jittering with energy, fingers still clutching useless paper. Tossing the file aside, he grabbed for the door handle, and once past the frame, made a mad dash to where he felt a pull. Give him a map of the vessel, and Hux still couldn’t have pointed out where he was headed. His feet were simply drawn in a direction, and he was convinced that should they direct him toward a wall, he would probably run straight through it. The operation room was quiet from the outside. Of course submarines were always quiet, but this was an unnatural kind of quiet. Not as though the sound had been sucked away by something, but as though all possibility of sound existing had been removed. When he pushed open the door, he saw what he had expected to see. Kylo Ren, seated at the control panel, heavily invested in doing something, and looking like he understood what that something was. On the floor were two of his Lieutenants, including Mitaka, both unconscious and sporting what looked like a necklace of red marks around their throats. Perhaps he should be shocked. He should have a reaction beyond just standing there looking, but in truth this had not been covered in training, and he was fresh out of situational judgment. “You still won’t join me. It’s a shame.” Ren said, not turning from the radar screen, which showed several red dots, presumably other vessels, “You’re an intelligent man. We could have used you.” He was flipping a few switches with purpose. “How do you intend to take on a hundred and thirty men?” Hux asked, his voice returning back from nowhere. Ren turned, stared at him with those eyes, and then looked to the crumpled figures on the floor. He turned his eyes back to Hux and then, point made, returned back to his work. “When you say ‘we’, you mean you and Snoke, yes?” Hux prompted, beginning to edge along the side of the room. Some inspiration had nudged its way into his head. Luckily, Ren seemed far too preoccupied to notice Hux moving beyond the boundaries of the door. “There’s more to it, but yes, me and Snoke mostly.” He said this with such an air of childish arrogance that Hux almost let out of breath of laughter. He had reached the emergency system alert now, something to be used in situations where the commanding crew was in danger. He pressed it once, and then a second time for good measure. It sent out a silent alarm that would flash green lights throughout the rest of the submarine. He simply had to hope that Phasma was not still outside. “What are you trying to achieve? Is this a … suicide mission?” “Snoke has more important things for me.” Ren replied simply. “You need the boat but not the people.” “Exactly.” “So what’s to become of us?” Hux asked carefully. Ren huffed a bitter laugh, but said nothing. He pressed a final button that didn’t seem to do anything, but Hux knew that this likely did not mean that no damage had truly been inflicted. On the radar screen, the red dots – six of them, he saw – had moved closer. And were now flanking them, three a side. Now, Kylo Ren stood and turned, eyes dark and serious, focused on Hux. As he strode over, Hux felt the need to shrink away, but decided that, were this the moment he died, he didn’t want to do so with the shame of cowering away from a boy. He came right up into Hux’s space, raising a hand and clasping his jaw firmly. “You could still join me.” He said quietly, squeezing just a bit harder so that Hux’s jaw began to ache at the joint. Somehow, though in a vice-like grip, he managed to shake his head in both refusal and disgust. Something flickered in Ren’s face, and he opened his mouth as if to speak, but at that moment the door burst inwards. Phasma and eight other crewmembers, most being officers, paused only momentarily to take in the scene, and then rushed forward. Hux had a moment of relief, just enough to think ‘I’m saved’, before chaos broke loose. Ren, left hand still firmly gripping Hux’s chin, waved his right at the group, and they flew backwards. It was a trick of the light, surely. Or perhaps Ren had gripped him so hard that he was beginning to hallucinate. Perhaps this was one of his nightmares, becoming all the more vivid. It could easily have been his mind playing tricks, for Phasma and some of the men, were on their feet once more. They looked equally as surprised as Hux felt, but there was little time for questions. Ren, with his palm splayed outwards, directed it towards Phasma and clenched it quickly into a tight fist. She dropped instantly, and didn’t get up again. At the three other men who had gotten back up, he swiped at the air, as though brushing an object aside. They catapulted into the hard metal of the wall; making a painful ‘booming’ sound and leaving pronounced dents. Hux had never believed in magic, not even as a child. He was logical; he liked things with reason and explanation. He was not inclined to believe something without solid evidence, and yet here was evidence of something that he could never have possibly imagined existing. When Kylo Ren turned back to him, Hux finally realised just how precarious a situation this was. A nuclear weapon in the hands of someone like this – someone like Snoke? It couldn’t happen. Luckily, Kylo Ren had not attended Royal Navy basic training, where close combat was taught as a skill. Before Ren had the chance to do anything, Hux ripped his head backwards out of the grip, and swung it back forwards with power. It hurt him too, but not as much as it evidentially hurt Ren, who dropped to the floor with a snarl. Warmth trickled from his nose and onto his top lip where it tainted his taste buds with metal. He dashed back to the control panel, praying in part that Ren hadn’t disabled anything vital for what he was about to do. A glass case that protected a switch cracked under his hand, and he managed to flip it to sound the emergency evacuation alarm. Ren growled from behind, but by the sound of his unsteady fumbling, it seemed that he was having trouble regaining balance. Hux knew what to do. He had never dreamt that such a day would come, but he supposed he had been training for its inevitability for a long time. There was a key that, once placed into the keyhole of the control panel, would allow the user to disable the nuclear core of the sub. Without the core, obviously the submarine would lose power and begin to fall into an uncontrolled sink, but if it meant that Ren were unable to use the HMS Vindicate for whatever he and Snoke needed it for, Hux was more than happy to use drastic methods. The key, luckily, was in his possession at all times. Not in his pocket or on a key ring, obviously, but around his neck on a small silver chain. He yanked it off of his neck, at the same time flicking what other switches he could to make the death of the submarine a little easier. He moved quickly, aware that Ren was growing more vocal at the second – which usually meant that someone’s head injuries were unfortunately recovering. He thrust the key into the hole, mashed his code into the lock combination, and rotated the key to the side whilst pressing the grey button above it. Instantly, the lights died out. Three seconds later, the rescue lights flickered on, swamping the room with damp blue light that made Ren appear as a shadowy figure rising from the sea-like floor. He lunged at Hux, pulling him to the ground, grabbing him by the throat and throttling him, which Hux supposed was a testament to the bond they’d built, if Ren were willing to do the deed physically and without magic powers- “’The force’,” Ren rasped through gritted teeth, and now Hux could genuinely feel the other man inside his mind, spreading through his head like a heavy poison. It was real. It made his eyes roll backwards, and his head drop to the floor with a crack. At each breath, his chest seemed to be constricting tighter and tighter, there were spots of black peppering his vision. Still, he lashed out, even if just for the sake of saying he had done so. Ren was surprisingly strong, something which his lanky frame did not give credit to. Hux was no bodybuilder, but he had a fair lining of muscle on him, and yet he couldn’t get Ren’s grip to budge at all. He would’ve been in trouble, then, if Phasma hadn’t have regained her consciousness. Silent, without so much as a grunt, she encircled Ren’s neck with her arms and tugged back, once, sharply, from Hux. At that moment the floor gave a jerk, and began to fall away from beneath their feet. It slanted to one side ever so slowly, and it seemed to unbalance Phasma, who fell to the side and brought Ren with her. Hux was up like a shot, brushing himself down, legs slightly wobbly. He left the other two to grapple with one another, trusting in Phasma’s strength to win over. Mitaka laid crumpled, limbs entangled around the feet of a chair. He was listing slightly to the right with the floor of the sub, and so Hux rolled him over to survey the damage. A hand thrust underneath the shirt found his heart still beating, so Hux reached over to the other Lieutenant – who he found in similar circumstances. “Phasma,“ his voice scratched out, “help.” He was attempting to lift the dead weight of Mitaka over one shoulder. It was possible that the escape chambers could be of use, but having sounded the emergency alarms a few minutes ago, he was sure that both had already been ejected. The only way out would be the funnel – provided it still lay above the surface of the water. It was a game of time. Back onto his feet, and with Mitaka’s arm slung over his shoulder, he began to stagger towards the door. A sound like a clap of thunder came from his right side, making him deaf in one ear for a moment, and when he turned his head to look past Mitaka’s form, he saw Phasma half slumped at the base of the wall, blood on her face, looking stunned. She pulled herself back up to continue the fight, but Ren pushed past them both and was gone. “Stop him,” Phasma said whilst slipping back down the wall, giving a valiant effort to find purchase with her feet. It was more difficult now, with the floor angled steeper. “Leave him, let’s get out first,” He found himself unreasonably calm. ‘Probably the shock,’ a little voice came from inside his head, and he nodded in agreement with it. Offering a hand to Phasma, he pulled her up before readjusting his grip on Mitaka and continuing out of the door. They struggled down the corridor together, Hux carrying Mitaka, and Phasma supporting the second Lieutenant – who had woken up. It was frantic, blunt fingernails trying to catch onto smooth metal walls in order to pull themselves along. The battle was uphill, now, the slant of the submarine almost too much to climb. He found himself realising that he might die here. Even when Ren had choked him, he hadn’t quite accepted the fact that his life could end right there, but now- “Quick, quick,” Phasma moaned. They had almost reached the base of the funnel. There were lifejackets hanging out of an opened cupboard, and so Hux grabbed an armful, slinging one haphazardly onto Mitaka. Thankfully, the lean of the submarine meant that the rungs of the ladder became footholds on their mountain. It sped up the escape significantly. Hux had bent his head forward, unwilling to look towards the light that he knew was waiting for them. He didn’t want to test his luck - see the sky for a slight moment before being washed back down by a river of water. The luck stayed with them. The edge of the hatch cut into his fingers as he squeezed it, pulling himself up the final few inches. The surface of the water was just two meters below, and becoming closer by the second. He slid Mitaka over into it the water first, deploying his lifejacket as he did so, and then followed. The water was like ice; it rubbed his bare skin raw. He fought to get back to the surface. When the air hit his face, it made the ocean seem warm in comparison. Yanking on the cord of his own vest, Hux pivoted himself around clumsily. The top of the funnel was kissing the water now, waves lapping gently against the black metal. Phasma and the Lieutenant bobbed back up from underneath the water, immediately swimming away from the HMS Vindicate and towards Hux. He also began to subconsciously move away, dragging Mitaka along with him. As soon as the water brushed the edge of the hatch opening, it began to pour inwards violently. They could hear the echoes of it smashing against the floor inside. How many people had escaped? No more would do so now. He’d seen enough. He turned his back to it and began to swim away whilst pulling the other man as he went. Ahead was a good collection of men who’d escaped, scattered amongst the waves. Most had their lifejackets on, but some did not. There were a few who looked unconscious. One man, nearby, was facedown in the water, floating there limply. “What now?” He asked himself aloud. “Now,” Phasma said thickly, around what looked like a broken nose, “We wait for help. We sent out an SOS call.” “There were other boats on the radar,” Hux recalled, and looked about as if to search for them. But the sea was empty, save for a few men in orange rubber vests, littering its surface. “Gone.” She said. He’d have liked to count the number of men, those who had escaped. But it seemed that some had been pulled off into different currents. The four of them, Mitaka being held by Hux, scrabbled at each other’s vests, fingers slippery and numb with cold. Their legs had become non-existent, all sensation deadened by the freezing water. Gradually more men drifted away, until they four were all that remained. All alone in the wide, wide sea. Notes: Apologies for the slow updates. I've started a new job, and it's really eating up my time! I actually finished writing this chapter in my car, parked up on a random street. :-)