Shake Dreams From Your Hair In an apartment in one of the best buildings in the highest levels of Coruscant, Rey was cocooned in thick blankets on a soft bed. Stars twinkled in the night sky beyond the broad picture window and all was well. All was well, except that she could not sleep. Insomnia of the sharpest sort had her in its grip: she was exhausted but slumber was tantalisingly just out of reach. It was so close she could almost feel it in a physical form, just an inch too far away. It was all his fault. After so long quiet, their battle-forged Force bond had roared back to life in an especially excruciating way. Ben Solo, she now knew, was on Hapes in the Inner Rim. When his end of the Bond opened up, he had been on a date that was proceeding very nicely. Whether he knew the Bond was active or not, Rey didn’t know, for she’d mentally rejected it and slammed her extra mind shields down instantly. Perhaps he didn’t know. If he did, he was even crueller than she thought. What half-decent person would force their ex-wife to witness them taking someone else to bed? Not even just witness, but feel ? It was the kind of cruelty she would’ve expected of Kylo Ren, and she knew better than anyone that the difference between Ren and Ben was a matter more of perspective than formal differentiation. Three standard hours later and he had long since fallen into a deep sleep of a sort she recalled very well. How dare he sleep when she could not? It was perhaps a little spiteful but Rey was too weary to care: she let her own barriers down just enough to send a stab of anger his way. From across light years, she felt him startle awake and almost smack his companion as he jolted up. ‘Rey?’ He was bewildered and even a little embarrassed. She reinstated her mental walls instantly and fell asleep with a frisson of victory in her head. * Rey’s first stop the next morning was the shell of the ruined Jedi Temple where she found Luke Skywalker up to his knees in the fragments of the once-impressive archives. He had focused his attention after the war ended on tracking down what information had survived both the Empire and the First Order. He had not bothered too much with the building itself, so he occupied two small rooms and otherwise let the temple crumble. She found him in his work room, surrounded by holochrons. Like a good Jedi, he had few possessions and the room was sparsely furnished. His one concession to comfort was a comfortable armchair, in which he now sat. ‘The Bond opened last night.’ Luke instantly focused on her. ‘Oh, Rey. Do you know what triggered it? Did you? Did he?’ ‘Not me!’ she snapped, faintly irritated but not surprised that Luke cared more about the functions of the Bond than how she might feel. ‘Was he in distress?’ ‘Not distress, no. He was… with someone.’ ‘That… can’t have been nice.’ ‘It wasn’t.’ ‘You know, I’m really not-‘ ‘I’m not here for relationship advice. Master Luke, I want this thing out of my head. Or turned off. I don’t care. Just… I need it gone.’ Luke stared up at her, considering her, evaluating her, communing with the Force in his own way. He made no attempt to go near her mind, because he knew better. She scowled back, refusing to budge. He summoned a holochron, which rose up from the stacks and hovered towards her. ‘We’ve spoken of this before. It’s a serious matter, with profound consequences. Bonds like yours can’t just be broken, not without the death of one, which usually leads swiftly to the death of the other. It- To consciously, willingly break the Bond is to reject and tear down the Force itself. You would leave a gaping wound within the Force. When… what happened… you agreed, both of you, to close the conscious link. That has worked for a long time-‘ ‘An agreement he broke!’ ‘Did he know?’ ‘I don’t know and I don’t care!’ ‘You’re Jedi, Rey-‘ ‘Not really.’ ‘You’re Jedi, Rey. You know how easy it is to lose control during times of heightened stress or emotion.’ ‘Are you saying,’ Rey began quietly, ‘that he is in love with whoever she is?’ ‘Not necessarily-‘ ‘Because you and I know he’s seen plenty of women since… people love to come up to me and tell me when he’s been on the Holonet. They love to be the one to tell me. They couch it in concern, but it’s just mean, and then they point out that they never trusted Kylo Ren and they’re sure I regret it now and people don’t really truly change, and gosh, he does get around! Did you know that? People love to do that. Strangers. People I thought were friends.’ ‘I’m sorry, Rey.’ ‘So am I. I wish… Sometimes I even wish I’d never left Jakku.’ ‘You don’t mean that.’ ‘No, of course I don’t! But why him ? Why me ? And then… why would it be wrenched away from me? Am I not deserving of happiness, Master Luke?’ ‘You deserve it more than anyone I know.’ ‘So then, why ? Why did I have to be the that stupid wannabe Sith fixated on? Why did I get Bonded to the patricidal maniac with a penchant for temper tantrums and a superiority complex so huge it has its own star system, and which is dwarfed only by his inferiority complex?’ She rose to her feet at some point during this unexpected speech, the better to pace her energy away. ‘I nursed Ben through his recovery. I was there for the constant nightmares. The court cases, the vitriol of, oh, just about everyone! I stood with him and helped him persuade the galaxy he could be trusted; all while being called his whore! I convinced the Risen Senate that he was a hero! That he should be allowed to walk free and not just get spaced! Or executed in public. I was there, Luke. Me! And as soon as all was well, I got left behind. Again!’ ‘Breathe, padawan.’ ‘I’m not your padawan! And that’s because of him too! It’s all because of Kylo kriffing Ren and I’m so, so tired of it. I want the Bond gone!’ She was shaking now. ‘Meditate with me.’ She complied, not least because she could feel tendrils of Dark energy creeping into her mind. Sat on the floor of Luke’s work room, she felt the Force around her cooling and calming as she breathed. She drew on the light side of the Force until it enveloped her in goodness, warmth and reassurance. When she opened her eyes, Luke was waiting with the holochron. ‘I truly am sorry. I believed… I thought all would be well.’ ‘I think this is for the best.’ ‘Destroying a Force Bond is never for the best. It will diminish you , Rey. I cannot help you do that. But I could talk to Ben-‘ ‘No!’ ‘Just to check in. I can ask how he’s feeling.’ ‘It’s Ben . He’ll see through any scheme. If you speak to him, at least speak truth. I should go and leave you to your work.’ Luke helped her to her feet. ‘You may not be my padawan, but if you want to help me?’ ‘Help you sift through the mess of holochrons? Sure.’ * Rey emerged from the temple hours later, her brain weary but light and nearly-happy. She had retained a little regret at leaving the Jedi path. It would never have worked – blaming Ben was only a small part of the truth – but at times like this, she wished… She wandered into the deserted ruined temple gardens, not ready to return to the mania of the busy city. Nature had long since reasserted itself since the fall of the temple decades before and the formal garden had grown wild and unkempt. It was almost certainly the only place on the entire planet where nature had been permitted such freedom in a thousand years. The Force remained, mostly light but a little grey at the edges, much like Rey herself. Amongst such, Rey settled herself to meditate a little more. ‘Rey?’ Of course, of course . ‘You’re not welcome in my head, Ben.’ ‘Yet the door was open.’ ‘I have had a long day-‘ ‘Why did you yell at me last night?’ He sounded hurt! Aggrieved, like it wasn’t all his fault. He was beyond infuriating but she was sufficiently calm now to respond smoothly. ‘Didn’t you even feel it?’ she asked. ‘What?’ ‘ You did this. During your evening out .’ A pause. ‘Oh. Oh . I didn’t… I wasn’t paying attention.’ ‘That much was clear.’ ‘So you-‘ As the Bond re-established itself it grew stronger, and she could almost see the room he was in, a luxurious sitting room, probably in a hotel by the décor. She could almost feel him nearby, slouched in a chair. ‘Everything, yes. Thank you so much.’ ‘I’m sorry, if that’s worth anything?’ She was genuinely surprised to receive an apology so quickly. ‘It isn’t really. I don’t enjoy watching.’ A ripple of amusement and innuendo formed at his end but, to his slight credit, went undelivered. ‘Won’t happen again.’ ‘Why did it?’ ‘No idea.’ His answer came too quickly. ‘Luke says heightened emotion-‘ ‘Nothing.’ ‘All right then. Goodbye.’ ‘You don’t believe me.’ ‘I didn’t say that.’ ‘You didn’t have to. You’re always so passive-aggressive!’ ‘And you’re aggressive-aggressive! I didn’t ask for this Ben, not any of it, ever!’ ‘Here we go again.’ Her fury rose. ‘And you’re trying to make me the villain now, like usual-‘ Resentment flared from Ben, sending a spike into her head. ‘We both know I’m the villain, Rey. Always the bad guy. Always-‘ ‘Stop! I cannot have this argument again. Stay out of my head. I’ll certainly keep out of yours.’ ‘Fine.’ Ben disappeared, as much as he ever could, and she was alone in the garden again. * Chapter 2 : Lorrdy Mama Notes: Thank you for all the comments so far! Some things in this 'verse are based on the vast sprawl that is the established SW 'verse and the EU, but details are oft created by moi or based on other things seen or heard within fandom. So, time for Rey to hit the road, galactically speaking... Life continued. Rey had been a little adrift since the end of the war and the end of her Jedi dream. In between odd engineering jobs, she flew in various triumphal processions, memorials and commemorations across the galaxy: there was always a reason to celebrate something and Rey, hero of the Resistance, was always a welcome sight. She wouldn’t bother, but for two things: it really seemed to bring people joy to see her; these were the only times she caught up with Finn and Poe. The next such event was on the planet Lorrd in the Outer Rim, a middling sort of place. Ordinary, as icy planets went. Rey still rather liked the novelty of ice, despite her not-quite-brief marooning on Gale. Having spent some time fixing the Falcon – the old girl always needed something doing – and flew out only a few days after the strangeness with Ben. She was quite alone: Chewbacca had gone back to Kashyyyk for a while and Luke never attended such events. Rey had once loved space travel, but now it was ordinary, run of the mill, boring. It was never fun when she was alone… she had spent much too long isolated in the deserts of Jakku to really enjoy solitude. Once safely in hyperdrive, Rey tinkered with minor parts of the ship, and then finally gave in and tried to sleep. The Bond tickled the hem of her thoughts, never quite gone no matter how she wished it away. Being busy made it quieter, but even Rey had to sleep occasionally. The other end of the Bond surged a moment. She scowled: she knew that meant Ben was not quite in control and as she felt no anger, it was probably euphoria. It was difficult enough to face the bitter end of a relationship, but being constantly linked was torture. He was, she conceded better at shielding from her now. The first time he’d been with another woman, she’d been pulled right into his mind and involuntarily both witnessed and felt him and a woman who looked rather like herself. His tastes had broadened since, but at least she no longer felt it – until that one strange moment days before. Rey had not gone on a single date, nor entertained the notion. Most men startled in general when faced with such a powerful Force user, but to know they potentially followed Kylo Ren/Ben Solo… as Poe put it, it was “enough to shrivel the balls back into your body for all time”. Half-Jedi, Rey didn’t really feel the absence, but she despised being alone. She hated it more than when she was a child on Jakku, for now she knew what it was to feel loved. Losing it was more painful than any injury she’d incurred during the Last Great Galactic War. She hated herself as much, for feeling it. She should be better than this. Perhaps she would be, if not for the bloody Bond, forcing her to stay connected eternally to someone who had hurt her so profoundly, forcing her to feel the absence of love every moment of every day, forcing her to spend energy on keeping the Bond as closed as it could be- Her datapad trilled where she’d left it on the floor, and being wide awake despite herself, Rey slid out of her bunk to retrieve the newly-arrived message. Rey, when do you reach Lorrd? You owe me a drink. Lots of drinks. Love Finn. As soon as she had read Finn’s message, another followed. Reybee, you’d better come out on the town with us when you hit Lorrd. You owe me a drink. Love Poe. Before she could reply to either message, a third arrived. Dear Rey, I will be attending the Commemoration on Lorrd. I would very much like to see you, if you are available. I hope your journey is safe and uneventful. With dearest affection, Leia. Rey was confused: why was General Organa herself travelling to Lorrd for a relatively small-time commemoration ceremony? It didn’t make sense – unless it was about Ben. Of course it would be about Ben. He was Leia’s chief concern, not Rey, the prodigal returned and she was once again, no one. What did he have to do with it, anyway? For obvious reasons, the former Ren tended not to show up at such events. What could he do, sing six verses of ‘Sorry I Killed Your Husband/Wife/Daughter/Son/Father/Mother/Grandparent/Cousin/Best Friend/Second Favourite Fishmonger’? She slammed her hand down on the Falcon’s console and flinched as the lights flickered ominously. Why did everything come back to Ben Solo? He’d even been born on the ship she was on… she would’ve given it up long ago, but for her attachment to it as Han’s ship, as her first notion of ‘home’. Yet, was she not allowed to exist as her own complete, autonomous self? Not even for a single day? Every part of her life since leaving Jakku had been overshadowed by him . Kylo Ren or Ben Solo, it made no difference. She shuffled wearily through the ship to find another diversion. Caf and a bit of light reading, or catching up with one of the idiotic holo-serials she hated to love. For someone supposedly so extraordinary, Rey had become rather dull and ordinary of late. There had been a time when having a Force Bond was the greatest privilege and highest delight in the galaxy. Rey and Ben had never been truly apart, even when they were required to head in different directions. Even feeling was heightened when they were together, and the feeling of complete entwinement was beyond love, euphoria and contentment. When it was good, it was very, very good and when it was bad, it was intolerable. Sipping at hot caf, Rey winced and made a mental note to clean the machine at some point. She curled up on the sofa with her datapad and let the latest instalment of Katianni and Wadeerano play out on the screen. Sleep came when she least expected it, although an uneasy kind of slumber that she didn’t notice until the shriek of the hyperdrive awoke her. She ignored her spilled caf for now, and settled into the cockpit to bring the Falcon out of hyperdrive. It wasn’t long until she landed on the icy Outer Rim planet of Lorrd, directed into one of the best gates at the spaceport. Dreams clung to her like a greasy film on her mind: thin, almost invisible but present enough to let her know she had been dreaming. Not recalling fully was the best case scenario these days, because remembering meant ‘the inglorious details of war’ or ‘perfect, excruciating recall of sex with Ben Solo’. There were no other kinds of dreams, not even the silly sort with bizarre logic that only made sense in-dream or the pedestrian sorting-the-events-of-the day sort. No, always Ben Solo. Always. Upon landing, a cadre of eager mechanics swarmed upon the Millennium Falcon, itself a war hero. ‘I don’t need anything!’ she called to them as she walked down the ramp. ‘Thanks anyway.’ It was a lesson hard learnt: plenty of people wanted to work on the Falcon but almost nobody should do, especially overexcited students. The sensor jammer hadn’t been the same since the idiot on Dathomir- Her thoughts were interrupted by the grand arrival of a very tall, very thin near-human whose long green hair matched his long green robe. ‘Welcome to Lorrd, Lady Rey!’ He bowed to her, and she returned the gesture and hoped she hadn’t scowled at being called ‘Lady’. It wasn’t his fault: most folk wanted to give her a title, especially as she had no last name. ‘I am Governor Brusche, and you are most welcome, hero of the Freedom,’ he called loudly, formally, for the benefit of all present. ‘Be well.’ ‘Thank you, Governor.’ She allowed the Governor to lead her to a small shuttle, inside which a handful of others already sat. As soon as they embarked, it zoomed away from the spaceport and Rey grabbed at the Force to avoid a stumble. The Governor took a seat. ‘You will stay at the Lorrdian Palace, of course. My daughter Taleesh will show you around.’ ‘I am honoured by your hospitality.’ A young girl – hardly more than a child – with the same green hair and robes as the Governor, was sat with several other young women. She grinned at Rey. ‘Did you really fly the Millennium Falcon all by yourself? Was it scary? Did you come from Coruscant? My dad says he’ll take me there one day-‘ ‘Taleesh, dear, don’t overwhelm our guest.’ Taleesh was quiet for the rest of the journey, but as soon as they were at the small but very neat white stone palace and the girl was leading her along airy corridors decorated with fine white sculptures, the questions returned and Rey did her best to answer. At a large blue door, Taleesh paused and took a breath. ‘Here’s your room. It’s one of the best, it overlooks the lake! Ben says it’s the best, and he never lies.’ ‘Ben?’ Taleesh nodded firmly. ‘Ben is the best! Whenever he comes here, he always plays with me! Not like Daddy’s other guests. They’re too boring and don’t care about me. But Ben uses the Force to levitate the ball when we play smoozball and he says he doesn’t cheat but I think he does, at least a little bit!’ Rey didn’t bother asking “which Ben?” when she could feel a lingering sense of him in the Force. The room was pleasantly appointed with a sizeable bed upon which a richly decorated red and gold quilt was stretched. She’d read somewhere that Lorrdians were more interested in academia than art, but their love of quilting translated into something intricate and beautiful. ‘Does he come here often?’ she asked. Taleesh shrugged. ‘Dunno.’ ‘How does he know your father?’ ‘They fought together,’ Taleesh replied as though Rey were particularly stupid for not knowing. ‘In the war.’ Her duty dispatched, Taleesh did not linger, for which Rey was grateful. Ben’s Force Signature was strong... Dread flooded her mind and threatened to overwhelm her entirely. Was Ben here ? Why would he be? It was a minor Outer Rim place, charming but not worth the galactic elite’s notice. Rey rather thought its charm lay exactly in that reason. Her datapad pinged. We know you’re here. Get your ass to the Flying Flamingo to buy us those drinks you owe us. And dinner. Shower first. We’ll wait. She spent a few minutes in the sonic ‘fresher and slipped into a rather lovely dress Leia had given her during the Unpleasantness. It was a form of armour for Rey, who had yet to learn to love spending time in public socially. Even if he was on Lorrd, Ben would never be with Finn and Poe, so she didn’t tarry much, except to ask a service droid for directions. The Flying Flamingo was one of the best restaurants in the city, nestled half next to the lake and half above it. The glass floor above the water was its great selling point, and it was a great deal more upmarket than Finn and Poe usually chose. It was sleek, shiny silver all over, from the twinkling glass chandeliers and silky tablecloths that caught the cool light just so . The serving staff was all-droid: tall and elegant humanoids with chromed skins and diamond eyes. They spoke in perfect Coruscanti accents with flawless diction. The Maitre D’roid knew her without introduction. ‘Your friends await you.’ Leia was with Finn and Poe at a table over the lake. Her former mother in law looked born to such a luxurious place, her rich blue robes a pleasant spoke of colour in the room. Her friends were dressed suitably but still gave an air of naughty schoolboys about to undertake great mischief. Both leapt to their feet and bounced into a double-headed hug that she had no power or will to prevent, although Finn’s nose bumped her ear and Poe’s hand smacked her hip. ‘We missed you!’ ‘Finn’s been checking the time every ten standard seconds!’ ‘Have not!’ ‘Have!’ ‘Like I didn’t have to take your datapad away to stop you sending messages every ten standard seconds!’ Leia intervened then: ‘Boys, put her down.’ They obeyed instantly. Leia’s embrace was more dignified but no less sincere. ‘Dear Rey, you look well.’ ‘Thank you. So do you.’ Seated, it was a moment of quiet happiness to be with three of her favourite people in the galaxy. ‘I’m glad you came,’ Finn whispered as he pretended to read the menu. ‘So am I. Although I don’t know why they want me here. I was in a coma for the entire Battle of Lorrd.’ ‘You are a hero of the Resistance,’ Leia replied smoothly, before giving a complicated order to the waiting droid. Rey could prevaricate if she wanted, but she wanted answers more: ‘Is Ben here?’ Leia’s shoulders drooped a little, and Rey had her answer. ‘I thought I could feel him.’ ‘He was invited,’ Leia replied. ‘I’ve not seen him but- I’m sorry.’ ‘You don’t have to be sorry. I’m sure we can both be… civilised.’ As if summoned by mention of him, Ben Solo himself entered the Flying Flamingo in that moment. He was accompanied as always by his shadow, Mitaka, and a statuesque redheaded woman that reminded Rey a little of General Phasma before her execution. The woman was breath-taking but a little overdone to Rey’s simple taste: too much face paint, a few too many pieces of jewellery. Ben looked as Soloish as ever: long, dark frock coat, tight trousers and hair fit to drown in and be happy with such a fate. It was all too horribly familiar. Rey hated how her heart still quickened a little, even if anticipation curdled to anger in a nanosecond. She felt no jealousy towards the woman. That had never been her concern, even when she was Mrs Ben Solo and he still had a steady stream of women drawn to him who had no care for his status. The brazen ones had been easy to deal with; the subtle ones less so, but Rey had never, ever been jealous . Anyone who had Ben’s love was never left in any doubt of it, just as those who lost it were certain it was gone completely and forever. For a moment, Rey worried that he would come over to them, at least to greet his mother. Still, he and his party were quickly seated across the room, to the not-subtle delight of other diners, who watched them all as if it were Katianni and Wadeerano live. Leia rose gracefully, although a little mortified by the awkward situation. ‘I will go and greet… them.’ This left her with her two best friends, who fell instantly to mockery. ‘He looks terrible.’ ‘Awful. Who cuts his hair?’ ‘He does, probably. Or Mittie does.’ ‘Definitely.’ ‘As for the girl, clearly never read a book in her life.’ ‘Stop it,’ Rey snapped. ‘You don’t have to start in on her. It’s fine.’ ‘Rey-‘ ‘It’s fine. I just can’t imagine why he’s here. I’m… surprised. But it’s a small galaxy so I suppose we were always going to run into each other eventually.’ Silence. It was not a small galaxy and they could’ve lived a millennium before seeing each other. ‘Well… I suppose the galaxy is smaller for those pesky Skywalkers,’ Poe offered. ‘But I did think he might come, considering-‘ ‘Considering?’ ‘Nothing,’ Finn cut in. ‘Not nothing. What?’ ‘Well…’ Poe sighed. ‘Ben… this was a huge fight for him.’ Finn gripped Poe’s hand in a harsh caricature of their usual affection. ‘Poe, darling .’ ‘Nah,’ Poe pulled away with a scowl and nearly knocked over his water glass. ‘She should know.’ ‘What?’ Rey looked between them, back and forth. ‘Tell me, before Leia comes back.’ ‘Ben’s…’ Finn groaned. ‘Ben’s kinda the Hero of Lorrd. It was… you were in that coma… he wanted to prove himself, so… he did. He took out a whole platoon of First Order troopers. Single-handed. Then he basically liberated the entire planet-‘ ‘Solo, you might say.’ ‘Poe, I have truly had more Solo puns than I will ever need. What happened?’ ‘Ben liberated the planet. Without a single civilian casualty. The worst damage was to the spaceport, and that was because an Order troopship crashed.’ ‘It was all Ben,’ Poe added. ‘The First Order lost a lot of spirit after Kylo Ren turned against them.’ ‘So publicly, too. He gave them an ultimatum, and it didn’t take long for them to take it seriously.’ ‘If he wanted to kick arse and demonstrate his redemption, that was how.’ Rey glanced over at Ben’s table. ‘Why Lorrd?’ ‘It was where Hux escaped to.’ ‘Oh.’ Rey couldn’t have been more chilled had the floor given way and plunged her into the frigid lake below. ‘Oh.’ ‘Yeah. So Lorrd kinda took Ben as their own.’ ‘Why didn’t I know this?’ Poe bit his lip. ‘He made us promise not to tell. He didn’t want you to feel… beholden, I guess?’ She picked up her silver fork, put it down, picked it up again and finally let it drop to the table with a muted clank. It was all rather too much to consider after so long, after so much other stuff . Leia returned after a moment, breaking their silence, and changed the subject before anyone else could. No more of Ben was spoken at the table, but it was so artificially done as to be absurd – he was right there in the room, the son of one, the former best friend of two and Rey… Much time had passed since they had last been in the same building and with proximity, the Bond burned. The longer they were near, it could not be really blocked, ignored or denied. Their meal was seven courses long, but partway through the fourth course (fish), she gave up and looked directly at him. He stared back, the Bond forcing their gaze to meet. The Bond seared against her mind and she closed her eyes to break the connection. It didn’t make much difference. Rey pushed her plate away. ‘I’m not hungry.’ Her dinner companions did not bother hiding surprise or concern. ‘You’re never not hungry.’ ‘It’s your thing.’ ‘It’s Ben, isn’t it? It hardly mattered who said what – she didn’t really hear anything. Seeing him in the flesh, directly, after so long- Rey bolted from the restaurants as fast as she could. She knocked a service droid, who tipped soup into the lap of an elderly diner who yelped, but Rey was already gone. Chapter 3 : Commemorating Notes: Thank you for all your kind comments so far! In the silent privacy of her room, Rey meditated until her heartbeat had returned to a healthy rate the tremble in her hands had ceased. Once calm, she felt terribly guilty. Guilty for running out on her friends and the worry it would cause her. Guilt for not being fine . The Bond between her and Ben was strong when they were in such close proximity and even in spite of trying to keep the damned thing shut down, she could feel him so strongly that she knew when he had come into the Palace from the Flying Flamingo. She could even tell that he was alone and was not surprised when his fist made contact with her door, once, twice, three time. ‘Rey, I need to talk to you.’ No please . Of course. She took a few calming breaths and opened the door. Ben blinked a couple of times, evidently surprised that she had done as he asked. She had not seen him up so close in reality for such a long time and it was overwhelming. The Bond couldn’t tell her how he seemed to radiate heat, nor how he smelled or capture the exact way his eyes gleamed and seemed to sear into her when his gaze was turned to her. ‘What?’ she asked, trying and failing to sound anything but bitter and angry. ‘I just wanted to talk to you. Just for a minute.’ Still no please . ‘About?’ He shifted awkwardly on his feet for a moment. ‘May I come in?’ ‘No.’ ‘By the way, there’s a wobbly floor tile in the ‘fresher. Be careful.’ ‘I’ll be fine. What do you want?’ ‘I just wanted you to know… I didn’t know you’d be here. I would’ve made my apologies to the Governor. I…’ Ben pulled a hand roughly through his long mess of hair and for a moment stared down at the floor, before meeting her gaze again. ‘I didn’t knowingly break our agreement; I swear to you. And I’m sorry.’ ‘Sorry? What are you sorry for?’ ‘For losing control the other day. Maybe I’ll tell you about it one day-‘ ‘Not necessary. But your apology is accepted. Goodnight.’ ‘My mother-‘ ‘What?’ ‘My mother worries about you. She doesn’t say anything to me directly, but I know she does. Just… she worries about you and I worry about her…’ ‘Your point?’ ‘You’re clearly absolutely fine, but if you could demonstrate that to her so…’ ‘She worries about you more,’ Rey snapped and immediately regretted any loss of control. ‘She will always worry about you more. Goodnight, Ben.’ Rey closed the door then, before he could object and he had to snatch his hand away to avoid getting his knuckles crushed. She moved away immediately, as far away as she could get. There was a wide balcony overlooking the lake and she went to it, only to then see lights go on in another room across the way. The broad-shouldered silhouette could only belong to Ben and she kicked herself for letting her gaze linger. At least she knew where he was staying, as if she couldn’t feel it. She moved away from the balcony as his shadow loomed large in the gauzy drapes of his own. She disappeared just in time to see him walk out onto his own balcony and slump against the balustrade. She could feel how weary he was, and was in very great danger of feeling sorry for him. That would not do. With the Bond thrumming gently in the back of her head, Rey thought she would struggle to sleep. Perhaps it was the effort of space travel or… whatever the reason, she was asleep almost as soon as her head hit the soft pillow. * The Commemoration of the Battle of Lorrd was traditionally held at sunset, marking the point at which First Order General Hux formally surrendered to Poe Dameron of the Resistance. Previous commemorations had developed a set of traditions which the people of Lorrd clung to fiercely: Each person in the crowd carried a small black candle for each member of their family that had been killed during the Occupation or the Battle. Some people had lost so many relations that they carried a set of candles on wooden planks. They processed through the streets of the city of Lorrd before reaching Liberation Plaza, a large open space once full of buildings that had actually been formed by explosions and fighting during the battle. There, the Governor led them all in the Great Sorrowing, a standard minute of intentional, vocal grieving. Rey was invited to watch from Liberation Tower, a tall metal structure built with the remnants of the buildings lost. So too were Finn, Poe, General Organa and of course, Ben. All this she learnt on her first morning on Lorrd, during a meeting with the Governor and Leia. ‘General Organa let me know that you are not overly familiar with our traditions and I did not want you to feel uncomfortable or uncertain.’ Brusche told her, enunciation clipped and efficient, but not at all unfriendly. ‘Appropriate clothing will be delivered to you today,’ Rey picked at the hem of her plain tunic. ‘And in turn, I have no wish to appear uncaring or ignorant. I care very much.’ ‘That is clear, Lady Rey. My daughter was full of praise for you last night.’ ‘I spent hardly any time at all-‘ ‘Taleesh is a little Force-sensitive. She can size up anyone in seconds.’ Rey scowled then. How had she not noticed? Was she so caught up in other things? ‘A fine skill to have.’ ‘For a politician’s daughter? Certainly. But it hardly helps her make friends.’ ‘Shall we discuss the ceremony itself?’ Leia interjected. ‘After the Sorrowing?’ ‘Yes indeed,’ Brusche moved swiftly on. ‘A representative of each city on the planet will present themselves at the foot of Liberation Tower. I will greet them and give the Blessing to them on behalf of all persons. There is also then the Gratitude.’ ‘What’s that?’ asked Rey. ‘It is a standard minute of gratitude for those who came to aid us in our time of greatest need. It is also a moment for us to mark our gratitude to the Great Unknown for our survival. We will turn to those in the tower and applaud, cheer and otherwise make our feelings known.’ ‘Oh.’ Rey flushed red. ‘I’m really not- I wasn’t here .’ Leia reached over and squeezed her hand. ‘You are a hero of the Resistance. It’s right you are here. It will be fine, I promise. I will be right there with you.’ ‘All right.’ Rey blinked a few sudden tears away. She was not worthy of such appreciation. Having picked up on this, Leia squeezed her hand again and just nodded. Yes, you are . * Just before sunset, Rey followed Leia and her friends from the palace to Liberation Tower. The streets were empty there, as the people had gathered at the other side of town to begin the procession. The Plaza was decorated with thousands of red flowers. The dress she had been given was the same shade of deep crimson as the flowers, and was mercifully unfussy and she was glad for the high collar and stiff bodice that kept her poised and graceful, for she felt neither quality at that moment. Taleesh was waiting for them at the foot of the Tower. She was such a confident young thing that she seemed much older than she was. Now she was paying attention, Rey could feel the tingle of the Force around Taleesh. She could also feel Ben nearby. A glance upward showed him already in situ in the Tower, leaning against the balustrade much as he had been the night before at the Palace. Finn took her hand and squeezed it, and she managed a slight smile for his benefit. Taleesh led them up the narrow metal spiral stairs to the platform, from where much of Lorrd City was visible. The platform was not large and they were forced to stand in close proximity to each other. Finn and Poe, being the stone-cold wonderful friends they were, put Rey between themselves, arranging things so she was no closer to Ben than required. Rey dashed a glance over at him. He seemed downcast and the Bond confirmed her suspicion. His mother moved to his side and he allowed her to link arms with her and after a moment, moved so that his arm was around her shoulders. A warm rush of affection rolled down Rey’s spine. Ben looked over and caught her eye for a second, before she looked away. Was the affection his, or hers? The Bond made everything so… confusing. Her own personal tumult was put aside within minutes as the Lorrdian procession came into view. The Governor, resplendent in fine green robes again, led the procession. He carried a single candle. Taleesh leaned dangerously over the silver balustrade to watch him lead the people into the plaza. Slowly, the wide open space filled with people until there was not a scrap of ground to be seen and people were forced to hold their candles above their heads to avoid setting anyone alight. Huge screens had been set up around the Plaza so everyone could witness proceedings: one screen showed those in the Tower; another showed the raised platform at the foot of the Tower, where Governor Brusche now stood; a third showed various shots across the crowd. As Brusche had explained, he now greeted the representatives of the planet’s cities, and they stood together, with their candles, upon the platform. The bell at the top of the tower then tolled once, a crisp and clean metal chime. With no further direction than that, the people of Lorrd filled their lungs and as if one single unit, let out a wail of agonised grief. The sound rolled through the air, keening and somehow almost musical. As a standard minute passed, the noise moved from a single sound to many. The Force quaked around Rey, and it was all she could do to remain standing. Such pain … She recalled Taleesh then, and saw her eyes closed tight shut and her hands against the balustrade gripped so tight that her spindly fingers looked fit to crack. Without a thought, Rey moved away from Finn and Poe to pull the child into a hug. Taleesh shook all over and her arms wrapped around Rey’s waist and clung . There was no word that could make anything better, so Rey said nothing at all but kept holding on. The bell tolled a second time and the Plaza fell into a silence all the more powerful for the cacophony it followed. Taleesh pulled away from Rey then, but kept hold of her hand. Her eyes were red but she smiled. On the screen, Rey saw the Governor raise his candle high in the air. This was apparently the cue for all in the Plaza to turn to the Tower, and those in it. The bell tolled once, twice and a third time, then there was noise again. This time, the noise was one of joy: whoops, cheers, applause, yells, whistles and even some singing. It was all directed at those with Rey, those people who had helped liberate the planet from the First Order. The Force now burst forth, sweeping around her in something like jubilation. Rey glanced over at Poe. His eyes were shut tight and he seemed anything but pleased himself. Finn kept close hold of him, as if he was worried Poe might fling himself from the Tower. All she knew of the Battle of Lorrd was from the holonet, which was neither detailed nor accurate, and her friends had never been inclined to say much about it. The bell tolled three times again and the clamour died down, but not quite to silence. The Governor addressed the assembly only briefly, and Rey was too churned up emotionally to pay much attention. The people dispersed then, to their own private commemorations and ceremonies. Taleesh tugged on Rey’s sleeve. ‘Time to go.’ The Governor had arranged for a soiree at the Palace – not quite a party, not quite fun – and naturally the heroes of the Resistance were guests of honour. Poe and Finn were silent as they descended the tower, and Rey gave them the space they clearly needed. Once out of the Tower, Ben brushed past her and strode away, leaving them all behind. Rey scowled, but Leia held a hand up. ‘Give him some time.’ ‘I would give him nothing else.’ Leia’s expression fell and Rey could’ve kicked herself. ‘Sorry.’ ‘No, no… let’s just return to the palace and get this thing over with.’ * Prominent Lorrdians milled around the Palace Ballroom. Music was provided by a local group, understated and soothing rather than something fit for dancing. Native delicacies and Lorrdian beer were served by chromed droids that slid through the room without fuss. Rey remained on the edge of the action. Casual conversation with strangers did not come naturally to someone who grew up in a place like Jakku, and she could not even share war stories as many of them did. She had been in a coma, slathered in bacta, for the entirety of the Lorrd campaign. A willowy woman approached after some time alone, a cocktail glass held precariously between two fingers. ‘Lady Rey?’ ‘Yes. I mean, hello.’ ‘I could not bear to see you stand alone for a moment longer. I am the Governor’s sister Urschula.’ Rey could see the resemblance: the same long limbs, green hair and political smile. ‘It is very nice to meet you.’ Rey bowed a little. ‘Oh, don’t bother with all that. Now, why are you standing here on your own?’ ‘I just- I’m not sure I should be here.’ ‘Why ever not?’ ‘I wasn’t- I’m not- this wasn’t my battle.’ ‘Wasn’t it?’ Urschula asked, green eyebrow quirked. ‘No, I wasn’t here.’ ‘Perhaps not, but- has nobody told you?’ ‘Told me what?’ ‘Ben Solo fought here in your name. He fought General Hux with your name on his lips. Everyone knows that.’ Rey’s mouth opened, closed, opened and closed again. She blinked once, twice, three times. She looked at Urschula, then at Ben where he stood chatting easily to some Lorrdian ladies, then back at Urschula again. ‘What?’ Chapter 4 : Unexpected Familiarity Notes: Just a quick update for now, and thank you for your thoughtful comments so far! Content note: while this is not intended to be a depiction specifically of PTSD, there are elements in this chapter. Please read with caution if you need to. We all have our lesser demons and our better angels. May the latter outweigh the former for you all. Rey felt as though she had been bolted to the floor through her shoes. Her legs wanted to move – oh, how they longed to run as fast and as far as they could – but her feet just wouldn’t do their part. Her companion guessed from her reaction that Rey truly had no idea what she was talking about and almost instantly found a Very Important Pretext upon which to rush away on her heeled shoes. This left Rey quite alone with nothing but her own tumultuous thoughts. No amount of Jedi training could help her find peace in the immediate moment. There were so many questions she wanted to ask – scream to the ceiling – not just of Ben but of Luke and Leia and her friends. She had asked so many questions over the years, trying to understand what had occurred to put her in a coma, what happened while she was out, what happened afterwards… Everyone had lied, or at best, kept the truth from her. Was it the truth or the concealment of the truth that upset her most? ‘Rey?’ She blinked. Ben loomed over her, almost blocking out the light. When had he come over? ‘Rey, what’s the matter?’ ‘Oh… nothing.’ ‘I felt you-‘ He stopped abruptly and his face reddened a little. ‘I didn’t mean to. I think you… let your… what’s wrong?’ She blinked again and her feet released themselves from the floor at last. The tumult cleared and she was all that was calm and collected. ‘I have just been told that the entire foundation of my life for the last ten years is a lie.’ He blanched then, his face almost translucent. He reached out a hand to her but she dodged away. A wave of regret, shame and guilt washed over her and her legs buckled slightly. He grabbed her to stop her falling down. ‘I’m sorry,’ he whispered. ‘I couldn’t bear- I’m sorry.’ Rey had fully expected to be the one to flee the ballroom with tears streaming down her face. It was a genuine shock to discover that it would be, and was, Ben Solo. * She could not bear to remain at the party, not with the curious and not very subtle glances everyone was tossing her way since Ben’s dramatic exit. Rey made very brief excuses to her friends, who were not remotely surprised, and to Leia, who looked like she wanted to turn and run herself. ‘When you find him,’ she started but could not finish without losing her composure. ‘Don’t worry.’ With a final farewell to the governor, Rey was gone from the ballroom, gone from the nonsense and false gaiety and court politics she disliked even on a good day. It was not difficult to follow the storm of emotions that Ben left in his wake although he had kept himself shut down from the direct Bond. The door to his guest room was open, through distress rather than invitation, and Rey peeked in, half expecting to see the glow of a lightsaber cutting through anything and everything as he raged. There was precedent, after all. She couldn’t see him at first but she could feel him. Her own heart sank with the leaden weight of familiarity. Rey went towards the ‘fresher. ‘Ben?’ He was on the floor of the ‘fresher itself, face against the cold tile and hands splayed against the walls. Oh kriff … Without so much as a conscious thought, Rey summoned the Force to lift him up and out of the ‘fresher and onto the bed. She kicked off her horrible shoes and then set about removing his boots before they could wreck the finely embroidered eiderdown. Ben curled in on himself while she did so. She reached out into the Bond and found it wide open as she knew she would. He wasn’t able to keep up those walls at times like these. Rey felt his heart thundering as if it were her own and she took several deep breaths to calm herself and, she hoped, him by extension. ‘Ben?’ Nothing. As expected. This was so much like the old days. Their Force Bond was wide open at his end, but it didn’t mean she received any response from him. A little Dark bubbled up, and she wasted no time in climbing up onto the bed and wrapping herself around him as best she could. The seams of her borrowed gown creaked as she moved in ways it wasn’t intended for. She took another long breath, closed her eyes, and took herself deep into the Force to find Ben. * Rey was not entirely surprised to find herself on the Millennium Falcon, folded into one of the cargo compartments. How Ben had loved to hide himself away for hours when he was still little enough to fit. There he was, all of five years old with a scruff of dark hair and a pair of wide, frightened eyes fit to break her heart. ‘Hello Ben.’ A hesitation, then: ‘Hello.’ ‘Why are you hiding?’ ‘I’m not hiding!’ ‘Are you afraid of something?’ ‘I’m not afraid of nothing!’ A paused. ‘Anything. Not afraid of anything.’ Rey bit her lip to stop smiling. He might’ve returned to his child self but his adult precision in all matters could not help but make an appearance. She crouched down beside him and fell gracelessly onto her backside, which made him smile a little. ‘Mind if I hide with you?’ ‘What are you afraid of?’ ‘Lots of things.’ ‘Really?’ ‘Yes. Being alone. Being hungry again. Being… abandoned. Finding out I’m not good enough. Losing the Force.’ ‘You have the Force? Like me?’ ‘Yes. Can you feel it?’ Little Ben concentrated very hard. ‘Yes. You don’t feel frightened.’ ‘I’m very good at pretending.’ Ben, to her surprise, snuggled into her side. ‘Will you stay with me? Until I’m not afraid?’ ‘If you want me to.’ ‘Do I know you?’ The first time his young Force memory self asked her that question, her answer had not been helpful. The “yes, of course you do” caused more confusion. She answered now in a way that was proven to work. ‘You will, one day.’ Rey rested her head on his, and waited. * Ben stretched out suddenly, almost knocking Rey off the bed. ‘Are you all right?’ she asked, checking the time. They had been in the Force memory for hours but only a few minutes had passed in reality. Ben looked around the room almost vacantly, entirely confused. ‘What happened?’ Rey parroted Master Luke’s usual meditation advice: ‘Take a few deep breaths. Centre yourself. Find your control again.’ Still bewildered, Ben obeyed without thought and she watched carefully as he returned to himself in stages. His shoulders tensed, his eyes narrowed and his expression hardened. ‘I...’ ‘If you’re about to start apologising, please don’t.’ ‘But-‘ ‘This has never been your fault.’ ‘But-‘ ‘Stop it.’ Now he was himself again, Rey’s heart closed up again. ‘I will always help you when you need it. I’m not so mean as to ignore someone who needs help.’ ‘It’s not happened for such a long time. Not since… the last time.’ ‘Well, that’s good.’ She stood and reached for her shoes but decided not to even bother trying to wedge the bloody things back onto her feet. She could return to her own room barefoot. ‘I have never wanted that for you. No matter how angry-‘ ‘Who was I?’ ‘Little Ben.’ He relaxed a little, reassured. ‘Could’ve been worse.’ ‘It can always be worse. You should try to get some sleep. You’ll feel better.’ Ben nodded. ‘OK… thank you… Rey…’ He was asleep before she was at the door. His end of the Bond slowed and quieted. In her own room, she flopped onto the bed and was sleeping before she could be angry at still not knowing what the hell had happened at the Battle of Lorrd. Chapter 5 : Asking the Wrong Questions Notes: Thanks so much for the kind comments last time! My Christmas break ends... about now, so updates may be a little slow from here on in, but I'll do my best to update regularly. The various palace residents and guests were late to rise the morning after the commemoration. Indeed, almost everyone on the entire planet had spent Commemoration Night celebrating their survival through the medium of ‘party’ in stark, but understandable, contrast to the solemnity of the day’s events. The exception to the rule was, as so often, Rey. Despite the draining end to her day, she arose as the Lorrdian sun was rising. It didn’t matter what planet she was on, or what solar processes it had, Rey always rose with the light. Yet another thing to blame on Jakku, she supposed. Breakfast was consequently quiet, although the serving droids provided a variety of lush native fruits she didn’t recognise, along with some classic galactic breakfast foods. She sipped a glass of blue milk and eagerly scoffed fruit and a couple of slices of fluffy protein bread. The latter was a far superior relative to the portions she had once survived on and had become a favourite for her. Wide awake, Rey had many, many questions about the Battle of Lorrd. The night before she had fully intended to confront Ben himself. His response meant that he was currently the absolute last person she wanted to speak to. Poe, Finn and Leia had all had years’ worth of chances to tell her the whole truth and had decided not to, for reasons currently unknown, but she was confident it was something to do with Ben. Official records were brief and vague, but perhaps the records here in Lorrd itself were more detailed. It was worth asking, but she didn’t want to raise more questions. Struck by inspiration, she called one of the droids over. ‘While everyone is asleep, is it possible to visit the library? Or the archive?’ * The Palace library and archive were one and the same, a cavernous room under the ballroom where thousands of datacards held the Lorrdian archives. A small desk in the centre of the room held a large datapad and a stack of datasheets for note-taking. The droid had accompanied her and so she asked for the cards pertaining to the Battle of Lorrd. ‘Those are restricted. Sorry, sorry.’ ‘Restricted? Why?’ ‘That information is not available to me. I recommend the novels of Eustaciana Wollo. She is well-regarded on this planet.’ ‘I don’t want to read a novel, I want to- never mind.’ A polite smile flittered across her lips. ‘Thank you. I’ll go for a walk instead.’ The palace gardens were not vast, but they were very pretty. Native flora tended to be brightly coloured and larger than often found elsewhere, and Rey found a seat under a blue Lorrdian sunflower that reached above seven or eight feet. The blue grass was soft and springy to the touch, and the glittering sunlight warmed her skin most pleasantly. Meditation was surely the order of the day after such a night. She’d forgotten how draining such experiences were. There was a time, after all, when it had been an everyday occurrence. The Force flowed over, around, under and through her. She cleared her mind and let it simply be . She was one, entirely one, with the Force. All was balanced and correct as she connected with the pure, undiluted Force. There was pain and suffering in the universe, but it was localised, personal and ordinary. It had taken her a long time to accept what she now called “normal pain”. Master Luke had spent countless hours working to help Rey understand that pain and suffering were – to a point – a real and proper part of life. She had endured so much for so long that she would not tolerate it, not for anyone. Ben had done more than anyone to help her in that regard. For someone who had inflicted so much extraordinary horror on others, he had a finely-tuned handle on the varied nature of pain. She had come to terms with it eventually, once she had learned and felt the difference within the Force between the everyday and the extraordinary. Now as she meditated, she felt that the galaxy was mostly at peace, which was the most that anyone could reasonably expect, and that in comparison to the previous fifty or sixty years, it was a great deal better. Still, she would let Luke know that she could feel something a little sharper than expected out on Ithor and let him pass on the information to the correct authorities. Rey brought herself out of the trance before her limbs could seize up. She was still not quite happy with the situation, but she was calmer now and felt able to deal with whatever the day likely would bring. Poe Dameron had found her while she meditated and now sat guarding, or just waiting. He was half-asleep and had left his dark hair uncombed and his face unshaved. In short, he bore all the hallmarks of a night well lived, and she smiled to see it. He felt her gaze upon him and his eyes fluttered open. ‘Hello. I was supposed to wake you up, not the other way round.’ ‘I didn’t expect to see any of you until at least lunchtime,’ she joked. Poe’s blinding smile flashed across his face for a moment and melted into concern. ‘I wanted to see how you were. Finn said he felt some discord last night. And well, after your exit…’ ‘Nothing I couldn’t handle.’ She stretched her legs out and pretended to be bolder than she felt. ‘But you all need to start answering my questions fully. About the Battle of Lorrd. What happened? What did Ben do ? Why won’t anyone talk to me? Properly, I mean.’ Something settled on Poe that made his shoulders slump and all the years of wearying battle weigh upon his face. ‘What do you want to know?’ ‘What happened while I was in that coma? Why did the Governor’s sister think Ben-’ ‘You’re asking the wrong questions, kid.’ ‘What?’ ‘You need…’ Poe rubbed his eyes with both hands and yawned. ‘God, this hangover. Listen, you’re asking the wrong questions.’ ‘Why are you all sworn to secrecy?’ ‘Wrong question. You’ve always asked the wrong questions and that made it easier for us to… tell a version of the truth.’ She bristled at his admission of guilt but pushed it aside almost reflexively. ‘What’s the right question?’ ‘Well… for a start: what’s the last thing you remember from before the coma?’ ‘That’s a stupid question!’ she blurted and immediately realised he had a point: what did she remember? She sat and considered this for some time, but Poe remained patiently with her. ‘I remember… well, I mean…’ ‘Do you remember being on the base at D’Qar?’ ‘Yes, of course! I mean…’ The Force swirled around as she realised that the hole in her memory was not quite as limited as she’d believed. ‘I remember…’ ‘Let me help you out: do you remember when Ben arrived?’ ‘Ben? Ben was never on D’Qar!’ Poe nodded firmly, mentally answering his own silent question. ‘Then the question you need to ask is: what happened before you ended up in a bacta tank for a week and comatose for another five?’ ‘Like you’ll tell me the truth,’ she sniped, pulling at some of the blue grass. ‘I will always tell you the truth. I might not have told you the entire truth before, but I’ve never lied. And I’ll be honest: I didn’t know you had such a gap.’ ‘What happened before ? Poe, tell me!’ ‘Do you remember the warmest night?’ Rey paused. Yes, she did. ‘The party. Yes, of course I remember the party!’ ‘Do you remember what happened the next day?’ Another hesitation. ‘I… I’m not sure… No, no I don’t. Poe, what happened to me?’ ‘I can only tell you what I know from what you told me then, OK?’ ‘Tell me!’ * D’Qar , Quite Some Time Ago. The Resistance base on D’Qar was the longest-established and best-guarded of any in the galaxy, and it was certain that the First Order knew about it. It was only a matter of time before the First Order came knocking. Knocking with blasters and ion cannons. Rey now detested the base. Her isolation on Jakku and her hermit-like training with Luke on Ahch-To had not trained her to deal with hundreds of other people. Part of her wanted desperately to enjoy the company of others. She wanted to make friends and cast aside her own loneliness but she simply didn’t know how and it was too overwhelming when others tried, and she didn’t trust their motives. She had made some progress: she now ate almost every meal in the refectory with Finn, Poe and other pilots and engineers. She could talk about ships and mechanics until the sun went down, so conversation in that regard was no difficulty. It was exhausting, though. She never found it difficult to fall asleep, but the dreams were occasionally a little too much. Rey had been able to feel Kylo Ren to one degree or another since their first unfriendly, mind-shredding interaction. She had worked hard to keep her end of the unwanted Bond closed and to ignore him, but she found her power weakest when she slept. She and Luke had trained most intensively on this point, but she feared what might occur. At times such as those, she wished to be back on Ahch-To. On Ahch-To she’d often wished to be back, to be with Finn and the friendships she’d barely started to create. Luke had smiled and said it was human nature to want what one did not have, and reminded her to focus on the Force and put it aside. Jedi were above mere petty human nature and looked beyond their own personal desires to find meaning in the greater whole. She tried, anyway. It was easier once she didn’t have to think about where her next meal was coming from, when she could put aside the concerns of basic survival. Luke had grown up on a desert planet as she had, but he had had his aunt and uncle, he had never had to face the real possibility of starving or dying of thirst. He spoke of his Uncle Owen and Aunt Beru from time to time. Of his own selfish whims and wishes as a young man. How he had wanted nothing more than to leave the harsh sands of Tatooine behind and become a pilot. Of how once he wanted to bring the Jedi Order back from beyond the graveyard of history. On one particularly stormy night on Ahch-To, when they were bundled up in blankets in the hut, trying to keep the fire from dying out in the damp air, he talked quite openly about his own failures. ‘Sometimes,’ he then said, ‘I dream of being back there. Of waking up to the smell of Aunt Beru’s cooking and finding them both in the kitchen, ready for another day. I wonder what would’ve happened if I’d done as asked, if I’d remained with them. Then I remember that the Force will have its way, and had I not gone with Obi-Wan, I would’ve died, or would’ve been taken by the Empire then.’ Luke paused to poke the fire back to life, and to add a few more slightly damp sticks to it. the moisture in the fuel made the fire smoky and Rey coughed lightly. Outside, the gale whipped fiercely but the ancient hut stood firm as it had for countless decades. Luke sipped at his tea and released a long, heavy sigh before resuming his monologue. ‘I wonder what would’ve happened if I had stayed with Master Yoda to complete my training. Had I had full training, I might have been a better teacher myself. I did not know then that my fate would include trying to pass the Jedi ways onto others. I didn’t know and I didn’t care, if I am honest. I cared only about finding my friends. If I had made a wiser choice, Ben might not have turned. My teachings would’ve been better. Would’ve been-’ Rey cut in then: ‘If you hadn’t saved your friends, they might’ve been killed. Then your nephew wouldn’t have been born at all.’ Luke smiled darkly then. ‘So in conclusion, the Force will have its way.’ Rey nodded wryly, having made his point for him, and gulped her lukewarm tea. It was bitter and she winced. ‘I didn’t know then that there was so little left. The Archives were destroyed. Most Jedi were killed under the Emperor’s Order 66. Most, it has to be said, by my own father. What was left, what I managed to retrieve, was then destroyed when Ben and his friends took the Academy down. The Force will have its way, but even I question the wisdom of it sometimes. Perhaps the Jedi Order was meant to die and not return. Maker knows there’s enough criticism of it.’ He poked at the fire to stir the embers into action, and said no more. They fell asleep to the sounds of the tempestuous weather and awoke to a clear blue sky and gentle waves lapping upon the beach. General Organa sent a message on that peaceful morning, asking them both to return to D’Qar. To Rey’s surprise, Luke agreed and they left the next morning. They continued her training each morning, and helped the Resistance in the afternoons. Luke was an experienced military advisor and Rey was as good at fixing ships as she was scavenging their wrecks. Months passed. The Resistance continued to experience small-scale skirmishes with the First Order, but otherwise the galaxy was quiet and Rey found herself on the base wishing to be back on Ahch-To. Still, her skill with the Force was greater than ever and the training she did with Luke each morning made her stronger and stronger. She loved her afternoons, spend elbow deep in one machine or another… and so she considered herself essentially content with the situation as it was. Rey didn’t believe for a standard second that it could last. The First Order were surely not sitting on their hands any more than the Resistance was, but for now… she was content. ‘Rey! Oh, little baby Jedi?’ Rey was at that very moment under the chassis of a troop transport, trying to stop an oil leak getting worse so that she could fix the problem. Many of the ships the Resistance had were very old and the parts they could get were just as ancient. Maintenance was constant, necessary work. This particular ship was so old that it had been used during the Clone Wars. Being older than Rey was one thing; being older than any of the generals, quite another. Chewbacca had found a method of customising parts from newer ships, which certainly helped, but this was an eternal losing hand. Someone had come up with the title “Baby Jedi” and she hated it. It was demeaning and patronising, and spoke to her fellow rebels’ lack of faith in her abilities. She hadn’t had to use her skills yet, but that didn’t mean they didn’t exist. Poe insisted that they meant no harm by it, but she wasn’t used to people using mockery in a friendly way, and she didn’t believe him. She rolled out from under the ship. Farron Azadi stood with his shoulder against the side of the ship, smirking down at her. He was a human from Lothal and considered himself the next Poe Dameron (to which the real Poe Dameron had merely replied there was no current vacancy). Rey felt uneasy around him most of the time, feeling something unpleasant in the Force. Not dark, just unpleasant. ‘Can I help you?’ He flashed a smile at her. ‘Warmest night of the planetary year tonight. Party at the lake. You’ll be there.’ It was not phrased as a question. ‘Perhaps. I might be busy.’ ‘Busy with what?’ he scoffed. ‘Everyone will be there.’ ‘I’ll see. Now, I’m really busy presently, so-’ She tried to roll back, but Azadi stopped the board with his foot. ‘You really should come.’ ‘Even I know that invitations aren’t supposed to sound threatening, Farron.’ ‘No threat. You just… come along. I’ll make it worth your while.’ And there it was. Rey knew that some of the pilots had an informal bet about who would be the first to get Rey into a bunk. Poe swore it was all in good fun (and he wasn’t taking part, naturally) but this was not fun . ‘Come on,’ he pressed. ‘You can even get dressed up like a real girl.’ She sat up on the board. ‘You might be surprised to learn that I’m not enticed by insults. Go away.’ He scoffed. ‘You probably don’t know what it feels like to be clean , I guess.’ ‘Again, you’re hardly encouraging me to do as you ask.’ He moved now so that he had one leg on either side of the board and she lay back down in order to escape him, which wasn’t exactly successful. ‘Look,’ he said, sweet as honey. ‘It’s overwhelming for a girl like you. I’m overwhelming. But once you start, you won’t want to sto-’ He let out a yelp as he flew up into the air and across the workshop. Farron nearly slammed into the wall, but Rey’s control over the Force was masterful now, and he stopped less than an inch from the duracrete, although he hovered about four feet from the floor. ‘I don’t respond well to threats,’ she told him, eerily calm. ‘Or propositions.’ He nodded silently, staring worriedly down at the ground. ‘I will let you down gently,’ she continued. ‘And you and your friends will stop using me to win a bet. I belong to nobody and nothing but the Force.’ He nodded again and she was as good as her word, although she pushed him away so that when his feet did touch the floor, he was nearer the exit than he was to her. Farron ran from the workshop, leaving Rey alone to find her equilibrium again. * Finn and Poe stormed the workshop no more than five minutes later. ‘Where are you, Rey?’ Finn yelled out. ‘Farron is shouting about you throwing him at a wall!’ Poe added. ‘We don’t believe him, but we wanna make sure you’re OK.’ She rolled herself out from under the troop transport yet again. ‘I’m fine. He didn’t like hearing “no”.’ ‘You’d think he’d be better at it, given the practice he gets,’ Poe seethed. ‘We’ll straighten it out.’ ‘Nobody believes him.’ ‘General Organa said as much.’ Rey blinked. ‘You know, it’s really odd when you talk this way.’ Poe blinked himself. ‘What way?’ ‘We don’t talk in a way , Rey.’ ‘We’d notice if we did.’ ‘And I haven’t noticed anything weird.’ ‘Nor have I. ‘Stop!’ Rey laughed and felt the remaining tension leave her. Finn helped her to her feet. ‘Are you coming later? I’d understand if you said no.’ ‘Maybe for a little while but…’ ‘We understand.’ ‘We really do.’ ‘But if you can come, it’d be great.’ ‘And we’ll stop Farron and his idiots bothering you.’ ‘Not that you need help.’ ‘Stop, please just stop!’ Their shared devilish grins were enough to set her laughing again. ‘I’ll think about it.’ ‘If only to shut him up, right?’ ‘And you can always toss him up in the air again.’ ‘Really, the two of you are terrifying sometimes. Are you the ones with the Force Bond?’ ‘No, it just-’ ‘Seems that way.’ * General Organa and Admiral Ackbar were hosting the party and Farron was almost right: nearly everyone was there. Chewbacca stayed away, as he tended to do since Han’s death, along with some of the older staff. The base wasn’t able to supply endless food and drink, but there was a decent choice of galactic alcohol and the kitchen staff had done their best to provide little snacks. The little lakeside beach was lit by a freighter searchlight borrowed for the occasion, casting bright light and shadow in equal measure. General Organa climbed up onto a table and held up a hand. ‘Everyone, may I have your attention!’ She only had to ask once and a hush immediately settled. ‘Thank you. We know how hard you’ve all been working. We know how tough it is to sit and wait for things to happen. Perhaps that’s even tougher than living through battles. I don’t expect this lull to last long, so let us take this, the warmest night, to have some fun, enjoy the company of our friends and comrades. We must trust in each other. We are brothers and sisters in the fight. One day, the person beside you may be the difference between your life and your death.’ No doubt some of this was intended specifically for the likes of Farron Azadi but Rey took it to heart. Leia and Poe and Finn had been encouraging her to mix with the others for that reason. She resolved to do better. ‘And with that, I shall end the shortest speech of my career. Enjoy yourselves tonight!’ Leia stepped down off the table and the party roared into life. Music blasted through the trees. Poe and Jessika Pava were first up to dance, as usual, entreating Finn to join them. Luke was present, hanging at the edges of the party. If the others weren’t quite sure how to treat Rey, they approach Luke with admiration bordering on worship, and she knew he disliked it. She approached him, knowing few others would feel able to. ‘Master Luke, do you want something to drink?’ He shook his head. ‘I won’t stay for long. I tend to… hinder celebrations like this, these days.’ ‘I bet you could party with the best, once upon a time?’ ‘You bet.’ ‘We’re… not like them, are we, Master Luke?’ ‘No, young Padawan, we are not. But that shouldn’t stop you having some fun. Your friends would love for you to dance, I’m sure.’ ‘Oh, no… I don’t dance.’ ‘Have you tried?’ ‘Not really.’ ‘You should try.’ ‘Do or not do; there is no try,’ she tossed out the mantra casually. ‘So, do . Go on. Don’t stand here with an old man. Enjoy yourself. It’s allowed, you know.’ ‘What would the old Jedi Masters say?’ ‘They’d probably say “gee, I wish we’d thought to have more fun before being massacred”. Go on.’ There wasn’t much answer to such a dark answer, even though it was presented in jest. She rolled her eyes and went off to join her friends. When she looked back over, Luke was nowhere to be seen. It was surprisingly easy to enjoy oneself dancing when with friends who didn’t care if she was a terrible dancer. It wasn’t unlike some of her saber forms and the Force was more than willing to help her. It had been dark for an hour or two and the party in full swing for some time, when she felt a feeling akin to a punch in the gut. She stumbled, nearly knocking into Finn and Poe as they danced together. ‘Sorry.’ Finn untangled himself to steady her. ‘Are you ok?’ ‘Yes, of course. Just… Yes.’ She was not. Something was wrong. The Force itself was vibrating around her at a new, unnerving frequency and her utmost feeling was one of foreboding. The party felt silly and unimportant now, rather than harmless fun. What was she doing here? ‘I think it’s time I went back,’ Rey said, receiving a part of Concerned Frowns in return. ‘I’ll be fine.’ Before they could argue, Rey was off, walking back to the base and hoping her sense of foreboding was only a sense. * Chapter 6 : When the Party is Over Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Chapter Six Poe paused in his recall for a yawn so wide it nearly dislocated his jaw. Rey was silent, remembering moments now that some details had been given. She knew how grim she had felt upon leaving the party, but the reasons and what followed were still just out of her grip. If sticking a spike into her brain would give her the memories back, in that moment she would only pause to ask if the spike was sterile. ‘That’s all I know of that time. Sorry.’ ‘Does Finn know anything?’ ‘If he has, he didn’t tell me. Can you meditate and get the memories that way?’ She could’ve cheerfully strangled one of her best friends in that moment. ‘Because I hadn’t thought of that a million times?’ ‘Sorry.’ He rolled his eyes at his own stupidity. ‘I’m really tired.’ ‘Hungover?’ ‘That too.’ ‘Why are you awake and around?’ ‘I was worried about you.’ Poe’s sincerity, his clear belief that it was simply what a friend does, sent hot tears stinging to the back of her eyes. ‘I really wish I could tell you.’ ‘But you swore-‘ Poe shrank into himself, just a little, and didn’t quite meet her eye for a moment. ‘Rey, if I’m absolutely truthful, I don’t know what I saw, or did or didn’t do during the Battle here. If I’ve been vague to you before then sure, partly because Ben demanded our silence but… that was easier than admitting I don’t remember most of it myself.’ He yanked several clumps of blue grass, rolled them in his hands and tossed them away. ‘I don’t remember. I know I took Hux’s formal surrender because I’ve seen the holofilms, but I don’t… I wish- I don’t know what I did. I don’t remember. I could’ve killed a thousand men. I could’ve killed children for all I know. I don’t even know if my brain won’t let me remember because whatever I did was so atrocious.’ ‘Not you, Poe. That’s not who you are!’ ‘Do I know that for sure?’ Several fat tears rolled down his face and she felt more of her own tears spring in solidarity. This was unexpected, to say the least. ‘Rey, I might be a war criminal for all I know, not a hero. I don’t know . So… I do get how you feel, at least a bit. I was here, but… I like to think they’re right when they call me the Hero of Lorrd, but I can’t be certain.’ Rey stared openly, her mouth open a little. It had never even occurred to her that anyone else – least of all the seemingly indestructible Poe Dameron – might feel this way. ‘Oh Poe, I’m sorry! I didn’t…’ He shrugged. ‘I’ve tried very hard to pretend. I read every report I could get and listened to everyone else’s details. It didn’t matter that I couldn’t remember once the official version was published, anyway. I nodded along a lot. I didn’t… I didn’t want to be sent off to some sanatorium for what they laughingly refer to as “recovery”. Sounds as terrible as “reconditioning” to me.’ She reached out and took his hands in hers. ‘I’m sorry. I should’ve noticed.’ ‘No, you shouldn’t. I am…’ he shook his hair dramatically, ‘…a spectacular actor.’ ‘Does Finn know?’ ‘Finn knows everything. He was there and… well, he’s Finn.’ ‘What does he remember?’ ‘Different things. We were in different quadrants. We didn’t dare fight alongside each other.’ ‘Why not?’ Poe’s brilliant smile flared and faded into sorrow. ‘If one of us fell, so would the other.’ Rey’s eyes burned with tears she refused to shed. Had she done anything but cry, or nearly cry, since arriving on Lorrd? She missed that sort of devotion, missed being adored as Poe and Finn adored each other. ‘Does Finn know anything about what happened to me? More than you do?’ ‘No. Get into my head and see if you like.’ She shook her head with such vehemence that her neck ached. ‘I believe you.’ Offering to let a Force user into one’s head was a big deal and she did not need him to prove himself. Instead, she sent what soothing comfort she could manage through the Force to him. His shoulders relaxed and the furrows in his face faded. ‘Want to grab some lunch?’ he asked. ‘I bet Finn will be awake by now. Grumpy, but awake.’ ‘That sounds nice.’ * The Governor had arranged for all his guests to have lunch in his private roof garden at the top of the palace. It was a small, cozy space hidden from view by high walls and more of the rich Lorrdian nature Rey was quickly becoming fond of. A round table heaved with food and two droids bustled around bringing drinks and more food. Governor Brusche and Taleesh were already there when Rey and Poe arrived. Finn shuffled up shortly afterwards, neat and tidy but clearly still hungover. He sank into the seat next to Poe, who immediately took his hand. Rey’s affection for both friends blossomed even as underneath she felt the sting of loss for herself. Rey tried very hard not to grab at every possible dish on the table, tried to make sure she only took a little of each so that everyone could have a chance, so that she did not pile her plate high… so that she did not violate the etiquette rules that nearly everyone in the galaxy seemed to know and care about. Taleesh started on a long, excited story about the day before and Rey listened, grateful for the distraction. Apparently all the children in the city had had their own special party while the adults drowned their sorrows. There had been cake and games. Leia arrived, elegant and beautiful as always, but with a pinched, closed expression that Rey recognised as “after a long and difficult talk with Ben”. ‘I’m sorry I’m late,’ she told Brusche, who was not at all offended. ‘My son needed me.’ ‘Is Ben coming to eat with us?’ Taleesh’s face lit up like a Coruscanti billboard. ‘Not today, my dear. He’s very tired. He’ll be around later, I’m sure.’ Rey kept her head down. She wanted to talk to Leia about the war, but the general was clearly already drained. Could it wait? As lunch continued on its pleasant, meaningless way, it became clear to Rey that it could not wait much longer. She had been in the dark long enough. Rather than speaking, she sent a ripple through the Force. Leia met her gaze and nodded. Lunch over, the great general rose up. ‘Rey, might you accompany me on my walk? I feel a need to stretch my legs.’ Rey agreed and they made their way down and out of the palace into the gardens where Rey had already spent much of her day. Leia did not speak until they were well away from the palace. There was no sound but that of the breeze in the flora and of occasional wildlife nearby. Leia paced a moment, then set her shoulders and met Rey’s unyielding gaze. ‘Ben told me about what happened last night. Thank you for being there for him. Again. Despite everything.’ Rey shrugged. ‘I wouldn’t leave anyone to suffer alone.’ Leia’s right eyebrow rose up and her face creased into a fond smile. ‘That’s the Jedi in you.’ ‘I’m not a Jedi.’ ‘If you say so.’ Rey pulled away from Leia. ‘I’m not.’ ‘You’re kind, brave and use the Force for good, and your instinct is always to help people. That’s the purest kind of Jedi, as far as I’m concerned.’ ‘What happened?’ Rey snapped. ‘It’s time to tell me the truth. All of it.’ Leia’s little shoulders drooped. ‘Ben mentioned that as well. That meddling woman-‘ ‘She thought I knew.’ ‘She was trying to get a rise out you,’ Leia disagreed. ‘Urschula Brusche is a scheming- never mind.’ ‘I don’t care about her! I want to know what happened. I’ve always wanted to know and I allowed you all to tell me lies and half-truths and I’m sick of it.’ Rey remembered Poe’s remarks about the wrong questions. ‘I want to know how I ended up in a coma, I want to know what happened here during the war and I want to know why nobody will tell me.’ Leia nodded once. ‘Very well. Let us find somewhere to sit.’ They found a small metal bench nestled amongst yet more blue flowers that stood on bright pink stalks at the edge of a small, glittering pond in which small blue fish swam. Uncertainty rolled off General Organa in a way that neither woman was accustomed to. Leia settled herself down and waited for Rey to join her. ‘Everything I have ever done,’ Leia began, ‘Was for the greater good. Everything with Ben – everything – comes back to that. For better or worse, I made my choices for the greater good. And the path to the Dark Side is so often paved with best intentions.’ ‘Was Ben on D’Qar? Before whatever happened to me? Poe thinks he was but I don’t remember!’ Distress roiled through Rey’s stomach. Leia took Rey’s rough hands in her own warm, soft, perfect hands. Not for the first time, Rey wondered what her own mother’s grasp had been like. ‘Meditate with me?’ Biting back tears of nostalgia and uncertainty, Rey nodded once, curtly. * D’Qar , on the warmest night of the year . Rey followed her nose all the way back into and through the main base until she reached an isolated and rarely used block on the eastern edge of the compound. It was only used for long-term storage and there was no need for anyone to be inside late at night. Yet there it was, a dim light glowing in the high windows. A TIE fighter – of all the things! – was parked very badly a short distance away and every single one of Rey’s nerves was on edge. She squared her shoulders, took a few deep breaths, and opened the door. She saw Master Luke first, in the centre of the room, surrounded by boxes and crates, standing over something or someone. General Organa was on her knees, rocking back and forth. What in all the galaxy was going on? She edged further into the room, making as little noise as her soft shoes would allow. She had kept herself cloaked since leaving the party, such was her sense of something . General Organa was not alone. She cradled a figure, and after a moment it became obvious this was not just someone . Rey knew what she had felt, where the foreboding came from, and the pile of shaking black robes merely confirmed it: Kylo Ren was here. His mother ’s arms rocked him as though he were a baby and not the huge, hulking Master of the Knights of Ren, the First Order’s most notorious enforcer. Luke turned, not at all surprised to see Rey. He looked yet more grim than she had ever seen him, which was saying something. ‘Don’t be afraid, Rey.’ ‘I’m not afraid,’ she scoffed as she stepped forward. ‘Not of him .’ Luke held up his hand and she was frozen. The last person to successfully hold her like that was Ren, and she now realised how much power Master Luke held back every single day while training her. Still, she was powerful herself and broke away after just a moment. She took several long steps closer, the better to take some form of action. Rey was struck that, finally faced with the chance, she did not want to kill Ren. She did not want to beat him until he was a bloody wreck on the floor. She had always expected that to be her reaction to meeting him again. Perhaps it was her Jedi training coming to the fore… or perhaps it was the realisation that someone else had got there first. His fine black robes, once so menacing, were all but shredded. His mask was a dented crunch of metal at his side. His long dark hair was matted with dried blood and the scar Rey once left was the least of the problems with his face when considering the swollen eye and busted lower lip. His left arm hung awkwardly and not at all naturally at his side. ‘He’s coming,’ Ren repeated over and over again, voice thick from pain and what sounded like a cracked jawbone. ‘He’s coming and you have to get out of here.’ ‘We will,’ Leia replied, voice soft and soothing in a way Rey was told mothers found natural. ‘Dear boy, let me fetch a medi-droid.’ ‘No!’ He tried to release himself from Leia’s embrace, but somehow she kept him close. ‘I need to go back.’ ‘Go back?’ Rey asked, before she could stop herself. Ren looked up at her. His eyes – or rather, the one eye that wasn’t swollen shut – narrowed at her. His entire attitude hardened. ‘Get out.’ ‘What are you doing here?’ ‘He came to tell us that the First Order is on its way, per Snoke’s orders,’ Leia replied. ‘You shouldn’t be here, Rey.’ ‘Why not? I’m Master Luke’s padawan! I have a right to know! So does everyone on this base! You brought the Order here, Ren!’ ‘He didn’t,’ Luke replied, maddeningly serene in the circumstances ‘He’s been informing on them for some time.’ ‘Since when? Since before or after he killed his own father?’ Rey felt the fury from all three Skywalkers and shrank away a little, but just a little. ‘Or the children at the Jedi Academy.’ ‘Rey,’ Luke began anew. ‘You don’t know the whole story. You- he’s here now and he’s here to help. That’s all that you need to worry about.’ ‘When?’ Leia asked Ren, not caring about Rey’s personal conflicts at the moment. ‘When do they get here?’ ‘Hux will have them here in a few hours. You need to get out.’ ‘Luke, order the evacuation of non-combat staff and whoever is in the med-bay.’ Luke nodded and swept out of the room, brown robes billowing in a broad wave behind him. Leia began to stand, but Ren was an obstacle. ‘Rey, help me help Ben to his feet.’ ‘What?’ ‘It wasn’t a request.’ Rey obeyed then, and it occurred to her that she did not feel anything remotely approaching hostility, or even anything especially Dark, from Kylo Ren. Cold, but not Dark. Probably because he was too badly hurt. ‘Is the TIE Fighter yours, then? What did you tell them you were going to do?’ ‘I said I was going to scout ahead.’ ‘You?’ She felt the lie more than heard it. ‘Kylo Ren isn’t a scout .’ ‘I said I would snatch you out of the base. The Supreme Leader doesn’t want to risk you being killed.’ ‘Me? What have I got to do with anything?’ Ren rolled his good eye at his mother. ‘Is she really so dense?’ ‘Sheltered, Ben,’ Leia corrected. ‘You’re the most powerful Force user left except the Supreme Leader. And me, of course.’ ‘Oh, of course .’ ‘He wants you.’ ‘He can’t have me.’ ‘I know that. You know that. He doesn’t.’ ‘Did he do this to you?’ Nothing from Ren but a wave of shame. Yes . His own mentor… Rey was unexpectedly furious on his behalf. Sorry for Kylo Ren? That was new. ‘Don’t pity me!’ Ren spat blood onto the floor and coughed. Rey and Leia managed to haul him to his feet then, although he was unsteady. She tried and failed to stifle a particularly scornful crack of laughter. ‘Your so-called Supreme Leader can’t think much of my abilities if he thinks you can overpower me while you’re in this state.’ ‘My… training… was conducted before this plan was devised. The Supreme Leader knows that you’ll come voluntarily, in any case.’ ‘Not in a million lightyears.’ ‘If it meant saving everyone here.’ Rey’s stomach felt like it dropped into the soles of her boots. ‘What?’ ‘That’s the deal. You come with me, we don’t blow this base to smithereens.’ ‘You can’t possibly trust this!’ she yelped at Leia. For all she knew, it was all a lie. Why would Kylo Ren allow himself to be seen so badly beaten, if not to consciously inspire her pity and sympathy? Once upon a time, Rey had thought to herself that Luke Skywalker had the oldest eyes in the galaxy. She now knew that that dubious honour was held by his sister, the woman who had seen her home planet turned to smithereens after being tortured by her own father and whose own son had killed her great love. Leia had seen new hopes come and go without ever really succeeding. Despite of – or because – of her experience, Leia replied: ‘Trust? No. Hope? Yes, I do. Now, we should patch him up as best we can, before he goes.’ After some basic first aid consisting of pain relief and bacta patches, one of the most feared people in the galaxy was helped back to his ship by two of the rarest specimens in the galaxy: a Rebel Alliance general and a Jedi. Kylo Ren fixed Rey in his sights. ‘Are you coming?’ ‘The choice is the annihilation of this base within a couple of hours, or meeting Snoke and probably being tortured and dying a painful death?’ ‘I will do my best to keep you from the latter but… yes.’ Rey squared her shoulders and touched Leia’s shoulder lightly. ‘If you could arrange some kind of rescue plan that doesn’t endanger too many people, I’d really appreciate it.’ Leia nodded. ‘We’re already on it.’ ‘Evacuate as many people as you can,’ Kylo Ren told his mother. ‘I can’t guarantee that the Order won’t pummel you anyway.’ Leia rolled her eyes. ‘Way, way ahead of you, kid.’ Something about the turn of phrase made them both flinch, and Rey tried to break the moment by noisily tapping the side of the TIE fighter. ‘Are you even able to fly this thing?’ she asked. She felt more than saw his contempt for her. ‘Usually I have full use of two arms.’ ‘Which is unusual for a Skywalker,’ his mother said without thinking. Ren did not acknowledge his mother at all before he climbed painfully up into the ship. Rey went to bid the general farewell but upon seeing tears in her eyes, chose discretion as her form of valour and merely nudged her slightly through the Force. Hopefully, Leia was reassured that Rey would do her best to stay alive but there was nothing left but to follow Kylo Ren. Ren had stuffed himself into the small passenger seat. ‘If you do anything but take us to the Finalizer, your friends will be killed.’ She began pre-flight checks, relieved that a TIE was not much different to any other ship in its essentials. ‘That much I understand. I’m doing as you demand, Ren.’ Rey started up the TIE without any further fanfare. Across the base, the beginnings of an evacuation were stirring and she sent a prayer into the Force itself that the people would be kept safe. ‘Come on then,’ he snapped. ‘Stop daydreaming.’ They took off and as the ship rose up into the atmosphere, they could see the partygoers rushing back from the lake. It was silent in the ship until they were out of D’Qar’s atmosphere. Ren clung to consciousness with little more than determination, and it really was impressive how much agony he could endure and remain functional – after a fashion. ‘How long until we reach your ship?’ she asked, reaching behind to pull his good hand away from the wound he continually prodded. He hissed and snatched his hand back. ‘I’ve put the coordinates into the navicomputer. Not long. Like I said, Hux isn’t far away.’ ‘You’d better not be- Well, you just better not be lying.’ ‘I’m not. If you were half the Jedi you should be, you could tell quite easily.’ ‘What?’ ‘This ridiculous Bond between us. I know we’re both very good at shielding the other – and I am quite impressed by your skill – but you could still see into my thoughts if you wanted to.’ ‘I don’t want to be anywhere near your mind.’ ‘Not even for the good of your friends?’ ‘You could have placed false memories or feelings-’ ‘Just do it.’ ‘I don’t want to!’ ‘I need you to believe me. It won’t be- it won’t be like the first time, I promise.’ ‘Fine.’ She seethed, letting the feeling filter through to him as she busied herself with the business of piloting the ship. Yet, once in hyperspace there was really very little to do in a TIE fighter except stare outwards, and that was dreadfully dangerous. So instead, Rey took several deep and steadying breaths, and went to enter Kylo Ren’s mind. It was cold and dark and she shivered physically, though the TIE’s temperature was adequate. Kylo Ren was telling the truth. She could feel the agony of his injuries as a grotesque grey creature inflicted them and instructed Ren to bring the girl . Kylo Ren was telling the truth about everything. He had made contact with the resistance via two different smuggler gangs and a rogue member of the First Order’s science division, only a short time after the death of Han Solo. He had hidden his identity to each link in the espionage trail until at long last, he met Luke Skywalker on a grim swamp planet. Now , she finally knew where Luke had disappeared to in the week following their return to D’Qar. The reasons why Ren had turned were concealed behind hefty mental shields, but she could sense Ren’s betrayal upon realising that killing his father brought neither peace nor true darkness. Did Snoke know that? How could Ren have hidden it? Ren’s mind was open to her, but she had no desire to root around in it. The vague and bleak darkness morphed into something that appeared more real: a room. There was a boy here. A small boy with a mess of dark hair sat under a black metal desk in an office high above even the tallest of Coruscant’s towers. He was singing quietly to himself and floating a small speeder toy with nothing more than his thoughts – he did not need a hand signal to focus his power. Rey stepped closer to him. ‘Hello. Are you Ben?’ He looked up and blinked several times. ‘Who are you? How do you know my name?’ ‘You invited me here.’ ‘Did I? I’ve never done that before.’ ‘How long have you been here all by yourself?’ Ben shrugged, but the speeder toy lost a little of its velocity. ‘I don’t know.’ ‘Mind if I sit?’ ‘If you want.’ Rey sank onto her knees near the desk. ‘My name is Rey.’ ‘Yes, I know.’ He paused, dark little brows furrowed together. ‘I don’t know how I know that, but I do. Have we met?’ She smiled, in spite of herself. ‘Yes, we have.’ ‘Are we friends?’ ‘I don’t think so.’ Her smile faded, as did his shimmer of hope. ‘Oh. You seem nice, though.’ Rey was confused: Was this a memory of Ben’s true young self, or was this a manifestation of the man’s soul? Was it a personification of the lighter side of him? He hovered the speeder over to her and let it drop lightly into her lap. ‘For me?’ ‘If you want it.’ She picked it up and nearly dropped it again: it was a perfect scale replica of the speeder she’d built herself almost from scratch. ‘Where did you get this?’ ‘I don’t know. Sometimes I know things and I don’t know where they came from.’ ‘Really?’ ‘One day I woke up and I could levitate. That was super-cool but my mom was angry-‘ ‘Why was she angry?’ ‘Because I shouldn’t know how to do that. Not when I’m only small.’ ‘Did you ever remember where you learnt it?’ He shrugged again. ‘Maybe my shadow told me.’ ‘Shadow?’ ‘Yeah. When the lights go out, there are shadows and mine talks to me. He tells me things.’ ‘Like what?’ ‘Like…’ he shrugged again. ‘Like all kinds of things. I dunno.’ ‘Like…’ she took a breath and took a punt. ‘Does your shadow tell you about how nobody loves you? Like you’re terrible and you should embrace the Dark Side?’ Ben was silent, but the desk began to shake. ‘He said not to tell anyone. That if I told my mom, she’d send me away forever. But she doesn’t care-‘ ‘Oh Ben, you’re very wrong. I happen to know your mother loves you dearly. So does… so does your Dad.’ ‘No! No, he doesn’t!’ ‘Yes, he does. I know it doesn’t always seem that way but-‘ The world went blank. * Notes: Thank you for all the comments so far! Hopefully this is starting to answer some of your questions!