Chapter 1: Problems It was a breezy day on the planet of Dqar, the rebel base seemed empty. Rey was on some planet getting taught the force by Luke. Finn was still recovering from the crazy fight on Starkiller months ago. Only Leia and Poe seemed to be on the base. Oh, and BB-8. Don't forget BB-8. REbels slept or did missions, but so many were out sharing the news of the Destruction of the Starkiller base. Inside, Poe sat on the edge of a bed, waiting for something to do. BB-8 Sat at his feet bored. She was randomly projecting images of planets and stars to try to pass the time. Poe sighed.. “There is literally nothing to do.” Poe said sadly. “Nothing crazy or new, and Black leader is down…” Then, a golden haired man limped into the room. His golden hair seemed to be dull, and his posture was sad. “Threepio, what's wrong?” Poe asked. Threepio looked away, a tear running down his cheek. Threepio sat on the bed next to Poe, and BB-8 rolled to Threepio's thin foot, then turned to a Girl. She sat next to Threepio and patted his back, like she knew what was going on. “See, I...I… I’m pregnant.” Threepio sobbed and put his hands on his face. BB-8 fell over and Poe gasped. “Who, is the father?” Poe asked. “Some rebel did, i don't remember, i was stoned.” Poe thought for a minute. BB-8 was motherly wiping Threepio's tears with a sheet of cloth. Pole was mad. Who raped Threepio? Poe was going to find out. Poe stood up and looked at Threepio. “It was a guy, right?” Poes asked. “Yes.” Threepio sniffed. Poe walked out. Then Poe looked at a holobook of the Rebels names. Then, he made a copy of all the boy rebels names and pictures. Then, Poe walked up to threepio. “Hey, is these guys any of them?” Poe asked. Threepio studied them closely. “I know he had brown hair…” Threepio mumbled. Well That got divided in half.Poe thought. Later that doy five rebels came back from Jakku and Tatooine. Only two had brown hair. Poe Dameron made it his duty to find out who raped Threepio. One rebel was suspicious. POe looked around at his profile. Nothing. He had a family and he was a good guy. The dudes wife and 2 boys lived on the base. Poe was sure he could cut him out of the chase. But there was still 14 more Men that were in the chase. and Poe would find out who is was. POe was reading threw a bunch of reviews of the rebels when a knock sounded on the office door. The, the brown bunned Rey stepped in. “Oh, hi Rey.” Rey smiled and asked “Hey, is finn alright?” Poe nodeed. “Yah, Oh, hey, um, can you help me?” Poe asked Rey. “um, ok…” Rey timidly responded. Later, Rey was standing over the bed of Finn, wanting him to wake up. Then, a tingling sensation in the force consumed her. Then, Finn's eyes opened. “You are the most beautiful thing i have woke up to.” Finn cooed. Rey knelt Down and Kissed him full on the lips. “Hey, there's a problem.” Rey said to Finn. “What?’ “Threepio is pregnant...he was raped.” Rey said. Finn Jolted up. “What? I WILL MURDER WHO DID THAT!!!” Finn said. “Well, there is a lead. That someone who raped him, was a guy and has brown hair.” Rey said. “Well, i Poe in this?” Finn said. “Yes! He has been determined to find who raped him.” Rey said, with hope. A hour or 2 later...Artoo trotted off the Falcon, Arms swaying and Hair flowing. She was happy about getting to see Luke Skywalker, but now she wanted to see her Big Brother. Artoo skipped down the halls, until she came t a room that she was sure Threepio was in. She knocked, but no reply. She then opened the door. Everything was tidy and neat, but no Threepio. The bed was also rumpled, so.. To Artoo, something was off. Artoo then set off to look for him. Then, when she pasted where they ate, she saw a glimpse of gold. Then Artoo trotted back. It was Threepio, sitting with a plate of...high in fats and carbs food? Pizza? Cake? Bread? Artoo almost giggled, but then she knew that something was wrong. She walked up to Threepio, tapped his shoulder, and sighed Why Are you eating fat people food? Threepio looked at her and shook his head like it's no big deal. What is it? Artoo signed “I’m...Pregnant Artoo, i was raped.” Threepio said, placing his hand on his belly, that was not swollen with child yet. Artoo was thrilled, but horrified. Who raped her innocent brother? Artoo sighed who did it, and her Brother said. “I don’t know… i was out cold.” Artoo gasped. She then placed a small hand on Threepios belly, and signed, It will be ok. Chapter 2 : Chapter 2: Month 3 Summary: C-3PO is three months pregnant. He experiences first pregnancy pains and cravings. Rey finds out something about Threepio. Poe Dameron can't find any thing about the rapist, which makes him more desperate. But then C-3PO's memory clears little. Notes: STAR WARS BEAUTIFUL STAR WARS BEAUTIFUL STAR WARS LOVE IT SO MUCH!!! Hey, if you read this, please comment "I read this" and give me a rating. 3 months later, the search was still on. Poe, BB-8, Rey, and Finn looked threw fills without Leia's permission, snooped on conversations, and looked at certain suspects. But none seemed to be really evident. Also, Threepio tried to get into droid form again, but it was hard. His swollen-with-child belly was in the way of some metal, and it was painful to even stand. BB-8 and R2D2 worked together to help keep C3PO comfortable. But even if C3PO moved a little bit, he would moan and cry out in pain. If Threepio ate anything sometimes, he would throw up. But when he did not have nausea, he would eat a lot. R2D2 stayed at Threepios bed side when he was in droid form. But one day, R2D2 noticed Threepio wasn't in bed. Artoo found him outside, sitting contently, with Finn and Rey sitting with him. Rey and Finn were smiling in the warm autumn air.They were sitting on some steps leading out to the main hanger with Threepio. He was in Human form, and he was trying to cover his slightly swollen belly from Rebels that were passing by. Rey was holding her hands in her lap, and Finn was sitting on the other side of Threepio, smiling. Threepio then shivered as a gust of wind passed them. “Are you ok Threeps?” Rey asked. Threepio shook his head yes. “Oh...may i?” Rey asked, Extending Her hand toward Threepio's belly. “Oh, sure…” Threepio said timidly. But Rey did’nt just place her hand on his stomach, she prodded into his belly and when around as Threepio cringed. “it’s...It’s… I can’t believe it.” Rey said surprised. She took her hand off threepio's belly. “W...w...what is it?” Threepio said nervously. “Your Pregnant...with TWINS!!” REy said excitedly. “How did you find out.” Threepio said almost crying. “The Force.” Rey bragged. Threepio Then wiped a few tears off his cheeks and forcingly smiled. “Wonderful;.” Threepio said, slightly sarcastic. Rey then put a hand on his shoulder. “Are you ok? Are you thinking about abortion?” REy said sadly. “Actually, yes, i was.” Threepio said. “DON’T!!!” Rey and Finn yelled together. “Why?” “because , we think you would be a good...father.” Finn said. “Oh…” Threepio said. Then Artoo appeared behind them and signed to him Yes...Yes you would, and if you don’t want them, I’ll raise them. Artoo Said. Threepio looked down at his stomach, then at Little sister. “Ok, i will not go threw the abortion.” Threepio said Placing his hand on his belly contently. It was the middle of the night, and poe was up trying to find the culprit. Threepio's pregnancy would start to show, and if the Rapist found out, he would probably do something to C3PO, so Poe had to interfer. Then a soft knock sounded on the door. The, Threepio in droid form looked in. “I...I… noticed that you haven't had anything to eat, so I brought you something.” Threepio set a tray down next to Poe and backed away. A sandwich lay on the tray with a napkin and a glass of water. “Need anything more Master Dameron?” Threepio asked. Poe studied Threepio for a second. He seemed tired and wear, and he didn't hide his slightly enlarged belly from view. “You can sit down.” Poe said firm but soft voice. Threepio stood there, but then sat down on a sofa next to the desk. Threepio sighed with relief. Threepio seemed a little content to take his feet off the ground. Poe smiled. “So, how is the baby?” Poe asked. Then, Threepio replied “you mean Babies.” Poe gasped. “TWINS???” POe asked surprised. “Yes.” Threepio said, growing sleepy. “Oh, Rey found out, right?” Poe asked “Yup.” Threepio said. Poe relaxed back into his chair. Then he heard Threepio mumble something “He had blue eyes…” The Poe lept up. “Who?” “The...person.” “Threepio, you remember that now?” “A little…” Threepio said. “Tell me, what happened that night?” Poe asked. “Well, see,” Threepio said, “It was the middle of the night, and i was thirsty. I was a human, and i was wondering around, trying to find the kitchen. Then, I was hit from the behind. I tripped, and Suddenly turned to a droid. A cloaked figure stood above me, while I tried to get off of the floor. Then i saw Blazing blue eyes and brown hair out of the cloke. He was human. Then, he kicked me, picked me up, and threw me into the service closet. I was lying there shaking when he put something in my mouth and down my throat then I was out.” Threepio finished the story, and Poe thought. What? Who would do that? Poe thought. Then Poe then remembered what Threepio said…”He had blazing blue eyes... shoved something in my mouth and down my throat then I was out.” Poe only knew 5 rebels with brown hair and blue eyes.” but none were in possession of drugs. Everyone was checked every week or after they got back from a mission. Poe looked at Threepio,who was looking lick he would fall asleep any moment. “Hey Threeps, you should get to sleep, you know, with your babies…” Poe said. Threepio nodded with relief, stood up and walked out of the room. Threepio looked a little stronger, but not strong enough. Poe knew he had anew lead, a new hope Chapter 3 : Chapter 3: Month 5 Summary: Threeps starts getting the kicks. Rey goes on a urgent mission to a planet that has a Jedi temple (but that does not matter) Poe has his suspisions And Leia gets involved... Notes: (Btw, I'm basing Threepios pregnancy after the 9 months of human pregnancy, and i advise you to read Defectors by TheSilentUnderworld http://archiveofourown.org/works/5710594 oh, and please comment if you have read this and give me a rating. Month 5. It was dark and cold in the base. Winter had come. Snow was dumped from dark clouds that would never go until spring came along. Threepio originally loved the snow, and winter, and how he did not even have to squint to see, but, now the cold was very cold. Threepio stayed in the base, shivering on a chair. But one day, something happened. Threepio was sitting on a chair, listening to Poe tell Finn about gun maintenance, when Threepio felt something, a kick. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the The Galaxy Far Far Away series