Being the general’s secretary was not what I imagined myself doing on the Finalizer. I was good shot, a talented pilot and a scientist. I dreamed of getting a position in Science Departament, maybe even running it myself someday. Instead, all I got to do was dealing with whiny soldiers who demanded general’s attention immidiately , doing the job Hux felt himself above doing on his own and of course, being his personal punching bag when things went awry. Well, he never actually hit me. But he liked to shout at me, give me additional work and sometimes throw something in my general direction. I took it all with as much patience as one can expect. The frustration, however, was getting to me these days and I couldn’t help but wonder when I will finally snap and tell Hux what I think genuinely about him. Seeing none other than Kylo Ren entering my office, I knew this day would come sooner than I’d desire. I had no will to end up in air lock, but perhaps, it’d be much preferable over putting up with both of my superiors throwing tantrums and their aftermath. I barely held back a pained groan when Commander Ren turned towards me. “Is the general in his office?” he asked, mask strangely modulating his voice. Surprisingly, Ren never gave me that much trouble and he seemed to actually tolerate my presence, unlike Hux who always looked like he interacted with me only out of absolute necessity. Master Ren, however, did nothing that could put me in trouble nor unleashed his anger on me. I appreciated that, knowing he was very prone to his fits of rage and destruction. “He is. I will check if he’s busy.” I replied, politely. Ren only gave me a single nod as I approached the door. I knocked gently. “Come in.” came curt reply. I opened the door and stuck my head in my boss’ office. “Master Ren is here and would like to speak with you. May I let him in?” I asked. The deadly glare I received sent a cold shiver of fear down my spine, even though I was aware it is not me his anger was directed at. “Send him in,” he barked, looking back to his holopad. A small sigh passed my lips as I turned back to Ren. “You may come in, Commander.” I said, stepping aside. I wasn’t graced with an answer and was left alone in my office. I sat by my desk and soon the silence was filled with angry shouts coming from the other room. I didn’t listen what they were arguing about this time. It was none of my business and their fights grew kind of boring by almost two years of listening to them on daily basis. I focused on my work instead, knowing that Hux would be most displeased if I was falling behind the tight schedule het set for me. “(Y/n), come to my office. Now.” the general barked an order, suddenly appearing in the door. I gulped and scurried in. So, I was in trouble but I had yet to hear why. “Yes, sir?” I asked, quietly, standing between Hux and Ren. The tension was palpable and I felt like I’m going to faint any second now. The general’s blue eyes bore into me and I felt like he’s seeing right through me and reading my every single thought, even though it wasn’t him with mind reading abilities. “Master Ren said...” the general started, spitting out the other’s name like it’s a curse. “...that you think he is better as your superior than I am. Is this true?” The look on my face must’ve been hilarious. Really? This time they were going to ask their subordinates whom they like better? Maker, they were worse than children sometimes. It was amazing they were able to run the First Order, really. “Go ahead, tell him what you think.” Kylo chimed in, his voice quiet and definitely amused, but it was undoubtly an order as well. “May I speak freely, general?” I inquired. Hux gave a single nod. Cold glare was still focused on me and I was so scared I struggled to make proper sentences. “I am your secretary. I am loyal and hard-working. I would never dare to think of choosing between my superiors or waste my time wondering whom I like better...” I started, slowly. “...Still, to be fairly honest, Commander Ren has never caused me trouble. He never disrespected me. Never attempted to intimidate me. Never gave me more duties than I am able to handle. I have heard stories of what he’s capable of, but it never applied to me. With you, general, I feel like a punching bag. You take your frustration out on me. I try to be understanding and patient. I know you’re very busy man and you carry a lot weight on your shoulders, being our leader and commanding entire army, but I have my limits as well and I find myself slowly reaching them.” “Would you prefer to be transferred and work for Master Ren instead?” the general asked in tight voice. Oh, he was furious... “So touchy, Hux...” Kylo Ren commented, slowly moving towards me and standing behind me. “All she said was that she sees you as more of an asshole than me and it was us who asked for her opinion.” The general’s eyes narrowed in anger, because that was the truth he couldn’t argue with. He couldn’t punish me for fulfilling orders. It didn’t change the fact he was going to more than likely demote me and torment me until the end of my days for my disloyalty. “I think since we started this discussion, you may as well continue..." he taunted. His eyes darkened in rage and now I was more scared than ever before. "Come on, lieutenant (y/n). Say all that you think of me.” Well, I was a dead woman anyway, so I could as well do as he asked. “I think you’re maginificent leader. Brave, smart, daring... Not to mention the obvious fact you’re handsome.” I noticed a small blush dusting his cheeks. His anger quelled a little, too. I almost smirked at the sight of my boss so easily tamed with praise, but I was not going to go soft on him. If he wanted to hear it all, then he would. “But you’re also cold, demanding and prone to anger. You disrespect and belittle me, even though I never cause trouble and fulfill your orders to the letter. You demand respect, and yet you respect no one in return. You constantly abuse me and torment me when something does not go according to your plan. No matter what I do, you are, as Commander Ren colorfully put it, an asshole to me and you like making me miserable. I can’t help but wonder if you hate me.” “Dismissed.” he finally said and I hurried out of the room, knowing better than to antagonise him. Kylo Ren followed me soon after. “Don’t worry, he won’t fire you.” he said, seeing my solemn expression. "No...” I agreed. “He’s going to do much worse than that.” The Commander only laughed and didn’t deny. Chapter 2 Summary: Hux is an asshole. Kylo is your new best friend. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Next days passed in suspiciously normal atmosphere. I faced no consequences of my harsh words to the general. He continued on as if nothing ever happened. I got the same amount of work I always did. I still faced his anger and frustration when things went wrong. And, of course, I still had items thrown over my shoulder when Kylo Ren broke expensive equipment in fit of anger. Somehow, this normalcy was even scarier than being faced with his vengeance. I knew he was planning something. I knew that, even though he ordered me to be honest, he would still put me in place for thinking bad about him. This waiting game was getting on my nerves. In the office, I was more skittish than usual, distracted and anxious. I think he counted on that, because I started making mistakes. First, small spelling mistakes I could easily correct thanks to the writing program highlighting wrong written words. It only added to my anxiety because I knew Hux was a perfectionist. Even smallest mistake could unleash fury out of him. Every soldier, stormtrooper and scientist was afraid of him no less than they were scared of Commander Ren. I waited for Hux’s vengeance like a prisoner waiting for death sentence. Sometimes, I caught him staring at me with oddly satisfied expression. He was playing with me like predator with its prey. He waited for the opportunity to come. And it did. That day was particularly stressful. I attended multiple meetings, had abundance of paperwork to do and not enough sleep. I had to write orders for new equipments and weapons. I wrote the wrong numbers and my personal Hell started. “You kriffing imbecile !” Hux hollered, throwing a glass dangerously close to my face. I ducked it, but only barely. I curled in fear, feeling tears burning my eyes. “You had a simple task to fulfill and you’re incapable of doing it right! You want respect, but look at yourself! You’re useless ! I have better things to do than fixing your mistakes! Do your job right or someone else will!” My head snapped up at that. I looked at Hux with wide eyes. He never threatened to kick me out before. I opened my mouth to speak and apologize, but no sound came out. Tears spilled from my eyes and ran down my cheeks. I felt terrible. I had no idea how to appease him. Seeing me cry surprised him, it seemed. Hux stopped in his tracks, watching me with his eyes narrowed. It was the first time he pushed me so hard and I don’t think he expected the outcome. I usually wasn’t so easy to upset. There was no remorse to be seen on his face, but he stopped shouting. Meanwhile, I still stood there, sobbing softly and trembling. I was afraid, anxious and tired. I dreamed of going back to my quarters and taking a nap. I knew it wouldn’t happen, though. “Get out of my office,” he hissed. “You will keep your job... for now. But it’d be the best for you if you started paying attention. Another slip like that and you’re out. Understood?” “Y-yes, sir.” I stuttered out before quickly leaving the room. Hours passed slowly. I came back to my duties, now checking everything five times over. It felt like I just acquired a new phobia. “Are you alright?” a mechanic voice snapped me out of it. I looked up and saw Kylo Ren before me. I was so focused on my work, I didn’t even notice when he entered my office. “Yes, Commander,” I replied. It sounded like a terrible lie even to my own ears. I cringed, realizing how pathetic my attempt was. “It’s lunch time. I invite you to join me in the mess hall,” he said in a matter-of-factly tone. At the same moment, general Hux was leaving his bureau. My boss glared at the Commander and I just stared at Ren as if he suddenly grew a second head. Whatever Ren was doing, he was doing it on purpose. If he aimed to piss off Hux, he managed to do that excellently. I saw the general clench his jaw in anger. If looks could kill, both I and the Commander would be dead. “She has work to do, Ren,” Hux growled. “She doesn’t have time for a date with you.” “Lieutenant Y/N has a break, like everyone else on this ship,” was a clipped reply. “You wrote the labour code yourself, general. One would expect you’d stick to it. Besides, your soldiers need rest and sustenance to keep in their best form.” I watched the exchange in silence, knowing better than to meddle between the two of them. The Commander seemed very smug, I could tell as much even without seeing his face. He kept looking at me and never to spare a glance at seething Hux. The general only huffed and left. “Ah, the overgrown, bureaucratic squirrel finally left,” he joked. I snorted a laugh at the insult, unable to help myself. “So... You coming?” Despite my better judgement, I nodded and followed Ren out of the office. We walked in silence until we reached the mess hall. Both of us were given trays with our meals. The food looked bland and not very appetizing, as usual. It was supposed to be nutritious. Taste wasn’t an issue cooks bothered themselves with. I sighed, pushing around around funny looking stew. Kylo Ren sat in front of me and I wondered if he’d somehow eat it with his mask on? I didn’t see any mechanism that’d allow it. To my surprise, he took it off. I never saw his face before, but he was very handsome. He had green, almost black eyes and dark, thick hair. The colors of his irises and curly mane contrasted with pale complexion of his skin. Soft features didn’t give him a look of someone capable of violence and slaughter. He looked so innocent... I wondered how could it be? When I looked in his eyes, I couldn’t see a monster either. Then again, I already learned that appearances could be very deceiving. “You have questions...” he said, smiling softly. I looked away, embarassed I was staring so hard at him. Thankfully, he didn't seem offended. “Why did you ask me to join you, sir?” I asked immidiately, feeling surprisingly bold. On the other hand, there was no point beating around the bush with someone who could read your mind. “Because you needed a break. Because he’s an asshole and I like to piss him off. Because I like your company. Take your pick.” the Commander shrugged, taking a bite of his food. He made a face at the taste. “This is horrible...” I laughed, because yes - food was disgusting and Ren’s reaction was disarmingly honest. “Why are you and him always at odds, Commander?” “He’s a stick in the mud. He doesn’t know fun. He's my age and acting like he’s eighty years old. Hux is so... annoying. Shame our Leader needs him, otherwise I'd relieve the galaxy of him.” I couldn’t help but glare at Kylo. True, the general was a difficult person, to put it mildly, but I didn’t appreciate the idea of the Commander killing him. “How can you stand him?” Ren asked. “He’s treating you like dirt. You’re his right hand and yet he disrespects you, sometimes even in front of his soldiers. I saw it in your mind... And yet, you still work for him. You’re dutiful and faithful. I can’t understand why?” I thought long about an answer. I never focused much on it and simply did what had to be done. I was good at my job and I doubted anyone would do it better than I. “He’s brilliant. A genius.” I said, slowly, taking another bite of disgusting stew. “I can watch him at work and help him run his magnificent creation. He is... not easy to work with. It bothers me how little he thinks of me, but I still admire him. I work so hard because I hope that maybe one day... maybe one day I’ll make him proud.” The Commander nodded, perhaps expecting similar answer. “Then why did you come here? You knew it’d annoy him?” he inquired with a small smirk. Well, that was true. Considering I was already in trouble with Hux, joining Kylo for lunch wasn’t the smartest decision. I still questioned my reasons. “I guess I don’t kn...” I hesitated, but a sudden realization stopped me in my tracks. “He was jealous,” I said, disbeliving my own words. “He was jealous and I wanted to give him a reason to. I think I... I wanted him to know that I don’t need him to be a valuable member of the First Order. That if he doesn’t value my worth, I’ll find a position where someone else will.” “You’re defiant. I knew I had a reason to like you...” the Commander’s smirk widened and now was positively wicked. “You’re not like the rest of them - another mindless drone, cowering before their superior. I think it’s a quality he both likes and hates in you.” I was surprised. I could hardly imagine the general liking anything about me. “How about... we make sure he’s be too jealous to let you go? I’ll have fun at his expense and you’ll keep the job.” I arched an eyebrow at the suggestion. A catlike smirk appeared on my lips. I was more than willing to hear out Commander Ren’s plan. Notes: I don't know what I'm doing. xD Any and all suggestions are welcome. I think I should've mentioned in previous chapter that English is not my first language and that I'm very sorry for the mistakes. Chapter 3 Surprisinly, I had a good time dining with Commander Ren. He is snarky, honest and blatantly mean to those he dislikes (which was approximately 80% of the Starkiller’s population). For the first time I didn’t need to pretend all is fine, everyone’s great and being here is the greatest blessing that was bestowed upon me. I liked being where I was, but there were things and people I’d rather stay away from and the Commander seemed to understand that perfectly. It was refreshing to be around someone who wasn’t acting like a mindless drone working for the glory of the First Order. I came back to my office in much better mood than before. I focused on my work, but the smile I had since I came back was still firmly on my lips. It was a good day and I finally saw the man behind the mask. A man who seemed as lonely as I was. The good mood was shor-lived, however. The general stormed in, his blue eyes glaring at me with such intensity I stopped in my tracks. “I-is something... the ma-matter, sir?” I stuttered out after a long long while of tense silence. He didn’t reply immidiately to that, only walked closer and closer to me until he hovered directly above me. He leaned in almost close enough to kiss me, but still glaring daggers. I couldn’t help but notice how oddly colored his eyes - icy blue mixing with jade. Terrifying and beautiful. Not that I would ever voice such silly thoughts to him. “You are my soldier. My sercetary. My right hand.” he hissed. His warm breath caressed my skin in oddly intimate manner. “You will do well to remember that.” I looked aghast at him, taken aback by the general’s possessiveness. Some part at me wanted to rebel and scream that I’m not his possession and I’m allowed to have relationships with people on this vessel. The other part wanted me to submit so I could be safe. I decided to find a middle ground between two opposing instincts. “I am and always will be loyal to you, general.” I promised. There was no lie in my words - I truly meant what I said. “Being in Commander Ren’s company won’t change that.” I saw a small twitch of anger ghosting through his face. It passed as quickly as it came, but his intense stare didn’t lessen at all. “Why the sudden friendship between the two of you?” he asked with suspicion. “Is it because of the recent conversation between the three of us? Or perhaps, you’d prefer to be his sidekick rather than my secretary?” Now I was the one who was angry. I tried to keep my face from showing any emotion, but I knew I failed. “I am not the Commander’s sidekick and I don’t aim to be. It was his idea for us to eat lunch together, general. Commander Ren was always nice to me. He was the one who decided to befriend me. I believe, sir, you should ask him for the reasons why.” “Oh, no... I can perfectly see why and it is a shame you don’t. He aims to use you against me. Ren will play on your feelings, make you feel liked and... special . But you’re not and won’t be. You’ll be only a pawn in his hands. While I can’t to dictate my subordinates who they should or shouldn’t be seeing, consider yourself warned. Kylo Ren is only capable of destruction. You’ll do well to remember that.” Then, he marched to his office and I didn’t see him until the end of the day. I was hurt and angry that the general spat on the first friendship I managed to make in all my time there. Sure, I talked with other people, but I avoided any deeper relationships because I knew they’d try to use me to get to general Hux. Master Ren was open about his goals - he admitted he wants to piss the general off and so far, he managed to do so perfectly, but I didn’t feel any more secure about my job than I was before. I was taking my datapad and some of the documents to leave. I just wanted to curl up and cry, and scream, but all I did was sighing heavily as I walked to open the door. The general emerged from his office and opened the door for me. As if on cue I received a message on my datapad: [ Commander Ren ]: I can sense you’re upset all the way in my quarters. Would you like to watch something together to cheer you up? I could feel general bristle behind me and small smirk graced my lips. “Aren’t you going to reply?” he asked in gravely tone. I sent Hux an odd look and typed quick (and not quite honest) ‘ I’d love to .’ and headed to the Commander’s quarters. Or at least tried to, because before I could make more than two steps a strong hand wrapped around my arm. “You really shouldn’t go to him. He may act as though he likes you but he won’t hesitate to kill you if you do something to annoy him.” Hux whispered, sounding angry, but there was tinge of concern in his voice as well. “Perhaps...” I nodded. “...Or perhaps he’s not as much of a monster as he’d like you to think he is. Perhaps he’s just... lonely.” “And you, lieutenant? Are you lonely?” Hux asked, the question surprised me so much I struggled to find a proper answer. “I do.” I admitted. “And you, general?” He only looked at me and didn’t answer. Hux let go of my arm and I went to the Commander’s rooms, feeling the general’s gaze on me as I walked down the corridor. Chapter 4 The door to Commander Ren’s quarters opened before I could even ring the bell. I entered hesitantly, unsure what to expect. ‘I hear general Sux is giving you a headache...’ a familiar voice rang out. I couldn’t help but laugh at the nickname. It was very accurate, but I obviously wouldn’t admit it out loud. You couldn’t be too careful. You never knew who was listening and I knew more than enough people who’d gladly seek the ways to be rid of me to take my place as general’s assisstant. Before I had a chance to properly look around, my eyes zeroed on the Commander. I shouldn’t be as surprised as I was, but seeing him in anything else than his mask and dramatic black robes was quite a shocker. Now, he was wearing slacks and a T-shirt. He looked so... normal. Apparently, he must’ve read my thoughts because he snorted a laugh and rolled his eyes at me. I was a little offended that he did, but also relieved that he didn’t react violently. I liked him, but I wouldn’t make a mistake of underestimating his temper. ‘Come and sit,’ he beckoned me towards the couch. I sat down, begrudgingly thinking how unfair it was that I had no couch of my own. I looked around. Ren’s quarters were huge. The living room was spacious, well furnished. He had his own kitchenette and if my deducion skills didn’t fail me, the two door led to the bedroom and Ren’s own bathroom. Lucky guy... Communal showers sucked and so did food in the mess hall. ‘Do you like it here?’ Ren asked as though he needed me to say that. A smirk playing on his lips suggested he already knew what was going through my head, but I decided to humor him anyway. ‘Yes, it is very nice place. My own room could pass for a broom closet.’ I said, unable to mask my bitterness, thinking of my tiny room that barely contained a single bed, a wardrobe and a desk. There was a small table with two chairs but it was actually barely big enough for even one person. ‘Is that so? One could think the general would reward you for your work by now. You deserve a place to rest. Being confined to claustrophobic space only adds to your stress.’ I shrugged, having no real answer for the Commander’s words. It was true that my room was way too small and therefore I only went there to sleep. I spent as little time there as possible. ‘What do you want to watch?’ Master Ren asked, changing the subject. I was grateful he did. I’ve head enough of hearing about Hux for a day. The movie was really stupid. Quite funny, but very, very stupid. It had more plot holes than I could count, and half an hour in I simply gave up on following plot’s consistency and mindlessly watched it, laughing at the jokes. It was fun. ‘How come I don’t see you hanging out with anyone?’ I suddenly asked. ‘uh... Commander?’ I quickly added, noticing my mistake. ‘Call me Kylo...’ he shrugged, amused by my slip-up. ‘And to answer your question, I’m not very social person. You know it by now. Almost everyone on this ship are terrified of me. It’s not fun when someone hangs out with you out of fear. Besides, they are boring. Just a bunch of drones, really. I like you. You’re different.’ ‘You’ve never been close to anyone here, too?’ I asked, feeling bad for him. Kylo wasn’t that bad. Surely there must’ve been people who’d enjoy his company. He was handsome, too, in his own very unique way. ‘No. I wasn’t interested. I’m not into that kind of thing. At all.’ he said. So, he was asexual, too, it seemed. I smiled. I could relate to that. ‘I rarely feel this way about anyone, so I think I understand. I experience some attraction, but it happened maybe three times in my entire life so far. And I never really acted on that. I wanted to, but they were taken and I didn’t want a mess in my life.’ I explained and Kylo nodded in understanding. It felt good to know that this friendship would not go some odd way. We talked a bit more about random things and then it got very late, so I returned to my room. I had a lot to think about concerning both my superiors and didn't get much sleep that night. On the next day, I arrived at my office as usual. I was just on time, but the general was already there, waiting for me. For a moment I thought I was late, but the clock on the wall clearly stated I was not. ‘Good morning, sir.’ I greeted politely, uncertain what he was going to do or say. His seemed displeased. No, not displeased... It was almost fully hidden fury. If I didn’t know him any better, I’d be fooled. After years of working for him I knew the general well and his particularly expressive eyes. ‘Is something wrong?’ ‘Oh, yes there is.’ he hissed, stalking towards me. ‘You were seen leaving Kylo Ren’s quarters at unseemly hour tonight.’ I almost cringed. It was easy to imagine what was being said. It would be hard to deny those gossips, but maybe it would be the best to just ignore them. ‘We had wonderful evening together, yes...’ I nodded. ‘I might have stayed a bit longer than I planned to.’ I’ve never seen that kind of expression on Hux’s face. He snarled at me and pushed me against the wall. Large hand wrapped around my throat - not tight enough to cut off the air, though. It just rested there, unyelding. I looked at him, utterly shocked and unmoving. ‘It is forbidden to sleep with your superiors, lieutenant .’ he growled, slightly sqeezing th grip on my throat. ‘Do I need to remind you of code that abides you?’ ‘We didn’t sleep together!’ I cried out, panicked. Hux looked into my eyes as though reading my mind if I lie. He seemed to calm down, but only a little. The hand around my neck didn’t move an inch, though. ‘But people think you did. I can’t not address that.’ he said, his voice low and dark. ‘Are you worried what people say about me or is it just the idea of Kylo having sex with me that angers you so, general?’ I hissed back, angrily. The words slipped from me before I could even think what I was saying. I realized what I just said only when it was too late. ‘Oh!... Um, I’m so sorry, general! I didn’t meant to say that! I... I was just furious that you accused me of-...” Before I could finish the sentence, the general’s lips silenced me. He kissed me, pouring all the rage and violence into it. I was unresponsive at first, taken by surprise and unsure how to react. I eased into the kiss though, and let Hux snog the living lights out of me. He didn’t stop until the both of us were out of breath. Then, he broke away and hurried to his office, leaving me confused as all hell. Notes: This is my first fanfiction in years. I hope you enjoyed the first chapter and I promise to make future ones better.