It had been a quiet ride. Not exactly an easy feat for Poe, but he could tell that the General would rather be left alone than endure a blast of conversation from him. On the other hand, he could use someone to bounce his thoughts off of. He was ecstatic about defeating Starkiller Base, worried about Finn, concerned for the Rey girl, interested about where Luke had been hiding, and still reeling from his own encounter with Kylo Ren. So many things were happening all at once. He would've liked to talk about some of them, but General Organa seemed lost in her own thoughts, and he wasn't going to intrude on her solitude right now, not with what she had been through over the past few days. However, he would've liked to know exactly where they were going. A few hours after Rey had left, the General had asked him to fly her to an undisclosed location, only giving him some coordinates to work off of. He didn't recognize where they were heading, but he didn't often ask questions when it came to orders from the General. Didn't stop him from wanting to know, though. They were finally almost right on top of the coordinates, though, so Poe brought them out of hyperspace, letting the ship drop gracefully in real time, real space. A space station hung in the inky darkness in front of them. It was medium size, as space stations go, and it looked like a shiny top spinning out in space. "There's a docking port on the far side," General Organa said, breaking her silence, "They're already expecting me." "Got it," Poe said with a nod. Curiosity welled up within him, but he tried to tamp it down as the General looked away, her attention on the station. As they flew closer, he could see that there were domes and turrets extending from the station like they had been welded on at random. One of the domes contained an arboretum, and he could see people moving around the spindly trees inside as the transport flew past. Behind Poe's chair, BB-8 let out a few whistles, indicating that he quite liked the station. Poe was going to reserve judgment until he was inside. "I'm surprised you haven't asked where we are," the General said quietly. Poe was busy maneuvering the ship into the dock, but he gave her a quick smile. "I thought I'd show you how patient I can be." "I suppose I should be proud, then." The dock was halfway filled with an odd assortment of ships. His trained eyes picked out a couple fighters among the ships, but the vast majority were refurbished transports and quick freighters with boosters on the back. These were the kind of ship that maneuvered like a dream and flew faster than a thought thanks to hijacked systems with the safety features cut out. He set their ship down in an empty spot and turned to look at the General. "Are we in a smuggling den? Because this looks like a smuggling den." "It's what it looks like," she said as she got up from the chair, "Don't tell me you're afraid." "I'm not," he said. He had been in places worse than a thieves' hideout before, and sometimes he had been in them on her command. "I'm just wondering what kind of business we have out here." "I need to see an old friend." She got up and headed for the door, glancing back over her shoulder at him. Her dark brown eyes were heavy with loss and pain and resignation, but Poe didn't look away. "And there's someone here who needs to see you." Poe's eyebrows raised. "Who?" "This is Lando's station, Poe." Oh. Oh . Right. That was why she had been so secretive. Made sense. His hands tightened on the controls before he rapidly started toggling switches and turning knobs, cutting the engines a little more forcefully than necessary. She should have told him. There was supposed to be a certain amount of respect between them. He knew he had earned that. He was too old to be dragged around the galaxy like a reluctant teenager, no matter how long she had known him. BB-8 chirped curiously, asking a question that Poe might have wanted to ask as well. "She's supposed to be here, yes," the General told the little droid, and it beeped and whirred, more excited than it should have been. Poe, on the other, hand, felt like he had gripped a live wire. He didn't know how he should react, so he simply stood up and followed the General, his motions uncharacteristically rigid and stiff like a poorly built droid. The General and Poe headed down the ramp with BB-8 rushing ahead of them, a mess of blinking lights and high-pitched whistles. There was a welcome party coming toward their ship, but BB-8 wasn't waiting around to greet them. "BB-8!" Poe called after the droid, "Come back here!" The crazy little ball was speeding off toward an open doorway, beeping like a maniac. The General offered a sad smile. "You should probably follow him. I'll be fine." Great. Poe took off after him, guessing they were both going to get lost in the bowels of this unfamiliar station that belonged to a family that Poe knew all too well. The droid rushed down the hallway, getting looks from the people walking past. They didn't exactly look like the rough lot that you normally found in a den, he was guessing that this wasn't a run-of-the-mill smuggling operation. There were kids and teenagers, and he even spotted a couple of people with babies. What exactly was this place? BB-8 stopped at a port and plugged himself in, giving Poe a chance to catch up with him. "What do you think you're doing, buddy? Is your programming screwy or something?" The droid let out a piercing note and a series of noises. Poe groaned. "Look, if she wanted to talk, she would've sent me a holo or contacted me or something." Or actually shown up on D'Qar herself. It wasn't like what had happened between them had been entirely her fault, it had been a joint decision in the end. But she was the one who brought it up and pushed the issue. When the droid didn't respond, Poe nudged it with his boot. "Look, you. We're not going to hunt her down." Not again. BB-8's reply was to pull away from the wall and dart away from Poe, heading full speed down the hall. "Hey! Oh, come on." He chased after the droid, apologizing to people as he went as they moved out of BB-8's way. Along the way, a couple kids darted after them, tagging along until they got bored. Tackling the droid might work. If he could get his arms around it, he might be able to slow it down. Then again, BB-8 might just run him over. This was becoming ridiculous. BB-8 stopped at a door long enough to open it and then darted inside, beeping wildly about how this was the spot, that they were finally here. Poe was torn. Part of him was definitely not ready to be here while another part of him was as eager as BB-8. It had been two years. Very long years. Maybe this was the wrong door, maybe BB-8 had the wrong information. Yeah, Dameron, because that happened all the time. He followed after the droid and found himself in a warm, humid conservatory. Thick glass and heaters kept out the cold of space and helped the plants stay warm while giving the people inside a stellar view of space. This place was smaller than the arboretum he had seen during the fly-by, but there was still a tree in the middle of the room, small but healthy. "BB?" That voice. Something he thought he had squashed for good two years ago bubbled in his chest at the sound of her voice. He wanted to hate that she could still do that to him but he couldn't quite manage it. The droid had gone around to the other side of the tree, but the trunk was thin enough that Poe could still see a part of BB-8 as well as the edge of a blue outfit, a light brown hand with slender fingers, and tight chocolate curls. She had grown her hair out; it was a lot longer than when he had last seen it. Maybe he should've left. But that wasn't really in his nature. He wasn't going to bolt from a tough situation. It was a mistake, he'd just tell her it was a mistake and he was sorry he was here. It's not like it was his choice or his fault. BB-8 was burbling and chirping, explaining that he was there to see her and that Poe was there and— She stepped out from behind the tree, her hand on the slim trunk, shock on her face as she stared at him. Beautiful, she was beau—no, he wasn't going to think that way about her, he couldn't start that again. Her dark brown eyes were red and bloodshot, and he knew she had been crying. She hated crying, she always did this thing where she scrunched up her face and glared whenever she started tearing up. She must've heard about Han already. Poe softened a little. He knew that Han had basically been her uncle, in a way. "Deya?" Suddenly she was right in front of him, her hands on his arms, his chest, his face, and he held still, startled into immobility by her touch. "We received a message that said you were captured," she said, "How—Poe—You highflying moron, I can't—" Then she was hugging him, slender arms tight. His body seemed to move without his permission, instinctively gathering her close, fitting her against him as if those two years apart meant nothing. It was natural, and so was bending down to kiss her, something he had done so many times before to reassure her, to comfort her. Her lips were soft and gentle against his, a warm memory of better times. "Were you that worried, Calrissian?" he asked when the kiss ended, his lips lingering near her cheek, one hand cupping her cheek. He brushed his thumb over her cheek. This felt so right, but he knew it wouldn't last. The moment ended when she pulled away, the vulnerability on her face disappearing as she rolled her eyes. "I should've known you'd be fine. Poe Dameron, the oh-so-invincible X-Wing pilot, survivor of a thousand dogfights and a hundred crashes." He grinned a little, forgetting that he was still mad at her. "Give me a break, it's not that many crashes." Deya smirked back but it quickly transformed into a frown as she crossed her arms over her chest. "What're you doing here, anyways?" And just like that, the two-year gap came rushing back, putting an uncomfortable distance between them and erasing that kiss like it had never happened. He reminded himself that it shouldn't have happened. He shouldn't have kissed her, that was stupid. "I brought General Organa to see your dad. I didn't know this place was his," he said as BB-8 zipped over to them. He hovered between the two, his domed head swiveling back and forth between them. Poe's hand twitched as if he wanted to reach for Deya again, but he stopped himself. "I'm sorry about Han." She stood up straighter, as if good posture could chase away the pain, and nodded at him. A silent thanks. "I should go see Leia, too." "Is it okay if I walk with you?" It was odd to ask that question after all they had been through together, but there it was. "If you don't mind." "Yeah…yeah, that's fine." She headed for the door and BB-8 rolled after her, humming contentedly. Taking a deep breath, Poe followed them, wondering how strange this day could get.