Notes: Story: A Flare in the Dark Perspective: Kylo Ren Chapter: Parallel to 13, when he visits Reader when she’s drunk Characters: Kylo Ren, Reader (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) He shouldn’t be doing this. He knew that he shouldn’t be doing this, and yet each and every step brought him closer and closer to your door. People would start to notice that he had been entering this area of the ship more and more often, they would notice and they would talk, and that talk would lead to rumors that would eventually reach Hux’s ears, which by default meant that they would eventually capture the attention of the Supreme Leader, who he had not been totally upfront with about his involvement with you. He suspected that, on some level, the Supreme Leader knew that too, but that was not something he had to concern himself with now. As long as he could insist that going to see you was an order, it made him feel a lot better about the whole thing. He felt a whole lot less guilty, for one. In spite of how he had betrayed his uncle, he considered himself to be a remarkably unselfish person. He knew what he wanted and he knew what he had to do in order to get it, but there wasn’t a great deal that he actually wanted for himself. He had goals and ideals, the same as anyone, but they had more or less merged with what was best for the First Order, and what was best for the Supreme Leader himself. He had slowly allowed himself to slip away, to dissolve himself into his position as one of the Knights of Ren, and he regarded himself more as a member of that group and less of an individual in his own right. The mask helped with that some, but he was starting to feel, and, well, that was sort of the problem. He was starting to feel . He could not ever before recall a time that he had experienced such lust, such hunger, beyond his thirst for power. There was something new that he coveted now, something tangible, and what was more, he could have it. He could take it. He could take you , and what was worse was that, on some level, he almost suspected that you wanted him to. And that was something that still didn’t make any sense to him. He had choked you, he had hurt you, fuck, he could have easily killed you, and yet you seemed to brush that aside as if it was inconsequential. A part of him assumed that you had been hurt worse in your past, that your story of your childhood had been authentic and not rehearsed, and he felt a momentary bubble of anger thinking about the ways in which you must have been mistreated and abused in the past. He knew the unscrupulous characters that Han Solo often associated with, vile smugglers who deserved no one’s respect, and for a moment he paused to consider the bubble of anger that had flared up so suddenly in his chest. Was it because of the mere thought of Han Solo and the son he had abandoned, or was it because he was angry at the mistreatment he perceived in your younger self? He couldn’t be sure, and this troubled him. He was not good at living to help other people. Luke had so often tried to teach him to be sympathetic and to empathize with others. He said it was the Jedi way to help others in their moment of need, and yet the Jedi had all been eliminated in such a short span of time, and who had come to their aid then? How many of the people that they saved actually spoke out to try to protect them? Hardly any, as they knew better. They could see the Jedi for who they really were, just as Anakin Skywalker had done when he had left behind the Jedi Council in order to become Darth Vader and take his rightful seat at the Emperor’s side. It couldn’t have been easy for Anakin Skywalker to have left everything he had once knew behind to chart a new course; it would have been far easier for him to stay submissive to a Council that would never truly recognize his talents or appreciate his efforts, and so Anakin Skywalker had done the brave thing and had rebelled against them, charting his own course in the galaxy, with the intent of ruling it in order to bring an end to the chaos of a fragmented Senate and justice to the galaxy. He dared to believe that there could be an end to the petty squabbling and the Clone Wars, and as he had vowed to make it so, he had succeeded, casting away his former self to do what he knew to be right. And so Ben Solo had attempted to do the same, leaving Luke and his inane teachings behind him, in order to chart a new course. At least Snoke was able to sense that he had been unhappy. He had become frustrated with Luke’s teachings, constantly feeling as though he was on the edge of something greater, on the edge of some new, greater burst of power, and yet Luke had always encouraged him to remain contented with what he had, chiding him against having too much power, all the while touting that it could have negative effects without ever explaining what that meant. It was only Snoke who explained to him that there were no drawbacks to ultimate power if you were strong enough to control it, and confirmed what Ren had been beginning to suspect, that Luke was weak, and he was afraid of Ren growing stronger than himself. But that was beside the point. In the end, Ren had proven that he was able to overcome the familiar and head out into uncharted territory, just as his grandfather had done, burning all the bridges behind him in order to ensure that he could never succumb to weakness and fall back into that old way of life that would surely serve to only stagnate his growth and his potential. The Supreme Leader saw great things in him, treated him with the attention he so rightfully deserved, and Ren allowed himself to become contented with himself once again as he approached your door, rapping on the door with the backs of his knuckles. He deserved anything he pleased, and if he coveted you, then he could have you. He could take you, and he would allow no one to question him or make him feel inferior for wanting what he wanted. But as you opened the door, a bit breathless, hair pulled back, the corner of your lips pulled back in a gentle smirk, Ren couldn’t help but let his earlier confidence slide away from him, crawling just slightly out of reach from his gloved fingertips. There was something about you, not in the way that you stood or the way that you spoke, but something intangible that seemed to radiate outwards like a soft glow, glimmering like the pristine white snow outside the base whenever the sun hit it at just the right angle in the early hours of the morning. “Hi,” you chirp happily, and suddenly Ren notices that you seem just a bit, well, off . You seem a bit looser than usual, just a little too happy. He had always been able to sense at least some level of cautious trepidation when you opened the door, but now you seemed almost downright giddy, as if you had been anticipating his arrival. Ren wasn’t quite sure how to feel about that. As Ren stepped over the threshold and shut the door behind him, he couldn’t help but look you over as he tried to ascertain just what felt off to him. You laugh, suddenly, and Ren couldn’t help but admit that he had been unfortunately startled by the motion. “I’m sorry,” you say, “but you need to take off that helmet.” Ren complies with your request, slowly, watching as you slowly move the side of your thumb back and forth against your lower lip while you watch him slip off his helmet, as if this was an action that you secretly liked watching. “I’m never going to get used to that,” you say, and Ren just simply lets the words drop lifelessly to his feet as he sweeps his hair back out of his face with one hand. “Not what I meant, just that you’re attractive, under there, I didn’t expect that.” For a moment, Ren isn’t quite sure how to respond to this. He was a great many things, but attractive was far from among them, what with his angular jaw, long nose and long ears that he had been teased about as a child, from his so-called friends growing up as a child on Hosnian Prime, and even Han Solo, who had teased him on occasion. His long hair at least served to hide it now, and there were only a handful of people left alive who could recognize his countenance beneath his helmet. In other words, no one had to know what he truly looked like anymore, and that pleased him. But he detected no amount of dishonesty from you, in fact, you seemed downright open today, your guard lying in a puddle at your feet, and he considered for a moment that he could probably get you to say absolutely anything in this state, to get you to admit to whatever it was that he wanted. It would be a lie to say that this didn’t concern him at least a little. “Are you okay?” Ren asks slowly as he looks you over again, his eyes travelling the length of your body. “Fine,” you reply simply, and Ren notes that your voice seems to steady somewhat as you take a deep breath. “So, you uh, got my message? Right? That I was trapped?” Ren dips his head forward slightly, and as a grin spreads across your face, Ren isn’t sure what to do with the feeling that suddenly stirs in his chest to see you looking at him like that. “I knew it. I knew you’d come through for me.” The amount of confidence you had in a man that had so recently tried to kill you was unnerving, to say the least. “And how were you so sure of that?” he asks. His voice is guarded, trying to remind you that he was not someone to be trifled with, but you seemed completely unaffected as you answered. “Because you like me.” The words are simple, and you pushed them out into the narrow space between you as if you were simply stating a fact. Ren can’t help but flinch, can’t help reject not the words themselves, but the intimation of those words. He knew what they implied, and he knew how dangerous they were for you both. “It’s not a crime, you know. People like me. I’m a likeable person.” Also, apparently, quite foolish, although he could hardly blame you. He knew that you probably knew nothing about Supreme Leader Snoke, or how dangerous his visits to see you truly were. He knew that you were up to something, that there was something that you were not telling him, and yet you sometimes seemed to downright ignorant to your own Force powers, to everything going on around you, that he couldn’t help but wonder what kind of game you were trying to play with him. It almost made him believe that you were truly innocent, and he hated the sudden feeling of protectiveness that seemed to overcome him. “I don’t like you,” Ren says firmly, although in honest truth, this was something that he was saying to himself more than to you. The Force knew that this wouldn’t be the first time he had spoken your name aloud, not the first time he insisted that you were just an objective, an assignment, and absolutely nothing more. He could see something pass over your features, some haunted look of rejection, but he can’t risk alienating you when he needed to find out the truth. He couldn’t risk pushing you away, even if it was in the best interests of you both. “But I don’t dislike you.” “Well, that’s something,” you relent, as if you seemed to realize that was as much as you were going to be able to get out of him. “So why are you here? Are you going to try to read my mind again?” Ren hesitates, unsure of how to answer you. To tell the truth, he wasn’t sure exactly why he had come to see you again. He had just wanted to, his feet had simply led him in your direction, and while he had tried to rationalize each step and assign it some greater purpose, he didn’t know how to say that he had simply wanted to see you without making it sound that, well, obvious. Fortunately for him, you keep talking without giving him a chance to say much of anything. “Because it’d probably be easy to do right now. I did knock a little bit of the wall in my head down to call out for you, and I’m glad we have that connection now otherwise I might still be stuck in that room, okay, well, I probably would’ve starved to death by now, but at any rate-” You were starting to ramble, your words slurred, and Ren resisted the urge to sink his face into both hands in exasperation. “Are you drunk?” he demands, watching with some idle bit of frustration as you spread your hands out in front of you like a child pleading innocence. “It’s real wine from Alderaan,” you offer. “Like, can you blame me?” Ren had absolutely no idea where in the galaxy you could have gotten that from, but at any rate, that wasn’t one of his concerns. Right now, you were drunk, and while Ren knew that he could talk you into almost anything, there was no guarantee that you wouldn’t regret it in the morning and hold it against him the next evening. For some stupid reason, he cared what you thought of him, and while he hated that he cared, he remained resolute in his decision not to hurt you. Not again. Never again. Instead, he had to do what was best for the both of you, since you were apparently not in a state to think clearly for yourself. “I should go.” He didn’t truly want to go, which he regarded as yet another reason why he probably should. “No.” Just as Ren had turned to leave, he heard the words behind him, firm and clear, as if you were giving him an order. It looks like you make a move to grab him, but as his eyes narrow, you seem to think better of it. “Are you attempting to give me orders?” Ren asks, making the warning ring clear in each syllable. “No,” you reply, but you don’t appear to back down, either. No one on the First Order base would speak to him in such a way, no one would dare, and yet you seemed to be remarkably bold for someone who seemed so powerless against him. If you had any secret powers that you were holding against him, he thought that you would have had revealed them in order to save your own life, but no, he had come close to taking it and yet you had only gotten decidedly weaker. Something else was at play, something keeping him from reading your thoughts, and while he was determined to find out just what that was, a part of him was just content to use this as an excuse to keep seeing you, not that he would ever admit to that. “I’m attempting to stop you from making a mistake,” you continue, and Ren can’t help but feel at least a brief wave of surprise wash over him. “And what mistake would that be?” Ren asks as he raises his eyebrows, attempting to humor your obvious drunken rationalizations. “I don’t know when’s the last time you’ve been touched,” you venture. “But I liked it when you touched me. And I think you liked it when I touched you back. And someone made me realize lately that being touched is, well, good, so I think we should keep touching each other.” You visibly wince as if the whole thing was embarrassing to say, but Ren was regarding you with nothing short of curiosity now. He had never touched anyone like that before, had never watched them come undone underneath his hands, never seen them silently beg for more with each roll of their hips, and he had never allowed anyone to come close enough to touch him that way, not ever. He had tried to convince himself that he was above that, that he didn’t need human contact in order to be complete, that lust was just an idle distraction that prevented him from obtaining his real goals, and yet for some reason, he craved your touch more than anything, and he honestly couldn’t explain why. You open your eyes again and seem to come to some sort of decision about something. “You know what, just go back to choking me again. Torture me, whatever, at least that will get me to shut my mouth.” You really don’t know anything, do you? Ren's eyes dipped down to your neck, raw and exposed, and he thought about how he could close his fingers around your throat and watch you struggle for life again. A part of him wanted to, wanted to completely overshadow how he wished to have his lips there again, desperate to hear your soft moans as he brushed the delicate skin there with his tongue. He could picture himself doing it now, and he couldn’t help but feel his erection hardening against his thigh. “There are other ways to do that,” he ventures softly, but you seem ignorantly unaware of his innuendo. “Oh, well, yeah,” you agree. “I mean, you could always-” But this was too much talking for Ren, and he couldn’t hold back any longer. Words would only stall for time, and that was something that existed in short supply, especially on this base. Instead, he reached forward and closed his lips around yours, and he’s pleased to see that you wait no longer that a second before you reach up to kiss him back, running your hands through his thick, wavy hair. You moan against his lips as Ren guides you around to the end of your bed, and you quickly straddle him, wrapping your legs around his waist. Ren wastes no time in tearing off his gloves so he could feel your warm skin underneath his fingertips, sliding them down the bare skin of your back as he tries to absorb every inch of you. This is what he had wanted. This is what he risked so much for, just to feel your lips against his and the warmth of your body against his rough palms. He could feel you wanting him, could feel you desperate for him, and this honestly gave him a greater rush of power than anything Snoke could have promised. He had hardly done anything to earn your affections, in fact, he had done the opposite, enough to seemingly banish them for good, and yet you seemed to be just as stuck on him as he was to you. He couldn’t sense much from you, but he could at least tell that you didn’t know why either, didn’t know where your feelings were coming from, only that they were genuine and that you weren’t as intent on fighting them as he was. Ren breaks the kiss to finally, finally reach down to brush his lips against your neck, finding much more pleasure in the action that he probably should have. “Are you still trying to distract me to get into my head?” you murmur, and Ren's expression can’t help but sour. Here he was, trying to please himself, trying to please you , and yet you had reminded him that he had a greater role to play, that there was a greater mission here and that there were things at stake. He had responsibilities, and while he had always wanted to have them, suddenly now he simply wanted to want what he wanted without having to consider the consequences of doing just that. “Stop talking.” There’s a command in Ren’s voice, and you fall blissfully silent as Ren’s hands explore your body. He makes the decision not to dip his fingers into your pants again, and as much as he was desperate to suck your sticky juices from his fingers again, you were still drunk, and he didn’t want to do anything that you might regret later, something that might ban him from getting to touch you at all. But you had indicated just a few moments ago that you liked being touched, and he liked touching you, and so he was more than content to simply run his hands along your sides, placing gentle kisses along your neck, your shoulder, your collarbone, anywhere he felt like, while you simply moaned and rolled your hips against his in response. He reaches up a hand to pull your hair out of your ponytail, gently detangling it between his long fingers as he holds you by the nape of your neck, directing your mouth over his, delicately sliding his tongue between your parted lips. You simply moaned in response as you moved your hips languidly against his, as if you truly wanted this simple bit of contact as much as he did. You both liked this. You both needed this, and for a moment Ren couldn’t help but be reminded that there was something more here. You weren’t just anyone. You were something, although he couldn’t quite say what that was. He reasoned that there was only one person in the galaxy who could have the power to distract him from his goals, but he couldn’t figure out how you were doing it, or why. It wasn’t just that he couldn’t read your thoughts as easily as he could anyone else’s, it was that he sensed something about you, felt some sense of familiarity when he was with you, as if he recognized a part of himself, and that was something he still couldn’t understand. “I don’t get it,” you venture quietly as you rest your head against his shoulder. “Why aren’t you trying to get inside my head? It would probably be so easy right now.” Shut up. Just shut up. “Don’t tempt me,” he warns. For some reason, he doesn’t want to make you suspicious, and quickly attempts to justify this decision to you, to himself. “But I’m not going to take advantage of you. I want you to open your mind to me because you can; I’m not going to force you again.” I’m not going to hurt you again. I still have barely been able to forgive myself for it the last time I did, and I will never hurt you again. He again felt a bubble of protectiveness towards you rise up in his chest that he quickly tried to push down and away from himself. “Because you like me,” you venture, and for a moment he stiffens, cautiously pondering if you would seriously insist upon hearing him say it. But he couldn’t admit that to you, not when he wasn’t sure if he felt that way himself. He felt something, but the pull he felt towards you was too strong to put into words. It was something that went beyond simple liking, and yet he couldn’t describe just what it was that seemed to draw him to you. “I don’t like you,” he insists, needing to hear those words said aloud. Maybe if he said them enough, at least part of him could convince himself that it was true. “Okay,” you relent. “You don’t like me.” You seem disappointed by this, and Ren can’t help the momentary rush of panic in his blood at the thought of seeing you pull away from him. He didn’t know how to quantify it, he didn’t know how to describe it, but he wanted you close. He wanted you to stay, in whatever way that meant. “You’re a weakness,” he finally admits, hoping that this choice of words would finally be the right one to explaining how he really felt. “No I’m not,” you say softly, and Ren can’t help but look up into your eyes and something finally seems to click into place for you, drawing his attention. “You’re the great Kylo Ren. You don’t have any weaknesses. I’m just a pawn at your disposal. You’re just using me as you see fit.” You refocus your gaze, keeping Ren completely enraptured by your words, although he still looks wary all the same. “You’re still using me for your own ends, trying to wind me down, trying to get me to let down my defenses so you can get inside my head. That is your primary objective and everything else is just-” You place a hand on his chest as your lips move closer to his, whispering the last word. “-incidental.” Thank you. Ren grabs the back of your head with both of his large hands as he kisses you roughly, nipping at your lower lip with his teeth before he wraps both arms around your back and pulls you close to him. This was it. This was what he needed to hear in order to convince himself to keep coming back here, night after night, without feeling guilty, and somehow you had realized that, you had pieced that together for yourself. You knew that he felt something tangible, and yet you didn’t force him to try to proclaim it aloud. You could sense his struggle, somehow, and you knew the exact right words to say in order to console him and alleviate his fears. A part of this concerned him, but another part of it thrilled him. He had never met anyone who truly understood him besides Snoke, and that was solely because it was so easy from him to break into his thoughts. And yet, he felt no such intrusion coming from you. You seemed to understand him, implicitly, and he only wished that he could do the same. Ren allows himself to kiss you with all the fervor he can muster until you’re breathless, and he wraps both arms around you tightly as you sink into his shoulder, resting your head against him. Ren could feel a steady current building between you, and while he wasn’t sure if it was the Force, he couldn’t be sure it was anything else. You weren’t strong in the Force, you couldn’t be, and yet there was something innate about the way you seemed to understand him, as if you were channeling the Force without consciously recognizing that you were doing so. Was such a thing even possible? How were you able to read him so well without entering his thoughts? He can feel you now, so close to him, and it’s not just your physical closeness, your hot breath against his neck, that has prompted this new feeling. He can feel a charge building in the air now, something that made every fine hair on his arms stand on end, and he knew that he would only have one chance at this. You were still buzzed, only now you were drowsy as well, and he felt close enough to you that he should be able to peek into your thoughts without you being too aware of such an intrusion. You had been able to reach out to him with your mind before, and if you had thrown the rope in order to anchor your mind to his, then he should be able to trace it back to you. As you murmur sleepily and cuddle closer against his chest, Ren hesitates for a moment, wondering if he really should pry into your thoughts at all. But he has to, he knows he has to, not just to see whatever information he might need, but because this may be his one chance to understand you as well as you seemed to understand him. Quickly, he puts two fingers against your temple and pushes gently, first waiting for a reaction. You grunt slightly, eyebrows knotted together as you brace yourself, but overall you don’t seem to be in any more pain than you can handle. Ren pushes a little harder, striking something he can only think to describe as a wall, as if there was something physically in place keeping him from venturing any further into your thoughts. But that shouldn’t be possible. You were as vulnerable now as you ever were, and what was more, you seemed to trust him. If he could only… “You can trust me,” he says gently, not realizing he was speaking the words aloud until they already left his lips. “I won’t hurt you. Just let me look. I won’t hurt you, not again.” “I trust you,” is the sleepy reply Ren gets back, and that’s all the confirmation he needs. Feeling closer to you than ever, he pushes again, gently at first, and then a little more firmly, until things start to come to him in flashes. They’re brief, lasting no more than a tenth of a second at most, but he can start to put things together. A flash of pride as one of her instructors, B, praised her in front of the class. Walking through a green field on a dirt pathway with a girl about her own age, that other girl, Sadie, as they laughed and walked through the warm sunshine of their home planet. He pushed further back, sensing something darker, deeper, and while you squirmed uncomfortably underneath his hands, he pushed onwards before he was confronted with a bitter sense of loneliness that seemed to permeate you to your core. You were sitting in a dark grey room, and it appeared that you were in some sort of cargo ship by the thick gray walls imprinted with some sort of charcoal Aurebesh letters written in a vertical strike down one side. The room was small, not tall enough for anyone to stand up in comfortably, let alone someone of his height, and yet there was a small cot propped up against the side of the room. It was a dark green color, and scratchy, like it had been roughly constructed out of an old burlap sack that you had found. There was a knock on the door beside the cot, and before you could even get up to open it, he could hear a gruff man’s voice. “Get up. Captain wants you. Pretty sure those pirates from the Western Reaches are set to double cross us again. You better not fuck this up for us; you don’t want to end up like the last one who disobeyed us by doing what she thought was right.” You groan slightly and pull away, but just before you do, he catches a glimpse of something else. This memory is much harder to make out, flashes of bright sun, and of dark sand, and of a man, older, grey hair, a bottle in his hand, ripped clothes stretched across his wide body. He seems more or less indifferent as your tiny arms lunge towards him as if hoping he’ll reach out to grab you time, before strong arms pick you up and hoist you up over their shoulder, as if you weighed no more than a feather. He can hear your screams and cries of terror, your small voice filled with uncertainty, and all at once, Ren knew you hadn’t been lying about your past. You were clearly in no state to be fabricating anything, and he knew without a doubt now that everything you told him that day had been true. You were sold off at a young age to buy your father more drink. You had served as an interpreter, and somehow you found your way to the academia that you had been sent from, and made friends with Sadie, who you regarded as your sister, while you took classes with her and served as one of B’s pupils. You were telling the truth. There was nothing you were hiding from him. You weren’t a secret spy from the Resistance or someone who was plotting against the First Order. You were simply here on an assignment from the academia, and that was all. And what was more, Ren could get the sense that you truly hadn’t known anything much about him before you had stepped foot on this base. You had heard stories, but who he was, what he was, was completely foreign to you. You knew nothing about the Force, and while Ren was somewhat relieved that you weren’t a threat, that still begged the question of how you were keeping him out of your thoughts. You were naturally strong in the Force, but you had no idea how to control it. Did that mean that someone else was helping you channel your Force abilities without your conscious recognition? Ren couldn’t be sure, but he knew without a doubt that whatever was going on, you were somehow involved, and it was beginning to look more and more like you were the unfortunate victim of circumstances. If that was the case, the best thing he could do was to either stay far away from you for your own safety, or keep coming by to check on you, to keep making sure that you were okay. You gently stir against his shoulder as you snuggle into him, and Ren brushes your hair back out of your face, laughing quietly to himself at the way you lean up and into his hand, as if you were silently savoring the small point of contact and silently encouraging him to do it again. He bends down to kiss you again, adjusting his position, as he adjusts you in his lap. “I should get going,” he murmurs against your lips, and you blink yourself sleepily awake, gently sliding off of his lap as if in no mood to argue. If you had noticed that he had recently been able to ascertain a few select images from your mind, you showed no sign of it. “Come back tomorrow,” you tell him as you watch him slide his thick leather gloves back over his hands. “Maybe.” The words are out of his mouth before he can stop them, although now that they were there, they seemed to be as good as any. He needed more time to think about what he had just seen, and overall, more time to figure out what exactly this had meant. If you were no one of any real value, then who was keeping him out of your mind? And why bother, especially if you had nothing to hide from him? And if you really were keeping him out on your own, how were you managing it without being aware of it? And, a bit more secretly, why was he so drawn to you? Why were you the last thing he thought about when he went to sleep at night? Why did he wake up almost wishing that you were there beside him? Why did he idly wish he was going to pass you in the halls when he crossed the Starkiller Base, and why did his thoughts drift over to wondering what you were doing when he received a spare moment to think for himself? It seemed to be unintentionally done, but how could it be? There was something wrong, some detail that was missing, and he wouldn’t stop until he knew what it was. Regardless, he’s shaken from his thoughts as you reach down and grab his hand. “Tomorrow,” you say, looking up at him. “You can try to get into my mind then.” So she really has no idea. True, he hadn’t been able to gain much from you, but he would have thought that you would have felt something . Apparently you weren’t strong enough in the Force to realize that your thoughts had been searched, at least slightly, and yet you seemed strong enough to be able to somehow understand his? Something wasn’t right here, but he was secretly hoping the more time he spent with you, the more answers would reveal themselves. If not, well, it wasn’t as though visiting you each night was a completely intolerable affair. “Maybe,” he repeats, although he can’t help but let a small bit of warmth creep into his voice as he bends down and kisses you on your forehead. He can feel your eyes watching him leave before he slips on his helmet and heads out the door, leaving you to shut the door behind him as he headed back to his own quarters for maybe an hour or two of sleep at best before he had to attend to Hux’s orders. From somewhere behind him, Ren thinks he can feel a shiver of melancholy, and for a moment he can feel you reaching out to him again. In the back of his mind, he can picture you asleep in your bed, rolled over onto your side, one arm curled around your pillow, your other arm reaching over the covers as though they were reaching out for him. As his footsteps carried him to his door, Ren allowed himself to imagine that he was there with you, that you were curled into his chest, one arm draped lazily over his narrow hips. He can feel your hot breath against his chest, inhale the smell of your breath as his lips lazily brushed against your forehead, and- Suddenly it was there, right there. For a moment he wasn’t sure where he was, all he knew was that he was with you, in his bed, in his room. He could feel you in his arms as if you were physically there in that moment, curled up beside him. As you looked up at him, he can see your eyes shining with nothing sort of adoration, of trust, but something pulled him back. There was something heavy in his chest, some sort of guilt that pulled him back from embracing this moment completely, and as he searched himself to try to discover why , suddenly the vision broke and he opened his eyes to find himself standing alone in the middle of his living room, eyes directed out towards the snowy landscape that rested outside the base. It didn’t take him more than a few seconds to cross the threshold into his bedroom, and for a moment he honestly expected to see you there, waiting for him, curled up on your side with your arm stretched across his side of the bed, as if waiting for him to return. He could still smell you, could still feel you in his arms, and he wasn’t sure if it had been from your earlier interaction or if this had been something else. He had wanted a tangible sign, wanted solid answers, and yet the ones the Force seemed to be providing were more confusing than anything. Was that a sign of what was to come, or merely of something that he wanted ? He wanted you to look at him like that, like there was nothing in the galaxy that you wanted but him, but where were those thoughts coming from? He had a future with the First Order, with the Supreme Leader, and you could not be a part of that future, no matter how much he wanted you to be. But those were thoughts for another time. As for right now, he wanted you, and being near you was the only way he could think of to get answers, not that he was really trying all that hard to explore any other avenues or methods of approach. The Force, he hoped, would reveal more answers in time, if he was patient, and while that was not something he was necessarily comfortable with being, he could at least try. In the meantime, a lack of answers gave him the excuse to spend more time with you, and that was something he wasn’t exactly adverse to, even if his rational side tried to chide him against such childish thinking. Still, as he drifted off to sleep that night, he couldn’t help but roll over onto his side and let his arm drape out into open space on the other side of the bed. He usually slept in the middle of his bed, sprawled over onto his stomach, but tonight he slept on his side, arm outstretched as if it was draped over you, eyes shut tight as he tried to replay the fantasy in his mind of you snuggling into his chest. He could feel the happiness radiating from you, and he tried to picture that now, tried to find solace in that daydream for no discernable reason. Maybe it was just his fantasy, maybe it was just something he wanted, but a small part of him hoped that it was something that you wanted as well. A small part of him hoped that maybe this fantasy might become a reality, and in his sleepy state, he allowed himself to put all of his fears and burdens and responsibilities out of his mind as he just focused on you and you alone. For some reason, this action wasn’t as hard as he had expected it to be. In some way, it almost felt right. Who was this girl? Notes: And thus ends the first chapter!! I wanted to begin really showing off the trepidation and the doubt that's going through Kylo's mind as he tries to figure out who the Reader is and what her real purpose is on the Starkiller Base, although I think it definitely helps knowing the ending and how it's all going to play out. So now I've got some bad news for you guys, unfortunately. Even though I've been updating almost everyday this week, I am revising my posting schedule and I'm going to post a chapter for this story every Friday. I know it's only once a week but with Rogue One and the holidays coming up, my BB-8 droid has yet to be finished, my Poe Dameron story has yet to be completed, and I got promoted at work so I have a ton on my plate right now! But you will get consistent updates once a week for a long time yet, I can assure you of that!! ^_^ Next chapter is also going to be from Kylo's perspective, and it's going to be another key scene from Flare...can you guess which one? ;) Until then, cheers!! <3 Chapter 2 Notes: Story: A Flare in the Dark Perspective: Kylo Ren Chapter: Parallel to 32, where he sends her away Characters: Kylo Ren, Reader, LN-2829/Ladson (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) It was just as he feared. No, no, it was worse than he feared. Kylo Ren knew that Snoke had been interested in you for quite some time, and while he had always been wary of this, he didn’t presume to know what Snoke’s interest in you was beyond your own relation to him. He was worried that Snoke would one day use you to test him, but he had never envisioned that Snoke would suddenly demand that you be trained as his apprentice, trained in the ways of the dark side of the Force. It wasn’t that Ren didn’t think you could handle it, he knew that you could, but he couldn’t help but be concerned by this nonetheless. He had already seen the subtle signs that you were changing, seen how you seemed different after your conversations with Phasma and your talks of getting rid of Hux once and for all so that you both could rule the First Order together. While those had just seemed like childish, fantastical notions at first, Ren was more than just a little troubled by the fact that you seemed to have developed a thirst for power, and he knew firsthand that that impulse was a hard one to curb once someone truly got the taste for it. And you had gotten the taste for it, although he supposed that was more his fault than anyone else’s. He had allowed you to fall down this dark path when he had invited you into his chambers instead of sending you straight home where you belonged. He had that option, knew he had, and yet he had insisted to himself that the reason he kept you onboard was because he wanted to keep you safe, that he could look after you better if you were within his sights. He had no way of knowing if Hux would ever send out a small squadron to eliminate you and your friends for good for your role in aiding the Resistance, and while he reasoned Hux wouldn’t see you four as a viable military target worth pursuing, he had still decided that it was best to keep you here, where he could care for you and watch over you, making sure that no harm would come to you. But harm had come to you. Hux had locked you away and although he had never been able to confirm it directly, he knew that Snoke had been behind it, that Snoke had been the one to give that order. Hux, as intolerable as he was, would never have gone through something like that in his own right, and while he often went to great lengths to prove that he had great control over Ren, this was far over the line that he was used to crossing. Everything that Hux did was either a direct result of an order from no one but Supreme Leader Snoke, or it was the result of careful thought and query, and aside from angering him, there was no reason imprisoning her and starving her could benefit him or the Order in any way. No, Ren had been blind, too caught up in himself. He was selfish, selfish that he had kept you here, and selfish to think that you had been tortured in order to test him . No, that was Snoke, testing your resolve, testing your strength of will, testing your loyalty to Ren himself to see if you would ever be able to trust in him after such an act of perceived betrayal. And yes, while you had been angry, you had come around again in hardly any time at all to warm up by Ren’s side again, and there could be no greater proof of your loyalty to him than to put all of his previous transgressions behind him and follow him along the dark path. And Supreme Leader Snoke wanted you to do just that. In retrospect, Ren should have been thrilled, should have been overjoyed, about what this meant for you. This was finally approval that he would get to keep you, and, in a way, assurance that no harm would come to you so long as you obeyed his and Snoke’s instructions. Snoke saw how fiercely devoted you were to him, and knew implicitly that you would never go against anything that he should ask, so long as that act didn’t endanger your friends or those you cared for in any way, you could be convinced to do what he thought was best, and that was something that Snoke intended to take full advantage of. And yet, despite this, Ren couldn’t help but feel that this was wrong in some way, and he absolutely hated that. He should be selfish, and he should be damned pleased that he was, as it would finally allow him to get everything he had ever wanted, seemingly without stipulations. But there were, he knew, and he knew that if he allowed you to be trained in the dark ways of the Force that he would lose you in the process. You would surrender to it, in time you would, and then he would inevitably lose you. Your light, the very thing that he secretly coveted about you, would be snuffed out forever, and how could he go on knowing that his selfishness had destroyed the very thing he loved about you? He would break you and then hate you for being broken, and he didn’t know how he had suddenly become so attached to you so quickly, but he had. Part of it was the Force bond, he knew that implicitly, allowing you to feel you as if you were part of himself, and he had come to regard you as just that. You were a part of himself now, and to lose you would mean that a part of himself would inevitably be lost, and he wasn’t sure how to cope with that apparent destruction of self. It was his own selfishness that had led him astray to begin with, his own lust for power, and it would seem like karmic justice to lose you the same way he had lost himself. Either way, he could not allow that to happen. It would be selfish to let you go because he didn’t want to be responsible for what would happen to you when you fell. It would be selfish to keep you, knowing that he would be the very thing that would cause your descent down the dark path. No matter what decision he made, it would be the selfish choice and he would have to live with the pain and the burden of that decision either way. He could always leave the decision up to you, but he knew deep down that that choice would only be an easy escape to temporarily try to free himself from the guilt that would eventually burn him alive later. He could offer you the choice, but he knew that you would stay. You would do whatever it took to stay by his side, and while a part of him hated you for that, it was part of the reason why he felt things for you that he couldn’t even explain as a product of the Force bond. You would support him through anything, any decision, so determined and resolved to see the best in whatever he did. He did not tell you about the transgressions committed in his past, could not, too afraid that that would be the final thing that finally pushed you away from him once and for all. A part of him wanted to test you, to see how much harm he would have to do to push you away from him for good, but another part of him would dare not chance it. He had never encountered another person who adored him to the point of veneration, and he couldn’t risk losing the way your eyes lit up whenever he walked into the room, as if the sun rose and set with his very presence. He had become such an integral part of your life just in the way that you had become a part of his, and he supposed that it was just fate that it was always supposed to end this terribly. His life had always been marred by people going, by people leaving, by being abandoned time and time again, even by his own parents. Even Luke, who seemingly wanted to teach him that he was stronger facing the darkness on his own had left his side and ignored the signs that he was falling. Luke was blinded by the fact that he was able to face his own demons and come out stronger, but that struggle was not true for all, and he had paid for that ignorance dearly; Ren had made sure of it. But Snoke had promised him power to make sure that he would get to keep whatever it was that he coveted, that only through power could you make people stay, and while that had remained true, at least for a while, he knew that he didn’t need to coerce you to stay. You wanted to stay, wanted to remain by his side, and although he had choked you, compelled you to touch his lightsaber as a trial of trust, and given you plenty of reasons to leave, you had remained resolved to stay by his side through whatever trials you may endure. You wanted to do this together, if he suffered then you suffered, and in your mind, Ren knew, that you were incomplete without him, just as he was incomplete without you. Which brought everything around full circle. He had been selfish and allowed you to stay, and that had set off a chain of events that not even he could have predicted. If he had sent you away, you could have been safe, could have moved on with your life, but there was no chance of that happening now. No, you knew how much that he loved you, how much he coveted you, how much you meant to him, and you were resolved to do whatever you could to make that feeling last as long as you possibly could if it meant staying by his side forever. Which made what he had to do even harder: he was going to have to end it. He knew if he gave you the choice that you would stay and join the dark side to be with him, so he had to take that choice away from you. He had to push you away and tell you that he no longer desired to be with you. You would cry, and you would be hurt, yes, but at least then you would be safe and have no desire to seek him out. You would do your best to move on with your life, and you would do your best to forget about what happened on the Starkiller Base. He had already been training your friend, LN-2829, to pilot a shuttle in the event you ever needed to make a hasty escape from the base, and he would send you off with him. Captain Phasma wouldn’t be happy when she found out, but that was so far down the list of his concerns that it almost wasn’t worth thinking about. His heart trembled suddenly, and he wasn’t sure if it was through the Force bond or because of something else, and he knew at once he needed it to be because of the Force bond. You had already told him that you loved him without any hint of apology, and he knew it to be sincere, that you truly did love him with all of your being. Your knowledge of the Force was still limited, yet, and he didn’t know how much of the bond was affecting your judgement, or how much you were simply reflecting his own feelings towards you, but either way, he had to admit that he loved you now, and he didn’t want to go through with this. He didn’t want to have to push you away, even if it was for your own good. Part of him was afraid that you might be able to see right through it, that he would be forced to explain himself and why he really wanted to send you away, but he couldn’t risk that. That would only convince you to stay, and he had seemingly made the decision already that that could no longer happen. He would be punished terribly for this, he knew, but he couldn’t risk putting you in danger. Your planet was a neutral one, and he knew that as long as you stayed there, you should be safe, lest they risk getting the New Republic involved as a perceived risk to the planet’s sovereignty. While your presence here made training you convenient, he didn’t think Snoke would regard you as a target worth pursuing, and if he did, he might be able to get word to you in that time in order to get you someplace safer, should such an event ever occur. Otherwise, it was better if you just stayed out of this, a war that you never wanted to be part of in the first place. Struck with sudden decision, he got up from his place of reflection as he made his way down the corridor towards the conscripts’ barracks. He was hardly ever went through this part of the base, but he was set with purpose and the Force guided him right to the spot he needed to go to, as he could sense her friend’s presence from among the helmets that he passed. He had not been completely overcome by the previous techniques that previously worked on others, although it was true that Hux’s methods were far more effective on children than adults. He could break him, he knew, had he so wished to, but he wouldn’t dare risk his relationship with you by even attempting such a thing. He didn’t care for Hux’s troops one way or another, and simply left the matter alone, but he knew if your friend still had a portion of his old self remaining, that he would be prepared to defend you with his own life, if necessary, and so Ren considered it his good fortune that Ladson hadn’t completely succumbed to the brainwashing after all. The Force was in his favor, as he found LN-2829 walking towards him from the other end of a long hallway. While the other Storm Troopers usually just walked past him with a deferent “sir ” he could already see LN-2829 turn his head away, as though he knew that Ren was looking for him specifically. Ren casually holds out his hand in front of him as he approaches as a sign for LN-2829 to stop, and he does so immediately, standing straight with his shoulders squared. Without turning around, Ren could sense that they were alone in the long hallway, secretly pleased that merely his presence there seemed to have warned others to stay away, lest they too share in the misfortune of whoever it was he was trying to find. “It’s time.” LN-2829’s helmet quirks upwards and to the side as he looks up into the polished black mask. “An attack?” he asks, his voice also distorted somewhat by the heavy white helmet, and Ren quirks an eyebrow up as he considers this. He didn’t want to tell you the truth as to why he was forcing you away from the base, nor did he truly want to tell you that things were over between you for good, not that you truly would have believed that anyway. You could feel him just as much as he could feel you, and he didn’t want to risk you becoming curious about his true motives and seeking him out. “Tell no one,” Ren commands, his voice firm through the supplemental voice distortion. “Gather your things and prepare for departure.” LN-2829 dips his head forward and heads back the way he came, walking quickly down the hallway but not fast enough to arouse suspicion. He was probably more than just a little excited to leave, and Ren silently hoped that LN-2829 would lend you some of his enthusiasm if it made getting you off this base any easier. He had no idea how you were going to react, or how much you were going to want to bargain with him to stay. If there was an attack, though, if he feared for your safety, you would leave, he was quite certain about that. That was seemingly the only option and Ren quickly turned and headed back towards his own quarters, at a much faster pace than necessary, finally allowing his emotions to overwhelm him. He didn’t want to send you away. He wanted you to stay, more than anything. You completed him, and sometimes he was almost afraid that just the simple touch of your warm skin against his lips helped convince him that all of this had a point and a purpose, that he hadn’t just betrayed his family for no reason. Surely, if he had not betrayed them, he wouldn’t have met you; therefore, all of his previous transgressions were simply the will of the Force, they were simply meant to be and he simply hadn’t opposed his destiny. He had always thought that you had come into his life for a reason, but now he wondered if the sole reason that you had was merely so that the Force could punish him, or test him, to see if he would allow you to fall or if he would try to prevent it. He hated this trial, hated that this had been thrust upon him, but it would do him no good to lament what had already been done. He had already made his decision, whether consciously or not, and he was not going to allow himself to lose you for good. Deep down, he always knew that had he told you about his past and what he had really done, what he continued to do, that you would never be able to look at him the same way again. He simply wasn’t being honest with you, and you deserved better than to risk your life and your light simply for his happiness. It was a mistake that he would soon correct. As he approached his doorway now, he allowed himself to believe that there truly was an attack, that it was imminent, that your life truly was in danger. It was, and while there wasn’t an attack by the Resistance, per say, there was the threat that Snoke would be able to sense what he was up to if he didn’t hurry, if he didn’t get you off the base in time. He had no idea if Snoke would try to stop such a thing from occurring or not or if this had simply been another of Ren’s tests, but either way, he didn’t want to risk it. As he walked into the room, he made sure to seem as out of breath as possible, raking in deep gulps of air as he pulled off his helmet. At once, he could feel your concerned energy as you instantly appeared in the entrance to the doorway and headed into the living room to see what was wrong. “There you are.” He closes his eyes and lets out a deep breath in an effort to look more panicked than he would otherwise feel comfortable seeming. In truth, he could feel his heart beating a little bit faster, and it suddenly occurred to him that he wasn’t actually sure just how much he was pretending. “Here I am,” you reply uncertainly as you search his face. “Kylo, what’s wrong? Are you all right? Did something happen?” Ren doesn’t answer right away as he rubs at his forehead with one gloved hand, trying to figure out just what to say. Should he just give in and tell you the truth? Should he tell you that he no longer cared for you and wanted you out of his sight for good? As he looked down at you, his eyes travelled down your face, from your large, concerned eyes, to your small nose, to your soft, parted lips, and he knew right then he would never be able to go through with it when every impulse in his body commanded that he kiss you right then and there. He wanted to take you, to make you his, to make you moan for him. He wanted to claim you for his own and never let you leave, and that drive, somehow, motivated him to do just what needed to be done. “I fear a rebel attack on the base is imminent.” The words come out of him almost of their own accord, and he decides to follow their lead almost without thinking. “I no longer believe it is safe for you to be on base. I have a pilot on standby outside to take you back to your home planet. Please stay there; you should be safe.” You grab his arm, and he can tell that you’re about as affected as he feels, although he’s not altogether sure how much of it you can feel through the Force bond in comparison to your own true fear of leaving him behind. From the look in your eyes, he was guessing it was more than just a little bit of both. “And what about you?” you insist, and that’s when Ren knows once and for all that you are much too good for him. You had just been told your life was in danger, and here you were, putting your concern for his safety above your own. Against his better judgement, he’s touched by this thought, and can’t help but let a shy, sad smile grace his lips, even as you fight back tears. “I know you have to stay, but, but…” Your voice catches in your throat and you can barely get the words out. “I don’t want to leave you.” That was the moment when Kylo Ren knew he had made the right decision. You would have stayed in a heartbeat, and he couldn’t allow you to lose yourself to the dark side of the Force like he had. If he truly did love you, then he had to hurt you, especially if it meant that it would keep you safe from this war and Snoke’s manipulations. Still, he can’t help himself as he rips off his gloves and lets them drop to the floor as he takes your face in both hands, pulling you close to kiss your forehead before he wraps his arms around you and rests his chin on the top of your head, embracing you for what would probably be the final time. “I won’t go,” you say firmly, although your voice is muffled against his chest, and Ren lets his eyes slip closed as he sighs. He thought that this would be the one sure way to get you to leave for good, had gone to great lengths to convince you that such an attack was imminent, and yet you were still determined to stay by his side even if such a decision proved fatal for you both. “I don’t want to leave you, I can’t.” “You need to.” Ren takes your hand in his and guides it up to his cheek where he lets your fingertips rest against his temple, trying to channel all of his fear into you, fear that the time that he had with you now was short and that something bad would happen to you if you stayed. It was far from a fabricated feeling, and he knew that if he could believe it, then you could as well, and this might be the final push that you needed in order to convince you to leave once and for all. You seem to be convinced by this as you close your eyes and bite your lower lip, as if trying to steady your resolve. “When will I see you again?” Suddenly, it occurs to him that this could be the perfect way to ensure that you stayed on your home planet and didn’t rush off into the galaxy in a vain attempt to figure out where he was, again putting yourself at risk of getting swept up in a war you had no desire to be part of. “I will find you,” he says at length, hoping beyond hope that you can’t sense the emptiness in his words. “When this is over, I will find you. I’ll send for you.” A myriad of painful emotions flicker across your face, as if sensing his resolve. Ren could sense that you knew that he was going to make sure that you were off this base one way or another, and there was nothing you could do to prevent it. “Do you promise?” you ask as you gaze into his dark eyes again, as if it was the last time you ever would, and Ren can see all the pain and confusion and hurt reflected in your expression only to find it echoed within his own heart. He was again being given a choice, although this one was seemingly much easier than the one he was forced to make previously. He considered telling you the truth, that he was a threat to you, and that he had to stay as far away from you for your own protection. You wouldn’t understand it, you couldn’t, which only left him with the unsavory option of lying directly to your face, however much he wished against it. He knew how you felt about promises, but in this case, it wouldn’t have mattered. Not long ago, he had once told you that he was never going to see you ever again, and while he was glad that fate had brought you to his side once again, he knew that if it was the will of the Force that you would again meet, then there would be little he could do to prevent it. In the meantime, he decided that he had to do what was right by you, and even if that meant wordlessly hardening his resolve that he could never, ever see you again, it was what he had to do. Silently, he dipped his head forward in the smallest of nods. Notes: ...and then we all know how that plays out! I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter and had a Happy Thanksgiving, if you celebrated it!! Black Friday is upon us which means I've been scavenging out all the best Star Wars deals...I just ordered a Darth Vader union suit that has a hood AND a cape, like seriously, it has a CAPE. If you're interested, it's 20 right now marked down from 50 at JC Penny's, but men have a similar suit on sale at both Kohl's and JC Penny's for 30. (I bought them both because 1. can never have enough Star Wars 2. all of my onsies usually shrink in the wash so I need to get more every year anyway 3. I'm already drowning in snow over here...t'is a dark and snowy...day). Anyway, if you're looking for a Star Wars specific gift-idea to give to someone or looking for a piece of Star Wars merch you're not sure exists, feel free to message me, I can probably point you in the right direction! xD And next week is going to be our first chapter without Reader in it at all, although it's from Kylo's perspective so of course she's mentioned! If I remember correctly, he has an interesting conversation with Phasma about....something? ;) Until then, cheers!! <3 Chapter 3 Notes: Story: A Flare in the Dark Perspective: Kylo Ren Chapter: Events after A Flare in the Dark Characters: Kylo Ren, Captain Phasma (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) He had no idea why his feet were leading him straight to her door, but he didn’t question it. He didn’t question much anymore. He didn’t question why his gloved hand stretched forward and pounded twice on the heavy material that separated her apartment from the rest of the base, or why she didn’t seem the least bit surprised to open the door to find a masked and moody Kylo Ren standing on the other side. “Ren,” she says, and her lips are parted in a signature frown, although her eyebrows are raised slightly, showing…what? Interest? Perhaps concern, but a large part of him doubted it. Phasma’s concerns were few and far between, and very few of them could be linked back to anything personal in nature. Then again, if she was concerned that his recent moods could be detrimental to the Order, well, at least she wouldn’t be wrong on that account. His recent fits had increased in frequency lately, and he had started to care less and less about who got in his way. Not that there was anything really wrong with one less helmet aboard this ship, anyway. One less person to get in his way. He doesn’t answer. He’s got nothing to say, and she seems to sense this as she sighs and sinks her face into one hand. She’s not wearing her gloves, and she can still see the raw, charred flesh from where she had been shot with a blaster in a training incident gone south. Why she didn’t just take a day off and leave it soaked it in a tub of bacta for a good while was behind him, but she preferred just rubbing the salve on it every morning and every night and keeping it bandaged, letting it heal slowly. Maybe it helped her feel like she was still alive, still at least somewhat human beneath that chrome helmet. If that was the case, at least a part of him understood. “Would you like to come in?” Phasma offers at last, and Ren dips his head forward in what could barely be called a nod, although the motion is almost imperceptible with his helmet partially concealed by his hood. He strides past her and doesn’t even bother taking notice of her living quarters through the tiny slit that he had to see through. Without thinking, he somehow is able to sense what’s around him, as his feet lead him further into the room and suddenly, without his conscious recognition, he’s sitting in a chair, or on a couch, not that it really mattered. She was gone, and that was the only thought that could occupy his mind. You were gone, so far away that he could barely even feel you, and he had no idea how to cope with that. He was never great at coping in general, but this seemed to take on a new level, even for him. Phasma is still standing near the doorway, watching him closely, and it suddenly occurs to him now that she may be afraid of him. He still had the lightsaber attached to his belt, and Phasma knew that he was more than capable of striking out with it if he chose to do so. He had no intention of hurting her, but even he had to admit that his moods were volatile, unpredictable, and he had no way to control an attack of rage when it took over him, consumed him, burning him like a fire from the inside out until the only release he could muster was just to strike out at everything and everyone in his path. Still, he can’t help but feel slightly… guilty about this, and he knows without thinking that it’s because of you, some of your residual influence that he would never be able to scrub off of him no matter how hard he tried. So, in a conscious effort to show Phasma that he meant her no harm, he slowly removed his helmet, trying to dispel how uncomfortable and vulnerable it made him feel. Instead, he simply looked down at the silver slit in his helmet as if he appeared to be studying it with great interest, staring down at the dark slit that usually had his unblinking eyes staring back. It seems to have its desired effect, as he can sense Phasma visibly relax somewhat as she takes a few steps closer into the room. “Can I offer you anything?” she asks at length, but Ren says nothing, does nothing, and suddenly every breath he takes is deliberate and shallow, each exhale a forced contraction of his lungs. Phasma stands there for a few months, giving him his space, before she speaks again. “I don’t need to have the astute powers of the Force to sense that you miss her.” This catches Ren’s attention immediately, as it was intended to, as he looks up at her, before he looks back down again, as if he’s guilty, or vulnerable, or perhaps both. His emotions were always veiled from view from behind his helmet, but now he wasn’t quite sure if the crease between his eyebrows was natural or forced, if he meant to look like this as a show for her or whether it presented itself of its own accord. Ren says nothing, knowing any admission of the affirmative would be indicative of weakness, and he didn’t want to hear Phasma chide him for that. Hux had been suspiciously silent, as far as she was concerned, all of the gloating that he would have usually have suspected strangely absent. Regardless, Phasma pulls him from these thoughts as she speaks again. “I know you sent her away, Ren, but I still don’t understand why. Was she in danger?” Ren doesn’t answer, but his expression must change as Phasma gives a small snort, as if his silence had confirmed her suspicions. “I suspected as much. The moment Hux told me that he wanted her promoted, I knew it was only a matter of time before you were going to send her away. Not that I blame you. My own feelings on the matter are quite conflicted, although you can sense that, can’t you?” He couldn’t, actually, if he was telling the truth. His own Force abilities had been somewhat impacted by her departure as well, and things seemed more…clouded, as of late. He had always been keen to read the thoughts and expressions of others easily, to sense their true intentions, but now this seemed to be something that he couldn’t achieve without constant, steady focus. What had you done to him? You had ruined him, destroyed him, made him weak, and- “What?” Ren’s voice cuts like a knife in his throat, sharp and derisive as he finally looks up at her, narrowing his dark eyes as he searches her face for any sign of a lie. “What do you mean Hux wanted her promoted ?” “As I said,” Phasma replies, spreading her hands at her sides. He can sense her confusion now, as if she had assumed that this was something that he had already known. “Hux wanted her promoted. He had heard what an exceptional job she was doing training the auxiliary staff that he wanted her to start working with me to help train some of the newer recruits as well. Apparently he was very impressed with her skills.” This assertion does strange things to his insides as he mentally dwells over what she had said. Hux had been impressed with you? When? When had he seen what you were capable of? You had never mentioned that you had encountered Hux, that he had been watching you, and a part of him was suddenly suspicious as to why, although suddenly he couldn’t be all that certain that you had known. You didn’t like Hux more than anyone, and if you were suddenly being watched by him, or at least, knew that you were being watched, you would have said something. Ren could not bring himself to doubt you now. No, if anything, this new piece of information combined with Hux’s questionable silence meant something. But what? He had an unnerving suspicion that both Hux and the Supreme Leader were talking about him from behind his back, but he couldn’t be sure of what they were saying or what things they were planning. Did they deem him too volatile to be controlled, and perhaps expendable? Perhaps they were looking to eliminate him entirely or try to pull you back into the folds of the First Order. If that was the case, he knew that he was going to have to make a conscious effort to dispel his wild swings of mood, to control his rage, at least as well as he was able. You may not have been there to console him, but if they were looking to replace him with you, then he would have to do everything in his power to show them that he was still an asset, that he could still be trusted and that he was not as weak as they were both starting to believe. Still, he had no idea if these thoughts were just paranoid delusions or ones that were actually based in fact. His mind was filling with doubts, and he could hardly bring himself to try to piece together any of them. He wanted to see you, wanted to feel you again, but he couldn’t bring himself to do that. If he got so much of a taste of you again, he would never be able to leave your side; he knew that, implicitly. He was weak, that was no illusion, and he had no idea how to get back his former strength. The only thing he knew how to do was to try to protect you as best you could, and that meant that he was going to need to start making allies, people who could watch Hux when he was not around, people who he could trust not to tell Hux what he was thinking. “I want you to watch Hux,” Ren says at length. “Ren, I can’t just-” “I just need to know if he’s watching her,” Ren says firmly, his dark eyes blazing, and Phasma seems to soften at this. “I need to know if he’s having her watched, if he’s having her movements monitored.” “And if he is?” Phasma asks, as if this is hardly a concern to her. “Ren, you know as well as I do that the Resistance is starting to gain favor from several influential Senators in the New Republic. If they decide to support them, to give them armament and funding, well, that is something that we cannot afford. Hux has his attentions diverted elsewhere at the moment, you know he does.” Of course he did. Hux was set on obliterating Hosnian Prime with what seemed like a personal obsession, some sort of vendetta that he couldn’t explain, not that he really dared to. While he could have easily delved into Hux’s mind, while his skills were sharp enough for it, he stayed clear. The way Hux thought was all logic and reason, sharp barbed wire that would cut anyone that got too close. No, Ren had no desire to see what Hux was thinking, it wasn’t something that appealed to him. Your mind had always been pleasing, warm sunshine on his face on a cold day, something that he could savor just by being near you. And now that light was being withheld from him. Phasma frowns as she crosses her arms over her chest, as if she can sense where his thoughts are going. “Why don’t you go to her?” she asks. “She always seemed incredibly devoted; why don’t you just go and bring her back?” “It’s not safe for her here,” Ren says at length, although the answer is automatic, erupting from his lips of his own accord. There’s something that catches in his voice as he speaks, and Phasma picks up on it immediately. “Did you do something?” she asks, and Ren quickly shakes his head. Still, she persists, and her tone turns slightly darker as she tilts her chin forward, narrowing her gaze. “Did you hurt her?” “No.” Ren’s heart jumps in his chest and he can feel his blood beginning to boil in his veins again, a cold sweat forming on his brow. Hurt her? No, he had done that once , okay, maybe a brief handful of times he had scared her, but he had only seriously hurt her once and it was something that he had regretted so fiercely it was something that still plagued his nightmares. He could have killed her and if he had, if he had… “No, I would never hurt her.” “You did once.” Phasma’s voice is flat and matter-of-fact, and Ren just lets out a sigh as he looks away. Why had he even come here? He didn’t need Phasma to tell him what he already knew. Yes, he missed you. Yes, he would give anything, absolutely anything, to have you back but for your own protection, he needed to stay as far away from you as possible. Anything else was dangerous, and he had already put you in more danger than he felt comfortable with. He would never make the same mistake twice, if he could help it, and a part of him wanted to believe that you were happier on your home planet without him. In a way, it would make the whole thing easier, somehow. In a way, it would make the whole thing worse. He needed his mind to be quiet, and there was only one way to do that. Quickly, he gets to his feet and slips the helmet back over his head. Phasma takes a step forward as if she wants to say something, but seems to think better of it. Good. He didn’t want to take anything out on her; that would get him absolutely nowhere except to possibly confirm Hux’s suspicions that he was too volatile to be controlled and thus a risk to the Order. “If anyone is looking into her whereabouts, inform me immediately.” His voice is low and commanding through the familiar voice distortion of his helmet, and Phasma recognizes his authority at once. “Yes, sir,” she echoes, her shoulders squaring at the height of obedience, and Ren hesitates, for just a moment. A part of him wanted to apologize to her for acting this way. He wanted to tell her that he didn’t mean to be intruding on her in the early hours of the morning when she should have been asleep, that he shouldn’t have been bothering her with things that were so personal in nature when he knew how little she cared for attachments. She couldn’t understand what he had felt for you, only knew the fact that he did , although she was one of the few that didn’t seem to judge him for it. He wanted to thank her for that, and yet the words wouldn’t come. Instead, he just turned on his heel and left her quarters. He considered going back to his own room, back to his large empty bed, where you usually sat so patiently waiting for him, day after day. But now you were gone and the only thing left in his quarters was the empty shadow of happier memories that threatened to consume him whole. In truth, he was starting to think that maybe it wouldn’t be such a bad idea if they did. Notes: Shorter chapter today, but given how early things are in their friendship, I couldn't imagine them having a longer chit-chat about Hux or life on the Starkiller Base or the lack-of-weather. Still, I like this chapter a lot because it toys with the fact that Hux did want Reader more involved with the First Order than Kylo had originally thought, and it makes things interesting jumping forward to Glow. Was that truly Hux trying to get her to join the First Order while they sat and traded barbs in Phasma's kitchen, or was that already Snoke? Guess somethings are just better left to the imagination. ;) Next week still takes place after A Flare in the Dark, from Kylo's perspective, and perhaps includes a one-on-one with...maybe...Snoke himself? >.> Until then, cheers!! <3 By the way, my husband did the impossible and got a custom made tricked out Kylo Ren helmet with its own custom voice modulator...check it out by clicking here I am floored, this is the best thing ever!! ^_^ Chapter 4 Notes: Story: A Flare in the Dark Perspective: Kylo Ren Chapter: After A Flare in the Dark Characters: Kylo Ren, Supreme Leader Snoke (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) That’s when he felt it. He sat bolt upright in bed and for a moment he could have sworn that you were right there beside him, squeezing his hand with all the force you could muster. He turned to his side, but no, your side of the bed is still as empty as ever, and he couldn’t bring himself to start sleeping in the middle again and start taking up the whole bed to himself, just in case you returned. You wouldn’t, he couldn’t let you, but none of that seemed to matter now. His head was spinning and he couldn’t help but feel downright nauseous as he dressed quickly. He could feel a gentle probing in the back of his mind, and he knew that the Supreme Leader was reaching out to him, silently encouraging him to seek his counsel. If that was the case, it was unnecessary, as that was already where he was planning on going. He had to see him. He was the only one who could truly understand the implications of this. How serious this was. This couldn’t be true, and yet- Goosebumps prickled over his forearms as he slipped on his helmet and stalked down the hallway. It was the dead of night and the corridors were thankfully empty as he wound his way down into the depths of the base. He felt dizzy and lightheaded and he wasn’t sure how much of it was the fear of facing the Supreme Leader, or the fact that he was struggling to accept what had happened. It couldn’t be true. It had to be a dream. He felt it through the Force, but there was something else, something that twisted in his gut and made his heart beat faster with every passing step. He was definitely going to throw up. If he had the patience to try, he probably could have counted each individual strand of hair on his head, each one standing at attention as they seemed to pull at his roots. His helmet, which had always seemed like a valued form of protection before, suddenly felt heavy and oppressive, making him feel unnaturally claustrophobic. How could this have happened? How could he have let this happen? It couldn’t be true. It couldn’t be. He wasn’t sure if he almost wanted it to be or not but considering the circumstances, it just wasn’t right. He had wanted to keep you safe, and yet this was sure to put you in more danger than ever. No, no, no. It couldn’t be true. It couldn’t be. And yet, as he walked down the long bridge suspended over the dark abyss beneath him, he felt diminutive in comparison to the large hologram that stood glaring down at him. At least, he thought it was a glare. He wasn’t sure if the Supreme Leader was perhaps incensed by what had transpired or Ren’s reaction to it, but he couldn’t help himself, not now. The worst had happened, and he had no way to explain it to anyone when he couldn’t even rationalize it to himself. He stops in front of the Supreme Leader, the last of his footfalls echoing in the oppressive silence. He closes his eyes beneath the helmet and lowers his head silently, as if waiting for the final judgement to be cast upon him. “So,” Supreme Leader Snoke begins, drawing out the last syllable of the word. “You have felt it.” “I have,” Ren’s voice is clear and crisp in the silence, but he offers nothing more than affirmation. Snoke leans forward to study him for a moment, and when he hums in consideration, it’s a steady vibration that seems to shake Ren’s bones to their core. “You…are afraid,” Snoke notes as he looks him over, and Ren can feel something cold seize in his chest as he gives his head a small shake. “I don’t understand how this could have happened,” he admits, although his voice sounds small in the vastness, almost like a child pleading innocence. Snoke hums again, but the sound is less intimidating than it was before. Snoke himself doesn’t seem altogether angry , although Ren isn’t sure if he can call that a good thing given his present circumstances. “What can you sense?” Snoke asks, drawing out each word, and Ren can feel his hands almost shaking as he clamps his hands into fists at his sides. He wasn’t sure what the point was in giving him such a forthright answer, but he felt compelled to give him an honest response regardless. “She has given birth to a child,” Ren says, although his mouth has suddenly gone dry and he finds the words barely able to escape his lips. “I have a son.” “Yes,” Snoke confirms in his low grumble, and Ren lets his eyelids slip closed for a moment as he lets the reality of the situation sink in. It was true, then. During his last bid to feel you again, your implant must have failed and you had conceived a child. His child. His son . He knew that he could never see you again, for your own protection, but suddenly this made matters more complicated than he felt capable of truly realizing. “I have felt it, as have many others.” A lot more complicated. “What should I do?” Ren asks, desperate for any form of direction that Snoke was willing to provide. He didn’t know what to do, he truly didn’t. He hadn’t had time to properly assess things in order to figure out what he could do to make the best decision, but even then, he couldn’t be sure that his own line of thinking would lead him to the right conclusion. Suddenly, leaving you suspended at arm’s length no longer seemed to be the right thing to do. If anything, it almost made him feel selfish by comparison, as if it was easier for him to deal with you by just leaving you out of his sight. Was this the Force’s way of telling him that he shouldn’t have cast you aside by pushing you so forcefully back into his life? “Many will be interested in this boy,” Snoke murmurs after a long pause, as if this was something that he had been considering about as well. Snoke always seemed to have all the answers, always seemed to see things before they happened, but now Ren was starting to wonder if this was something that he had not been able to foresee, if the Force had concealed this from even him. If that was true, what could be the purpose for it? It was a dangerous thing to consider here, in his presence, but perhaps the Force wanted to keep his son concealed from Snoke as well. “Should I get him?” Ren asks, and he’s almost disappointed by how desperate his voice must sound. “I can get them, and bring them here-” “No,” Snoke says, drawing out the word, and Ren can’t help but feel a bit of disappointment rise in his chest. It was safer for you away from him, he knew that much was true, but right now he wanted nothing more to be able to hold you in his arms again, both you and his infant son. “They will stay safe where they are. She will raise him until he comes of age, and when the time comes, we will take him for you to train.” Take the boy. Not her. If she objects, eliminate her. The meaning of Snoke’s words washes over him, and he’s suddenly aware of a chill that seems to have taken over his body. It’s not something that he wants to dwell on, not something he wants to entertain. Bringing her back here was dangerous, and yet- “But you said yourself, others have sensed it,” Ren argues, although he knows resisting Snoke’s command was a futile effort. “The Resistance will be after him, as will others. It could be dangerous to leave them unprotected. Would it not be better to bring them here-?” “No,” Snoke thunders suddenly, and Ren takes an involuntary step back from the hologram. Snoke did not like to be questioned, and he knew that the more sentiment he showed for you, the more dangerous things were going to become. Snoke seems to sense Ren submit, as his expression lightens somewhat. “This is a great gift for us; a challenge has been set before you. If this child were to be found by Luke Skywalker…” Snoke’s voice trails off as Ren’s head snaps up to attention. No, that couldn’t happen. That could not happen. He couldn’t let it. Luke had been in exile, but this could very well be something that would draw him out of it. Luke would seek revenge, he was sure of it, and he would kill both you and his son in the process. No, that was not something that he could permit to happen. “I will find it,” Ren declares suddenly, his voice loud and vicious. “I will find the map that leads to Luke Skywalker, and I will destroy him before he becomes a threat to our plans, Supreme Leader.” Snoke bows his head forward for a moment, and his expression darkens, although Ren is not sure why. Perhaps he senses something, something that Ren himself is unaware of, but if he does, he chooses not to voice his concerns aloud. Instead, he simply leans back in his chair, and his voice dips into its familiar low growl. “See it done,” he concludes, and with that, Ren bows out and quickly disappears from the chamber. His feet carry him through the base and back to his room, where he quickly closes the door behind him and leans against it. His legs feel like they’re about to drop out from underneath him, and he’s honestly not quite sure how he’s still standing. He had a son. A son. You had somehow conceived his child, and while a part of him wanted to deny it, it was his son , he could feel it. The words kept echoing through his mind, looping themselves through his thoughts over and over again, and it seemed there was nothing he could do to shut them out. He needed you here, he needed you now, more than ever. He needed you to console him, to help him think, to help him stay calm, but this frantic sense of nervousness that seemed to be darting through his blood seemed unlike anything he had ever felt before. For some reason, he didn’t want to lash out and hit anything. It seemed almost impossible to believe, but he felt weak , as if he was suddenly being sucked clean of any energy left in his body. But what was it that was making him so weak? Was it the Force, trying to subtly indicate that he was making the wrong decision by leaving you alone? Perhaps there truly was a reason that you had entered his life after all. So long had passed that he had considered that your presence had simply been a coincidence, that there had been no greater meaning behind your meeting after all, but how could he say that now? You had not only conceived a child despite your implant, but had somehow managed to carry the child to term and give birth. It wasn’t even a question so much as what that meant for you, but what that meant for him . His own father had abandoned him, much as yours had, and he had no idea how to be an effective parent, if he even wished to be one. But did he wish to be one? He couldn’t honestly say with any real certainty one way or the other. He knew Snoke would laugh at these thoughts if he ever admitted to entertaining them, but he was nowhere near foolish enough to do that. No, there was no one that he could talk to about this. Briefly, the thought of informing Phasma about what had occurred flickered through his mind, before he realized that involving her could present any number of unnecessary risks. No, he knew implicitly that it was better to keep the number of people who knew about this to a minimum, and to be completely honest with himself, he didn’t trust what Hux might do with that information besides torment him relentlessly with it. No, he would keep this information to himself, and hope it remained as confidential as possible. But he could only control things as far as the First Order. Other people had been able to sense it. It was no secret to anyone who was paying attention just how powerful he was in the Force, and he hadn’t a doubt that his mother had sensed it as well. This didn’t overly concern him, as long as you were following his instructions and staying safe on your home planet, his mother’s odds of finding you were relatively low, not that you would be foolish enough to trust someone with the Resistance, anyway. No, he knew that if you were ever confronted, you would do what needed to be done and escape safely with his son. You knew how much he loathed the Resistance, and while he had never fully explained to you why, he knew that you would never do him the dishonor of joining in with a group that was intent on his destruction. Which led back to the question of why had his son been born in the first place? It was the will of the Force, he could have no doubts about that, but what did it mean that the Force wanted him to conceive a son? An heir? Would the First Order truly be successful in its mission to secure a hold on the galaxy? Or was it quite the opposite? What if his son was meant to destroy him? Although he could trust you to remain loyal to him, he could only imagine how much of a struggle it would be for his son to grow up without a father; he could picture it remarkably well, considering he had gone through that same struggle himself. But he was not going to make the same mistakes that his father had made. He was not going to abandon his son, if he could help it. He would have to remain at a distance, for your own protection; if he wasn’t careful, there was a risk that he could lead the Resistance straight to you, and that was something that he wanted to avoid at all costs. But he was not going to get any answers by remaining distant. He had to visit you, he had to see his son for himself; only then would he be able to ascertain the meaning behind such a sign, and know what should be done, once and for all. His future may have been hidden from him, but he would get the answers that he was seeking, he was sure of it. If he trusted in the Force, it would not steer him wrong. The only question was, which side would ultimately guide him in the right direction: the dark side, or the light? Notes: Another shorter chapter again today, but they're not going to all be that way. Sometimes it's just a snippet of a scene to see what we've missed, and sometimes it will be a much longer scene, especially when we relive certain key events from his perspective. Next week, we're going back to Flare and doing just that, where we relive one of the most.....controversial?.....scenes from Flare between Kylo and Reader? It's a much longer, solid chapter, and I'm kind of really excited for it, because that scene feeds into another key scene from Flare which actually feeds into another key scene from Candle....you'll see. ;) Until then, cheers!! <3 Oh, by the way, who else has got tickets to see Rogue One?? I'm heading to the first showing the US has available...IMAX, 3-D, closed captioning...I'm so ready for this!! Who's with me?! xD Chapter 5 Notes: Story: A Flare in the Dark Perspective: Kylo Ren Chapter: Parallel to chapter 7, when he chokes her out Characters: Kylo Ren, Reader (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo Ren refused to be made a fool of. He stormed down the hallway, the blood boiling in his veins. That was what you were doing, wasn’t it? Mocking him behind closed doors when you thought you weren’t being watched. You were always being watched here; how stupid of you to try to think otherwise. You and that giant green thing you associated with. What did you call him? Taro? Yes, Taro, the only one of them that had a name. He saw you together through the monitors, your hands moving back and forth, and it didn’t take him long to know that you were talking about him . He couldn’t get into your thoughts, no, and it was rather difficult to enter Taro’s mind considering the collective strength of the Tortutaru hive mind, but he knew that you were talking about him. It wasn’t paranoia. It wasn’t. He didn’t understand your language, and he couldn’t read your minds, which is why it made perfect sense that you were planning something against him. He had been wrong. You weren’t here to target Hux or the First Order; you were here for him, specifically. Your story checked out. Hux had confirmed that the credentials of everyone in your party had been checked and triple checked; you were all who you said you were and seemed to have no connections to the New Republic or the loathsome Resistance. So why couldn’t he get into your fucking mind? Without even realizing what he was doing, the lightsaber was in his hand and he let out a series of angry growls as he lashed at the wall again and again, watching the sparks dance in front of his narrowed field of vision. The muscles in his biceps twisted and ached, but he would not release his tension. Instead, he let it fuel him, feed him. He thought about you, how soft you were, how gentle, and he could clearly recall how your breath hitched in your throat when he had brushed his gloved hand against your cheek. He had wanted to take off his gloves and feel your soft, warm skin underneath his fingertips. He wanted to slowly, gently, lower his face towards yours, to brush his lips against yours, just wanted to see what you tasted like- He let out another angry growl as he smashed his lightsaber into the wall again and again, but the metal had since been worn away and revealed the sensitive wiring of the base. The last time he had done such a thing, Sector 174 hadn’t had power for over two weeks, which had prompted Hux to give him the silent treatment. It had been preferable, at first, until Ren realized just how frustrating it was to get anything done without Hux’s constant stream of intel. At least he hadn’t asked him to debase himself and apologize; that was something he would never have done. You were doing this, somehow, he was sure of that. You were talking about him behind his back, you were scheming against him. You had to be. You were subtly influencing him somehow; how else would he be able to explain the urges he felt stirring within him whenever he was near you? Or even whenever he thought of you? Even Hux seemed troubled by the way he seemed to follow you around on the monitors, catching every hint of your whereabouts until you disappeared into your room. But he wasn’t obsessed, no, he was attentive , and he was going to make sure that you couldn’t make a fool of him before it was too late. Turning away from the smoking wreckage of his latest rampage, he turned on his heel and could hear his boots echoing heavily down the corridor, subtly encouraging anyone and everyone to stay out of his way, lest they meet their death that night. He would do it, too. Anyone who crossed his path? Dead. He would crush their skulls from within their helmet. Why? He had to. He had to do it. He had to remind himself that he was still powerful, that he was still in control. He was not in control of himself when he was near you, and that would be his downfall. No, he had to…to…to fix this, somehow. He had to know what you were planning. He had to. He had been advised to take this slowly, to earn your trust, to try to get into your mind as subtly as possible, but he couldn’t wait. He couldn’t wait for you to enact your plan against him; he wouldn’t allow himself to give you the time to set up whatever scheme that you clearly had in place. It was protection, it was self-defense, and it was unfortunate, but it was necessary. Your death was, unfortunately, necessary. He’s at your door before he realizes it, and knocks clearly, the tense muscles in his arms still twitching. You’re nervous, he can sense that through the door, and you had good reason to be nervous. Nervous, because you knew you were up to no good, and you were worried about being caught. As you open the door, he can see that you’re clearly expecting him, trading out your pajamas for a shirt and a pair of slacks. He enters the room quickly, making sure that he isn’t seen before he stops short in front of you and crosses his arms over his chest, shoulders squared and at attention as he looks you up and down. You seem on edge as you stand a few feet away from him, mimicking his stance as you stand with your arms crossed over your own chest as well. He studies you, studies the lines in your face, the curve of your lips, the trail from your eyes to your nose, and you stare back at him, as if wondering what he could possibly be seeing in you. “Are you trying to read my mind?” you ask at length. Like she didn’t know. Play pretend, trying to make herself seem innocent. It was a good trick, but he saw right through it. “Are you ready to let me in?” Two could play at that game, and he wanted to make it clear that he was in charge here, and he was going to be the one to ask the questions. Maybe if you finally broke and told him what he needed to know, he didn’t have to kill you. He couldn’t explain why, but he didn’t want to kill you. He wanted something, but he wasn’t quite sure how to put it into words. “If we’re going to do this, please mask off,” you say quickly, and if he’s not mistaken, you almost seem a bit resigned. “No.” He was going to do this on his terms, and he wasn’t going to get any more vulnerable with you than he had unfortunately already gotten. He had shown you his face, he had humanized himself to you, and while he knew that would occasionally work in his favor, it wouldn’t work now. He didn’t want to warm up to you anymore. No, he wanted you to fear him. “Then I have a new rule.” Bold, you were always so bold and he couldn’t deny how much he liked that. You had every reason to fear him, and yet you always seemed as intrigued by him as he was by you. It was almost as if you thought you had nothing to fear from him, almost as if you felt you had nothing to hide, but that couldn’t be true. It just couldn’t be. “I’ll only let you in if I can see you.” This throws him off balance, but only for a moment. He supposed it was meant to, trying to unnerve him, trying to remind him that he was vulnerable now. “Why does it matter?” “Only cowards hide behind a mask,” you reply softly. “The only reason you’re wearing it is either to intimidate me or so I can’t see the look on your face. If it’s the first, I’m not intimidated by you here, with everyone so close by. And if it’s the second-” You shrug. “I’ve already seen your face, so there’s no point in keeping it on.” Something unpleasant pulls at his insides, and it doesn’t take him more than a moment to realize that you were insulting him, taunting him, trying to prove that you were superior to him, and he would not allow that. “Do you think I am a coward?” he asks, pleased by how menacing his voice sounded through the familiar distortion of his mask. You immediately take a step back and shake your head from side to side, eyes wide, as if you only now realized what you were saying. Was it possible that you weren’t trying to insult him? You looked so sincere, so innocent, for a moment he couldn’t believe that you would be involved in a nefarious plot to bring about his downfall. “You are very interesting,” he murmurs, but this statement only seems to perplex you. “How so?” You were good, he had to give you that, but he would give you time. He would play along. “Getting involved in a skirmish you know nothing about?” he gently taunts. “Putting your life in danger, all the while declaring yourself just to be a neutral messenger, as if that in itself is your claim to innocence.” “I never said I was innocent,” you reply quietly, your voice suddenly guarded and wary. “Did you know before you came here?” he asks. “About the Force?” He didn’t expect you to respond in any way but in the negative, but he hoped to at least get a good read on you to see if there were any tells that he could notice to clearly see that you were lying. “No,” you reply simply, and he’s almost a bit disappointed by your response. Either you were telling the truth, or your mannerisms had been carefully rehearsed beforehand, should you be subject to intense interrogation. “I would like to think that I would’ve been smart enough to stay away if I had.” Such a flip comment. Was it a deflection to make him believe that you were truly innocent? It was working, if it was, and if it was sincere, well…it wasn’t. It couldn’t be. “Smart enough to stay away, and yet you just insinuated that I was a coward,” he muses as he decides to keep playing your game. “I never said my intelligence was anything to boast about,” you admit, but you seem downright nervous now as you stumble over your words. You were witty, he had to give you that, but surely the sweat on your brow was a sign of your guilt. He was asking dangerous questions, and they were clearly unnerving your sense of contrition. Keeping the mask on had its intended effect, and you were beginning to realize that you were trifling with someone very dangerous and very powerful. Hopefully you would just admit to whatever scheme you were planning and end these games. “Are you afraid of me?” he asks, deciding to get right to the point. “You seem much more fearful than my last visit.” You raise your eyebrows, as if you didn’t expect this comment. “Well, you’re wearing the mask, for one,” you admit, and he’s almost surprised to hear you indirectly confirm it. Maybe you weren’t as stupid as you seemed after all. “I also heard about…” You quickly shut your mouth, but it’s too late. So they had told you, the two mentors, they had warned you about him. He had carefully rehearsed his plan with Hux to make sure it all went according to plan, and Hux had played his part perfectly. He had severely reprimanded him after, of course, but now he could see that his plan clearly had worked. The two interpreters had told you about what he had done. Of course, it was always possible that it served as a cautionary tale, and that they had told not only you but the others as well, but the situation was… circumspect , to say the least, especially considering how they had gone on in great deal about how confidentiality was of utmost importance to them. “And here I thought interpreters were supposed to maintain confidentiality,” he taunts, pleased that his plan had gone so well. If they were planning anything, it seemed that he was at least one step ahead of them, at least for now. He just had to make sure things stayed that way. “We do,” you say quickly, and if he’s not mistaken, you almost seem a little defensive. “We were debriefing and it just came out. We – they – felt it was important for us to know…” Your voice trails off, and he realizes that he has you cornered now. He also notes how you had said us instead of you , and he honestly can’t tell if this had been carefully rehearsed or if you were telling the truth. Either way, he had the upper hand now, and he intended to take full advantage of it. “-that I can hurt you?” he finishes for you, and you flinch on instinct. He takes a step towards you, and you quickly raise your hand in a classic gesture of the Force, hand raised at the level of your chest, arm straight out, fingers slightly curved in. Alarm immediately shoots through him, each fine hair on his arm standing on end. So you did know how to use the Force, and now that you were threatened, now that you realized you were in danger, you were finally going to challenge him, once and for all. Except, you weren’t. He stops and tilts his head to the side, studying you. You push your arm out in front of you again, tilting your hand this way and that, as if trying to awaken something dormant inside of you. Nothing was happening. He didn’t feel anything. He didn’t sense anything. You may have been strong enough in the Force to keep him out, but you clearly had no idea how to channel what was inside of you. This wasn’t a ruse, unless, of course, that was what you wanted him to think. You wanted him to lower his defenses, so that when the time came, he thought that you were weak, and helpless, and then you could turn around and eliminate him once and for all. And he wasn’t going to give you the opportunity. “I think you meant to do this.” He mimics your motion as he throws his arm out in front of him, and you flinch suddenly as he uses the Force to crush your windpipe as he slowly lifts you up into the air. He watches as your legs kick out in every direction, watches as you try to speak, though your words are garbled through your restricted airway. He needed to do this now, and he needed to do this fast. He quickly summons you towards him, and he floats you through the air until his gloved fingers close around your throat, hoping the tangible pressure from his fingers would make you realize that this was real, hopefully make you understand that he was going to take this from you, and there wasn’t a thing you could do to stop him. If you gave him what he needed to know, and quickly, he might decide to spare your life, if for no other reason than to try to further discover who else was involved in the plot against him. “Let me in.” He puts two fingers on the side of your temple as he pushes, trying to channel all of his focus into the action as he pushes with his mind, but it was like coming up against a brick wall. You were shielding him somehow, still keeping him out, and it didn’t appear that you were weakening in the slightest. But how could you not be? He tightens his grip around your throat, and he can see that you’re visibly affected now. This was going to kill you, and quickly, if you didn’t act fast. If you didn’t let him in, you were going to die. The threat was real, and you knew it, he had made sure that you knew it. You’re starting to slip away now, he can sense that much, but the wall blocking off your thoughts isn’t weakening at all. He pushes harder, knowing that you have but precious seconds left to spare. That’s when something comes to him, quickly, although he’s not sure if it’s from the back of your mind or from his. Sunlight. A sea of rich, green grass. A child’s laughter. Warmth. A feeling of peace, of happiness. Was this a memory from your mind? It didn’t feel like a memory, for some reason, it didn’t feel like it was coming from you at all. Then where-? He can’t explain where it’s coming from, but all of a sudden he feels gripped by enormous panic as he feels you slip off the edge. No, I can’t do this. I can’t kill her, I can’t do it, I can’t, I can’t do it, I’m weak, fine, I’m weak, but I can’t do this, not her, not her. He could make whatever rationalizations, whatever justifications he needed to in order to explain this to himself later, but for right now, the adrenaline was pumping viciously through his blood and he couldn’t deny that he felt seized with a new kind of fear, a cold sweat soaking him through to the skin. As he released his hold on you completely, you swayed to the side, and he caught you right before you collapsed, scooping you up in his arms. He could feel his heart beat slightly faster as he looked down at you, down at the red ring around your throat, before he forced himself to look away. He walked to the side of the bed as he laid you down gently, carefully supporting your head to make sure he wouldn’t hurt you any worse than he already had. He put his fingertips to your temple again, hoping beyond hope that this time you would let him in. He didn’t want to see your thoughts, or whatever you had planned against him, no, this time he only wanted to see how badly he had hurt you, to feel your pain as if it was his own so he could figure out what he needed to do to help you. “Let me in,” he urges quietly, but even now, on Death’s doorstep, he can sense you pulling away from him, determined to your last breath. “Or you’ll make it hurt worse?” you croak. Your voice is pitiful, and pathetic, and he can’t deny how much it hurts to hear you this way, to know that he was the one who had hurt you so terribly. He had done this to you, and what was worse, he couldn’t understand anything that he was feeling right now. Yes, he had hurt you, and he knew he shouldn’t be sorry that he had. He had come here with the intention of killing you , and now he was baffled by a strange sense of protectiveness towards you. He didn’t want anything to happen to you. He wanted you to be safe. But where was this coming from? Was it somehow connected to the vision he had seen? What was that? Whatever the case, he realizes he’s clearly not getting into your mind as he lets his fingers slip from your temple as his hand drops back uselessly to his side. “Keep going,” you murmur weakly, and from beneath his helmet, Ren’s expression quickly switches to one of alarm. Keep going? If he did, that would kill you. He watches as your eyelids flutter shut, listened to the ugly, wet sound that was present in each rasping breath. Maybe you were urging him to get it over with, to just make it quick. It suddenly occurs to him that this is what you thought of him now. You saw him as a monster, as someone to not only be feared, but to be loathed and hated. He couldn’t deny the sinking feeling in his chest, and he’s disappointed to see himself feel anything at all. A secret part of him didn’t want you to hate him, and yet why should he even care about what you thought of him? Not that it truly mattered, anyway. He had almost killed you, hell, maybe he had killed you, maybe you would slip away some time in the night. He couldn’t be sure, but what he did know, was that if and when you awoke the next morning, you were not going to be able to forgive him for what he had done to you. And maybe that was for the best. But you don’t seem like you’re in any mood to simply roll over and die as you roll unto your side to look up at him, cracking open one red, bloodshot eye as you study him. He honestly wasn’t sure if you could even see him clearly before you dropped backwards into the pillow, as if your strength had finally abandoned you at last. Don’t leave. He’s not sure why these words flit through his thoughts, why he was silently asking you not to leave him. He had done this. He had almost killed you, and yet? He couldn’t help but look down at your parted lips and think about how soft and warm you had looked when he had first touched you. Were you still warm now? Or would you be cool to the touch as your light slowly burned down like a waning candle flame? Slowly, without thinking, he pulls off one of his gloves and reaches forward, brushing your hair back away from your face. His thoughts are quiet as his hand moves in slow, repetitive motions, his thumb occasionally brushing against your cheek. You were still warm. You were still soft, and suddenly he can’t help but feel a sick sense of regret burning a hole from within his chest. He didn’t have to do it. He didn’t have to hurt you. You didn’t know anything; he was sure of it now. Something else was going on here, but whatever it was, you were ignorant of it. He hadn’t taken his Master’s advice. He hadn’t waited for the plot to reveal itself. He was rash, and impatient, just as he always was, and he was once again going to have to suffer the consequences for it. Usually, though, the consequences tended to be punishments that affected him directly. Never before had he felt such regret towards pain that he had inflicted on someone else. Your breathing is a bit quieter now, and he gently moves his fingertips down to your neck to check your pulse. The skin there is still tender and red, and he can see that a bruise is forming, not that he truly wants to look too closely at it to survey the damage and see just what he had done to you. A part of him was worried that it would haunt him forever. He had seen many terrible things on the battlefield, but he had never before experienced this kind of emotion towards anyone before. He wasn’t sure why, but he knew he didn’t want to. He could end his suffering now, yours too, and it would be so, so easy to do so, but he just couldn’t. Something was holding him back, and while he couldn’t put his finger on quite what that was, the feelings stirring inside of him were overwhelming, threatening to swallow him whole. He had never been so, so affected by anyone before, and he just didn’t know how else to describe it. As his fingers touch your overheated skin, you wince and jerk back, stirring suddenly as if the life was returning back to your body, and he’s almost pleased to see you look more alive and in pain than silent and impassive. You open your eyes again and blink a few times, as if you’re trying to get him back into view, and Ren isn’t quite sure if he should apologize or just walk away. “Didn’t get in, did you?” you ask, and now it’s Ren’s turn to blink in surprise. He had no idea how you still managed to be this defiant, but it was clear now that there was something going on. You may not have been completely responsible for whatever was keeping him out of your mind, but you were at least aware of it, and to find out what was going on, he was going to have to stay close and watch over you, not that that was really possible after what he had done. His had disappointed his Master, he had disappointed himself, and somehow, worst of all, he had hurt you. He still didn’t know why he cared so much, but he would be lying if he said he didn’t find your consistent boldness and defiance at least somewhat endearing. You roll back slightly, as if you’re fading out of it again, and your hand shoots out to reach something, anything. Your hand grabs his and he jumps back slightly, not expecting it, before he takes your hand and holds it. He had never actually held someone’s hand before, probably not since he was a young boy holding his mother’s hand as he walked with her around the Senate building on Hosnian Prime, and he honestly wasn’t sure who was more surprised by the action, you or him. You squeeze his hand, as if you were trying to feel the warmth of his palm to comfort you, before you roll slightly towards him again, as if you’re about to speak. He leans in close, anxiously awaiting your next words. “Coward.” The words come out in a hiss before you drop back down onto your side, and he stands there in shocked, stunned silence as he lets the word permeate him. You had been right before. Only cowards hide behind a mask. Slowly, without letting go of your hand, he slips off his helmet and sits down at your bedside, keeping a firm grip on your hand. You were right. He was a coward. That was the only reason he had done this, the only reason why he had been so aggressive and impatient in trying to extract the truth from you. Because he had begun to feel something towards you, and so he had to do something reckless and stupid to push you away from him once and for all, like a child who couldn’t be sure what he wanted. “I’m-” He tries to get the words out, but they won’t come, not that you would have heard them anyway. Instead, he raises your hand to his lips and gently brushes the backs of your knuckles against his lower lip. You were soft, and he would never be able to touch you like this ever again. He turns slightly and shifts your hand to his free one so that he could more easily reach down and stroke your hair back out of your face again. You let out a small sigh of contentment as you seem to nestle into the point of contact, and Ren is surprised to feel a gentle smirk tug at the corner of his lips. Tonight could have gone so much differently. He had come here to kill you, he had almost succeeded, and suddenly now that was the last thing on his mind. No, right now, hurting you seemed almost unfathomable. He wanted to protect you, wanted to keep you safe, and it almost surprised him how naturally these feelings came to him. He wasn’t ashamed of them, or perhaps he simply hadn’t dwelled on them long enough to assess these thoughts properly. In the morning, after he had some sleep, he would be able to assess the situation more objectively and figure out where these feelings were coming from. He didn’t know how long he stayed there with you, aside from hours. He stayed until he sensed someone stirring in the other room, before he quickly donned his helmet and gently rested your hand on the pillow beside your head. Your bruises were swelling now, and he couldn’t force himself to look at them in any considerable detail. No, he was going to have to stay far, far away from you, and give you the space that you so obviously were going to need before he could even begin to think about approaching you again. Supreme Leader Snoke would obviously be displeased with this lack of progress, but he couldn’t help what he had already done. He exits your room quietly, and as he heads back through the still, empty corridor, he can’t help but feel his emotions shift. What in the Force was wrong with him? He had been so focused, so intent on killing you, about completing his objective, about doing what needed to be done, before he felt like his resolve had dissolved into putty in your hands. He couldn’t kill you. He hadn’t been able to do it. He hadn’t been able to accomplish his goal, and that, in itself, was a weakness. It doesn’t take him long to reach his room, and he quickly takes off his helmet and discards it as he begins to pace frantically around the room. What the hell had come over him? When he was with you, he suddenly seemed overcome by some unknown sense of affection that seemed to permeate his entire being. But why? What was causing this? Was it the vision that he had had? What was that? It seemed distinctly related to you, and yet it was clearly not something from your memory. So what could it have been? It clearly wasn’t any sort of vision from the future, as he couldn’t possibly imagine ever feeling such peace. Maybe this was your hidden skill. Maybe this was your trap. Maybe you were doing something, messing with his emotions, in order to make him feel this way towards you. Unless, maybe, just maybe, you weren’t doing anything at all. Perhaps his own repressed emotions were somehow rising to the surface, refusing to be ignored. Kylo Ren did not like people. He didn’t like being around them, he didn’t like talking to them, and yet, for some strange reason, he wanted to be with you. He wanted to spend time with you. He wanted to learn more about you and while that made sense, while you were part of something that was going on here, he couldn’t say for certain that his motives were altogether objective and…unselfish. He didn’t know what this was. He had never felt anything like this before, and in the back of his mind, he was honestly hoping he never would have to, ever again. He had never apologized to anyone for his actions before, and he didn’t intend to start now. He was not going to let whatever feelings were starting to surface get in the way of his mission. He wasn’t going to feel sorry for trying to follow orders, for trying to complete his objectives, and he wasn’t going to apologize, not to himself, or to you. At least, not until a few weeks later, when he found himself doing exactly that. Notes: Am I a terrible person for saying that I think this is one of my favorite chapters? I think I just really enjoy playing with Kylo's fragile emotions...okay, now that does make me sound like a terrible person. But at least we know it all has a satisfying conclusion and a happy ending, so it makes painful moments like this a little bit easier to look back on. Next week, we continue basically where we leave off here, when Kylo goes back to apologize for choking her after he's been away for a few weeks and Reader's been able to take advantage of Phasma's offer and start her training. And then the chapter that, well, let's just say I've reserved a special holiday chapter for you all, featuring Reader, Ren, Kylo, Phasma, Hux, Ladson, Sadie, AND Taro all in one chapter of "never-before-scene" content...I'm quite excited, and I hope you are too!! ^_^ Until then, cheers!! PS: I saw Rogue One already and it is SO GOOD, seriously, this is the best of all the Star Wars movies because it's literally a war movie, my favorite kind of movie, set in the Star Wars universe. And you can bet that I've already started writing fanfiction about it. You can check out my Rogue One Prompt Collection on ao3 by clicking here !! There's two up right now and plenty more to come!! Chapter 6 Notes: Story: A Flare in the Dark Perspective: Kylo Ren Chapter: Parallel to chapter 11, when he apologizes for choking her Characters: Kylo Ren, Reader (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) It was time. A part of him had been looking forward to this day, and another part of him had been dreading it. He didn’t know what to say to you, he honestly didn’t. A part of him expected you to scream at him, to slam the door in his face, or worse, scream for help and alert your friends to his presence. Another part of him dreaded something worse. He dreaded that you would cower in fear of him, too afraid to even meet his eyes. Fortunately or unfortunately, he had been called off on urgent business with the rest of his Knights, and most of his thoughts had been too preoccupied by the impending battle to give you much thought. No, as the blood splattered against the chrome visor around the eyehole in his helmet, he didn’t even stop to consider what you might think of him in that moment. That was a blessing, otherwise he might not have had the courage to do what needed to be done. He didn’t know when he had suddenly become so weak, so concerned with what you would think of him if you had known of the awful things he had done, but he tried to push it out of his mind. It wasn’t a true concern, more of a trivial, passing thought that he entertained, simply because he could. What you thought meant nothing to him, he assured himself, he only needed you so far as to find out how you were linked to the threat against him and the First Order. He didn’t believe that you actually knew what was going on, but you were involved in some way, and the closer he got to you, the closer he got to uncovering the truth. For some reason, his mood was more quiet and composed than he had expected it to be as he raps on your door with the backs of his knuckles. He could handle this; he knew he could. If he could handle fifty men firing at him all at once and take them all down single-handedly, he could handle one girl. Besides, Phasma had already explained to him that she had invited you and your friends to take part in the training lessons usually reserved for auxiliary staff, and you were doing quite well there. If you were still terrified, or even traumatized by what he had done to you, in Phasma’s opinion, you didn’t show it, and you were handling yourself quite well. He didn’t know if it was because you were drawing your strength from the Force or because you had a strong reserve of mental fortitude that you kept close because of your past, or maybe it was simply because that was who you were, but that didn’t matter now. All that mattered now was your expression when you opened up the door on the second knock, and he almost finds himself pleased to see that you’re back in your usual nighttime attire. As he appraises you and looks you up and down, he can see you doing the same in return before you finally step back and allow him to enter. He closes the door behind him quickly, noting out of the corner of his eyes that you refused to turn your back on him. You were still wary of him, he could see, but rightfully so. The moments pass by and he watches you through his helmet, and you stare right back. Your expression is hardened slightly, forehead creased, lips pursed together tightly as you survey him, perhaps waiting for the next blow to come. He wanted you to make the first move, to have the first word, so that he could better ascertain how you felt and figure out where to go from there. But no, it was clear that you weren’t going to speak first. Instead, he could almost feel your energy, and it wasn’t weakening. If anything, the longer he stood there, the less you seemed to fear him, and he would be lying if he said it didn’t please him. “You’re different,” he offers at length, hoping that such a neutral comment would prompt a response that would better allow him to gauge how it was you still felt towards him after what he had done to you. He didn’t expect your forgiveness, or want it; he just wanted to get back to the mission at hand, and that could only be done by getting close to you so he could better understand the nature of the threat that your presence there represented. “I’m not different,” you reply, and he’s pleased to hear your voice is strong and level. “I’m just not afraid.” “Good.” The corner of his lip quirks up, and he can’t deny that he feels almost a bit relieved as he reaches up and unlocks the mechanism at the base of his helmet before he quickly slides it off his head, setting it down on the floor beside him instead of just dropping it so as not to startle you. “I don’t want you to be afraid of me.” He knows he’s putting himself in far more of a vulnerable position than he feels comfortable with, but it seems unfortunately necessary if he ever wants to earn back your trust. As you look back at him, he can’t help but notice that your expression looks almost bored as you brush your hair away from your neck, where he can clearly see a red outline still stretching the expanse of your throat. He forces himself to look at it, forces himself to see what he did, although he knows that it could have been worse, no, had been worse, and he had fortunately not been around to see you struggling to recover from most of the damage. “Still a little red,” you venture, your voice even. “But it’s gotten better. Give it another week or so and it might be completely healed up by then.” You knew what you were doing. Your voice was still level and matter-of-fact, taunting him, reminding him of what he had done, throwing his guilt back in his face. He had no idea how you were still so bold after what he had done to you, but he would be lying if he didn’t say that he liked it, although that word didn’t seem adequate enough to describe what he was feeling. It made his insides shiver a little in anticipation, it thrilled him, and this was a new emotion that he couldn’t quite describe to see you challenge him in this way. Even still, it wasn’t an emotion he could let show, and instead he chose to bury it under a thick layer of remorse. “But I bet that’s why it’s been a while, hasn’t it?” you continue. “Waited for the bruising to go down before coming back to give it another go?” This gets his attention immediately. Did you really think that he had come back to try to kill you again? Was that what you had been waiting for? He isn’t sure how to respond to this, and he struggles with himself for a moment before he manages a vague, stupid reply. “I’ve been away.” “Have you?” you ask, although it’s clear by your expression that you could really care less. Who was this girl, this girl who could be so bold with him, after full well knowing just what it was that he could to do you? Either you were incredibly stupid, or not afraid of death, or perhaps both. Maybe you knew he wasn’t going to kill you, wasn’t going to hurt you again, but there was no way that you could know that when he didn’t even know that himself. “Do I at least get an apology for last time?” He wasn’t sorry that he had done it, only sorry that he had hurt you and endangered the mission, at least, that’s what helped him get to sleep at night. He doesn’t want to say anything, but it’s obvious that you’re waiting for him to say it, hollow words or not, it’s clear you want him to debase himself by at least making an effort to apologize. If this was going to go any further, and it had to go further, he had to say it. “I’m sorry,” he mutters, crossing his arms over his chest and stepping back, hating himself for having to do it. Your expression softens, just a bit, and he relaxes his arms slightly as he glances back at you. “I didn’t mean to take it that far. I got carried away. I only did it because I thought that I could get in if you were weak enough.” Your expression hardens again. “Well, as long as the ends justify the means,” you say dryly, and while he narrows his eyes at you, you glare right back at him. He’s considering giving up, just storming out and trying to figure out some other way to figure out what your party was up to, when you jut your chin out, giving him full exposure to your neck. “Should we just get to it then? I’m ready.” Were you seriously asking for him to hurt you again? He stares you down, not quite sure what to make of you. Were you trying to call his bluff? Did you know something that he didn’t know? For a moment, he almost thought that perhaps this was a test designed by the Supreme Leader in order to fool him somehow, but no, this was no test. This was real, this was genuine. You were literally waiting for him to choke you again, and he couldn’t help but be insulted. This is what you thought of him, and yes, he had brought it on himself, but if you really thought he was a mindless monster solely focused on your destruction, why would you invite it on yourself? What were you trying to prove? “What do you want?” he asks, the words leaving his lips almost of their own accord. You blink suddenly, as if you had no idea what he was talking about, and your shoulders relax somewhat as you continue to stare him down. “What do I want?” you echo. “You’re the one who came here. You’re the one who wants answers from me.” He shakes his head and glances down at the floor as he drags a hand through his hair in an exasperated manner. What was he doing? Why had he come here? He knew why; he had to continue his mission of trying to get into your mind, trying to discover what secrets you may be hiding from him. Perhaps the shield didn’t just prevent him from getting in; perhaps you had found out something that you shouldn’t and someone had somehow placed a shield around your thoughts, to prevent you from remembering a truth that may put you in danger. But if that was the case, who was powerful enough to do something like that? Was it Luke? Something told him that no, it wasn’t, but he could no longer be sure of himself to say for sure. But he had to find out something, and without thinking, he comes at you suddenly, taking two quick strides to close the distance between you. You don’t even blink as he stops directly in front of you, your face as impassive as ever as you regard him coolly. He had expected you to take a step back, to hold up your hands in defense or to even try to push him away, but no, you hadn’t moved so much as an inch, your breath hadn’t hitched in your throat, and it seemed, for all intents and purposes, that you were completely and totally unaffected by his sudden approach. “You’re really not afraid,” he murmurs as he looks down at you, although he’s not quite sure whether or not he should be concerned or impressed. Everyone was afraid of him, afraid of what he could do, and you had experienced his power firsthand and still refused to back down. But what could that mean? Did it even mean anything? He couldn’t be sure. “No,” you reply, keeping your voice clear and strong, and he decides to test you further. He reaches up a hand and touches his cheek gingerly with the fingertips of his gloves, but you don’t pull away. Slowly, he lets them trail down your cheek, travel down to the bruises on your neck. Instead of pulling away, you just lift up your chin to give him better access, and he decides to push you further. He runs his fingers down your neck, down your chest, over the swell of your breast, and he’s almost disappointed to see you refusing to react to him as he drops his hand back down to his side again. No, you kept your eyes locked on his, and it was clear now that you were adamantly willing yourself not to flinch or pull away, refusing not to let yourself be weak in his presence. There was something admirable about that, something he liked , and as his dark eyes drilled into your own, he could sense something that he couldn’t altogether explain. Something was stirring, not just in him but between you, as if there was a tangible current that was starting to charge the narrow space that separated his body from yours. He didn’t know where this pull had come from, but he was at least slightly relieved that he wasn’t the only one being so visibly affected. “Are you trying to read my mind right now?” you ask, your voice surprisingly low, as if your breath had somehow gotten caught in your throat while you were trying to speak. His face was so close to yours now, and he could sense that, whatever was happening, you felt it too. You didn’t just feel it; you wanted it. Your shoulders leaned forward slightly, leaned your body closer to his, and it was almost all he could do to keep the distance between you. “I can,” he replies quietly, although he’s not quite sure if that’s what this is. He had never experienced anything quite like this before, but this had to be what this was. Maybe he wasn’t reading your mind, exactly, but he was reading your emotions, he was reading what you wanted, or maybe he could just recognize these emotions emanating from you because he was returning them as well. He wasn’t sure if you were doing this intentionally, but he decided to test it, just to be safe. “But only because you’re dropping your guard.” Your lower lip twitches and you can’t conceal the look of surprise that flashes over your features. That confirmed it, then. You didn’t know that you were doing this, didn’t know that you were broadcasting your emotions, if this was indeed what this was. The only other possibility was that he was the one broadcasting, and you were responding to it, but that was impossible. He would never allow himself to become so affected by anyone, and yet… “Have at it then,” you whisper, and he could feel something stir unpleasantly within him as his fingers twitched at his side. He wanted to take you, roughly, wanted to capture your bottom lip between both of his and hear your surprised gasp in his ear as his lips trailed down to your neck… No, he couldn’t think these thoughts, and he pulls away slightly, almost debating leaving right there. If he stayed for more than four more seconds, he wasn’t going to be able to help himself much longer. Tempering himself had never been one of his strong suits, and he was not going to be able to hold out much longer, especially if you kept looking at him like that, almost as if you were urging him on. “If this is so important to you, then have it,” you continue. “I have nothing to hide.” That was it. He couldn’t help himself. From that moment on, he didn’t care about the objective. He didn’t care about Snoke or what he wanted. Ren wanted something, something that he could only get from you, and you were willing to give it to him. Right now, in this moment, that was all that mattered. “You’re still too tense,” he whispers. He places his hands on your bare shoulders as he runs his fingertips down your arms, pleased to watch you shiver slightly, more than just slightly affected by the action. You lean in even closer to him now, whether you realize you’re doing it or not, you want him just as badly as he wants you. “You need a distraction.” You should have told him to leave. You should have taken a step back and reminded him that he had almost killed you, that he would never be able to earn your trust or your forgiveness, that you would never be able to see him as anything more than what he clearly was: a murderer and a killer. But somehow, at least in the moment, you seemed to look past that, and he wasn’t sure how, and he wasn’t sure why, but right now, he didn’t care. You both wanted one thing, and beyond that, everything else ceased to matter. “Distract me then.” Permission granted, his lips are on yours within a second, and you wrap your arms around his neck, hands fisting in his hair as you pull him closer to you. He’s almost surprised to see how aggressive you are, attacking his lips with the same fervent intensity as he is. He expected you to be shy, perhaps nervous, but you seemed to be spurned on by the same excited energy that was captivating him as well. Your hand reaches up to his cheek as you kiss him, your soft, warm hands caressing the flesh that so very few were able to see, and for a moment he could feel himself going under, getting lost in a swirl of unfamiliar emotions and a raw, desperate sense of need that he had scarcely experienced before. Desperate for more, he holds you tightly to him in both hands, running them over your soft skin as if he’s trying to memorize every curve of your body. He wants you, and it’s obvious and it’s confusing but you don’t seem to care. You don’t seem to realize how much of a struggle it was for him to let go like this, to indulge in this sort of carnal pleasure that he himself frowned upon. It would only serve to distract from his overall mission, and yet he could hardly bring himself to care as he found himself getting pulled deeper and deeper into the sea of his own needs, something that he had closed himself off from for so long. Suddenly you gently nip at his lower lip with your teeth and he can’t help but let out a sharp exhale, surprised once again by your boldness. He had wanted to be rough with you, but he didn’t think that you would dare be rough with him in return. As if sensing his thoughts, you let a soft growl escape from the back of your throat as you urged him to continue, but suddenly he was too stunned to respond. This didn’t make sense. There was no reason for you to want him. There wasn’t even any reason for him to want you, not really. You were pretty enough, sure, but that didn’t mean anything, not really. He couldn’t honestly explain why he was so attracted to you, or why he couldn’t get you out of his mind. He was intrigued by you, there was no denying that. He was impressed by your boldness and your seeming disregard for the danger you knew he could easily cause you. It almost, and he could hardly bring himself to even think this, but it almost seemed as though you trusted him, although he couldn’t understand why. He had not proven himself trustworthy, or done anything to make you think that you could, in fact, trust him, but he couldn’t deny that he felt a certain sense of, well, affinity towards you too. There was some connection between you, but he didn’t know where it was coming from or what it meant, but suddenly he almost wondered if it was completely unrelated to what was going on here. He stopped, his hands firmly planted on your waist, as some new emotion grips him, something that felt very much like fear. He was sensing some sort of connection developing between you, but there was an undercurrent to it as well, as if it had existed this whole time and it was only now beginning to reveal itself. He had seen the way you were looking at him when Hux was first making the introductions; he had been able to sense it too. There was something there, something strangely familiar about you, and while he had at first thought he sensed your own latent Force abilities, he could no longer be sure of what this was or what it meant. Who were you? What did you want with him? Did you even know what this was, or were you just as victim to it as he was? If you were, that only meant that he was dealing with something beyond his control, and that was something that he resented. He didn’t want to surrender himself to the Force; he wanted to control the Force, to make it bend to his will the way his grandfather had done when he chose to surrender himself to the dark side of the Force in order to achieve ultimate power. But he could not fight what he couldn’t see, nor could he try to find a way to counter something that he could not understand. You must be able to sense him pulling away, as your kisses become softer, brushing your lips against his. He can sense your hurt, your disappointment, at this perceived rejection, but there’s nothing he can do about that now. Maybe you didn’t sense this. Maybe you only sensed the want , but maybe you failed to sense what was underneath it. He wanted you, he wanted you desperately, but he couldn’t allow himself to just now. His thoughts were becoming too loud and he was confused and he didn’t understand what this was or where it was coming from or what it meant and there were so many questions, but answers? Where were the answers? And what would he have to do to get them? He wouldn’t find any here, he knew that much. Behind your eyes was only enigmas and puzzles, and right now he was in no mood to solve any of them. Before you have time to speak, before you can try to convince him to stay, he turns around and grabs his helmet from the floor, summoning it to his hand before he walks out the door without another glance back, not even bothering to make sure the door shut behind him. He walks quickly back to his room, thankful that his mask concealed his expression from anyone passing his way. Only once he’s safely back inside his room does he feel comfortable enough to pull his helmet off again and drop it to the floor as he leans back against the wall, breathing heavily. What was going on? What was happening to him? He was sweating, it was practically dripping off of him in fine rivulets from his hairline, and he could feel his cock throbbing against the thick armor he was usually so thankful for. He quickly pulls down his pants and puts one large hand around his stiff length, but doesn’t do anything more than that. He just closes his eyes and leans his head back against the wall as he tries to get his breathing back under control and contemplate what had just transpired. He felt something, and these went beyond simple emotions, and he was going to have to admit to them if he wanted to get answers. He was attracted to you. He hated to say it, but he had to say it, had to admit it to himself if he wanted to get to the bottom of this. He liked you. Maybe. He wasn’t sure, couldn’t be sure, when he didn’t know what you wanted. He knew what he wanted. Right now, he wanted your lips around his cock, and his hips gave an involuntary jerk forward as his grip on his length tightened somewhat. No, no, he couldn’t do this. Getting into your mind had originally seemed like such a simple mission, but now this whole thing was so convoluted, he could barely tell left from right. He knew he wanted you. He knew how dangerous that was. If Snoke knew how affected he truly was by you, he didn’t know what consequences he could invoke, for either of you. And yet, he almost didn’t think he would be able to help himself. He wanted to feel you against him more than he almost wanted anything in his life, and it seemed that you wanted him just as much. Maybe he didn’t have to make a decision. Maybe, if he was lucky, the answers would reveal themselves as he went along. He couldn’t avoid you, he knew that much. Snoke wanted answers almost as much as he did, and avoiding you would only raise his suspicions that there was something wrong. No, if he seemed in control of this, if he tried to stay above it and tried not to let himself get affected, maybe he could have both you and the answers he so desperately needed. Being able to control himself would be a challenge, especially around you, but it was one that he was ready to tackle. He could do of it. He was sure of it. At least, until the next night. He had been plagued by thoughts of you all that night and into the following day, and he almost couldn’t wait long enough to arrive at your door. The second that door opened, he had his hands around his face as he kissed you, pushing you back into the opposite wall as your lips met his own with equal fervor. He wanted to say it felt wrong, but it didn’t. It felt right, in almost every way he could describe, and so he resigned himself to this, and to you. Whatever was going on, he hoped it would reveal itself in time. Otherwise, he could wait. Kylo Ren was not a patient person, but if it meant he could spend his nights with his lips against yours while you frantically panted his name in his ear, then he could learn to be at least a little patient. He could do it. He was sure of it. Notes: Sorry this chapter is a little late getting out!! I'm sick in bed with a 103 fever and I lost track of the days. The next chapter should definitely be up next Friday, as scheduled. Merry Forcemas everyone!! ^_^ Next chapter is a chapter that I really should have probably included in the original trilogy, as it features Kylo Ren, Reader, General Hux, Captain Phasma, Taro, Ladson, Sadie...so, pretty much everyone!! xD Chapter 7 Notes: Story: A Flare in the Dark Perspective: Kylo Ren Chapter: Parallel to chapter 18, when Kylo Ren discovers your staff Characters: Kylo Ren, Reader, General Hux, Captain Phasma, Taro, Ladson, Sadie (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) He absolutely hated this. He absolutely hated how he had to get up in the morning, and a flash of anger struck him when he remembered how his mother used to send in that ridiculous golden protocol droid to get him up in the morning when she was running late for one of her many meetings with the Senate. At least before he could say he was waking up with the intention of seeing you that night, comforted by thoughts of holding you in his arms while he slowly ran his hands along your warm, soft skin, but now you were here, in his arms, pressed up against him as you slept with one leg trapped between both of his. Despite everything that you had been through in the past few days, that hadn’t changed. He almost would have thought that you would resent him for leaving you locked in the isolation of your room from B’s punishment, but he was silently relieved that you didn’t seem to hold that against him. No, too much else had happened for you to hold him accountable for that tragic affair too. You had probably watched one of your mentors die in that stuffy white cell, and he could tell from your recent thoughts that you were still in shock over everything that had happened and you hadn’t had time to process each event clearly, at least, not yet. He was worried about you, or at least, he told himself he was. Normal people would be worried about the people they cared about, but he couldn’t honestly tell if he was truly worried about you or he just thought that he should feel that way. He knew he didn’t like to see you upset, but he wasn’t sure whether that was because he could feel your emotions or because that was how he genuinely felt. It was becoming harder and harder to tell the difference between what he felt from within himself and what he felt through the bond that was quickly establishing itself between you, but he didn’t feel a need to fight it. He didn’t. He was strong enough to control anything, even you, and he never felt threatened by the thought of the reverse coming to pass. That first morning away, he had reluctantly eased himself out of your arms, upper lip quirking upwards into an involuntary smile as he watched you stir without his constant warmth there to comfort you, moving into the spot of residual warmth his large frame had left on the mattress as you rolled onto your stomach and wrapped both arms around his pillow, burying the side of your face into the thin fabric. He bent down slowly and kissed your forehead, brushing your hair back with one hand before he stood up to his full height and began to dress slowly. What was the point of even going out? All that he wanted was right there behind him, but in truth, there were a few issues that he had to take care of. He didn’t want to go, and he could have easily said he was spending the morning interrogating you, but he just knew that Hux was already suspicious enough as it was, and he didn’t need to add any fuel to that fire. He wasn’t sure how much Supreme Leader Snoke knew of his affairs, but Hux was nosy, and what was worse, Hux would gossip. He didn’t know who he would say anything to, exactly, but Ren wanted to make sure his relationship with you was as private as possible, lest others see it as a weakness, using you to get to him. Hux could, and given the opportunity, Hux would , he had no doubts about that. Hux had been absolutely insufferable from the beginning once he had caught on, and insisting on keeping you in his private quarters instead of one of the cells was already probably more than Hux could stand, not that he would ever admit it to his face. No, he was the one person that Ren could not fool regarding his feelings towards you, and he despised the fact that he had given Hux this power over him without consciously realizing he was doing so. Slowly slipping away behind his helmet, he refused to go back in and look at you once more, afraid that he might decide that he simply couldn’t leave your side. Instead, he walked through the narrow halls with his eyes trained front and center, black, polished boots clicking against the scrubbed tiles of the base’s hard floors before he finally arrived at the command center, which was as impeccably polished as Hux himself tried to appear. Ren spotted him from across the room, standing at parade rest while staring through the clear crystalline windows, eyes trained on a distant star. As he approached, Hux must have caught his reflection in the glass, as he greets him without turning around. “Ah, Ren, so good of you to grace us with your presence this morning.” Ren grits his teeth once, but otherwise says nothing. Those morning meetings had simply been a formality, a show put on for the Tortutaru and the interpreters alike in order to try to figure out what they were up to. It was Hux who truly liked to listen to himself talk, about anything, and Ren could only imagine that he insisted on mandating those meetings just so that he could continue to have a reason for a captive audience. “Considering how proud you must be that the Tortutaru’s plans were finally revealed, I doubted there would have been any space for me in the room,” he ventures at last, and Hux’s expression sours considerably. If Ren hadn’t been there, Hux would have been played for a fool, and this was not something that Ren was going to let him forget so easily. “If I find out that you had been sitting on that information for longer than necessary just to spend more time with that wretched girl,” Hux warns, but his voice cuts off as his eyes catch something, some imperceptible movement on Ren’s part. Hux glances down and to the side before glancing back up, a smirk pulling at the corners of his thin lips. “Ah, and how is she getting along?” “She is no longer your concern,” Ren replies promptly, simply, letting the voice distortion of his mask provide all the intimidation that he needed. Even so, Hux seems completely unaffected. “I should say she’s not,” Hux continues as he turns back to stare through the tall windows again. “I’ve sent Captain Phasma to dispose of their effects. I don’t think they’ll be needing them anymore.” He pauses for a moment as he turns back to Ren. “Although, you must indulge me. How did she react when you told her that you killed her teacher? Was she so eager to fuck you even then, or did you have to use the Force to subdue her?” He can’t help himself. Hux’s face contorts as he suddenly finds it impossible to push air in and out of his lungs, and he moves one hand to his throat as if he was merely adjusting his collar, trying to make it seem as if no one in the room was about to see him being choked to death. Still, his pale face was getting redder by the second, and Ren waited one more long moment before he decided to let him go. It was a dangerous game he was playing, but he couldn’t help himself, which was exactly why Hux had said what he did, to see what sort of reaction he could elicit, and Ren had allowed himself to lose control. That would not do well for him in the future. She was leverage now, and what was worse, Hux knew it. “As the Supreme Leader directed, the girl is under my charge and you would do well to remember that she is none of your concern,” Ren snaps, lifting his chin slightly to draw himself up to full height. “Careful, Ren,” Hux sniffs as he adjusts his collar, squaring his shoulders to seem just as tall. “That your personal interests not interfere with our true orders from Supreme Leader Snoke.” Ren glowers at him, but Hux glowers right back, and time seems to freeze around them as they stare each other down, each daring the other to blink first. Fortunately or unfortunately, neither reveals themselves weaker as their silent competition is interrupted. “Captain Phasma,” Hux says without turning to look at her, his eyes still fixed on the slit in Ren’s mask. “What have you to report?” “The rooms have all been cleared, sir,” Phasma responds promptly, glancing between him and Ren as if she knew exactly what this was about. “Good,” Hux says, finally pulling his eyes away with the implicit excuse of addressing Phasma. “Any contraband?” “None,” Phasma replies, and while Hux just nods his head in approval, Ren can sense something else, whether through her tone or through a shift in her energy that he was only able to pick up on through the Force. She was hiding something, or not telling them something, which was extremely unlike her. Ren didn’t really need to think twice as to why. She had taken somewhat of a liking to you, he was able to sense that, although he wasn’t quite sure why. Maybe she saw something of herself in you, but he didn’t honestly know her well enough to say. He knew you, though, and he knew if Phasma had found something in your room that she didn’t want to tell Hux about, that it was definitely worth investigating. Interest piqued, he leaves the command center without another glance back, not that Hux would truly question him any further today. While his outburst would probably lose him a great deal in the future, it at least afforded him some privacy today as he headed back to his chambers, where he knew you were no doubt awake. He knew you were up, he could sense your thoughts as he approached, and while he couldn’t get a fix as to just what you were thinking, he could feel them, tempered excitement with a hint of nostalgia. Still, he could sense your mood shift slightly, and then become outright alarm when he walked through the door. For a moment, he almost dared to believe that it was because of him, that you truly feared him this much, before he remembered that Phasma had given you something she didn’t want anyone else to know about. As he enters the entrance to the bedroom, he can see you standing there, breathing heavily, one hand firmly grasping the hem of your shirt while the other was balled into a tight fist at your side. As he walks towards you, you seem to relax slightly as he stops and removes his helmet, letting you see his face, letting you know that you had nothing to fear from him. If Hux truly was set on coming after you, he was going to have to earn your trust quickly, and he wasn’t so sure that he had it yet, not after everything that had happened. “What’s wrong?” “Nothing’s wrong,” is the immediate reply, and Ren can’t help but frown. He was trying, wasn’t he? He was fucking trying, playing nice, coming in, removing his helmet and asking what was wrong, when he could so very easily take the information he wanted for himself. He didn’t need to be nice to you, but he wanted to be, and that was seemingly something in itself. He can tell by your awkward gait that you’re hiding something on your person, and it’s clear you’re not going to tell him what it is. Instead, he takes a step forward to kiss you, his gloved fingers of one hand resting against your cheek to keep you distracted while his other hand quickly wraps around your waist to grab the narrow object hidden at the small of your back, concealed just under your shirt. With his Force reflexes, he quickly breaks the kiss and pulls away, turning around so that he could see what it was for himself. He can feel you stupidly trying to lunge over one shoulder and pull it out of his reach, and without thinking, he immediately uses the Force to hold you in place. He regretted it immediately as he had done it, but it wasn’t his fault that you were hiding things from him. If he wanted to protect you, which he did, you couldn’t hide anything from him, and the more you tried to, the less he would be able to keep you safe. “What’s this?” he asks, still trying to keep good humor in his voice for your sake. In truth, he was more curious than annoyed, mostly because he had never known Phasma to keep anything from Hux. It didn’t take him long to realize that it was one of the staffs from the training room, although, in truth, it was far more mundane a surprise than he had almost expected it to be. Still, he could appreciate why she wouldn’t want to tell Hux that she had given you a weapon, or him, for that matter. He had choked you weeks ago, and while you had forgiven him for it, somehow it still seemed like Phasma hadn’t moved on from that yet. As he thinks, he absent-mindedly spins the staff around in one hand like he used to do when Luke was teaching him how to use his lightsaber when he was just a young padawan. In truth, he doesn’t even realize he’s doing it until he can feel your energy shift from frightened to curious as he spins it through the air, switching it from hand to hand before he brings it back around to his side. “A weapon?” he asks, as if scandalized. “Where did you get this?” It’s an easy question, just give me an easy answer. Please, just tell me the truth. “Nowhere.” Ren’s face falls. He can’t help himself. He wanted to keep you so badly, but he couldn’t do this. He couldn’t. He thought you were starting to come around yesterday, but if you were set to hide everything from him, then there was no way he was going to be able to protect you when you wouldn’t trust him. “It was a present,” you admit at length, and Ren’s features soften slightly. “A present?” he echoes, silently hoping that this time he would actually get an answer to his question. He already knew the answer; he just wanted to know that you wouldn’t lie to him, wouldn’t keep anything from him. “From who?” You hesitate for a brief moment, as if mentally making a list of the pros and the cons to an honest answer, before you decide to give one. “Captain Phasma,” you venture at length. “She gave it to me a while ago, after I started taking her self-defense classes. She just gave it back to me again today when she brought my things. She thought it might cheer me up.” He stares at you, almost surprised by the candor of your answer. Before you had been beyond reticent, and now you were suddenly not only honest, but forthcoming? What games were you trying to play with him? Did you not realize how high the stakes still were, that you were in very real danger and he was the only one who could help you? Not even Phasma would dare defy Hux if it meant saving your life, no, that was something that was reserved for him and him alone. “You can’t conceal anything from me,” he warns, trying to let you know just how dangerous a game this was without alarming you too much. If he told you Hux was specifically targeting you, he didn’t know how you might react. You might try to escape on your own, and he couldn’t allow that. Not only would you fail to escape, but you would lose your life in the process, and it suddenly became more than clear to him how much your absence might cost him. No, if he could not appeal to you by being nice, then there was only one way he could think of in order to make you understand that you needed to be honest with him. “I asked you a question and you refused to give me a straight answer,” he continues. “So now…” He allows his voice to trail off as he places his gloved palm against your temple, and he watches as you screw up your face and ball your hands up into fists at your sides, heaving your shoulders as you prepare for the worst. He hates to see you this way, he really does, but this seemed like the only way to make you understand that you could trust him. He had to be cruel to be kind, it seemed; if you would not respond to kindness, perhaps fear would elicit the truth from you, until you realized that he truly meant you no harm. He watches the scene unfold as Phasma comes in and hands you your staff without any real interest. While he was curious to see if Phasma had mentioned him at all to see how you would react to hearing his name while he wasn’t there, she didn’t, and there was nothing new to be learned from this encounter. Although, that wasn’t necessarily quite true. The staff brought up memories for you, happy memories, and along with them came a name, Ladson , although he didn’t want to pry any deeper, not right now, not when he saw how much he was clearly hurting you. Quickly, he pulls his hand away, and it almost hurt him to hear your long, shaky sigh of relief. Without waiting to make sure it was okay, he pulls you into his arms as he presses his lips against yours, cradling the back of your head in one large hand as he tries to comfort you. “I won’t have to do that if you’re honest with me,” he says softly. “Do you understand?” “Yes,” you echo in his same soft tone as you glance away from him, and now it’s his turn to release a sigh of his own. You thought that he was a monster, someone that was intent on hurting you, when that couldn’t be further from the truth. Granted, he had already given you plenty of reason to think that way, but couldn’t you see he was trying to put that behind him? He was trying not to do that anymore, and he was determined to protect you the best way he knew how. “I don’t want you to be afraid of me,” he pushes, and you must sense something in his voice as you glance back up at him. There was something in your expression, as if a part of you really did believe that, and he can’t help but feel his expression soften as he tucks a strand of hair behind your ear. He can feel you relax slightly underneath his large hands, as if his lesson was finally starting to sink in. “But I can’t protect you if you try to keep things from me.” “I’m sorry,” you offer, your voice placating before it hardens, at least somewhat. “I won’t disappoint you again.” “Good.” His tone is cool and clipped, hoping to put this matter behind you once and for all. He presses one more swift kiss against your lips before he hands your staff back to you and picks up his helmet. “Does this mean you’re allowing me to keep it?” you ask nervously as you turn it over between your palms, and he’s almost surprised by how smooth and fluid the motion comes off your hands. “It was a gift,” he replies with a careless shrug of his shoulders, still trying to drive home the point that this was never about the staff. He honestly couldn’t care less if you had it; what was one staff going to do against the might of his lightsaber? “I trust her judgement.” He slips on his helmet before continuing. “It appears you are quite skilled with it. Keep training. I will return tonight.” He turns around quickly to leave, and he can feel a quick wave of disappointment flood through you as you realized he was going. It almost pleased him how much he liked that, how much you missed him when he left, but truly, it was the only real sign that he had that you cared for him in return. So much else had occupied your thoughts these past few days that you hadn’t taken the time to sort through how you felt about him , but maybe that was a good thing. Maybe it would help to erase the burden of the terrible things he had done to you from your mind as you focused on the recent tragedies that had occurred. But you were going to have to work through them eventually, and although right now he wanted to spend more time with you, he could tell that you still needed time to work through everything that had happened. Like him, you required your time alone to allow yourself deep introspection with just you and your thoughts, and he was determined to give you that. He wanted to know you better, to understand just how your mind worked so that he would be able to understand you in turn, but there was more than one way to do that. After all, you had been the one to give him that name, and now he wanted to know what it meant. Ladson. There was a muted sense of happiness associated with the name, accompanied by an undercurrent of affection, and he needed to know why. --- He walked through the halls, each step set with purpose as he walked closer and closer to the lower parts of the base where the cells had been set, as an added measure to make it as difficult for prisoners to escape to the hangar as possible. As he grew closer, he could feel a steady hum in the back of his mind, the work of the Tortutaru’s active mind network. While they weren’t anywhere close to you now, he could sense that their connection to you was still quite powerful and he cursed himself for not being able to sense it sooner. The Tortutaru’s telepathic network was usually distinctive and easy to recognize to those who knew what they were looking for, but they had apparently gone to considerable lengths to make sure that he hadn’t been able to sense it in you. He hadn’t even known it was possible for them to shield your mind in such a way, but apparently they had, and he had been ignorant of it the entire time. His feet stop in front of the door to one of the cells, the one that belonged to Taro, specifically. Ren was a bit disappointed that it was more than clear that you had your own connection with Taro; disappointed, but not surprised. He waits for a moment until the Tortutaru picked up on his mental link, mentally translating his words into sentiment for Ren to understand them. Don’t hurt her. It surprisingly takes serious mental effort to prevent Ren from replying back that he won’t. Instead, he suppresses his mental urge to reassure him as his mental fortitude hardens into something much more sinister. And you think you’re in any position to make demands? For whatever reason, Taro ignores this callous reply. Does she know I’m alive? Ren pauses for a moment, as if considering his options. He could tell the truth. He could lie. Fortunately, the Tortutaru seemed to know surprisingly little about him, which meant that they weren’t able to get into his thoughts. No, they were safe behind his own Force shield, although now that he had opened up his connection with you, he wasn’t quite sure what information they might be able to glean. Fortunately, it appeared to be quite little, if anything. She knows what she needs to is his terse reply before he moves on. He wasn’t quite sure if replying in the affirmative might meant he would try to reach out to you, might ask you to help him escape, and that was simply out of the question. If he tried to escape, he would obviously make an attempt to take you with him, and Ren wasn’t quite sure if he would be able to deal with the fact that you left . Your presence had been an unwelcome intrusion that he had suddenly openly embraced, and to lose you now was a thought that he didn’t want to entertain. Which was exactly why he was here , instead of peering through your own thoughts to find out what he wanted to know. There were two perspectives to every story, and if he wouldn’t look inside your mind, there was, fortunately, another person who’s thoughts he didn’t mind probing. He had already sought out as many memories of you from Sadie’s mind while he had had the opportunity, just enough to see what your life had been like before you had arrived on the Starkiller Base, although he couldn’t help but peek at what you had said about him behind closed doors. After what he had heard, he almost wasn’t sure he wanted to again. But this was different. The boy hadn’t known about him, at least, that’s what he assumed. Apparently, the girl had known of his secret relationship with you for quite some time, had known that he had choked and almost killed you, and yet had kept her mouth shut about it. It secretly pleased him that his mission to get close to you had gone unimpeded; surely if she had told anyone, they would have made it considerably difficult for him to see you again. Although, was that true? While he had been able to see that the girl hadn’t told anyone, he had to almost force himself to remember that they had intended you to be bait for him, had intended for you to draw his attention, and if they had learned that you had almost died in the process, they might not have even interfered. The only reason they had tried to keep you from him is when they learned that your mental shield had collapsed, and they were afraid of the clandestine nature of your true mission possibly unintentionally being divulged. He could feel anger boiling through his blood now at just the thought of their deception, but in the back of his mind, he knew that it wasn’t just his anger. It was yours too; brilliant, self-righteous anger, and while it was justified, he had never seen you angry before, and if it was anything like his own, it was going to destroy you from the inside out. He didn’t know how to help, or why he even wanted to. He had no idea when he had suddenly gotten so attached to the thought of having you, of keeping you, and then, for some reason, those thoughts had shifted to caring for you of their own accord. He wasn’t even sure how to properly care for another human being; he could barely take care of himself, let alone even attempt to care for another, but fortunately for him, you seemed quite independent in your own right. You asked for nothing of him, and while a part of him was grateful for that, he couldn’t deny that he needed you. He didn’t want to admit that he did, but the distress that he felt when he thought about losing you wasn’t worth dwelling over; he would do whatever he had to in order to keep you, and that was that. Which led him to what he was supposed to be doing to begin with. He let his feet take him over to the door of Ladson’s cell as he swiped his hand to one side and opened it with the Force. Ladson himself looked to have been pacing, as he’s standing on a spot just off the center of the floor as Ren walks in. He doesn’t appear scared, although his forehead is creased and the corners of his mouth are turned down at the corners. Ren steps into the room and lets the door slide shut behind him, and for a moment, no one speaks. No one says anything. It’s Ladson who speaks first. “How is she?” His voice sounds concerned, but there’s something else in it too. He’s reserved, wary, as though he may not like the answer that he’s about to hear. “Alive,” Ren replies tersely, but the effect on Ladson is immediate as he visibly relaxes, closing his eyes as he sighs and lets his shoulders slump. “I suppose it would be asking too much to get to see her to confirm for myself?” Ladson asks as he glances back up at him, but Ren merely appraises him through the mask and says nothing. “Yeah, didn’t think so.” Ren tilts his head to the side, as if recognizing something in his tone. “You care for her.” “As a friend,” Ladson replies quickly, and the alarm is palpable on his face as he rightfully feared the implications of Ren’s jealousy. Regardless, Ren takes a step forward, but Ladson only seems to harden his resolve as he takes a step back, his hands clenching into fists at his sides as if he was prepared to fight. His expression seems to change somewhat as he surveys the situation. “Wait, does she know I’m alive? Does she know that I’m in here?” A smile quirks at the corners of Ren’s lips; clearly, he had not expected your friend to be as smart as he was. “She knows enough,” he says simply. “She knows that there is no chance that she has to save you.” Ladson seems able to read between the lines as he straightens back up a bit, although he is still staying a safe distance away. “What do you want with me, then?” he asks as he crosses his arms over his chest. “Because when I tell you that I don’t know anything, I mean that I really don’t. You can use that mind trick to get into my head, but it’s not going to help you.” “Oh, I think you can,” Ren says as he takes another menacing step forward, and Ladson only has a brief moment to allow a look of realization to cross over his features before he’s pushed backwards into the wall by a surge of the Force. Ren holds out his hand as he bids the memories to come forward, but when they do, it’s not the one that he expects. “I’m worried about her.” “Me too.” Ren pauses for a moment as he lets the voices of Sadie and Ladson into his mind. Sadie was sitting cross-legged on her bed in the middle of the room while Ladson paced back and forth across the length of the room, his thumb and forefinger closed around the wrist as he paced with his arms folded behind him. This was a recent memory, and one that Ren suddenly found very, very interesting. “How can you be worried about her, you’re the one that got her into this to begin with,” Sadie snaps. “You were with B when he found out she was with him. You could have lied, or, I don’t know, you could have thought of something.” “I didn’t know what to do either,” Ladson replies quickly, although there is an unmistakable edge to his voice. “I was half-asleep. I just know I heard something and I went out into the living room, and B was there too, trying to figure out what was going on, just as I was.” “But you knew-” Sadie counters, but Ladson just shakes his head. “I knew it was someone,” Ladson replies. “Look, she told me she had been with someone , and I saw the marks on her neck, but I didn’t know anything. At least B didn’t find out who she was with, or I don’t know what he would have done to her.” He turns as he looks back at Sadie, who shifts uncomfortably as she looks away. “And you really mean it? You’re not just fucking with me?” “No,” Sadie says, her voice wavering with emotion. “No, it’s him.” “Fuck,” Ladson whispers under his breath as he kicks vacantly into the air in front of him. “Fuck, I still can’t believe it. I know she told me that’s who it was, but how was I supposed to believe her, you know?” Sadie just nods her head forward, as if she doesn’t really want to say much more than that. “And you’re sure B doesn’t know?” “I don’t think he does,” Sadie replies softly as she shakes her head from side to side, as if her thoughts were somewhere very far off. “I don’t think he does, but I can’t say for sure.” “He has to know,” Ladson insists as he stops in front of the bed. “Why else would he want to make sure no one got to see her? Or talk to her?” He crosses and uncrosses his arms over his chest. “He has to know something.” Sadie’s expression shifts as she stares into the corner of the room but says nothing. “Anyway, it doesn’t matter. We have to get her out of here.” “What?” Sadie asks as she looks up at him sharply. “What are you talking about?” “We need to get her out of here,” Ladson repeats. “Look, I don’t know about you, but something is very wrong here. I honestly don’t know what it is, but something about this whole situation stinks. Don’t you feel it too?” “I-” Sadie stops suddenly as she shakes her head from side to side, as if to clear her thoughts. “Okay, maybe something is going on, but what do you mean by get her out of here?” “Off this base,” Ladson replies firmly. “If she and Ren really are, I don’t know, close , it’s only going to be a matter of time until he realizes what B’s decided to do, and how do you think he’s going to react to that?” “How do we know that he doesn’t already know?” Sadie asks as she looks up at him. “B might have already told them. We don’t know anything yet.” “We know we have to go,” Ladson says simply as he comes around to sit on the side of her bed. “Look, I know this is going to sound crazy, but I think Shayne is right. Something weird is going on with the Storm Troopers, and to be honest, I don’t want to stick around to figure out what it is, especially if Ren is involved. We need to grab her and head out on the first ship back home as soon as we can.” “And how do you expect to do that?” Sadie asks as she narrows her eyes at him. Ladson’s gaze hardens as he pushes himself off the bed and begins to pace again, and Sadie quickly slides forward on the bed closer to him. “I agree, okay? I agree. We can’t stay here and it’s dangerous for her to stay too. It’s dangerous for all of us but you’re talking about escaping. Do you even know how to fly anything?” “My father used to fly commercial transports,” Ladson replies as he shakes his head. “They’re not really the same as what the First Order probably has, but I’m a quick study.” “It’s not just flying a ship I’m worried about,” Sadie continues. “There are guards everywhere. How are you so sure we can even get to the hangar?” Ladson just lets out a sigh as he scratches the back of his head. “Do you want to stay here?” he asks. “Because it sounds like you want to stay, and believe me, if you do-” “No,” Sadie exclaims quickly, her eyes going wide. “No, I don’t want to stay here and I don’t want her to stay here either. We all need to go as fast as possible.” She shakes her head. “I’m just trying to think of a feasible way to escape without getting us all killed. I wish we could talk to her. She’d know what to do.” “Then what would she do?” Ladson asks as he spreads his hands at his sides, as if this was simply a matter of reaching the most favorable solution. “Last time we were stuck together, she reached out to Taro for help and Captain Phasma came. Do you think she might be able to help us? I think she favors her, and if she asks why she’s not coming to class anymore, we could maybe explain what’s going on, and then she could…what are you doing, why are you shaking your head like that?” “Putting yourself in her position…” Sadie’s voice trails off for a moment before she tilts her chin to look up at him, her large brown eyes wide and concerned. “She wouldn’t go.” “She’s basically a prisoner in her own room,” Ladson says dismissively as he shakes her head. “Why wouldn’t she go? There’s nothing for her here.” Sadie shifts uncomfortably, and Ladson can’t help but let out an incredulous laugh. “No way, Sadie, no way. It’s just sex, that’s got to be all there is. You don’t think she’d actually develop feelings for him?” To her credit, Sadie doesn’t delay in her answer. “I think it’s a bit past that point,” she says quietly. “I think she might be in love with him.” “No way,” Ladson says as he shakes his head from side to side. “No way, no way she would fall for someone like him. She’s too, I don’t know, grounded? She wouldn’t-” “He almost killed her before,” Sadie says quietly, playing idly with one of the sleeves on her shirt. “But then she still got involved with him, even after that. I don’t know what she’s thinking, or what she might be trying to do, but she never told me anything, if she knows anything.” “Knows anything?” Ladson says dismissively as he shakes his head. “No, I was there with her. I don’t think she knows anything more than the rest of us.” He starts pacing again, fortunately just missing the guilty look that flashes across Sadie’s features. “And besides, how do you know that she wants this? You said it yourself that he almost killed her. Maybe she’s too petrified of him to refuse him.” “Does she seem petrified to you?” Sadie asks as she raises an eyebrow and looks up at him. Still, she doesn’t give him time to answer. “No, she doesn’t, because she’s not afraid of him. She really likes him, Ladson, and I don’t think she’d come with us. If we offered her a way out, I think she’d stay.” “But he hasn’t come for her yet?” Ladson ventures, and Sadie simply looks down as she shakes her head. “Maybe he doesn’t know, but I kind of doubt it. Maybe something went wrong and it’s over between them?” “We have no way of knowing,” Sadie says as she shakes her head. “You saw the device B put on her door. She can’t get out, we can’t get in, and if we try to whisper through the door it’ll record our voices so he knows what we’ve said. He really doesn’t want us having any contact with her, and it’s scary now. I don’t know what to do, I really don’t.” Ladson just lets out a long, frustrated sigh. “Look, there’s something going on that we’re not being told,” he continues. “We’re in danger. We’re all in danger. As risky as it is, escaping may be the safest thing for all of us right now.” He pulls his hands into fists at his sides as he hardens his resolve. “Getting home is the safest thing, for her, and for all of us, and I’ll do whatever it takes to make that happen, okay?” Ren breaks the connection suddenly, not needing to see any more. The boy was sincere. He would help you and your friends escape, given the opportunity, which only meant that he had to make sure that he never had that opportunity. He was a threat that would have to be eliminated. Ladson is slumped back against the wall, holding his temples between both hands, as if trying to convince himself that his brain was still in one piece in his skull. The information that he had found was interesting, yes, and he’d have to dwell more on it later, but it suddenly struck him that he hadn’t yet gotten what he had originally come for. Without warning, Ladson flies backward into the wall again as Ren focuses and takes a quick look into his mind to see what he wanted. This would have to be much quicker, as Ladson was quickly losing consciousness from the unbearable amount of pain that he was going through, a fact which frustrated Ren more than he could adequately describe. The memories had already started to blur together, but in the back of Ladson’s mind, Ren could just make out him sparring with you, drinking out of a silver flask while sitting on your floor and commiserating about the affairs of the day, or sparring like children learning how to fight for the first time. He watches the amateur punches with locked arms and the off-balance kicks that were aimed too high and had so little balance behind them that it would be more comical to watch him slip and fall on his own than try to bring him down in his own right. Still, as the weeks progressed in your classes, it seemed that Ladson had come back almost each and every day to practice with you, and your forms were quickly improving. Ren wasn’t sure if he should be pleased by this; he didn’t feel at all concerned by your progress, but the boy was staunchly determined to take you away from him, and in that regard, he could be considered a threat. Still, it was difficult to say. He watched one night in particular as you jumped up and imitated kicking him in the groin before he grabbed your foot, holding your ankle tightly in both hands as you hopped on one foot and struggled to maintain your balance without falling as you attempted to pull away. “You know, after three days of this, you’d think you would be able to block me by now,” you tease as you continue to try to wiggle out of his grasp. “Well, my hands are full,” Ladson huffs comically as he finally opens his hands and releases you. You hop on one foot again to retain your balance before you take a few steps back and signal for him to come towards you. He kicks at your chest with one long leg, but Ren is pleased to see you block his foot with the outside of your arm, pushing it out sideways to make him lose his balance. The motion works as intended, and Ladson leans over and has to grab the desk for support to keep from tipping over. “If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you were getting good at this.” “You are too,” you reply. “Pretty soon the First Order is going to be onto us. They’re going to get wind of our epic fighting ability and make us join their army.” “Don’t even joke-” he replies, and it looks like he’s about to say more before Ladson emits a sharp cry and Ren could feel his concentration wavering. As much as he wanted to see more of what you were like with your friends when he wasn’t around, the boy was going to pass out, or worse, and then he would never be able to afford another opportunity to look into his mind. He broke the connection. Ladson slumps to the floor and curls up in the fetal position, holding his arms over his head as if in surrender, or in a vain attempt to block out the bright, sterile light above him. Ren considered ending his life right then and there, but no, he couldn’t do it. He couldn’t kill him. If he did, there was a chance that you would find out and you would never forgive him for it. Besides, you had given him a much better option without even realizing that you were doing it. The boy’s form was sloppy now, but he did show potential, and the First Order was always looking to recruit new soldiers. No, there was a chance that he could become much, much more useful to him later on, and it was clear that Ladson was worth much more to him alive. Without saying anything more, Ren turned on his heel and headed back to his room. He had obtained a great deal of interesting information, but he needed both time and privacy to think, and with you suddenly occupying his room, it afforded him neither. Still, he couldn’t say that he truly minded all that much. Now that you were here, there were other things that you could provide him with, and Ren could say with a great deal of certainty that this was something that truly did please him. He didn’t have to worry about your safety with you held under guard in his quarters, nor did he have to worry about you escaping. With your friends locked up and under guard themselves, and with you ignorant of their whereabouts on base, it was doubtful that you would even entertain the notion of escape, and thus he deemed he was more or less safe from losing you. At least for the time being. Notes: So there was a weird glitch where this chapter said it was posted but still existed as a draft...I finally heard back from ao3 support and it looks like it's posted now. Chapter 8 Notes: Story: A Flare in the Dark Perspective: Kylo Ren Chapter: Parallel to chapter 18, when Kylo Ren discovers your staff Characters: Kylo Ren, Reader, General Hux, Captain Phasma, Taro, Ladson, Sadie He absolutely hated this. He absolutely hated how he had to get up in the morning, and a flash of anger struck him when he remembered how his mother used to send in that ridiculous golden protocol droid to get him up in the morning when she was running late for one of her many meetings with the Senate. At least before he could say he was waking up with the intention of seeing you that night, comforted by thoughts of holding you in his arms while he slowly ran his hands along your warm, soft skin, but now you were here, in his arms, pressed up against him as you slept with one leg trapped between both of his. Despite everything that you had been through in the past few days, that hadn’t changed. He almost would have thought that you would resent him for leaving you locked in the isolation of your room from B’s punishment, but he was silently relieved that you didn’t seem to hold that against him. No, too much else had happened for you to hold him accountable for that tragic affair too. You had probably watched one of your mentors die in that stuffy white cell, and he could tell from your recent thoughts that you were still in shock over everything that had happened and you hadn’t had time to process each event clearly, at least, not yet. He was worried about you, or at least, he told himself he was. Normal people would be worried about the people they cared about, but he couldn’t honestly tell if he was truly worried about you or he just thought that he should feel that way. He knew he didn’t like to see you upset, but he wasn’t sure whether that was because he could feel your emotions or because that was how he genuinely felt. It was becoming harder and harder to tell the difference between what he felt from within himself and what he felt through the bond that was quickly establishing itself between you, but he didn’t feel a need to fight it. He didn’t. He was strong enough to control anything, even you, and he never felt threatened by the thought of the reverse coming to pass. That first morning away, he had reluctantly eased himself out of your arms, upper lip quirking upwards into an involuntary smile as he watched you stir without his constant warmth there to comfort you, moving into the spot of residual warmth his large frame had left on the mattress as you rolled onto your stomach and wrapped both arms around his pillow, burying the side of your face into the thin fabric. He bent down slowly and kissed your forehead, brushing your hair back with one hand before he stood up to his full height and began to dress slowly. What was the point of even going out? All that he wanted was right there behind him, but in truth, there were a few issues that he had to take care of. He didn’t want to go, and he could have easily said he was spending the morning interrogating you, but he just knew that Hux was already suspicious enough as it was, and he didn’t need to add any fuel to that fire. He wasn’t sure how much Supreme Leader Snoke knew of his affairs, but Hux was nosy, and what was worse, Hux would gossip. He didn’t know who he would say anything to, exactly, but Ren wanted to make sure his relationship with you was as private as possible, lest others see it as a weakness, using you to get to him. Hux could, and given the opportunity, Hux would , he had no doubts about that. Hux had been absolutely insufferable from the beginning once he had caught on, and insisting on keeping you in his private quarters instead of one of the cells was already probably more than Hux could stand, not that he would ever admit it to his face. No, he was the one person that Ren could not fool regarding his feelings towards you, and he despised the fact that he had given Hux this power over him without consciously realizing he was doing so. Slowly slipping away behind his helmet, he refused to go back in and look at you once more, afraid that he might decide that he simply couldn’t leave your side. Instead, he walked through the narrow halls with his eyes trained front and center, black, polished boots clicking against the scrubbed tiles of the base’s hard floors before he finally arrived at the command center, which was as impeccably polished as Hux himself tried to appear. Ren spotted him from across the room, standing at parade rest while staring through the clear crystalline windows, eyes trained on a distant star. As he approached, Hux must have caught his reflection in the glass, as he greets him without turning around. “Ah, Ren, so good of you to grace us with your presence this morning.” Ren grits his teeth once, but otherwise says nothing. Those morning meetings had simply been a formality, a show put on for the Tortutaru and the interpreters alike in order to try to figure out what they were up to. It was Hux who truly liked to listen to himself talk, about anything, and Ren could only imagine that he insisted on mandating those meetings just so that he could continue to have a reason for a captive audience. “Considering how proud you must be that the Tortutaru’s plans were finally revealed, I doubted there would have been any space for me in the room,” he ventures at last, and Hux’s expression sours considerably. If Ren hadn’t been there, Hux would have been played for a fool, and this was not something that Ren was going to let him forget so easily. “If I find out that you had been sitting on that information for longer than necessary just to spend more time with that wretched girl,” Hux warns, but his voice cuts off as his eyes catch something, some imperceptible movement on Ren’s part. Hux glances down and to the side before glancing back up, a smirk pulling at the corners of his thin lips. “Ah, and how is she getting along?” “She is no longer your concern,” Ren replies promptly, simply, letting the voice distortion of his mask provide all the intimidation that he needed. Even so, Hux seems completely unaffected. “I should say she’s not,” Hux continues as he turns back to stare through the tall windows again. “I’ve sent Captain Phasma to dispose of their effects. I don’t think they’ll be needing them anymore.” He pauses for a moment as he turns back to Ren. “Although, you must indulge me. How did she react when you told her that you killed her teacher? Was she so eager to fuck you even then, or did you have to use the Force to subdue her?” He can’t help himself. Hux’s face contorts as he suddenly finds it impossible to push air in and out of his lungs, and he moves one hand to his throat as if he was merely adjusting his collar, trying to make it seem as if no one in the room was about to see him being choked to death. Still, his pale face was getting redder by the second, and Ren waited one more long moment before he decided to let him go. It was a dangerous game he was playing, but he couldn’t help himself, which was exactly why Hux had said what he did, to see what sort of reaction he could elicit, and Ren had allowed himself to lose control. That would not do well for him in the future. She was leverage now, and what was worse, Hux knew it. “As the Supreme Leader directed, the girl is under my charge and you would do well to remember that she is none of your concern,” Ren snaps, lifting his chin slightly to draw himself up to full height. “Careful, Ren,” Hux sniffs as he adjusts his collar, squaring his shoulders to seem just as tall. “That your personal interests not interfere with our true orders from Supreme Leader Snoke.” Ren glowers at him, but Hux glowers right back, and time seems to freeze around them as they stare each other down, each daring the other to blink first. Fortunately or unfortunately, neither reveals themselves weaker as their silent competition is interrupted. “Captain Phasma,” Hux says without turning to look at her, his eyes still fixed on the slit in Ren’s mask. “What have you to report?” “The rooms have all been cleared, sir,” Phasma responds promptly, glancing between him and Ren as if she knew exactly what this was about. “Good,” Hux says, finally pulling his eyes away with the implicit excuse of addressing Phasma. “Any contraband?” “None,” Phasma replies, and while Hux just nods his head in approval, Ren can sense something else, whether through her tone or through a shift in her energy that he was only able to pick up on through the Force. She was hiding something, or not telling them something, which was extremely unlike her. Ren didn’t really need to think twice as to why. She had taken somewhat of a liking to you, he was able to sense that, although he wasn’t quite sure why. Maybe she saw something of herself in you, but he didn’t honestly know her well enough to say. He knew you, though, and he knew if Phasma had found something in your room that she didn’t want to tell Hux about, that it was definitely worth investigating. Interest piqued, he leaves the command center without another glance back, not that Hux would truly question him any further today. While his outburst would probably lose him a great deal in the future, it at least afforded him some privacy today as he headed back to his chambers, where he knew you were no doubt awake. He knew you were up, he could sense your thoughts as he approached, and while he couldn’t get a fix as to just what you were thinking, he could feel them, tempered excitement with a hint of nostalgia. Still, he could sense your mood shift slightly, and then become outright alarm when he walked through the door. For a moment, he almost dared to believe that it was because of him, that you truly feared him this much, before he remembered that Phasma had given you something she didn’t want anyone else to know about. As he enters the entrance to the bedroom, he can see you standing there, breathing heavily, one hand firmly grasping the hem of your shirt while the other was balled into a tight fist at your side. As he walks towards you, you seem to relax slightly as he stops and removes his helmet, letting you see his face, letting you know that you had nothing to fear from him. If Hux truly was set on coming after you, he was going to have to earn your trust quickly, and he wasn’t so sure that he had it yet, not after everything that had happened. “What’s wrong?” “Nothing’s wrong,” is the immediate reply, and Ren can’t help but frown. He was trying, wasn’t he? He was fucking trying, playing nice, coming in, removing his helmet and asking what was wrong, when he could so very easily take the information he wanted for himself. He didn’t need to be nice to you, but he wanted to be, and that was seemingly something in itself. He can tell by your awkward gait that you’re hiding something on your person, and it’s clear you’re not going to tell him what it is. Instead, he takes a step forward to kiss you, his gloved fingers of one hand resting against your cheek to keep you distracted while his other hand quickly wraps around your waist to grab the narrow object hidden at the small of your back, concealed just under your shirt. With his Force reflexes, he quickly breaks the kiss and pulls away, turning around so that he could see what it was for himself. He can feel you stupidly trying to lunge over one shoulder and pull it out of his reach, and without thinking, he immediately uses the Force to hold you in place. He regretted it immediately as he had done it, but it wasn’t his fault that you were hiding things from him. If he wanted to protect you, which he did, you couldn’t hide anything from him, and the more you tried to, the less he would be able to keep you safe. “What’s this?” he asks, still trying to keep good humor in his voice for your sake. In truth, he was more curious than annoyed, mostly because he had never known Phasma to keep anything from Hux. It didn’t take him long to realize that it was one of the staffs from the training room, although, in truth, it was far more mundane a surprise than he had almost expected it to be. Still, he could appreciate why she wouldn’t want to tell Hux that she had given you a weapon, or him, for that matter. He had choked you weeks ago, and while you had forgiven him for it, somehow it still seemed like Phasma hadn’t moved on from that yet. As he thinks, he absent-mindedly spins the staff around in one hand like he used to do when Luke was teaching him how to use his lightsaber when he was just a young padawan. In truth, he doesn’t even realize he’s doing it until he can feel your energy shift from frightened to curious as he spins it through the air, switching it from hand to hand before he brings it back around to his side. “A weapon?” he asks, as if scandalized. “Where did you get this?” It’s an easy question, just give me an easy answer. Please, just tell me the truth. “Nowhere.” Ren’s face falls. He can’t help himself. He wanted to keep you so badly, but he couldn’t do this. He couldn’t. He thought you were starting to come around yesterday, but if you were set to hide everything from him, then there was no way he was going to be able to protect you when you wouldn’t trust him. “It was a present,” you admit at length, and Ren’s features soften slightly. “A present?” he echoes, silently hoping that this time he would actually get an answer to his question. He already knew the answer; he just wanted to know that you wouldn’t lie to him, wouldn’t keep anything from him. “From who?” You hesitate for a brief moment, as if mentally making a list of the pros and the cons to an honest answer, before you decide to give one. “Captain Phasma,” you venture at length. “She gave it to me a while ago, after I started taking her self-defense classes. She just gave it back to me again today when she brought my things. She thought it might cheer me up.” He stares at you, almost surprised by the candor of your answer. Before you had been beyond reticent, and now you were suddenly not only honest, but forthcoming? What games were you trying to play with him? Did you not realize how high the stakes still were, that you were in very real danger and he was the only one who could help you? Not even Phasma would dare defy Hux if it meant saving your life, no, that was something that was reserved for him and him alone. “You can’t conceal anything from me,” he warns, trying to let you know just how dangerous a game this was without alarming you too much. If he told you Hux was specifically targeting you, he didn’t know how you might react. You might try to escape on your own, and he couldn’t allow that. Not only would you fail to escape, but you would lose your life in the process, and it suddenly became more than clear to him how much your absence might cost him. No, if he could not appeal to you by being nice, then there was only one way he could think of in order to make you understand that you needed to be honest with him. “I asked you a question and you refused to give me a straight answer,” he continues. “So now…” He allows his voice to trail off as he places his gloved palm against your temple, and he watches as you screw up your face and ball your hands up into fists at your sides, heaving your shoulders as you prepare for the worst. He hates to see you this way, he really does, but this seemed like the only way to make you understand that you could trust him. He had to be cruel to be kind, it seemed; if you would not respond to kindness, perhaps fear would elicit the truth from you, until you realized that he truly meant you no harm. He watches the scene unfold as Phasma comes in and hands you your staff without any real interest. While he was curious to see if Phasma had mentioned him at all to see how you would react to hearing his name while he wasn’t there, she didn’t, and there was nothing new to be learned from this encounter. Although, that wasn’t necessarily quite true. The staff brought up memories for you, happy memories, and along with them came a name, Ladson , although he didn’t want to pry any deeper, not right now, not when he saw how much he was clearly hurting you. Quickly, he pulls his hand away, and it almost hurt him to hear your long, shaky sigh of relief. Without waiting to make sure it was okay, he pulls you into his arms as he presses his lips against yours, cradling the back of your head in one large hand as he tries to comfort you. “I won’t have to do that if you’re honest with me,” he says softly. “Do you understand?” “Yes,” you echo in his same soft tone as you glance away from him, and now it’s his turn to release a sigh of his own. You thought that he was a monster, someone that was intent on hurting you, when that couldn’t be further from the truth. Granted, he had already given you plenty of reason to think that way, but couldn’t you see he was trying to put that behind him? He was trying not to do that anymore, and he was determined to protect you the best way he knew how. “I don’t want you to be afraid of me,” he pushes, and you must sense something in his voice as you glance back up at him. There was something in your expression, as if a part of you really did believe that, and he can’t help but feel his expression soften as he tucks a strand of hair behind your ear. He can feel you relax slightly underneath his large hands, as if his lesson was finally starting to sink in. “But I can’t protect you if you try to keep things from me.” “I’m sorry,” you offer, your voice placating before it hardens, at least somewhat. “I won’t disappoint you again.” “Good.” His tone is cool and clipped, hoping to put this matter behind you once and for all. He presses one more swift kiss against your lips before he hands your staff back to you and picks up his helmet. “Does this mean you’re allowing me to keep it?” you ask nervously as you turn it over between your palms, and he’s almost surprised by how smooth and fluid the motion comes off your hands. “It was a gift,” he replies with a careless shrug of his shoulders, still trying to drive home the point that this was never about the staff. He honestly couldn’t care less if you had it; what was one staff going to do against the might of his lightsaber? “I trust her judgement.” He slips on his helmet before continuing. “It appears you are quite skilled with it. Keep training. I will return tonight.” He turns around quickly to leave, and he can feel a quick wave of disappointment flood through you as you realized he was going. It almost pleased him how much he liked that, how much you missed him when he left, but truly, it was the only real sign that he had that you cared for him in return. So much else had occupied your thoughts these past few days that you hadn’t taken the time to sort through how you felt about him , but maybe that was a good thing. Maybe it would help to erase the burden of the terrible things he had done to you from your mind as you focused on the recent tragedies that had occurred. But you were going to have to work through them eventually, and although right now he wanted to spend more time with you, he could tell that you still needed time to work through everything that had happened. Like him, you required your time alone to allow yourself deep introspection with just you and your thoughts, and he was determined to give you that. He wanted to know you better, to understand just how your mind worked so that he would be able to understand you in turn, but there was more than one way to do that. After all, you had been the one to give him that name, and now he wanted to know what it meant. Ladson. There was a muted sense of happiness associated with the name, accompanied by an undercurrent of affection, and he needed to know why. --- He walked through the halls, each step set with purpose as he walked closer and closer to the lower parts of the base where the cells had been set, as an added measure to make it as difficult for prisoners to escape to the hangar as possible. As he grew closer, he could feel a steady hum in the back of his mind, the work of the Tortutaru’s active mind network. While they weren’t anywhere close to you now, he could sense that their connection to you was still quite powerful and he cursed himself for not being able to sense it sooner. The Tortutaru’s telepathic network was usually distinctive and easy to recognize to those who knew what they were looking for, but they had apparently gone to considerable lengths to make sure that he hadn’t been able to sense it in you. He hadn’t even known it was possible for them to shield your mind in such a way, but apparently they had, and he had been ignorant of it the entire time. His feet stop in front of the door to one of the cells, the one that belonged to Taro, specifically. Ren was a bit disappointed that it was more than clear that you had your own connection with Taro; disappointed, but not surprised. He waits for a moment until the Tortutaru picked up on his mental link, mentally translating his words into sentiment for Ren to understand them. Don’t hurt her. It surprisingly takes serious mental effort to prevent Ren from replying back that he won’t. Instead, he suppresses his mental urge to reassure him as his mental fortitude hardens into something much more sinister. And you think you’re in any position to make demands? For whatever reason, Taro ignores this callous reply. Does she know I’m alive? Ren pauses for a moment, as if considering his options. He could tell the truth. He could lie. Fortunately, the Tortutaru seemed to know surprisingly little about him, which meant that they weren’t able to get into his thoughts. No, they were safe behind his own Force shield, although now that he had opened up his connection with you, he wasn’t quite sure what information they might be able to glean. Fortunately, it appeared to be quite little, if anything. She knows what she needs to is his terse reply before he moves on. He wasn’t quite sure if replying in the affirmative might meant he would try to reach out to you, might ask you to help him escape, and that was simply out of the question. If he tried to escape, he would obviously make an attempt to take you with him, and Ren wasn’t quite sure if he would be able to deal with the fact that you left . Your presence had been an unwelcome intrusion that he had suddenly openly embraced, and to lose you now was a thought that he didn’t want to entertain. Which was exactly why he was here , instead of peering through your own thoughts to find out what he wanted to know. There were two perspectives to every story, and if he wouldn’t look inside your mind, there was, fortunately, another person who’s thoughts he didn’t mind probing. He had already sought out as many memories of you from Sadie’s mind while he had had the opportunity, just enough to see what your life had been like before you had arrived on the Starkiller Base, although he couldn’t help but peek at what you had said about him behind closed doors. After what he had heard, he almost wasn’t sure he wanted to again. But this was different. The boy hadn’t known about him, at least, that’s what he assumed. Apparently, the girl had known of his secret relationship with you for quite some time, had known that he had choked and almost killed you, and yet had kept her mouth shut about it. It secretly pleased him that his mission to get close to you had gone unimpeded; surely if she had told anyone, they would have made it considerably difficult for him to see you again. Although, was that true? While he had been able to see that the girl hadn’t told anyone, he had to almost force himself to remember that they had intended you to be bait for him, had intended for you to draw his attention, and if they had learned that you had almost died in the process, they might not have even interfered. The only reason they had tried to keep you from him is when they learned that your mental shield had collapsed, and they were afraid of the clandestine nature of your true mission possibly unintentionally being divulged. He could feel anger boiling through his blood now at just the thought of their deception, but in the back of his mind, he knew that it wasn’t just his anger. It was yours too; brilliant, self-righteous anger, and while it was justified, he had never seen you angry before, and if it was anything like his own, it was going to destroy you from the inside out. He didn’t know how to help, or why he even wanted to. He had no idea when he had suddenly gotten so attached to the thought of having you, of keeping you, and then, for some reason, those thoughts had shifted to caring for you of their own accord. He wasn’t even sure how to properly care for another human being; he could barely take care of himself, let alone even attempt to care for another, but fortunately for him, you seemed quite independent in your own right. You asked for nothing of him, and while a part of him was grateful for that, he couldn’t deny that he needed you. He didn’t want to admit that he did, but the distress that he felt when he thought about losing you wasn’t worth dwelling over; he would do whatever he had to in order to keep you, and that was that. Which led him to what he was supposed to be doing to begin with. He let his feet take him over to the door of Ladson’s cell as he swiped his hand to one side and opened it with the Force. Ladson himself looked to have been pacing, as he’s standing on a spot just off the center of the floor as Ren walks in. He doesn’t appear scared, although his forehead is creased and the corners of his mouth are turned down at the corners. Ren steps into the room and lets the door slide shut behind him, and for a moment, no one speaks. No one says anything. It’s Ladson who speaks first. “How is she?” His voice sounds concerned, but there’s something else in it too. He’s reserved, wary, as though he may not like the answer that he’s about to hear. “Alive,” Ren replies tersely, but the effect on Ladson is immediate as he visibly relaxes, closing his eyes as he sighs and lets his shoulders slump. “I suppose it would be asking too much to get to see her to confirm for myself?” Ladson asks as he glances back up at him, but Ren merely appraises him through the mask and says nothing. “Yeah, didn’t think so.” Ren tilts his head to the side, as if recognizing something in his tone. “You care for her.” “As a friend,” Ladson replies quickly, and the alarm is palpable on his face as he rightfully feared the implications of Ren’s jealousy. Regardless, Ren takes a step forward, but Ladson only seems to harden his resolve as he takes a step back, his hands clenching into fists at his sides as if he was prepared to fight. His expression seems to change somewhat as he surveys the situation. “Wait, does she know I’m alive? Does she know that I’m in here?” A smile quirks at the corners of Ren’s lips; clearly, he had not expected your friend to be as smart as he was. “She knows enough,” he says simply. “She knows that there is no chance that she has to save you.” Ladson seems able to read between the lines as he straightens back up a bit, although he is still staying a safe distance away. “What do you want with me, then?” he asks as he crosses his arms over his chest. “Because when I tell you that I don’t know anything, I mean that I really don’t. You can use that mind trick to get into my head, but it’s not going to help you.” “Oh, I think you can,” Ren says as he takes another menacing step forward, and Ladson only has a brief moment to allow a look of realization to cross over his features before he’s pushed backwards into the wall by a surge of the Force. Ren holds out his hand as he bids the memories to come forward, but when they do, it’s not the one that he expects. “I’m worried about her.” “Me too.” Ren pauses for a moment as he lets the voices of Sadie and Ladson into his mind. Sadie was sitting cross-legged on her bed in the middle of the room while Ladson paced back and forth across the length of the room, his thumb and forefinger closed around the wrist as he paced with his arms folded behind him. This was a recent memory, and one that Ren suddenly found very, very interesting. “How can you be worried about her, you’re the one that got her into this to begin with,” Sadie snaps. “You were with B when he found out she was with him. You could have lied, or, I don’t know, you could have thought of something.” “I didn’t know what to do either,” Ladson replies quickly, although there is an unmistakable edge to his voice. “I was half-asleep. I just know I heard something and I went out into the living room, and B was there too, trying to figure out what was going on, just as I was.” “But you knew-” Sadie counters, but Ladson just shakes his head. “I knew it was someone,” Ladson replies. “Look, she told me she had been with someone , and I saw the marks on her neck, but I didn’t know anything. At least B didn’t find out who she was with, or I don’t know what he would have done to her.” He turns as he looks back at Sadie, who shifts uncomfortably as she looks away. “And you really mean it? You’re not just fucking with me?” “No,” Sadie says, her voice wavering with emotion. “No, it’s him.” “Fuck,” Ladson whispers under his breath as he kicks vacantly into the air in front of him. “Fuck, I still can’t believe it. I know she told me that’s who it was, but how was I supposed to believe her, you know?” Sadie just nods her head forward, as if she doesn’t really want to say much more than that. “And you’re sure B doesn’t know?” “I don’t think he does,” Sadie replies softly as she shakes her head from side to side, as if her thoughts were somewhere very far off. “I don’t think he does, but I can’t say for sure.” “He has to know,” Ladson insists as he stops in front of the bed. “Why else would he want to make sure no one got to see her? Or talk to her?” He crosses and uncrosses his arms over his chest. “He has to know something.” Sadie’s expression shifts as she stares into the corner of the room but says nothing. “Anyway, it doesn’t matter. We have to get her out of here.” “What?” Sadie asks as she looks up at him sharply. “What are you talking about?” “We need to get her out of here,” Ladson repeats. “Look, I don’t know about you, but something is very wrong here. I honestly don’t know what it is, but something about this whole situation stinks. Don’t you feel it too?” “I-” Sadie stops suddenly as she shakes her head from side to side, as if to clear her thoughts. “Okay, maybe something is going on, but what do you mean by get her out of here?” “Off this base,” Ladson replies firmly. “If she and Ren really are, I don’t know, close , it’s only going to be a matter of time until he realizes what B’s decided to do, and how do you think he’s going to react to that?” “How do we know that he doesn’t already know?” Sadie asks as she looks up at him. “B might have already told them. We don’t know anything yet.” “We know we have to go,” Ladson says simply as he comes around to sit on the side of her bed. “Look, I know this is going to sound crazy, but I think Shayne is right. Something weird is going on with the Storm Troopers, and to be honest, I don’t want to stick around to figure out what it is, especially if Ren is involved. We need to grab her and head out on the first ship back home as soon as we can.” “And how do you expect to do that?” Sadie asks as she narrows her eyes at him. Ladson’s gaze hardens as he pushes himself off the bed and begins to pace again, and Sadie quickly slides forward on the bed closer to him. “I agree, okay? I agree. We can’t stay here and it’s dangerous for her to stay too. It’s dangerous for all of us but you’re talking about escaping. Do you even know how to fly anything?” “My father used to fly commercial transports,” Ladson replies as he shakes his head. “They’re not really the same as what the First Order probably has, but I’m a quick study.” “It’s not just flying a ship I’m worried about,” Sadie continues. “There are guards everywhere. How are you so sure we can even get to the hangar?” Ladson just lets out a sigh as he scratches the back of his head. “Do you want to stay here?” he asks. “Because it sounds like you want to stay, and believe me, if you do-” “No,” Sadie exclaims quickly, her eyes going wide. “No, I don’t want to stay here and I don’t want her to stay here either. We all need to go as fast as possible.” She shakes her head. “I’m just trying to think of a feasible way to escape without getting us all killed. I wish we could talk to her. She’d know what to do.” “Then what would she do?” Ladson asks as he spreads his hands at his sides, as if this was simply a matter of reaching the most favorable solution. “Last time we were stuck together, she reached out to Taro for help and Captain Phasma came. Do you think she might be able to help us? I think she favors her, and if she asks why she’s not coming to class anymore, we could maybe explain what’s going on, and then she could…what are you doing, why are you shaking your head like that?” “Putting yourself in her position…” Sadie’s voice trails off for a moment before she tilts her chin to look up at him, her large brown eyes wide and concerned. “She wouldn’t go.” “She’s basically a prisoner in her own room,” Ladson says dismissively as he shakes her head. “Why wouldn’t she go? There’s nothing for her here.” Sadie shifts uncomfortably, and Ladson can’t help but let out an incredulous laugh. “No way, Sadie, no way. It’s just sex, that’s got to be all there is. You don’t think she’d actually develop feelings for him?” To her credit, Sadie doesn’t delay in her answer. “I think it’s a bit past that point,” she says quietly. “I think she might be in love with him.” “No way,” Ladson says as he shakes his head from side to side. “No way, no way she would fall for someone like him. She’s too, I don’t know, grounded? She wouldn’t-” “He almost killed her before,” Sadie says quietly, playing idly with one of the sleeves on her shirt. “But then she still got involved with him, even after that. I don’t know what she’s thinking, or what she might be trying to do, but she never told me anything, if she knows anything.” “Knows anything?” Ladson says dismissively as he shakes his head. “No, I was there with her. I don’t think she knows anything more than the rest of us.” He starts pacing again, fortunately just missing the guilty look that flashes across Sadie’s features. “And besides, how do you know that she wants this? You said it yourself that he almost killed her. Maybe she’s too petrified of him to refuse him.” “Does she seem petrified to you?” Sadie asks as she raises an eyebrow and looks up at him. Still, she doesn’t give him time to answer. “No, she doesn’t, because she’s not afraid of him. She really likes him, Ladson, and I don’t think she’d come with us. If we offered her a way out, I think she’d stay.” “But he hasn’t come for her yet?” Ladson ventures, and Sadie simply looks down as she shakes her head. “Maybe he doesn’t know, but I kind of doubt it. Maybe something went wrong and it’s over between them?” “We have no way of knowing,” Sadie says as she shakes her head. “You saw the device B put on her door. She can’t get out, we can’t get in, and if we try to whisper through the door it’ll record our voices so he knows what we’ve said. He really doesn’t want us having any contact with her, and it’s scary now. I don’t know what to do, I really don’t.” Ladson just lets out a long, frustrated sigh. “Look, there’s something going on that we’re not being told,” he continues. “We’re in danger. We’re all in danger. As risky as it is, escaping may be the safest thing for all of us right now.” He pulls his hands into fists at his sides as he hardens his resolve. “Getting home is the safest thing, for her, and for all of us, and I’ll do whatever it takes to make that happen, okay?” Ren breaks the connection suddenly, not needing to see any more. The boy was sincere. He would help you and your friends escape, given the opportunity, which only meant that he had to make sure that he never had that opportunity. He was a threat that would have to be eliminated. Ladson is slumped back against the wall, holding his temples between both hands, as if trying to convince himself that his brain was still in one piece in his skull. The information that he had found was interesting, yes, and he’d have to dwell more on it later, but it suddenly struck him that he hadn’t yet gotten what he had originally come for. Without warning, Ladson flies backward into the wall again as Ren focuses and takes a quick look into his mind to see what he wanted. This would have to be much quicker, as Ladson was quickly losing consciousness from the unbearable amount of pain that he was going through, a fact which frustrated Ren more than he could adequately describe. The memories had already started to blur together, but in the back of Ladson’s mind, Ren could just make out him sparring with you, drinking out of a silver flask while sitting on your floor and commiserating about the affairs of the day, or sparring like children learning how to fight for the first time. He watches the amateur punches with locked arms and the off-balance kicks that were aimed too high and had so little balance behind them that it would be more comical to watch him slip and fall on his own than try to bring him down in his own right. Still, as the weeks progressed in your classes, it seemed that Ladson had come back almost each and every day to practice with you, and your forms were quickly improving. Ren wasn’t sure if he should be pleased by this; he didn’t feel at all concerned by your progress, but the boy was staunchly determined to take you away from him, and in that regard, he could be considered a threat. Still, it was difficult to say. He watched one night in particular as you jumped up and imitated kicking him in the groin before he grabbed your foot, holding your ankle tightly in both hands as you hopped on one foot and struggled to maintain your balance without falling as you attempted to pull away. “You know, after three days of this, you’d think you would be able to block me by now,” you tease as you continue to try to wiggle out of his grasp. “Well, my hands are full,” Ladson huffs comically as he finally opens his hands and releases you. You hop on one foot again to retain your balance before you take a few steps back and signal for him to come towards you. He kicks at your chest with one long leg, but Ren is pleased to see you block his foot with the outside of your arm, pushing it out sideways to make him lose his balance. The motion works as intended, and Ladson leans over and has to grab the desk for support to keep from tipping over. “If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you were getting good at this.” “You are too,” you reply. “Pretty soon the First Order is going to be onto us. They’re going to get wind of our epic fighting ability and make us join their army.” “Don’t even joke-” he replies, and it looks like he’s about to say more before Ladson emits a sharp cry and Ren could feel his concentration wavering. As much as he wanted to see more of what you were like with your friends when he wasn’t around, the boy was going to pass out, or worse, and then he would never be able to afford another opportunity to look into his mind. He broke the connection. Ladson slumps to the floor and curls up in the fetal position, holding his arms over his head as if in surrender, or in a vain attempt to block out the bright, sterile light above him. Ren considered ending his life right then and there, but no, he couldn’t do it. He couldn’t kill him. If he did, there was a chance that you would find out and you would never forgive him for it. Besides, you had given him a much better option without even realizing that you were doing it. The boy’s form was sloppy now, but he did show potential, and the First Order was always looking to recruit new soldiers. No, there was a chance that he could become much, much more useful to him later on, and it was clear that Ladson was worth much more to him alive. Without saying anything more, Ren turned on his heel and headed back to his room. He had obtained a great deal of interesting information, but he needed both time and privacy to think, and with you suddenly occupying his room, it afforded him neither. Still, he couldn’t say that he truly minded all that much. Now that you were here, there were other things that you could provide him with, and Ren could say with a great deal of certainty that this was something that truly did please him. He didn’t have to worry about your safety with you held under guard in his quarters, nor did he have to worry about you escaping. With your friends locked up and under guard themselves, and with you ignorant of their whereabouts on base, it was doubtful that you would even entertain the notion of escape, and thus he deemed he was more or less safe from losing you. At least for the time being. Chapter 9 Summary: Story: A Flare in the Dark Perspective: Kylo Ren Chapter: Parallel to chapter 19, when he tells her to touch his lightsaber to show that she can trust him and it backfires terribly Characters: Kylo Ren, Reader Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux was always getting in the way, making ridiculous demands of his time when it could have been better off spent doing other things. In this case, it was interrupting him on his way to see you, not that he could ever admit that to Hux. He thought he might be able to clear a few days from his schedule if he told him that he was on special training from Supreme Leader Snoke, but even that seemed forced and he wouldn’t dare construe a lie that could so easily be proven false. No, instead he had to simply grit his teeth and do what needed to be done. It was strange; normally he wanted to ensure that Hux didn’t do anything without his oversight, but now he found himself suddenly apathetic, although he could not understand why. This is what he had sacrificed his old life for, and now he was, what? Turning his back on that for a girl? No, this was simply a temporary result of the bond and the unfortunate events that had recently transpired. He was linked to you now, and although he didn’t understand fully in what way, he knew that was going to have to earn your trust if he was ever going to understand just what was going on between you. Right now, you were wary of trusting, well, anyone, but he didn’t fault you for that. You had been betrayed by everyone close to you, and even he was unfortunately not exempt from this. He had almost killed you once, and while he knew that you couldn’t be sure that he wasn’t going to do it again, he wanted to find some way to prove this to you; if he could figure out a way to do it. He couldn’t live with you fearing him, doubting him, second guessing him and his motives for keeping you with him. They were selfish reasons, but in your mind, that seemed almost too simple, and he knew that you believed him culpable of nefarious intent. If he did have sinister motives behind keeping you here, they were hidden even from him. No, but he knew that if you continued to doubt him, your insecurities would soon become his and he could not allow that to happen. It seemed that you were going to stay with him, at least for the foreseeable future, and he was determined to do everything in his power to make you as unafraid of him as possible. It was strange; it seemed while he was trying to be intimidating that was when you were the least afraid of him, and while he was trying to be gentle, you were more on your guard than ever. He knew his actions as of late had hindered him in this regard, as well as the unfortunate circumstances that had brought you to him, but he was set on resolving your doubt once and for all, no matter what you required from him. He could feel you as soon as he neared his door, and your nervous, excited energy was oddly soothing as he neared you. The door parted immediately as he approached, and he could hear you make a small noise of greeting as he entered the apartment. Surprised to even get that much, he took off his helmet and his usual armor, making sure to appear as unintimidating as he possibly could. He disappeared into his back room to grab something that he had made sure to store there before he retrieved it and walked over to the doorway where he could see you standing in the center of your room, spinning your staff around and around as you turned it hand over hand, at the full height of your focus. As you reluctantly bring your staff to your side, he can’t help but notice your eyes go wide as you see him holding his own staff in one hand. You bite your lower lip as if you’re trying to suppress a smile, but it slips through nonetheless. “What are you doing with that?” you ask, your eyes drifting from the staff back to his face where they settled on his dark eyes. “When I was in your mind earlier, I saw all sorts of things,” he replies, pleased by how you comfortable you seem with his presence. “I saw how you spent your days, and I saw how you spent most of your nights.” Your cheeks flush as you look away and embarrassment, and Ren is glad that you don’t notice the fact that he’s lying to you. He had seen glimpses into your mind, but they were just quick, cursory glances as he was intent on causing you as little pain as possible. His search in Ladson’s mind had been much more extensive, not that you would ever find out. Ren steps forward, drawing one long leg back behind him in a shallow lunge as he angles the staff across his body in a true fighting stance, but your expression immediately changes as you shake your head slowly from side to side and take an involuntary step back away from him. “No. Oh no.” “No?” Ren asks, a small smile playing on his lips as he surveys your reaction. “Why not?” You just stare back at him like you’re too afraid to say much of anything, and this was what Ren had feared. He had more or less expected this reaction when he had returned after choking you only to find you standing firm and grounded in the center of your room. He had no idea why these recent events had suddenly made you so much more skittish, but he didn’t want you to be that way, not around him. He could sense your thoughts, sense that you were trying to guard yourself against him, and he couldn’t deal with the frustrating tug in the back of his mind until he earned your trust again. He had gained it, lost it, and gained it again, but now he wasn’t sure what exactly he had done for you to suddenly be so frightened. Regardless, he was going to fix it. He was going to fix it today . “Are you afraid I’m going to hurt you?” he asks, tilting his head to one side as he studies you. You gnaw on your lower lip before you nod your head slowly, and he’s secretly pleased that you had taken his earlier advice to heart and was honest with him. He had gained that honesty through fear, and although that wasn’t a tactic that he felt inclined to use against you, if it was effective, he saw no reason not to continue with the same approach. He turns around and heads into the living room quickly and uses the Force to detach his lightsaber from his belt and let it float into his hand. He smiles down at it as his fingers close around the hilt, savoring how strong he felt while he held it, before he turns and heads back into the living room, holding it out in front of him so that you could see it in all its glory. “Do you know what this is?” You shake your head, staring apprehensively at the hilt as if you weren’t sure what it was or what he could do with it. Gently, he gestures with his hand to encourage you to come forward before he holds it out in front of him and ignites the blade, letting the bright crimson red flash throughout the room. Out of the corner of his eye, he can see you stop in your tracks, but he’s momentarily distracted by the lively flash of the blade as it moved and sizzled in his hand, a reflection of his temperament. This, this was an extension of himself, as angry and volatile as he was, and he was proud of that fact, proud that he was able to create a weapon that was simply an extension of his connection with the Force. It served as both a symbol of his power and the strength of the dark side that he had worked so hard to obtain. A sudden movement catches the corner of his eye, and your awkward shifting in the corner of the room quickly draws his attention. “Do you like it?” he asks, and he watches you nod your head nervously as you stare intently at the flashing blade. “I made it myself,” he begins, but as he’s talking, he can’t help but notice that you’re not listening to a word that he’s saying. Instead, your mind is pulsing with your fear and it’s hard for him to focus on even his thoughts when your apprehension and paranoia that he was going to turn it on you in a moment’s notice was occupying your every waking thought. A quick flash of anger coursed through him, and it took considerable effort not to lash out at you. He was not going to hurt you, he told you this, and yet you seemed so insistent to think less of him. Here he was, sharing what was perhaps the happiest memory that he had with you, and you were just cowering in the corner, wondering when you would feel his flash of rage next. All things considered, he had never been angry with you. He had never lost his temper around you, and he had never given you reason to think that he would physically hurt you besides the one time that he had already apologized for. What had changed? What did he have to do to prove to you that he wasn’t going to hurt you? “Touch it.” “Touch it?” you repeat, blinking nervously as you stare down the crimson saber. He expected you to call his bluff, to tell him that you refused, but instead you continued to cower as if he honestly expected you to go through with such an act. Had things between you truly become that severe in order for you to doubt him so terribly? “Touch it,” he repeats, although he can’t help how incensed he sounds at the moment. He didn’t want to do this, didn’t want to scare you this way, but it seemed the only way for him to show you that he was set on keeping you safe. He was not going to hurt you, and he didn’t know what else he could do in order to prove that to you when you seemed so insistent on holding his previous transgressions against him, which was all the more frustrating considering he hadn’t told you anything about his past. At this rate, he never would. You aren’t moving, and his patience is wearing thin. Wearily, he lifts up one hand, palm up as if inviting you to step closer, and through the power of the Force, he watches his hand raise up in front of you. “No, Kylo-” You try to resist him, try to pull your hand back, but it’s quite clear that he isn’t going to release you, not until he’s achieved what he’s set out to do. He can see the tears prick in your eyes as your hand gets closer and closer, and part of him wants to stop, but it’s much too late for him to cease his actions when he had already come so far. You really thought he was going to go through with it, and now there would only be one way for him to prove that he wasn’t. You screw up your face in a grimace as you prepare yourself for the inevitable burst of pain, but he needs you to see this, he needs you to understand that he isn’t going to hurt you. “Look.” Slowly, unwillingly, your eyes open and your head snaps around to look as he holds your gaze steady, making sure that this time you didn’t blink or look away as your fingers got closer and closer to the blade which snapped and hissed as if it was hungry for blood. He could see how his lightsaber could be intimidating to those who would be on the receiving end of it, but how else was he going to make it clear to you that you would never be in that position unless he brought you right to the edge and then pulled back? He can hear you whimpering softly in the back of your throat, and as he catches the reflection of the blade in your eyes, he suddenly wonders if he’s perhaps pushing you too far. After all that had happened to you in the past few days, from your isolation to your subsequent imprisonment, maybe this was too much for you to bear. He had thought you as strong as he was, but perhaps you weren’t ready just yet. Perhaps this was the wrong way to go about it. Still, your fingers were only inches from the blade now, and he knew that you would be able to feel its heat in the tips of your fingers before you even came close to touching it. Just as it looks like your fingertips are about to touch the blade, he quickly extinguishes the blade and releases his hold on you simultaneously, watching as your shoulders collapse as you clutch your hand back to your chest, holding it by the wrist as if he had actually burned you. He hadn’t, he was close enough to you now that he could feel the heat in your fingertips but knew it wasn’t enough to cause any serious burns. He’s trying to find the words to say that he proved his point, but he can’t even think of one as he watches you closely, watches the way your knees shake as you stare at the floor in front of you, as if you really thought that he was going to do it. He had meant to scare her as a way to make her understand, but for all intents and purposes, you looked more or less traumatized as you shook and whimpered in front of him. Shit shit shit. That was not what he had intended to do. He walks over to you quickly, placing a hand on either side of your head as he forces you to look up at him. “How else can I make you understand?” He wants to try to be gentle with you, but his frustration bleeds through his voice and makes it firmer and rougher than he had intended. “I’m not going to hurt you. I know at times I can be reckless, but I am in control . I’m not going to hurt you again.” You blink rapidly a few times as you glance down, as if trying to process this information, before you glance back up at him. He can practically see the gears working in your mind, trying to determine whether or not he was telling the truth. He was, he wanted to assure you that he was, but he knew that that was a conclusion that you had to make on your own. Your head bobs up and down as if you finally understand what he meant to do, although he’s not quite sure whether you do understand or you’re just trying to placate him. Either way, he lowers his head slowly as he presses his lips against yours, softly, asking for permission, and he’s pleased as you pucker your lower lip as you move to kiss him back. It’s a feeble movement, but it’s an effort, and that was what he had wanted to see from you. He pulls away slowly as he tucks a strand of hair behind your ear, pleased to see that you looked as though you were starting to come back to yourself. If you were scared of him now, there was only one way to prove that you shouldn’t be. “Pick up your staff.” He turns around to watch you pick up your staff, holding it tightly in both hands as you hold it at an angle across your body. “I’ve, uh, never had any sort of formal training,” you tell him nervously, and Ren can’t help but quirk up an eyebrow at this. He considered your training with Phasma to be formal enough, but truth be told, he didn’t honestly know the extent of it or how much time she had dedicated to teaching you outright. “Then allow me,” he replies simply as he takes two quick strides towards you. He raises his staff as if to strike, surprised to watch you cower as if in fear of him, shutting your eyes as you threw one arm up in front of your face to shield yourself. This wasn’t anything how you had behaved when you were with Ladson, and he stopped where he stood as he lowered his staff, waiting for you to realize that he wasn’t going to strike. As you lower your arm, you seem to sense this and you look almost shy as you murmur a small apology, averting his eyes as you do so. Ren’s face is relaxed when you finally do look up at him, silently waiting for you to explain why you had reacted as you did. He didn’t sense any fear coming from you, and he honestly wasn’t sure what to make of your reaction. You seem to fumble around for an explanation before you finally find your words. “It’s just that, when I was sparring with Ladson, he was kind of…weak. I knew he couldn’t really hurt me.” He had a feeling that might be the case. You were still afraid that he was going to hurt you, but at least this time you had slightly more reason to be. He was stronger and more experienced than anyone you had ever faced before, and while he knew you were somewhat untrained, you were worried that he might push you beyond your limits. To show that he was willing to be patient with you, he set his staff down on the floor and held both hands out in front of him, palms facing you. “Hit me.” You simply stare back, eyes wide, and he can sense something stirring behind your eyes, perhaps a distant memory. He would have given anything to look, but he wouldn’t risk prying and upsetting your already delicate relationship. “I can’t hit you,” you finally confess as you glance away nervously, as if afraid of what punishment this disobedient might invoke. “Because you’re afraid of me?” To your credit, you seem to at least consider this and he’s grateful that he seems to be getting honest answers without having to push any further. “No,” you admit as you look up at him. “I know I’m not going to hurt you, I can’t hurt you, but I just, I don’t know, I have no reason to hit you.” This he didn’t understand. He could feel your anger, but it was suddenly beginning to dawn on him that maybe you didn’t . Maybe you were so used to burying your anger and your frustration that you simply hadn’t recognized that it was there, building underneath the surface. If that was the case, he needed to invoke it, and he knew exactly how to do that. “Tell me about B.” “About B?” you ask as your eyebrows shoot up in surprise. “What about him?” “He betrayed you,” Ren says as he begins to circle you. “He put you up like a lamb for the slaughter. He used you as bait. What if I had choked you to death? Do you think he would have cared? Or would he just have seen you as another casualty of his mission?” You shrug uncomfortably, as if this was something that you purposely had avoided thinking about. You were clearly being affected, and Ren decides to push further. “What about Sadie?” he continues. “That was your friend’s name, right? Sadie? Wasn’t she like a sister to you? And now I wonder where she is. Halfway across the galaxy, sold into a life of slavery for all I know. And all because you told me her name. She betrayed you, and then you betrayed her, and-” “Stop talking.” This pleased him. He could see the muscle spasm in your upper arm, and this pleased him even more. You were angry at the circumstances, yes, but the fact that Sadie’s circumstances might have been because of your accidental slip was something that you definitely did not want to think about. Naturally, it meant that he needed to push further. Unless you knew what to direct your anger at, it was either going to eat you alive from the inside out, or it was going to start to affect you in ways that you couldn’t control, and he didn’t want that anger to be channeled at him simply because he was the only person you would come into contact with for the foreseeable future. “It doesn’t make you angry?” he goads. “To know the entire reason you were sent here was to be used as bait? What does that say about you?” Something flickers across your face, only encouraging him to push harder. “B told you himself, didn’t he? The only reason you were brought on board was a distraction for me. He knew that I choked you. He watched how you covered up the bruises I left you. He knew I could return at any time and kill you in your sleep, and he didn’t lift a finger to even try to protect you. You were expendable to him.” Your lower lip trembles, your eyes set at a spot on the floor, clearly determined not to look at him. “You weren’t brought on board for your linguistic skills. You were brought on board so that I could fuck you and have my way with you. That’s the only thing he thought you were good for. Doesn’t that bother you?” He watches as your hand clenches into a fist at your side, as if you’re realizing that you have to confront this, as you realize that he’s forcing you to deal with this. He gives you a few moments to recognize that he was right; that everything he said was true. Before he had killed him, he had glimpsed into B’s mind and he had seen the conversations he had with his partner about your bruises. C was so much more concerned than he was, not that that meant that B was concerned himself. Still, his concern for the mission or for your well-being wasn’t clear, and he wasn’t bringing anything to your attention that you couldn’t have figured out for yourself if you took the time to really think about it. The only problem was that you didn’t want to think about it, that much was clear. You wanted to shut yourself off from it and pretend that everything was okay, but sooner or later your anger would get the better of you and lead you to either resent him or resent being here, and Ren didn’t want to see either of those happen. He watches you carefully, watching you come to terms with your emotions, with the truth of the situation, with your anger, before you finally give into it. You pull your fist back and punch him as hard as you can in his shoulder, and he takes a few steps back, trying to make the force of your punch seem stronger than it really was, for your benefit. You seemed to think he was impenetrable, but if he could humanize himself to you, there was a chance that you could learn to trust him. His lips part in a triumphant smirk to see you so affected, to know that he could push just the right buttons and could figure out what made you tick. This seems to incense you all the more as you step forward and try to punch him again, but Ren was not about to let himself become your human punching bag. No, this is what he wanted, to fight , and he easily blocks your subsequent punch with one arm. He’s almost surprised as you step in closer and aim a punch directly at his face, but his movements are almost effortless as he grabs your wrist. He notices that your other shoulder dips back slightly as if you’re about to pull another punch, and he catches that one just before it comes, holding both wrists out in front of you. He’s wondering how you would respond if he leaned forward and tried to kiss you before you thrust your body down towards the ground, planning a hand on the floor for balance as you throw out a kick from your side. It hits him squarely in the abdomen and as he stumbles back slightly, he suddenly can’t help his own flash of irritation; this time, it was genuine. You had concentrated all of your energy into the strike, and although your punches were telltale and easily blocked, you clearly had a stronger mastery of your kicks. You seem to sense your own strength as you get back onto your feet, your arms out in a fighting position in front of you, blocking your torso from any strikes that he might try to throw your way. It was suddenly clear to him that you were ready to do this, that you were ready to fight or spar or do whatever you needed to do. Something had been knocked loose inside of you, and you no longer felt compelled to hold it back. Yes, you were angry about what happened, that you had been used as bait. You were upset that you had fallen for it, and disappointed that you hadn’t been able to help your friends. You were frightened by the uncertainty of your situation, of not knowing what to expect from the First Order or Ren himself. He could read all of this on you, and he wasn’t sure which he was more pleased by; the fact that you finally seemed ready to embrace your emotions, or the fact that he was able to pick up on them and read them so easily. He stands up straight as he walks closer to you now, clearly intrigued by your recent outburst of emotion. He opens his mouth to speak, but you just shake your head. “Don’t talk. You wanted me angry, well, I’m angry. You want to fight me, then go ahead. Let’s fight.” Good. Honestly, he couldn’t have hoped for anything more. He takes a brief moment to prepare himself before he steps forward to throw a punch. He makes sure to keep his feet planted on the ground as he leans forward with his shoulders in terrible form, making sure not to get any closer. Shifting his weight off center would make it much easier for you to grab his arm and topple him over, and that was what he was counting on. Unfortunately, you don’t take the bait, but you don’t let him hit you, either. Instead, you push his arm out with your forearm, and, holding it with one hand, take the chance to reach in and punch his chest quickly before you pull away. Even still, you seem to sense that he is holding back, humoring you on purpose. “It’s only going to piss me off more if you don’t even try,” you snap, and Ren can’t help but raise his eyebrows in surprise. If you really wanted to fight him, he was more than happy to oblige. He moves to hit you with his elbow, to strike you for real, but you don’t even try to block it. The movement was too fast, and he didn’t even have time to realize that you weren’t going to try to block or dodge before he feels the force of the impact. It hurts, he can feel it hurt you, but you just brace yourself as you shake your head side to side, trying not to let it affect you. “Seriously, if you’re not even going to try, I’m not going to even block it.” Ren narrows his eyes as he studies you, trying to figure out what your game is. Did you want him to hit you, to hurt you, as part of some ultimate goal to prove to yourself that he truly was a despicable being? Cautiously, he decides to test you as he makes a move to punch you before he drops down to the floor, supporting himself with one hand as you had done earlier as he places a kick into your side. He’s holding back considerably, but even still, the action causes you to fall backwards onto your bum as you sit there and massage your sore bottom. He shakes his head as he gets back to his feet, extending a hand to help you up, and he’s almost surprised to see you take it without hesitation as he tries to pull you to your feet. Except that doesn’t happen. Instead of letting him pull you up, you yank him down with you, this time adequately taking advantage of his shift in weight to pull him to the floor beside you as you roll out of his way. He’s not expecting it, and as he rolls over onto his back to get up, he’s not at all disappointed by the way you climb to your knees as you straddle him, putting both hands flat on his chest. The position had implications, and for a moment he almost considered that it wouldn’t be insufferable to have you be on top of him, to let you be in control for at least a brief moment while he got to watch you fuck yourself with his cock. “Impressive kick, but I think I win,” you gloat, clearly pleased with yourself, and a smirk tugs at the corner of Ren’s lips. “Really?” He quickly grabs you behind your thighs as he suddenly flips you over, pinning your hands on either side of your head with the Force before his hands find your wrists. “I got this,” you huff as you attempt to struggle out of his grip, but Ren’s face just relaxes in a gentle smile as he watches you. Without even realizing he’s doing it, he bends down to kiss you, but you lurch away from him suddenly, giggling as you try to wriggle out from underneath his grasp. He continues to try to kiss you, but you simply dodge him, shaking your head this way and that to make sure that he didn’t even get close. You kept pushing your hips up in a weak attempt to get away, but it was quite clear that the action was having an effect on both of you. He could feel you grinding against his length, albeit accidently, but it was an action that would indeed have consequences as he felt you weakening, unable to resist him for much longer. But he wasn’t quite ready to give up this game with you either. He senses your give as your lips meet his own, and although you kiss him back with equal fervor, you still continue to kick him, digging the heels of your feet into the small of his back as you wrap your legs around his narrow waist. As you languidly roll your head back, he takes advantage of your sudden shift of positions to plant a trail of kisses along your neck, continuing to hold down your arms while you continue your useless struggle of trying to get out from underneath him. As he kisses up the length of your neck, he nips playfully at your earlobe as he makes sure to hover there for a moment, so you can feel his hot breath along the side of your face. “Roll your hips.” You stop struggling for a moment as you process what he was saying, mentally picking apart his words in order to try to figure out what he meant. Finally, it seems you understand as you roll your hips out to the side, scrunching up your body as you go until you manage to get one leg free. From there, it’s just a simple matter of using it as leverage to get to your knees and while he’s still holding his hands by the side of your head, he knows he can’t maintain this position as you throw your full weight at him, leading with your shoulder, and he reluctantly lets you go as you climb to your feet, yanking your other wrist free of his grasp. He can see you watching him intently from a few steps away, watching him slowly get to his feet as he turns around to face you. He can still sense your anger simmering within you, but there’s something beneath that too. There’s excitement, the hint of a challenge, and it’s more than clear that he has your undivided attention, which is exactly what he wanted. “If you want me, you’re going to have to do better than that,” you taunt him, and his eyes flash as he prepares to come towards you. No, that was exactly what he wanted. “I was hoping you’d say that,” he replies smoothly as he comes towards you, and this time as he goes to strike you, you dodge out of the way, using your size and your agility to step it and plant your elbow into the side of his ribcage and get back out before he can block the movement. He goes to hit you again, pleased that you blocked his punch, although it’s clear that it takes considerable effort to hold back his strength and he mentally resolves to go easier on you. This was practice, he decided. A warm-up, a test to see what you could and could not handle from him, to know how far he wanted to push you in the future. Even with him holding back only slightly, you still seemed to be holding your own considerably well. Your face was set to the height of focus, but even through your concentration, it was clear that you were enjoying this as much as he was, maybe even more. It was suddenly more than clear what you wanted. You wanted strength. You wanted to be strong, and Ren could more than just slightly identify with you in this regard. He was someone who valued strength above all else, and it was beginning to seem that you were very much the same way. All things considered, as he watched you take blow after blow and use it as fuel to help you fight harder, he couldn’t help but notice that some core aspects of your personality seemed remarkably close to his, although he wasn’t quite sure if this should please or unnerve him. At least as you continued to fight, you seemed to become more aware of his intentions, understanding that he didn’t want to hurt you. No, he had initially set out to make sure that you weren’t afraid of him, but now a new goal was quickly forming in his mind. He would train you. Your fast reflexes weren’t just a product of your training with Phasma; it was a sign of the Force stirring within you, and with someone who valued strength and power as much as he did, you could become a powerful ally if the need ever arose. Mixed feelings stirred within him as he considered what Supreme Leader Snoke might have to say about the matter. It was possible he might view you as a threat. It was possible that he might send you away from him, or worse, it was possible that with your newfound strength, you would leave of your own accord. On second thought, maybe training wasn’t a good idea after all. Then again, there was nothing wrong with training you physically , he wasn’t in any danger of you overpowering him there, and besides, you weren’t going anywhere. Ladson would be in no position to help you, especially after Captain Phasma started his training, and there was nowhere else for you to go. No, you belonged with him, right here on the Starkiller Base, and he was determined to make that last as long as possible. He just had to do what needed to be done to hold your affections, to… His thoughts are interrupted as you lunge at him suddenly, knocking him onto his back. He can feel your lips against his, hungry and desperate, and he returns it as a lusty growl slips out the back of his throat. He can feel your hands fisting in his hair, tugging slightly on the roots, and he can literally feel the beads of sweat drop down from your hairline and mingle with his. Still, he doesn’t quite like the feeling of you leaning over him like this, but makes no attempt to show his discomfort as he sits up quickly with the intent of reversing your positions. It surprises him to see you hold firm, securing your position in his lap as you wrap your arms around his neck and continue to kiss him. That was okay, no, that was good, except for the fact that he was literally feeling the sweat of his shirt stick to his back and he wanted to feel your hands against his skin instead of the smooth fabric. Quickly, he grabs your arms roughly and forces them to your sides as he grabs the hem of his shirt and yanks it up and over his head, discarding it on the ground beside him as he shakes his hair free. He glances back at you to find you literally staring at his chest, slowly reaching out to run the fingertips of both hands over the dips and curves in his muscles, gnawing on your lower lip as you appraise him. His chest is soaked with sweat, and he can feel your lust growing as you continue to touch him, slowly grinding your hips against his as you take him in. “Aw, fuck .” He almost couldn’t believe what an affect that he was having on you. He was nothing to look at physically. He had a big, imposing nose, an angular jaw, and he insisted on hiding his large ears under long hair that his mother had always insisted he kept cropped short in order to prevent him from looking any more ridiculous than he already did. And no matter how many times he had tried to make himself stronger and bigger, his body remained tall and lean, forcing him to make his armor wider at the sides to compensate for his narrow features. But that didn’t seem to matter to you. In fact, you almost seemed to like him this way. He could tell from the way you had bit your lower lip and averted your eyes when he had first taken off his helmet that you were affected by him. You found him attractive, probably one of the only people in the galaxy to entertain such a notion, and if that wasn’t reason enough to keep you by his side then he didn’t know what was. Aside from the events of late, his anger didn’t scare you, you didn’t seem frightened of him, and your connection in the Force was quickly growing. That in itself was enough of a reason for him to keep you close, but it seemed that you wanted to be as close to him as well. That in itself was something that he could hardly fathom, although he honestly couldn’t say that he minded it all that much. “Are you in my head right now?” you ask suddenly as you shake him from his thoughts, and he just smirks triumphantly back at you. “I don’t need to be,” he replies simply, and he was surprised that it was more or less true. He didn’t have to be in your head in order to read you, didn’t need to actively probe your thoughts in order to see how it was you were feeling. He could feel your energy almost as easily as he could his own, and that was when he knew that the Force bond had truly cemented itself between you. He could feel your hunger, your lust, your desperate urge to feel him… Suddenly, there’s a frantic scrambling of limbs as clothes get pulled off and deposited in every direction. You quickly climb back into his lap and his hands find your waist as he feels you push yourself down over his erect length. He almost forgets to breathe for a moment as he relishes the feeling of feeling you around him, and his senses almost burst completely as you bite down into his shoulder hard enough to draw blood. He lets out a breathless grunt in your ears before he realizes that he needs to feel you under his lips as well, brushing your hair back quickly to give him access to your neck. “No, you don’t.” He freezes suddenly, and as he does, you seem to take advantage of his reticence to grab his shoulders and push him back down onto the floor. Both of your hands are squared firmly on his shoulders as you start to move up and down along his length, and Ren rolls his head back as he tries to figure out how to feel about this new position. You were in control. You lifted your hips and hovered there for a moment before you brought yourself crashing back down on top of him, teasing him mercilessly, but you were still on top. You were in control. He couldn’t quite figure out why this vexed him so much, but after two rounds of this he couldn’t take it anymore. He sits up quickly in an attempt to push you back, but he’s surprised to find that you’re holding firm. Instead, you wrap your legs around his waist again as you lean back on your elbows for support, letting him push deeper inside of you as you thrust your hips against his in short, desperate bursts. You’re close, he can practically feel your slick walls pulsing against him as you push yourself closer and closer to your own release. He can feel himself throbbing inside of you and suddenly he feels himself give as you moan out his name, your muscles clenching and contracting around him as you feel yourself let go. He sweeps you backwards as he forces out the last bits of himself into you with several short, quick pumps as he covers your mouth with his, letting you drink in his hot, desperate gasps for air. He can feel your fingertips combing through his thick hair, and he hovers there for a moment, relishing the feeling of being this close inside of you, of being this close to you. You wanted this, you wanted him beside you, he could feel it, at least, until you put a hand on his chest and gently pushed him off of you. Still, he holds firm, desperate for your warmth against his pale skin as he keeps one arm wrapped firmly around you. You were his now. He wasn’t quite sure he was ready to declare it outright, but you were his in every way that mattered. Now that you were here, he wasn’t going to simply let you go. No, he would do whatever it took to keep you by his side, and more than that, he would take care of you. You were an extension of himself, and it was more than possible that anyone looking to inflict harm on him could easily turn to you, and he wanted to prevent that from happening no matter what the cost. You were valuable, not just because of your connection to him, but because of your connection to the Force, which had somehow linked with his own. Combined with your own desire for strength, it was possible that he could use your bond in order to increase his own power, and suddenly he was sure that the circumstances that brought you here, as unpleasant as they may have been, was simply a sign from the Force showing him that he was heading in the right direction, that this is what he had been meant for all along. He would be great, and you would be right there by his side to help him achieve it. For all was as the Force willed it, and he was never one to meddle with destiny if it seemed to suit his needs. The Force had indeed given him you, perhaps his most powerful asset yet, and if he could only muster the patience, he was sure that the future would play out in the way that he had planned. After all, he had worked for too hard and too long and given up too much not to be rewarded for his efforts, and he would be rewarded, at least in time. Of that he was sure. Notes: I think next week is the first week we jump out of Flare for a little bit. This scene is reflected from a scene in Candle, so I want to skip ahead to *that* scene next. I think you all know the one I'm talking about.....maybe? ;) Until then, cheers!! Chapter 10 Summary: Story: A Candle in the Night Perspective: Kylo Ren Chapter: Parallel to chapter 28, when Snoke demands that Kylo Ren kill Reader Characters: Kylo Ren, Reader, Snoke In Flare, he had worked so hard to prove to Reader that he would never hurt her with his lightsaber. Flashforward to now. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) He didn’t know why you were here. He had his ideas, obviously; the notion that you had come here simply because you missed him was endearing, but it was far from the truth. If that had truly been the case, you would have come to see him long before you had ever stepped foot on the Resistance base, although he couldn’t even say that with any real certainty. He had never told you where he was, and yet, as the Supreme Leader had predicted, you had come, although he wasn’t quite sure why you did. The plan was supposed to be simple. The Resistance would plan to use you as bait against him, much like they had before, as if he was stupid enough to fall for the same trick twice. Then he would hold you and your son hostage in exchange for a private rendezvous with his mother to return them, unharmed. And that was part of the agreement. You and Anakin were supposed to be released unharmed, and it was then that he would have the opportunity to eliminate his mother once and for all. She had almost lost her life after the bombing following his father’s funeral, but apparently she was stronger with the Force than he had originally given her credit for, one of the rare instances where she actually harnessed her own Force abilities in order to save her life. The effect would be twofold. Not only would he help completely sever his connection to Ben Solo, but the Resistance would fall apart at the seams. She had created the Resistance, and while there were powerful heads from the Republic involved, there would be a clear power struggle as everyone attempted to take leadership at once. While they were divided, it would be a simple matter of taking advantage of the chaos to eliminate them once and for all, and suddenly, just like that, the war would be over and he would be free to take back you and Ani and retreat to some far-off corner of the galaxy once his power was no longer so desperately needed. But you had come without Ani, and that threw a considerable wrench in his plans. To the Resistance, you alone seemed quite worthless. It was his son that his mother really had her eye on, and he doubted that she cared all that much about what to do with you. Your life had been expendable to her before, and he doubted that had changed much. Both the war and Han’s death had hardened her, made her colder, but Ren tried to distance himself from these thoughts as he looked upon you sleeping beside him, curled up on your side in his direction with a small smile playing on your lips. You looked happy, and he wanted to believe more than anything that this was an authentic gesture coming from you, that you truly missed him and wanted him to return. Even still, he couldn’t believe it. It was something that he simply could not allow himself to do. He was not the same person you had fallen in love with, if you had ever truly loved him. You had tolerated him; he knew that much. All of your statements of affection were simply blank verses meant to conceal the truth and distract him from the fact that you didn’t care about him, that you couldn’t. He was dark and he was evil and he was ugly, and that notion was cemented into his brain every time he looked in the mirror to see the terrible gash that ripped his face in two. It was a face that was probably much more fitting of the legacy that was Kylo Ren, but it wasn’t the face that you had claimed to love. Not that he could blame you. He hadn’t told you anything about his past, but his mother certainly had, and he couldn’t imagine you ever putting that behind you to ever look on him favorably again. No, as much as he had changed since you had last met him, you had changed as well. You were stronger now, much stronger in the Force and in your own assurance of yourself. You were confident and bold, seemingly assured by your own success. They had intercepted the holo recording of your duel against Rey for the spectacle of the New Republic, and he had seen how powerful you had become on your own, through her training, much stronger than you had ever become with his, and yet, he still couldn’t believe that you would leave Ani behind with what amounted to a bunch of strangers. While you had assured him that Ladson was watching over him, Ren still had his doubts. By leaving Ani behind, you had signaled one thing and one thing only: with Ani back on the Resistance base, that was where you had intended to go back to. No matter what you may have said, he had to look at your actions. He could look into your mind, too, if he truly desired to, but the truth was that he didn’t. He didn’t want to see what else he might find in there. He didn’t want to see what you truly thought of him now. You still moaned when he kissed you, still leaned into his touch when his fingertips graced your cheek, but he couldn’t tell what was genuine or how much you were pretending to like it. You had fooled him before, but he was stronger now, better, and yet he still couldn’t tell. To him, it still felt as though you wanted him just as much as ever, but it couldn’t be true, it just couldn’t be. He wouldn’t allow himself to give into such fantastical notions. Still, he can’t help but test this as he reaches out and runs his thumb along your cheek, smoothing back your hair as he does so. You let out a small murmur of appreciation in your sleep and snuggle closer to him, pushing yourself into the circle of his arm as you curl up into his chest. Almost a bit reluctantly, he wraps his arm around you as he buries his nose in your hair and inhales your scent, secretly wishing that this was real and hating himself for thinking that way all the same. You could not love him after all that he had done; the truth was that no one could love him at all. He was too dark and you were much too good to debase yourself by truly caring for him. But he couldn’t help but think back to how this had begun on the Starkiller Base when he had declared that you were his and decided that he would do whatever he could in his power to keep things that way. And then, just like that, he had let you go. If he had known that you were going to carry his child, would he have let you go? Or was the conception merely a sign from the Force that he had done the right thing? It couldn’t be, he told himself. The years of solitude and isolation, of failure after miserable failure, had showed him that something had gone wrong somewhere. When you had entered his life, he was so sure that everything was on the right track for him, and after you had left, it had all fallen apart. Which brought him to now. You weren’t strong enough to take him on single-handedly, so he wasn’t quite sure what the Resistance could hope to gain by sending you in. Surely they would know better than to send you in as bait; they had attempted such a plan before and it had failed miserably. Maybe they hoped to appeal to his sense of humanity, which, if that was the case, was a lost cause. While he was truthfully weak enough to give himself to you temporarily, he was not going to let you overstay your welcome. If the Supreme Leader discovered that you were on board, he could make life decidedly unpleasant, and he was not going to allow that to happen no matter what the cost. You may not have felt anything for him, and maybe you never did, but his feelings for you had been genuine, and he was going to honor them. He had promised himself long ago that he was never going to hurt you and had gone to considerable lengths to prove that. He wasn’t quite sure what you wanted, but he wished with almost every fiber of his being that you had simply come and brought his son with you so that he could at least make an attempt to believe that your affections were genuine. As it stood right now, however, he could no longer trust any whisper of affection that left your parted lips. Although, part of him dared to ask himself the question: what if they were? What if Supreme Leader was wrong and you hadn’t deceived him, hadn’t tricked him into making your way off base? He had told him that he had been mind tricked into letting you depart after you had wiped his mind of First Order secrets in his sleep, but if that was the case, why had you not run straight to the Resistance when you left? No, you had done as he had commanded and stayed on your academia and had waited years for him before you left for D’Qar; no amount of rationalizing could explain that. Part of him wanted to believe with every fiber of his being that you really did love him, but that truly sounded like something that was much too good to be true. It would take some miracle of the Force for you to have forgiven him of all of his transgressions against you, and he didn’t think that that sort of luck was truly in his favor. “Hey,” you blink your eyes sleepily open, and he looks down at you as a small smile quirks at the corners of his lips as he smooths your hair back with one hand. “How long have I been out?” “A while,” he answers softly, watching as you sit up and stretch slightly before rolling over onto your stomach so that you could face him. “You look pensive,” you note, one eyebrow quirking quizzically as you try to get a feel for his mood through the Force bond, but Ren just shrugs. “Kylo…” Your voice trails off as you look away, and for a moment he’s reminded of how much he used to like that. Kylo. It wasn’t a name so much as a title but that was what you had decided to call him, and you were the only one who had called him that. Hearing those words again filled him with emotions that he wasn’t sure he could handle, or perhaps it was that he just simply didn’t want to have to face them. “Look,” you say as you turn around to face him with some finality. “I’m only here for a little while, right? And I don’t want to be sad while I’m here. I don’t know when the next time I’m going to get to see you again is, so I don’t want to think about that, okay? I just want you here with me right now, Kylo. That’s it. That’s all I need.” Your eyes are so big and sincere as you gaze up at him, but he simply purses his lips as he looks down at you, cupping your cheek in one hand. Did you mean it? He couldn’t be sure. As if sensing his doubt, you slide over onto him until you’re straddling him with one leg on either side of his waist as you kissed him, pressing your chest into his. The response is automatic as he kisses you back, one hand slipping to the nape of your neck as he holds you in place. His other arm wraps around your back as he holds you closer, and he almost can’t help but marvel at how natural it feels to have you here in his arms again, how right this feels. “I’ve missed you,” he whispers suddenly as he buries his face in your neck, wrapping his arms tightly around you. Maybe he didn’t have to let you go at all. Perhaps he could keep you here, and this time, you really would be his prisoner, at least, that’s what the Resistance needed to think. He could send them a holo of you in chains and say the only way that they could guarantee your survival was to send him his son, of course assuring them that no harm would come to him. But would his mother truly follow through with such a thing or would she see through his ruse? She was the only other person besides you who could really make a deliberate effort to understand the way that he thought, and he suspected that on some level she knew how he felt about you. He wasn’t sure what exactly led him to this conclusion, but it was a concern nonetheless. He wants to ask if there’s something he could do, some way to make you stay, but he can’t, and he knows he can’t, not just because he’s afraid of hearing the trepidation in your answer. He had been devoting his mental energy to making sure that Snoke couldn’t get into his thoughts and he hoped that he didn’t realize that you were here. If he did, there was no telling what he would make Ren do, and he almost couldn’t bring himself to relax with that threat hanging over him. If anything happened to you because he had been unwilling to let you go, he didn’t think he would ever be able to forgive himself. He had let you go once before in order to save you, and he had to be willing to put his feelings aside if he truly cared for you. It didn’t matter if your affection for him was authentic; he had bound himself to you. The pull told him that he could put his trust in you, that you wanted him as much as he wanted you, but he couldn’t be sure if that was simply a fool’s hope masking and mocking his usually fine-tuned Force sensitivities. You look as though you want to say more but the words don’t come as you just cuddle into his chest, and he just wraps his arms around you as he closes his eyes and drinks you in, trying to prolong this moment for as long as he possibly could. It would inevitably come to an end, as it always unfortunately did, but in just this moment, it was okay. He could feel your heartbeat in your chest, sure and steady, he could feel your head against his shoulder and he could feel the way your fingertips just lazily brushed against his skin. He was beginning to think that you really did want this, that you really did mean it when you said you just wanted to be with him again, when there was a knock at the door, and that was when he knew that everything was about to go horribly, horribly wrong. He let out a grumble of annoyance the earned a small giggle from you as he reluctantly slipped out of bed and got dressed, making sure to slip his helmet over his head to conceal his features. There were still very few Storm Troopers who knew what he looked like underneath his helmet, and he wanted to keep it that way. He let the door slide open as he stood in front of it to conceal you from view behind him as he crossed his massive arms over his chest and glowered at the monotonous white helmet. “What could be so important that you would disturb me-?” “The Supreme Leader wishes to see you.” The reply is mechanical, and Ren can hear his sigh crackle through the voice distortion as his worst fears are confirmed. “And he wants you to bring the girl.” No, that confirmed his worst fears. His head snaps up as he quickly uses the Force to slam the door back closed as quickly as possible before he spins around to face you. Why had you even come here? If there were answers you wanted, some bit of knowledge that he had, you hadn’t gotten it, and now you were going to lose your life for even trying. Was it worth it? If this was all that you had come for, if you had simply come just to savor the feeling of him pushing inside you once more, was it worth losing your life over? Without thinking, he pulls his helmet off with both hands as he hurls it towards you, not realizing the strength of the force behind his actions. Even still, you hold up a hand as you stop it in midair and send it crashing to the floor between you. You had never been that powerful before, and that was when he knew that you really had changed. You were not the same person that you were back on the Starkiller Base, malleable and obedient. No, now you were clearly a threat to him, and that was something that he was sure that Snoke knew as well. “I told you not to stay,” he yells, his upper arms trembling with rage as he restrains himself from attacking something, anything in the room. “I told you to leave. I told you to go-” “I’ll go now,” you tell him, although your eyes are wide and your voice is quickly adopting a nervous edge, as if you hadn’t honestly thought this through enough. Were you really that stupid? Did you really think your presence here would just go unnoticed? Why had you come? Not that it mattered now. No. It didn’t. Now it was too late. “It’s not that big a deal, I’ll just-” “No.” Ren clenches his jaw, grinding his teeth together as he looks you over, probably for the last time. “No, you will come with me. Get dressed.” “Fine,” you snap, and Ren lets his gaze soften before he just shakes his head and starts to get dressed himself. This was your fault, he told himself, and he could not and would not be responsible for your mistakes. You had come here and refused to tell him why. If he had known, it was possible that he could have worked with you, made some sort of a plan, but no, he had respected your privacy and not entered your mind while you were sleeping. Although it was more than possible that the scavenger had helped fortify your shield that he couldn’t get in even then, you would have given way to him if he had pushed, he was almost sure of it. Still, his expression softens as he turns around to see you standing in front of him, looking both remorseful and repentant. As he reaches down to pick up his helmet, you slip your hands around his face as you kiss him, bringing your lips to his as you kiss him softly. He allows you to do it, making only the smallest attempt to kiss you back. “I love you,” you say firmly. “I know you won’t say it back, and you don’t have to, but I know you want to hear me say it, so, there it is. I love you, no matter what happens next.” He hesitates for a moment, considers perhaps saying it back, considers perhaps confessing how he feels, but he can’t bring himself to surrender to that weakness, not now, not when he was about to face the Supreme Leader, who was probably attuned to his thoughts even now. In fact, he can’t bring himself to say much of anything, not as he turns and heads out into the hallway, letting you trail along beside him. It almost concerns him how you don’t seem to be the least bit afraid or even apprehensive about meeting the Supreme Leader. He had feared this day for so long back on the Starkiller Base that it almost seemed second nature to him, but you seemed more or less resolved to meet your fate unflinchingly. In the back of his mind, he knew that there was only one way that this could play out, and the odds did not look auspicious for either of you. He leads you down into a different part of the ship not far from his command center where he had often met with Snoke. It was a large room, void of any tables or chairs, and the hologram of Snoke stood as tall and imposing as ever in the back of the room. Out of the corner of his eye, Ren tries to glance at you but only finds the blackness of his mask contained within due to the limited visibility of his helmet, and he doesn’t dare turn to face you directly. Even still, he can still feel your myriad of emotions through the Force bond, and he can tell that you’re just as conflicted about what to feel as he is. He can feel an involuntary shiver run through you as Snoke whispers your name in a low, displeased growl, and for the first time it almost seems as though you understand the magnitude of the situation that you were finally finding yourself in. In the back of his mind, Ren supposed that this was always inevitable, no matter how much he wished against it, no matter how much he had tried to protect you from it, this might have always been the will of the Force. Maybe you were supposed to come back so that he could embrace the darkness within him and eliminate his pull to the light once and for all. A part of him almost couldn’t believe that it would be true, but it was starting to seem that this was the only way that this journey would end. He can feel your fear as you approach the giant hologram, but there is absolutely nothing he can do now. He was here, you were here, and while in the back of his mind he was hoping that Snoke would say that he could keep you, could train you again as he had once offered, he knew that he could sense what he could as well. You had been trained by the scavenger, had connections to Luke , and there was no way he was going to let you walk off this ship alive. “Supreme Leader.” Ren drops down to one knee and removes his helmet in reverence, placing it on the floor beside him. He can feel your confusion and your fear pricking down the length of his back, but he just gazes determinedly down at the floor as he refuses to look at you. Whatever happened now, it was out of his hands. He had always believed that meeting you had been the will of the Force, and if the Force dictated that this would be where you met your end, then so be it. “So this is the girl,” Snoke muses, glancing at you before he glances down at Ren. “This is the girl that you allow to have so much power over you.” “I don’t have any power over him.” The reply is firm, immediate, and Ren spins around to stare up at you in shock. Did you honestly have no respect for the power that he possessed? You could feel it, he was sure of that, but how could you be so stupid as to challenge him in such a way? He silently reaches out to you with his mind, begging you to just keep quiet, but you don’t seem to acknowledge his protests as you continue. “He has so far carried out all of your instructions, hasn’t he? He’s done everything you asked. I’m not getting in the way of that.” “Bold,” Snoke muses as he continues to study you, and Ren just glances back down at the floor as he tries to come to some sort of conclusion as to what to do. He was going to have to make a choice now, between Snoke and you. He knew what choice he wanted to make, but he just wasn’t sure that it was the right one. He had fought so hard and worked so long for this, and to give it all up now to face certain imprisonment if he tried to wrestle his son out of the hands of the Resistance? He wasn’t sure what to do. He just wasn’t sure, and thus he remained resolute to insist that the matter was completely out of his hands. “But you are keeping him from his full potential,” Snoke notes after he’s given enough time for his words to sink in. “You, and the child .” The way he breathes this last word sends shivers down Ren’s spine and he can’t help but shudder under their weight. Yet, if you were intimidated, you showed no sign of it. “You will not touch Ani,” you say firmly, and Ren can practically feel the fire spilling out from behind your words. “You will never have him, never train him, never even get close.” Why were you so set to challenge him? Why? If you just played along there was possibly a chance that you could join him, not that he could see you ever truly doing that either, not after all that had happened but surely it was better than losing your life? “You are devoted to him, as you are to Ren,” Snoke notes as he moves his hand towards Ren, and something flickers in the back of his mind. Devoted? He can’t bring himself to look up at you, and yet for a moment he almost dares himself to believe that what you had said were true, that each statement of affection you uttered was genuine. You had waited for him. You still wanted to be with him. He wasn’t sure how he could come to terms with that, although it looked like he wasn’t going to be given much choice in the matter. “You are stronger, if Ren had not sent you away, I would have allowed him to have formally trained you as his apprentice to embrace the dark side of the Force. But he was weak, and so he remains. He sent you away to preserve your light, and he continues to allow himself to be seduced.” Ren stiffens considerably. He had no idea if this was something that you had been able to piece together yourself, but he can barely sense your thoughts as you attempt to shield them from him, from Snoke, from everyone around you. But that didn’t matter now. What mattered that it was more than clear that Snoke viewed you as a clear threat, and he could not imagine that he would allow you to live. Even still, he feels required to at least make some small bid in your defense. “Supreme Leader-” “Silence,” Snoke commands, and Ren quickly dips his head back down, lest he incite his rage further. “I have waited for this moment for a long time, to see Ren finally reach his full potential. Taking the life of Han Solo was his first step; you shall be his last.” Ren can feel your fear suddenly strike him like a wave as you reach out to him with your mind, almost begging him to counter what Snoke was saying. But he couldn’t. He had known that this moment was coming from this first time you stepped on board. Snoke had been counting on it, while he had been against it. He had been submissively following Snoke’s orders while silently begging you to do the opposite, and in that he had chosen a side. It didn’t matter that he had tried to convince himself that you had moved on, that you were over him, or that you had merely tricked him into the bond; it was there now, and Ren did not want to be the one to sever it. “This is the final test to complete your training,” Snoke continues as he turns to him. “End her life and sever your pull to the light once and for all. Only then will you achieve the power to carry on your grandfather’s legacy. Only then will you achieve the greatness you were destined for.” When he had murdered Han Solo, he had found himself weakened by the action. He had regretted it, and the action had haunted him every day since. He didn’t want to feel this way anymore. He didn’t want to be in pain or conflicted and he knew that his hold to the light was the only thing that was keeping him in this fragile state of abeyance. As soon as he severed his hold to the light, he wouldn’t feel the remorse or the guilt or the sick sense of shame that accompanied all his thoughts when he thought about what he had done by turning on Luke and his family. His father was right, had been right: Snoke had been using him for his power, but every decision he made pushed him past the point of forgiveness, past the point of turning back. It was too late to make amends with his mother, too late to make amends with you, and he knew that if he was to end your life that he would be free of all of this guilt and this pain once and for all. When he opens his eyes, his mind is set and clear. He didn’t want to take your life, but he had no other choice. The only way he could be free, to ever be free, was to surrender himself to the dark side once and for all. Only there would he achieve the greatness he had worked so hard for. This was why he had ventured time and time again; he simply was not strong enough, but once he committed this final deed, all of his fears would be put to rest and he could finally do what it was he set out to do all those years ago. “Yes, Supreme Leader,” he says as he climbs to his feet, although his motions feel stiff and robotic, as if he was silently fighting with a part of himself to do this. In the very back of his mind he could feel Snoke pushing him, urging him forward, reminding him that his confusion would end as soon as you were gone. Maybe his doubts were simply a result of the tension of the Force bond pulling him between the light and the dark, but if that was the case, he would soon find out. He uses the Force to summon his lightsaber into his hand, and the red, crimson blade appears in an instant. He stares down at it for a moment, almost afraid to look at you and see what expression he might find there? Hatred? Anger? But when he finally brings himself to meet your gaze, all he can find was fear and confusion and…pity? The last emotion feels like a knife being twisted into his gut, and he allows this sudden flash of anger to drive him forward as he charges at you with his blade outstretched. You suddenly jump to the side as he swings it down in a strike, and his vision is momentarily blinded by the shower of sparks that erupt from the metal wall that he had struck instead. He turns to watch you run to the door, but it was sealed: Snoke wasn’t going to let you escape. It would be so easy for him to simply let you escape and choose not to pursue you, and then you would know that it was too dangerous to ever see him again and he would never have another chance to take your life. It was clear that Snoke wanted to make sure that that never happened again. “You don’t have to do this, Kylo,” you remind him as you back away from him, hands raised slightly as if in surrender. “This isn’t who you are.” Like you would even know. “I do.” He comes at you again, but each moment still feels forced and deliberate, as if it was someone else inside his body that was helping him swing his saber in your direction. Was this really what he wanted? Did it matter what he wanted? He did bad things, and now he was going to be punished for them. As much as he wanted to believe that you were the enemy, that you were the one who couldn’t be trusted, he couldn’t do it. He just couldn’t force himself to believe it. You had cared for him once, hadn’t you? You had gone over to the Resistance, but then you had come back. Was it really because you truly cared for him and wanted to be with him again? Could that truly be possible? “We can do this together,” you tell him, your voice wavering slightly as you continue to dodge his half-hearted attacks. “We can leave this room, leave this ship, and never look back.” Then again, you would say anything to save your own skin. “I can’t.” End these games , Snoke thunders in the back of his mind, and Ren stretches his arm out now, freezing your body in place to prevent you from moving with the Force. “No, Kylo, no-” He watches as you close your eyes and try to focus your energy, but it’s too late, there’s nothing you can do. You’re too unfocused and unsure of yourself to properly channel your Force abilities and try to free his hold on you. You may have been stronger before, but now you were perhaps as weak as you had ever been. He remembered when he had picked you up after Hux had locked you in that cell. You were so pitiful and helpless, much like you were now. You hadn’t been able to free yourself then, and you wouldn’t be able to free yourself now. You had only been in that position because of him, were in this one because of him, and he knew implicitly that if you somehow managed to survive this, that he would inevitably put your life in jeopardy in the future if you continued to be around him. It seemed he was cursed to destroy anyone that he cared for, and you, it turns out, were no exception. I’m sorry. He reaches out to you one final time before he’s prepared to strike the final below when suddenly your eyes shoot open. In one moment, your movements went from cowering to defensive as you punched one hand into your other fist for support and smashed at the inner side of his wrist with both hands. He was expecting an attack through the Force, not such a physical encounter, and he could feel the hilt of his lightsaber slip out of his hands as it skittered across the floor, just out of his reach. He turns to you quickly, surprised to find your face set with new purpose. “It’s not my job to save you,” you yell, your hands balling into fists at your sides. “But it looks like I’m going to have to do it anyway.” You rush at him suddenly as you throw a punch towards his chest, but he’s just barely able to block it in time as he takes a step back. You’re so close to him now, and as you put up your hands in front of your face, he can see you spurring him on, encouraging him to fight like you used to. It had been so long since he engaged in hand to hand combat, but this seemed like a much more fair way of defeating you if he had to do it. He didn’t want to strike you down like you were just another defenseless victim, no, if you had to die, he wanted your death to mean so much more than that. If you had to go out, you would want to go out fighting, and he would not take that from you. Still, it’s a fight that you’re still clearly losing. Ren is physically much stronger than you, and it is quite obvious as he blocks your punch, grabbing your hand and twisting your arm around in an uncomfortable position, but not pushed to the point where it would snap. He can literally hear you gritting your teeth together in pain before you bring your leg up and around to kick him squarely in the abdomen, knocking him backwards a few steps. “Kylo, you don’t have to do this,” you plead. “Please, I love you.” Maybe that was true, maybe it wasn’t, but that didn’t matter. Your affections for him would not save you from your fate. “It’s not enough.” He can sense your frustration as you come at him again, lunging towards him as you fight with everything you have, but that’s not enough either. You’re drawing from your anger, and you were nowhere near as entrenched in the dark side as he was in order to channel it properly. You hated him right now, he could sense it. You hated him, you hated the situation, you hated that this was the way it was clear your life was going to end. He didn’t know why you had come out here, whether it was to help aid the Resistance or not, but that didn’t matter now. This wasn’t about the Resistance. This was about him and you and the fragile, delicate balance that had always existed between you. You were constantly pulling him towards the light, but in turn, he was constantly pulling you to the dark side, and even if you made it through today, being with him would inevitably lead to your death. And you knew it. You had always known it, and he could feel the amount of hatred and frustration that you fueled into yourself for not realizing it sooner. It wasn’t giving you strength nor satisfaction, but at least confronting the truth might be a small solace before you died, if that was what you truly wished for. The more you fought, the more apathetic he became to your fate, and as you plant a firm kick to his side, he barely even registers your flash of pain as he grabs your leg and pushes you over, knocking you onto your back on the floor. He’s about to tell you that this is it, that this is the end, as you lay defenseless on the floor in front of him, but it appears that you were smarter than he gave you credit for. Yes, he had knocked you to the ground, but he had also pushed you directly into the path of his lightsaber. With interest, he stops his advance as he watches you stretch out your hand to grab it, pulling it into your palm through the power of the Force. As you climb shakily to your feet, Ren watches you hold it out in front of you, watches you try to focus…and watches as you manage to pull the crimson blade from its hilt. You shouldn’t have been able to do that. He stares you down now, suddenly appreciating the gravity of the situation. You shouldn’t have been able to wield it. He almost couldn’t believe that you had done it once before, and Snoke had surmised that the only reason that you had been able to do it then was because you had taken advantage of the Force bond, because he had allowed himself to loosen his guard around her. But his guard was raised as high as it possibly could now, his mental shield fortified against the bond that pulled you together, and yet you were still able to do it. “You’re not going to kill me,” Ren points out as he walks to one side, studying you intently. “You can’t.” “I can’t kill you,” you admit. “But I can defend myself with it. Maybe you won’t die, but I don’t think you’d be too happy about losing an arm or a leg.” You meant it. He could hear it in your voice, that you were intent on protecting yourself through whatever means necessary. While he had seemed determined that you were going to lose your life here today, you were not ready for it to end yet. You were going to fight, and Ren was starting to suspect that there was a very real chance that your positions had been reversed. He didn’t know if he had what it took to kill you, and maybe that was what Snoke was counting on. Maybe Snoke had lured you here now not for Ani, but for you. He had no idea how killing him would affect you, but it was possible that Snoke could use that to manipulate you to turning to the dark side. No. That could not happen. The only thing worse than taking your life was watching Snoke take it in the worst way possible. You were good and you were pure, and he would not allow Snoke’s manipulations to corrupt you like he himself had once been corrupted. Fueled by new strength, he holds up one hand and immediately the lightsaber starts to tremble as he wills it towards himself. “No-” You close your eyes and focus your strength, and finally it’s a battle of the Force, trying to see who would gain the upper hand. Ren was suddenly almost just as unsure as you were, and the mental pull went back and forth, back and forth, each side intent on trying to find a victor in this seemingly futile struggle. It didn’t matter who lived or who died today; there would be no victory, for either of you. Suddenly your connection wavers as you glance away from him and turn your head towards Snoke. “I’m not going to kill him,” you tell him. “You can’t control me, not now, not ever.” So it was as he had feared. Snoke was trying to tame her, to pull her down to the dark side of the Force and replace him as his apprentice, and that was something that he would never allow to happen. Taking advantage of the distraction and fueled on by new energy, Ren uses the Force to shove the hilt of the lightsaber forcibly in his direction. Still, he’s surprised to see the grip on his lightsaber is still strong as you refuse to let go, and you’re dragged forward as he summons it back into his hands. Just as he’s about to grab it, you let go and put your hands on his chest, using the Force to push him back as hard as you can. He wasn’t expecting that, and as he stumbles backwards in an attempt to catch his footing, he watches you fall onto your back from the recoil. The lightsaber was directly in front of you, and as you reach out to grab it, he uses the Force to pull it towards him. Suddenly it was like time had stopped. You were standing directly in front of him now, he could see the drops of sweat in your hairline as you stood with his face only inches from yours. Slowly, you tilt your chin down to see the hilt of the lightsaber pressed into your abdomen, and as Snoke’s chuckle reaches his ears, he knows that that’s it. It’s done. There were no more ruses, no more games, no more distractions. It would take no more than a moment for him to ignite his lightsaber, and in that moment, he would watch the light drain from your eyes, just as he had done to his father. “I told you to leave,” he says quietly, unable to bring himself to admit what he truly wanted to. This was his fault. It was his fault that you were in this position. He should never have pursued you back on the Starkiller Base. Instead, he should have simply done what he had initially said he was going to do and let you go back home to your academia, untrained, where you wouldn’t have been a threat to anyone. The memories flash through his mind as he remembers how he had kissed you, how he had choked you, how he had slowly become more and more enamored with you. He remembered how he had seen your future and his before he even knew that that was what he was seeing. He remembered the child’s laugh he heard in the back of his mind… …that had been the Force. That had been the Force letting him know that he was on the right path. It was possible that the Force was simply showing him how this would always have turned out, but if that was true, then it didn’t truly make much of a difference what he decided to do. Either the Force was there to guide him, or the Force merely granted him insight into getting a glimpse at an inevitable future that was impossible to change. He can hear a small whimper emerge from the back of your throat and that noise quickly stirs a memory within him. He remembered when you had made that noise before, when he had shown his lightsaber to you for the first time. He had used the Force to make it seem like he was going to force you to touch it, only to extinguish it at the last second. It had been a cruel exercise to make you remember that he wasn’t going to hurt you with it, that he could never bring himself to hurt you with it. Looking back, he could have only imagined how that that must have terrified you, but instead he had earned your trust. You had trusted him to keep his word, and now he was going to break it. He couldn’t do it. It took him only a moment to realize it, but what Snoke was asking of him was impossible. He had barely been able to overcome killing his own father, and that relationship had been as strained and tense as he could possibly have imagined. If he had gone through with it and wished he hadn’t, how was he going to survive killing you? You were the only one who had ever truly loved him, who saw what he was and cared for him in spite of it. He had almost killed you, had almost taken your life, and yet you still came back to him, even after years of abandonment. It suddenly struck him that he had abandoned not just you, but your son as well. How was he even able to call him his own son? He had seen him when he was so young, he probably didn’t even remember him. Could he do that? Could he really butcher the mother of his son? He had killed scores of other people, women, children, it hadn’t made a difference to him before, but it suddenly did now. How would his own son grow up if he ever found out that his father had murdered his mother? Would it turn him to the dark side? Was that what Snoke was really hoping for? You need to kill her , Snoke’s voice comes unbidden into his mind, and he closes his eyes in defeat. All that you have worked for, all of your training, has prepared you for this moment. She has deceived you. If you think she cares for you, you are wrong. She seeks to distract you from your ultimate purpose, from your destiny. Do this now, and you shall be freed from your pain forever. You’re trembling in front of him now, and while it doesn’t look like you were truly there to trick him, what if Snoke was right? What if you were really here on some mission from the Resistance and sought to bring him back in chains? He didn’t know how you had planned to accomplish such a task alone, and to tell the truth, he hadn’t looked simply because he was afraid to confirm his suspicions. And if he was so afraid of looking, it only meant that this was something he knew all along and simply chose not to give himself a reason to act on it. No, Snoke was right. If he did this he would be free of the burden that had plagued him for years and years and he would finally be free of all of the guilt. You could love him, but you could not erase the pain that his past misdeeds had caused him, and if this was the final test to unshackle him from the burdens that weighed so heavily on his shoulders, then so be it. I’m sorry , he offers. An apology seems completely useless, and yet he can’t help but utter the words regardless. This isn’t how he wanted your last moments together to be like. He remembered the final kiss, remembered you shouting his name into the cold night air as he turned his back on you, and that’s how he should have left it. He should never have let Snoke convince him to reach out to you and drag you back into danger. But he had, and it was done now. All of this was done. He could keep stalling and waiting, but it would only postpone what was surely inevitable. “Kylo, I forgive you.” Your voice hurts his ears. Its loud and raw and full of emotion and fear as you bring your lips to his for a final time. He could feel some spark, some new sense of raw energy flow through him at the contact, and for a moment he couldn’t figure out what it was. This was something he wasn’t sure he had ever experienced before, and he wasn’t quite sure if it was coming from him or from you. The feeling was almost akin to watching a scar heal over, watching the jagged, crimson stain become only a small pink sliver that faded into obscurity. You knew the pain that this would cause him, the grief, and you wanted to take it from him before he ever felt it. Why would you even utter those words unless you really were as good and as pure as he had always imagined you to be? And yet, even as he furthered his resolve to just get this over with once and for all, a part of him still held back. A part of him felt something familiar in the kiss, in the raw sense of energy that he felt. Snoke had told him that he could only be freed of this guilt through the dark side of the Force, by becoming so separated from his old sense of self that he could no longer claim ownership of his actions. But maybe there was another way. Maybe through the light side of the Force, he could be healed. Maybe that was what you were trying to do right now, whether you were consciously aware of it or not, maybe you were trying to heal him, to show him that there could be another way. He could attempt to make reparations for his actions; if you could forgive him for this final act, surely you could forgive him for everything else he had done to you? He couldn’t make reparations for everything he had done, some things just couldn’t be forgiven, but maybe some past regrets didn’t have to be as permanent as he imagined them to be. Maybe he could still be with you. Maybe he could still be a father to his son and be there for him in ways that his father never was. He closed his eyes and concentrated on the will of the Force, letting it flow through him, trying to will himself to open himself up to its energy. Before he had always focused on the dark side of the Force and tried to ignore the light that was continuously calling out to him, but now he opened himself up to both. He could hear Snoke’s furious snarl in the back of his mind, urging him to commit the final deed, but he could not, not until he was sure that this was what truly was what was supposed to be. The Force had brought you to him, he had known that, he had always known that, but did it send you to him merely as a pawn to be destroyed to lead him to the dark side of the Force and his destiny as he perceived it, or was it trying to show him that he was wrong? As much as he didn’t want to let go of everything he had tried to do for the Order, maybe his recent string of failures were just further proof that this was never the path he was meant to follow. Suddenly, he hears a voice in the back of his mind, one that he had not heard for years and years. It was a voice that he had come to loathe, and yet in this moment, he could almost say that he welcomed it. All will be as the Force wills it, Luke had told him once, and that was exactly what he needed to discern now. What did the Force want? He tried to let go of all of his fears and his doubts and simply exist in that fragile space in time that stood between your death and his freedom from the light forever as he called out to the Force, almost begging for an answer to ease him of the pain of making this decision once and for all. If this is not the will of the Force, if this is not the way, then grant me a sign. Show me another path. The response is almost instantaneous. An explosion suddenly rocked the ship, and Ren found himself being thrown backwards, the lightsaber slipping out of his grip as it skittered onto the floor out of his reach. As he sat up slowly, trying to ignore the ache where the back of his head had struck the ground beneath him, he suddenly became aware of how he seemed to notice everything at once. The hologram of Snoke had vanished completely, and he no longer felt his presence. His helmet was in the corner of the room, seemingly out of his reach. He slowly got to his feet as the sounds of battle alarms blaring in the distance reached his ears, and he knew he would have to leave quickly. He summoned the lightsaber to his hands as he looked up to see you lying on your side. It looked like you had taken quite a hit, and the blast had rendered you seemingly unconscious. He could do it, right now, and you wouldn’t struggle. You wouldn’t fight it. In fact, you wouldn’t feel a thing. It would be a small mercy, in a way, to take someone’s life in the most painless way possible. He would still be able to free himself of the light, and you wouldn’t have to suffer. All things considered, it seemed the best, most favorable way, to take someone’s life from them. But he couldn’t take yours. He had asked for a sign, and the Force had provided one immediately. Snoke was gone, and you were here, vulnerable and at his mercy, just like you had been on the Starkiller Base. But while before he had chosen to give in to the Force bond between you, this time he was not giving into it. He was accepting it. He walks over and kneels down beside you, brushing your hair back out of your face. You wince as he makes contact and try to sit up, but it’s clear that you’ve taken too much of a hit and will need some time to recover. He could hear the alarms sound again, louder this time, warning of another impending strike. “We need to go.” He clipped the lightsaber to his belt as he picked you up and tossed you over one shoulder, walking out into the hallway while his helmet lay still discarded in the corner of the room. He didn’t need it anymore. He was walking away from this, from all of this. He was tired of being manipulated and forced to choose between what he wanted and what was supposedly his future, his destiny. Snoke had promised him greatness, and yet he saw none. It was possible that it was just beyond his reach, that your death would grant that to him, but that was not something he was willing to risk. For a moment, he had felt something better than power, he had thought he had felt peace, and he knew he could only achieve that from making amends with you and your son. He didn’t know if it was possible, but that was his mission now, and he would stop at nothing to see it done. And that was that. As Storm Troopers filed past him in the halls, fighting to protect the First Order with their lives, he almost found himself wishing them luck. They would continue to stay and fight and give their lives for a cause that they didn’t even believe in. He had believed in it, long ago, but now his time with the First Order was done. It was time to go. Notes: It would be cruel to cut through anything else, so we'll see a natural continuation of where the story goes from here to the next few chapters...Kylo's capture on the Resolute, to the journey to D'Qar from his perspective and, of course, the first conversation he has with Leia. Again something that I really wished I had been able to write into the trilogy proper, but at least you get to read it now! Until next Friday, cheers!! Chapter 11 Summary: Story: A Candle in the Night Perspective: Kylo Ren Chapter: Parallel to chapter 29, the escape from the Resolute Characters: Kylo Ren, Reader, Rey, Poe Dameron, Finn, Chewbacca, Leia Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) As another explosion rocks the ship, Kylo Ren quickly makes his way through the hallways with you over one shoulder, intending on taking off from this ship as fast as possible. Considering how the Force had made it clear that it wanted him to spare your life, he would have thought that it would have guided him into a hasty escape as well, but apparently that was not going to be the case. “STOP.” Ren’s feet immediately freeze as he looks out over the long bridge to see the scavenger standing in its center, blocking his path from reaching the other side. Put her down, Ren. Gladly. The scavenger had been getting stronger and stronger ever since their first encounter on Takodana, and he was not about to risk losing to her again. He stoops slowly as he sets you down just beside the doorway, pulling out his lightsaber and igniting it before he turns his attention away from you. It seemed that you were still too weak to move, and he had to admit that, oddly enough, that almost worked in his favor. He wasn’t quite sure if you would run from him, given the chance, and now that he had resolved to making you his priority, he didn’t want you to run from him again. This time, he was going to make things right. And it had to start with killing the scavenger. He knew that she had become your friend, but she was much too dangerous to be kept alive. She would kill him just as soon as he would kill her, he didn’t have a doubt in his mind about that. As he approaches, she ignites the blue of her own lightsaber, pulling it up in front of her chest as she holds it out at an angle, getting ready to fight. He swings his own lightsaber in loose circles on either side of his body as he approaches, reminding her that this was his ship, and that he had the upper hand. The last time they had fought, she had won, but only because he had started to doubt if what he was fighting for was even worth it. But now he was fighting for you, to protect you and himself, and he wasn’t going to let anything get in the way of that again. “You’re in my way, scavenger.” “We’re taking you back with us,” Rey says firmly as she brandishes her lightsaber again, and Ren can’t help but let out an incredulous snort. So that had been your plan all along then? To try to lead him back to the Resistance? Is that why you had left Ani there, in the hopes that you might be able to convince him to return and see his son? He couldn’t imagine you ever believing he would fall for so foolish of an idea, but then again, perhaps it wasn’t your idea. “It’s over. The First Order is lost.” That he couldn’t argue with, and he stays silent as he just swings his lightsaber out towards her in an underhanded strike. She blocks it and quickly counters with a move of her own, swinging her arm down as she pushes him back. She attempts to plant a kick into his side as she had done all those years ago at the Starkiller Base, but he is quick to avoid it, pushing her off of her balance with the Force. She lets out a nervous cry as she quickly grabs at the railing for support, careful not to accidently slip over the edge. Kylo, stop, just give up. He can hear your voice in the back of his mind, soft and weary, but he couldn’t give up, it was far too late for that. Did you really think that he would let you just lead him back to the Resistance to be put up for slaughter? No, that would never happen. He would not allow himself to be put in that position. He had almost been captured by the Resistance before, and he was determined to never let him put himself in such a position ever again. As he continues to duel, he is suddenly aware of a shuffle of movement behind him as he senses another unwelcome presence enter the room. Someone was there, talking to you, and while he couldn’t hear the words that were being said over the clash and crackle of the lightsabers hitting against each other, he could feel your warm energy. This was someone that you liked, someone that you wanted to see, and for a moment a pulse of confusion shoots through him as he tried to think about who it could be. Ladson? No, this energy felt different in a way that he couldn’t quite describe. He uses the Force to push Rey back further down the platform to give him time to turn around and look to see for himself, but his brain almost can’t comprehend what it is exactly that he’s seeing. The Resistance pilot, supposedly the best the Resistance had to offer, was kneeling over you, fingers against your cheek as he pressed his lips against yours. And you did not pull away. Instead, you welcomed the action with almost a sense of giddy excitement that quickly vanished as it was replaced by guilt when you realized he was watching. So this is what you had been hiding from him. He had sensed that there was more that you didn’t want to say, more that you had been keeping from him, but he hadn’t looked because he had trusted you. How could he have been so stupid ? This entire time he had thought you were sincere when you said that you still loved him, when you said you still wanted to be with him, but instead it was suddenly clear to him that you had moved on. He remembered seeing in Sadie’s mind the way that that pilot had looked at you, but he had suppressed his jealousy because he knew that you were his and you would never- But you weren’t his, at least, maybe not anymore. He had left you, and while he wasn’t sure whether he hated you or himself more, he couldn’t help but think that maybe Snoke had been right all along. If you were with the pilot now, then that meant that you no longer wanted to be with him, didn’t it? But what about the last few days. You had seemed so sincere, so… Suddenly the scavenger hurls a strike against his side, and he almost doesn’t dodge it in time. As he strikes back, he’s momentarily distracted by the small group of Storm Troopers that have entered the room, and he can see the pilot pull you out of their line of fire. Where was he taking you? To the hangar? Was he pulling you to escape with him? As he tried to turn his attention back to the scavenger, he couldn’t help but let the shock flood through his system. He had thought that you would be loyal to him, would always be loyal to him, and yet apparently you had decided somewhere in the years of isolation that he was never coming back for you and you had moved on. A part of him couldn’t help but resign himself to the fact that maybe that was for the best. After all, wasn’t he debating as to whether or not to seriously take your life no more than an hour prior? He wanted you, but your son was back on the Resistance base, and you needed to go home to him. But now it was clear to him that he could no longer go with you, not that that had ever truly been an option that he had seriously entertained. He would only face his death there, and that was something that he wasn’t ready for. He wasn’t sure what he would do now that he had failed Supreme Leader Snoke, but he would find something, although he wasn’t sure what. He couldn’t help but feel lost, and he could almost feel his anger slipping away from him as his frustration was replaced by sadness, by a tingling sense of numbness in his core as he thought about you finding the pleasure you used to find in him in someone else. Part of him demanded answers, demanded to know when and why, but he knew that those were answers that he wasn’t going to get if you ever escaped, and it was clear that the scavenger wasn’t going to let him go running after you. As his moves became weakened, she seemed to sense this as her attacks became stronger and more focused, each attack well-timed and each motion fluid and deliberate. There’s an explosion from somewhere behind him as a thermal detonator explodes, and as the scavenger holds her hands up to shield herself from the blast, he takes advantage of her hesitation to knock her back again, but this time, she’s prepared for it as she swings herself around the rails and tries to subdue him with an overhead slash. He drops to one knee as he counters it and quickly pushes her off, slashing at her thigh with one focused strike. She lets out a small hiss, but unfortunately it looked like the wound was superficial, burning away only a portion of the material of her tunic. Still, even with his successful attack, he can quickly sense that he’s becoming outnumbered as more people enter the room, and he doesn’t even need to turn around to hear the familiar growl of a Wookiee. He just barely manages to look over his shoulder before he sees the pilot on the ground with you beside him, and the traitorous FN-2187 running over to inspect the damage. Not only did you apparently leave him for someone of note from within the Resistance, your two new best friends were suddenly the traitor and the scavenger. How much had honestly changed since he’d been away? He turns back to rebuff another attack, but Rey suddenly backs off suddenly, her eyes darting past the bridge to something moving behind him. He turns quickly to watch you grab something that the traitor tossed in your direction, and you hold it up above your head as you expand the two glowing amber blades out of each side of its hilt. He can’t help but stare at you, completely mystified, as he struggled to find the words. A lightsaber? When did you build a lightsaber? This was of your own construction, he could feel it, could feel the duality of the Kyber crystals that had produced the amber blades. Wait, you had built your own lightsaber ? Apparently choosing to trust you and not searching through your thoughts had been the biggest mistake that he could have possibly made. He had seen your holo with the scavenger but had assumed that you had just borrowed a staff that she or Luke had given you. He knew that you could fight, but to actually have the skill and the mastery to successfully construct your own lightsaber meant that you truly were more powerful that he had originally wanted to admit to. He could sense that you were stronger physically, but apparently you were also a lot stronger in the ways of the Force than you had originally let on. “It’s time to go, Kylo,” you say quickly as you hold the glowing amber staff out in front of you. “Come on, we need to get to the hangar.” “You.” He can’t even find the words to say right now. So much anger, so much betrayal, surged up inside of him, and yet even then a part of him knew that it was only to help mask the disappointment he felt because he hadn’t been there. He hadn’t been there to help you build your own lightsaber with you, hadn’t been there to train you, hadn’t been there to even care for you, and in your isolation you turned to others. Did he really think that no one else would be able to recognize and appreciate the value that you had to offer? Why had he been so careless? He could have done more, he could have- “It’s done, Kylo,” you yell to him. “It’s all over now, and you’re coming with us one way or another.” You dim the power in your lightsaber a bit as you stretch out one hands towards him. “Please, just come with me. We can go back to the Resistance, together, please .” You’re sincere, he can hear it in your voice, but what did he possibly have to gain by going back there with you? You had effectively abandoned him for someone else, and what could he possibly hope to gain by going back with you to the Resistance aside from an early death sentence? No, you had made your decision when you agreed to go with the pilot off to D’Qar, and now he was making a decision here. He charges at you with a spin, slashing at the bridge cables to send the scavenger falling into the abyss below, before he lunges at you. You hold up your staff and spin it to the side to block his overhead strike, tilting it the other way to block another blow to the side. From behind you, he can sense the scavenger regaining her footing as she leaps back onto the platform, and suddenly it was more than clear to him that this was a fight that he might not actually be able to get out of. Chewbacca was standing on the sidelines with his bowcaster at the ready if he tried to escape, FN-2187 was right there with his blaster, and he was cornered by both you and the scavenger. There was no escape that looked possible. But that didn’t mean he refused to go down without a fight. He swung his lightsaber this way and that, each move becoming more desperate and more erratic as he could feel the chances of him escaping diminishing. He had thought that it was ridiculous to think that the Resistance would have sent you in to distract him for a second time, but apparently he was the fool, foolish enough to think that you wouldn’t have come without some sort of plan of escape. He had severely underestimated you in almost every way that he could, and now it seemed he was going to pay the price for his incompetence. This only served to fuel his anger as his wild slashes grew more and more erratic as you and the scavenger forced him back towards the dead end of the walkway he had created. He had effectively cornered himself, and there was nothing left for him to do except to fight back with everything he had. He didn’t want to kill you, but he wasn’t quite sure if you were holding back, considering it had been your goal to bring him back to the Resistance from the very beginning. Idly, he couldn’t help but think about when Han Solo had once given him a similar option, asking him to turn away from Snoke and all that he had worked for and to come to the Resistance. If he felt that it had been too late for him then, it was definitely too late for that now. Just the thought of Han Solo brought up a new wave of guilt, and for a moment he found himself blinded by his fury and his apparent helplessness, a feeling that he hated most of all. Without thinking, he aimed a downwards strike towards your head that you couldn’t possibly block in time with your blades extended out at either side, but instead you do the unthinkable. In a moment of pure instinct, he watches as you raise the hilt of your lightsaber to block the attack, and watches as it somehow absorbs the full force of the strike. How was that even possible? Metals that could withstand the blow of the force from a lightsaber were a rarity in the galaxy, and yet you had seemingly crafted your lightsaber hilt out of this impenetrable material. Had that material just been lying around the Resistance base, or had you actively gone out and searched for your own parts as he had done, trying to construct your lightsaber out of the best materials available to you? He wanted to know. He wanted to talk with you and find out all that he had missed in the years that he had been away, and now it was starting to occur to him that he would never again have the opportunity to do that. You must sense his sudden flash of weakness as you hold out your hand in a classic gesture of the force, calling out for the scavenger to do the same. He doesn’t feel anything for a moment, and then ever so suddenly, it’s as though a knife had been inserted straight through the center of his skull. He could feel as though each individual nerve ending in his brain was on fire, and he dropped to his knee as he struggled to banish the pain from his mind. Maybe if it had just been you, but with the collective force of the scavenger, he could do nothing but struggle and try to retain some semblance of consciousness, even as the world shifted into blackness around him. “Come on, Kylo, don’t fight this,” you urge, but he’s not ready to back down. He’s not ready to give up, and yet, it seems he can’t really do much more than that as he can feel himself slipping away. The pain seemed far away now, a dull ache that was focused in the center of his skull, and although he tried to pull himself closer to it, to bring himself back to something that would give him the strength to fight, he could not. He could only hope that you hadn’t betrayed him entirely as he shut his eyes and finally surrendered, not to the Force, but to you. --- “Can you take off okay?” “Should be fine, as long as the shields hold.” “Go! Start her up, I’ll buy you some time.” “Wait-” A sudden explosion nearby made him nauseous, but he tried to push the feeling down and away as he tried to get some semblance of consciousness back. His head was still pounding, and he kept his eyes closed, both to try to quell the ache in the back of his skull and to try to get some sense of where he was. He was on a ship, that much was clear from the hum of the engines, and his nostrils would recognize the stench of that Wookiee’s fur anywhere. He could feel someone stir a few feet away from him, but it wasn’t you. He suddenly realized that he couldn’t feel the scavenger, and he couldn’t feel you. “Where is she?” His eyes are open in an instant as he searches the inside of the ship, but you’re nowhere to be seen. The pilot sitting across from you opens his mouth to speak, but closes it again as if he honestly wasn’t sure what to say. Suddenly, he could hear your startled cry as if you were struck by something, and he immediately got to his feet despite the pilot’s meager protests. “Get her in I’m taking off!” He can hear Chewie’s cry from the cockpit, and as he reaches the top of the boarding ramp, he almost doesn’t have time to think as he sees a blaster bolt headed straight for you. While you flinch and hold up your hands to defend yourself, he doesn’t even hesitate as he suspends the bolt into the air in front of you. He knew that even in his present state he should have been too weak to hold it off for longer than a split second, but apparently he still cared more for you than he would dare admit even to himself. Still, he can’t hold it for long, and you quickly scoot out of the way as it crashes into the ramp. The hum of the engines is getting louder now as the ship prepares to take off, and you were still on the bottom of the boarding ramp as it was slowly starting to rise. The Resolute was about to be destroyed, and it didn’t appear that he had time for a proper escape, nor was he going to leave you behind. Despite what you may have done, he suddenly had awoken with a new sense of clarity, and he was not going to leave you behind. He raises both his hands into the air as he pushes back the approaching Storm Troopers, holding off their blows to give you time to recover. “Take my hand,” he yells above the noise of the engines, and you quickly dash onto the boarding ramp, jumping up and grabbing his hands just as it’s about to close. He pulls you towards him with all the force he can muster, sealing you in his embrace as his arms fold around you. For a moment he lets you just take deep breaths in and out against his chest, a place where you obviously found comfort as he lets himself relax for just a moment. You were here. You were safe. It shouldn’t have mattered that much to him, but it clearly still did. Suddenly he can feel you press your lips against his, and he can honestly say that he wasn’t expecting that, not with your new lover so close by. Regardless, he kisses you back for just a moment, trying to steady himself, remind himself, of his new plan and purpose. Slowly, he pulls away from you as he narrows his eyes. “You betrayed me.” He wants to hear some sort of apology, but before you can even stammer a response, the ship lurches again and he quickly guides you back to where you were sitting to strap into your seats. He’s almost pleased to see you sitting down so close to him, where your knee gently brushed against his own. He watches you closely as you clutch your lightsaber tightly in both hands and take a deep breath, determinedly looking everywhere on the ship rather than at him or even Poe. There’s a cheer from up front, and he looks up to see FN-2187 engaging the hyperdrive as it pulled him away from the destruction of the Resolute. That had been his ship, his flagship, and now it was gone, along with everything else that he had sacrificed for. The only thing he had left now was his strained relationship with you and a son that he had never met since he was a baby. Hopefully that was something that would change once he finally arrived at your ultimate destination. “We made it.” FN-2187 lets out a laugh of relief as he turns back to face you, and you smile back as you return the thumbs-up gesture that he had extended towards you. You look over at the pilot who smiles and nods in your direction, although he still looks considerably wary. And he had good right to be. He was weak, and it probably wouldn’t require too much effort on Ren’s part to simply kill him and everyone else on board, besides you, of course, leaving him free to take control of the ship. But where would he go? You would never go anywhere with him without your son, which only meant that he would need to go to D’Qar regardless. Suddenly the conversation in the cabin falls silent, until Chewbacca let out a growl from near the front of the cockpit. “Just wait until your mother sees you, she is going to be pissed .” There was nothing he could say to that and so he resigns himself to simply scowling as he looks away, determined not to meet the eyes of anyone in the cabin. After all, he was effectively your prisoner. He was surrounded by traitors, betrayers, and people who would honestly rather see him dead than alive. He was sure that you were the only exception to this, sure that no matter what had happened that you wouldn’t be able to bring yourself to see his life come to an end, and he could use this to his advantage. Getting to D’Qar himself would be difficult, but if he was already there, how much would it require to convince you to run off and escape with him? It would be difficult to find somewhere to lie low for a while, but it could be done. He could find a quiet place, tucked away in the corner of the galaxy, where he could attempt to raise his son and begin to make amends with you. He tried to find some sort of faulty logic in his reasoning, but was almost disappointed to see that he found none. No, this was okay with him. This was good. Surprisingly, he almost dared himself to say that this was exactly what he wanted. He didn’t know when he had suddenly turned his back on trying to harness the power that he had craved or when his future with the First Order had begun to look so bleak, but here it was. In the back of his mind, Hux had always doubted his commitment to the First Order in favor of looking after his own personal interests, and he supposed in the end that Hux had finally been right about something. Suddenly he looks up to see the pilot staring directly at him, and his gaze immediately hardens as he appraises him. This was the person he was in direct competition with for your affections? He had already glimpsed into his mind back on the Starkiller Base and saw just how much he craved the approval and acceptance of General Organa, as if he almost sought to replace him as her son. Ben Solo was already dead, but he would not allow himself to be replaced when it came to you. He was a decent pilot, but not as skilled as him, and while he might have been decent with a blaster, his mastery of the Force was non-existent. You weren’t bonded to the pilot in the same way that you were bonded to him, so then what was the point? Was he trying to make you jealous, or were you simply trying to move on with your life and put him behind you? “You’re not as intimidating without your mask,” he observes out loud, and Ren can’t help but snort to himself in dry amusement. He had no idea what he had hoped to gain by offering such a comment, but at least it gave him a reason to do what he wanted to do since he had first learned of what had transpired in your absence. He holds out one hand and focuses intently, slowly tapping into the pilot’s mind as he had done once before. There’s nothing at first, and then suddenly every thought, every memory, every bit of knowledge that the pilot had was at his fingertips. He could see them all now, the General’s orders, his first meeting with you, and he was once again pleased to see how you had knocked him out with your staff. He could see- “Kylo, stop,” you order. “Seriously, you’re hurting him. Don’t make me knock you out again.” He didn’t have a lot of time. Quickly he searches through the memories, through your own piloting training, where he could feel his emotions for you start to grow stronger with each passing day. It sickened him, but he pushed passed them as he struggled to see what he needed to see. There were plans in here, meeting with the General, important strategic information from the First Order that he needed to see, information that he needed remember- “What’s going on?” FN-2187 calls from the front, and it’s enough to break his concentration. He had to make a choice now, Resistance secrets or information about you. The choice was surprisingly more difficult than he originally wanted to give it credit for, but in the end he decided to pursue his initial intentions. After all, there was a great deal of Resistance information to sift through, and it was hard to tell if the plans that they had been discussing had already been completed and thus could be of little value to him. And if his life was truly forfeit, there wasn’t a true need to remember all of the events regardless. But something in here might prove useful when it came to escaping the base, and for that to happen, he needed to know just how things were between you. He could see that it was you who had finally made the first move, reaching up and kissing him quickly before you dashed away, as if you were embarrassed by the action. “Kylo, stop .” He didn’t have much time. Quickly, he skims over the rest of your short time together, from the duel to the sunset to seeing each other off before you finally went to see him on the Resolute . It seemed that while your attraction was mutual, this didn’t seem to be anything more than just a passing flirtation. You may have liked each other well enough, but it wasn’t serious by any means, and while you had slept beside him, you hadn’t even gotten close to being anywhere near intimate with him yet. Your feelings were still too conflicted, and before he pulls away, Ren catches a glimpse of something else, something that exceeded his expectations. It was the night of the duel, and you were lying in bed, in Poe’s arms. You had drifted off to sleep fairly quickly, but he had lain awake most of that night, fairly troubled by everything that had already occurred and everything that was about to. Before he had headed off that morning to attend to his own affairs, he had kissed your forehead quickly before struggling to pull away, but you had held firmly onto his arm, wrapping it in both of yours as he tried to free himself from your grasp. “No, Kylo, no, don’t leave me, no…” Poe had stopped then, frozen to the floor, and while you had eventually released him as you rolled over and resumed your dreams, he couldn’t help but be troubled by what you had uttered in your sleep. He wanted to believe that you were over Ren, but you weren’t and this was proof of it. He knew that everything would more or less change once you got back from the Resolute and he was trying his damned hardest to be patient, but he just couldn’t see how your loyalties could remain to someone who had treated you so badly, who had tortured and then abandoned you. And that was something he would never understand. He couldn’t understand the bond, and thus, he could never understand you, and Ren felt fairly confident in this thought as he finally severed the connection once and for all, pulling away as you extend the tip of your lightsaber blade, holding it no more than an inch from his face. He can’t help but smirk, still pleased by what he had seen, as he lowers his arm and settles back in his chair. Apparently, all of his previous concerns had been for nothing after all. You were still his; you would always be his. Snoke had gotten him to doubt you once before, but that would never happen again. “There will be no mind probing of any kind on this ship,” FN-2187 calls back, as though he was the one who was in charge. “Can’t you just knock him out again?” “I will if he doesn’t behave himself,” you call back as you shoot a nasty look in his direction, but Ren is content to just settle back and smirk to himself, safe in the knowledge that you would do no such thing. He may have still been weak from the combined might of the earlier Force attack you and the scavenger had used against him, but the blow from earlier and the stress of the day’s events were still taking its toll on you too. He didn’t know who would win in a fight right now, but he was almost sure that he would be the victor. Most of your anger was drained now, and you couldn’t bring yourself to cause him any serious harm, he could sense it. Still, he’s momentarily displeased to see you unbuckle yourself and move to sit down beside the pilot as you brush his hair back off his forehead in a gentle, tender gesture that should have been reserved for him and him alone. It almost took him a moment to remember that while you had not been intimate with him, you still cared for him, and he couldn’t bring himself to take stock of his feelings right then. “Hey, you okay?” “Fine,” the pilot responds as he offers you a small smile, and as the pilot takes your hand in his, Ren can’t help but feel his jealousy mix with his anger as he watches you give him a small smile of your own, as if he wasn’t even there watching this nauseating scene unfold. He didn’t want to see this, and you seem to sense what lengths he’ll go to not to see this as you get up and move to sit beside him once again. As you settle back in, Ren can’t help himself as he stretches forward his arm to push your long hair back behind your shoulder. You don’t flinch away from the gesture, that was a plus in his book, but what made it even better was the fact that his hickeys and love bites were clearly displayed on your neck for the pilot to see. The pilot may have wanted you, but Ren had actually gotten to have you. You had told everyone that you were over him, that you had long since moved on, and yet it was clear that this was not the case; the marks on your neck were a simple, physical reminder of that much. You seem more annoyed by the gesture than anything else as you both turn to Poe, who unfortunately looks more or less unaffected, as if he had truly suspected that you would have become intimate with him during your stay here and he was determined not to hold it against you. While he may have thought that you were just doing your best for the Resistance, Ren knew the truth. You weren’t over him, could never be over him, not with the Force bond flowing so strongly between you. If he fell victim to it enough to consider leaving the First Order behind, there wasn’t a chance that you could withstand its power either. “How are you doing?” you ask as you shift your attention back towards the pilot again. “Are you feeling okay?” “It just grazed me,” Poe replies as he glances down at himself, as if to survey the damage. “Not the first time it’s happened; give it a week, and I’ll be back to normal in no time.” A week? He had merely been grazed by the blaster bolt the last time Ren saw him, but perhaps he had sustained other injuries that he was unaware of, not that it was truly any concern of his. He just didn’t want you to start fawning over him as if he had actually done something brave; he might have come to rescue you, but he had severely wounded himself in the process. Ren was sure that if the situation was reversed, he would not have sustained the same injuries and would have rescued you in half the time. “That’s just what happens when you get out of your ship,” you tease, but your words seemed forced, as if you were trying to simulate authentic conversation. “You weren’t made for this grunt work.” Grunt work? Since when had you seen piloting a ship as suddenly such a noble deed? Or were you trying to insinuate that it was somehow better than ground combat? That would be strange, considering that was the only kind of combat that you had ever been engaged in, unless there was more that he didn’t yet know about what had transpired in his absence. Either that, or it had been a half-hearted attempt to court his favor and flattered him, which was more nauseating the more he considered the possibility. Poe chuckles lightheartedly, and for a moment Ren almost wished he was back on the Resolute . “Yeah, well, I didn’t want you to be stuck with him any longer than you had to.” He juts his chin out towards Ren as he sneers at him, but this is a challenge that Ren unabashedly welcomes. He was better than this pilot in every respect, and the more chances he had to prove this to you, the more compelled you would be to listen to reason and escape with him when the time came, not that he would be able to entertain that idea for long. Once he was there, Luke would probably try to probe his mind, and he would have to seal away any and all attempts of even considering escaping, at least until the time came. No, instead he would have to bury it under a sea of fervent, obsessive thoughts to make sure his true plan never was discovered, and fortunately for him, considering how much thoughts of you had plagued his every waking thought, he was reasonably confident that his plans of escape would go unimpeded. “Really?” he ventures as he sits up a little straighter, making sure he knew that although he may have temporarily been the prisoner in that situation, that he was still far more powerful than the pilot could ever hope to become. “She seemed to be enjoying her time with me.” He can almost feel the pilot’s jealousy as he gnaws on the corner of his lower lip as he stares you down, trying to decide if it was even worth it to reply back with an insult of his own. “How’s Ani?” you ask suddenly as you turn towards the pilot, in an obvious attempt to keep things civil. Still, Ren couldn’t deny that any information about his son was information that he wanted to hear. “Misses his mom,” the pilot replies simply. “Although…” He hesitates for a moment before he shakes his head, as if deciding it was better not to say whatever it was that was on his mind. “It can wait.” “What?” you push, leaning forward in his chair as Ren stretches out one arm. It’s meant to be more of a threat than anything else, but you slap his hand down immediately. “No.” “There are other ways to draw it out of him,” Ren offers, subtly trying to remind you that you had that power as well, if you so chose to use it. “Just tell me,” you say quickly as you turn back to the pilot, who releases a heavy sigh, as if he realized that this information was going to be drawn out of him one way or another. “He’s been talking to someone,” he explains, and Ren can feel your flicker of both confusion and alarm through the Force bond as the pilot continues. “Ladson hears him at night. He says sometimes Ani’ll go into the other room to talk to someone, but there’s no one there. Ladson’s asked him about it, but all Ani will say is that he’s talking to the man from his dreams.” “Snoke?” you demand, the alarm palpable in your voice. Ren glances down to see your knuckles turning white as your hands clench into fists, and for a moment he wants nothing more than to reach out and touch you before he realizes it’s only going to result in him getting pushed away, and he can’t bring himself to do it. “Was it Snoke?” “Don’t know,” the pilot admits. “Ladson doesn’t think so, at any rate, Ani didn’t seem familiar with the name, although apparently they were talking about you.” He looks up to meet his steady gaze. “And him.” “Ani knows he’s coming?” you glance back towards him suddenly as if you suddenly thought that he had something to do with this. He wasn’t quite sure how, considering he had spent almost every minute of the last few days with you directly by his side. “Was this your doing? Did you do your dream visit vision to him too? What did you do?” “Nothing,” Ren admits as he glances down and away, although in truth, he wasn’t sure if Snoke had done anything. While he had never said anything outright, Snoke had indicated that he couldn’t get through to his son himself, not with the combined Force collective conscious of his uncle, his mother, the scavenger and you all looking out for him. Snoke was powerful, but apparently Luke had become even more so since their last encounter, and he had no idea what he was capable of on his own. Still, you seem dissatisfied by his answer as you unbuckle yourself from your seat again and climb into his lap, pressing his fingertips against his temples. Ren isn’t expecting to feel you so close to him again, not like this, and while you close your eyes and try to concentrate, he can tell that you’re still much too weak from what had happened earlier to access his thoughts. A part of him wants to unnerve you, wants to show you flashes of the intimacy of your time together, but that was in the past, and it seemed that since he was going to have restricted access to you in the future, he should make the most of the time that he had now. He places both hands on either side of your head as he pulls your face towards him and kisses you again, hard and fast and passionate. You kiss him back for a moment as though you’ve completely forgotten where you were and what had happened and who was watching before you quickly pull away from him, pushing his chest with both hands as you stumble off his lap. “Asshat,” you mumble, but you’re still visibly affected, your cheeks red and your face flushed as you move to sit down beside the pilot, crossing your arms over your chest while you sulk. Ren simples raises his eyebrows as he silently gloats. You had liked it; for a moment you had let yourself go and you had liked it, and now you were pretending not to, simply for the sake of the pilot and nothing more. It would only be a matter of time before you gave in to him completely, and he couldn’t deny that he would anxiously be waiting for that day when you were ready to admit that you were his once and for all. But that still didn’t change the fact that you had betrayed him, and while he was partially at fault for not looking to see your intentions for himself, he could still remind you of your own guilt in the hopes that you might come around and forgive him of his own misdeeds faster. He reaches out to you with his mind like a gentle nudge, pushing your attention back towards him. So this was your plan all along, to lead me back to the Resistance. You just huff as you look away, but he continues his gentle coaxing until you finally turn back to face him. I hardly think it matters what I tried to do, when you were the one that was ready to kill me. He knew that you were going to throw that back in his face sooner or later, and in this case, sooner was definitely better than later. He had no desire to keep repeating this conversation over and over again once you got back to the Resistance base. No, he wanted to get this over with now, so you could put the misdeeds of the past behind you and start focusing on the future that you both wanted to have, one that resulted in you both raising Ani, together . I couldn’t , Ren admits, looking beseechingly over in your direction. You know I couldn’t. You could feel me, I- “I didn’t know what you were feeling,” you exclaim suddenly, loud and raw, and suddenly all eyes in both the cabin and the cockpit are on you. You at least have the decency to look embarrassed by the outburst as your face flushes again, and you curse under your breath as you turn back to the pilot. “He tried to kill me,” you offer, but it sounds childish, even to your own ears, as if you were putting the blame on him for something everyone on the ship expected he would do. “Snoke ordered him to try to kill me, and he almost did it too, if you guys hadn’t shown up and knocked the lightsaber out of his hands.” “Snoke was there?” the pilot asks, but you just turn and shake your head. “Hologram,” you answer as you turn back to face Ren again. “But we’ll find out his location soon enough.” That was interesting. He had more or less suspected that the Resistance wanted secrets of the First Order that were trapped within his brain, but he hadn’t really taken the time to think over just what else you wanted from him. Yes, he knew the location of Snoke’s general whereabouts, but Snoke never stayed in one place for very long. No, if they were able to track Snoke to his location, it only meant that Snoke wanted a direct confrontation, once and for all. Not that that was his chief concern right now as he looked back towards you, feeling you silently pushing another thought back into his head. Fine, let’s say you weren’t going to kill me. But was he right? Did you really send me away because Snoke wanted to train me in the dark side of the Force? He didn’t truly know what to say. Would you be flattered that he had put your life above his own needs in an attempt to save you, or frustrated that you hadn’t been up front about his motives, that he hadn’t been honest with you to just tell you what was wrong? This was a decision that had haunted him for years and years, and yet what was he supposed to say? What answer did you want to hear? How was he supposed to take years of hesitation and doubt and channel them into words that you could understand when you were still so determined to hate him for almost taking your life for the second time? Ren just rolls his head to the side and crosses his arms over his chest, still unsure of how to respond. Instead, he pushes over the first reply that comes to his mind, relieved that it’s at least somewhat honest. I had other reasons. You seem to understand at least somewhat as you back down for a moment, taking in this new piece of information before you pose your next question. Fine. Then answer me this: did you stay away from me all this time to try to protect me and Ani? This was a much simpler question, which he could easily provide a very honest answer. Yes. He spreads his palms to show his sincerity, to let you read him. He had wanted to protect you and his son, no matter what had happened in the years between when he saw you last, that was all he had ever wanted. He had let Snoke’s manipulations get in the way of that, but he was determined not to let that happen again. If you could read one thing off of him, he wanted to make it clear that he would never hurt you or his son ever again. No, he would spend the rest of his life trying to make amends, trying to make things right, and he hopes that you can feel the honesty in his words as they cross his mind, not daring to let them leave his lips. Like that matters , you huff indignantly, and his expression immediately drops. Were you purposely trying to resist him, or were you really still angry at the way he had treated you? Not that he had expected you to forgive him so quickly, but he had been hoping that you would at least try to understand where he had been coming from. So you protected me? Big deal. You still hurt and killed trillions of people. The only reason you saved me and Ani is because of your own self-interest. It isn’t love if it’s self-preservation. Self-preservation? Ren asks, as if he almost can’t believe what he was hearing. If he was truly focused on self-preservation, he would have just taken your life when Snoke had asked without another glance back. It was a deflection, that’s all it was, just another attempt to try to see the worst in him so you wouldn’t have to deal with how you really felt. That didn’t mean he wouldn’t challenge you, however. Is that why you’re with the pilot? He can see your face flush again, and he knew he was getting to you. It was clear that you were becoming more and more affected by his words, and he couldn’t say he wasn’t at least the slightest bit pleased with being able to rile you up this way. First of all, despite what you may have seen in his head, I am not with him, and second of all, that’s none of your business. Well, that was that then. If he had any doubts about where your relationship with the pilot stood, that confirmed it. Even still, he can’t help but think back to how what he had seen in his head. As much as he hated to admit it, and he truly did hate to admit it, the pilot did care about you… You glance up at him suddenly, and that’s when Ren realizes that he had accidently let his thoughts slip through and allowed you to hear them. He quickly dips his eyes for a moment, trying to think of something to say to counter what you had accidently picked up, but he’s almost surprised when you reach out to him first. It’s nothing compared to what I felt for you over the past few weeks. He should have felt relieved, but if anything, your comment just leaves him with a bitter taste in his mouth. If anything, your comment seemed to imply that you had simply come to the Resistance to collect him before you found yourself falling in love with him all over again, and for the first time, he wasn’t sure if you actually felt anything for him at all, or if it was the Force bond at work, but he needed to test his theory. It’s just the Force bond , he replies. That’s all it is. He can see your righteous indignation, and he’s almost glad to feel your anger. If that’s all that is, then look me in the eyes and say it. His eyes snap back towards yours, but he doesn’t say anything, won’t say anything. If anything, your defensiveness only confirmed what he had silently been hoping, that you truly did feel something for him beyond the power of the Force bond. Still, you seem more frustrated than anything as you let out a sigh. I know you have the emotional maturity of a child, but can we at least talk about this like adults? He wasn’t quite sure what you wanted to talk about, but he didn’t like the sound of your words and he didn’t want to lead you into a conversation where you would end up convincing yourself that you were much better off without him. No, you would only overthink things, and he couldn’t allow you to do that now as he simply resigns himself to shaking his head back and forth. There’s nothing to talk about. You let out another sigh as you shut your eyes and lean against the pilot’s shoulder. Ren tries not to let jealousy get the better of him as he snakes his arm around your shoulder and lightly scratches behind the back of your ear, and he’s pleased to see that you’re not enjoying it at all. No, in the back of your mind, Ren was able to sense that you wished that he was touching you instead, and he couldn’t help but silently gloat to himself as he watched the scene play out in front of him. The more time you spent with the pilot, the sooner you would realize that you didn’t belong with him at all. It was only a matter of time. Suddenly the pilot meets his eyes, and Ren notices that he had accidentally been staring. “What?” Should he say something or keep silent? Staying silent would only make you realize that he could sense your discomfort as well, while speaking up might appeal to the pilot’s insecurity that he couldn’t please you as well as Ren did, and it was only a matter of time before that drove a wedge between you two for good. “She doesn’t like that,” he finally decides, and as Poe’s hand stops moving immediately, he knows he had made the right call. “It’s fine,” you offer, but the pilot just moves his hand down to your shoulder and Ren catches the look you throw his way. You wanted him. It shouldn’t have surprised him as much as it did, but even while you were curled up beside the pilot, you were still thinking of him. He had no idea how much your thoughts might change once you arrived on the Resistance base, but he supposed he would just have to wait and see until the time came. “Don’t fall asleep back there,” FN-2187 calls back suddenly. “Remember, this is the guy who tried to kill me once. I’m not real keen on having my back to him up here.” “Noted,” you yell back as you force yourself to sit up, turning back towards the pilot. “You doing okay?” As Ren turns his attention back to him, he can’t help but notice that he doesn’t look well. Even despite his complexion, he looks considerably pale. “Fine,” he offers, but his voice is weak, and he doesn’t like the pang of sympathy that shoots through you. “Maybe if he hadn’t been distracted-” Ren ventures, but it’s clear he shouldn’t have said anything as you turn to him angrily. “Keep talking and I will run you through with your own lightsaber,” you snap as you turn to the pilot, clearly trying to devote all your attention to him as you take one of his hands in both of yours. “Hey, we’re going to be home soon, okay? And then they’re going to fix you right up and you’re going to take me out flying again and then you’re going to teach me how to pilot your X-Wing next, all right?” The pilot just smiles as he lets his eyes slip closed, but Ren can’t help but roll his eyes in annoyance. You could make all the plans that you wanted, but he would rather you didn’t. He didn’t plan on staying on base any longer than he had to be, and he especially didn’t want you spending more time with the pilot than you already had. Granted, it was his fault that you were even in this position to begin with. He had left you behind, he had effectively abandoned you, and thus was it really fair to blame you for seeking comfort elsewhere? He must have been projecting more than he was letting on, as you turn to him suddenly, your face set. He might be dying, so can you please stop being jealous for five minutes? You know what’s going to happen once we get back to D’Qar. There’s no use fighting it.” Ren just crosses his arms over his chest as he settles back in his chair, embarrassed with himself for letting his thoughts become so transparent. You acted like his transportation to D’Qar was such a sure thing, and yet if he really wanted to, he doubted there was anything you or anyone on board could do to stop him if he tried to resist his capture. I can try to escape, right now. I can kill you and everyone here. “But you know there’s no point,” you snap irritably as you turn to face him again, your words emerging seemingly of their own accord. “You couldn’t kill me, Snoke is probably done with you, and I can feel it, you’re tired of this. This war has gone on for years and you are watching everything that you have struggled to achieve collapsing at your feet. So, no, you’re not going to try to escape, because you have nowhere else to go.” Either he was being too transparent, or the Force bond that had connected you was stronger than he had realized. He wasn’t sure just how much you were able to pick up on your own or how much you were able to discern just from simple logic, just from knowing him, but you seem to sense his embarrassment that you had just said all that out loud, as when you speak again, you make sure that only he could hear you. And you want to see Ani, I can feel it. You want to see your son; you’re hoping they’ll let you see him before whatever happens next. “But try to escape and I will kill you, you have my word. If you think I’m going to risk you hurting Finn or Poe or anyone on this ship, then you don’t know me or the lengths I’ll go to in order to protect my friends.” He narrows his eyes at you, consciously resisting an effort to grit his teeth as he stares you down. You did know him. You were perhaps the only person in the galaxy who could understand the way that he thought, how he thought, and he knew that he would have to keep his thoughts in check around you. He knew you weren’t bluffing; you would do anything to protect your friends, and if you thought that his escape might hurt one of them, then you might blow the whistle and dismantle his entire plan. No, maybe it was better to keep you at arm’s length for now, not until he was sure that he could trust you and see that you were just as devoted to him as he was to you. You betrayed me, he ventures at length. Do you think I could ever forgive you for this? The reply is almost immediate. I’ve forgiven you for plenty, but you know what? Maybe in this case, you are stronger than me. So go ahead, don’t forgive me, I hope you won’t. At least it’ll make things easier for me. Ren doesn’t respond to this. He can’t. This was suddenly going to be a very dangerous game, he realized, keeping you both at arm’s length and drawing you in so that you still wanted him as much as he wanted you. If he made it clear he wanted nothing to do with you, then you would have no trouble pulling away from him entirely, especially when you had the pilot and the rest of your friends on base to support you. No, he was going to have to be extremely careful, both in thought and in deed, and hope that the Force was on his side. After all, it had been the will of the Force that had brought you to him, that had spared your life, and if he was truly meant to have a future with you, the Force would make it so. Still, he can’t help but feel something stir uncomfortably in his chest as he watches you bring the pilot’s hand to your lips as you gently kiss his knuckles. You seem troubled by something as you slowly lower his hand and turn back towards the cockpit. “Can this ship go any faster?” “We’ll be back soon,” FN-2187 replies. “Just hold on a little while longer.” You just sit back in your chair and take Poe’s hand as you try to warm it between both of yours. Even still, he can’t help but notice that your eyes meet his, and he stares right back, although he wills himself to keep his shields up, not letting any thought or bubble of emotion slip through. It seems that you’re resolved to do the same, and so you both stare each other down as you each wait in silence for the ship to dock, so your futures could be decided once and for all. Notes: In the next chapter, we finally get to see the "talk" that Leia and Kylo have for the first time....again, something that a lot of people definitely wanted to see during Candle, but it'll be here next chapter and I hope you enjoy it!! Chapter 12 Summary: Story: A Candle in the Night Perspective: Kylo Ren Chapter: In between 29-30, when Kylo is first taken captive by the Resistance Characters: Kylo Ren, Reader, General Leia This chapter takes place after they get to D’Qar; Reader passes out while Kylo Ren confronts his captivity for the first time Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The sky is dark when the ship finally settles on D’Qar, and Ren is honestly more than a bit curious to see the inside of the Resistance hangar. He knew that his mother had created it many years ago, and he could never quite wrap his head around what the interior of the base might have looked like in comparison to the sterile interior of the First Order bases. No one says anything as Chewbacca pulls the ship into the hangar and parks it, slowly releasing the boarding ramp to allow a small battalion of troops to come on board, being headed by the scavenger and General Organa herself. He casts a weary gaze back in your direction, and for the first time since he had departed the Resolute, he seriously regretted not having his helmet there in order to protect himself from their prying gazes. He’s afraid that she’ll say something to make a fool of him right then and there, but General Organa has surprisingly little to say as she gazes up at him, her face impassive and giving nothing away. He glances down at her, suddenly aware of how small she was. When he had last left her, he had been but a child, and it surprised him how much older she suddenly looked, the fine lines in her face worn and weary. “Let’s go.” She dips her head forward in a shallow nod before she turns, and the soldiers part to let her pass, with him following at her heels. He was surprised that not one of her guards had attempted to put him in chains, but he supposed that she had been able to read him through the Force and knew that he wouldn’t dare consider escaping or rising up against her, especially with Luke so close by. He couldn’t tell exactly where he was, but he was close , probably watching from somewhere just out of view or trailing a considerable distance behind so he could stop any attempts to get away. Unless he too was able to sense Ren’s sense of defeat, and Ren tried to make this emotion seem as valid and as sincere as possible as he walked along behind his mother, his head bowed slightly as if accepting of this fate. She leads him through the base, which, as he had expected, was nowhere near as clean and as polished as the First Order’s corridors had been. The floor was trailed with dirt and the footprints of those who had walked through there previously, although he supposed his mother didn’t spend time worrying about cleanliness. Her goal was to recruit the best fighters and pilots in the galaxy, and she wasn’t going to debase their talents by asking them to scrub her floors or do such menial work that was clearly beneath them. Hux would have no problem doing it, but then again, Hux was the sort of person who delighted in having the ability to cut people down, to show just how much power he had over them. Ren wasn’t sure how similar he was to him in this regard. Eventually his mother stops in front of a specific door in one of the far corners of the base, presumably as far away from the hangar as one could possibly get. She raises her hand in front of a small keypad next to the door, watching as a small bright light blinked from crimson to green. The door slides open, and she steps through into a small vestibule, only to watch her open another door only two feet in front of her. He wasn’t sure what the benefit was to having two doors, for surely if he could escape through one, he could get through both, although maybe one was alarmed in some way that he couldn’t quite perceive yet. As he follows her into the room, he can’t help but notice how small it was, especially the bed, which had been pushed into one corner and was clearly not large enough for him to lie out with his legs outstretched. Then again, his time here was mostly certainly temporary, until he was either executed without bias or subject to some sort of trial for his misdeeds so that the New Republic could find some way to hold him accountable for every crime that the First Order had committed. He may have been complicit to all of it, but there were some things that he felt more inclined to take the punishment for than others. More specifically, none of them, if he was to be given that option. He had his own goals, not that he could truly entertain those out loud here. He turns around to see his mother waving off her guard as she shuts the door behind her, and he can’t help but raise an eyebrow as he leans against the far wall, crossing his arms over his chest in what was admittedly a defense gesture. His mother, at least, seems to have no reserve about being alone with him, even despite what he was clearly capable of doing. He had murdered his own father in cold blood, did she really believed that she was inclined to receive any better treatment from him? “We have a lot to discuss, Ben,” she says at length as she crosses her arms over her chest and juts her hip out to the side slightly, just as he had remembered her doing when he had misbehaved as a young child. At least he had been expecting this. “My name isn’t Ben,” he replies firmly. “Your son is dead; he’s gone.” “I suppose he is,” Leia admits, and Ren is almost surprised by how quickly she seems to have accepted this. Maybe she had already come to terms with it, maybe was just waiting to hear him confirm it for herself. “Then I guess I’ll keep my questions short. Why are you here?” Ren can’t help but let a small laugh escape him as he glances around the room. “Am I not a prisoner of the Resistance forces?” he asks at length, but it’s clear that Leia is in no mood for games. “You let yourself be captured,” she replies immediately, continuing before he even has time to respond. “I’m no fool, Ren. Don’t mistake me for one. Chewie and Finn were both piloting that ship, you had one of my pilots incapacitated in the back along with your…what are we calling her now?” “You leave her out of this,” Ren snaps, almost a bit viciously, and Leia simply rolls her eyes as if she had seen this coming. “Right. Still doesn’t change the fact that you didn’t put up a fight, and I’d like to know why.” His forehead creases in confusion, as if he honestly doesn’t understand what she’s saying. At least, that’s what he had to make it look like. “I’m sure the scavenger has already told you that-” “She has a name, it’s Rey, please use it.” “-the scavenger has probably already told you all about how she and the mother of my son were able to knock me unconscious. If I had been aware of where I was being taken or the plot that was being conspired against me, I would not have allowed myself to become seduced and thus imprisoned.” “I don’t believe that,” Leia replies as she shakes her head. “Rey tells me you didn’t put up as much of a fight as you could have. You wanted to be captured. You wanted to come here.” She tilts her head to the side. “You can tell me, or I can get Luke in here to ask you.” “You would trust the word of a scavenger over your own son?” “You just told me my son is dead,” Leia replies coolly, almost as though she’s totally indifferent one way or the other. “Which is it? Is he or isn’t he?” Ren can’t help but scowl as he realizes the trap that he’s walked himself into. There could be no simple answers to trick questions, and he decided that small doses of the truth might help to arrest at least some of her suspicion towards him. “If I told you that I wanted to meet my son, would you let me see him?” “Why would you care?” Leia asks as she tilts her head to the side, as if she genuinely wants to know. “She’s told me everything. You haven’t seen him in years, Ren. Why would you want to see him now?” “Because he’s my son ,” Ren replies, making no attempt to hide his anger. “Because he is my son and you will not keep me from him.” “We’ll see,” Leia responds. “This is my base and you are my prisoner here, and it’s not just my decision to make.” She shakes her head. “I think I’ll let his mother make the call on who her son should and should not see, after she tells me exactly what hell you put her through over the past few days.” “Don’t.” The words are off his tongue before he can stop them, and there’s something about his tone that makes Leia raise her eyebrows in surprise. “Any information you want, you can get through me. There’s no reason that you have to involve her in any of this.” “If I hadn’t gotten her involved, you wouldn’t be here,” Leia says lightly, but there’s something else in her tone, something Ren doesn’t like. “Is that why you sent her?” he demands. “To see if after all these years if I had changed? Were you hoping she would trigger some flicker of redemption in me, hoping that she could persuade me to come back to the Resistance if-?” “Why did she tell you she was there?” Leia asks, and she seems quite curious to hear the answer. “She didn’t,” Ren replies firmly. “She would not disclose why she came, only that she wanted to see me.” Leia’s expression flickers for a moment before she considers this. “I’ll be honest, I hadn’t expected that,” she admits openly as she drops her hands by her sides. “It was obvious that you still both cared for each other, and I almost expected that she would defy my orders and simply tell you why she had come.” She seems to consider things for a moment. “Although then that makes me curious as to why you didn’t simply enter her mind and extract the information from her yourself.” “I believe you and the scavenger made sure that her thoughts were well concealed from me,” Ren replies, keeping his voice low. “I believe you’ve been trying to keep her from me for some time now.” “Perhaps,” Leia replies with a non-committal shrug, not indicating one way or the other. “Although it is interesting to me why you waited until now for you to reach out to her. Why did you wait until she was here until you tried to get her back?” He hesitates, thinking it over in his mind. If he had had the power to reach out to her sooner, would he have done so? “Orders,” he finally mumbles at last, and Leia leans forwards slightly, as if she wasn’t quite sure she had heard him. “I had orders from Supreme Leader Snoke to contact her. He showed me how to get into her dreams to contact her.” “I don’t believe you,” Leia says immediately as she shakes her head, and Ren can’t help but dip his head. Even when he was telling the truth he was doubted? “That’s fine,” he replies sullenly, finally bringing himself to meet her eyes directly. “I believe that you’re going to have Luke probe my thoughts regardless, to find out whatever you can to aid in your struggle against the First Order. Whatever other information you want to verify, I’m sure you’ll be able to then.” “It wasn’t about her,” Leia says as she shakes her head. “This is about Ani. This is about your son.” She hesitates for a moment, as if deciding to try a different tactic. “You reached out to her because you were concerned for your son. Why was that?” Ren avoids her gaze and doesn’t answer. “Was it because you were afraid of Rey teaching him? Or Luke?” Ren says nothing, but the anger that he can feel well up inside of him is palpable, and Leia nods her head as if suspecting as much. “If it makes you feel the slightest bit better, Luke hasn’t started training him. Not yet, at least, he-” “Doesn’t want to make the same mistake twice?” Ren asks as he glances over at her, and Leia shifts her head from one side to the other. “Something like that,” she replies evenly. “But rest assured, we are taking every precaution to protect him against the dark side of the Force. He will never fall, and we will not allow him to be manipulated.” Ren wants to say something he knows he shouldn’t, and is almost surprised to see himself hold it back. “Is that why you had her trained as well?” he asks softly. “To prevent her from being manipulated as well?” “To help her learn control,” Leia replies. “She wants to protect her son as much as I do, but she’s bound to you, subject to the same dark impulses that you are. She needs just as much protection from Snoke’s control as he does.” She narrows her eyes at him. “Although you will have to indulge me. Why did you send her off the Starkiller Base?” Ren opens his mouth to speak, but she stops him before he can even say the words. “And don’t tell me it was because of an attack, because we didn’t have full intel on the mechanisms of the Starkiller or what it was capable of at that time. There was no attack, which means you decided to send her away for your own reasons, although I don’t pretend to know what those might have been though.” She tilts her head to the side as she squares her shoulders. “I could guess, though, or you could tell me.” Ren stays silent as he dips his eyes and thinks this over. He didn’t want to tell her; it was something that she had no business knowing. He valued his privacy above almost all else, and the value of this secret could not be overstated. “What did she tell you?” “I think I’ll keep that between us,” Leia replies, and Ren can’t help but grit his teeth in frustration. “I want an answer from you. Why did you send her away?” Ren says nothing, and it’s clear that he wants to say as little as he possibly can. “No, well, I can guess then. Was she with child when you sent her away?” “No,” Ren replies, a bit more forcefully than he meant to. “Why do you even want to know?” “Because it matters,” Leia retorts suddenly, and for the first time, he can feel her own anger ebbing out of her in waves. “Because it matters, Ren. When your son was born, I’m sure more than half the Force-sensitive people in the galaxy felt it. Luke was able to feel it, even in his seclusion on Ahch-To. The birth of that child was no accident. You loved her, I could feel that. It’s the reason I thought you had changed, the reason I asked Han to find you and bring you home.” Ren stays silent. There’s nothing he can say to that, nothing he could say even if he had wanted to try. She wasn’t wrong. He had fallen in love with you, or had been compelled to because of the bond, but whatever the case, he had given into his attraction to you and fallen in love with you as a result. But then he had sent you away, and everything after that became sort of a blur. He had lost sight of himself, lost sight of what he wanted. After he had met you, everything had changed. He had pledged to devote the rest of his life to Snoke and the First Order, but after he had sent you away, he found it harder and harder to focus on that goal when thoughts of you constantly filled his mind, especially when he felt that you had conceived his son. He had wanted to give it all up right then and there, but he couldn’t. He remembered when his father had asked him to come home. He had thought about it. He had considered it. He knew Snoke was using him for his power and was likely to discard him once he got what he had wanted, he was rational enough to understand that much, but he couldn’t do it. He just couldn’t. If he had, Snoke would have most assuredly targeted you next, and it would have been his fault if anything had happened to you. Besides, he had already caused too much harm by that point to ever be truly forgiven, and he supposed if he had gone back to the Resistance right then and there, he would have found himself in the same position that he was in now, locked up and imprisoned. He wants to offer an apology, but it would be as insincere as it would be useless. Leia didn’t want to hear it, and he didn’t feel particularly inclined to apologize for it. While he had regretted what he did, he saw it as a mandate at the time, and he didn’t have a choice but to go through with it. If he didn’t? If he had simply walked away? Snoke would have discarded him and he wasn’t quite sure what he would have done then. If Snoke had seen his inaction as a sense of betrayal, he would have sent his Knights to eliminate him once and for all, and if he sent them after him, you would probably be in danger as well, whether or not he came to take you with him. No, there was no opportunity for him to succeed, no chance to relax the dire circumstances held against him. Seemingly everywhere he looked, there was a negative consequence for each and every of his actions; even when he tried to do what he thought was right, it was only going to end up hurting someone else in the process. Instead, he tried to focus his priorities on doing right by himself first, and then by you, and he supposed that that would not and could not change if he was ever to escape this base. Doing right by you meant… “Why did you send her?” Ren asks quietly after a lengthy pause that feels as though it could have stretched on for hours. “Now? Why did you send her? She was ready before this, why did you wait?” “You reached out to her,” Leia replies simply. “You asked her to come. It seemed the perfect way to disguise her motives.” She hesitates for a moment, as if there’s something else she wants to say, but doesn’t. “I know about the pilot,” Ren concedes quietly, and Leia has the decency to look surprised. “She told you?” she asks, but when Ren just shakes his head, she seems to put the information together for herself, and her expression hardens. “Well, then, I guess you know.” She pauses for a moment, considering her words before she turns back to him. “They were getting closer, and I didn’t want to risk her turning down the assignment to stay with him when I knew that she was our best chance of getting you home. As it was, Commander Dameron was extremely nervous about sending her in, and I’ve never known him to disagree with me on just about anything.” “And you would let him-?” Ren starts, but he’s quickly cut off with a terse laugh from Leia. “I don’t let him do anything, Ren, he’s his own person,” she replies. “I know we’re at war, but he’s just as free as anyone else on this base to choose who he wants to be with, just as she is. I know she’s bonded to you, but things could change. She seems to like him a great deal and-” “And if she was with him, you’d never have to worry about her taking Anakin and running off with me,” Ren replies tersely as he narrows his eyes. “That, and you’ve got not one but two Force sensitive fighters for the Resistance, once he became of age. You have a lot to gain by their involvement, it seems.” “So I do,” Leia says with a shrug of her shoulders. “Like I said, it’s not my decision, it’s theirs.” “But when you said that could change?” Ren presses. “What are you trying to imply? The bond cannot be broken-” “Oh, there’s probably several ways to break it,” Leia replies. “Although I’m not quite sure why you haven’t tried harder to break it yourself. Was it to keep up your connection to Ani, or do you really still love her, after all this time?” “Does it matter?” Ren asks, spreading his hands at his sides to show his sincerity. “No,” Leia agrees with a quick shake of her head. “No, it doesn’t. I’m going to come back later with Luke to see what you know, and from there we’ll discuss the terms of your capture and what exactly that means for your future. Any decisions about whether or not Ani can come and visit you, I’ll leave to her. I’m not going to make that call myself.” Ren just nods his head tersely, and Leia mirrors the gesture as she turns towards the door. She stops for a moment, as if she wants to say something, but seemingly decides against it as she heads for the door. He can hear the door slide shut behind her, first one and then the other, before he walks over to inspect it. It seemed like an ordinary door, although- He tried to open it, but it would not budge. He closed his eyes and concentrated with all of his Force ability, but the door would not move, as impenetrable as the wall beside it. Inconvenient, but it wasn’t the most pressing of concerns as of this minute. He would either find out from Luke or his mother when they returned, or from you, whenever you gathered the strength to see him. You had fallen unconscious soon after you had landed, he had sensed that, but at least he was somewhat comforted the fact that you were probably being well cared for. They had called you the Champion of the Republic before, and now you were probably going to be Champion of the Resistance too, if Leia had anything to say about it. You were a valuable recruit, an asset to her, especially with his son by your side, and he could imagine that she would do just about anything to keep you here. And he would do just about anything to have you escape with him. He knew that he couldn’t really focus on those thoughts here, not with Luke about to probe his mind within the day. He would have to keep those thoughts buried deep under other obsessive thoughts to make sure that they never got discovered, but there was something he had to do first. With a quick glance towards the door, he quickly unbuckled his belt and activated a small tracker that was hidden within the buckle. It emitted a quick red pulse before the light was dimmed again. He waited for a response, for the two quick red pulses to show that his distress signal had been received, and he was almost surprised to see that she had gotten it much faster than he had anticipated. When the timing was right and she had adequate preparation to launch a counter offensive, he would receive a countdown by the number of hours until she would come, which would give him more than enough time to prepare his strategy. It was an archaic form of communication, communicating with just simple pulses of light in order to convey brief messages, but with his belt secured to his waist, the quick pulse of light was invisible to anyone watching, even himself, but that didn’t matter. He could wait until he was alone in solitude to check the progress of when they expected to complete his extraction, and through that, it gave him at least the smallest bit of comfort that whatever the Resistance or the New Republic had in store for him, there were people who were coming for him, as long as he had his belt on his person, it didn’t matter when they would come for him, only that they did . And they would. Captain Phasma hadn’t let him down yet, and she wouldn’t. Of that, he was almost sure. Notes: So next chapter might be my favorite chapter in the whole trilogy...which is weird because Reader's not even in it!! It's set during A Candle in the Night, and here's a small teaser of the characters involved to keep you guessing until next week! Characters: General Organa, Poe Dameron, Finn, Admiral Ackbar, Colonel Ematt, Captain Phasma That list seems pretty normal....up until the last one. What is Phasma doing in there? I guess you'll have to wait til next week to find out. Until then, cheers!! Chapter 13 Summary: Story: A Candle in the Night Perspective: Poe Dameron Chapter: An undisclosed amount of time after the capture of Kylo Ren Characters: General Organa, Poe Dameron, Finn, Admiral Ackbar, Colonel Ematt, Captain Phasma Things the Reader doesn’t know could hurt her For once in his life, Poe Dameron wished that things would just be easy. His parents had both told him a long time ago that nothing worth having came without its trials, but this seemed like it was almost too much for him to take. He had always been optimistic when it came to, well, pretty much anything, but now he found himself frustrated by how much seemed out of his control. By all accounts, he should have been pleased. His objective had been the same as it always was, to help take down the First Order, and by all accounts, they were succeeding in that regard. Captain Phasma may have been missing, but they had General Hux cornered, and, even more auspiciously, they had Kylo Ren in their custody and they were well on their way to finding out Snoke’s location. Luke was in with Ren right now, trying to extract every last bit of First Order plans and schematics from his mind so that they could bring down the Order once and for all. Even you had returned, safe and sound, and while he couldn’t deny that he was concerned by the Force bond between you, he has glad to see that you were alive and that you seemed to recognize just how destructive the Force bond could be. Even still, something had changed, although he couldn’t put his finger on exactly what it was. You didn’t act any differently around him, but he could tell that just being near Ren’s presence was overwhelming you in a way that he doubted even you knew how to explain. He had known how powerful the link between you two was, but he almost hadn’t been able to truly appreciate its strength until he had seen you in the med bay, completely under its influence. It had honestly scared him to see you that way, but he was relieved to see how quickly you had seemed to come back to yourself. It wasn’t at all surprising that your experiences on board the Resolute with Ren had left you shaken, and he could understand why you didn’t want to talk about it, at least, not right away. You had already mentioned that Snoke had commanded Ren to take your life, and he could only imagine how frightening of an encounter that must have been, even if Ren hadn’t gone through with it. That wasn’t to say he probably hadn’t tried, though, and he had a feeling that the blow to your head that you said you had taken might have been dealt while you were fighting to save your life. “Hey buddy,” Poe turns to Finn as he claps him on the shoulder, hard, as if trying to assess his strength. “Glad to see you up and about again. How’re you feeling?” “Seen better days,” Poe replies good-naturedly as he cracks a grin in his direction. “But I’m doing good, a little bit of bacta goes a long way.” “Glad you trained me how to pilot one of those things now, huh?” Finn teases, and Poe’s about to respond when he spots General Organa entering the room, and immediately falls silent after he manages to grab one good look at her expression. Her face was set and she seemed just about as serious as he had ever seen her. “Do you know what this meeting was about?” Poe quickly whispers to Finn, who just shakes his head. “It isn’t good, Poe,” he whispers back, and for a moment he’s almost surprised to hear the concern reflected in Finn’s voice. Finn wasn’t the jumpy sort, but he seemed almost downright scared of what was going to play out. Emergency meetings were never good, but he couldn’t deny that the atmosphere in the room seemed tenser than usual. Colonel Ematt kept playing with the sleeves of his tunic, Admiral Ackbar kept pacing the room, and a few others, who had been whispering in hushed tones in the corner, stopped immediately and dispersed the second General Organa entered the room. “Are we it?” Colonel Ematt asks as General Organa takes her position in front of a large holoprojector, and she just dips her head in a curt nod in response. “We’re it,” she confirms, her voice ringing clear and strong throughout the room as she glances at everyone in turn. “We’re here today because we have a difficult decision to make.” She takes a deep breath as she seems to brace herself for physical impact, leaning against the rim of the projector in front of her. “This is hard for me to say, but something unfortunate has happened and I think we should take a diplomatic vote as to what we should do. All of you here today have my fullest confidence, and I trust that we can make a decision as to how best to proceed.” Poe’s forehead puckers as he glances around the room. Ematt has his head dipped forward as if he’s already been briefed on the details, but says nothing as Leia continues. “I’ve selected you as you are the future of the Resistance, and I think it’s important for you to know the kinds of decisions you’re going to have to make going forward.” She takes a deep breath as she pulls up a projection, and Poe can feel his heart leap into his chest as he sees four men on their knees, blindfolded, hands held behind their heads. Poe can immediately recognize their distinctive New Republic uniforms, but his eyes immediately leap from that to the Storm Troopers that were standing behind them, blasters aimed straight at the back of their heads. As his eyes pull to the left, he can see the familiar chrome helmet of Captain Phasma standing beside them, as tall and imposing as ever. There are audible gasps throughout the room, and Leia grits her teeth as she looks away. “What is this?” Admiral Ackbar asks as he steps forward, staring up at the holo. “What is this? What’s happened?” “The Dauphin was a New Republic vessel that was on clandestine business delivering supplies to insurgents in the Outer Rim who were seeking to overthrow the First Order bases there,” Leia explains, turning her back on the holo. “Their ship was captured after a long battle, though it was presumed by the New Republic that all aboard had perished in the ship’s destruction when it crashed on Sullust. It wasn’t until yesterday that I received this holo from Captain Phasma. Apparently, they captured one of the escape pods containing four of the Dauphin’s commanding officers, and they’re willing to trade them in exchange for Kylo Ren being returned to the First Order, unharmed.” “They don’t know?” Poe can feel his jaw moving, but he’s almost unable to believe it. “You haven’t told the Republic that they’re alive yet, have you?” “No,” Leia confirms as she shakes her head from side to side. “No, this is a decision that we have to make.” She steadies her resolve as she turns to face everyone in the room in turn. “I know this is a difficult decision to make, but giving them Ren will be a mistake. We have gone to great lengths to capture him, and so many lives have already been lost, not only on the destruction of the Resolute , but during the whole of the First Order’s campaign. If we can end that now, we can save thousands of lives. If we were to give him up, those lives lost would have been in vain, and who knows how many more it would take until we could capture him again?” “This isn’t right,” Poe says as he turns to face everyone in the room. “This isn’t right, we can’t just take the lives of four people because-” “We’re not taking the lives of anyone,” Ematt says as he turns to face him, holding his hands at parade rest behind his back. “It is unfortunate, but Princess Leia is right. Four lives compared to the thousands that Ren has taken single-handedly, compared to those he will continue to take should we release him? It can’t be done. I’m sorry to say it, but it’s not worth the risk.” “What if there’s something else we can do?” Finn asks as he quickly steps forward beside Poe. “I don’t think we should just give the guy up either, but what if we can trade them for something else?” “And what would we trade?” Ackbar asks as he turns to him. “What else do we have that they want?” “We can’t trust the First Order,” Admiral Statura says as he steps forward, shaking his head as he looks up at the holo. “Even if we agreed to give them Ren, we have no proof that they would honor their agreement anyway.” He turns to Leia. “How do we know they’re still alive right now?” “That’s why we’re all here,” Leia explains. “We have ten minutes to make a decision. If we agree to hand him over, we’ll have three days in order to give them Ren, and they’ll kill one hostage for every day that it takes. If we say no, well, she’s assured me that they’ll have no trouble executing them on the spot.” She shakes her head from side to side. “It is regrettable, but no one else besides us in this room know that they’re alive. The New Republic has already informed their families that they have passed on. They are, for all intents and purposes, already deceased.” “Except that they’re not,” Poe is quick to rebuke. “They’re not dead, they’re right in front of us. If we can do something to save them, we have an obligation-” “That’s why we’re here,” Ematt says as he turns to him. “To try to figure out another alternative.” He turns to Leia. “What do our resources look like?” “Unfortunately, most of our prepared ordnance was exhausted in the battle against the Resolute trying to capture Ren in the first place,” Leia admits as she turns back to Poe. “I know this isn’t easy, and I don’t like this any more than you do, but we need to be realistic. If this is a war we intend to win, we may need to consider sacrificing the needs of a few for the good of many. We simply don’t have the numbers to release an offensive strike against the First Order right now; we don’t even know where they’re being held.” “So we make a plan,” Poe starts. “We say that we’re going to trade Ren for them, and then we strike, find some way to get them back.” “And what kind of offensive are you suggesting?” Ematt asks as he turns around to face him. “I’m not sure that it matters,” Statura says as he steps forward. “Even with the right strategy, I’m not sure we have the numbers. More men might die trying to save them, and that’s a loss that we cannot afford right now.” “Then we reach out to the New Republic,” Poe offers as he turns desperately to Leia. “It’s their men, I’m sure they’d be willing to work with us to help get them back.” “We don’t have the time,” Leia says as she shakes her head. “And you know how the New Republic is, Poe, it’s the reason you and I both left. By the time they tell us they’ve reached a decision on how to proceed, they’ll all have been dead for weeks. No, we just don’t have the time. Captain Phasma gave us ten minutes, and that’s all the time we have to make a decision.” “Well, if we’re taking a vote, I vote that we save them,” Poe says as he crosses his arms over his chest. “I know you do,” Leia says as she offers him a small smile. “And believe me, Poe, your perspective is appreciated. I know this isn’t easy for us, I’m just trying to make the right decision here.” “There is no right decision,” Ackbar says as he shakes his head. “We’ve had to make difficult decisions such as these in the days of the Empire, and every decision has a cost. It’s unfortunate to say, but in my opinion, the risks posed by their rescue outweigh the reward that could be gained by their recovery.” He pauses for a moment as he steadies his resolve. “But that’s not to say that their lives should be forfeit. I believe it may be possible to figure out a way to both retain Ren and save them. My vote is with Commander Dameron.” “Thank you,” Poe responds, his voice clean and sharp to show he means it. “Okay, Poe and Gial for,” Leia says as she turns to Ematt, waiting to hear his response. “As you said, Admiral, the risks posed by their rescue outweigh the reward that could be gained by their recovery,” Ematt echoes. “Unfortunately, my vote is against such an action.” “As is mine,” Statura as he steps forward, looking in Poe’s direction. “I’m sorry, Commander. It’s not an easy decision to make, but we can’t lose any more men when we don’t even know that the First Order will keep their word and honor our agreement.” Poe just dips his head forward in understanding before he turns back to Leia, who lets out a sigh as she turns to Finn. “Well, we’re running out of time and the vote is split, two for and two against. Looks like you get to make the deciding vote.” Finn seems to wrestle with himself for a few moments, but Poe allows himself to at least relax somewhat. Finn had risked his life for civilians before, had always been the one to make sure that everyone got out of an assignment safely. He was almost ninety percent certain that Finn would side with him on this, and together they would work out a plan in order to save the lives of those New Republic soldiers and bring them home. “Sorry, Poe,” Finn mutters as he vaguely glances in Poe’s direction, before he turns to face General Organa directly. “I know Captain Phasma better than anyone in this room, and I’ve seen what the First Order is capable of firsthand. It doesn’t matter what she says; they’re not going to hand them over.” He turns briefly to look in Poe’s direction. “I know you want to at least try, but they’re right. It’ll put too many other lives in danger, and we can’t risk Ren getting loose again, especially when we’re this close to taking out Snoke. There’s too much on the line right now, and we can’t risk it.” Poe just lets out a sigh as he shakes his head from side to side. He didn’t agree with it, but this was a democracy and he could understand the point that they were trying to make. If fifty men went in to try to save them and only four came out, was it truly worth the risk? It was doubtful that they could trust Captain Phasma to do the exchange herself, and even more likely that the four officers would just be killed as soon as Ren was free. It was almost a miracle that he had seemed to resign himself to his capture for your sake, but he doubted it would happen a second time. As he looks up, he can see General Organa watching him intently, and he quickly squares his shoulders as he turns back to face her. “I understand,” he says simply as he spreads his hands by his sides to show his sincerity, and Leia nods her head quickly. “Okay then,” she replies as she glances down at the holo. “And it looks like our time is up. I guess our decision is made.” She hesitates for the briefest of moments as her eyes slip shut, and Poe could tell that this was just as difficult for her as it was for them. Ematt may have been right, they weren’t the ones that were pulling the trigger, but to let them die if they could do something to try to prevent it? Poe wasn’t quite sure there was a way to deal with that, or if he should even try. He just had to focus on the mission in front of him and keep pushing forward. Finn was right. With Ren captured, it could spell an end to the First Order once and for all, and he had to be objective and keep that thought front and center. He’s distracted from his thoughts as Leia pulls up the holo of Captain Phasma. In the background, he can still see the men on their knees, blindfolded, the Storm Troopers still holding the blasters to the back of their heads, ready to fire the second their captain gave the demand. “So,” Phasma says as she tilts her chromed head to the side. “Do we have a deal?” “What do you want besides Ren?” Leia asks, absolutely unflinching as she stares up at the holo. “The agreement was for Ren ,” Phasma says pointedly. “If you have nothing further to offer-” “Oh, we have plenty to offer,” Leia responds promptly, thinking as quickly as she can. “It’s just a matter of naming what else you want. I’m sure there has to be at least one other thing on this base that you want just as badly as Ren.” Phasma pauses for a moment, as if she’s seriously considering giving this some thought. “I want the boy,” she says at length, and Poe can feel an icy chill go through him as he stares resolutely down at the floor, gnawing on his lower lip to keep him from speaking out of turn. “Ren’s son.” “I would be willing to negotiate that further, but unfortunately, I don’t know where he is,” Leia starts. “He-” “Kill one of them.” There’s a sudden blast that echoes through the holo, and Poe almost can’t bring himself to watch as the body of one of the officers slumps lifelessly to the floor. “It would do you well not to lie to me,” Phasma replies coolly. “I happen to have it on good authority that his mother is on base, and I know that she would never let him out of her sight.” Finn glances nervously over at Poe, who can only grit his teeth as he thinks this over. Was that simply a good guess, or did she know more than she was letting on? They had done their best to make sure that there were no First Order spies among their ranks, but it was always a risk that they had to be wary of. He glances up to Leia who takes a deep breath in and lets it out slowly, trying to buy time to think. “He’s a child,” Leia says at length. “We couldn’t just send him alone.” “I’m sure his mother would be willing to accompany him,” Phasma replies, and Poe can feel his heart sink. He remembered how you had once explained that you and Phasma had begun to become friends back on the Starkiller Base, and he honestly couldn’t understand how you, of all people, could ever possibly stand to be around someone who acted so ruthlessly and killed without reserve. He couldn’t imagine even one thing that you could possibly have in common with each other, except maybe the physical training and sparring you had done together. She may have been a good teacher, Poe could probably believe that, but friend? If she had been kind to you, it was most likely because she was looking out for her own self-interests, trying to recruit you over to the Order, and Poe would never let that happen. Despite your bond with Ren, you were a good, kind person, and he hated to see you caught in the middle of something that you never wanted to be part of in the first place. “That’s obviously not a decision I can make,” Leia starts. “You are in charge of your base, are you not?” Phasma asks. “If it is your base, you can give the order. You can give me Ren, or the child and his mother, although all three would be ideal. You have one minute to decide.” Leia doesn’t take more than fifteen seconds to make her decision. “No,” she replies simply, although the look that she gives Captain Phasma through the holo is pure venom. “Very well,” Phasma says as she turns back to her troops. “Fire.” To her credit, Leia doesn’t cut the transmission right away. She waits to see the action carried through to completion, waits until the gruesome act is over and done with before she turns off the holo. Perhaps it was their duty to burn such a memory onto their conscience forever, to remember just what kind of people this war was turning them into. In the back of his mind, he wondered if she had had to make the same hard decisions during the first Galactic Civil War, if these were just another four lives to add to the tally of the ones she felt personally responsible for. He wondered if these were the same kinds of decisions that his parents had made when they had fought. At first he would have insisted that his mother would have voted to spare their lives, how could she vote anything but? Unfortunately, now he couldn’t say anything with absolute certainty, an unshakable tremor of doubt that he felt increasingly more aware of as of late. “Poe,” Leia says suddenly, and he shakes his head briefly to clear away these wayward thoughts before he turns back to face her, squaring his shoulders to show the height of his attention. “General.” “Keep a close eye on her and Ani,” she says simply before she turns and strides with purpose out of the room, but Poe just nods and keeps silent. He was already keeping a good watch on both of you, but before it had been for a different reason. If there was a First Order sympathizer on base, they might reach out to you in an attempt to spare Ren; heck, Captain Phasma might be able to find some way to communicate with you herself, and Poe wasn’t quite sure if you would honestly tell them if she did. He felt certain you would tell them if Ren was trying to escape, but after what he had seen in the med bay, he just couldn’t be sure of anything anymore. One by one, the others file out of the room, with no one really saying much of anything. Not that there was anything to say, not really. He notices that everyone seems to be avoiding the eyes of anyone else in the room, and he knows by tomorrow that this will all have been forgotten, or at least, attempted to be forgotten. It would never be discussed again, at any rate, never mentioned, as if it was something that hadn’t happened, as if they hadn’t just watched the brutal massacre of four people whose lives had depended on them to make a decision. But had they chosen wrong? Poe just couldn’t be sure. Eventually it’s just Finn and Poe left in the large room, and Poe can feel the thick layer of tension in the room almost physically weighing down his shoulders. Finn turns to him as he opens his mouth to speak, before shutting it and thinking better of it. “I’m sorry,” he manages at length, but Poe just quickly holds up a hand to cut him off before the apology could go any further. “You’ve got nothing to be sorry about,” Poe says firmly, wanting to make this as clear to him as it was to himself. “This isn’t your fault. You’re not the one who pulled the trigger.” Finn just shakes his head, like that doesn’t even matter, like he doesn’t know what to say or where to begin. “I wish we didn’t have to make that call.” “Me too, buddy, me too.” “I would have thought that with Ren in custody, things would start to get easier…” Finn ventures, his voice trailing off as his left hand uselessly gestures vacantly into the air in front of him. “No,” Poe says with a quick shake of his head. “No, now they’re going to start getting desperate, which means we have to be more wary of them than ever.” Finn hesitates for a moment, before he seemingly brings himself to ask the question that he’s wanted to ask all along. “Are you going to tell her about this?” he asks as he looks up at him. “I mean, I know Leia would never hand them over, but do you think that we should warn her that the First Order is interested in her and Ani?” “No,” Poe replies with a quick shake of his head. “If we say anything, then she’s going to ask questions, and I don’t want to tell her what happened here today. She’ll only blame herself, and I don’t want to watch her go through that.” He shakes his head from side to side, as if to confirm this to himself. No, there was no need to tell you what had transpired here today, no reason for you to bear the same weight and the guilt that he had to go through on a daily basis. He knew that he would forever be haunted by the things that he had seen, by the tough decisions that he had to make, and there was no reason for you to bear that pain as well. You had never wanted to be a part of this war, and so if the decision was his to make, he would shelter you from as much as he could. He had done it before, and, he suspected, he would need to do it again as well. No, there were some things that you just didn’t need to know. Chapter 14 Summary: Story: A Candle in the Night Perspective: Poe Dameron Chapter: Parallel to chapter 14, Rey confronts Poe about his feelings for Reader Characters: Poe Dameron, Rey, Finn Taking place while Reader is off training with Finn Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe could hear quiet footsteps fall into line behind him as he headed away from the blasting range, although he had gotten used to the familiar sound of her gait. It was different than the others, somehow, and he attributed it to her having walked on sand for so long; traversing those sandy hills of Jakku were much different from walking on the flat, tiled floors of the base, and he could say that for sure now that he had experienced it firsthand. “You know, you don’t have to stalk me,” Poe says teasingly as he turns and spreads his hands at his sides. “Stalking? I just call it following,” Rey says with a self-satisfied smirk as she rolls her shoulders, as if it didn’t make a difference either way. “How were things this morning?” “Good,” Poe replies simply, turning around but pausing for a moment to give her time to catch up beside him before they started walking again. “She’s coming along really well here.” “In terms of piloting or-?” “Both,” Poe says with a firm nod of his head. “Although you knew that already. You’re the one who told me she would make a great pilot, remember?” “Force reflexes,” Rey confirms. “Although it helps that she does genuinely want to learn.” “And it shows,” Poe heads, dipping his head forward again, but Rey just looks up at him and then back down the hallway as she emits a small laugh. “What, what is it?” “Nothing,” Rey says quickly, but as Poe shoots her a look out of the corner of his eye, Rey can’t help but laugh again. “No, I mean it. It’s fine. It’s nothing.” “You know, it’s not fair if you do that whole mind trick thing,” Poe points out, but Rey just shakes her head. “No Jedi mind tricks,” she confirms. “I didn’t even need to use the Force for this one. Finn can sense it too. I’m pretty sure just about everyone can.” “Everyone?” Poe repeats blankly as he raises his eyebrows, surprised that there was a secret going on around base that he wasn’t in on. “Okay, maybe not everyone,” Rey relents. “But anyone who’s spent time with you in the past two weeks probably picked up on it sometime or another.” “Okay, now you have to tell me,” Poe counters as he turns to her. “Really, tell me, what’s going on?” They’re almost to the Green Room, and Rey stays silent for a moment before she grabs Poe’s hand and pulls her along into the Green Room, making sure to shut the door behind him using the Force. “I wasn’t going to say anything,” Rey says at first as she begins to walk about the room, surveying each of the plants around her to see which of them needed water and extra attention that day. “But Finn was worried that Leia might pick up on it…” She laughs softly to herself as she shakes her head. “But if we know, Leia most certainly does. Leia picks up on everything .” Poe’s jaw drops before he shakes his head and quickly recovers himself. “All right, if the General knows, then you have to tell me.” He crosses his arms over his chest as he stares her down, impatiently waiting for a reply. He wasn’t quite sure what it was that Rey thought she sensed about him that it was so easy for others to pick up on as well, but if it affected the General’s judgement of him, then he had to know what it was. Then again, it must not have been that important, because the General was never one to hold back her feelings on anything, and if she hadn’t said anything to him then whatever it was surely could not have been that important…right? Rey turns back to him, drawing her lips back into a wide smile. “You like her.” “Who?” Poe asks, caught off his guard for a moment. “Lei… oh .” He quickly recovers himself as he shakes his head from side to side as if to dismiss the idea. “We’re friends, that’s all.” “Right,” Rey says as she dips her head forward, turning back to her plants. “Good friends, that’s all.” “Right.” “Uh-huh.” “Exactly.” Poe dips his head forward in a curt nod as Rey turns back to him and giggles again, shaking her head as though she didn’t believe him. He just lets out a sigh as he puts his hands on his hips. “And where is this coming from, anyway?” Rey just shakes her head, like it’s suddenly not worth discussing. “For what it’s worth, she has feelings for you too,” Rey replies as she glances down and away, missing the look on Poe’s face as his eyebrows shoot up in surprise. Still, she can sense his flicker of emotion through the Force as she turns back to face him. “Oh, come on, it’s not that hard to believe.” “But Ren-” “Ren is gone,” Rey says firmly, with some hint of finality to her voice. “I’ve taught her to keep her shields raised so he won’t trouble her anymore. If she can do what I’ve asked and keep him out, then he won’t trouble her anymore and she won’t have to be a part of this.” “That’s what we keep saying,” Poe agrees. “But there’s more to it than that. You know there’s more to it than that. Leia’s still hoping that she’ll be the link that will lead us to her son.” “I know what Leia wants,” Rey agrees before she turns back to Poe suddenly. “But I also know what I want. Ren is a monster; he’ll destroy her. He ruined my life, and he’ll ruin hers if given the chance. He’ll pull her over to the dark side with him, and I don’t want to see that happen.” “Hey, hey,” Poe says quickly, holding up his hands in an appeasing gesture. “Nothing’s going to happen, all right? She’s safe here, you’re both safe here.” He steadies his gaze. “And she’s not going to go over to the dark side, I don’t think she’s capable of it.” “She’s capable,” Rey says, and for a moment her gaze becomes distant as she focuses on one speck of green in particular, letting her mind travel to a far-off memory that didn’t belong to her. “Believe me, she’s more than capable.” Rey hesitates for a moment before she looks back up at Poe. “Which is why you should do it.” “Do it?” Poe repeats blankly. “Do what?” “Do…” Rey gestures with one hand out in front of her. “Whatever it is you’ve been doing. Keep her interested, ask her out, just do something to show her that you like her. It could end up saving her life.” Poe averts his eyes for a moment, failing to mention that he had actually more or less done that this morning. “Saving her life?” he repeats with a slight laugh. “That’s a little dramatic, wouldn’t you say?” Rey just shakes her head in disagreement and takes a moment to collect her thoughts. “She’s not completely over Ren,” she admits quietly. “I wish she was, but she’s not, and I don’t think she ever quite will be. The more we can keep her focused on what’s here, the more we can make her feel more included here, the less chance we have to worry about her ever going back to him. We need to make her feel like this is her home now, or that it could be.” Poe nods his head along in time to her words, hearing what she was saying and agreeing with almost all of them. She had a point. If Ren were to break through the mental shield Rey had helped her create and ask her to come to him, she would go. Leia was counting on that fact, was hoping for it, but then again, Leia made a lot of risky calls since Han died. Poe didn’t want to outright say that she viewed your life as expendable, but that was why you were here, wasn’t it? That’s why he had found you, brought you here, and trained you? Ren had weeded out and murdered anyone that they had tried to slip in undercover to ascertain his whereabouts, no doubt still wary since the last reconnaissance group had been discovered, the very group you had been a part of. Something was different about you, Leia could feel it, and somehow she knew that you would be the one to bring her son back to her. Poe wasn’t quite sure if this was true or if it was just a fool’s hope, a mother’s hope, but it might explain why Rey had been so concerned. From his own encounters, he had known Ren to become more and more unstable, especially after the destruction of the Starkiller Base, and it wasn’t a lie to say that he didn’t want anything to happen to you, or for you to be more caught up in this than you already were. “Fair enough,” he relents as he dips his head forward. “For what it’s worth, I do see her fitting in here, I do. I think she could really help us end the war if she really wanted to, but-” “Right now she’s still too focused on Ren,” Rey agrees with a nod of her head. “But like I said, we just need to show her that her home is here, and I have a plan to do just that.” “The lightsaber,” Poe remembers. “You really think she’ll be able to construct it herself.” “Well, I’ll be helping,” Rey teases. “But I do. I’m eager to see which Kyber crystal she chooses; it will give me more insight into her character and how well she puts it together will give me an indication of just how far she’s come.” “Is it going to be blue, like yours and Luke’s?” Poe asks, but Rey just shakes her head. “I have a few theories on that,” she says as she turns back to her plants. “Let’s just say, I’m hoping it’ll be any color but red. It shouldn’t be, there’s no reason for it to be, but I don’t know how much her power has been influenced by Ren and how much she’s been able to take control of for herself. But if you consider her past and how she learned and partner that with her true self, I foresee that we might be able to get a truly interesting outcome.” “Interesting?” Poe echoes. “Interesting how?” “Like I said, I’m keeping my theories to myself for now,” Rey says, but offers him nothing more than that. “What about Luke?” Poe presses. “What does he think?” “He thinks she’s not ready,” Rey admits, a frown visibly etching into her features. “I can see why he’s concerned, though, after all that Ren did. He thought Leia training her was brash and reckless; but I don’t sense that same sort of penchant for chaos coming from her. She may be like him in many ways, but not concerning this.” “They’re nothing alike,” Poe insists as he shakes his head back and forth. “She’s not a killer. She could never do the things he’s done, never.” “I hope you’re right,” Rey agrees as she looks up at him. “But she’s wrapping up with Finn and she’s on her way here. You should get gone, unless you want her to come in here and think that we’ve been talking about her.” “We have been talking about her,” Poe points out, but he takes a step towards the door regardless. “But I get your point. I’ll be back with Finn once she’s finished it?” “Looking forward to it,” Rey agrees as she turns back to face him. “Just remember what we talked about, okay?” Poe dips his head forward in a curt nod before he heads out the door, heading to the hangar to see what Snap was up to. Even still, he couldn’t get what Rey had said out of his mind. It all seemed very cynical and detached, but they had a point, didn’t they? They were fighting a war right now, and they needed you to be a part of it, one way or another, and the best way that they could do that if they gave you incentive to be here. You already had security on this base, but it was more than clear that that wasn’t what you wanted. As he passed the command center, he couldn’t help but notice a large green Tortutaru pass through the sliding doors, and he gave a curt nod in his direction before he stopped in his tracks as something else Rey had said occurred to him, and as he let her words echo in the back of his mind, he suddenly realizes that that wasn’t just any of the Tortutaru. That was Taro’s brother. “Hey,” he says suddenly as he turns back around to face him. He wasn’t quite sure if he was able to be heard much less understood, but Taro’s brother patiently turns around to regard him. “Um...” Poe begins, fumbling with his hands, trying to think of any gesture or pantomime he could use in order to convey what he wanted to say. Fortunately, Taro’s brother seems to be able to understand what he wants as he holds up his hand and gestures for him to come with him, and Poe’s look of hesitation is suddenly replaced by a shy, nervous smile. He didn’t really believe all that much in fate, but he believed in the Force, and considering just how infrequently the Tortutaru ventured to this part of the base after the failed mission on the Starkiller Base, this had to be a sign from the Force that he was headed in the right direction. Although what that meant for his future, or yours, he had absolutely no idea. Notes: So I know this isn't everyone's favorite chapter considering the lack of both Kylo Ren and Reader, but I had written this out in Candle and decided after the last chapter that this was a good time to share this one as well!! Hope you enjoyed it at least a little bit regardless!! Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 4 of the Signs and Smoke Signals series