I. The island of Jakku is a small, dull little thing. If seen from the mainland, it’s not much more than an overly large sandbar with a cluster of buildings desperately built upon it - a pathetic excuse for a town. Traders only occasionally stumble upon the sand before they reach the mainland, leaving the people rowing towards the shore for work and supplies. It’s only redeemable quality, if it can even be declared as such, is the marble temple settled where the sand is highest. It’s rare that someone would arrive on the shores of Jakku for anything else; its people are not entirely welcoming, the land not plentiful and they have no produce or craft to their name. They do, though, have the temple. The temple that is currently being meticulously cleaned by its one and only attendant. The wet cloth slaps noisily against the stone as she leans over in the sun, wiping at the flat of the stone and the crease between the step she’s kneeling on and the one above. Rey knows that with sand comes dust, and plenty of it gathers on the steps of the temple. If left for too long, it becomes a hazard. She’s seen more than one small child slip on the sand-covered steps, unaware of the danger. So she cleans and wipes, every third sunrise, to keep the temple clean and safe for its few worshippers. The statue of Aphrodite needs to be cleaned as well, she thinks. And she’ll clean it, just as she’s done every day since she became the sole servant to the goddess at the age of ten. She casts a glance towards the path, looking through the columns towards the orange horizon. The sun is not yet hot on her back as she does her cleaning, too low in the sky for heat but high enough to illuminate the world around her. She knows from years of this practice that if she works steadily, she’ll be finished the front porch by mid-morning. She wipes the sand from the step she’s sitting on before dipping the cleaning cloth back into the bowl of water. It’s too early for other activity. Most of the islands inhabitants work when the sun is high and the prospect of visitors higher, so she frowns as she hears yelling down near town. Sound rarely carries up to her, so whoever is yelling must be truly distressed. She sets the cloth in the bowl and stands, brushing sand from her simple tunic, squinting in the morning sun as a man rushes towards her. He gets too close too quickly, and she takes a hesitant step back up the steps, nearly tripping over herself. He follows her up, much to her discomfort. The man, a small man with a pinched face and greasy hair, is unfamiliar to her, his hands large and rough as they grab at her forearms. She wrenches herself backwards, almost slipping on the slick steps and tumbling to the stone. “I-“ she starts in protest. “They’re coming.” If she hadn’t been able to smell the wine on his being before, she certainly is able now. A worshipper of Dionysus, it seemed, she thinks as he stares at her, eyes wide and fearful. “They’re coming, you have to hide!” It’s in sloppy Latin, his slurred words an ugly cross between her known Greek and his language. “Whom?” she demands in her own tongue as she struggles from him. “Who is coming?” “The Emperor,” he breathes, and she winces again at the smell of his breath, sharp and sour and foul. He stumbles backwards from her, hands releasing his grip on her arms before he turns and runs back down the hill, leaving her shocked still on the temple steps. The Emperor? She’s not so ignorant nor as oblivious as Jakku’s people seem to think. Despite being the attendant of the temple, she does walk down to the docks and hear things. She’s heard of the Emperor, a dark-haired man whose skin rejects the browning of the sun. She’d scoffed at his name at first – Ren, simple enough to be sung or snapped. Rumor has it he thinks himself the greatest man, worthy enough to be a god. What man thinks he’s equal with the gods? Surely he’ll be struck down by Zeus soon, in the span between one breath and the next, for all people knew the greatest god can’t handle someone whose ego is greater than his own. She stands, brushing herself off and adjusting the leather belt around her waist before returning to cleaning the steps. She’s an attendant – the sole one at that, and she can’t stop serving her goddess regardless of what some drunk says. She won’t pay any mind to any Emperor, regardless of how important he thinks he is. Rey’s halfway up the steps, the sun just a bit higher in the blue sky, when noise starts up again. She nearly ignores it, and probably would have if she hadn’t heard screams or seen the smoke starting to curl into the sky. She stands and trips backwards, landing on her backside against the marble. She can see figures on their way up. They didn’t look like regular worshippers, most people taking their time on the way to the temple. No, these figures … marched? Soldiers. They've never had soldiers, before. But she knows from the stories of traders and travelers that soldiers bring violence and destruction. No, not here... She scrambles backwards and rushes into the temple, grabbing the oil that was burning and shoving it into the ashes. She extinguishes the fires she’d lit earlier that morning in an attempt to give the impression that it's abandoned, an empty space with no inhabitants. It’s only when she’s extinguished the last one that she realizes that she’d left her bowl and cloth on the front steps, in plain view of the Emperor and his men. She nearly curses, rushing back towards the small alcove she’d claimed as her own since she was a child, in hopes that it would now play the part of a hiding space until the men moved on. She should’ve known it was foolish to attempt. She moves around the corner, and comes face to face with a figure in the Empire’s armor. Her shriek echoes along the marble surfaces of the temple, and she stumbles back. She trips over her own tunic and goes tumbling to the floor, hitting the stone painfully. She knocks her elbow against the floor, pain flaring up her arm and teeth grinding down as a result. The figure steps forward, looming over her, and she swears she can hear her heartbeat roaring in her ears over the harsh sounds of fighting that come up from the town below. Her Latin is weak, at best, visitors not staying long enough to teach her and those who live on the island too engrossed in themselves to instruct her. So her mind reels as the soldier barks orders, voice deep. She struggles to her feet the moment he turns back to look towards one of his men, and runs in the opposite direction, towards the back of the temple. She doesn’t get far. She regrets the length of her worn tunic as he chases after her, his foot landing on the fabric and yanking her back into him. She can feel the cold press of his armor against her bare back, and straightens in fear as his sword comes around to press against her throat. He speaks again, and she swallows. “I don’t know,” she hisses in her own language. She can feel his chuckle, chest rattling the metal she’s been forced back against. “What is your name?” he demands, this time in Greek. “My name does not matter,” she snaps. He hums, lowering the sword minutely. His foot is still holding her prisoner in his arms, and she remains shocked still as he turns his head and speaks another order to his men. Her Latin may be weak, but she understands the word ‘kill’ well enough. “Why do you do this?” she breathes, eyes on the blade that doesn’t so much as shake in his grip, sure and steady against her throat. “Your people do not contribute to the Empire,” he insists. “They offer no payment for the land, and while they cater to traders they do not declare their interactions with them." “I can give you payment,” she says hurriedly. “I can pay for them.” There’s a pause, long and deep. She can hear her shaky breath in the silence of the temple, can just barely hear the sound of screams and metal meeting metal beyond the columns. She nearly gasps as his hand grabs at her upper arm, the sword fully falling from her throat and returning to its sheath. She’s given half a moment to breathe before she’s being dragged across the stone floor as he moves to the front at the temple, turning towards a tall figure in armor with a red tunic. The soldier holding her speaks too quickly; she doesn’t have the time to decipher it, to try and pick out words that she knows. Instead she’s left waiting as the man in red hesitates, then nods and walks off, yelling orders to the other men in armor as he goes. She’s tugged forward, his grip on her arm too strong to break free from – though she does try, desperately, nails clawing at his hand in an attempt to free herself. “No!” They stop suddenly, and she nearly trips into him. He turns and looks down at her, and she can see his face for the first time. Her breath catches in her throat. His eyes are dark, face pale and cheekbones high; she sees a prominent nose and full lips, as well. He isn’t frowning at her, but his gaze is hard, and she stops trying to pull from his grip. He would be handsome, if he’d come in a merchant’s ship instead of on a war boat, she thinks. “You said you would pay,” he tells her. “Would you give yourself for the Emperor to save your people?” She lets herself cast a glance back towards the temple. It’s a choice; a simple one, really, though her heart aches to make it. Though, wasn’t this an act of love? There is love for one’s lover, one’s neighbor, one’s children and one’s parents. Though she didn’t have much affection for the people of the island, she could say that she loved a few, and loved the idea of it remaining the way it was. She would not be turning her back on the goddess, no - she would be making a sacrifice in the name of her. She turns back towards the solider and nods. “Yes,” she informs him. “Swear to it.” “I swear on my goddess, Aphrodite, to give myself for my people,” she says, the words spilling from her lips so quickly that they’re barely words at all. He seems to understand, though, and nods his helmed head, and then she’s being pulled along again, down the street and away from her home. She casts one more glance back at the temple before she’s yanked forward, pushed in front of the solider and forced to walk. - She’s never stepped foot off of Jakku before. Her place was in the temple, not on the mainland. The idea of a ship is incredibly familiar with how many seafarers and merchants stumble upon their shores before they reach the mainland, but she’s never been on a ship herself. Too distracted by seeing the sails and oars up close, she nearly trips over an uneven plank onto the deck. The soldier’s hands on her aren’t exactly gentle, but he does right her and keep her from falling. “Careful,” he warns, voice almost dulcet. She offers him no response, instead letting herself be led to the top deck. The men have been assembled below, though a few are staggering on with blood on their armor and weapons. Rey avoids looking at them, instead turning her head towards the other side of the deck. The man she’d seen with the red tunic is ordering the soldiers in Latin. She doesn’t know these words; they’re words of war, not wares. She watches for a few more moments before turning to the man who is holding her, his hands still tight on her upper arms. “Are you not to go below deck?” she asks in Greek, frowning up at him. Surely there was a spot for him, an empty seat with an assigned oar. “No,” he says simply in her language, and nods for her to face forward. She does so reluctantly, looking past the bow and towards the beaches of the island. There are people gathered there, mothers with children huddled close and men with their arms around the mothers. She resists the urge to breathe a sigh of relief. There is blood splattered on the sand, and she’d seen plenty in the streets on the way to her fate, but there are a good number of people gathered on the shore to watch the soldiers leave. Not too many had been slaughtered. She thanks the gods, muttering softly under her breath and promising to give proper thanks later. She can feel the soldier behind her shift behind her, armor rustling and clanking as he moves. She straightens her back as his grip tightens slightly when the red-tuniced man barks another order. “Where is the Emperor?” she demands, narrowing her eyes against the bright sun in search of the man himself. “On the mainland,” her captor replies simply in her language. She looks up in surprise, meeting his dark eyes. He looks amused, smirk slight as he looks down at her. “He is not here?” “You think he would waste his time with this pathetic little island?” the man asks, though his tone isn’t as mocking as she’d expected for it to be. “No, he is in his palace, waiting for our return.” She stares up at the man for another moment, before the ship is pushed from shore with a lurch. She yelps audibly as she jerks forward, her balance failing her as soon as the ship moves from the shore and starts to rock. The soldier behind her had been expecting it, it seems, but she had not. He jerks her back against him, and she hisses at the cold metal of his armor on the bare skin of her shoulders and back. “Watch yourself,” he mutters as she regains her balance. She wants desperately to turn and scowl at him, but it wouldn’t do her any favors, so instead she looks straight ahead towards the land of green. - She shivers in the sea breeze as they reach the port. The man’s hands are warm on her upper arms, but she desperately wishes she had something aside from her thin, wash-worn tunic and wraps to cover herself. As soon as the ship is tied down, she’s being pushed off ahead of the men. The soldier still holds her and guides her through the crowds of people. The population of the Empire pay them no mind, and Rey realizes with a lurch of horror that a soldier gripping a woman and forcing her with him wouldn’t exactly be a rare sight. It makes her sick to her stomach, and she feels nearly ill as the soldier yells something in Latin. She recognizes ‘horse’, briefly. The boat is still here, and there are others. No one seems to be paying any attention to the girl being held by a soldier, and she bites her lip as she moves her arm slightly, relieved when he doesn’t tighten his grip. Perhaps there’s a chance, then … She sees a flash of red out of the corner of her eye, and turns away from the soldier’s hands to see the superior officer in red moving towards them. Her soldier straightens slightly at the sight of him, and she’s shifted slightly so that he stands in front of her. The superior’s voice is sharp and demanding. She can’t make a single word out, but is startled when her soldier answers in the same tone. It’s a short exchange, each word venomous and severe in its execution. The other man turns after a moment of silence and starts walking back towards the ship, where soldiers are coming off with the spoils of their ransacking. His grip has loosened slightly in the time he spent talking to the other man, and she’s still pushed behind him. Heart racing, she takes advantage of his looking the other way and twists suddenly, breaking from his hands and rushing to the left. She dodges his immediate attempt to grab her, trying to slip into the throng of people and disappear. She gets maybe ten steps before there are hands around her waist and she’s being yanked backwards. She grunts and kicks, like she did when she was little in the small marketplace of Jakku. It worked, then; her kicks and squirming aren’t helping her now, not at all. His arms are firm around her, and Rey’s carried back to an open carriage. His arms aren’t quite low enough to bite at, and she tries to claw at him, but he sets her down on her feet and grips at her forearms, holding her steady on the floor of the carriage. “I thought you swore to give yourself for your people,” he says, tone amused and a bit snarky. “And you thought I’d go willingly,” Rey snarls, trying to look back at him and failing, only getting an eyeful of his bronze chest plate. She startled slightly when he lets go of her arms and moves behind her, his hands guiding hers to rest on the edge of the structure and curling her fingers around the lip of it. “Hold on,” he tells her, his arms caging her in. Unless she ducks and – no, there’s not enough room for that. “What did he ask you?” she questions, voice a growl. “The red man.” “The General,” the soldier replies swiftly as he reaches for the reins. He snaps them and the horse starts to walk through the streets, civilians parting wordlessly for the soldier and his captive. “He was asking if you were mine,” he replies simply, voice sounding hollow and strange. She hates to hear her language like that, deep and echoing and not at all beautiful like it should be. “Am I?” she demands, but he says nothing as he continues to guide the carriage through the streets, leaving her with her own thoughts and fears to dwell on. - It’s nicer than Jakku, she notices as they ride. There are more people. Everything’s significantly cleaner than her little hovel of a home, the temple having been the only thing cleaned regularly thanks to her duties. Rey stills, eyes widening as they come to the palace. It’s a huge, sprawling thing of stone, columns and archways aplenty. People are moving in and out of archways and doors like water, a constant flow of activity. There’s a young man there to take the reins when they come to a stop, and then her upper arm is being grabbed and she’s being tugged through the palace. Her bare feet slap painfully against the stone pathways as the soldier forces her forward, and she winces as his grip on her tightens as more people pass. There are steps leading up into the main courtyard, and she’s dragged up them and taken to the right almost immediately. The soldier barks something in his own language, and a man comes up in the short span of a heartbeat, skin darker than Rey’s ever seen, body broad and strong. He wears the same armor but lacks the helmet, the knife at his side significantly shorter than the soldier’s blade. The soldier holding her mutters something short and harsh, and then pushes her towards the other man. She steps forward as the man reaches to take her, hands significantly gentler than the soldier’s. What follows the exchange is a slew of what she can only assume are orders, the taller soldier spewing words she doesn’t know. But the other man knows, apparently, as he nods and then she’s being guided away to the left, through a pair of doors, and down a long hallway illuminated by the sunlight. Whatever materials they’d used in the mosaics on the floor sparkle, and she finds herself staring down at it – the bits of metal and shell and glass that depict some sort of floral design, intricate and beautiful. There was nothing like this on Jakku; the only thing that sparkled was the sea. This soldier’s touch is lighter, kinder. He pushes her along, yes, but it’s at her own speed. He’s merely her guide towards where she’s supposed to go, it seems. He lets her dawdle, lets her gaze down at the bits of mosaic between her bare toes before moving her onward. She likes him more, she decides. Perhaps he’ll let her go if she’s kind to him, and clever enough. “Where am I going?” she asks, glancing towards the soldier. She asks it first in her own tongue, and then broken Latin. “The Emperor’s rooms,” he says, surprisingly, in her own language. She’s shocked but comforted by the familiarity as he guides her down the hallway. People pass for them, and unlike in the streets, they stare at her as the soldier takes her down the corridor. His touch is warm on her upper arm as he stops in front of a set of doors. He pushes them open and gestures her through. She steps into the small atrium that comes before the chambers, and he follows her. Before her is a set of rooms. She can see to the left a room with a private bath, the sunken basin not filled with water but large in its size. There’s a sitting area directly in front of her, with couches and chairs and cushions and tables holding fruit of the mainland. She assumes that the Emperor sleeps somewhere, in one of the rooms she can’t see into due to the curtains covering the entrance. There are doors leading out what looks to be a private courtyard, and her heart drops when she sees that there are guards at each door, speaking casually in Latin and paying no mind to her or the gentle soldier. No escape, then. “He will be back soon,” the soldier tells her, as if it’s supposed to be reassuring. “He needs to speak to the men. He said to make yourself at home.” She frowns, turning to him. She can only recall the other soldier speaking to him, not the Emperor. But perhaps the soldier spoke for the Emperor. “Thank you,” she says, voice softer than she’d intended. “He’ll come out to help you,” the soldier explains, though his emphasis on the he’ll has her wondering to whom he’s referring, because he hadn’t referred to the Emperor like that. “Who?” Rey asks, turning to look at him, but the kind soldier’s already leaving, disappearing through the door they’d stepped through only moments before. She watches him go before turning back to the room. She steps down into the sitting area, reaching for a grape from the bowl. She plucks off the firm piece of fruit and slips it between her lips, biting down and humming at the sweet-tart juice that explodes on her tongue. She hadn’t eaten that morning; if he hadn’t taken her, she would’ve eaten after the stairs gleamed. She frowns, longing for the simple bread and fruit paste that she would’ve had. There’s the sound of a door opening and closing, and her eyes widen as she looks in the direction of the noise. It’s coming from one of the curtained rooms, and she stops, another grape halfway to her mouth. She straightens, keeping it clenched in her fist as she watches the thinly woven curtains sway in the soft breeze. A man’s voice reaches her ears from beyond the thin cloth. Deep and dulcet, low and almost too soft to hear. Latin, again. She watches as a dark shadow, tall and broad and armored, walks across the archway and out of sight. Another voice. Slightly rougher, slightly higher pitched but still very male. She can see the form of another man, shorter, as said man walks across the room in the same direction as the other, disappearing as well. Their voices are still soft, and she can hear the clanking of metal, the sound of a bottle as the cork is yanked from its confines. She waits, seeing soft shadows beyond the curtains. She can only assume that it’s the Emperor, and someone else. The voices escalate quickly, in the language she doesn’t know entirely. She can make out ‘fool’ and the name of her goddess in the foreign tongue, but that’s about it. The angry voice is the higher of the two, and she watches, hands clenching and fingernails digging into the meat of her palm. Her breath feels short as the man exclaims again, the deeper voice replying immediately after, short and curt. The other man argues back, and she can see through the curtain as the shorter man steps forward. She can just barely see his shadow through the fabric, but she can see when the taller man joins him. There are hands gesticulating, the shorter man’s head turning this way and that, and she startles as there’s a yell from him, quick but loud. Rey scrambles backwards at the sudden sound, heels knocking into a clay urn. She whirls, back to the archway just as the container topples over. The decorated red vessel falls and cracks into large pieces, and her hand flies to her mouth at both the loudness of her mistake and the mess she’d made. She stumbles backwards in an attempt to stop from making it worse, and nearly trips. In the panic that follows, she doesn’t notice the shorter man slipping between the curtains, doesn’t see him walk towards her as her bare foot slips on cool marble. It’s the hand on her elbow and the other on the small of her back that keep her from completely falling. “Easy,” a man says in Greek, voice soothing. “Easy, you’re all right.” She recognizes the shorter man’s voice from the next room over, and her head whips around as she tries to look over her shoulder at him. His touch is as gentle as the kind soldier’s, but any touch is unwelcome in this unwelcome place, and she whirls back again, nearly stepping into the broken shards of the clay urn. He grabs her wrist and tugs her into him, away from the mess. “Careful,” he warns, voice just a smidge harsher in warning. “Don’t hurt yourself.” Out of an instinct long buried beneath years of tending the temple, she lashes out. Her hand grabs at his wrist and she digs her nails in, and she stomps on his foot to hear him curse in her native tongue. His grip on her loosens and she nearly stumbles back again until he pulls her back again, brow furrowed. “I told you to be careful,” he growls, though it’s not unkind. It’s, again, in warning of her hurting herself. She’s still standing on his foot and she slides off, their legs almost entwined as he pulls her away from the destruction. “Who are you?” It comes out a lot harsher than she’d intended, and she almost regrets it before she remembers that she’s here not because of her own will, but because some soldier decided she’d make a pretty pet for the Emperor. She yanks herself back from the man, taking in the outfit he’s wearing. He’s the Emperor’s consort, she realizes, eyes widening. A chiseled face, youth still barely clinging to his cheeks but moreso clinging to his eyes, laughter showing in the lines around them. His hair’s dark and curled, the slightest hint of hair along his chin and jaw visible. He’s wearing a simple tunic, but she can tell that the fabric is finer and more expensive than anything she’s ever seen, let alone touched or worn. Her fingers itch to reach out to stroke, to feel, but she clenches them into fists by her side instead, heartbeat roaring in her ears. “You belong to him,” she blurts, answering her own question as he has yet to. “Yes,” he replies simply. “As he belongs to me.” His smile’s kinder than she would’ve expected from someone who now has to share his or her position – if he hasn’t had to share it already. “And as you belong to him, he belongs to you as well.” “It doesn’t work like that,” she hisses. “One of the soldiers took me, I gave myself to-“ “To save your people, he told me,” the man replies. “He also told me to clean you up, and take care of you for when he returns.” “When will that be?” The man shrugs. “I never know with him. He returns when he wishes and leaves when he wishes. It’s an annoyance, at times.” She stares at him, blinking in surprise at his tender tone. “… you speak of him lovingly.” It sounds almost accusatory as she narrows her eyes. “Of course,” the man replies simply. “I love him.” “Is that permitted?” she questions, frowning. “Of course it’s permitted,” he says with a snort that’s not unkind. The logic to her is still incredibly flawed, but she steps back as far as she can without cutting her bare feet on the broken urn behind her. She can see the carved figures, the glossed surface. “I-I’m sorry,” she mumbles, glancing down at the mess she’d made. “Can be bought again,” the man explains. He smiles at her, then, and it’s warmer than anything she’s ever known. Warmer than, perhaps, the sun that beat down on her shoulders as she washed the steps, as she walked into town for more oil and wicks, for more flowers from the market. She decides she likes his smile. She can’t decide whether she likes him quite yet. “I’m Poe,” he offers. “Rey,” she says softly. “It’s a pleasure,” he tells her, smile broadening into a grin. It’s not just his smile that’s warm. It’s his eyes, his touch, the way he holds her to him. She lets him step back, lets him take her hand even though she wants to wrench it away, unused to being touched kindly or otherwise. “Where are you from?” “Jakku,” she explains, though from his tone of voice she can tell that he already knows the answer. She wonders just how much the Emperor had told him about her. Surely there wasn’t much to tell, if he took information from his soldier; she was the attendant to the temple of Aphrodite on Jakku, that’s all there is to her. An orphan. A servant to the goddess and that was all. “You tended the old temple, is that right?” Poe asks, squeezing her hand in what she assumes is a gesture of comfort. “That’s right,” she replies. This is the longest she’s spoken to someone in years, most visitors to the temple paying more attention to their tributes to the goddess instead of the goddess’s attendant. It’s strange, though she’s incredibly grateful that he speaks her own language as well as Latin, as she’d heard. “Attendant to the goddess.” “Yes,” she replies. His grin broadens. “Funny.” “How so?” “Attendant to the goddess of love, and I’m fairly sure that the Emperor’s halfway in love with you already.” “Impossible,” she protests. “He thought your actions regarding your sacrifice for your people heroic,” he explains. “Something of the stories.” “I love my people,” Rey insists, brow furrowing as she looks up at the man. “It was an act in the name of the goddess.” “And he admires you for it.” She freezes as Poe squeezes her hand again. “Come. I have orders to clean you up.” “I did bathe yesterday,” she objects as he lets go of her small fingers. “Jakku is an island of dust and sand and salt water.” He reaches up and brushes his thumb along her cheek, still grinning. “Little dust rat. Let’s see how much we can get off, shall we?” Rey frowns, putting her fingers to her cheek as he turns and walks towards the room with the tub. She follows him, and stares as she realizes that the tub is already full. A quick glance around the room reveals a door she hadn’t been able to see when she walked into the main area, and she hesitates as he draws the curtains leading outside closed. They’re light enough that they dim the sun but still allow it to shine through and illuminate the room, and she watches as he starts to pull small bottles of what she assumes are oils. “We’ll have your clothing washed, if you’d like,” he offers, nodding to her long, plain tunic, the wraps she wears to keep her skin protected from the sun as she cleans the temple, and crude leather belt. “The Emperor can see me as I am,” she insists, voice snappish. “If he wants me, then he will see me as I was brought to him.” Poe stares at her from where he’s bent over, collecting jars of some sort and setting them along the edge of the sunken tub. “… if you’d like to meet the Emperor with dirty, dusty feet, go ahead.” He sounds amused, smirking a bit as he nods to her toes. She pulls the bottom of her peplos up slightly as her eyes dart down to her feet, noticing how black they are from being hauled through her town, onto the ship and through the streets and the palace. “I don’t mind. He shouldn’t either,” she mutters, brow furrowed as she looks back up towards the Emperor’s male consort. Poe shrugs. “Did you have a bathhouse on Jakku?” he questions. “I told you I did bathe,” she insists, scowling in his direction as he straightens and watches her. “All right,” he says, nodding towards the jars and strigil near his feet. “There is oil here. He asked me to help you, but if you’d rather a woman I can call for someone to assist you.” “I don’t want to bathe at all,” she mutters, wrapping her arms around herself for comfort as she focuses her gaze on his feet, avoiding his eyes. “I want to go back to Jakku.” The cruel reality of her situation comes crashing down on her, and she can feel the prick of tears behind her eyes as she bites her lip. When she feels the first hot tear on her cheek, she wipes it away harshly with her palm. Another comes just as quickly, and she wipes that one away too. Rey can hear him as he walks towards her, but she steps back from him, shaking her head. “Don’t touch me!” It comes out as a near shout, and though her vision’s blurred from her tears she can see him stop just a few steps from her. Good. Let him stay away. Let him stop. “I don’t-“ he starts, but she interrupts him directly after. “I want to go back,” she spits, glaring up at him. He’s quiet, and she watches as he sighs and rakes a hand through the dark curls on his head. He puts one hand on his hip, letting out a slow breath through his lips, cheeks puffing out just slightly as he looks at the ground. “… he’s made the decision,” Poe breathes. “I can … try to sway it, but I doubt that he will listen.” Fantastic. She reaches up to roughly rub the tears from her cheeks, sniffling and scowling at her own crying. This is her fate. This is the hand the gods have dealt her. She knows full well she would’ve died otherwise, and her people with her. She promised she would go with him, promise to give herself for her goddess. She made an oath, yes, and now she curses it. Though perhaps it can be broken -- “I can leave,” Poe offers, voice barely above a mutter. “If you would like. The bath will stay warm for a while.” She nods immediately, and is surprised to see that he nods and walks towards the door. He gets closer to her and she freezes, stiffening and avoiding his eyes, looking steadily at the painted wall ahead. She can feel his hand on her shoulder, large and warm against her skin, but she doesn’t dare look towards him as he gives her the slightest squeeze before leaving. She can hear the slap of his sandals as he makes his way back into the living area, and as soon as he’s gone she lets out a noise that’s not quite sob, not quite hiccup. She has no doubt that he heard it, but she doesn’t bother to cover her mouth to stifle the sound as she stands at the end of the tub. There are oils swirling in it, and she bites her lip, debating whether to step in or not. There’s dust and sand coating her skin, she can feel it on her upper arms and see it along the bottom of her tunic. Her feet are still black, and she finds herself walking towards the strigil and jars of oil. She grabs one of the smaller bottles, popping the seal and pouring a bit of oil out into her hand. Her nose immediately scrunches at the overwhelming perfume, but she rubs it with two fingers into her palm anyways, finding it better quality than the oil she used at the bathhouse on Jakku. That was old, somewhat dirty oil that had been deemed unsellable to traders. This is much finer, and much more perfumed, and she rubs it between her fingers before rubbing it on her skin. The dirt collects on her fingers, leaving marks across her palm. She pours more out, smearing it on the inside of her arm. She curses softly under her breath. It feels good, warm. Perhaps she should bathe, if the oil is becoming this dirty just from touching her skin. She unties the belt around her waist, setting it to the side before unpinning her peplos. The fabric falls to the floor, and she steps from it, reaching for the oil to smooth along her arms. There’s a basin to collect the dirt and oil from the strigil, but she takes the time to coat herself well. There are other stones there, too, sharp ones that she knows to drag along her arms and legs and the apex of her thighs. Pumice stones, too, to aid the path of the sharper stone. She bites her lip as she drags the strigil along her arm, watching as it leaves a pale stripe behind, the dust and sand having turned her skin a deeper brown. “There is food when you desire it.” Rey startles, the strigil falling from her slick fingers and hitting the marble floor with a harsh ‘crack’ as she stares with wide eyes at the doorway. Poe’s standing there, with a bowl of grapes and a loaf of bread with olive oil. Her stomach aches for something, and she waits half a heartbeat before nodding, resisting the urge to cover her body with her hands from the Emperor’s consort. She looks back to her bare legs, using the strigil to scrape the dust from them. Her skin’s slightly pink from the force, and she uses the pumice stone to scrub at her skin, trying to get the hair off. “Stop.” She does so, glancing up towards Poe. He’s closer than she’d realized, and she straightens up, still holding the stone. He takes it from her. “You’re too harsh,” he says. “You’ll hurt yourself.” “Does it matter?” she demands. “Yes. It burns, not pleasant,” he replies, nodding to the edge of the tub. “Sit.” “No.” “I can’t help you while you stand,” he says, tugging at his tunic. She averts her eyes as he lifts it over his head, hearing as the fabric falls, and then he’s stepping into the water. She catches a glimpse of sun-bronzed skin, and wonders why the Emperor allows him to be so brown. Normally the elite keep inside, to avoid the work, but Poe is tan and freckled on his shoulders. She watches the swirls of oil as he walks through, standing near the edge nearest to her. “Sit. Bring the jars with you.” She follows his orders, grabbing the jars and settling at the edge of the tub. She dips her legs in the water and gasps at its warmth. On Jakku, if they wanted warm water, they’d bathe in the sea when the sun was highest. There were no hot springs, no hypocausts in the bathhouse because it was difficult to maintain and keep warm and no one in particular wanted to do that job when there were more profitable ones involving the little trade the island received. She kicks her legs slowly in the water, and watches him as he fetches the oil from one of the bottles. He tips it over into his hand and reaches for her ankle with the other. She moves away immediately, glaring at him. “I’m not going to hurt you,” he insists. “Neither of us are.” “You don’t know that,” she protests. “You don’t know if he is.” “I know for a fact that he won’t.” He says it gently as he takes her ankle. This time, she lets him. He smooths the oil on her skin before rubbing the pumice stone along her shins in circles. She can feel the little pricks as it takes the hair away, but bites her lip and says nothing as he moves along her skin. He’s gentler than she was, and though her flesh is pink, it’s more from the heat of the water than anything. He follows with the sharper stone, all the way up to her inner thigh. She lets him, his hands kinder to her skin than hers had been. The oil’s been scented with juniper, and it reminds her of the whiffs she’d get the few times she went into the port market, the scent fresh. “You are scared,” he observes, and she looks down at the sudden realization that she is clinging to the side of the bath for dear life, the lip of it cutting into her palms and her knuckles white. “Yes,” she admits. “Don’t be,” he mumbles. “He is not unkind.” “I will be the judge of the character who took me from my home,” she insists. “Do not judge him too harshly,” Poe replies, warm brown eyes meeting hers. She can hear the soft sound of the water as he reaches up to rinse the bits of pumice from her skin, fingers trailing along the bone of her shin and moving up to the softness behind her knee before moving back down to rub at the grime that still clings to the skin of her feet. “I will judge him as I see fit.” He sighs, but nods. “So be it.” He offers his hands to her so that she can slip into the water, and she goes willingly. The heat of the water is unlike anything she’s known, and she gasps softly, hearing his laughter. “Did you not have hot water?” Poe questions, chuckle still in his voice. “No,” she replies simply, rubbing her hand up and down her arm as she stands before him. “No one wanted to do the job.” He hums, and she looks at him as he steps to the side, water sloshing as he moves slightly away from her to give her space. She’s grateful for it, biting her lip as he settles on the sunken step below the water built for sitting purposes. A thought strikes her suddenly, and she looks up towards the man sitting across from her. He’s watching her, curious as she crosses her arms over her chest to cover where the water isn’t quite as high as she wishes it was. “… Does he have any others?” Rey asks. “Others?” Poe replies, frowning at her. “… consorts,” she says, unsure of what the term was for someone who slept with and truly loved the Emperor. To sleep with, she knows that word. To love, she knows that as well. But to do both, while still lacking a position of authority and respect? She has no idea. “Just me,” Poe explains. “And now you.” Two. He has two, including her. Her and Poe. That’s … better than she was expecting, honestly. She wasn’t quite sure , not with the suddenness of her capture. She settles on the bench carved into the side of the tub, bending to sit and sighing as the warm water comes just above her breasts. “Did you expect him to have more?” “I don’t know what to expect,” she admits quietly. “I don’t know anything at all. I don’t know his face.” “You’ll see it soon enough,” he says, and it’s meant to be reassuring, but instead it makes her stomach feel even heavier. She hunches, and looks up when she hears splashing. She watches as he exits the tub. This time she doesn’t avert her eyes, biting her lip as she sees his bare back. He’s stripped of hair as well, or at least as much as he can be without pain, and she watches as he pulls his tunic back on, the fabric clinging to his wet skin before he steps towards the door. “Stay as long as you’d like,” he says. “I was told clothes will be brought.” “Thank you.” She means it, settling back into the water and leaning against the stone as he nods and leaves. When he’s gone, she closes her eyes, sighing a bit as the heat of the water sinks into her bones. Warm. Everything’s warm here. Jakku had been hot, often uncomfortably so. More often than not she’d return into the temple and find her skin prickling and stinging from the sun, browning soon after. Here is better, softer. The water around her is warm instead of scalding, as is the oil she’d dipped her fingers in earlier. And Poe. Poe is warm, in his words and his kindness towards her – a stranger about to share his bed. The idea makes her chest clench painfully, and she winces, trying to brush the thought aside as quickly as it had come. She keeps her eyes closed as she ducks beneath the water, running her fingers through her hair to rinse it of dust and grime. She pushes it back from her face and sits up, gasping and wiping water from her eyes and face before reaching for one of the jars of perfumed oil. With her fingers, she combs it through ends of her hair. She can smell juniper and hums, rubbing the rest into her hands before looking towards the bowl of grapes he’d brought in. Rey grabs one and slips it between her lips, humming again in soft pleasure at the taste of the fresh fruit. She has a few more, leaning on the side of the tub and filling her practically empty stomach as she waits for Poe to return. She’s eaten most of the grapes and half of the bread before he returns, white fabric in his arms. She watches, legs kicking lazily in the water as he walks by her, setting the fabric on a bench before turning to her, holding a thicker-woven blanket out. She notices he’s now dressed in a white tunic with gold hem, the other having been undecorated and soaked besides. “Do you wish to stay in there longer?” he asks, raising a dark brow at her. No, she supposes not. Her fingers are already wrinkled, and she shakes her head as she stands, water sluicing from her oiled skin as she steps from the tub. She takes the offered blanket and wraps it around herself as he presents the tunic to her. It’s finer than anything she’s worn, by far. She had her fine peplos for the festivals that were thrown in honor of the goddess, and for special days aside, but it wasn’t so fine as this. This is something else, something made of some fabric from somewhere she doesn’t know. She reaches damp fingers out to touch it, rubbing the thin fabric between her fingers. She can just see the silhouette of her hand behind it, and looks towards him. “Mine is made of the same,” Poe explains. She nods, and looks for a breast band. “Where-“ she starts, looking towards her chest pointedly, but he shakes his head. “I can ask for one if you wish, but he gave me orders not to have you wear one when he sees you.” “What else did he order?” she asks as he hands her the fabric. He doesn’t answer her question. She holds it to her chest as he grabs two pearled pins from the bench, and allows him to pin it for her. The cord he wraps around her waist is the same color of the fabric, and she lets him tie it around her to keep the fabric closed at her side. The fabric’s cool, and she bites her lip as it brushes against her nipples, the sensation strange but not unpleasant as she reaches up to adjust one of the pinned shoulders properly. “Thank you,” she mutters. “What for?” he asks, reaching for a comb to run through her wet hair. He walks around behind her, hand touching her waist gently. “For being kind,” she says, practically whispering as she feels the gentle tug of the comb against her scalp. “You will have to share the one you love. I apologize.” “There is no need for an apology,” he says, and she’s grateful for the fact that he’s behind her so he can’t see the sudden flush of her cheeks and her teeth worrying at her lower lip. “You know nothing of me, why are you being kind?” There’s silence for a moment, and his hands still before there’s a soft sigh. “I feel sorry,” he says, finally, and she stiffens. “Am I angry? Yes. With him. I do not wish this on you. But he is intent on keeping you, and the least I can do is help you. I remember coming here. There was no one for me. I wish there had been.” His hands find her shoulders, and she tenses, closing her eyes as he rubs soothing circles into her skin with his thumbs. “You still do not know me.” “No, but I wish to,” he replies. “I like what I’ve seen already.” She turns to look towards him, cheeks flaming in response to his statement as his hands slip from her shoulders. He bends and grabs the half-eaten bread and grapes, looking towards her. “He will be returning shortly. He needed to speak to the soldiers.” “The guard said the same thing,” she replies, following him into the sitting area. He sets the food down on a table, and she sits herself on the couch next to it, taking another grape. “Finn,” Poe says. “His name is Finn.” “Finn,” she repeats. “And the Emperor? How is he called?” “Ren,” Poe replies. “Just Ren.” Chapter 2 : II. Notes: NOTE: Historical inaccuracies will occur in this story so that I could tell the tale that I wished to tell. While I did my best to research and make everything as accurate as I possibly could, there will be differences. It had been morning when she was taken. With the ship’s return to the shore, and the time she’s spent with Poe in nervous silence, the sun’s just starting to set by the time the Emperor steps through the door. She can hear the slap of his sandals, the slight metallic ‘chink’ of his armor as he steps forward. She’s facing Poe, her back to the door, so she only sees Poe’s reaction to the man entering the room. The Emperor’s consort looks up, and she can see how his shoulders lose some of their tension, how his smile comes easy. He’s rising a moment later, crossing to the Emperor. He passes her, and she refuses to turn around even as she hears the soft muttering of Latin and the tell-tale sound of lips meeting lips. Silence falls after, and she closes her eyes, waiting. “Rey.” Poe’s voice is slightly stern, and she turns to see him standing next to the Emperor, close to his side. She stills, eyes darting to the common soldier’s armor the man is wearing. He’s big, and broad, skin pale. His arms and thighs are thicker than her head, she thinks, biting her lip as she stands, hands clenched by her sides. He’s handsome. It makes the situation better and entirely worse at the same time as her gaze roams over his cheekbones, his nose and his full lips - … No. No, that can’t be right. He’s not - … Her nails dig into her palm. She glares at him, watching as Poe glances to the Emperor. “Rey,” the Emperor greets, testing her name on his tongue. His voice is a low timber, and her heart skips a beat in recognition. “You-!” she starts, the word nearly lost in the hollow of her throat. At the temple, amidst the soldiers and the chaos, she hadn’t suspected, couldn't have with everything around her. She should’ve made the connection earlier, she knows. She should’ve known that the man who ripped her from her temple was the Emperor himself, despite the lies he’d fed her. She should’ve expected no less. Rey watches him as he gives her the slightest nod, the tiniest inclination of his head in confirmation of what she already knows. His full lips are slightly quirked, smirk small but there all the same. “It was you!” she snarls. She remembers his hand around her arm, the sword against her throat, his harsh voice by her ear, and rage boils hot and sudden in her veins. Within seconds she’s striding forward, reaching for him as Poe lunges towards her, already knowing what she’s doing. Her hand connects with the Emperor’s cheek anyway, her palm stinging as she watches the pale skin redden from the contact. The Emperor does nothing, his head snapping to the side from the force of her hit. He flinches, but doesn’t speak, doesn’t even reach for her as she goes to strike again. Poe’s hand is wrapped around her wrist within moments, and then she’s being pulled back against his chest. She can feel the heat of his skin against her back, his breath hot against her ear. “Don’t-“ he starts, low and gruff. “Let her.” There’s that voice again, and she glares, struggling against Poe’s grip as the Emperor narrows his eyes and … smiles, ever so slightly. “She fights. She fought me on Jakku, as well.” “Take me back!” The volume of her voice shocks even her, and she can feel Poe still at her back. She can hear the shifting of the four guards stationed at the doors, their armor clinking as they reach for their weapons. She launches forward towards the Emperor, fighting against Poe’s grip. “I want to go back!” “Rey, stop,” Poe says warningly, his hands tightening to the point of pain. She’s reminded of the other man’s grip, the hands of the Emperor who so harshly wrenched her from her home and her goddess, and everything she’s ever known, and struggles against him further, trying to break free to run. “Let her go.” “Ren-“ Poe replies, looking towards his husband in confusion. “Let her go.” It’s said once more, firmer this time, and Poe releases her immediately. All resistance gone, she falls forward a bit, stumbling before standing and finding herself closer to the Emperor than before. His smile is gone, eyes dark as she steps back to find Poe behind her. She can feel the heat of his chest against her back once more, his hands settling on her hips to steady her. He’s not holding her back, no, not anymore. He’s merely touching her to comfort her. She wants to step away, wants no comfort now, but her other option is to step towards the Emperor. “She’ll sleep in here,” the Emperor explains. “I expect you to join me shortly.” It’s an order, nearly harsh despite the man’s dulcet voice. “When I’ve finished with her,” Poe replies, equally as harsh, and Rey turns in surprise towards the man holding her. His gaze is narrowed towards his lover, and her heart stills in her chest. “Then I will join you.” “So be it.” The Emperor passes them, and she catches the tinny smell of blood and the musk of sweat as he goes. As soon as the sound of his sandals on the marble floors fade, she’s wrenching herself away from Poe and turning to glare at him. “I want-“ she starts, but he holds his hand up to stop her. “You want to return to your home, I know,” he says. “You need to get back to Jakku. I told you I would try.” She watches him as he runs his fingers through his hair, shaking his head a bit and casting a glance towards the bedroom before looking towards her again. His smile’s soft and sad and lopsided. “Finn is outside,” he explains. “He will help you if you need anything. If you wish for me, I will be beside him.” He jerks his head towards the bedroom entryway. “… thank you.” She says it softly, voice on the verge of breaking. She doesn’t will it to, doesn’t want to feel the sting of tears again, doesn’t want to feel her heart in her throat. But she stands tall and nods as Poe brushes the back of her hand with his fingertips before retreating into the bedroom, curtains falling closed behind him. The couch she choses for her bed is softer than her small nest of blankets in the temple, but she longs for the rough wool blankets and the cool of the marble against her back as she sits and brings her knees to her chest. - “You’re a fool.” Ren looks up from where he’s unstrapping the side of his armor, his consort and husband entering like a whirlwind into the bedroom. Poe’s glaring, fists clenched as he stalks up to the Emperor. “Am I?” Ren asks as Poe huffs and reaches up to undo the difficult clasps at the taller man’s shoulders. “Yes,” Poe hisses. “And I don’t suppose any amount of pleading or my lips on your cock will get you to turn right back around and return her.” Ren can feel him tugging harshly at the leather, anger manifesting itself in his words and his fingers. “She gave herself for her people. She swore it to the goddess,” Ren mumbles, watching as Poe finishes with the clasps on one side before reaching for the other side. The shorter man’s brow is furrowed, mouth downturned as he yanks on the leather. “The island is worth nothing. It doesn’t contribute to the Empire, and what trade it does wouldn’t assist anyway. She would’ve gone up in flames with it.” “Don’t tell me that you would’ve done that,” Poe snarls. “You wouldn’t.” “Its population is pitiful.” “That does not give you the right!” The chest plate falls to the floor with a loud clatter, and Ren watches as Poe picks it up to put it in the wooden chest with the rest of his armor. He waits as Poe throws it in before watching as his spouse walks back, Poe’s arms crossed over his chest. “You can tell me that you would’ve killed everyone on that island. You can tell me that you would’ve slaughtered them if she hadn’t given herself. You can tell me that you would’ve left her to die with them, and I will call you a liar.” Ren watches as his lover glares, and stares as Poe seemingly deflates, sighing and running his hand down his face before moving it up into his hair. “You come in and tell me that you have brought a girl – she is a girl, Ren! She is young! You come back from a seemingly routine trip to the islands and return with a girl you forcefully took from her home, and tell me that she is to lie with us.” His gaze isn’t quite a glare anymore, but it’s certainly hard. “You can’t tell me you expected me to be pleased about this. You can’t tell me that you possibly thought I would be happy about sharing you. If you thought that you were in the right, you are wrong. She doesn’t want to be here, I don’t want her to be here if only for her sake.” The man’s right. Ren watches as Poe walks back to grab a small vial of oil to ease the straps around his calves, tighter because of the nature of their location. The man’s right; he should’ve consulted with him, should’ve given him warning. But he can’t regret bringing her, not when the town had looked like what it had. “What do you think of her?” he asks, watching as Poe bends to help him with the straps around his calves. His lover snorts, shaking his head. “I think she is beautiful.” “And what else?” Ren demands. “You’ve spent more time with her than I have.” “And whose fault is that?” Poe snaps, before he glances up towards the Emperor, brow no longer furrowed but frown remaining. The consort gives a sigh as he slathers oil on the leather knots to aid their release. “I think she has wit, and strength, and fire. For an attendant of Aphrodite, she fights like her goddess’s lover.” Poe’s laughter is soft, and without humor, and Ren feels one knot slip loose. “And what do you think of me for nearly loving her already?” he asks. “She is beautiful, yes. And her actions for her people are admirable.” He smirks, recalling the sting of her hand against his cheek. “And she is a fighter. She will do well to train with Finn.” “I think you a fool,” Poe nearly snarls. “But if I think that, then I am a fool as well. Her goddess works in strange ways, as always.” He pulls the brace off and shifts it into his hands, standing and walking towards the chest and dropping it in. “You won’t be returning her?” “There is nothing there for her but the temple.” “She wishes to go back.” “There is nothing for her there,” Ren repeats, recalling the sands and dirt and drunkards on the streets. The families there were few, most of the population made up of grimy traders pinching coins. Aside from the temple and its attendant, there’s nothing of beauty on the little island. He honestly wonders why she hadn’t left for a better temple, a better life. “We can offer her more.” “I know that well,” Poe mutters as Ren bends. The leather straps are tight, the oil that had been on them absorbed by the dust on the material. He grunts as he tries to unbuckle them. “Let me.” Ren relents and straightens, watching as Poe kneels and undoes the straps. “Do you think me cruel?” “I think you an idiot in this moment, your faults worthy of the gods themselves,” Poe mutters, standing once he pulls the other brace away. “But no, you are not cruel.” “She thinks me cruel.” “Ren, you took her from her home and forced her into a new livelihood,” Poe explains. “She thinks you a monster.” “Is she right?” Poe’s quiet for a moment, setting the brace in the chest before looking up towards his lover. Ren can see the firelight flicker across his consort’s face, noting the sharp shadows and features of the man he’s taken as his companion. He watches as Poe sighs, standing. “No. I don’t think so. But you are impulsive, and selfish, and indulgent in your own desires,” Poe explains, running a hand through his dark curls. “If you wish for her to become your concubine, so be it. I have no protests. But don’t expect her to share our bed immediately, else I fear we’ll wake up with our skin scratched and our eyes clawed out and her on a boat back to her island.” Ren snorts, and bends to kiss Poe. He’s surprised he’s even allowed to, surprised even further when Poe kisses him back willingly, hand moving up and into the emperor’s hair. Ren hums against his husband’s mouth, hand moving to Poe’s lower back. “Will you take care of her?” he mutters. “I will try,” Poe mumbles back. “I make no promises that she won’t escape and be on a boat back to the island in the morn.” “That is all I ask.” - The palace sounds different. On Jakku, there was the sea breeze, and the sounds of the town below her. Here, everything is so much louder. Rey can hear the rustling of the trees just outside the doors to the garden, the soft swish of the curtains leading into the Emperor’s and Poe’s bedroom. It’s grating to her ears, and she hates it. It’s cooler here, too. She doesn’t have her little nest of wool and stolen sheets, doesn’t have her makeshift bed in the alcove of the temple or the fire basin beside it to keep her warm. The moon is high in the sky, casting everything in a glow of silver as she listens for the rustling of the guards. She’d heard footsteps leave, had heard the changing of the shifts as the sun set. Now she bides her time, sitting on the couch with a blanket wrapped around her shoulders as she waits for darkness to fall entirely. She hears nothing, no breathing nor shuffling of sandaled feet as she stands, setting the blanket on the couch as she steps towards the doors to the gardens. Casual observing earlier that day had revealed that it wasn’t a private courtyard, that it led to the orchards and from there down to the shore. It’s far from the port, yes, but perhaps – Perhaps it’s worth a try. A quick peek out the garden proves that there are no guards nearby. For all the guards who were there that morning, she frowns at the lack of their presence. But, alas, the only shifting she sees is the leaves in the trees. She hears no breathing but her own, and nothing moves as she takes a step from the marble-floored sitting area out onto the path. And then she’s running. Rey can hear the harsh slap of her bare feet on the marble before she reaches cool grass, holding the long tunic in her hands to keep from tripping as she tries to go down the hill towards the orchards. It’s not long before she hears the shouting, the footsteps. She doesn’t dare look back until she hears someone right behind her, and when she does she barely sees the man in the darkness until he wraps his arm around her waist and tugs her back against a firm chest. Immediately she kicks back, catching the man’s calf, and she hears his grunt as he lets her go. Her first step into trying to run again has her tunic tangled around her legs, and she falls to the grass below. She can feel her ankle twist on the way down and cries out before there are hands reaching for her, and she scrambles back as best as she can, kicking towards him. She can see the guard, now. Can see the face of the kind soldier who’d brought her to the Emperor’s rooms in the first place. Finn, Poe had said. His name is Finn. “Stop,” he says, in her language, and his voice is so soft and sweet that she does, tangled in her long tunic with her hands scratched and dirty from trying to scramble away from him. Her breathing is harsh, chest aching. She’s expecting to be yanked up and pulled back, like the Emperor had done in the temple after she’d fallen then, but she can feel a warm hand on her back and an arm beneath her knees as she’s lifted up. Her ankle twinges, like it had when she was little and took the steps down the temple too fast. Finn is warm, his chest lacking the plate it had when she met him the first time, and he says nothing as he carries her back up the short distance she’d run. She can see that the light of the Emperor’s rooms are lit, now, warm and inviting despite the dread she feels as she’s carried back, worn out with her heart racing and tears starting to smart behind her eyes. Her chance to escape and she had ruined it with a clumsy step. Another guard, his skin light and dark hair cropped short, approaches them. Finn cuts him off with a gentle word, some phrase Rey doesn’t know, but she likes the sound of his voice much better than the Emperor’s. There’s a figure standing in the doorway she’d taken flight from, and as they get closer she can see that it’s Poe, his arms crossed over his chest and hair bed-tousled. He’s wearing a rumpled tunic, probably hastily thrown on after he was alerted. “What happened?” he asks. Rey winces. He sounds … hurt, almost, his voice gruff from sleep and eyes tired. He holds his arms out, and Rey knows she’s about to be transferred. She takes advantage of the change and, when no one’s arms are particularly tight around her, she jumps. The movement ends in agony, her ankle giving out once more, and she falls hard to the marble patio. There are immediately arms around her again – Poe’s, she thinks, as she tries to dig her nails in and get him to release her. “Let me go!” She’s surprised at how the words sound coming from her mouth, a growl, nearly animalistic. They have no effect as she’s scooped up and lifted towards Poe’s chest. The Emperor’s consort nods to Finn, giving a soft word of thanks before she’s being carried back into the sitting room. Her heart aches as she looks up at him, his gaze on the couch. “You promised!” It’s hissed. “You said you would help me get back to the island, you said-“ “I said I would try to sway his decision, not that I would help you escape.” The words are hissed right back as he sets her on the couch. She stares as he glares at her, gaze hard and angry before he seemingly crumbles, expression turning into one of exasperation as he runs his hand down his face. “You’re lucky it was Finn. The other guards would not have been as kind.” “If Finn was kind he would have let me go!” she snaps as she adjusts herself, pulling her ankle up to inspect it. Already she can see that it’s swollen, the low light not helping her sight as she prods at it and hisses. “Yes, he would have let you hobble to the docks on a wounded ankle to return to your island and limp the rest of your days,” Poe mutters, tone sarcastic. “I don’t care, I-“ “Rey.” Her name is barely a breath, and she looks up towards the Emperor’s consort to see that his face is in his hands, concealed from her. There’s a heavy sigh, and then one of his hands slides up into his hair as the other falls to his side. He looks … pained. Resigned, almost, and exhausted as she curls up, arms wrapped around her knees. “If you wish to go, wait ‘til morn where we can actually see and retrieve supplies and hire a ship. There’s nothing we can do at this hour, no ship will want to take you, no captain will be awake. If you wish to go in the morn, then I will take you down to the docks. Ren will be gone to the other islands, I will take care of him when he returns. Is that understood?” Is that understood? She stares at him for a moment longer. Wait ‘til morn. Retrieve supplies. Hire a ship. Take you down to the docks. The words echo in her head as she stares at the Emperor’s consort, blinking in shock before she nods wordlessly, her chest feeling like it’s about to cave in on itself. “All right. Good.” There’s another sigh, tired and sad, and she watches as he closes the curtains to the garden, shielding her view of the moon and land beyond. “I will treat your ankle in the morning.” “Thank you.” It’s almost an afterthought as she watches him walk back towards the bedroom. Beyond the soft light through the thinly woven curtains, she can see a taller figure, broader and waiting for Poe to return to bed. She averts her eyes, closing them after a moment as she tips to lie down, careful of her twisted ankle. The blanket she’d been given is thin, but it’s something, and she pulls it over her shoulders as she curls up and watches the sliver of moonlight cross the floor, the fire having been extinguished. She’s almost asleep when there’s the soft sound of sandals on stone, and her eyes snap open to see the silhouette of one of the guards as he steps towards her. She frowns, trying to focus her gaze in the low light as he continues towards her. The closer he comes, the clearer he is, and she looks up into Finn’s face as he holds out another, thicker blanket to her. “Finn,” she breathes in greeting, reaching up to take the blanket from him. “… thank you.” “You’re welcome.” His voice is deep and slightly accented, just as soft as it had been when he picked her up in the orchards. She wonders briefly where he’s from, and pulls the blanket around her shoulders. He leaves with a soft smile, and a bow of his head as she curls back up, warmer now thanks to the wool over her shoulders. The tears come slowly. She doesn’t feel the prick of them, the sting of the salt; she just feels them as they slide down her nose and her cheeks to the fine fabric of the couch. - Morning is quick to come. Her exhaustion of the previous day brings her to waking up mid-morning, the sun already having risen and streams of sunlight pouring into the living area. She blinks, wincing at the brightness of it as she pulls the blankets closer around her, sighing at the softness of them. Realization bleeds into her mind like ink into water, quick to spread. She blinks, and stares across the room towards the doors to the gardens as she hears low voices speaking in Latin. It takes her a moment to realize one is the Emperor’s, and the other is Poe’s. She can’t decipher what they’re saying, her knowledge of the language too weak and the voices too soft besides, but she hears the door open and close shortly after. A peek over the head of the couch shows Poe, already dressed in a tunic of yellow. Rey stares. The yellow of the tunics she’d seen merchants wear was never this vibrant. Poe looks like Apollo himself, radiating the sun’s rays off of golden skin as he takes notice of her and walks down towards her. He looks tired. There are dark circles under his eyes, and his smile is weary as he sits on the edge of the couch. She scoots away slightly, hissing as her ankle moves the wrong way and pain flares up her calve. “Elevate it,” Poe says softly, and she stills as he grabs a cushion, taking her ankle and lifting it as gently as he can. She watches as he puts the cushion on his own lap, and sets her foot on top of it. It still hurts, but the feeling of his warm hand on her skin as he feels for the swelling is a comfort, and she relaxes a bit as he rests his hand on her ankle. “Not broken, I don’t think,” the consort says softly. “You just need rest.” Rest. She doesn’t want to rest. She sits up, bracing herself on her elbows as she watches him. “Is he gone?” It’s a demand. “He has only just left, his ship will be departing as soon as he reaches the shore. Once I see it in the distance, then we will see about putting you on another to take you home. For now, you need rest.” His hand rests on her ankle again, holding and pressing and his thumb rubbing soft circles into the swollen muscle. She watches him and pulls the blankets up and over her shoulders. She can’t remember being touched like this. The small, fleeting memories she has of anyone she could call her family are of a woman’s voice, fingers through her hair, and the sand between her bare toes. She has no recollection of being treated like this, like someone to care for, someone precious. Rey bites her lip and silently relishes in the touch. The temple didn’t have moments like this. She was the sole occupant. There were few traders she admired, few visitors who cared to stay longer than a few moments before going on their way. Certainly no one so handsome as Poe, or so attentive to her. Most of the time she went unnoticed, uncared about. Now? He’s treating her like she matters, when she knows full well what he’s just given up for her. “What would I be? To him?” she asks, quietly. “If I were to stay?” It’s a question, that’s all it is. “A concubine,” Poe explains in Greek, and then he says it in Latin. The word is familiar to her. “And you are?” Rey asks, frowning. “His husband, though not legally recognized,” Poe says simply, his eyes still on her ankle as he massages the stressed tendons. “His consort. However you chose to phrase it.” “So I would be second.” “I wouldn’t think of it like that,” Poe replies. “He would not treat you as such.” “You say that like I have not been treated poorly by him so far.” The man is quiet for a moment, and she watches his thumb make circles on her skin. It’s soothing, and she’s still sleepy. Sleepy, and hungry, but she scoots down to rest her head on the cushions below, bending her knees so she doesn’t displace her ankle from his lap. He notices, looking towards her with a soft smile. “Sleep, little one.” The term’s affectionate, and his voice warms her as she curls into the blanket, careful not to move her ankle. “I’ll wake you when he is gone.” She’s not entirely sure if she replies with a hum or a word, but she closes her eyes to the feeling of his hand on her skin and the sound of the wind outside. - There are fingers in her hair. Bigger than she remembers, but no less gentle. She blinks awake to the afternoon sun, and the sight of Poe above her, gently stroking her hair to wake her. His smile is weak. “He is gone.” He is gone. She can leave. Rey sits up. “Are we to leave?” “As soon as you are ready.” “I’m ready.” It’s said too soon. She swings her legs over the side of the couch and stands, and then gasps in pain as her ankle gives out beneath her. There are hands clutching her shoulders in moments, and she’s guided to fall into a hard chest as she curses under her breath. She can feel Poe chuckle at her words, and then she’s being lifted, his arm beneath her knees and the other behind her back. “I don’t believe you’re ready,” he teases. “If you wait for another day, then perhaps you will be able to walk back up to your temple without assistance.” Wait for another day, she thinks. Wait for another day in his care, wait for another day in this warm palace with its sweet grapes and kind guards and kinder consorts. Or return to the temple, where she is meant to be. “I need to go back to Jakku.” It sounds weak even to her. “So be it. But you need to eat, first.” Poe’s voice has an edge to it, something not quite sharp, but almost disappointed, and she closes her eyes as she’s carried to another couch, set down ever so gently, and guided to rest her ankle on a cushioned ottoman. By the time she opens her eyes, Poe’s carrying over a spread of food, bread and oil and fruit and dried meat and it’s more than anything she’s ever had in her life. All of this is more than she’s had in her entire life. The sob that spills forth is nearly angry in its intensity, and her hand flies to her mouth to cover the next one. She can’t discern whether it’s better or worse that Poe immediately kneels beside her, taking her other hand and whispering words she can’t hear over the rush of her heartbeat in her ears, but are comforting in their gentleness, in the warmth of his voice. She needs to go back to Jakku. There is a statue to tend to, a temple to take care of, a goddess to attend to. A goddess she had promised she would give herself to her people for. I swear on my goddess, Aphrodite, to give myself for my people. She would be breaking an oath if she were to return. And there is no telling what the Emperor will do if he were to find her missing. He would know exactly where she went, exactly where to find her once more. And he would be crueler, she thinks, this time. There is nothing but the temple for her there, no one who has shown her as much care in over a decade than the man who’s now kneeling before her, face twisted in confusion as he tries to figure out why she is crying. Even Finn has been kinder to her than anyone on the island has. “Don’t cry, don’t cry, sweet girl, don’t cry…” Poe’s words sound as if he is underwater, and she stares at him as he shows her more kindness in a little more than a day than she has ever had, and then she’s nodding, trying to wipe away her tears with the palm of her hand. For all of her time at the temple, Poe has offered her more warmth and promise than a statue of stone ever has. “I wish to stay.” It comes out in a rush, and Poe stares at her, warm eyes wide. “There is nothing for me there." Her heart stutters. To think it is one thing, to say it aloud is another. It's clearer, now that it's out of her mouth, that it is the truth. She has no family, no ties aside from the temple, and she gave that up when she made the oath. There is nothing there for her now. And here, here is Poe. There is warmth and better food and better clothes and a man who has done more for her than anyone on the island has ever done. "I wish to stay," she repeats, stronger than before. Poe stares for another heartbeat before he’s smiling, soft and sweet and her heart lifts ever so slightly at the sight of it. “All right,” he says with a simple nod, standing and pouring wine into a cup for her. “Then you will stay.” - Five days. Five days she’s been here, and she’s seen the Emperor exactly twice since their first interaction. He’s a terrifying being. He walks like how she expects mountains to walk, steps heavy and shoulders squared, gait the slightest bit uneven. Or maybe Zeus, or Poseidon. Someone unsteady and powerful beyond words. His shoulders are seemingly broader than two of her, hands big enough to cover her entire face if he should try. His eyes are dark and hard, voice low and harsh whenever he speaks. She hates it, hates when she hears his voice echo through the marble hallways. It makes her wince every time she hears it, anger pulsing quick and hot through her veins until Poe emerges with something for her. He always has something for her, be it a new wrap for her ankle or a treat from the kitchens or a flower from the gardens. He is near always there, and always caring. She has bruises, from her fall against the temple floor when he’s taken her. Poe notices the dark mark around her hip when she bathes, and offers her some salve for it, some combination of herbs and oils that smells potent but eases the ache. He’s kinder than anyone she’s ever known, and with each hour that passes in his company she’s convinced that he is not human. He can’t be, he is too brilliant, his smile too warm and touch too gentle. He lacks the severity and cruelty of mankind as he offers everything to her, the girl who entered his life in a moment and is eventually supposed to share his bed. She confronts him, on the eve of the fifth day, as she reclines on a couch and he sits in a chair, plucking at a lyre whose strings desperately need to be tightened by someone more skilled than himself. She winces as he plucks at another one of the strings, the sound discordant and strange to her ears. There was no music on Jakku, or at least not often. Any tune that was played never stuck in her mind, no matter how desperately she tried to cling to it. “You should hate me,” she declares, raising her voice so he can hear her over the sound of his plucking. “And why is that?” he asks, never lifting his gaze from his instrument as he tries to adjust the string again. “You know the reason,” she replies, not wanting to admit her position so freely. “But I don’t,” he states, lifting the instrument up in the low light in an attempt to see the knot of the string clearly. “I like you.” “Why?” “You have fire.” He finally looks at her, smile slight. “You love like flames, all consuming and raging and sudden in its brightness. I admire it.” “How does he love?” she asks, pulling her legs up and wrapping her arms around them as she watches him set the lyre aside. She is still careful of her ankle, though she can put weight on it and it is hurting less now. “Like the sea,” he replies. “Powerful and relentless one night, easy and gentle the next.” “Unpredictable,” Rey mutters. “He is unpredictable, as the sea is.” “Fire is unpredictable as well,” Poe observes. “You never know when it will spit. Or slap, in your case.” She smirks, eyes moving down towards where the light of the flames is dancing across the marble floors. “He will be gentle,” he tells her, finishing tightening the string. He hits it again, and it’s prettier this time; a small, light note she hums after he plays it. “I promise. He is not unkind.” “His actions say otherwise.” “Give him time.” - The moon’s risen and fallen twelve times since she was brought to the palace. It’s a vast, lively place, and she’s grateful that the Emperor gave Poe instructions to allow her to walk as she pleases with supervision. Finn’s a friendly companion, and she finds herself enjoying the company of the soldier-turned-palace guard after his injury in battle. His Latin is far better than hers, and he acts as both guide and translator for much of her time. Her ankle has healed almost fully, and she can walk the grounds for hours now with him at her side. The gardens are greener and lusher than anything on Jakku. Not much grew on the island, food and flowers having been brought in from the mainland. There are apple trees in the nearby orchard that she’d tried to run through her first night, and she practices skills buried from her youth, climbing the limbs to retrieve the fruit. Poe notices when her clothing comes back dirtier, sometimes ripped and sometimes with bark clinging to the threads, but he just shakes his head and inspects her for injuries with a smirk and a few muttered words beneath his breath. The first time she returns with flowers, she comes with armful of crocuses and spends the rest of the afternoon on the floor, her back braced against a chair and legs crossed in front of her as she strokes the soft petals. Poe finds her hours later, petals limp from her fingertips and the oil on her skin. His smile’s soft as he walks past her, setting a plate of fruit and bread beside her before retreating into the bedchambers. On the twelfth day, she spends it much the same. She bites into an apple as she walks along the small creek along the back of the palace, the water an offspurt from the public fountain that’s filled by the river water. The flesh of the fruit cracks beneath her teeth, and makes a loud sound as she bites it off and crunches it. Finn walks beside her, holding the few violets she’d collected along their walk. They’re nearing where the Emperor’s chambers are when she stops, mouth full of sweet-tart apple as she watches the Emperor with a handful of his advisors. His dark hair’s pulled back with a bit of leather, pieces pulled from his face and forming a half-tail at the back of his head. Said dark head is bowed as he listens, and from her distance a dozen or so paces away she can see the way he nods, accepting whatever the advisor is telling him. He’s not walking like a mountain now. He looks more contemplative, calmer. She watches, still as he continues to walk alongside the other men. He looks up after a moment and she watches as his gaze moves out towards the orchards. His eyes find her eventually, and she waits for something, any sort of reaction at all. Though he doesn’t stop as his advisors walk along, she can see the soft smile and nod he gives her before he turns his attention back to the man beside him. “Rey?” Finn’s speaking to her. She wonders if this is his first attempt, or if she’d let her shock at the small smile take her long enough that he’d asked multiple times. She turns towards him, noticing his eyes on her, slightly worried. “Yes?” “Are you all right?” She looks back towards the Emperor, who’s turning in towards the courtyards. “… yes.” Chapter 3 : III. Notes: WARNING: This chapter contains historical inaccuracies regarding women and fighting/battle training. This chapter also contains female masturbation, and some blood/detail of injury. If any of these make you uncomfortable, please hit that back button! The sun’s getting low. It casts the room in golden light, the curtains tugged aside and doors pulled open to let the light and warmth in. She stands, another apple half-eaten in her hand as she waits for Poe to return from wherever-he’d-been. She’d been hungry moments ago, but her current thought process has rendered her incapable of eating another bite. Twelve days. Twelve days she’s been here, and she’s seen the Emperor only a handful of times. He’s spending much of his time away from the palace during this time, Poe had explained on the seventh day, because – like Jakku – he’s making sure that the islands are paying their dues, even as small as they may be. She hopes dearly he doesn’t find someone else to bring to his bed, but considering he’s the Emperor and Poe was his only lover before her, she’s doubtful of the man’s gaze wavering from his now two partners. Partners. Lovers. Concubine. Consort. She feels like none of them, an outsider. She’s barely seen the man, let alone touched him aside from the slap she’d delivered to his cheek that first day. And he’s never touched her, despite Poe’s promise that he would eventually touch her and worship her. Poe promises a lot of things. He promises that it’s good, promises that the Emperor will treat her well, make her feel incredible. He promises that the Emperor is skilled, and if it hurts it’s to intensify the pleasure. She’d asked about that after seeing the marks along his neck, the pale tunics and golden necklaces he sometimes wears seeming to draw attention to the darkened skin rather than away. “It shows that I’m his,” Poe had explained, grin just a bit darker than usual, a bit more … mischievous. “I like it as much as he does.” She wonders if she’d eventually like to be marked the same way. The idea’s definitely not appealing, especially not if the marks come from the Emperor. “I was wondering if you’d returned yet.” Rey turns as the door opens and she hears the voice of the Emperor’s consort. She can see a glimpse of a dark hand, the slightest shine of the armor of her favorite guard as Poe steps through, grinning like a bastard. The marks from the night before have only gotten darker as the day went on, and she can see the ones on his neck and collarbone more clearly now. While bathing, she’d seen the ones on his ass, dark and big, as if he was bitten in one place multiple times. It’s nearly animalistic, the way the Emperor treats him. But she’s also seen Poe after nights where it was softer, sweeter, after which there are no marks on his skin. “I returned hours ago,” she explains as he walks over to her. He bends, snatching a bit of the bread off of the plate of food she’d been brought. He dips it in the bowl of olive oil and spices, humming as he chews. She watches as he swallows and licks his lips, skin shining from the oil. “I’m sorry I wasn’t here to greet you,” Poe apologizes, settling down onto the chair and picking a grape from its stem and pushing it between his lips. “It’s all right,” she replies, turning and leaning against the bit of wall between the doors. The golden light illuminates her … friend, she supposes. Partner? Companion? She has no idea what he’s supposed to be to her. Her lover as well? It’s a confusing situation for her, becoming even more so as each day passes. Poe’s explained much of what will happen, but not so much as what they will become. “Poe?” she asks, watching as he bends and has another piece of bread. “Hm?” he hums, chewing as his dark eyes dart to her. She crosses her arms, apple dangling from her downward-facing hand. “… how long was it before the Emperor touched you?” He’s leaning for another piece of bread when he stops mid-reach, hand and arm outstretched over the bowls and plates. She watches as his handsome face downturns into a frown, brow furrowed as he thinks. He sits back on the chair, hand moving to his stroke at his jaw where the dark shadow of hair’s just starting to come in. “… one lunar cycle,” he explains, looking towards her. “… are you nervous about it?” “I don’t want him to touch me at all,” she insists harshly. “I don’t want anyone.” “Have you ever had anyone touch you?” She lets her silence speak for her as he shifts, leaning forward towards her and raising a brow at her. “What do you know?” he asks. She narrows her eyes at him. “I was the sole servant to the temple of Aphrodite on Jakku. Everything I have and am is in service to her. I spent my days tending the temple and appeasing her. What do you think I know?” There’s that smile again. A little lopsided with plenty of teeth and a lot of warmth. He laughs softly, shaking his head and scooting back, patting the space he’d just vacated. “Come.” She walks over, bare feet crossing the cool floor. The hem of her peplos brushes the tops of her feet as she bends to set the half-eaten apple on the table. She sits beside him, curling up and pulling her knees to her chest. It’s not like she hasn’t been close to him; they’ve shared the tub, shared chairs and sofas plenty of times. But she’s still skittish as he moves just a bit closer to her. “So you’ve never known pleasure?” he asks, and it’s a more straightforward question than she’d really expected, and her heart clenches in her chest at how casual he sounds about it. “No,” she replies simply, and he smiles in that way that makes her feel like everything’s a bit more right. “It comes in many forms,” he explains. “Simple touches, kisses, caresses. The slightest touch to the hand can even be pleasurable, if done right.” “I liked when you touched my ankle, after I hurt it,” she explains. “Is that pleasure?” “It can be, yes,” Poe says with a smile. “But I was thinking of pleasure of a more … intimate nature.” “Show me,” she demands, and she hears his soft chuckle at her immediate response. Her hands aren’t soft. She has scars from years past, from a childhood comprised of stealing and running and climbing and falling. Her tending to the temple was better, but taking care of the stone left her hands dry from the cleaning solution she’d created herself. The skin’s getting softer, thanks to Poe’s work with the pumice stone and oil, but she can’t imagine anyone pleasuring her hands. They’re too … ordinary. He holds out his hands, palms up to her, offering himself to her. She glances down and stares. He has scars too. A deep one on the meat of his thumb on his right hand, the result of a blade, it looks like. She knows that his skin’s smooth, knows from his helping her dress and decorate herself with the gems the Emperor picked for her to wear. “The Emperor has big hands,” he explains. “Bigger than mine.” She knows that full well, remembers his hand around her upper arm. She moves, putting her hand in his. His fingers don’t close around hers like she’d expected them to. Instead he lets her run her fingertips along his palm, down his fingers and off. “I like to kiss his,” Poe tells her. “Fingertips, his palms, his thumb. This part,” he offers, running his own finger along the outside of his hand, from the base of his littlest finger to the base of his thumb, “becomes rough from his blade. It’s not as sensitive, since it’s calloused, but paying attention there pays attention to the fighting that he’s done, the pain he’s endured.” The pain he’s endured. A joke, surely. The man knows no true pain, of that she’s certain. “Is that pleasurable?” Rey asks, frowning. “It’s sweet,” Poe says with a shrug. “It’s loving.” She touches his hands again, and this time he does take her fingers. She freezes as he raises his eyes to hers, skin warm around her small, slightly-sticky-from-fruit hands. Rey stays perfectly still as he runs his thumbs over the back of her hands, slow and smooth, before he lets her left hand go and grasps her right with both hands. His touch isn’t hard, but he kneads her palm and the meat of her thumb in a way that feels better than when she’d done it after her muscles cramped on the stairs. His gaze is still locked onto hers as he turns her hand over and brings it higher. Her eyes widen as he bends forward a bit, pressing soft kisses to the back of her knuckles. He kisses each ridge before moving up and turning his head slightly, pressing kisses to each fingertip and then to her palm. She’s not sure she could call it pleasurable, but it’s sweet and soft and she can understand why it’s nice. When he squeezes her hand and holds it loosely in his, she kind of wants him to kiss her skin again, sticky though it may be from the juice of her abandoned apple. He laces their fingers, suddenly, and the stretch between his larger fingers and her smaller ones is borderline painful, but she enjoys the warmth of his palm against hers. Almost immediately after he lets go and lets his fingers trail down the delicate flesh of her inner wrist. “Is this okay?” he asks, and his voice is as soft as his touch. She can only nod as he takes her hands again, just holding them, now. “Hand holding,” he explains, “means trust. You can hold his hands, feel them like I did to yours, massage his palm and fingers after training. They get sore if they grip the sword or spear for too long.” “… I see,” she mutters, the heat of their joined hands feeling as if it’s in her chest as well as her cheeks. She squeezes his fingers back, trailing her fingertips over the skin of his palms. “Your hands are warm.” “And yours are sticky,” Poe teases, pulling his hands back and grinning. “How long were you in the orchard?” She speaks of her day, after that, and he listens intently, eyes never leaving her. Rey likes it. She likes having someone to tell her adventures to, as small though they might be. She can’t remember the last time she had someone listen to her. - “She’s adjusting.” Ren hums, eyes still closed as Poe moves closer, bare skin warm against his. Poe curls around the Emperor, tucking his face into Ren’s neck. “Is she?” Ren asks, nuzzling his lover and smiling a bit as Poe presses a kiss to his jaw. “Mhm,” Poe replies, and Ren’s smile broadens as Poe trails fingers along the skin of his back. “She’s starting to accept her place here.” “I’m not ready.” “And neither is she,” Poe mutters. “She’d never even held hands with someone before.” Ren hums again as he thinks about the pretty temple attendant. It’s not surprising that she’s never had anyone. He recalls the last time he slept with a woman and cringes at the memory. Poe’s lips find his temple immediately afterwards, pressing an open-mouthed kiss to the side of his face. “Stop thinking about her. I know that you are. Think of me instead.” “Think of you doing what?” Ren asks, opening his eyes to meet Poe’s in the dark. He can just barely see the other man’s smirk as Poe moves, pushing him onto his side so that they can lay flush together. Poe’s skin is hot, lips finding the underside of Ren’s jaw. The Emperor moans softly, memories of his former lover already fading away with Poe’s teeth dragging along his skin. He smirks as he feels Poe’s hand near his cock, cupping lightly, fingers barely stroking at all as Ren wraps his arm around his consort to pull him closer. “Think of me doing this.” - Rey’s given the blade on her thirteenth day. It’s a steel thing, with a smooth hilt wrapped in leather for her comfort, though she knows Finn's doesn't have the same hilt. It’s smaller than those that she’s seen in the hands of the soldiers, on the hips of the guards, barely longer than her forearm. It’s thinner, as well, and lighter – better weighted to her small but strong frame. It’s waiting for her on Poe’s lap, wrapped in dark purple wool. He hands it to her, letting her feel it in her hand before she looks up at him and asks, “Why?” “We protect him, as well,” Poe explains, and for the first time she notices that he has his own sword beside him. “I don’t wear mine as often as I should.” “I’ve never used one,” she admits. She used sticks when she was younger, a long branch fashioned into a sort of staff of sorts. It helped her carry her stolen goods from the port, and assisted her little legs as she climbed up the hill. It could also thwack a full-grown man in the shins fairly well, if she hit hard enough. She hadn’t had the opportunity to hit a man where it hurt, but she doesn’t doubt that she would’ve if one had arisen. “I had a staff when I was little.” “I’ll see what I can do,” Poe offers, shrugging. “But it’s the Emperor’s wishes that you train with this, for both his protection and yours.” “And you waited this long to offer it to me?” “It was being made.” His smile’s a bit wry as he crosses his arms over his chest. “We also wanted to make sure you wouldn’t use it against us.” The thought hadn’t even crossed her mind, honestly, with how long she’s stayed and how comfortable it’s been with him – not to mention how he’s cared for her. She looks down at the blade in her hands, turning it over in her palm before letting it rest by her side. “I won’t.” - She’s unused to fabric wrapped between her legs. She feels bare, lacking the typical covering of her peplos. There’s fabric wrapped around her breasts, dark in color to match the subligar tied between her legs to cover her. The sun’s unforgiving on her skin, mid-summer heat nearly unbearable as Rey stands with the soldier-turned-guard who’s quickly become her friend. Finn himself has the same wrappings between his legs to preserve his modesty, and for the first time she’s allowed to gaze at the scar between his shoulder blades that relieved him from his duty. He’s strong elsewhere, chest broad and shoulders robust. His hands are warm like Poe’s as they cover hers. “I’ve never fought,” Rey says as Finn adjusts her hold on the weapon she’d been given. “As I expected,” he replies. “You’ll learn.” “Is it necessary?” “Yes,” he insists, smiling. She likes his smile. It’s just as kind as Poe’s. “For protection, should you need it. You’re more valuable than you think.” He sends her running, to test the strength in her legs. There isn’t much, admittedly; on Jakku her activities were limited to those of the temple. But now, given the opportunity to sprint around the training ground, she runs like she had when she was young, free from duties and worry. She returns from her three laps around the training ground grinning, beaming as Finn nods in approval. She learns to hold the weapon, and learns that it can stab as well as cut and block. He has her stab the air until her arms ache, and then Rey’s being sent back to her quarters to scrape the sweat and dust of the training ground from her skin. Her heart’s racing, and her hair’s sticking to her forehead, but she grins as she thanks the guard, laughing as she nearly drops the sword in her exhaustion. - On the fifteenth day, she sits with Poe again. She lets him hold her hands, lets his thumbs and fingertips brush along her skin. There are callouses there, now, from the training in the courtyard with Finn. He’s an accomplished swordsman, and she’s learning quickly, much to everyone’s pleasure. Now, though, her hands are for feeling, not fighting. “He’ll be slow,” Poe tells her. “He’ll be gentle. He’s good like that.” So he says. But Rey’s seen the finger marks on the her friend’s hips, seen the bites across his shoulders and neck, heard the slap of skin against skin as she lingers in the doorway leading out to the private courtyard. She’s heard the pleasured moans, yes, but she wonders if it’s really that good. “It’s different, for me,” he explains. She doesn’t need to ask how, she knows very well how it’s different. Different parts, different pleasurable spots, different beings entirely. The Emperor’s learned how to please a male lover. She wonders if he knows how to please a female one. “He’s not callous,” he says, as the sun dips lower behind the walls. “If you tell him to stop, he will stop. He will listen to you. I promise.” Poe promises a lot of things. - She falls from one of the apple trees. It’s foolish and childish to cry over the blood coming from her knee, the dirt coating her skin, the mix of the two on the fabric of her dress. But it happens anyway, because Rey can so clearly remember the last time something like this had happened, and it was so long ago and she was free and young and careless. Tears stain her cheeks before she hurriedly wipes them away, stumbling a bit before Finn scoops her up wordlessly. He carries her back, the rich fabric of her tunic snagging slightly along the ridges of his armor. But his arms are strong and his skin warm, smile sweet and eyes slightly worried as he carries her through the open doors into the Emperor’s chambers. Poe fusses over her immediately, bending as she lifts the fabric up so he can examine her injury. “You could’ve broken something,” he scolds before turning to Finn and saying something in Latin. The guard nods and disappears, walking back out through the courtyard to cut through to the servants’ quarters. “But I didn’t,” she retorts. “I’m fine.” She’s still fine as he kneels before her, cloth and bowl of water beside him as she sits on a chair and lets her wound be cleaned. There’s scraped skin and it stings as he dabs at it, but soon the old blood and dirt is scrubbed away and fresh blood comes forth and he swipes honey along her skin. What she isn’t expecting is for him to swipe his lips across her bloodied skin, as well. “Poe-“ Rey starts, trying to keep from jerking back at the very blatant display of affection. Is it even allowed? Are they allowed this? “It heals better,” Poe says simply, pressing more kisses along her scraped flesh before pulling back. “Be more careful. Keep Finn closer.” The wound heals quickly, but the sensation of his lips against her skin doesn’t fade as quickly as the marks. - It’s cooler. The rain’s been falling from the sky for two days now, and everything has developed a sort of chill from the water. She’s cold in her peplos, thin fabric traded from some other land far from where they are. She can’t even imagine how Poe’s feeling in his strange garment from somewhere North, covering his legs individually in thick linen with a belt around his waist. He refuses to wear a tunic today, body littered with the marks of the Emperor. The larger man had come three nights ago, and the bruises remain even now as he goes off to meet with traders along the upper coast. She stands in the doorway leading outside, arms crossed and eyes watching as the water falls down in sheets, almost drowning the gardens in the courtyard. She shivers as the cool air brushes through, wondering if she should slip into the warm water of their bath for the second time that day. She’d woken freezing, and asked for hot water as soon as someone else in the palace was awake to help her. “You’re cold.” “Yes,” she says simply. She misses her collection of somewhat-holey blankets back on Jakku, the little nest she’d made when the rain came and cooled everything off, made the marble of the temple chilled. She startles when she feels hands on her arms, but relaxes soon after into the familiar touch of her friend. “It’s me,” Poe says, as if it would be anyone else. She says nothing as his hands move up and down her arms, running along the soft hairs there that are sticking up with the chill. His skin’s slightly warmer than hers, and she’s grateful for it as he tries to heat her with his touch. She indulges a bit, leaning back against him. His chest is warm against her back, and she hums as he continues to hold her. She lets her arms fall and he moves down to brush her fingers with his before moving back up to her bare shoulders, repeating the cycle over and over until she doesn’t feel like shivering anymore. “Thank you,” she says, hoping he doesn’t take it as a dismissal. He doesn’t. “I’d hate to have you be cold,” he replies, and though she can’t see it as she looks out at the falling rain, she can hear the smile in his voice. - “You pleasure yourself.” It’s not a question. She’s heard him in the bedchambers several times when the Emperor was gone, stepping into the main room after training with Finn to bathe the sweat off. All too often she’s heard his moans, and stepped right back out to find the guard for another hour of activity. “Yes,” he replies. She’s leaning back against him with his legs parted to accommodate her, her back to his chest as she plucks dried fruit from the bowl in her lap and offers it back to him. If he doesn’t take it, she does, eating the sweet treats and humming at their taste. “How?” she asks. There’s silence following, and she hates herself for asking a question like that. She’s curious, too curious, and now he’s quiet behind her and still and not taking the date she’s offering back to him. “Forget it,” she mumbles, taking the date and shoving it between her lips to keep herself from talking again. “No, I’m wondering if you’re asking me how I pleasure myself, or if you’re asking me how you can pleasure yourself,” Poe replies, and he sounds genuinely confused at the embarrassing dilemma. “Both?” she offers, once she’s swallowed the fruit. “Well, as to how I pleasure myself, I could show you, but that might be a bit far for now,” he admits, pressing a soft kiss to her shoulder. She hums at the gesture, taking another date. “As to how to pleasure yourself… well, I can explain that, if you’d like.” “Yes,” she replies, perhaps a bit too quickly and with her mouth full. “Well,” he starts, and then he stops. “… actually, I’m not sure how to explain it.” “Have you ever pleasured a woman?” she asks, frowning as the possibility strikes her suddenly. “I have,” he insists, slightly defensive. “I’ve just … never thought about it in terms of how one would do it herself. There are things that another person can do to pleasure a woman that she can’t do alone.” “That’s not helpful.” She yelps as she feels his teeth on her shoulder, scraping ever so slightly along her skin. It tickles more than hurts and she swats at where his hand’s beside her. She can hear his chuckle against her shoulder, and the press of his lips as he kisses her skin before pulling back. “Grab me a fig,” Poe says, and Rey reaches forward to grab one of the fruits, offering a half to him. He shifts, and she stares down at the red fruit as he adjusts it in his hands. “All right,” he starts. “Pretend this is between your legs.” “Pretend a fig’s between my legs,” she says flatly, raising an eyebrow at him in disbelief. What is he doing? “No,” he says sternly, though she can hear that he’s trying hard not to laugh. “I’m going to try and show you without touching you. The fig’s what I’m going to show you on.” “You’re strange.” “Says the woman who lives off of apples, oil, and bread, and climbs trees like a beast,” Poe mutters, brushing his lips against her shoulder again. “All right.” “Does it look like that?” “No, Rey, it looks like what it’s supposed to look like,” he says, sounding slightly exasperated. “Do you want to know or not?” “Yes,” she says quickly, because she does. It’s just that teasing him is also very fun. “All right.” She watches as he drags two fingers down the seeds of the fig. “Be gentle,” he mutters, lips against her shoulder. “Have you ever touched yourself?” “To clean,” she explains, and he hums. “Good.” He slips his fingers up to the top of the fig, near the stem. “Towards the top, there’s a soft bump, all right? You’ll feel it when you find it. Press that, touch it, dab it, rub it. Find what you like. Every woman, in my experience, is different.” “That makes it sound like you’ve pleasured many,” Rey remarks. “Who’s to say I haven’t?” Poe asks, and she can hear the smirk in his voice. She watches his fingers dab at the top of the red fruit, presumably how she should touch herself. Bump. All right. “And it feels good?” “So I’ve heard,” he replies. “I don’t exactly have one.” “What does it feel like?” “It’s hard to say. It feels like … waves rolling, and then finally cresting and breaking along the shore. I take it you’re familiar with waves?” His tone’s teasing. “After spending your life amongst them.” She slaps at his knee. “Poe.” “Sorry, sweetheart,” he mumbles. “You’ll know it when you feel it, all right?” “And inside?” She knows that’s a part of it, knows where the Emperor will go when the time comes, knows what happens. “Later,” Poe replies. “Try just touching first, explore, have fun.” His fingers stroke the fruit one more time before he’s offering it to her. She takes his fingers instead, holding his wrist and licking a stripe from his palm up to his sticky fingers. “By the gods, Rey,” he mutters as she sucks the juice from his skin. “He won’t know what to do with you.” She’s not entirely sure how to take that comment, but she enjoys the salty-sweet flavor of the juice on his skin, and releases his hand before taking the fig and biting into it. - The Emperor’s still absolutely terrifying. He’s somehow even more terrifying in just a crown upon his dark waves, a dark tunic, and sandals than he had been in the armor he’d worn when he’d seized her. Before, the power had been in the armor, in the large helmet and the sword he’d held. Now, it’s all him. And she hates it. She stands beside him as he addresses those brought forward to him for their crimes. Poe says it was rare to have crime before, but with the acquisition of new territory people are acting out against the Empire. There have been acts of arson, twice in the past ten days, and the guilty men stand before the Emperor now. His voice booms through the hall, though in private she knows he is soft-spoken, at least towards Poe. He’s hardly spoken a word to her. She watches as men are led away one by one, having been dealt their fateful hand. Poe’s on the other side of the Emperor, straight and tall and proud and handsome. She casts glances towards him on occasion, noticing his clenched jaw and his hands clasped behind his back and his stiff shoulders. She can remember his fingers against the fig, his lips against her shoulder and his smile against her skin. He doesn’t look like that man now, looking instead like a statue, chiseled and perfect as he stares blankly out towards the three men being charged. Her gaze shifts to the Emperor. The way his full lips bark the fate of those in front of him. The way his eyes are hard, dark brows furrowed. He doesn’t look like a man who’d touch her kindly, either. If Poe can be both ways, perhaps the Emperor can as well, though she loathes the thought of when he finally settles between her legs. She narrows her eyes at the powerful man, watching as he delivers the cowering man’s sentence without any sort of hesitation. Perhaps. She wouldn’t call the feeling blooming in her chest hope, but it’s something like that, sweet and still a little scared. - The air’s warm and a bit wet from the evening rain when she decides to slip her hand between her legs. Poe and the Emperor are sleeping soundly in the other room. She’s been sleeping on the cushions on the floor of the living room, on the couches until the Emperor decides to bring her into his bed. On the occasions when he’s gone, she sleeps in the Emperor's with Poe, his body hot next to hers and bedhead wild in the morning. She misses it when the Emperor’s staying, misses waking up next to her friend. She can hear the couple in the other room, soft snores and gentle shuffles - both completely asleep, minds seized by Morpheus. She waits a few heartbeats before trying, hand moving between her thighs. With Poe’s assistance and the stone he’d given her, she’d removed most of the curls that once covered the apex of her thighs. The skin’s far from smooth, but it’s easier to feel where her lips part. Her skin’s hot. She’d expected it to be warm, at the very least, since her skin’s usually warm from the sun and general activity, but the flesh here feels legitimately hot. She frowns, fingers grazing along her lips as she tries to find the bump that Poe had told her about. The thought of his fingers being there instead of her own is sharp and terrifying in its suddenness, and she nearly gasps at the mental image her brain produces for her. She bites her lip to keep quiet, eyes turned towards the ceiling. There’s a painting there, she knows, but she can’t even begin to see it in the darkness. She can just feel her entrance, but she skips over it, moving right up towards where Poe’d directed her. Her fingers bump against something - a small, hot bump - and immediately she nearly bucks at the soft touch. She does gasp aloud, and stops directly after, hips still slightly lifted as she freezes and waits for one of them to find her like this. Another snore, soft and low, and then a deeper one, a bit rougher. They’re still asleep. She uses her other hand to muffle her gasps, biting into the meat of her thumb as she runs her fingers along the bump again. So this is what pleasure is like. A jolt, a sharp tingle, scalding like that time she’d been foolish enough to touch the burning flame of the torch around the temple, childish curiosity getting the better of her with no one to tell her ‘no’. There’s no one telling her ‘no’ here, either. In fact, if Poe was to find her, she’s fairly certain he’d urge her on. Maybe he’d watch. The thought sends another jolt through her without even moving her fingers, and her cheeks flush even more as she bites into her thumb harder. Something tells her to circle it, so she does, using two fingers and rubbing at her flesh. Her hips buck again, though this time she doesn’t stop the movement, letting her feet brace against the cold floor. There’s no purchase to be found, and the ball of her foot actually skits along the marble. She pays no mind to it, just bringing it back and spreading her legs further in an attempt to make the pleasure deeper, harder. She tries to go faster. Poe was right; it does feel like something building, like a wave about to crest. She’s not sure how high it goes, how big it will become before it – or she – breaks and crashes back down again. She’s not there yet, she doesn’t think, it’s pleasurable but not enough. Rey understands the moans now. It’s hard to keep quiet, and she exhales harder through her nose in the need to make some sort of noise. It’s soft enough that they won’t hear her. The crest takes her by surprise, a few heartbeats after her fingers start to ache from the unusual amount of activity, the pressing and the rubbing and the hard angle of it. She bites and sucks hard against the meat of her thumb, sure to leave a hard mark tomorrow as her eyes widen and she shakes, foot slipping against the marble with a harsh ‘squeak’ sound. She prays to the gods that they haven’t heard, that they won’t find her like this, trembling on the cushions like a leaf in the wind and in awe of her own body. She smells it, then. Something deep and musky, like Poe when he wakes, like Poe when he emerges from spending time with the Emperor. It’s scent she associates more with Poe than with sex, and though it’s not exactly the same, it’s close in its origin, she guesses. It’s stronger when she pulls her hand up, and that’s when she feels her fingers, skin damp. She frowns, touching the pads of her forefinger and middle finger to her thumb. Poe hadn’t said anything about this. Terrified she just pissed herself in whatever release she’d just had, she stands, but her legs only feel shaky, not wet. So that can’t be it. She checks the cushions beneath her as well, just in case. Nothing. Not piss, then. She frowns, bringing her hand closer to her face. That smell again. Sex, then. Her sex. Tired and slightly breathless, feeling some sort of bone-deep kind of sated, she reclines back on the couch she’s been using as a bed the past four nights, wiping her fingers on the material of the short tunic she’s wearing. She’ll ask Poe about it tomorrow, maybe. If she can gather up the courage to tell him what she’d done. She can’t bring herself to regret it. She only wishes that her fingers didn’t hurt, didn’t cramp. If they hadn’t, perhaps, she could’ve done it again. - She’s lived in the palace for thirty two days, and the Emperor still hasn’t touched her. Though she’s not sure she wants him to, the lack of interest in her is unnerving. Why take her so suddenly and cruelly from her home if he’s to do nothing with her? Poe tells her it’s fine, that he’s not usually away this much. That Poe had an entire month to get used to his company before the Emperor even touched him. She doesn’t have that luxury, what little time is spent with the Emperor spent standing beside him during ceremonies and passing him in the halls, or acknowledging him before he disappears to be with Poe. They haven’t had a conversation, let alone a kiss. She doesn’t wish for one, exactly, her attitude towards the man still one of hatred, but she wishes for some confirmation that her capture was for something and not just in jest. The anticipation gnaws at her, and she’s fidgety as she plays with one of Poe’s rings, one he’d given her but one she still acknowledges as his. It’s a dreary day, drizzling slightly, and the rain from the day before has made the training grounds muddy and the branches of the orchard rain-slicked. She trained earlier, not letting a little mud stop her from achieving her goal of beating Finn in a fair fight. She hadn’t accomplished it, not yet, but she’s learning quickly and they had a good time laughing at their slipping and sliding in the slick mud. She’d returned to an amused Poe, the man shaking his head at the mud coating her body and streaking her face. After, not wanting to risk another fall from the trees in the orchards, she decided to stay in their chambers, thoughts drifting. It’s evening before anything of interest happens, the torches casting the room in golden light and stark shadows. The door opens with a loud ‘bang’, and she sits up from where she’d been reclining on the couch, eyes wide. The ring falls from her fingers as she watches Finn carry the Emperor in, the larger man’s arm draped around the guard’s shoulders. He’s bleeding sluggishly from his shoulder, a red gash along his pale skin. “What happened?” Rey demands in her language, standing and rushing over. “It’s raining harder along the coast,” Poe explains from behind Finn and the Emperor. There’s another man Rey doesn’t know; the physician, she can assume, carrying cloth and oils and thread. Her heart seizes in her chest. “He didn’t see the attacker coming. The guards didn’t either.” “What attacker?” she demands, stepping aside as Finn guides the Emperor onto the floor of the sitting area, just a few paces from where she just was. He’s paler than usual, and she hears his pained grunt as Finn sets him down. Poe slips a cushion under his shoulders, propping him up for observation. She’s never seen Poe this pale, either. “A rebel,” Poe explains once he has his lover settled. “His father was put into exile a week ago.” She glances towards the Emperor as the physician eases the damp fabric of his tunic from him. There’s another gash along his side, red and painful-looking. She intakes a breath sharply through her nose as the Emperor hisses through his teeth, mouth turning up into something feral before he relaxes as the fabric’s pried away. Then his face softens, eyes slipping closed as he lets the physician work. “Sit with him,” Poe orders, jerking his head towards the wounded man. “It’s not serious, the rain was both a curse and a blessing. They didn’t see the attacker, but he didn’t see Ren well, either.” He meets her eyes. “This is why we train.” She looks back towards the Emperor, who’s grimacing as the physician starts to clean the wound. It looks like a clean slice, a failed attempt at a stab, just grazing his side instead of going in between his ribs. “Go,” Poe mutters, walking over to where the Emperor is to help the physician. She doesn’t think she’s ever seen her friend so pale, so worried. She watches as Poe takes his lover’s hand, lifts it to his mouth to brush his lips across the man’s large palm. The Emperor’s gaze turns towards Poe, and her heart skips a beat at the warmth in the cruel man’s eyes. “Yes,” Rey replies, because it’s the only word she can think to say as she walks over. Finn remains, eyes darting to her as she settles in the only space where she’ll be out of the way, near the Emperor’s head. Poe is speaking to the physician in Latin; he’s speaking small, soft words, all questioning. The older man speaks back just as softly, nodding in thanks as Poe exchanges the bowl of dirty water for a new, clean one. Rey watches as they tend to the wound before her eyes snap to the Emperor’s face at his soft grunt of pain. She’s sitting with her legs to the side beside his head, and can see his face as he winces, hissing through his teeth as the physician dabs at the wound with a cloth. The new bowl of water must have something in it to help with the healing, the water cloudy, but she can tell that it also stings as he hisses again, grinding his teeth and clenching his eyes shut. She’s never seen him like this. She’s never seen him look so human. “His head.” Her gaze darts to Poe to find him looking at her. He nods towards the Emperor, and her eyes find where the man’s clenching his fingers along the marble floor in an attempt to take away from the pain. “Hold his head, stroke his hair,” Poe instructs. It’s said almost harshly, and she would be struck by his tone if she didn’t see how much this was affecting him. His face is hard, eyes moving from the physician’s hands to his lover’s face to her and back again. She does as ordered, moving to cross her legs. It’s with great care that she eases the Emperor’s head up and moves him into her lap. She runs her fingers through his dark hair, marveling at how soft it is. A flash of a thought has her imagining Poe’s fingers clenched in it, her own fingers holding the dark strands tight. The image disappears as soon as it had come as he grunts and winces again, cursing something in his own language. His nails scrape against the floor as the physician rubs something onto the wound to prevent infection. She does the best that she can, fingers moving through his hair and along his scalp. She’s not used to comforting anyone, not used to being comforted by anyone aside from Poe, so she has no idea what to do. Poe’s no help, his attention more on assisting the physician and his wounded lover than her. Rey reaches down, hand finding the Emperor’s cheek and running her thumb along his temple, trying to be comforting. She freezes up when his head turns and his nose is pressed to her wrist, his lips to her palm. This frightening man is kissing her hand, like Poe does. Perhaps there’s something to Poe’s promises after all. “Sol,” he mutters against her skin, and she has no idea what that word is, never having used it or heard it used. She knows trading terms, primarily. ‘Sol’ is not one of them. Poe’s gaze snaps to them, though, and she looks at him across the Emperor’s still form. The torches illuminate her friend’s face, casting some of it into shadow and making other parts look golden. She’s not entirely sure, but she thinks she can see the glimmer of a smile before he looks down and hands the physician another swath of bandages. - “What did he call me?” she asks after, in the quiet of the sitting room as the Emperor lies in the bedroom, sleeping soundly. Poe is sitting behind her, holding her in his lap as they calm from the ordeal. “Sun. He called you the sun.”