Doe, a Deer, a Female Dear! The Solo Triplets ruled your high school without question, everyone knew it in the way they prowled through the campus, rolled up on their Cadillac brougham, and especially with the way words would rolled from their tongues in a seductive drawl or a threat dripping with venom. Each of them had similar appearance, varying personalities, but all sharing the same defining characteristic; dangerous. No one messed with them, from the jocks to the campus staff, the triplet’s foreboding presence even reached outside the campus and intimidated the local law enforcement. Your town was generally pretty small, far up north of California, settled in the coldness between forests and decently close to the beach. With the size of your town, population was obviously small, so every bit of person knows of the Solo triplets. People hated them, but as much as they did, no one ever really did anything about them. People would quietly scorn the boys under their breaths but once in the face of them, they hung their heads lowly and forced on fear tinged smiles. It seemed that their fear kept them from acting upon their hate. You, however, found it weird. You were never really afraid of the three boys, and when you did, it was for the safety of others and not over your personal well being. They were never a threat to you, as they had said it themselves and proved it by never laying an improper hand on you. They said you interest them, but you felt as if they were obsessed with you. “Why would we try to ruin a sweet girl like you?” Ben had asked before in that husk tone that made all the girls blank when he used it. Ben was the middle child, charismatic with a lively personality. He oozed seduction but you thought of him as a total sleazebag because he slept with a lot of girls. “You’re the only girl that has my heart.” Ben claimed, but you felt as if it were a lie. You didn't care though. You weren't hung up over them like Ben and his brothers were for you. They were a mere fascination to you, like watching a real pack of wolves hunt through the woods and strike fear in the eyes of other forest creatures. “Wolves?” Kylo quipped when you explained yourself. “Then what must you be?” “A deer.” You answered shortly. Kylo laughed, his voice deep like his brother, yet dark and rich. “You are not a deer.” You frowned, not knowing if he meant that as you are not graceful or that you are not a fickle prey running away from the predators, the Solo Triplets. Kylo was the most peculiar out of three of the boys; quiet, brooding, and sometimes cold with an unmistakable air of authority that had him undeniably the eldest of the triplets. “Only by 20 minutes.” Matt grumbled when that fact was brought up. Oh Matt, the youngest of them, so well mannered, soft spoken, and the sweetest amongst the pack of three. The only difference his appearance held against his identical was the blond, shaggy hair and the glasses perched on his Roman nose. People thought he looked like a dork, but that didn't mean he was any less threatening. Matt, like Kylo, was smart with his words. But unlike the more brooding brother -who was straight to the point- Matt’s threats were always veiled but blood chilling nonetheless. “I'm good with my words too princess.” Ben cooed and his breath brushed your cheek. You pushed Ben away, barely looking away from your work. It was after school and you were waiting for your friends while doing homework on the outdoor bleachers. The triplets claimed that they were keeping you company and warmth in the winter breeze, both Ben and Matt sandwiched you while Kylo loomed at your back. Matt was at least helpful and tried to assist you in solving some formulas when Ben wasn't picking for your attention. Kylo, however, was a living distraction himself and didn't really need to say or do anything, his presence was a demand for your focus enough. “Who has you waiting this long in the cold anyways?” Ben grumbled when you gave a tiny shudder. “It's not so bad, I haven't been waiting too long and it's not that cold.” You said. Ben snorted. “Because of us.” It's true, they were so warm, which was a wonder because they weren't wearing much and it was pretty damn cold. Kylo was sporting a black leather jacket, some random band t-shirt, and distressed black jeans. Ben had his usual denim jacket, plain white t-shirt, and matching denim jeans with a plaid long sleeve crossed over his waist (so extra). Matt wore probably the least, a soft and loose Henley long sleeve and rough cut off pants. And then there you were, bundled up in plush layers of knitted sweaters under a chunky scarf looped over your shoulders. “Northern California weather is nothing, it has nothing on us.” Matt assured, as if knowing what you were thinking when you gazed at their attire critically and slightly worried. Ben then leaned into your space and filled your field of vision. “Are you worried about us, my deer?” You furrowed your brows at the reference and glanced at Kylo over your shoulder. He said nothing but there's a glint of amusement in his eyes. He must have told them, it wouldn't surprise you. They share almost everything amongst each other, even their obsessions for you. “Let her finish her homework Ben.” The sound of his voice was a little shock, you felt like he didn't talk much compared to his brothers and the sound of it felt like rain in a year long drought. You wanted him to talk more and bask in the baritone richness. “Y/N can't be a good girl for us if you make her fail one little class.” You shuddered, that time not from the chill of an unsuspected breeze. Kylo seemed to know this as the edge of his lip tilted up in a cheeky manner. You look away and tried to put focus back to your homework but at the corner of your eye a familiar figure is caught. It's your friend Finn, lingering at the corner of the gymnasium in his varsity jacket and duffle bag limp in his hold. He looked reluctant and when all three triplets looked up to notice him, he flinched. ‘Ah.’ You understood, the triplets scared him. You didn't blame Finn, the boys sent his football team’s quarterback to the hospital after implying your promiscuity last year. Unfortunately, he won't be playing football for a while. “That’s the friend?” Kylo’s tone was flat and it placed you at the edge of anxiety. “Yup!” You started to shuffle your things into you bag and tried not to pay attention to how the atmosphere turned dead. “Bye guys!” Poe suddenly came up behind Finn and you could hear him from where you scrambled on the bleachers, he was chattering excitedly about game plans and practice, not minding Finn’s stiffness. His attention was only sidetracked from sports when he heard you stomping down the metal steps. “Looky here, the lady of the hour!” Poe cheered with his arms raised up for a hug. You made a face and jumped up to give him a highfive. You heard laughing behind you and could only guess Ben and Matt. Poe gave a very brief glance in their direction but his smile never wavered in genuinity. Brave soul. “How was practice?” You asked when the three of you started to walk away. “Same ol’ thing.” Finn answered respectively. Poe snorted. “Dude, only you can get so hyped up doing runs on gameplans.” “You didn't wait long, right Y/N?” Poe asked. You could tell he was worried after seeing the Solo boys huddled around you earlier. It wasn't like it was the first time though. “It wasn't a long wait.” You huffed. Finn shuddered, a little exaggerated. “I don't know how you can calmly hang out around them.” You shrugged. “They’re not so bad.” The Solo Triplets were bad. You, your friends, everyone knew this. And they always had been, since the moment they grew into their teenage years, most say early pubescent and blamed hormones. Since then, the boys always caused trouble throughout town. It started with petty little acts of typical rowdy kids, egging houses and tipping trash cans. Then they moved onto destroying mailboxes, stealing then vandalism and all out brawls. And somehow , at some point, the local townspeople suspected them for the death of people in the surrounding county, deaths that were solved and proven to have no relation to the young men. The worst you've heard about them was drug dealing but...at least there was no word of guns. By the time you reached senior year, the boys were so undividedly feared that they were basically untouchable. You hear talk of petitions here and there, people try to rally up support from law enforcement through city council to try and do something about the boys besides give them a reluctant slap on the wrist or throw them in jail for the night at worse. There was always something (or someone) giving them the slip though, and petitions to enact a movement to solve problems dealing with the Solo Triplets disappear. Sometimes, when they wouldn't leave you alone, you ask them this. “That would ruin the mystery surrounding us though.” One of the would always reply, sometimes the phrase varying in words. But that was their answer on multiple occasions. You wondered if the mystery around them also aided in cultivating the fear amongst the townspeople. People were always afraid of what they didn't know. “You aren't afraid of us.” Kylo had said one other time. “Is it because you think you know us, little fawn?” It felt mocking, as if after all this time they had insisted on following and hovering over you, talking and laughing about nonsensical things, it only turns out that you didn't really know any of them at all. But, did you really? You knew Kylo liked tragic literature, critiquing cinematography, and listened to sad chill music just as much as he did the scornful screamo kind. But all of those could be something that his gang of out of town delinquents knew. Ben loved all old times music, cuddling, old school cars and collecting vintage bomber jackets but who’s to say that the girls he slept with didn't know the same? And Matt, he was basically an open book. He wore his favorite comic heroes or video game characters on graphic tees or irrelevantly raved about astronomy and the doom that awaits space explorers in any of his science classes. Nothing you knew about them was special. But they constantly tell you that you are. They lavished you with praises of varying subtlety, pried into your personal space bubbles, at some points you felt as if they were courting you. Wait - You weren't supposed to be bothered by this. You weren't suppose to think of them other than some alluring fascination, however, here you were hurt that you didn't know anything special about them. You groaned into your hands before smothering your head into the text book under you. You didn't mind the judging looks your peers sent but remembered to keep your whining to a tolerable level in the space of the library. You couldn't let yourself get involved with the Solo Triplets, not more than you already have. You had an image to keep, grades to hold up, peers to impress, teachers to please and parents to make proud. And that path does not involve the three boys. Success was not at the end of their road. All you saw was darkness, a murky mystery that did not offer sight of a goal or even an end. You wanted something that was for certain and following the path of success gave you that clear image. “Are you studying?” A deep timbre caressed your ear and sent goosebumps down your arms. You clasped a hand over your chest and looked to your offender; Kylo. A slightly relieved breath escaped from your lips and you watched him take the seat next at your right. “Yea, physics exam next week.” You whispered. Kylo nodded and you tried to return to your papers. It was hard. As you thought before, Kylo was a living distraction and you could feel everyone in passing looking at your table. You were hardly able to focus as the elder triplet rummaged through his backpack and rustled some papers onto the table. Was he going to study with you? Annoyed with the ongoing rustling of papers, you leaned back in your chair and watched him continue. Without saying anything (as always), Kylo drew out a book from his backpack and slid it your way. Your brows furrowed as your read the title. “Their Eyes Were Watching God.” You read aloud. Another courting gift? This wasn't the first. “I thought you’d like it.” Kylo said it as if it’s the least interesting thing in the world, but his actions spoke beyond it. Kylo knew you well, perhaps more than the other boys. He was observant when it came to you and was quick to note what types of books you leaned towards. Just by this, he bought you books that shifted your limited tastes into a more broaden spectrum and read literatures you never thought to even get into. “What do you plan on doing after you graduate?” Kylo’s voice brought you back from the depths of your thoughts and you realized you had been staring at the book in your hands. “College, of course.” You sighed. “Probably a university.” “To be what?” Ugh, you hated questions like these. “I don't know, probably a doctor, my parents just want me to be someone rich and successful.” Kylo frowned, a look you don't see a lot so you barely managed to hide the shock in your eyes or how your brows raise at the sight. “You're going to waste your time and efforts chasing a job that your parents are pushing on you?” You scoffed and tossed the book on the table before crossing your arms at him. “Easy for you to say, you don't listen to anyone for shit, so I can't imagine you listening to your parents.” “I don't.” Kylo stated in a firm voice and you didn't doubt him. “Parents aren't always right. Sometimes they try to live their life through you, telling you what future to follow because they couldn't follow their own dreams and want to achieve it through their kids.” "My dream is to be successful. Whatever endgame my parents have in mind shares that.” Kylo scoffed and you glared. “What?” “Success; is that really what you want?” At this, his earthy brown eyes bore into your own, pried into your soul and pulled at the string that held you together. “These grades, your smiles, the kindness you give to other students and the hands you hold amongst your friends- that'll all lead to success right?” Your papers were forgotten as he drew in close, you can smell mint and cut pine wafting from his towering form. Even sitting like this, you felt small. “But is that what you really want?” The pulse of your heartbeat was deafening in your ears and all you could hear was his voice. People are looking, you could feel that until his hand raised up and grazed your lower jawline. His heavy hand settled around your nape and thumb pressed against your cheek. “You know what you want.” You felt dizzy, from his touch, words, and the heaviness of his eyes. You had no words but your lips still fluttered as if to say something. The only thing that saved you from embarrassment was the rattling echo of the bell. Lunch was over. You try to shake out of the daze yet Kylo still had his hold on you. “I-” You croaked, broke from his grasp and started to gather your things. “I need to get to class.” You never ran so fast to get to your Economics Class. Chapter 2 : Not Like Velvet Summary: Poe (and Finn) are worried and you're starting to catch feelings for the Triplets. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You wait in the gymnasium after school this time. You didn't want the boys to find you or give them a reason to get near you. After earlier with Kylo, you wanted space. But who were you kidding with those fools? Of course they would eventually find you, they’d never leave you alone if they ever had the chance. As if on cue, the Solo Triplets strolled through the open doors with their mastered nonchalant attitude scrawled on their faces. Kylo caught sight of you first; huddled at the end of the indoor bleachers as you tried your best to seem deeply engaged in your math homework. It's hard though, because at the edge of your eyes you can see the three towering figures making their way through basketball practice. They’d fit right in if the players weren't silently cursing their existence. Ben came into view first as he draped his thickly corded arms over the work on your lap. You glared at him and he flashed you a stunning smile. “Algebra huh, sounds fun.” He purred. You try to kick him away but he dodged successfully. As you smoothed out the wrinkles on your paper, you spot Matt sitting down and Kylo drawing closer. You ignore him. For as long as you could at least. “Well, at least you're not outside again.” Matt said. “If you were, we'd have to give your friends a little talk if they had you waiting so long out there in the cold.” You paused in your work and looked up at Matt, uncertain if you had heard him right. Did he just- “Just saying.” The blonde graced you with a sickly sweet smile and you couldn't help the gasp. “Damn it, no!” You snapped. “You're not gonna hurt my friends!” Matt sighed. “Oh my deer, I never said that.” “Just a simple talk.” Ben explained. “A warning.” Kylo finished. “As if we’d stand by and let you get hurt or suffer.” “Kylo, people already know not to mess with me! You all established that unsaid rule pretty well when you messed up the quarterback.” “But perhaps we should be more explicit.” Kylo took a seat next to you and you unconsciously curled more into yourself. “It seems that they don't really get it.” He made a gesture towards the people on the court who were glancing in their direction the whole time. Tension in the building was uneasy and you could feel the discomfort. “No one understands.” “I don't think you do. They're looking over here because you all freak them out and they think one of you might decide to wreck this place for the fuck of it. They’re not looking at me because they want to bully me or something.” There's a pause amongst them and the trio of males are staring at you. You can't really tell the expressions on their faces but you guessed that they must be amused. They always were with you and it was ridiculously obnoxious. “She doesn't know.” Matt finally said, scooting closer to the side of you that Kylo didn't occupy. “Our sweet little fawn just hasn't noticed.” Ben mused as he smoothed his hands back over your lap. Kylo sighed. “They don't want to bully you. They want to fuck you.” Your mouth went dry and you gaped at Kylo’s vulgar statement. You went on to sputter out nonsense that you weren't sure if comprehensible but undoubtedly embarrassing. “We’ll fix it though.” Matt assured. “What the hell guys? They don't want to fuck me!” You hissed but made sure to keep your voice low. You didn't want this spreading around town. “Three of you are delusional and I don't need any of you to make my social life any more harder than it is! I have a hard enough time trying to hold on to my friends when the three of you pop out and scare them off!” “Who, the two football players?” Ben scoffed. “Good riddance.” “I have more than two friends and none of you three are going to mess with any of them nor turn me into an outcast! I don't need anyone to ‘protect’ me.” “Then why do you keep us around?” Kylo questioned, his voice edged with annoyance but kept the baritone depth. “You haven't filed a restraining order on us.” His huge hand reached out for you and long fingers gently grasped your chin. The touch was warm; they were all always so warm. “You don't need this herd, my deer.” His head pulled closer to your face and you were locked under his lead-heavy gaze and the urging hold. “You have my pack. No buck can protect you like our wolves can.” Kylo was so close, smelled like the same scent of mint gum and pine but this time your noses brush and spark ran through you. You could feel Ben at your feet nuzzling your thigh and Matt on your back with his lips pressed into your shoulder. In such a surreal moment, you felt your mentality strung out and splayed loosely around the inside of your head. All thoughts were a stretched mess and you had a hard time pulling everything together with Kylo’s lips so close. “Y/N!” You startled, bumped foreheads with the large male before you and somehow jump out of the possessions of the three brothers. You looked off to where you heard the voice and saw Poe and Finn waiting for you at the exit. As you scrambled for your things, the dreadful atmosphere above the triplets was undeniable; they were crossed. A mutter of apologies and small goodbyes fell from your lips as you tried to safely make your descent down the stairs. When you met the two other males, they appeared just as tense as everyone else in the gym. Poe was struggling to keep up his happy demeanor while Finn looked like he was going to scare himself stiff. “Don't look now but I think the Solo Triplets are pissed.” Finn whispered. Despite Finn’s protests, you looked back as the your group started to exit and indeed, the three brothers were mad but not at their worse. This should be manageable. You started school the next day, tired and agitated as you didn't get much sleep last night trying to complete homework ahead of time and studying up on that physics exam for next week. “For a B student, you're really dedicated.” Finn said while spinning around a football in his hands, momentarily oblivious to your struggles of shoving textbooks into your locker. You flashed him a look that screamed “Help me damnit” before a textbook clattered to the ground. “Shit sorry.” Finn successfully piled in the books and you leaned down to pick up the fallen one. “Where’s your knights in leather armor to help you with this?” “Hopefully the other side of the campus, far away from me.” You grumbled. Just as you shut your locker door, Poe joined in. “How are my fellow sunshines doing today?” “Pretty okay” Finn quipped. “Tired.” You groaned. “Heavens release me from this feeble vessel.” “Does this have anything to do with those triplets?” You shot Poe a sharp glare and his hands automatically raised up in a defensive gesture. “Don't you start that with me.” “I don't mean like that, I mean,” Poe cleared his throat. “Are they bothering you? Like harassing you in a way?” ‘In a way.’ You thought. But their little antics seemed juvenile to you and in a way...endearing. “No.” But Poe looked as if he didn't believe you. “Not like there is much that can be done about them anyways.” Finn said as he took the initiative and started to walk ahead. Poe and you followed. “Those guys are mad scary, and nobody would want to mess with them.” Poe frowned and Finn made a sour face at the sight of such an optimistic dude bothered like that. “Dude,” He flung the football at Poe’s chest who caught it by reflex. “ Relax , think of it this way; since no one wants to fuck with them, no one will fuck with Y/N. She's basically just as untouchable.” Poe’s frown deepened further and reached up to scrunch at his brows. “But who’d protect her from the triplets? They're essentially all things bad in this town and what if they were to turn on her and hurt her?” “Uh, hello?” You called out annoyed and the duo looked down at you as if they had forgotten you were there. Like your mood wasn't already bad. “I could handle myself pretty well, I don't need anyone protecting me.” Poe groaned. “Y/N, you don't get it because they give you the special treatment, you don't know how dangerous they can get.” “As if I haven't seen enough of it myself?!” You snapped. “Don't you dare imply that I am some oblivious fool, too blind or stupid to see what kind of damage they can do.” “Then why do you hang out with those sick bastards?!” Poe snapped back. His tone startled you and for a moment, you're too shocked to counter. The words have escaped you and the train of thought derailed, losing your argument. Poe seemed to have regretted his outburst and his eyes rounded before he stepped forward to try and hold you. You stepped back, away from your friend, the shock recovering into anger. “I need to get to class.” As you walked away, you heard Poe and Finn calling after you. You didn't get why they bothered. Your first class was Algebra and one of the few that you didn't share with those two friends, but you did with Matt and Ben. As expected, they sat in the nearest seats to you, with Ben in front and Matt at your right. Ben usually spent class time goofing off, doodling, arguing with the teacher, or fawning over you. “How are you even passing this class?” You grumbled as he scribbled some random figures on scratch paper over your desk. “With a C.” Ben answered simply. Matt snorted. “Ben doesn't like putting in effort.” “Only if it's a waste of my time.” Perhaps it was the lack of sleep, but his answer somehow grated your nerves. “Getting an education is a waste of your time? What’s the point of going to school if you don't care about your education?” “You know why I go to school my deer. Just for you.” Ben purred. Your expression soured and you snatched up his pencil and paper. “Sketch on your own desk, Solo.” With a pout, Ben obeyed and Matt snickered. You went on through class working through the formulas on the given class work. Here and there you would glance at Ben with his back turned to you. Sometimes you found yourself distracted by his presence, enthralled in the wideness of his back or how thick and broad his shoulders were. You knew, underneath that jacket, laid firm muscles that rippled beautifully at each subtle movement. You caught yourself in your own daze and swallowed down the rising thoughts that threatened to come forth. ‘Focus.’ You scolded yourself. When you stopped ogling Ben’s backside, you found yourself struggling to stay awake. The numbers on the paper before you started to melt together as your vision blurred and lids grew heavy with sleep. For a quick second, you gave in to the pleasantries of sleep. ‘Just for a few seconds.’ You had thought to yourself. “Y/N.” Someone whispered. You jolted awake with a tiny squeak and your face flushed hot at the sound. Matt was leaning over to you from his desk and you suspect that it was him that woke you up. You also noticed that he had completed his class work and it reminded you of your current task. The clock already read that 15 minutes were left in class, you weren't even halfway finish and to top it all off you weren't all that good in math. You frowned at the time. ‘How could I let myself fall asleep like that!?’ Matt was able to read your situation just by studying your face and slid his completed work onto your table. Your brows scrunched in frustration and you handed him back the paper. You weren't that desperate to copy off his work. Matt sighed but eventually came up with a way to solve your troubles. He left his seat to crouch down next to yours. With his height, he was still able to look over your work at a good level. “Which ones are giving you trouble?” He asked in a soft, hushed tone. You point out certain problems and explained your troubles with some of the formulas. Matt nodded his head and went on to guide you through each of them, step by step with a patience you thought any of the Solo Triplets didn't have. And when you made a mistake or misunderstood his words, Matt kept his calm composure and praised you when you managed to make the right corrections by yourself or with little guidance. Your heart fluttered. A quick glance at him from the corner of your eye and you couldn't help but admire him for a moment. Despite the sharp focus in his eyes, Matt looked tender and almost charmingly boyish. Especially when he pushed the round glasses higher up the prominent bridge of his nose. Considerate, smart and gentle; this was a side of Matt you liked. You wished that he and all his brothers were that simple. Two minutes before the bell rang and you were done with your work, all thanks to Matt’s help. He had congratulated you, insisting it was all you and that you didn't give yourself enough credit solving the formulas. “You're too hard on yourself.” Matt said. “You're a smart girl, believe that.” You tried not to smile at his compliments and praises but pursing your lips together failed to hide the little hints of it. Matt beamed, obviously aware that you were pleased. The fluttering in your heart was back and it brought a pool of warmth with it. As students handed their papers to the teacher and filed out of the room, you set your gaze at the back of the two brothers. The feeling in your chest; was that why you let yourself hang around the Solo Triplets? If so, you were doomed . The closest you ever got to getting bullied in high school was the light teasing you received from fellow students. You considered yourself lucky as it could be worse, but you didn't want to have the Solo Triplets to thank (even though they were the sole reason). At best, it was annoying and unwelcomed, but the teasings never got worse than that. “Gonna let your sweetheart sleep the whole class away, Kylo?” Phasma teased, loud enough for you to hear in your sleep. You knew it was aimed to rustle you up but paid no mind and kept your head nestled in the folds of your arms. “What if she fails? She wouldn't be able to flaunt that B plus anymore.” Kylo said nothing and you didn't care. “Her snores are kind of cute though.” That was Dopheld. You shifted in your seat, slightly bothered now. Why won't everybody just leave you be? There must be other kids in the class that those ruffians could pick on, perhaps start a little petty fight with the teacher since he never really cared about anything. As an English teacher, all he ever did was pass out books assignments and stayed behind his desk to watch streams of TV reality shows. Mentally, you cursed the public school system and how they wasted resources hiring fools like him. At the moment though, you took advantage of the negligence and tried to catch up on the sleep you needed. “Did you not let her get enough rest last night?” Phasma joked. “Let her sleep.” Kylo voiced in. The sentence itself felt like a warning and it worked because Phasma stopped. Kylo was like the centerfold of all bad boys and girls in all his classes. It was like they were drawn to his bad boy image and you were stuck with it because he sat where ever you did. As rowdy as the group tended to be, you managed to ignore them most of the time. Somehow, somewhere along the line, you fell asleep but flinched awake when the bell for the next class rung. You groaned but started to gather your things despite your exhaustion. “Physics exam?” Kylo stepped in beside you as everyone started to exit class. You nodded and sighed. “Physics exam.” He placed a hand on the curve of your back and you told yourself not to lean into the comfort of it. “Ease up on yourself. Do you need help to study?” He asked. Some curious faces glanced your way and you could see them leaning their ears into the conversation. You shook your head and Kylo gave a very subtle nod. Outside, Ben and Matt stood waiting. As student crowded the halls, there was a particular bubble of space made around the two and it was obvious people were attempting to avoid any possible confrontations or close contact. The triplets went on to escort you to the next class and you just wanted to drag your feet the whole way knowing who you would have to face when you got there. Poe and Finn. Finn wasn't really a problem, just an innocent bystander. It was Poe who had you tempted to call out sick. You didn't have an answer to his last disconcerting question and you didn't want to face him after that. “Some birdies said you had a fight with two jocks this morning.” Ben said as he tugged the backpack from your shoulders. You knew what was going to be said next and decided to nip it at the bud before they even started. “They’re my friends.” Your voice was kept firm. “I’ll handle them. None of you are going to do anything about it. Got it?” Nothing was really said after that and they left you at the front of your Physics class. It was the last one for the day and all will power was needed to push you through the remaining bit of it. First step in and Poe was the first person to see. He sat with Finn on the table closest to the entrance and visibly perked upon your arrival. Finn did the same and started fumbling with some of the equipment assigned to their table. Poe started an apology once you made your way to the table behind them. You stopped him with your palm raised to the front of his face. “Let’s get this straight; firstly, I don't hang out with them willingly. The Solo Triplets follow me wherever I go and ignore all complaints I have against them and their company. Secondly, don't you ever imply that I can't take care of myself. I can protect myself just as well as you or any other person can.” “I know, I know,” Poe nodded enthusiastically. “I didn't mean to say it like that, like you were weak alone. I meant that against those three together, one might not be enough.” He noticed how a frown curled down your face and started to figuratively backpedal. “I meant-” “Poe means,” Finn intercepted. “He means that if you ever get into trouble, we have your back. You won’t be alone in anything.” You gave them a smile, bright despite the little ache in your heart. ‘I'm never really alone.’ “Okay,” The duo visibly deflated, relieved that you thought what they said was acceptable. “Thank you.” Notes: Your schedule: 1st - Algebra 2nd - American Government 3rd - Library Technician Lunch 4th - Economics 5th - English 6th - Physics (Putting this here because I confused myself typing this chapter and messed up. And I forgot how high school schedules work lol) Next chapter will have some of your (reader’s) other friends, cause you totes got more than two. Chapter 3 : Buck Off Summary: You have wonderful friends. Dopheld is a creep. Power trips? Also, about that old quarterback back that keeps getting talked about.. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Thursday came around and you started to think about what Kylo told you 2 days ago. About how people wanted to, um, have sex with you. You never really thought of it much less noticed before. But suddenly, you started to become aware of your fellow peers. You weren't sure if it was just your mind playing tricks and making you overthink everything. But as the day went on and the hours past, you started to notice the stares being sent your way. It was more noticeable when the Solo Triplets weren't around. Perhaps you hadn't noticed it before because you had always assumed that people looked at you as some sort of curiosity due to being the object of the triplets’ obsessions. Occasionally, when you caught someone staring, you stared back. They would sometimes look away as if to deny their actions despite being caught, but most of the time they would smirk and wink. Yup, people were definitely interested in you. Why hadn't you notice this before? By your 3rd class in Library Technicians, you were mulling over theories, all connecting to the triplets somehow. While going through the textbook inventory, you were heavily distracted by this and lost track of the numbers on multiple counts. Statura Leung, your good friend that fortunately shared the class with you, offered to take over and you were utterly grateful. You lingered off in the side, for a moment handing him some of the textbooks to refill the stock before you stopped in thought and unintentionally stared at the male. “(Y/N),” Statura called out and you blinked back into focus. “You're staring again.” You muttered off an apology and pressed the flesh of your palms into your closed eyes. “Just thinking.” “Mm.” Statura wasn't much of a talker. “Hey, can I ask you something?" “Mhm.” “Do you think I'm pretty?” With the grace and composure that you wished you were born with, Statura merely paused and looked your way. His face was pretty monotone save for the slight quirk of confusion on his brows. “As I have said before, I have no interest in acting out romantic or sexual relations, you aren't an exception (Y/N).” “Geez Leung, chill. I wasn't going to ask you out.” “Oh thank god.” There goes his grace. You rolled your eyes. “I just wanted to know because I'm pretty confused. I mean, I’ve always been a little perplexed on why the triplets are so obsessed with me. But then I heard that a lot of people are into me too?” You rubbed your neck and sighed. “And because of that, lately I've been noticing people looking at me weird and I'm not sure if I'm just being paranoid about it.” “Looking at you weird ?” He echoed. “I really don't know to explain it.” He rolled his eyes and started to file in the rest of the numbers for inventory. “Well, to soothe your woes I can say that you are pretty. Anyone with eyes can see why the triplets like you so much. Other people are probably seeing that in you too. Or perhaps they just want to see what has the legendary bad boys of this town simultaneously fawning over one girl.” “I thought their crazed infatuation for me would chase others away.” “Yes, one would think so after what they had done to the quarterback.” “There was more than just him.” You reminded. “Yes, but his punishment outshines the others by comparison. It left quite an impression.” ‘Maybe not enough.’ You thought a little solemnly. You went on your other duties and helped Jessika Pava check out books to students and teachers. She was another friend you were fortunate to have in this class and loved to gossip and was a sucker for witty remarks. She was always pestering you about the Triplets too. “I think it's kinda cool.” Jessika hummed in thought after shoving a few books into designated places. “It’s like having your own personal body guards without having to pay them. Can’t tell you what I'd do to have that.” You groaned. “Please don’t.” She rolled her eyes. “Do you ever get a power trip of some sort?” “What? No.” You answered, still a little confused by her question. “Oh come on, don't tell me you never messed with a teacher because your association with the Solo Triplets would let you get away with it!” You made a soured face and Jessika snorted. That was pretty much the answer she needed. The conversation stopped for a little bit and you were a bit relieved to have some moment of silence save for the beeping of the barcode readers. “Hey, don't look but Dopheld is staring at you. 2 o’ clock.” Jessika whispered. Despite her warning you looked. She smacked your forearm and pulled you to face her quick. “Oh my god, why do you always do that?!” She hissed in a hushed tone. You tried to look back again and she groaned. “He’s coming.” “Oh no.” “What do you think he wants?” “Oh, I don't know,” Jessika made an exaggerated gesture with her hands. “Maybe check out that book he took out right now?” You gave her a hopeful look and she sighed in return. It seemed like she wanted to save you from this oncoming social catastrophe and took the bar code reader from your hand. Dopheld arrived to the front desk with a smile that could've been chalked off for flirty if it had fitted him. It really didn't. Or maybe you were biased. “Looks like you got enough sleep this time.” He winked. Jessika gave you a scandalous little look but you ignored her and instead gave Dopheld a bitter glare. “Or not.” He chuckled and hand Jessika the book. “Say, winter formal is coming up.” “Pass.” You were going to shoot this dude down as fast as the universe could let you. “I hate those kind of school events.” “Haha, same.” Oh no, you weren't going to be able to get rid of him so soon. “But Phasma is throwing a party for that day, kinda like an anti-winter formal. I thought of maybe taking you, I mean, unless your three boyfriends still have dibs on you.” You bristled. “They're not my boyfriends.” “Great, so you’d come!” “Wait no, I’m not-” “Dopheld!” One of the dudes that linger around Kylo at times shouted behind Dopheld. Hux. “Let’s go.” The redhead’s voice was firm and tight, and if you hadn't known any better, you would’ve missed how nervous Dopheld got. The other male mumbled a small goodbye before grabbing his book and shuffled after Hux. You watched them leave and caught the powerful glance Hux sent your way. You weren't sure what it meant but it felt like...a warning? “I’d think you're prettier than Hux.” Statura popped in, startling both you and Jessika. “The guy is kind of an acquired taste. “Geeze Stats, I need to put a bell on you.” Jessika breathed out. “What was that about?” Statura asked. “Yea, what’s going on with you and Dopheld?” “Nothing! The dude is a creep and commented on how cute I snored in class yesterday.” “Gross.” Jessika wrinkled her nose. “He’s persistent too, wouldn't take a hint at all.” “Like a certain trio we all know.” Statura added. You groaned. “ Do I have crazy dude magnet implanted in me or something? This is crap.” “Well on the bright side, it's almost lunch time. Wanna come eat with us or are you going to stay here and bury yourself in your studies again?” She then cuddled close and did this cute little kneading motion on your shoulders like a cat. “We miss you~” Grinning, you quickly gave in. You never really liked eating lunch at school though, the food was always so low quality and had limited variety. Sometimes, the Solo Triplets would leave campus and come back with burgers, sandwiches, or fresh pizza. Not this time. As you lined up to get food, you searched for them, curious to where they might be. And you had to admit, you were in the mood for some outside food. Unfortunately, none of the three brothers were to be seen. So, lunch for that day was cold pizza and chocolate pudding cups. “The only good thing ever to be served here.” You muttered as you placed the tray down and sat in your seat. Statura and Jessika joined soon after you pushed the pizza aside and started shoveling the pudding down. Just as the cup was finished, three more pudding cups clattered on the tabletop. Your heart leapt and for a quick moment you thought it was the Solo boys and turned a little too eagerly. “Told you pudding cups are the way to her heart.” Poe laughed. The elation managed to remain still on your face despite the strike of disappointment you felt at your heart. You thanked them wholly and returned to the task of eating. “Where’s Maz?” Jessika asked. “She’s giving some tutoring sessions to Rey.” Poe replied. Finn fumbled with his pizza at the mentioning of her name. “The valedictorian?” “Yea, a.k.a (Y/N)’s rival.” Poe joked. You rolled your eyes. Valedictorian status wasn't really ever your goal. Besides, like they've mentioned multiple time before, you were a B student. Your GPA never got high enough to ever touch the satisfactory level and Rey had made it ever more difficult for anyone else with how hard she worked and studious she was. “At least (Y/N) has friends, Rey studies so fucking hard that she has none.” Jessika pitied. Poe frowned. “I thought it was because she’s somehow related to the Solo’s that no one wants to gets near her?” Statura scoffed. “That’s a poor theory Poe.” “If that were true, the same would go for our darling friend here, and we're living evidence against that.” Jessika pointed out. “And add Dopheld in as a person who won't stay away,” You sighed. “The guy tried to get me to go to a party with him earlier.” Poe’s frown further deepened, almost into a scowl. “Dopheld?” “Speak of the devil.” Finn gestured and you looked over your shoulder to see the said devil strolling towards the table. “And he shall appear.” You mumbled just as he arrived and literally squeezed himself into the space between you and Finn. Finn scowled. “Hey you ass-” “So about Phasma’s party.” Dopheld intercepted Finn loud enough to effectively cut him off. You grimaced and leaned towards Poe to get as much distance from the other male. “What about it?” You didn't bother to grace him with eye contact. “I should get your number, so I can text you about it-” “She’s not going with you.” Poe stated firmly. Dopheld glowered and Poe shot his own dirty look. “Look, jock , you aren't her boyfriend so you should learn to mind your own business-” “She my friend and you should learn how to take a hint.” “Poe I can talk for myself.” You insisted before referring to Dopheld. “And I'm not going to the party, I got better things to do.” “You can't seriously be busy with the Solo-” A full paper bag from the local sandwich shop plopped onto the center of the table. A large figure slowly leaned into the already small space between you and Dopheld and you didn't have to see his face to see who it was. “Dopheld Mitaka.” Kylo’s voice was dark and full of threat with only just two words. You searched around and saw Matt and Ben at both of his sides. Seconds felt stretched out into minutes and the tension crossed from your group to beyond the cafeteria. All eyes were on the table. “Getting along with the bucks?” Ben sneered. Everyone on the table gave Dopheld a pointed look and he gulped. “Yea, just asked the jocks if they wanted to celebrate their perfect gameplan at Phasma’s party.” He was sly, you'd give him that though the three brothers didn't believe him. Kylo was facing away but you could feel the glare he was torturing Dopheld with. “I think Hux is calling you.” Ben’s voice was cold as his eyes. “Come on.” At last, Kylo leaned out of the way, allowing Dopheld to get up and you to catch the glimpse of fear in his eyes. Ben stepped in and blocked the view, the coldness in his eyes melted clean and replaced with his usual seductive smile. “Your usual, princess.” He gestured to the paper bag at the table's center. “See ya.” Ben ruffled your hair and you batted his hand away by reflex. You watched the trio walk away, Dopheld out of sight. “Holy shit.” Finn exhaled in relief “Did that really just happened?” Jessika squeaked. “They're gonna fuck him up, I just know it!” Finn freaked. “I freaking told you Poe, no one fucks with her.” You frowned. “Dude, Finn, you're exaggerating.” “The old quarterback would disagree!” “Well none of us are the old quarterback.” Poe wrapped a sure arm around your shoulders. “She’s our friend and we’d also fight anyone who messes with any of us.” “Agree.” Jessika nodded. “I was like a few seconds away from shoving him off his seat. Did you see how he just came up in here like he owned the place and shove Finn back? What a douche!” “Yea yea, she's our cinnamon roll and we'll beat people up for her and such.” Finn drawled. “Are you gonna let us have a piece of what they got you- Are you crying?” “You guys are such great friends.” You sniffled and wiped your nose on your sleeve. “I don't deserve you guys.” “Awe,” Poe squeezed your shoulder, hugging you. “Anybody deserves a good group of friends.” When you recovered from lunch, you realized how odd it was that the Solo Triplets didn't insist on hanging around. You thought perhaps it was true that they were going to beat up Dopheld and went off to do so. That possibility however, died in your head a bit before the said man was sauntering down the hall, safe and unharmed. He even had the nerve to wink at you. You ignored him of course. Perhaps, the boys took what you said last time into consideration (that you had a hard time holding on to your friends because the triplets would scare them away). Maybe that was their way of acknowledging the troubles they gave you, then this was their attempt to try and resolve it. Either way, their efforts were appreciated. Just as you arrived to your locker, you made a mental note to bring it up to them the next time they were around. From your locker, you grabbed books for the next upcoming classes. Amongst your stuff laid a random piece of paper with some chicken scratch scrawled on it. ‘Are these suppose to be words?’ You squinted and realized they were numbers. ‘No way-’ You tried to read over the paper for more clues to who the hell would slip their phone number into your locker. On one side, all you read was a mess of numbers mushed together. Then you flipped it around and saw a name in equally horrible penmanship. ‘Dopheld Mitaka.’ The scrap paper crinkled in your tight grip. ‘Dopheld fucking Mitaka.’ You didn't know what it was about Dopheld but he put you off in a way worse than the triplets. Despite being just as persistent as the three brothers, there was something about him that unsettled you. Unlike the Solo Triplets, you were uncomfortable with Dopheld’s pursuit for your attention. It didn't help that he was always there, somewhere amongst the crowd or class of students, winking at you. It felt ridiculous to be so worried over such a seemingly insignificant thing. It was stupid. So what if some new dude comes along with the hots for you? It's no different than dealing with the Solo Triplets. If anything, it was much more tame compared to the notoriously unruly brothers. You've handled worse, they were worse. But why does this guy feel much more different? There was no honeyed pool of warmth in your gut for this man, but a taut corkscrew of dread and discomfort. Every time you noticed him looking your way it sent your skin crawling. At some points, you wanted the triplets to notice. The extent of their possessiveness over you should cause them to snap at Dopheld. Maybe they could smack him around, knock some sense into him and- What were you thinking ? You shouldn't do that no matter how obnoxious the other male was. “He’s just some prick.” You crumpled the paper up and tossed it over your shoulder. “I can handle him myself.” With just three classes left, the rest of the day felt longer than it should have. Most of the time you spent trying to dodge Dopheld’s confrontations by hiding yourself amongst your friends or huddling in between the three Solo brothers. There was no avoiding him in English but he at least had the common sense to reserve himself around Kylo. Regardless of the male’s efforts, the eldest brother still noticed the discomfort you had towards the Dopheld. While you were working on homework from other classes, Kylo leaned over from his seat and into your space. Focus turned over to his towering form. What’s with these brothers? Like them,even sitting he was still so large… “Is he bothering you?” Kylo’s hot breath fanned over your cheek. You gave him a silent shake of the head but he obviously didn't believe you. His jaw was clenched tight but the rest of his face was practically expressionless. Kylo stared at you before glancing over his shoulder to where Mitaka sat - whom abruptly looked away as he was caught staring. “What are you going to do?” You whispered. Kylo’s attention is returned to you at the question. He gave a second to calculate his thoughts.“I was thinking of giving him a little scare.” “Like beat him up?” “Would you like me too?” A small spark of excitement lit up his eyes. Were you to grant him permission? “No.” Kylo sighed and leaned back, not before shooting another of Dopheld’s gaze down with a harsh glare. English, the passing period in between and Physics was the most break you've gotten from Dopheld and you spent most of it mulling over ways to tell him to fuck off. By the time school was done, you thought up a decent plan to just straight up tell him off. After Physics class was done, Poe and Finn already left to off season practice so you were left alone to your own devices. The rest of your friends were handling other after-school curriculums and you had no idea where the Solo boys were. Essentially, you were alone to walk the halls amongst the crowd of students leaving the campus. Alone to face Dopheld whom was heading towards you. You halted in place as thoughts to confront him started backpedaling. For some reason, you panicked and tossed all plans out the metaphorical window. You tried to backup but other students kept getting in your way as Dopheld grew dangerously close. “(Y/N)!” He called out with grin. His hand shot out to catch your shoulder and your stomach lurched under his touch. “Don't touch me.” The words felt weak from your mouth as you shrugged off his hand. “Tsk, I just want to talk to you about Phasma’s Party.” He crowded your space until you were backed against the lockers. “You got my number, right?” “I'm not going.” You managed to make your voice firm that time despite the harshness of his narrowing eyes. “Your little boy toys got you in a twist or something?” Dopheld sneered. “And here I thought it was you who had them on a leash.” “This has nothing to do with them.” “What else could it possibly be?” Then it was as if realization visibly dawned him. “You think I'm not good enough for you? You're just a dumb little girl too greedy to just have one, so why not have three fucking men hound you, right?” “What?” You snarled. “Ha! I found you out.” His face twisted into a disgustingly cruel smirk. “Well, if you were a glutton for cock, I could set you up for a nice gangbang that'll be right up your alley-” The slap you sent across his face resonated in the halls, hushed the shuffles of the crowding students and drew their attention towards you. The sound still rung in your ears and your palm stung from the painful force of the hit. You had slapped him pretty hard, it showed once Dopheld swung his head back to you. His cheek was flared scarlet where you damaged him and his nostrils flared. Dopheld was fumimg inches from your face yet you didn't care. You were glad to piss him off but you wanted him distressed over the regret of his action, apologetic and begging for your mercy. The current Dopheld, however, was far from that. “You think you can act however you want because you have those little guard dogs tailing after you!” He snapped and yanked you by the hair. You snarled vicious profanity and tried to pry from his grip, failing before you resorted to scratching his face. For a moment, you were a mere fawn cornered by this conniving fox and thought to call out for help. The threat of fear seized up in your chest and flushed out the anger from earlier. His hand rose to strike you but never fell. A strong hand gripped Dopheld’s smaller wrist and panic drained the aggression from his twisted face. Behind him towered a dreadful mass that promised the threat of mutilation. “Mitaka.” Kylo’s voice dripped pure menace and you shuddered under the sound of it. “Looks like someone doesn't get the memo.” His heavy hand snaked around Dopheld’s neck and easily yanked the small man away before slamming him against the lockers next to you. You immediately stumbled away, unknowingly into the sure arms of Ben with Matt stepping forth as a shield. Your eyes flickered between the hostile manner in how the triplets held themselves to the manic smirk contrasting the fear tinged in Dopheld’s eyes. Kylo’s hand tightened upon the curl of his enemy’s mouth and his captive croaked a pathetic cough. “Are you trying to scare me?” Dopheld wheezed. “I'm not scared of getting hurt.” “There are worse things than just getting ‘hurt’, but I could start with that.” With the hand not gripping his neck, Kylo seized the appendage that had dared to disrespect you and simply snapped the fingers one by one like mere twigs under his mighty grip. “That, is for laying your filthy hand on whom is mine and my brothers.” Dopheld wailed in pain, a mix between agony and frustration as he flailed against the never wavering hold on his neck. “I should gouge your tongue out next for what you’ve said. Perhaps that should teach you and everyone else here a lesson because it seems that no one remembers last time.” Kylo snarled, his voice deep and startling. Another snap echoed the empty space as Kylo broke the bones of his victim’s wrist and you looked on, unsure if it was fascination what kept you so enraptured over the scene. “Should we grace you with a reminder?” Ben withdrew from his place behind you and step in place next to Kylo, Matt joining soon after. They don't glance back your way but you can observe the malicious intent in the fury of their eyes. With Matt no longer obscuring your view, you had the better chance to take in the sight of the students circling the scene. There were hushed whispers wondering where were the adults or that someone should call the police. Among them, you saw the not so fabled victim of the triplet’s wrath; Rodinon, the infamous ex-quarterback. Rodinon’s stocked face was strained rigid with poorly contained rage, his hands clenched white and large frame quivered under the tension of stifling his fury. This incident ahead of him must be a taunt, a reminder of how he was wronged. Another rattle from the metal lockers and your focus was brought back to the center where Kylo rammed Dopheld’s head over the metal surface before he tossed him to the floor. With one abled hand, Dopheld scrambled across the linoleum tiles before Ben halted him with a foot forced down on his chest. “Should we start with your ribs?” Ben jested cruelly. “We’re trying to refresh the memory of last time, right? Maybe we should go over each and every broken bone and bruised flesh.” Matt offered before he briefly turned his head to face a certain spot in the crowd. “Step by step, right Rodinon?” The said man flinched, his brows scrunched together in a gnarled scowl. As Matt’s attention was returned to Dopheld right along his brother's, the ex-quarterback’s menacing eyes switched and you saw the revulsion targeted your way. He blamed you for this, you knew it. You were the reason the Solo boys attacked Rodinon, because he had dared to disrespect you and the men captivated by your existence had no tolerance of his attempt to degrade you. That was a clear memory, he was dragged before you, already bloodied and bruised with further punishment ahead of him. In your name, they broke his wrist, fractured the bones in his calve, and bent his arm until it snapped and he was begging for mercy - your mercy. At the time you had cried for them to stop. Horrified and scared for the teenager’s safety, you hadn't cared for what he said about you. In spite of what you felt in the past, now, you felt almost bold to watch Dopheld wither in pain. Brief, sadistic thoughts streaked your mind. ‘ This is what he gets for touching me .’ The memory of what he said made you angry and disgusted again but the feelings were snuffed out by satisfaction. As his face bloodied under Ben’s fist a sense of vengeance felt as if it were fulfilled. By the time their point was taken across, staffs were shouting and wrestling their way through the crowd. Somehow Poe and Finn had gotten to you while the football coach started to tug Ben’s forceful body off Dopheld. “Take her home.” Matt ordered your friends before a school staff tried to drag him away. Poe and Finn made their share of complaints that they only planned to do so because you're their friend, not because Matt ordered them too. While walking to Finn’s old Honda civic, you kept a hand to your still drumming heart. What you had witness still rattled you and never had you ever felt anything like it. The brute strength, raw emotions, and cruel tones of their seething hot voice- it was intoxicating. And all of that, it was for you… You now understood what Jessika had meant about power trips. Notes: I never understood how people can update on the week of holidays. Everything is crazy. Also, this chapter was EXTRA long so I had to cut it off into the next chapter. Next chapter will come soon ;) Chapter 4 : Oh Darling Deer Summary: Your friends make some decisions and it's time for you make one of your own. This time, not in the image of another's happiness. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) That night, music started pouring into your bedroom window as you tried to bury yourself in a study session. It sounded like it was coming from your front yard and you frowned after looking at the time. It was past nine on a school night, there shouldn't be any partying going on. Who would party on a Thursday night? Curious and annoyed, you shoved yourself away from your desk with a groan and towards your bedroom window. Down below were three goofballs , singing along to the blaring music in a clumsy serenade. Matt and Ben fumbled around in a mock dance, laughing and singing the lyrics as Kylo stood back with the boom box high on his raised hands. His face was solid yet there was a wild, fiery shine in his eyes. Were they drunk ? You slam your window open and stuck your head out. “What are you fools doing?” You hissed. “You can't throw a drunken dance scene on my front yard!” “Will the backyard be okay?” Ben asked, loud . “Shh! No, you guys are gonna get me in trouble!” “Your parents aren't home.” Matt pointed out. “And your neighbors won't call the police, if they know what's good for them.” Kylo finished. “Guys, I need to study…” “You're always studying.” Matt frowned. “But never really living.” Kylo placed the still playing boom box down on the grass. A scowl settled on your face. “I do have a life.” “But not the one you want.” Kylo countered “The one you see, is it really what you want?” Ben shouted and you hissed for him to quiet down. “You spend all your time trying to keep everyone else happy but yourself.” “But we see you,” Matt said. “And we know what you want.” “We can give you that, (Y/N).” It had sound so promising from Kylo’s mouth. “We can make you happy.” “You don't know that.” It felt like a lie, as if you were delusional. Why would they know? How can they make you happy and why did they say so? Surely they were still driven by their infatuations for you and spouting out empty assurances that was only meant to make your heart yearn for them. Their loving words, strung together from their observances and fixations of you...it should have meant nothing to you. It shouldn't have made your heart stutter or your thoughts backtrack to the possibility of choosing them. It shouldn't make you look back at the path of their future with the murky haze in the distance. But there you were, as you looked down at the three men that were so deeply enthralled with you, the focus on the future with success derailed. You wanted to become a fool for them as much as they were for you. “Of course we do. We know you.” Matt’s eyes had a lively flare, just like Kylo’s you noticed. They seemed different than you’ve seen them at school. Almost wild and free, and under the full moon’s silvery light they seemed nearly out of this world. The dazed thoughts weaving through your mind halted when a loud clattering noise startled you. Across from your house, your elderly neighbor had slammed his window open and started glaring down at the three brothers. Ben cracked a feral grin and raised his arms up in a challenge to the elder. The old man didn't take it, instead he looked to you and shook his head. You felt a little guilty as he shut his window. “We want you (Y/N)!” Ben cackled. You shook your head but gave a short chuckle at his fierce behavior. “You're all crazy.” The humor laced into your voice seemed to have egg them on, because they grew more rowdy, insisting the validity of their feelings and thoughts for you. They shouted sweet praises and tried to persuade you to join them; to sink into the heat of their warm love and riveting embrace. They told you how they wanted to hold you, take you away from your ‘herd’ and make you like them. You’d run with their pack and no one would hurt you, not when you'd have them. Under the everlasting moon, full or new, they were fearsome and the triplets said you should be as well. “You deserve to be happy!” Kylo howled at one point, frustrated as if that kind of justice has never been bestowed upon you. “You need to be happy.” It had started to get late, your parents would be coming soon from their shift. It was the only night that they were scheduled to leave night shift early out of the rest of the late night schedule. “You guys need to go now.” You sadly told them. “Think of us, my deer!” Ben shouted. With a light giggle you whispered, “I will.” The Solo boys faded away into the distance, melded into the night like they belonged there. You wanted that, and after you put away your studies and readied for sleep, the desire persisted. Sleep evaded you for a long moment, fantasy fueled thoughts kept company until those enticing notions drifted you to sleep and bled into your dreams. You woke up bitter in spite of the good amount of sleep you received. Discontent teethed your mind as you went through the motions of your morning routine. You were still thinking things over, with what you want in your future and what the triplets said the other night. Were you really happy? Not really. You grew up trying to make your parents happy because it was easier having them that way. If you ever did upset them, it fell upon you. So naturally you made attempts to appease them, even if it drained you. That standpoint persisted as you grew out of your childhood, always tried to make them happy because it made things easier, and you eventually mistook their good moods as a link to your own happiness. Eventually, the outlook you had towards your parents bled into other parts of your life; friends, school, even the townspeople. You thought making everyone happy would make living your life easier and in turn would make you happy. That was wrong however, the Solo brothers saw that. They saw that it wasn't the kind of life you should go on with, taking every piece of you to make others comfortable and never thinking on how to make yourself happy. You also wanted to stop setting yourself on fire to keep others warm however facing the disappointment from those around you wasn't what you wanted either. Eventually, the thought to just swallow down your misery started in your head as you walked out the house. The risks of your future and the relationship with your parents just seemed too heavy to be dealt with. Regardless of how tempting and promising the triplets were, there was still the matter of how undetermined their future seemed. How could Kylo, Ben or Matt truly keep you happy if there wasn't even a goal in their path? As you crossed the front of your neighbor’s lawn, the elder from last night called for your attention. There was a thought to just keep going and ignore him but you decided to just comply to his request. “Don't you go following those three devils, you hear?” He warned with a shaky finger pointing nowhere. “They’re bad news, listening to satan’s music and wreaking havoc on this town in some god damning cult.” The urge to roll your eyes was never so strong in you before. You just might have an aneurysm listening to the man. “Don't let them drag you down, you're a good kid from what your parents say. Just stay in school, go on and be a doctor so you can make your parents good and honest money, okay dear?” The geezer advised. “Just make everyone happy.” Through the bundling fury in your chest came one thought; ‘What about me?’ Without saying anything, you turned away and continued walking. From behind the old man hollered nonsense about staying away from the temptations of sin that are the Solo boys. The warning never penetrated your frustration charged thoughts. Everybody seemed to want you to conform to some cookie cutter standard of a good kid with equally good grades and you found yourself wanting something different. You wanted happiness not carved in another's image but your own. The walk to school was too brief to burn off the anger simmering in your gut and you didn't bother to hide it as you slammed the locker open and close. “(Y/N)!” Finn called, running through the crowd, all sunshine and lollipops. “I picked the schools I want!” The small frown on your face couldn't be helped. “Already?” “Yea! I'm either going to UCF or FIU!” You felt a small twist of pain in your chest. “Florida?” Finn confirmed with an enthusiastic nodded before excitedly going over his financial and educational plans. While he gushed with joy, you half heartedly listened, slightly crushed by the news. One of your best friends was leaving out of state after graduation and who knew when you might see him again afterwards. There was no Dopheld to bother you but he was the least of your problems. As the day went on, more of your friends started talking about plans after highschool. They’ve all decided for the most part with the overall conclusion that everyone was not staying in California. Maz was going to New York, Poe and Jessika wanted to join the Air Force, while Statura chose the Navy. Everyone was already dead set on their choices and were raving about their plans for the future during passing period. When it came to you, the answer was timid and unsure. You’ve said that you were thinking of possibly going to UCSF or whatever; just something in-state. The hard fact now was that you were the only one staying and all your friends were leaving. It made you sick with anxiety but somehow had managed to stifle down the bubbling panic in your gut and saved it for later. You had pretend that you were glad for your friends’ decisions, this was an important part of their lives and you couldn’t be the one to bring them down. By English class, the facade was put away and you curled your head into the cross of your arms. But of course, you were never really alone. Beside you sat Kylo and it was hard to ignore him looming despite being fully seated at his desk. You peeked at him and surely enough, he was staring. With a roll of your eyes, you settled back into your arms, the mood from yesterday completely soured after the terrible morning you've had. ‘We could make you happy.’ The words suddenly echoed in your head. Mentally, you reached out to fan away that echoing thought yet for some reason, you stopped. Instead you immersed yourself in the weirdly comforting assurances. The words from last night lulled you into foolish imaginations of what future they could possibly give you, if it would truly be happy. While your friends would be off chasing the futures they seek, you’d be there with the Solo brothers in the town between the forests. They’d love you like no other and let you choose a happiness that is truly your own. In that town, with them, you would never have to worry about loneliness. After all your friends leave you, the three men will remain by your side. As the boys escorted you to the next class, you let yourself lean into the brief touches they’d grace. You paid no mind to any other but them at the moment. Not the fearful students nor your concerned friends as you entered Physics class. They made their decisions and it was time for you to work on yours. School was soon over and students were released to enjoy the rest of their Friday. Poe and Finn didn't have off-season practice so they offered you a ride home. You accepted and while crossing the parking lot, you caught sight of Ben’s cadillac with none of the brothers in sight. A brash decision flew threw your mind and you sneaked towards it while fumbling a pencil and scrap paper out of your bag. With the paper pressed against the window, you scribbled down your cell number. Just as Poe started calling your name you slipped it under the windshield wiper and ran back to meet him. “What was that about?” Poe asked, frowning. He’s been doing that alot lately. “Uh, just trolling them.” You lied. His mouth upturned further from worry. “Don't push your luck too far with them.” You half heartedly nodded your head and took a seat in the back. As if you’d tell anyone you made the choice to give in to Kylo, Ben and Matt’s desires for you. That evening, Ben was the first to text. He had sent a winky face followed by several other emoticons that implied sexual innuendos. You ignored him. Then came Matt’s text. “Hey :) .” As simple as that. To him, you replied with your own greeting and mirrored the smiley face before Kylo’s text came in; a group text including the two brothers. “Why did you give us your number all of a sudden?” He started. You frowned, not knowing how exactly to word it out. It took you over a few minutes to compile a proper answer to his question. “I want to take you guys up on that offer from last night. ” “What offer?” Kylo sent back. Was he playing with you? You scowled and typed in the reply a little too harshly. “ You claim that you guys can make me happy. Do it .” “ O darlin deer, that wasn't an offer .” Ben’s message made your stomach sink. Had they really not meant what they said? “ It was a promise .” Kylo finished. The relieved sigh that escaped you couldn't be helped and you cursed Ben for making you panic like that. Another text from Ben. “ So whatchu wearin bby ?” Matt: “ ¬_¬ ” Ben: “ Dnt say that u rnt thinkin the same thing Matty ” He followed his text with more lewd emoticons and you snorted. Kylo didn't text much after that having stated that he didn't like to text. So Ben and Matt kept you the most company, flirting as each of you took turns talking about yourselves. None of you really spoke about anything else from Thursday, and you don't think to do so amongst their sweet words and charming phrases. Notes: Aaaahhhhhh all these kudos and comments! Thank you so much, you guys are so encouraging! Little things like a simple comment or kudos really goes a long way for me :'D Haaa this was quite short since it was a cut off from the previous chapter. There's also not much going on. Next chapter will have more stuff though! But it may take a while for me to finish it because it's seriously a lot haha. Chapter 5 : Deer in the Headlights Summary: Promises can get broken if it's in the hands of fate. Notes: I just realized I misspelled Dopheld in the other chapters...time for me to fix that haha Trigger warning for not so graphic depictions of animal gore. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Dopheld Mitaka was missing. At first, you thought nothing of it. After that Friday, the weekend was spent texting the triplets nonstop, the dialogues mostly consisting of flirting and teenage nonsense. When you weren't studying, time was spent with friends eating an all day breakfast at the town's diner or hanging out near the deserted riverbank, all the while kept in touch with the Solo boys via text. When Monday rolled in, there was already talk about Dopheld’s absence. Talk of it went over your head at first until it got caught amongst your friends. First day in and people started to claim that the teenager must’ve been sent to the hospital after getting beaten up by the triplets for a second time. A second fight wasn't confirmed however since no one saw it, so it was a theory. Plus, no one was exactly close to Dopheld to actually confirm what caused his absence. You couldn't care less and spent the rest of the day as if it were the usual. Then another day passed with the male’s absence. And another, with more and more following. With each of those passing days, talk of his disappearance escalated. You grew nervous with the accumulating speculations, even more so when you hear your own name amongst the whispers of the triplets. People pointed invisible fingers their way and thought they were somehow responsible for Dopheld’s lack of attendance to school. People grew anxious, you did too. You end school that Friday feeling paranoid that everyone was watching you. Your friends assured that everything was okay but to stay away from the Solo Triplets. More than ever, they were afraid too. No one has ever disappeared so suspiciously after being confronted by the triplets like that. You tried to hope that best case scenario, Dopheld was in the hospital after getting jumped by the Solo’s for the second time after all. But you could only hold onto that possibility for so long before time and reality proved that wrong. “Are you scared of us?” Kylo asked, retching you out of your thoughts and back to the present. After a few blinks you realized you were still standing in front of your opened locker before slamming it closed. Kylo called your name, voice stern and demanding for an answer. “No.” You tried to reassure him. You weren't like the others who feared him and his brothers. But there sharp twinge of doubt in your gut. You weren't sure and Kylo saw that in you too. There was the recognition of it in his dark eyes and despite the voided emotions, you thought he might snap at you. His brows tightened together and jaw clenched as he looked away from you. “Kylo…” You trailed off for the lack of words. As your mind fumbled for the proper words, you looked on helplessly at Kylo’s rigid form fading away from your sight. You gnawed at your lips and dug out your cell to text Matt. “I think I pissed Kylo off. ” Matt: “ What happened? Are you okay? Where are you? :o ” Within a few minutes of texting him your location at your locker, Matt was at your side with Ben in tow. You explained to him the sudden situation with Kylo and noticed the unpleasant slight of their lips. “Are you afraid of us though?” Matt asked. “Not of you guys.” You specified. “But…?” Ben trailed as if he knew there was more to it. And there was. “I'm scared of what other people are saying about you guys.” Ben scoffed, “Fuck ‘em.” “You guys could get in trouble, more than you have before.” “It won’t be the first time, deer.” Matt sighed. “ But , say if we were concerned over the vapid gossips of simple sheep, what would we do?” You groaned, not knowing the answer. They knew and touched you sympathetically. “It's okay, we'll handle whatever gets thrown our way.” Ben assured. They started to escort you through school to where you usually waited for your friends on the outside bleachers. The weather wasn't too cold that day for winter but the two boys still huddle close to you. Too distracted to do homework, you texted out an apology for Kylo and juggled the words around a bit before it was sent. The reply came minutes later. “Say it to my face.” You read it out. Ben and Matt scoffed and you sank further into the hotness of their bodies. You're still distracted by your thoughts and started to twitch as your mind began to fill to the cusp with questions. “So…” You started stupidly. “You guys really don't know what happen to Dopheld?” Matt shrugged. “What ever happened to him in the end is a mystery to us.” It felt as if there was more to that answer though. A whole week and a half passed after Dopheld’s first absence and it was confirmed that he was missing. The local sheriff started asking around and all fingers were pointed at you and the triplets. When the sheriff confronted you Tuesday after school asking if you knew anything, you panicked and only confessed what you knew. You hadn't blamed the Solo boys like the others did, but you still felt somehow at fault when the Sheriff brought them down to the station in handcuffs. They later texted you that it was nothing, assured that the handcuffs were only for show and the sheriff only took them in for questioning, no charges were pressed. It wasn't as reassuring as they had hoped. With winter formal around the corner, it did nothing to distract students from talking about the recent news. A search for Dopheld was issued by the town’s law enforcement and there was a search through his house. Apparently, the police weren't the first to go through his things. The Solo boys did you the favor of keeping their distance while on campus and kept all contact minimal to the classroom interactions along with texting. This was their way of trying to keep the overwhelming attention off of you and in a way, it worked. Students were more worried over the triplets so constant tabs of their location was circled around, some in avoidance while others just kept watch. A thought that after all this no one would even think of bothering you, but that Wednesday morning proved you wrong. As you made the routine task of gathering textbooks from the your locker, a stack of photos laid waiting there for you. In shadows of the shaded locker, a faint grotesque image could be made from the prints and panic bloomed in your chest before bile lurched from your stomach. By some miracle, you managed to will yourself from vomiting, but the panic grew into your lungs as you began to hyperventilate. The gore of mutilated deers and beheaded fawns brand into your eyes and even as you blinked the carnage remained. The burning threat of nausea surged back as you choked up a sob and with shaking fingers, you clattered the locker closed. ‘Who would do this?’ With a hand pressed to your mouth, you glanced around. For a moment, you hadn't recognized anyone suspicious or guilty looking and fallen into the thought that this was a random yet cruel prank. But as the crowd continued to shuffle about, lessening as students withdrew to their classes, an undeniable figure was revealed. A few yards away limped Rodinon, his pace slowed compared to the surrounding bodies due to the break in his leg that didn't heal right. Suddenly anger consumed the sickened nausea like a merciless wild fire. The burning threat of bile disappeared as the flaring rage took its place in your chest. You felt hot from the searing outrage within you and for the past three classes it laid simmering in you, waiting to boil over. Upon lunch time, you caught sight of him sitting alone at one of the farther tables. It was an optimal setting, and with the disgusting pictures in your bag, you made way to confront him. Rodinon appeared displeased to see you settling into the seat across from him and sent his harshest glare, one that you mirrored perfectly to mock him. As he started to gather his tray, you slapped the stack of pictures in front of him. He paused and you caught the slightest hint of a smirk. “So it was you.” The miniscule smirk faded away at your accusation. “You’re pretty sick you know, I was trying to eat in peace and here you are showing me some fucked up shit.” He wrinkled his nose at you. “Are you some gore fetishist or something?" You almost retched. “ God you're fucking disgusting!” Rodinon tossed a used paper over the photos and it rolled to you as he stood up. “I'm done here.” “Does this have to do with Dopheld?” You didn't even have the chance to point at the photos before he was leaning over the tabletop and sneering in your face. “This has to do with everything.” He snarled. “Dopheld, me- I could give you a list of everyone that has been hurt on your account!” “You have a childish way of handling this then.” The photos were back in your hands until you smacked them onto his chest. “You don't know what you're doing and I suggest that you stop before-” “Before what? You gonna sick the mutts on me?” The photos flutter back onto the table as Rodinon’s face grew pink. “I can deal with you fine by myself.” The ex-footballer had the nerve to guffaw right in your face, it took every fiber of your being not to smack the red out of his face and hair. “I think the Solos have been spoiling you rotten.” He sneered. “It's high time that someone puts you in your place and teach that you are nothing without Kylo and his brothers.” Sure enough, it was a threat. As Rodinon left with his tray in hand, you let him since you had nothing else to say. He gave the answer you needed and now there left the issue of how to handle him. With a heavy sigh and oncoming headache, you ripped the photos into indecipherable shreds before tossing them into the local bin. You looked over to the table where your friends occupy and observed their quick glances of curiosity before you caught sight of a trio far past them. The brothers were too far to specifically discern their expressions but from what you’ve assumed they witnessed, it couldn't be good. Obviously, they didn't have to be within hearing distance to know that something was up with Rodinon. The man was sneering in your face and it didn't take much adding up to know that he was a problem. Anyways, if they wanted, the Solo Triplets could just simply pry it out of him if they needed to know the situation. With a nervous clench on your heart, you didn't return to the table of friends. Instead, you retreated to the library in belief that there you may find peace. Unfortunately, things weren't in your favor that day and the school librarian came to you with a desperate request to act as his errand girl. “Please kiddo, if I leave my lunch, Snertchz is going to devour my food.” He made a subtle gesture towards the petite staff lady who was famous among the campus workers for eating other’s lunches. You scowled. “Just take it with you when you deliver the books.” “My lunch will be over by then!” He whined and you groaned back. Much to his delight, you eventually gave in and demanded the details of your task. It was a simple one, the coach requested a few extra Health and Fitness textbooks to his office in the locker rooms. “The man sounds really sick, so watch out because it’s flu season right now.” With that in mind, you left the library with the requested textbooks in hand. The school grounds was a decent size, so the travel wasn't particularly far but it was tedious enough to complain to your librarian later on. Not many students lingered around the area during lunch time and you expected no hold ups on the way to the coach’s office. But once you entered the locker room, your expectations were dashed as a gut wrenching force plummeted into your stomach and stole the air from your lungs. The textbooks clatter to the floor, long forgotten as you staggered back with a heaving breath struggled to pull the air back in before the assailant shoved you against the closed door. You attempted a frightened yelp but a hand covered your mouth and muffled the cry down to a sob. While flailing under the unyielding restriction, you caught full sight of your attacker and immediately snarled in anger. Rodinon , that fucker . He must've faked the coach’s voice to the librarian and set this whole thing up to attack you. “You're so damn quick to run your mouth and release the hounds on me, aren't you? No surprise there.” He seethed, his forearm pressing down mercilessly across your throat, pinning you to the door. You would have been confused by his accusation if you weren't suffocating for that moment. “If the wolves are gonna put me down, I'm putting you down with me!” Rodinon’s arm allowed his free hand to snake around your throat and squeezed like a vice. The pulse of your blood gushed in your ears as the lightheaded feeling pooled in your skull. You choked out a vicious snarl, threw your hands out and dragged your nails into angry lines across his red face. He yowled but it wasn't enough for him to let go. Instead the pressure increased and your lungs burned . Rodinon’s fury shaken face blurred and last you could comprehend was the sadistic gleam in his eyes. “I told you,” sneered Rodinon. “You are nothing without those damn monsters-” A sickening ‘ thwack ’ from a baseball bat meeting his skull echoed the lockers. Rodinon fell with the force of the hit, releasing you from his grip and into the safety of a familiar embrace. You wheezed, lungs refilling with stale locker air - a sweet relief nonetheless as you greedily gasped it down. Upon recovery you were then able to fully register your saviors; Kylo, Ben, and Matt - as expected. With you in the safety of Kylo’s arms, Matt proceeded to pin Rodinon down as Ben subdued the cowering male in his sinister aura. The bat was tight in his grip, as if the metal would bend under his grip like the mere clay of a child. For a moment, your focus was completely ensnared in the scene before you, anticipation of what Ben might do next tight in your gut until pain bloomed over from Kylo’s concerned caresses. You hissed and pushed his hands away only to draw more worry from the elder brother. Just as Ben raised the bat weapon over his head, intent on landing a deadly strike, Kylo uttered a command to stop in a tone of finality. Ben did so with a vicious upturn of his lip, exposing teeth that looked sharper than you’ve know them to be. “She’s injured.” Kylo explained. “We need to take her to the nurse's office.” At that, Ben was even more livid and looked back at Rodinon’s slightly less frightful form. The brother appeared conflicted and made the motion as if to finish what he intended to start. Instead, the male chucked the bat away, the metallic crash echoing along with his baleful roar of anger. Matt’s eyes mirrored the frustration of his brothers but released your assailant regardless of his obvious disapproval to let him go. But as Rodinon eagerly scrambled to his feet, Ben kneed his gut, sending him to the ground yet again. “We’re not done with you, we’ll deal with you later.” Ben hissed before jabbing his finger into Rodinon’s forehead. “And don't even think that you can run or hide away from us. No matter where you go, we will fucking find you.” At the nurse’s office, the stomach injury that Kylo suspected you to sustain was proven only minor. The nurse had said that if anything, it was superficial with no underlying internal trauma. You were relieved to hear this knowing it wasn't a damage that required a trip to the emergency hospital, even more so when he assured that your parents won't be notified. “You're a tough girl.” He commented before asking who attacked you. The answer you gave was reluctant with the trio of brothers lingering around. “Rodinon.” The nurse looked to his medical assistant with a hum and she scribbled something down. “I assume that the proper measures of punishment will be applied to him.” Kylo voiced in, his demeanor steely. The nurse assured that Rodinon would be taken care of and you suddenly felt an uneasy sense settle in your gut that wasn't the pain from your injury. It felt as if there was a double meaning between Kylo and the school nurse, yet you weren't exactly sure how to feel about it. Aside from the uneasiness, should you feel scared? Relieved? Soon after, Rodinon is gone from sight for the rest of the school day and you tried to pay no mind to it. You did your best to hide the tenderness of your sore stomach while hugging friends after school and later into the evening when you kissed the cheeks of your parents before they departed for work. For a while, none of the Solo brothers texted you. This sidetracked you from the regular routine of studying and all night, you attempted to send your concerns for them through group as well as individual texts. No reply. It's only until much later that night- specifically half past 12- that you received a text from Kylo. If it weren't for the fact that you had set up the notifications for texts on maximum volume, you wouldn't have woken up. But you did, and like the sap you were, you flailed under the covers and snatched it right off the nightstand. Kylo: “I miss you.” Brows furrowing together, you wondered why since you just saw him earlier that day at school. Kylo: “ I want to see you .” What, now ? With a tired sigh, you responded with your concerns of how late and unforgivingly cold that night was. Kylo’s next reply was something you should have expected. “ I'm in the alleyway behind your backyard .” You groaned and after a few minutes of contemplations, you gave in like a true sap. After layering multiple sweaters and stuffing your pajamas clad legs into loose joggers, you met Kylo in the cold with a chunky scarf around your neck. When you step into place next to him out in the alley, the smell of alcohol is what you first noticed. You studied him as he looked you over with his glazed, almond shaped eyes. He doesn't look too drunk… “Have you been drinking?” He shifted from side to side at your question. “Yea.” Kylo leaned his head on the fence but kept his eyes on you, a look of reverence warming his usually cold features. He reached out to you, the action gentle and it felt out of character for him as he tugged at your sweater. A draft of cold air bit into the skin exposed by Kylo’s shifting of your clothes and you smacked at his hand. He stopped but his hand remained, idly thumbing at the fabric before starting to pry away at it again. “It’s cold.” You murmured in complaint. But Kylo was persistent in the odd need to expose your tummy. “I need to see it.” There was a subtle break in his voice and suddenly he seemed just as boyish as his brothers do. No longer did he claim the tough, stone cold countenance of the authoritative elder brother. He looked almost vulnerable in his concerned state, and your heart melted under the softness of his need. You let him pull up the layers of sweaters just enough to see your tender stomach. His gaze, placid from possibly the alcohol, hardened at the expectation of a bruise. Instead, all he saw was your skin dotted with gooseflesh. With his large, warm hand he reached out to soothe your quivering skin. Kylo was fixated over your bare tummy, and despite the heat from his hands, you grew cold as did the insecurity from being stared at for so long. Regardless of how gentle he tried to be, a particular caress over a tender spot made you flinch. You were hardly able to hold back the hushed little hiss and regretted it immediately when Kylo’s expression turned pained. “Kylo-” “We promised you that no one would hurt you when you have us.” His voice was strained, eyes continuing their focus on what little you bared him. The male’s hand skimmed over your belly button, away from the sore spot. “And yet, this still happened.” You try to go on and assure him that everything was okay (a lie, yes, but you figured it was something he would want to hear), yet Kylo intercepted again. “But we will make sure that anyone who dares to harm you won't ever live to do so again.” The utter irrefutability of his words felt heavy, a phrase that was a promise with the dreadful assurance of truth. It dawned you and your mouth went dry at the realization that Dopheld wasn't missing. He was dead and you were sure enough that Rodinon met his same fate at the hands of Kylo and his brothers. Notes: Ohhh my god I love all of you so much <3333 If any of you are wondering why it takes me so long to reply to your comments, I like to read them/reply only when I update this story. I do this because it really motivates and encourages me to work faster just so I can read what you guys think and stuff. Also, reading your comments all at once when I update is like a sweet present to my self. It's like freaking early Christmas day for me everytime and really, y'all are so motivating! I'm squealing with delight, literally, I'm scaring my roommate ^////^ Chapter 6 : Doted Deer Part 1 Summary: You need answers but could it possibly be too much? Notes: Ayyy yooo, sorry that this update took forever. It took felt like that for me too due to numerous circumstances. Trying to finish this chapter during the holiday season was really difficult + I accidentally deleted the document that had all my plot lines for this chapter *cries* It basically triggered some sort of writers block for me and I had a hard time trying to finish it. Sure taught me a lesson to save everything in doubles ;'o Also, this chapter was HELLA LONG (fucking 7k of words yo) . So, I had to split it up. Posting the rest soon. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Come Thursday morning, Rodinon was absent from school, as you had expected. No one else took note of the male’s lack of attendance as they were all still hung up over Dopheld. You wondered how long it would take for their search to switch from looking for him alive to dead. As for Rodinon, you guessed that half way through the next week, students around school would finally take notice. During Algebra, you watched Ben and Matt suspiciously but they didn't appear any more different than they usually were- didn't act as if they committed a murder. And when you saw Kylo during passing period, he seemed to go on as if he hadn't told you what he had that midnight. Or perhaps he believed that you hadn’t known better, as if you couldn't have pieced it all together with his thinly veiled promise. You weren't an idiot though. Once lunch arrived, you forgo joining your friends at the cafeteria and instead stood by the outdoor bleachers right where the fence was bent by the multiple trips made over it. There you waited for the Solo’s to make their way back, a wait that didn't take very long. “So eager for our services my deer?” Ben cooed before hopping the fence after his brothers. “We got some burgers from-” “I know you guys did something to Dopheld and Rodinon.” Ben’s brows rose upon your interruption. “Of course you do.” Matt said as if it were the most obvious thing to say. “You were there to see it. We protected you from-” “That’s not what I meant!” You snapped. “You guys were the ones that made Dopheld and Rodinon disappear.” At that, Matt had the nerve to act oblivious. “Rodinon isn’t missing.” “Not yet.” You admitted. “But they’re more than just missing, right?” There was a pause in the air and you let it hung as Matt and his brothers contemplate their next actions. They weren't crossed or scared, but almost apathetic to your discovery, as if it didn't matter that you knew. Or perhaps they were expecting this. “What happened to Dopheld?” You demanded. “When you said that whatever happened to him in the end was a mystery, were you lying?” Matt sighed and looked to Kylo who returned it with a brief nod, as if granting his young brother permission to tell you. “Dopheld was a sly fox, but against a pack of wolves, his running meant nothing.” “We broke the remaining bones in his body, every piece to make sure there was nothing left of him to keep him afoot and hurt you.” Added Kylo. “But,” Ben joined in. “It wasn't enough, not for us. We knew what he intended, more than you could've thought. So we had to finish Dopheld off.” “He was sick, down to the bone, so he was stripped of his flesh.” You looked to Matt, horrified at the details unfurling before you. “Pried the teeth from his jaws, ground them to dust and bagged his shattered remains to drift down our town’s forgotten river. So yes, in the end, what happened to whatever was left of Dopheld is a mystery to us.” For a moment, you stood there, stiff from shock as your gut made sickening churns from within. The words strung out in your head and settled in with an uncomfortable edge. A bundle of emotions then burst forth, released a surge of energy and heat that somehow transformed into anger. “You idiots!” You snarled, pushing Matt in your frustrations. “Do you have any idea how much trouble this is going to give you? Or how much trouble I will get from this?” “You're not afraid?” Matt asked as if he expected that initial reaction of you. “I'm livid !” Was your anger tinted answer. “Fucking pissed! I’m an accessory to murder!” Ben called your name and you hardly heard him from the blood furiously rushing in your head. “No one is going to get in trouble.” His hand reached out for you and even when you shrugged away his touch, Ben still reached for you until you relaxed under his palms. “We’re untouchable, and so are you. You’re going to be okay.” “But murder isn't the proper way to handle some asshole who tried to hurt me!” “He wasn't going to just hurt you.” Kylo voiced in. “Like Matt said, he was sick .” Just as you were about to express your confusion, Matt quickly went into the explanation. “On the day Dopheld hurt you, we snuck into his house when he was gone. At first we were just going to vandalize his room with a stupid prank to intimidate him, but when we got to his room…” Matt trailed off, his nose wrinkled in evident disgust. “He had all kinds of pictures of you.” Ben finished, his jaw tight even as he spoke. “A lot of them were taken in the lockers. Dopheld wrote things on them, usually your eyes were crossed out or a line across your throat.” A horrible sinking feeling dragged down your gut. You tried to swallow, but your mouth was dry and all you took was air. “What…” “You weren't the only one.” It felt as if Kylo had tried to assure you with that little fact. “He had a journal of some sort, a lot the girls in school were in it and the things he wrote were quite…brutal. When he started writing about you however, he had the all out intention of acting out his thoughts on you.” “He had a plan and everything!” Matt growled and his breath heaved at the thought. “We had to burn it all, to make sure there was even less of a connection between us and that bastard.” Most of the parts started to click by then. They were the ones who ransacked Dopheld’s room before it was searched by the police. And that night, when they stood drunk on your front yard, they must have tried to drink away all that they had done earlier that evening. Was that the same for Kylo last night? It was also possible that the three brothers were so busy handling Rodinon last night that they couldn't have texted you. A dizzying spell buzzed in your head and you pressed a thumb over your temple. “I...I need to sit down.” You murmured and slid down the chain link fence. “And Rodinon? The same with him?” “He’s winding down the river, just the same as the bastard before him.” Matt answered. “No, was he crazy like Dopheld?” Matt shrugged and Ben filled in to answer. “Perhaps less?” You groaned. “You guys don't even know if he was a psychopathic sociopath and you killed him?” “He tried to kill you!” Kylo unexpectedly snapped, arms crossed and expression frustrated as if he couldn't understand why you were upset. Really, you didn't have anything to argue against him. But with morality still tugging at your heart, you thought to persist in your disagreement. “That doesn't justify anything. None of you should continue with this. I can't have you killing off every guy who tries to hurt me-” What was said had been the limit as Kylo was suddenly down in your space, face tight from exasperation. “Then what do you suppose that we do with those who want to hurt you? Stand around and do nothing? Use our words?” His fingers looped into the chain link fence, effectively caging you in his mighty presence. “We are not all bark and no bite, little fawn. Me and my brothers have tried using our words, threatened with our fists and now when it reveals that those mere tactics aren't enough, I am not above killing off those who dare to hurt you.” A scowl twisted into your mouth as you curled further into the metal wiring. “It’s not right.” Kylo gave a sinful chuckle, the sound of it sank into your core and let loose a shudder through you. “You say that, yet your opinions of us have hardly changed.” He leaned in closer and you no longer had any more space to curl away from his nearing presence. “You know we did this for you, that did everything to protect you because we love you.” The beat of your heart started drumming like crazy at his words. Inwardly, you cursed, not knowing why you were suddenly reacting in that way. The boys had verbally admitted their love for you many times before, so why was your heart like this now? “And even after knowing all that me and my brothers done, you aren’t afraid and we know it.” Satisfaction edged his smug smile as he leaned closer. Your stomach flipped at his nearing proximity until his cheek merely grazed yours. Kylo nuzzled into the curve of your neck, inhaling your scent and you sat there stiff. “You want us.” A flush of what you could only describe as the embarrassment of him calling your feelings out consumed your body and heated your face. You squirmed in the discomfort, attempting to look anywhere but the invasive gazes of Ben and Matt. The two stared at you as if to pry into your very being and unravel the notions that kept you together, to reveal what you truly thought. “I am afraid.” You struggled out. “I’m afraid of what people will think once they link the two missing students to us.” Kylo growled and finally removed his hulking form away from you. “Again with this! What does it matter?” “You really shouldn't concern yourself with the opinions of sheep.” Matt said while moving in to join you and Kylo on the ground. You were really getting tired of their ridiculous usage of figurative speech. “You’re not like them.” Matt told you. “So don't worry over things that don't matter.” ‘Yet I worry for all of you.’ You thought but kept the words to yourself. Despite your attempt to appear indifferent, your unrelenting concerns were still evident. Ben sighed and sat cross legged next to you, not minding how Kylo was still so closed to you, pressed against your legs. “Phasma is throwing a party this Saturday-” “An anti-winter formal party, I've heard.” “Yea, well, you're coming with us.” Ben then placed the bag of burgers in your hand. “It’ll be something to help take your mind off things. Now, eat up.” Notes: More to come in a bit ;3 Chapter 7 : Doted Deer Part 2 Summary: Apparently, alliances aren't always fun. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) A party to take your mind off things? The idea hardly seemed to work. If anything, it gave you more to worry over. After Friday’s quick passing, the anxieties over the trivial matter grew. Parties weren't a new concept to you, but the social gatherings you’d usually attend were pretty tame with parental guidance. Undoubtedly, Phasma’s party would be the utter opposite and the thought made you nervous. How would you dress? Should you act a certain way? What if they had alcohol and drugs? It was sure that you could handle being around alcohol since you’ve drunk before to secretly spite your parents (kudos to Jessika). But drugs- ‘Ahhh, what if someone tries to get me to do crack???’ The troubling thoughts were put on hold upon receiving a message from Ben in the group text. “ Today @ 9pm. Wear somthin sexy ;P ” Just as you rolled your eyes, another text consisting the address followed before the two others chimed in. Kylo: “ Ben will pick you up. ” Ben: “ :))) ” Matt: “ With me .” Ben: “ U fucking cock block .” You snorted at the text before proceeding to decide a possible outfit for later that night. Ignoring Ben’s request to dress in something ‘sexy’, you picked out an outfit that you deemed comfortable enough to wear out in the cold yet stylish so you wouldn’t feel out of place amongst the ‘edgy’ crowd. By the time Ben rolled up the driveway in his polished old cadillac, your parents had left for their graveyard shift at the hospital in their working scrubs an hour before. Even when you slipped into the seat behind Matt’s, you were still nervous about the party. Ben, from what you saw, wore a thick roughened denim jacket with the sleeves rolled up and a plain black t-shirt underneath. He shifted in his seat to look back at you and sent a lustrous smile that warmed your skin. As if to sense your unsteady nerves, the male went on to give you gentle reassurances with Matt’s soothing voice quickly joining in. “Phasma’s parties do tend to get pretty rowdy.” Matt admitted with a slight apologetic look. “But you’ll always have one of us by your side.” The ride there was quick with Ben’s smooth talk over his jazzy love songs and Matt’s witty comments on the side. Upon arrival, you eyed the party from the outside and gave your lip a timid bite at the sight of people messing around at the front yard in a drunken mess. Music pulsed throughout the endorphin inducing atmosphere with a few random people screaming like goofs here and there. As you entered the house with Matt and Ben faithfully at your sides, the party within shows itself to be much more wild than it appeared on the outside. Empty red cups and pizza crusts littered the confetti coated floor, kicked up by spirited passbyers amongst the tightly knitted crowd of the entry room. With a firm grip, Ben led you through the lively bunch, through a more spaced out room where a game of beer pong was held and into what looked to be a living room. Foldable chairs and used up recliners lined the walls, the center of the room taken up by a cluster of gyrating bodies that streamed out through the sliding doors and into the backyard where the music blared. Ben had asked if you’d like to drink but you declined. You still felt skittish and didn't trust yourself to get drunk yet- there was a need to get comfortable in the surroundings before drinking. “Let’s find Kylo.” Ben voiced above the music. You nodded and looped your hand around them as they moved forward. Amongst the mass of people, you could feel eyes glancing your way and you tried to hold the brothers closer as an attempt to block them. “I really hate this crowd.” Matt complained behind and you catch him baring his teeth at a few onlookers that got too close. “They know their place.” Ben shouted back, continuing his lead. Eventually, you were brought to another room, one much less occupied and somehow quieter and your lungs gave a breath of relief at the open space. “This is one helluva way to get my mind off things, Ben.” You fussed. “Oh,” Ben’s voice dropped sensuous and rich. “I know a lot of ways to get your mind off things.” The heat of blood flushed into your face. Matt rolled his eyes, tugged your hand and brought you to sit down with him. “Just go find Kylo, he’s expecting you to tell him that (Y/N) is here.” Ben looked as if he were to go on and argue against the younger but stopped before grunting off into the crowd. On the couch, you basked in Matt’s pleasant yet grounding presence. Amongst the frenzied atmosphere and the beating music thumping over your heart- the youngest triplet was somewhat of an anchor. In the party of generally sable-toned attires he stood out in his vivid orange windbreaker and disheveled blonde hair. He looked almost dorky in this setting, the thought made you smile and rest your head on his shoulder. Like always, Matt was warm, and it would’ve put you off in that balmy room if he hadn't smelt amazing. It was sweet and almost mesmerizing enough for you to have nearly missed a familiar figure strolled into the room. Hux, with his brightly red hair perfectly slicked back and posh outfit, he also stood out amongst the leather jackets and rough denims. Rather than leaving the room like others had, Hux took a seat diagonal to Matt. You almost panicked having remembered that he was somehow an acquaintance to Dopheld. Would he be angry with you like Rodinon was? “Matt.” Hux greeted before looking your way and addressing you the same. You managed not to jolt under his attention. “Hey um, Hux.” “Ah, you know of me.” He gave a quirk of his lips yet you still felt uneasy not knowing his intent. “Yea, small town.” You replied. “Also the fact that we had AP Biology together last semester.” Oh, you forgot about that. “It’s quite a surprise to see you here.” He mused. “Uh, yea, there was a lot of talk about the party so I thought, why not?” You laughed, a little nervous. “Yes, Dopheld talked this party up for you, didn't he?” Within, your heart started to palpitate. Matt shifted beside you, drawing forward to block Hux’s view of you. “Hux…” Coming from Matt, you knew it was a warning. Hux chuckled, his expression now amused. “I’m only messing with her, Solo.” When Matt didn't back down, he peered over and continued. “Dopheld was vile and I regret that he wasn't caught sooner.” Wait, was Hux aware that he was way past missing? “You...know?” “Of course.” Hux confirmed. “Your precious Ren was bent on informing me of how incompetent my subordinates are.” You gave Matt a look that was full of bewilderment as he eased back into his seat. He merely kept his focus on Hux so you continued. “Dopheld was your subordinate?” “To my misfortune.” Hux sighed. “I always knew that there was something sketchy about him, shame I couldn't have worked out the extent of his unhinged mentality.” You thought back to the library and the warning glance that Hux graced you with; was that meant to warn you of Dopheld? “Did you know that he had some sort of fixation for me?” “Hux knows that you are untouchable.” Matt answered, voice stern. Hux jutted his chin to Matt. “Him and his brothers have made that extremely clear, it was Dopheld’s own fault that he couldn't get that through his thick skull.” “Are you sure it wasn't your inability to properly lead and discipline your underlings that led to his well deserved fate?” Kylo suddenly joined in, dressed in his usual black attire of a leather jacket and roughed up jeans, seething at the sight of the pale redhead. At that, Hux sighed, seemingly unaffected by Kylo’s criticism and Ben’s coarse leer from behind. “There are two different people in the world now. Our kind have our own ways, same does yours- regardless of how viscous the ways of a pack may be.” Kylo’s eyes flickered your way at the last of Hux’s sentence and you could've sworn you saw a nervous note in them. “Be careful with what you say.” He warned with his eyes back on Hux. The paler man huffed, rose from his place and the trio visibly tensed at the action. You instinctively sank into the cushions, confused by their suddenly aggressive stance. Hux rolled his eyes. “ Relax , I bare no ill will.” His tone was light, if not slightly annoyed. “After all, we are all in alliance and since I like having my body all in one piece, I wouldn't dare cross the force of you three.” “If only all of your underlings would understand that.” Kylo snided. Hux ignored him and made way to shake your hand. For a moment, you hesitated, not sure if it was a good idea until Hux retracted his gesture due to Matt’s glare down. "Take care, (Y/n).” Hux then left you with the brooding triplets. “What the hell was that about?” You bemused. “It’s as he said, Hux is an ally.” Kylo answered but it was hard to believe with his face tight and guarded. “Doesn't seem like it.” You argued. Matt sighed next to you. “There’s just a lot of disagreements regarding how orders should be followed.” A frown started to unfurl upon your face before you went on to question further. Ben, however, wasn't going to have that and stepped in to tut at you like a child. “Nu-uh, none of that now.” Ben grabbed your hand and pulled you off the couch. “Come on, we want to show you off.” Notes: I asked a close friend to read this chapter for me because I felt unsure about it. She thought there was the implication that Hux is a vampire. Lmao, nope. One more to go! Chapter 8 : Doted Deer Part 3 Summary: Careful, don't fall too hard. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) They wanted to show you off? Although it was pretty flattering it also made your stomach churn and your nerves fry. The notion of it was bewildering as you were drawn back into the crowd and pressed close against the Solo Triplets. They started to introduce you to some folks, people’s whose name you quickly forgot due nerves. There were a few faces that you'd recognized amongst them, fellow school mates or some of the rebellious dropouts, others were obviously from out of town. They looked you over, eyes raking up and down your awkward form before having praised the triplets for finally catching you. All the attention was overwhelming and you tried to hide what part of your body you could behind either of the triplets. You thought that alcohol would help your nerves and felt confident enough with the boys around to let yourself drink. The closed can of beers you’re given were cold and refreshing in the humid space. Despite not being used to the watered down taste of the brand, you were grateful of the cooling liquid and the tingly burn of the alcohol down your throat. There was more talk of you and the triplets, mainly concerning their attraction towards you and some parts directed to your looks. Even with the generous compliments of the strangers, you felt as if they were secretly critiquing your existence. Perhaps it was just all in your head but the more you thought this, the more you attempted to drown it out in beer. “Woaah princess.” Ben snatched the sixth beer from your hands. Or was it the seventh? “Are you drunk?” You whined nonverbally into one of their shoulders- by the sugary smell it must be Matt. The air was hot and so were the triplets surrounding you, yet the urge to delve into the warmth of their intimate proximity was quite tenacious. You nuzzled your face further into the crook of one of their necks, nose bumping against his prominent ear and tickled against dark locks. Was it Kylo this time, or Ben? When had it changed from Matt? Yet the comfort of their intimate touches temporarily waned once a sharp, incessant pressure bloomed in your bladder. “I need to pee.” You fussed. A hand ruffled your hair and you’d guess it to be Ben. “Come on.” He drew you away from the warmth of Kylo’s embrace and despite your impaired coordination, Ben managed to bring you to the bathroom through the rowdy crowd of party goers. In the drunken state, you hadn't really grasped how you got inside, just that you really needed to use the toilet. The bathroom was surprisingly clean, a huge contrast to the mess outside. You were grateful that you didn't have to hover over the seat or worry about catching something nasty from making skin contact with the toilet. “Okay, you are drunk.” You mumbled to yourself. “But that's okay, because everything is fun when drunk and your boys have your back. And if they don't, you’ll kick their asses.” While washing up, you checked yourself, patted down the little flyaway hairs and stared into the light bloodshot of your eyes. Wow, really, you were drunk. “Think sober thoughts.” You told yourself at the door, ready to enter the throbbing music and crushed spaces. Ben was right by the door, leant against the frame. Sultry, intoxicated thoughts sauntered through your mind at the sight of him, making your eyelids heavy and lips part for a coveted breath. In all his broad shouldered glory, Ben smirked down at you, not in his usual alluring way but as if he knew what you were thinking. ‘Think sober thoughts!’ You mentally chanted because Ben was not a sobering thought. He was a lust-filled intoxication, tempting you to drink in the sight of his provocative lips, disarming eyes and thickly muscled arms. ‘Is he flexing?’ “Oh, you need help in the bathroom?” Ben suddenly asked, loud. “Clogged the toilet you say?” ‘Wait, what ?’ Your face suddenly felt very hot, much more embarrassed than from the lust or alcohol. “Ben, what the hell?” You hissed. He started pushing you into the bathroom and you pushed back, flustered and mortified. “It’s okay, it happens to everyone.” He shouted, furthering the humiliation before closing the door behind him. “Can you not?!” You smacked his bicep and tried your best to ignore how firm he felt. The tall male crept into your proximity, his form ruggedly tremendous against your modest size. “Sorry, don't want my brothers getting any bright ideas.” “What are you talking about-” Ben caught your mouth mid-sentence in a kiss, his soft lips hungry for the feel of yours. You gasped, inhaling his sharp scent and tasting his searing mouth. His tongue slipped forward to test and you moaned at the strange sensation. Ben groaned back, held you tighter against his strong body and grazed his fingers against the hairs at the base of your skull. Another moan escaped you at this and Ben delved his tongue into your inviting mouth. The taste of him exploded against your palate, flooding you in spiced cinnamon and a spike of beer. “You have no idea how long I’ve waited for this.” Ben softly nipped at your lips. “You smell so nice, taste so good.” A sudden, heart wrenching thought stabbed into you like a rugged dagger right through the chest. You turned away Ben’s eagerness and gave him what best of a glare you could have mustered while drunk. “Not such a bad wait with all those girls you’ve slept with, right?” Recalling that bit of his personality was primarily upsetting and you weren't sure who you should've been mad at. Ben, for being a total sleazebag, or at yourself for falling into the infatuations of the said sleazebag. Ben paused. “Oh.” Really, was that all he had to say? “You've been hounding me, saying that you love me and all that crap while everyone praises you for all the girls you get on the side.” Jealousy started to bleed into the heartache as you tried to push him away. “Are you jealous?” Ben asked. It was irrational but you were one sentence away from slapping him. “How could I not be? It feels like a trick! Like once you get what you want from me, I’ll be just like the rest of them.” Ben snorted. “I don't think that’s jealousy, my deer.” You pouted. “I’m still upset.” At the little frown, Ben chuckled- a short laugh as if the matter was so trivial and childish. Or perhaps he was amused by the little pout you gave? “Those girls don't mean anything.” He assured and neared your face despite your disapproval. “But you, you mean everything.” “Not enough that you could’ve kept it in your pants.” Ben huffed. “I mean it. Just because I fucked them, that they’ve been in my bed or I’ve been in theirs doesn't mean anything.” His long nose bumped into yours. “Anyone could have what that was. But what I want with you, is something no one else could have, only what you can give me.” “And that is?” The words were hushed, tone calmer now under Ben’s admission. Rather than answering like he should have, Ben swooped in to claim your lips again. A whine of complaint was stuck in your throat before being consumed by the weak moan that left your mouth. The brawny male ate up the sweet sounds, pleasantly ravaging your lips to sate his longing. Kissing Ben was quite the exhilaration and there was a small thought that perhaps it was the alcohol - yet you couldn’t blame everything entirely on it as your blood rushes, heart throbbing with the music so loud that you almost missed the knocking at the door. “Agh, fucker.” Ben groaned before holding your face tighter to his. Just as his fingers returned to your nape, the door swung open and nearly hit the both of you in the force of its swing. Kylo was at the barely hanging knob of it, his face in a scowl of silent yet unhinged anger. “Woah now, don't go scaring our little deer here.” Ben laughed nervously. Kylo’s nostrils flared and he tore the rest of the knob from its place. Holy shit. He then looked to you and called your name- fortunately, you managed not to flinch. “Go to Matt. I have something to discuss with my brother.” “Kylo, that's not necessary-” Before you could even argue further, the elder pulled you away from Ben’s secure embrace and out into the open with the door slammed in your face. “Asshole!” You kicked the door, frustrated on all levels. You glanced around you and realized you were in a hallway. Upstairs? After passing a few strangers and striding down the steps, you surveyed the crowd.You decided to call Matt when you failed to catch sight of him and he answered with your name upon the first ring. “Um, your brothers ditched me and are having a talk.” It was a struggle to shout over the blaring sounds of the party but it seemed that he managed to hear you. "For fuck’s sake.” Matt sighed. “Okay, do you know how to get to the frontdoor?” Not so confidently, you confirmed. “Alright, stay on the phone with me and I’ll meet you there. I got you if you get lost.” By some absolute miracle, you managed to make it through the crowd all in one piece and after having to achieve such a task, you managed to grapple what bit of sobriety back. You let Matt bring you back out into the cold where the winter air bit away the heat of your face. He didn't leave you shivering for long and shed his horridly bright windbreaker to drape over your shoulders. Even if it was tasteless, the jacket was warm and you happily encased yourself in the swishy material and his sweet scent. And to warm you further, the blonde triplet enveloped you in his sturdy arms, a delightful embrace for your slowly sobering mind. Under his adoring gaze, you eyed Matt as well and admired his boyish features the same like before. Yet, the underlying thickness of his arms beneath his long sleeve was an evident contrast. It was hard to ignore how pleasant the fluid movements of Matt’s arm muscles felt under your touch. There was a teasing thought of how his skin might feel against yours bare. Matt smiled at the sight of you in his jacket. “I don't know how my brothers could've leave such a lovely doe like you alone.” “What's the deal with your brothers anyways?” Matt shrugged. “Could be anything with Kylo, he’s a little overbearing.” A mental note of that was made before you continued on in the conversation. “It must be nice though, being so close to your siblings.” Matt laughed and you found yourself charmed by the sound of it. “It’s not always nice.” “But at least you don't feel lonely.” Matt’s lovely smile soured slightly when a glimmer of sadness tainted his eyes. “Your parents work a lot of graveyard shifts at the hospital in the city, huh?” You nodded. Of course he’d know. “They’re typical workaholics, so I don't see them a lot since they work so much. When they're finally home however, they're either asleep or out doing errands.” You started poking absent-mindedly at the tag on Matt’s longsleeve. “It must be lonesome.” He commented. You sighed and buried your face into the crook of his neck. There, the aromatic scent of him was the strongest. With his large heavy hand, Matt brushed the top of your head in a comforting motion. “But when you’re with us, you won't be lonely. Me and my brothers will keep you happy.” You gave a small hum before tilting your head back to face him again. “You always say such sweet things.” Matt pressed his lips between your brows and you felt the cold frame of his glasses on your forehead. “Only to you, gorgeous.” Against him, your face felt so cold on his heated flesh- almost like a fever. “I guess I'll have to keep a lookout in case someone cuter comes along, huh?” Matt rolled his head at your bitter joke. “Lucky you, what we want is something that you only have.” Again with that . “Which is..?” Matt hummed as if in thought before he lowered his head to level with yours. His face was close enough that his nose nuzzled against yours and the slight contact somehow slightly skewed his glasses. In such closeness, his breath fanned over your face and filled your nose in the scent of something caramelized. “Everything you have to give.” He voiced in a rumble like you’ve never heard from him before. It was different than his usual careful tone, a mix of something more predatory and seductive, like his brothers. A burn rekindles within you and this time, it is undoubtedly not the alcohol. With Matt’s firm biceps beneath your aching fingers, you squeezed and he smirked at your obvious admiration of his well-built body. “I really want to kiss you.” His lips were already so close, a mere inch away. You tilt your lips for him. “Then why don't you?” Matt squeezed his eyes close before pulling his head out of reach. “I can't.” You frowned. “Why not? Ben already did.” The words slipped off your tongue and you immediately wished you could shove them back. You expected anger, sadness or betrayal from Matt. Instead, he rolled his eyes. “That explains a lot.” “Huh?” “Like why you smell like Red Hots gum and why my brothers are having a ‘talk’. Kylo’s just probably chewing Ben out.” Matt continued. “Even though we agreed upon the terms of our affections for you, Kylo is pretty damn possessive and insisted on having first dibs.” You blinked. “First...dibs?” “Well, not his words exactly. But out of all of us, he wanted to be the first one to kiss you.” For a moment, you were unsure whether to laugh or be upset over how fucking childish that sounded. “That’s stupid.” Matt shrugged. “That’s Kylo.” You made an eye roll but didn't give up on the mood yet. There was still a pleasing ache below your belly and you still had Matt in your hands with his glasses still lopsided and eyes wanting. “So…” You attempted a seductive tone, playful yet determined in what you want. “Even if I want to kiss you right now, we’d have to wait ‘til Kylo takes his ‘first dibs’?” You pouted, emphasizing your lips and Matt absorbed the sight. “That’s not fair.” Matt groaned and dove his face into the crook of your neck. There was a hiss of an inhale before you felt his balmy breath graze your skin. You try to bring him back to face you but only managed to smooth your cheek against him and his blond ruffled hair tickled you back. “I want to.” Matt whined almost childishly. “I really, really do. Your skin feels so nice and you smell so right .” Sighing, you pried Matt’s face away from your neck with cold yet gentle hands. “You're still so cold.” “So warm me up, Matty.” You whispered against his tempting lips. Just when he inched closer, Matt was rudely yanked away from you and tossed onto the damp grass. You gaped and looked to Kylo who had flung him. “Ugh, you have issues!” You stepped forward to help Matt up but the eldest triplet intercepted again. “He can pick himself up.” Kylo growled before having gripped your hand to tug you away. “We’re all leaving.” “What?” As your brows crinkled together in confusion, you looked back to Matt who was on his feet again with Ben following behind- he appeared okay, save for the rip on his shirt’s collar. Your attention returned to Kylo’s face twisted with vexation which tighten further once you tried to pull away from him. “Fucking hell! Why are you so dramatic over a kiss? Take your stupid dibs already!” Once at the car, Kylo snapped and pressed you against the passenger door, effectively caging you under his towering body. Your heart leapt yet Kylo didn't take his time as he descended upon you to take what he claimed- a kiss, one different from what you’ve anticipated. In the intensity of his greed, Kylo’s teeth clicked against yours as he made quick work of your mouth, swallowed the small whines of his name and nipped at your redden lips. Your hands wandered between gripping his leather jacket or sliding down the glossy finish of Ben’s car to try and hold yourself against Kylo’s demanding affections. A groan that neared a growl vibrated against your yielding mouth and his thick tongue sneaked in to taste you. Just as you keened with the churn of lust at your very core, Kylo abruptly drew away, taking in the sight of your eyes hooded and tender lips parted for a light gasp. He didn't mind the small noise of complaint you made -if anything it summoned a smug gleam to his eyes. “Happy?” You panted before the embarrassing realization that he kissed you right in front of his brothers settled in awkwardly. “Peachy.” There was a pleased husk to his voice and really, it shouldn't be arousing. “Come on, the cops will be arriving soon.” Still slightly taken aback, you fumbled when Matt tried to lead you into the back seat. “Wait, what?” “We’ve been tipped that the cops are coming to raid the party.” Ben explained in the driver seat. “Oh.” Well, now you felt stupid having thought that Kylo wanted to leave after not getting to kiss you first. Once everyone was in the car, Ben started the engine and peeled out of the parking spot. A few minutes down the road you heard sirens blaring from a distance and you were utterly grateful to not be caught up in the possible mess of that raid. Ben was cackling in the front seat about how pissed Phasma must be and if at that point would she even care that they ruined her bathroom. Just as you were about to ask the two how much damage they inflicted upon the unfortunate girl’s bathroom, red and blue lights flashed before your faces. “Shitshitshit.” Ben hissed. “Guys, I can't be seen by the cops! My parents will hear about this and-” “Shh, shh.” Matt hushed you gently. “Go on the floor and crouch down.” Ben started to pull over to the side of the road after you curled into the small leg space as best as you could. There was a loud thud of a car door closing and your heart swelled with panic. ‘This isn't going to work.’ As if he had read your doubts, Matt attempted to hide you with his jacket and propped his leg in a way that whoever looked through the window wouldn't really be able see you. “Officer Swine, how you doing on this fine night?” goaded Ben. You gnawed at your swollen lips. ‘Holy shit, this asshole is going to have us all locked up.’ “Have any of you minors been drinking tonight?” The officer sounded testy and Ben was going to push his buttons. “Unfortunately, we haven't.” Ben lied with a smile in his voice. “But what does it matter if we had?” “Underage drinking is illegal, Solo.” The officer stressed out. “And so is drunk driving. I'd have to take all three of you down to the station if-” The window where Matt occupied rolled down and you gulped. “Officer, tell me, do you think that would be a good idea?” Matt voiced in. “I’m sure that you are aware of our reputation and it would be wise to remember that detaining us is a waste of time and taxpayer’s money.” “I am the officer of the law-” “And I’m sure you’d like to stay that way, alive I mean, right?” Matt’s voice turned smooth with a sharp edge. “A-Are you threatening me?” No matter his facade, there was hesitation in the officer’s utterance. “Of course not!” Matt said. “It’s only a warning.” Silence followed soon after and you could only hear the engine grumble and shoes scratching the asphalt. With Matt’s thinly cloaked threats, the panic thrumming through your blood had calmed yet there was still the anticipation of what the officer may say next. “You boys have a good night.” The words were bitter from the man’s mouth. “We will.” Ben taunted. Below where you hid under Matt’s windbreaker, you gaped in disbelief. As the sound of rubber soles against asphalt faded to the distance, you heaved a breath of relief and peaked up at Matt through the jacket. He caught the movement and beamed down at you, his eyes crinkled at the corners behind the round lenses. You admired the look for a moment until you hear the police cruiser drive away and Ben give out a ridiculous whoop of delight. Out from the tight space you cackled and Matt’s smile widened, egged on by your now gleeful demeanor. He pulled you back to your seat and Ben waited until the seat belt was clicked into place before driving forward. Still giddy with relief and possibly adrenaline, you giggled and continued to cheer Matt on. “Holy crap you're amazing!” You keened. “You're good now, right?” Matt referred to the previous state of panic as he righted his windbreaker over your shoulders. “Yea,” You caught sight of him looking at your lips and consciously you licked them. He tracked the movement and there’s an urging ache revived in your gut. You took this moment into your hands and lunged to place Matt’s enticing lips against your own. The blonde sank into the kiss, hungry to sate his prolonged craving for you like his brothers had, yet he was gentle in his actions. You revelled in the softness of his lips and the unsurprising sweetness of his tongue as Matt’s curious hands roamed your body until they settled to cup your jaw. Somehow, you were captivated by the attentive touch and filled to the brim in his scent so hypnotizing that it messed with your focus on time. By the time Ben pulled into your empty driveway, Matt’s pale skin was a flush of pink and you were reluctant to leave. You didn't want to go back to that cold house nor your empty bed, not back to the loneliness that haunted you. To stay here, in the intimate spaces and powerful presence of the Solo Triplets, that was what you desired. You wanted their company, revelled in the warmth of their love and coveted their power. Once you parted ways with the phantom touch of their mouth on you and the memories of their taste, you were quite sure that this was developing far past infatuations. But at what distance will it grow to? Notes: My bad, this was suppose to upload right with the others but I caught a HUGE mistake which bled into multiple other mistakes throughout this chapter so I had to fix everything ;A; I finally got my groove back too and the next chapter (Buck 'N Doe) may come pretty soon because I spent a lot of time typing it on the side while ripping my hair out during writer's block over these 'Doted Deer' chapters lmao Chapter 9 : Buck N' Doe Summary: Mistakes were made. Solution? Bust their car up. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “You're dating the Solo Triplets.” Poe’s voice made you jump. At first you were thrown off by the hollow tone of his voice and were left without words. Barely four seconds in of gaping at your friend and his patience oddly dwindled. Poe clattered your locker closed, the action itself snapping you out of the daze. “This is one helluva way to start a Monday morning Poe.” You told him, still in disbelief of what you were witnessing. “So is learning that you've smacked lips with all three Solo brothers over the weekend!” Poe’s voice was low, as if he didn't want to draw attention to the conversation (for that you were relieved) but his tone was utterly crossed. “I’ve literally told you that they’re dangerous and now you’re dating them!” “They're not that dangerous…” Really, even you thought that was a pathetic attempt. Poe groaned. “You’re really saying that after all that’s happened? Are you fucking for real?” You flinched at his words, a response that Poe hadn't even cared to notice. His furious state was foreign to you in a way that you never were the one to deal with it. “Look, Poe, I know you think that they’re dangerous but I can handle myself with them.” There was a brief pause before Poe leaned back, eyes pinning you with disbelief before disappointment spoiled the warmth of his face. “Holy shit,” He gave a mirthless laugh. “You are for real.” “Poe-” “Unbelievable.” He then turned his back on you and walked away. You were left only to watch him go, regret sniping out the flutter of butterflies in your tummy and didn't return even when your lovers met with you. It was useless to hide the distress over your friend, so their questions of it came as no surprise. However, you shrugged off their concerns. “It’s my problem to deal with.” You insisted. “Not any of yours.” Throughout the day, you’ve spent it trying to text Poe in between class work and attempting to find him during passing period. He ignored your texts and was nowhere to be found amongst your friends. You had asked them where he could possibly be but they shrugged and shook their head sympathetically, they had known the situation between you two. Finn assured that Poe just needed time to deal with his thoughts and emotions but how long would that take? And aside from that, the rest of your friends were bursting with questions, pestering you over the rumored events of your weekend. You tried your best to avoid answering their surge of questions and brushed away their concerns of you- it was all secondary issues compared to the matter of Poe ignoring you. The only chance you had was to catch him in Physics class. The only downside was that there was a practice test, and you wouldn't be able to gather enough time before it started to talk to him. When you arrived to class, Poe was already settled in his usual seat next to Finn with his side purposely turned to you. He was ignoring you and Finn gave a small glance of apology. As you expected, Poe ignored all of your attempts to speak to him before the test templates and scantrons were passed out. You were left with the only option to catch him after class. Once the bell has rung and tests were turned in, you tailed after Poe and called after him as he sped walk out of class. You almost lost him amongst the rush of students but caught up to him at the parking lot right when your stamina decided to fail. You clutched at the sleeve of his letterman jacket all the while struggling to catch your breath. When Poe started to tug away you growled and pulled back. “What the hell, Poe!” You heaved. “I know you hate the Solo brothers and everything, but are you really going to turn your back on me over this?” “I’m not turning my back on you.” He grumbled. “Really? You did plenty of back turning today.” You jolted him forward and he scowled. “What’s your problem?” “Fucking everything!” Poe snapped. “The Triplets, the school, this town!” He then threw his hands into the air, freeing him of your hold. “ You !” You flinched at that and he noticed. Poe sighed, tired, before pinching the bridge of his nose. “No, no I don't mean you- I mean I do but,” He groaned before looking upon you with sad eyes. “It’s what you do that I have a problem with. I tell you that the Solo brothers are trouble, and while I'm thinking you at least comprehend that they’re too risky to be around, you go on and become their girlfriend. All fucking three of them to boot.” “Poe, I do get that they're dangerous.” “Do you really? If so, then why are you dating them?” “Umm,” Really, what was Poe expecting to hear? Were you supposed to tell him how hot they are or something? “Kylo, Ben, Matt- they aren't as bad as people make them out to be.” “Oh my god , here we go again.” Poe groaned. “Is it because they beat people up for you? Ditch class and bring you lunch?” You frowned. “They were protecting me!” “And I can protect you too!” That phrase confused you- the desperate tone of it and how his voice broke. It was even more bewildering when his face took on the look of regret, as if he hadn't meant to say that. Poe covered his face with palms pressed against his sockets. “You can't just...like them because they act like your heroes here and there.” “It’s much more than that Poe.” His hands fell. “What else is there to it then?” You couldn’t really say it, so you shrugged and gave a second best excuse. “I guess I grew to like them?” “Bullshit. Years of you considering them to be the bane of your existence and you've just suddenly grew to like them?” Poe scoffed. “Alright, it's more complicated than that!” You growled out after growing more and more frustrated with the argument. “But what does it matter to you? You're leaving, everyone is leaving me!” The exasperation fell from Poe’s face and somehow it sent a foreign pang into your chest. Regret? “I-” Poe stepped toward you, expression placid and soft once again. “I’m not leaving you.” “You’re leaving for the Air Force once mid-July hits.” Sadness started to creep into your voice. “So is Jessika. Statura is starting his training for the military in August while Finn and Maz are leaving out of state after graduation in June- so don’t you try and tell me none of you are leaving.” Poe appeared crestfallen and reached out to grasp your forearms in a reassuring hold. “But we’ll still stay in contact with you! There’s Skype, and facetime-” “It’s not the same.” Poe head fell between his shoulders. “Is this why you’re with the Solo brothers?” “Even with everyone gone, I’ll still have them.” It wasn't a direct answer but for Poe, it was enough. “You shouldn’t let loneliness drive you into the arms of someone you know you don't belong with.” “It’s quite the opposite of that actually.” At the start of your admittance, Poe’s head rose again. “I feel like I do belong with them.” There was a break in him, as if he were to suddenly bare the weight of the world. His grip on you tightened and his frame quivered slightly. “Poe? Are you-” Suddenly, he was down and in your space, forehead pressed against yours and noses brushing. There was a hesitation in Poe’s continuing movement as he reached up to cup your face and you went wide-eyed in his hold. He shifted, as if to move forward and you panicked, held your breath in fear of a kiss. Instead, his breath washed over you like floral saffron. “You know that I care for you, right?” He struggled out and you nodded stiffly. “You are the most dearest person to me that I hold close to my heart. And if it were possible, I’d never leave to the damn Air Force and stay right by you forever.” He gave out a choked up sigh and thumbed your cheek. “You wouldn't let me though, I know you wouldn't want that kind of pressure and blame everything on yourself.” “I don't want to be the one holding you back from your dreams.” “Right.” He croaked. “That's why I need to go. But I can't let myself leave knowing that you’re gonna throw your future away. All that hard work you put in to be a doctor-” “I don't want to be a doctor!” You pushed him away in the sudden burst of frustrations. Yet Poe kept close, his grip on you strong yet assuring as he looked to you in shock at your admission. “But, that’s what you're going to college for- it's what your parents kept talking so highly about.” “It’s what my parents want, not me.” You stressed out while still trying to push him away. Damn off season practices kept him strong. “I don't want my future to be decided for me. I don't want to spend the rest of it living to make others happy but me- even if they’re my parents. I want to be happy too!” “So you’re with the Solo Triplets just to spite your parents and-” “No!” You snapped. “I'm with them because I wanted them. It was something that I decided for because I wanted to make a choice on what will make me happy.” There’s a struggle on Poe’s face, conflicting emotions of anger and sadness. He opened his mouth but words never came and his eyes squeezed shut. What ever he had to say, he couldn't say it. “I care for you too, Poe.” You said as his head hung low again. “You mean a lot to me and when you leave, I’ll be hurting. But I can't hold on to the pain of seeing my friends go and I’ll need to get past that. I don't want to be lonely when you all leave.” “It won’t be long.” He said with his head still low. “We will come back, after we leave. I’ll visit you every chance I’ll get.” You beamed and before he realized it, Poe was in the full embrace of your arms. “You better.” Poe hugged back. “Are your dreams really here, with them? ” “I don't know...” You admitted, slightly ashamed. “I just know that I don’t want to be a doctor, seeing what my parents deal with just being nurses, it’s too much. I don’t want to spend years in med school only to end up hating life...” You felt him hug you tighter in the embrace and sighed. “I want to be happy Poe, that’s all.” “I want that for you too.” The male leant back and tucked a lock of hair behind your ear. When his hand dropped to rest on your shoulder, Poe froze, his eyes briefly locked just over the crown of your head. “Don't look but your boys are behind you and they look downright murderous.” Regardless of Poe’s warning, you glanced right over your shoulder to catch sight of them with lethal expressions and your stomach flipped. Never have you seen their demeanor like that, outright calling for blood to be shed. You then realized that Poe was still in your arms and it dawns that it must appear as a lover’s embrace in their eyes. A sting panic fired through you and by reflex, you squeezed Poe tighter. Poe hissed your name, calling you back to face him. “I swear, you really are crazy!” “I'm considering that too.” You whispered “They're just standing there...glaring.” Poe observed. “What do we do?” With your heart batting against your chest, you gulped down and spilled out the worse possible answer. “Take me home.” Poe seem shocked to hear that as well, but he doesn't deny you the ride. To the car, you looked back and the triplets were gone. Your stomach made another set of uneasy somersaults and you mentally scolded your stupidity. Even though you hadn't said anything, Poe sensed your frayed nerves and attempted to comfort you in reassuring words. “Just explain to them what happen. If they have any capability of being reasonable, it’s with you.” Poe advised. You let out a shuddering breath. “I'm sorry if I just put you in a bad situation.” “Nah,” Poe waved off the apology. “I'm good, this isn't any different than what I've handled before.” You frowned. “What do you mean?” “The Solo Triplets have intimidated me before over the same kind of misunderstanding.” He explained without a care. You, however, still worried for Poe.This may not be the same as before with him. “Are you sure you’re gonna be alright?” You asked as he drove up to your driveway. Poe gave you his signature beaming smile, one that you couldn't help but reflect. “I’ll tell you what, I’ll be more than alright because tonight my parents are out and I'm going to crack open my old man’s whisky and play a few rounds on Call of Duty.” Poe whistled. “It'll be amazing.” You snorted. “Sounds pretty lame to be honest. And it’s a school night.” “I’ll be drinking to that.” Poe revved his engine and saluted you a goodbye. “See ya later, darling dear.” For some reason, the term of endearment placed an odd feeling at the base of your skull. “Uh,” You fumbled. “Bye Poe!” Even after Poe drove off, you lingered on the driveway, staring off to where his car disappeared. The uncomfortable sense at the back of your head bloomed into an unsettling tingle, one that you couldn't chase away nor pin down. Later into the night, you managed to summon up the courage and called Kylo, yet he didn't answer. One by one, you attempted all forms of contact with them. Not one replied. You: “ Are you guys pissed at me? ” Morning was bleary and sluggish when you arrived to school that Tuesday, the earliest you ever had that entire semester. Students were sparse as much as they were tired, and so were you as you waited by Matt’s locker. You chose to look for him first since, out of the three of the Solo Triplets, Matt was most likely to reliably attend school. Sleep last night was a troublesome task to achieve as you spent most of it trying to get in contact with the trio while keeping tabs on Poe at the same time. Although he was confident for his own safety, you thought otherwise and texted him all through the night (even past midnight) for a peace of mind. The only concern left was the triplets and you were worried sick. The relationship wasn't even a month in and you barely kissed them 2 days ago yet, already things were fucking up! A high pitched ping of your phone brought you forward from your self-admonishment and you fumbled for it having remembered you set the volume specifically for the Solo brothers. Matt: “ We're not pissed at you .” With Matt, there could be a double-meaning. Nevertheless, you were relieved to know that you haven't upset them. You: “ I still feel awful about yesterday :c ” Matt: “ Don't be, we already handled the situation ;) .” Ben: “ We also got ur 10k mgs of explanations last nite lmao ” You groaned. Although he exaggerated the number, you were still a little embarrassed over how trigger happy you went on the texting and flooded their voicemail. But really, you couldn't help it. Last time they went without answering you was when they killed Rodinon. The whole situation made you nervous and yes, you went a little overboard (now appearing as a clingy girlfriend) but your reasons were logical. Matt: “ We’re going to be late for school, we have some errands to run. :/ ” You frowned. You: “ That sounds very adult. ” Kylo: “ Delinquent kind of errands .” Oh. Now that sounded illegal. You didn't have anything to say to that knowing whatever words you bothered would either fly right over their heads or just get straight up ignored. To your lack of replies, the boys sent their own messages of endearment ranging from emoticons, wishes for your safety, and a ‘xoxo’. It warmed your heart, yet the tingle of uneasiness at the back of your head from yesterday still teethed at you. The motions of school went as its usual with nothing out of the ordinary until 3rd period. Jessika and Statura asked if you’ve seen or at least had contact with Poe lately; they hadn't been able to get a hold of him since school yesterday. Confusion knitted at your brows over this. Why was Poe not answering his phone for them when he replied to all of your texts last night? That was...strange. You worried over it for the rest of that period and sent a text to Poe before the bell rung for lunch. On the way to the cafeteria with your two friends, one other comes skidding through the halls, weaving through the mass of hungry students; Finn. “Guys!” Finn shouted, his desperate expression hardly contained. “Wooah, easy dude!” Jessika frowned when Finn finally made it to the three of you. “What’s wrong?” “It’s Poe, he’s okay and in the cafeteria but he got roughed up pretty bad.” Finn explained low enough for three to hear. It didn't matter though, words spread fast at that school. Finn went ahead and started to lead the group, pushing and apologizing through the crowd here and there until you reached the cafeteria. You couldn't see Poe at first until Finn continued to lead up to the tables far off to the side. There sat Poe with a hood over his head, face in a textbook and right arm in a sling. A pit of dread plummeted down your core and you ran to him despite Finn speed walking after you while advising you to calm down. Before you could actually think, your hand shot out and snatched the textbook hiding his face. At the distressed sight of your close friend maimed, a falling sensation tugged your insides down with the previously stated dread. One eye was bruised purple and slightly swollen, the splotchy discoloration reaching down his freshly tended nose. You gasped. “Poe…” “Holy Hell.” Jessika uttered behind you with a hand to her mouth. “Hey, it isn’t that bad. I'm still pretty!” Poe attempted a smile, perhaps to comfort you all, but failed when it pained his busted lip. “I swear I’m alright.” He tried to assure. “This isn't the worst I’ve gotten hurt.” “It doesn't mean that it isn't bad. What happened?” You demanded. Poe sighed and brushed back his hoodie. “It’s- I,” He struggled. “I had a little too much to drink last night and um, had this stupid idea in my head to take a small drive. I totalled my car on the side of the road somewhere. It wasn’t too bad and the hospital managed to release me earlier.” “Dude, and you still came to school?” Finn gaped. “I think you got more dedication than Statura and (Y/n).” Your brows furrowed. “What time did you crash last night?” “Umm,” Poe scratched his ear. “Like around midnight.” What? You were texting Poe way past that time and he mentioned nothing about a late night cruise nor a crash. “Did you get any of my texts from last night or today?” “Huh? No, I- um, must’ve left my phone in the car.” Poe frowned. “Sorry” No, that doesn’t make sense. None of it did. “Are you serious ?” “Woah, chill.” Finn moved in between you two. “Poe acted like an idiot but aren’t we all when we’re drunk?” That wasn't the problem, yet no one knew it. Only you saw that Poe was lying and you weren’t going to let it go. There was more to this situation and with the sense of it teething the back of your mind, you persisted to pin your friend in the most demanding gaze you could ever summon. A gaze that saw right through his terrible cover and pierced the poorly strung together facade. “Haha, yea, my old man gave me the worse verbal lashing of my life.” Poe laughed nervously under your lead-heavy eyes. “He’s gonna lock up the liquor case but I don't really care, I had my fun.” Jessika snorted. “Learnt your lesson, huh?” Poe gulped. “Yea…” For the briefest of a second, Poe’s eyes passed the group and lands somewhere far behind you. You caught it and followed the path of his eyes, and over your shoulder you see a sight that had you scolding yourself. You should've known better. In the line of sight stood the Solo Triplets in their all intimidating glory at the cafeteria entrance. They halted there, a pizza box in Kylo’s possession and the set of their eyes trained on you. Suddenly, a rush of anger drowned out the dread and flooded your bloodstream. Now you knew what they did to your precious friend, and they were also aware because the trio left the cafeteria instead of giving you the food. ‘After all that I’ve told them about staying away from my friends!’ You chewed at the inside of your cheek and turned back to see the panic in Poe’s eyes. Upon seeing the alarmed expression and his damaged face, your anger boiled over and you were hardly able to contain it. “I need to use the restroom.” You growled out through your teeth. Poe tried to grab you but failed. “Wait, no-” It was no use, you were out of the area before he could even get the full sentence out. All movements went to autopilot, driven by anger and the need to set things straight. At the P.E storage closet, you rummaged through the athletic gears before pulling out an aluminium baseball bat. Words didn’t seem to work, so you were going to take another route to get that necessary rule through their head. After you left the P.E building with the bat tight in your grip, you crossed the football field and arrived to the outdoor bleachers right by the landmarked fence. And bless your lucky stars because literally, right on the other side of the fence was parked Ben’s old Cadillac. The still broiling anger within you fueled your next movements and moved you to jump the fence. From behind, someone called your name and you barely registered it at the peak of your climbing. “(Y/n)!” Matt called again, voice slightly distressed when you ignored him and dropped to the other side. “What are you doing?” If you had been any weaker, your heart would have melted at the seemingly tender tone of his voice. By the sound of it, he at least had an idea of what you had in mind. You peeked at Matt over your shoulder with him still on the other side of the fence and he looked back with wide, anxious eyes. A sigh passed your lips and you continued towards the car. “Where are your brothers?” “Taking a smoke break-” His sentence was cut off by the loud impact of the car’s side-view mirror bashed under the merciless swing of your bat. Another swing and the object was barely hanging off the side before Kylo and Ben arrived. You looked to them with fury in your eyes and Ben seemed just as livid. “What the fuck are you doing?” Ben howled before he basically lept over the fence. “You guys aren’t the only ones who are not all bark.” You said and knocked the mirror completely off its base. Ben groaned when it clattered to the floor. “I know that you three attacked Poe last night, even though I’ve told you not to hurt my friends.” “It was only fair.” Kylo growled out. “He touched you despite knowing that you’re ours.” “He’s my friend! Friends hug!” You argued. “That grimy buck wants more than a hug from you though.” Ben argued back, nose wrinkled in annoyance. You groaned. “I thought I explained this all last night! It’s not like that!” “We understood the clarifications you gave.” Kylo replied. “But reminders needed to be made to him .” You scowled. “...What did you guys do to Poe last night?” “Be glad that we held ourselves back while handling your little friend.” Ben snided. “We didn’t beat him into a pulp like we wanted, but it was enough to wreck his car.” “And his phone?” You managed to say through your gritted teeth. Matt reluctantly pulled out the said object with its screen newly cracked. “We saw your texts of concerns towards him, I replied to everything you sent so you wouldn’t get suspicious.” “Well you did a shit job of it!” You snarled out. The searing fury in your chest burned; like a hot band around your heart before it snapped into a torrent that rushes your body to move under anger charged thoughts. Ben stepped forward to stop you from damaging his car any further but you swung at him and he kept his distance. “You really gonna hurt us over that dumb buck?!” “No, just your car.” You bit out.“You guys hurt me by hurting my friend, so I’ll hurt you by hurting your car.” He finally managed to stop you however by seizing the bat in his massive hand. Regardless of his vast size shadowing over you, your aggression fails to diminish in his intimidating presence. “You’re fucking insane!” Ben shouted and shoved the bat away but it remains in your grip. “I guess I am! I must be out of my goddamn mind because how could I be sane and choose to date you three assholes who ended up nearly killing my friend?” Even with your tone enraged and boiling in your blood, you felt at lost, no longer knowing how things were supposed to be. You looked to the fragmented metal where a side view mirror once occupied and then to the three towering menaces before you. The memory of your actions finally settled in and you had never felt so wreckless before in your entire life. If the situation was entirely different and the triplets hadn't been crazy for you like they were, you’d probably be pulverized dog meat. With that thought in mind, you take in the sight of Ben’s seething demeanor and shivered; you caused that. You fucked everything up. “God...I really am crazy.” The bat fell from your suddenly shaking hands, clattered to the ground and rolled until it nudged Ben’s foot. It does nothing to lighten the air amongst them. Ben turned his back, but by the fluctuating sight of his shoulders, he was still breathing out his rage. Matt, still unsure and cautious of you, stepped forward as if he were approaching a distressed animal. “No, you’re not.” “Are you kidding me Matt?!” You almost shrieked. “I nearly wrecked Ben’s car! I smashed his mirror! I wanted to use it like a baseball and knock it out into the football field!” “I think you’re pretty damn crazy and stupid too.” Ben growled and kicked the offending bat away. Matt scowled. “Ben-” “They’re both right.” Kylo interrupted and passed his brothers as he advanced toward you. “(Y/n) is crazy, maybe even a little stupid in her actions.” His eyes peered into you and you felt as if your insides were to crumble. “But so are we.” Ben scoffed. “Don't we all make a great combo.” Even though everything suddenly appeared okay, it felt as if it wasn’t. Something persisted to rest heavy over your shoulders; those idiotic thoughts that clawed you from within and helped tore down what kept you from spilling your guts for them. Despite the clearness of your eyes, there was a quiver in your voice liked you’d soon cry. “You know, the real reason why I chose you guys was because I was afraid? I panicked knowing that after graduation, I’d be left alone living a life made up of choices that weren’t mine. I didn’t want that,” You chewed at your lip. “I wanted you guys...at least, I thought so…” You chest feels tight under your words and the heavy gaze of the Solo Triplets. You couldn't define their expression through the buzzing of loud thoughts in your head “I thought that if I chose you guys, I wouldn’t be alone and finally make a huge decision for myself, one that wasn't under the dictation of my parents. It was selfish of me to think of you guys like that. I even fell for your sweet words and hazy promises like an idiot!” Indeed you were a selfish idiot, too self absorbed in your own concerns to realize what you’ve gotten into or what could’ve happen and because of it, Poe got hurt. You thought to what he said yesterday, if subconsciously, this was all just someway to spite your parents. Perhaps it was? Maybe you’ve even managed to fool yourself into liking them… “This was a bad idea.” The words fell from your lips in a saddened rasp. “I shouldn’t have tried to return your feelings.” Kylo’s voice was harsh and demanding when he spoke, “Don’t say that-” “Kylo, I don’t even know if I have the same feelings as you three.” You stressed. “What I have, it could be just some sort of infatuation, stupid young love or whatever the fuck people call-” “And that’s okay!” Matt interrupts with a desperate tone. “It’s okay if you don’t love like us, I mean we kind of expected it so.” “But with time, as we keep you happy and away from the feeling of loneliness, you’ll grow to love us.” Kylo’s words were insistent, as if it were a fact. “You still like us right?” Ben muttered, still upset over his car. You frowned but still nodded for him. “Then stop being dumb and follow that from here.” Notes: Reader in a nutshell Person: Don’t look Reader: *Looks anyways* Person: WHAT DID I JUST SAY? - Haha, this took longer than I expected *sweats* there was a lot of things that kept messing up for me in this chapter but i managed to fix it...i think? I hope this was a good chapter for y'all ahaha Umm, next update may take a while since I'll be starting school soon. But while im trying to work out a balance between college and work, I'll be typing on the side of course ;3 Notes: Comments and kudos are welcomed! (Please be gentle with me *-*)