Kylo stomped into his room and tore his mask right off. He screamed, and ignited his lightsaber. He couldn’t think clearly as he continuously smashed his lightsaber into random pieces of furniture around his room. HOW DARE HE! Kylo thought as he watched the red fire of his lightsaber turn dressers, couches, and mirrors into nothing but scraps. Who does General Hux think he is? Questioning me and my strength of the dark side?! I’ll show him! I’ll show that bast- Meow. Kylo turned off his lightsaber immediately and startled at the strange sound coming from his room. Kylo quickly used the force to reach out and and find the source of that noise. He felt a presence under his bed. He got down on all fours, and looked under his bed. He was met with bright green eyes staring at him. It appeared to be a harmless animal. Kylo tsk’d, how one of these strange creatures found itself on the finalizer was beyond him. Nonetheless he wanted it away from his bed. He held out his hand and began cooing at it, “Come here, whatever the fuck you are!” He held out his hand and the next thing he knew the creature was attached to his face scratching and hissing violently. Kylo screamed and forcibly tore the animal off of his face, and held it away from him. He could feel blood dripping down his cheeks and forehead. He squinted at the creature, he could see it better now that it wasn’t under his bed. It was covered in orange fur, Kylo imagined it would feel soft if he wasn’t wearing his gloves, the creature had a tail of the same colour of its fur. The creature seemed to be scowling at him. Kylo glared right back. “I don’t know who or what you are, but you’re not welcome here!” The animal screeched and tried to scratch Kylo again. Kylo tightened his grip and jeered. He swung open his closet door and tossed the creature in his closet. “If you can’t learn to behave, you’re just going to have to stay inside this closet.” Kylo huffed. He checked the time, and fuck! He had to get ready for his weekly poker game with his Knights. He guiltily glanced towards the closet then growled and turned to get ready in his refresher. --- “Hux is a real dick eh Master?” Jax, one of Kylo’s most loyal knights said. Kylo snorted, while he shuffled his cards, “You don’t know the half of it!” “Maybe he’s just lonely and he likes you,” Tret, his younges knight suggested. Kylo glared at them before Tret looked away solemnly. It was just the three of them, the other knights were on various missions. But Tret and Jax were more than enough for Kylo to hang out with. Kylo told everyone that he didn’t have a favorite Knight, but that was a lie. Jax and Tret were the most loyal and approachable knights. Kylo felt more like their friend then their master. Jax was a strong Chiss warrior. She worked very well in interrogations, and was an overall team player. She genuinely cared for Kylo, and for the other knights, and for all of their well-beings. She was Kylo’s unofficial second in command. Tret was the newest and youngest member of the KOR. They were Saurin. They seemed sweet and softspoken. But one look into Tret’s head, proved otherwise. Kylo enjoyed playing poker with Tret and Jax, and he felt like betting tonight. “Alright, do we each have something to bet on?” “I have candies from planet Earth!” Tret announced excitedly. “Nice,” Kylo commented nodding his head in approval. “Well, I have a bunch of these glow in the dark condoms!” Jax stated proudly. Kylo blushed, and Tret spit out their cocktail. “Why do you carry glow in the dark condoms? You don’t have a dick, and neither does the ciswoman you’re dating!” Tret shrieked. Jax shrugged, “They’re glow in the dark condoms! ” she repeated like it was obvious. Tret gaped at her, and Kylo smirked. “What about you master?” Jax asked. Kylo leaned back in his chair and folded his arms. “I have a live creature.” “A creature?” Tret asked. Kylo nodded. “What type of creature?” Jax asked, her interest piqued. Kylo got up and walked over to his closet door. He opened it slightly, cautious of the thing trying to attack him, and grabbed the creature, it seemed to be sleeping. Kylo held it out proudly to the other knights. “Where did you find that?” Tret groaned out. “It was here in my quarters.” “Is that the thing that nicked you?!” Jax asked, concern shown on her face. Kylo rolled his eyes, “yea..” Tret beamed, “That thing reminds me of this stew my mum used to cook. Okay, let’s play! I want that creature!” Kylo placed the animal back in his closet and closed the door. As he sat down, he grinned at Tret, it wasn’t like they were going to win! Jax was really good, and Kylo wasn’t the best, but he could beat Tret easily. --- The damn kid won. Kylo applauded him. Treat beamed widely and held out his arms, wanting his reward. Kylo grunted and opened his closet door. He was surprised to see it still sleeping. “Here you are, one orange thing.” Kylo announced. Jax sneered. “Tret, once you cook that stew, you gotta give us some!” Kylo nodded in agreement. “Sure,” is all Tret said. --- The next day, Kylo sat down in the Officer’s hall quietly eating the stew that Tret made. It was warm, and the animal’s meat tasted light and airy, but it went well with the brew. He was eating alone of course, Kylo didn’t want anyone to see his face. Plus he wasn’t the best with people. So it came as a shock to him when Hux of all people, entered the quiet hall slightly red and quietly sobbing. He didn’t notice Kylo at first. Kylo cleared his throat to let Hux know that someone else was in there. Hux turned towards sharply, and Kylo was taken aback by what he saw. Hux’s normally cold eyes were so expressive. His nose, cheeks, and eyes were red and puffy. To put it plainly, he looked like shit. “Wow, you look like shit.” Kylo kicked himself for his terrible conversational skills. Hux scoffed, “Make fun of me all you want Lord Ren. I couldn’t care less what a brute like you thinks about me.” They both knew that that wasn’t true. “Hux, why don’t you just sit here and tell me what’s going on.” Kylo gestured towards the chair across from his. Hux sniffled and slumped down into the seat. “I can’t find my cat,” Hux said simply. Kylo pretended to nod empathetically, he had no idea what a khat was. “I’ve searched everywhere for her, and I can’t find her.” “What does she look like?” Kylo didn’t know why he even asked. It wasn’t like he cared about the General’s life. “She’s orange, and she has green eyes.” Kylo nodded understandbly. “Huh, that sounds like the thing I found in my room, fucking bastard.” Kylo grunted out while he slurped his stew. “What thing in your room Ren?” “There was some animal in my room. It was orange and had bright green eyes. It fucking scratched me.” Hux stood up sharply. “Where is it now?!” Hux asked desperately. Kylo chuckled, “Here.” “Here?” “Ya, here?” “Here where?” “Here in my bowl,” Kylo said as he slurped his stew, really he couldn’t figure out why Hux was so invested in his lunch. “ Oh , you damn FOOL!” Hux shouted as he slapped the bowl away from Kylo. Kylo stood up quickly. “THAT WAS MY LUNCH” “THAT WAS MY CAT! YOU ATE MY CAT YOU GIANT SAD EXCUSE OF A GROWN MAN!” Kylo’s eyes widened as he realized what he had done. “Hux, I’m so so sorry. I really didn’t mean it.” Hux slapped him and then walked sharply out of the room. Kylo stood there feeling guilty. Something he hadn’t felt in years. --- If Kylo thought Hux hated him before, he didn’t truly know the definition of the word. He thought that Hux would never forgive Kylo. Then Starkiller base blew up. --- Once in medbay, Kylo reached out to where Hux was seated next to him. “Hux, if I die, I want you to know that I am truly sorry. I didn’t mean why to eat your cat.” Hux sighed and chuckled. “Why do you even care Lord Ren?” “I, I don’t want us to argue anymore. We should work together.” Hux sharply inhaled. “You’re right.” “Friends?” Kylo asked hopefully. Hux snorted, “Acquaintances.” Kylo weakly grinned, that was more than enough for Kylo. Notes: TW: This fic contains people eating certain animals that most would consider wrong to eat. This fic doesn't go into detail of what happens to the animal, but I thought I should warn people? In advance. -- Omfg, this ending is shiiittt! ANYWAY, I hope you liked this terrible idea of a fic! <33 Check out the series description for cool links and more information about this event! (X) Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 12 of the Original Huxloween Stories series Next Work →