NM Highway 82 West Rey had grown up in the desert, but she'd never seen one this beautiful. It was endless. It was unbearably hot. And it was perfect. The Land of Enchantment. She had taken a selfie with the sign at the state border. As soon as she had seen the faded sheet of painted metal, decorated with a chilli pepper and the constellation of bulletholes that seemed almost like a prerequisite now, she'd fallen in love. That's how she finds herself here, in southern New Mexico in July. She's immediately smitten, despite it being so damn hot . The beater car she'd bought on the cheap is starting to act up. The engine temperature keeps flickering towards overheating but turning off the air conditioning isn't an option. At all. So instead she just pulls over frequently to rest it. Lets the car idle and fans herself with one of the gossip mags she'd bought at a very colorful and tiny convenience store that morning. Those, along with a dozen quart bottles of water, some junk food, and the required amounts of Tequila that she'd randomly developed a taste for. Running away from her home had been stupid. Her friends had encouraged her. “Go out and see the world,” they'd say to her. Except then she went and did just that. Suddenly they changed their mind and started blowing up her phone, telling her how worried they were. Apparently “seeing the world” hadn't extended as far as hopping on a plane, almost broke, and then bumming around the United States on an expired visa. She was having a great time. That doesn't mean it's been easy. Every time a police car passes her heart flops in her throat. But so far they've just stopped to see if she needed help. Only one had asked for her ID and thought her British driver's license was “a hell of a thing”. Whatever that meant. But no further questions and no problems. Rey knows that she won't always be so lucky. One day her recklessness will catch up to her and get her into one hell of a lot of trouble. And that's what brought her here, to New Mexico. To a place in the desert so remote that it could very well be listed in the dictionary under “middle of nowhere”. This was also where she first saw him . A stranger, strange in more ways than one, all by himself on a lonely stretch of westbound Highway 82. Between one town to the east that was barely fit to be called a town, and the city of Alamogordo where Rey had been hoping to get her engine looked at. The stranger was an incredibly tall, dark haired hitchhiker. Dressed ridiculously in black jeans and a matching hoodie. Scowling in the small amount of shade cast from a rocky spire next to the road. How he hadn't collapsed on a day this scorchingly hot was beyond her. She had slowed down when she saw him appear at the horizon. Wondering if he was nothing more than a sun-induced mirage on the edge of the blacktop. He almost looked like exactly that. A flickering dark shape that was so out of place that it just couldn't be really real. Then he'd raised his hand, thumb up. She hadn't seen a single other car since early morning. There weren't even supposed to be any houses or towns out here. The stranger takes a step out of his shade. Stands next to the white line. She realizes that she had kept slowing down as she was staring at him. Okay, no . Single women don't pick up hitchhikers. Everyone knows that and tells her that. Especially monstrously tall, young male hitchhikers. Dressed like that. In the middle of nowhere. With a pained expression, she waves to him in an apology. That was shitty of her, she shouldn't have slowed down like that and gotten his hopes up. The stranger watches her. She can't bring herself to look at him. Instead, she swerves around him into the other lane and speeds up. Sees him in her rear view mirror step out into the middle of the road. Stand there watching her as they both get smaller on each other's horizons. A few minutes go by. That was very strange and... kind of creepy, honestly. She tries not to think about it. And then she starts to feel really bad about it. Maybe he'd been in an accident and was stranded out there?Or... or needed help with something else? But then wouldn't he have, like, tried to flag her down more? Looked more desperate? Not just broodily stare at her. She should have asked him if he needs her to call someone or get some help.At the very least she could have given him some water. If nobody else comes by he might actually die out there. On a day like today and dressed like that. Rey sighs, pulling her car onto the side of the road. The highway ahead of her is made of a narrow twist of black lines where the pavement has cracked under the intense heat. The terrain is starting to climb in elevation but goddamn is it still hot. She unlocks her seatbelt and twists halfway into the back. Grabs four of the bottles of water and a little thing of fruit and nut mix. Dumps them in a grocery bag on the passenger side and strums her fingers against the steering wheel. 113 degrees. That's what the temperature on the dashboard says. Hotter than hot.It hasn't really changed even as she started ascending into the mountains. And the engine temperature had been edging a little over the safe zone but now the gauge has gone right back to the middle. Maybe it's a sign. Do a good deed or do unto others or something along those lines. Gods know that she could use some good karma for when her luck finally runs out. That, and it's just the right thing to do. That's the thought that settles it for her. Sticks to her conscience until she has no choice but to turn the car around. It's only a few miles back. She still hasn't seen anyone else on the road in either direction. So she goes back. But the stranger is gone when she gets there. She had locked the doors when she had gotten close to that rock spire. Had planned on handing him his survival kit through a quarter-opened window. Instead all she finds is an empty space next to the rocks. Confused, she slows down and pulls off onto the shoulder. In those few short minutes since she'd gone past the sun had shifted and the shade is now gone. Maybe he was nearby, hiding out under a tree or somewhere else where he could still see the road? It's possible, except that all the trees here are short junipers and you'd think a black behemoth shape like he was would stand out. A few minutes go by as she lets the car idle. Cooling down the engine again while she waits. Then she honks the horn a few times. Maybe he'd gone further away from the road? Was she wrong and there actually were some houses out here somewhere? Five minutes and still nothing. There's a scuffed area in the gravel at the base of the rock where she had last seen him standing. The faint outline of footprints in the looser silt. It's the only proof she has that he wasn't just some sun-addled hallucination. If she was a really, r eally good person... maybe she could follow the prints and make sure he didn't wander off into the hills and collapse. She's not that good of a person. The guy was creepy and it's too hot to even think about leaving her cocoon o cool air. However, if she sees a forest ranger or benevolent looking policeman, she'll tell them. Do at least that much. Disquieted but out of acceptable options, Rey pulls her car away slowly. Scanning both near and far on each side of the road. Seeing nothing but rolling sandy hills and junipers. The rockspire gets smaller in the rear mirror again. For a second she thinks she sees that dark shape on the horizon. She slams the brakes. The shape flickers and melts into the road. This time it really was just a mirage from the heat. * Her beater car isn't going to make it all way to Alamogordo. And now she's really in a mess. It had started limping hard as the highway rose up into the mountains. Engine temperature spiking and knocking like it's got a gas tank of water even though it doesn't. Rey has to pull over all the time now, barely making it a mile between cool downs. She even has to turn down -but not completely off- the air conditioning. Her GPS tells her she's at just over 8,000ft and it's 78 degrees. It still feels much hotter than that. The sunlight is just insane over here. There's no other place quite like it. Another miserable hour passes before she reaches a plateau. It's late afternoon now and the road is splitting off into two directions. There's a bigger town 40 miles to the north but she doubts she can make it that far. A faded sign straight ahead tells her “Cloudcroft 6 miles”. She doesn't want to risk breaking down and getting caught out here in the night. It's almost guaranteed to attract attention that she doesn't want. So she goes straight. And she sees him again. That same tall man in black. Thumb in the air, watching the only car on the road as it approaches him. This time he's taken off his hoodie. Has a black T-shirt on under it. And just what kind of weirdo is he? Maybe having everything the same color makes getting dressed easier or something, she muses. Despite knowing better, she starts slowing down. Still feeling guilty about before and now oddly compelled to offer her help. She pulls over after double checking that all the doors are locked. Opens the window a fraction and calls out. “Hey?” It's a dumb thing to say. She could at least have gone with hello or something less juvenile. The man stares at her for a few seconds. Then pushes away from the pine tree he'd been leaning on. Walks a little closer. He looks tired and she can see a faint scar across his face. It makes her feel bad. Looking a crazy mess like that must have made getting a ride even harder. “Hello.” “I saw you earlier,” she tells him. “A couple of miles back. I'm sorry I didn't stop.” He stares at her. A long moment of increasingly awkward silence passes. She glances at the locks for the third time. Twiddles her fingers on the steering wheel. “Why didn't you?” he finally asks. Such an odd, low voice that he has. “Um...” She probably should lie. Definitely should lie. “I was having car problems. I didn't want to pick you up only to have us break down in a few minutes.” A half-truth. Those are the best kind of lies. The man frowns. Then nods. “We saw you pulled over. I asked him to stop but he didn't want to.” He tosses his jacket over his shoulder, looks up the road. He doesn't seem quite as scary now that she's seeing him up close. He still kind of is, though. “He?” Rey asks. “The guy who gave me a lift. We saw your car pulled over but you looked like you were taking a nap. He didn't want to stop and bother you.” Oh. Well, she had taken a short catnap during one of her engine breaks. It must have only been for a minute or two, but that explains how he beat her up to here. “So he just dropped you off again?” “He was going north,” He gestures to the side road behind them with a tilt of his head. “I'm heading west. Just like you are.” The stranger leaves the words hanging in the air. Rey fidgets again. Torn between a bad idea and a selfish act. It's... only six miles to town. She can be a good Samaritan and take him there. “Do you, uh, know this area at all?” she asks. He shrugs. “I need a mechanic to look at my car. Do you know if there's one in town?” He shifts from side to side, looking enormous, still kind of creepy, and hopeful. “Yeah,” he says. “At least there was one last time I was here. It's off the main street, though. Would be hard for you to find.” And the man's subtle, too. But her GPS hadn't listed any mechanics anywhere nearby so... She sighs. Bites the bullet. “Would you... like a ride into town? I won't be able to take you any further but-” “That's fine,” he interrupts her. “I mean, that will be fine.” He shrugs again. She realizes he's hunching over ever so faintly. Like he's trying to make himself look smaller and less imposing. “Sure. Maybe you can find someone else to give you a lift from there.” He nods. Pulls on the door handle. It snaps and does nothing. He almost looks offended for a second, then hides it. “Uh, sorry. I forgot.” Rey presses the unlock button. He gives her an unreadable expression than gets in. Has to slouch so his head doesn't brush against the roof. She puts the car into gear and they start driving. He's very quiet and spends most of his time looking at his shoes. The silence makes Rey even more uncomfortable. So she starts talking to fill the space between them. Rattling off what she thinks is wrong with the engine. All the ways she could fix it herself if she only had the right tools. But of course she didn't take them with her and now she has to waste her money getting someone else to do it for her. The stranger perks up after a while. Starts asking her a few questions. Questions about her accent and what she's doing way out here. He agrees about the middle of nowhere part. She doesn't ask him why he's here. Neither of them asks each other's names. They have to stop again outside of the town to cool the engine. He asks if he can have a drink of water and she gives him one of the bottles by his feet. He seems grateful. Maybe he's not so bad after all. It can't be easy hitchhiking through the desert when you look like he does. Nobody's ever going to want to stop. The car makes it into town. Barely. The stranger directs her to a garage three blocks off the main street and behind a Family Dollar. She lets him keep the bottle of water and gives him another “for the road”. They part ways with a thanks and a wave. * It takes a while to find the mechanic. No one was in the garage or opened the door when Rey had knocked at the office. She eventually asks at the store and the disinterested teenager there says that's her dad's shop. Calls him up and tells her to go to the blue house behind the garage. Rey's pretty sure the mechanic's drunk when she knocks on the matching blue door. Or at least he sure acts like it. The middle aged man who answers is friendly enough, though, but slurring his words slightly. He says she'll have to come back tomorrow. “Do you think I can make it to Alamogordo like this?” Rey asks him. They're standing out in his driveway. He's bent over the open hood and she's clinging to the edges of the shade. It's getting cooler as the evening approaches, especially at this altitude. Cloudcroft is actually a pretty appropriate name, even the air is thinner here. But despite that she can still feel a sunburn start. It's that New Mexican sun... it's just indescribable. He pushes away. Looks skeptically at the engine and back to her. She likes him, even if he's drunk at this time of day. A man who doesn't ask too many questions can be forgiven for a lot. “Doubt it,” he says, fiddling with one of the connectors. “You said it's been getting worse?” She nods. “Very quickly. Much worse since this morning.” “Then I wouldn't risk it. Alamo's all the way down in the basin. You've got to get off these mountains first. Takes me a few hours. It'd take you all day on this engine.” “If I even make it there.” “If you even make it there.” Rey sighs. Then explains her financial issues to him. Says she's handy with fixing things. They strike an agreement that she'll come by tomorrow. She'll help him out with some of the other jobs that he's got lined up. Then he'll make her a good deal on fixing her engine. At least enough to get her a few hundred more miles. He tells her about a hotel nearby. She smiles and thanks him. Pretends to drive off in the direction he'd pointed to. Then she circles back and heads out towards the forest to the south. Gods bless these Americans and their free camping in the national forests. Without that she'd have been sleeping in her car every night for the last six months. * Outside of the town, on a narrow paved road to some place called Sunspot, she meets him again. She had stopped at the local Ranger Station to fill up her large 20 gallon water cooler she'd stolen from a Walmart a few weeks back. The main office had been closed, but she'd went into their vestibule to get some maps of the area. By the time she gets back to her car, the Stranger in Black is standing next to it. She freezes mid-step. Drops one of the maps onto the sidewalk. Stranger in Black turns to her. He smiles warmly at her. “We've got to stop meeting like this,” he jokes. Then his smile fades as he takes in her frown. “I'm not stalking you. I swear.” That does nothing to convince her. This is starting to go beyond just mere coincidence. His shoulders slump and he steps away from her car. Steps sideways, neither closer or further from her. It takes Rey a moment to find her voice. “What are you doing here?” she asks. “I thought you were heading west?” He looks down at the ground. Sticks his hands in his pockets. “Tried to. But no one was around. Anywhere. You're the only one I've seen driving out of town.” That's very true. No one was around. They were alone in this parking lot together. A fact that Rey is suddenly acutely aware of. “This isn't the main road out. This goes to some little town and dead ends.” She doesn't want to sound like she's making an accusation, but... “I was... going to sleep out. Tonight. I heard there's a hotel in town but I can't afford it so... I'll just sleep out.” He's choosing his words very carefully. She looks him over. Not a single piece of luggage on. Just his hoodie. “It's over 9,000ft here. I think it's going to get pretty cold tonight,” she tells him. He nods. Then swallows, his Adam’s apple bobbing with the movement. “It always does out in the desert. Temperature plummets at night.” Both of them stay rooted to the spot. He stares at her. When it starts to make her visibly uncomfortable he nods again, returns his gaze to the ground. Hunches that little bit like he did before. “You didn't get your car fixed?” Rey blinks at the sudden change of subject. “Not yet. The place was closed.” “Oh. Okay.” The silence comes back. Rey scowls at him deliberately this time. Hoping that the Stranger in Black takes the hint. He doesn't. She sighs. “I need to get going. Could you... Um... Well, good luck with sleeping out tonight.” She takes a few steps closer to her car. He stays right where he is, standing forlornly next to the rear door. When she gets to him and he still doesn't move, she opens the drivers door and tries to get in. He stops her with a feather-light tap on her shoulder. There's nothing threatening in the gesture, at least not beyond the context of the situation. Still, her arm jumps and she has to fight the impulse to recoil. The creepy stranger just touched her. He shouldn't have done that, even if it was only for a microsecond. Her heart begins to race and she struggles to come up with some appropriate objection but she's having a hard time thinking. “Hey?” he says, repeating the first word she had ever said to him. “Thanks for giving me a lift into town.” She wants to say “you're welcome” and get in. Drive off and find an extra, super hidden nook in the woods to set up her tent. But she finds that she can't. It's like she's frozen to the spot. He's staring at her intensely now. Leaning towards her slightly. Then he touches her shoulder again. Pats it twice and holds it under his palm. Never breaking their eye contact. “Why don't you take me with you.” It's not a question. Rey's head feels muggy. Almost as if she's having an out of body experience. But his suggestion actually seems like a great idea. A perfect idea, in fact. “Why don't you come with me?” she asks. Her voice sounds strange to her own ears. “We can find a place in the forest and camp tonight.” That's an even better idea. “We can camp together. I have a tent. You'll be cold in the forest without one.” “I can sleep in the car. You won't feel uncomfortable if I do that.” “You can sleep in my car, if that would make you more comfortable?” Everything makes perfect sense. Rey holds her breath, hoping that he'll say yes to her offer. He smiles. “Okay.” He lets go of her shoulder. She leans against the door frame, blinking. Feeling lightheaded. She must not have eaten enough today or all the sun finally got to her after all. The stranger walks around the car and gets in the passenger's seat. “Let's get going. Make camp before it gets too dark,” he says, looking cheerful once again. Rey sits down in the driver's seat. Puts the keys in the lock and shakes her head, trying to clear the fog from it. “Are you ready to go?” she asks, putting on her seatbelt. He does the same. “We should find a campsite before it gets dark.” The stranger smiles at her. Nods. She puts the car in reverse and he helps her back up out of the narrow parking lot without hitting anything. “We should find some place private,” he tells her as she turns onto the main road and starts heading out of town. She's starting to feel a little better. “There might be a lot of other tourists around. It's the middle of summer and all...” Great point. She hadn't seen any tourists all day, but... great point. “That sounds good. I don't really like other people too much.” He looks at her from the corner of his eye. “Me neither. Most people. Some are okay.” She nods. “I hope so.” Chapter 2 : Yes, No, Yes, No Summary: Day two for the unlikely duo. Our heroine is determined to find a way shake off her new travel companion. Of course said companion is having absolutely none of that. And they still need to get that damn engine fixed at some point. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey woke up with the dawn. It was cold, and the pale light from outside gave everything an eerie, almost otherworldly glow. For several minutes she just stares up at the ceiling of her tent. Watches the shadows cast by the branches above her flicker with the breeze. Something is off. She feels strange. Very confused and trying to put together- She sits up abruptly as the events from the day before come flooding back. How could she have forgotten even for a moment? Seeing him, then meeting him, then... why the hell did she let him into her car? Taken him here with her? Wait... where is here ? Only bits and flashes of the evening come back to her. She remembers feeling very faint. Unwell and with her head in a fog. It doesn't anymore, at least. But her memories are scattered. Huge gaps in what she can recall that only seem to move further away when she tries to reach out to them. If she really concentrates, she can barely remember pulling out from the station with her new passenger. Then seeing flashes of trees illuminated by her headlights. It hadn't been dark when they'd left. They must have been driving for a while. It's scary. Genuinely frightening to just not be able to remember more . Physically, at least, she feels fine now. Enough to know that she wasn't... compromised in any way. But just having a total blackout like this- Footsteps come from outside, interrupting her thoughts. If she squints she can almost make out a shadow moving in the near distance. She holds her breath. The footsteps come closer. Should she do something? Most likely it's him . But he hasn’t done anything to hurt her. Or at least she doesn't think so. The scream building up in her throat seems excessive and unnecessary The footsteps stop. The quiet extends into full silence. She's afraid to move, or even breathe too hard. Do anything that might give away that she's awake. Seconds go by. Then she thinks she can hear a sigh. The footsteps start to move away. The shadow glides past, silhouetted by the first ray of sunlight and projected larger than life against the wall of her tent. Rey waits another minute. Motionless and listening. Then decides this is ridiculous and crawls out of her sleeping bag. * It's so beautiful here. When Rey gets out she remembers pulling into this spot. Her memory gets jogged by the tall spiraling trees and the rockslide in the near distance. This spot was some distance down a dirt road. Her beater car had trouble making it over some of the bumps. She can't believe she was driving on a road like this in such a disoriented state. If any police had been around they would have pulled her over and thought she was drunk. But still, they made it here. Somehow. Rey also remembers not feeling well. Or at least saying that she wasn't feeling well. She'd lied about it, said she was tired. She'd really just wanted to get away from him. He'd seemed sad. Quiet and sad. But he had helped her put up her tent. They had both struggled with it and had to use the headlights to see since she couldn't find a flashlight. Little bits and pieces of her memory trickle in like that. But, for the most part, everything else that happened since he got in her car was still a numb spot in her mind. And now the Stranger's nowhere to be seen. Had he told her his name? He might have. But he's not here now and she can't help but feel relieved. The passenger seat of her car is in full recline. The only proof she has that this whole thing hadn't just been part of her addled dreams from last night. Rey sighs, longing for a hot cup of coffee. Looks around, hugging her arms tightly against herself from the cold. The sun's just starting to rise. It won't be cold for long, even at this altitude. No sounds other than the wind and her own breath. He's really not here anymore. She wastes no more time. Takes down her tent in a hurry. Not bothering to pack it up properly and instead just throws it in a bundle in the backseat of her car. Then she turns on the engine and gets the hell out of there. * Rey doesn't get very far. It's been less than ten minutes, much less than a mile, when she meets him again. That same dark stranger who keeps popping up no matter where she goes. Except this time she looks really guilty. He's walking up the road, back towards the campsite, and there's no way to explain what she's doing other than she had tried to split and abandon him out here. He stares at her, wide-eyed. She wants to keep going, hit the gas pedal even if the road is in shit condition and she should drive slow on it. Instead her foot suddenly hits the brakes. Her car lunges to a stop, smashing her against the steering wheel. Reminding her that she was in such a hurry to hightail it out of there she forgot to buckle up. “Something wrong?” he asks dryly, opening the passenger door a crack. Watching as she rubs the soon-to-be bruise on her sternum. There's not much she can say. It's exactly what it looks like. “Sorry,” she mumbles. He glares. She pushes herself back up. Buckles her belt and presses her lips together into a thin line. Hopes he'll just... go away. “Is it alright if I get in?” Or are you just going to leave me out here? She can almost hear that last part in her mind. His annoyed body language speaking volumes. “Yeah. Okay.” Her voice is weak. He gets in with a huff. Fuck. “Um, should I...” she fiddles with the heater, noticing how pale he is and how he tucks his hands under his arms. “Should I drop you somewhere in town?” He holds his hands in front of the vent. “Sure. Beats having to walk all the way back.” She puts the car in gear. He gives her a sidelong glare. Then apparently decides to drop the whole 'running away' issue. They're further down this dirt road than she'd originally thought. Not that she could remember much about last night though, anyhow. She has to go under 20 to avoid the potholes. He stays quiet, still sulking. Occasionally gripping onto the bar above the door when they go over a particularly bad bump. “I went for a walk,” he finally says. “Sorry?” “I just went out for a walk. This morning. I wanted to see the dawn. I've always liked it up here...” “Oh.” Well, she hadn't actually asked. But she had been wondering. And, in fact, that sounds like a perfectly reasonable thing for someone to do. More or less. And it makes her feel like even more of a bitch for trying to ditch him like that. When the next awkward silence becomes too much she turns on the radio and lets him pick the station. * Motown. The Stranger likes Motown. That and light jazz. She would have assumed he'd like heavy metal, or black metal, or Black Sabbath. Or something else that matched his clothes. Hits from the Oldies wouldn't have been in her top 100 guesses. He's staring out the window, watching the countryside go by. Holding onto the door like he's afraid she's going to throw it open and heave him out at any moment. How ridiculous. She could barely budge him an inch. Well, maybe she could if she really, really tried. His head turns and he looks over at her with a raised eyebrow. She realizes she was laughing under her breath, feeling profoundly amused by how his chin would bob slightly with the upbeat rhythm. “It's nothing,” she says, brushing a hand through her hair to disguise her reaction. “Just thinking to myself.” He seems like he's about to argue and she clicks the radio up. They fall back into a silence she decides to consider as 'companionable'. * “So where do you want me to leave you?” They're approaching that little town again. It's still very early in the morning, helped by her rapid exodus from the campsite, and she's not sure the mechanic will be open yet. But it's time for them to say their goodbyes. “You're in a rush?” he asks, tone flat. He's staring straight ahead out the front window but she can see his back stiffen. She starts to a get a sinking feeling he's not planning on being reasonable. “Yes, I am,” she lies. She can feel him looking at her. It makes her cringe despite herself. And when she meets his gaze he's scowling. The he immediately turns back to the window. “Um, what I mean is...” She swallows, trying not to let her rising nervousness effect her. “It might take all day to get my engine fixed. I wouldn't want to delay you from-” “You won't be.” “But you need to find a ride. People may be going down the mountain for work or for the day. One of them might-” “I can wait and go with you.” Rey can feel the beginning of a headache forming. Somehow she just knew that would be his answer. “You'll need to find someone else. I'm not going the same way you're heading.” “Yes, you are.” Her fingers tighten on the steering wheel. He must notice because he slumps down, leans a little further away from her. Like he's trying to not seem intimidating. Which is completely impossible when you look like he does. “You said you were going to Alamogordo to get your car fixed,” he says, hints of irritation lacing in his voice. “I'm going that way too. It works for both of us.” “I didn't say that.” She eyes the cluster of buildings slowly approaching in the distance. Just another mile or two. “Yes, you did. Last night.” He looks at where she's looking and frowns. Holds onto the armrest of the door again. Well shit, she might have said that then. Everything about last night is still muddled in her head. She falls silent. Trying to think of some polite way of giving him the boot out of her life. Sneaks a quick glance at him from the corner of her eye. His head is tipped down ever so slightly and his mouth is pressed into a firm line. He seems very... somber But she just can't let the puppy-dog routine work. And she wasn't lying: she really does have to have to get her engine fixed. “How about here?” she says, pointing at a wide, gravel pulloff. They'd just rejoined Highway 82 and any traffic going through the area would have to drive right by this spot. When he doesn't answer she shrugs, puts on her blinker and starts to slow down. He opens and closes his mouth like he's about to say something. Then, just as she's about to pull in, he grabs the wheel and jerks it to the left. The car practically jumps back onto the road, swerving into the oncoming lane. “Hey!” she shouts, slamming her foot onto the brakes. “What are you doing?!” He lets go abruptly, pulling away and recoiling back to his side of the cabin. “Keep going.” He says it as an order. Like he can just command her to do whatever he wants. Indignation washes over her, making her sputter for a moment before finding her voice. “Get out. Now.” She grips the wheel tightly. He doesn't move. “I said get -” “No.” He raises his hand and for a moment she flinches, wondering if he's about to strike her. Then he clenches it into a fist and punches it against his own thigh. Gritting his teeth tightly. Rey's anger immediately starts to transform into fear. Okay, maybe there really is something seriously wrong with this guy. But she has to somehow try and keep control of the situation. “Get out of my car,” she tells him again, trying to keep her voice level and sound more confident than she feels. Not sure how to enforce it or what she can do if he doesn't . He doesn't move. Of course he doesn't move. Instead, he just frowns at the floor. The hand on his leg opening and clenching. “Keep driving. Please.” Please . As if that one word would make a difference. She's about to insist again when she feels an odd twinge in the back of her head. Like an itch running along her scalp. For a moment she almost wants to drop it. Just keep driving to appease him and avoid a conflict. Then she brushes it away. Steadies her voice. “No,” she repeats, glaring at him sternly. “I want you to get out of my car. Now .” He sighs deeply, closing his eyes and letting his shoulders slump. For a second she thinks he's actually going to go, then he mutters “fuck” under his breath, glaring at the road ahead. Another car is driving down towards them, just cresting into sight on the horizon. A black semi-truck, technically. She's still partially sticking out into their lane. “Keep driving,” he tell her. He's not going to let this go, is he? Rey's had enough. She turns, unlocking his seatbelt from the mechanism. Then she reaches over him to the door handle, intent on throwing it open and heaving him out somehow. If he puts up a fight, hopefully she can flag the other driver down and get help. He snatches her wrist from mid-air, squeezing it firmly when she yelps and tries to jerk it back. “Don't do that. Keep driving .” She wants to demand again that he leaves her car. Shout at him to let her go and just get the hell away from her. But just like yesterday she suddenly feels dizzy. Disconnected from herself with an intense sense of pressure in her mind. She tries to fight it and he squeezes harder, leaning closer and staring at her with focus. Drive. When her arm goes slack he lets go of her wrist. It falls limply onto his lap. She watches as he picks it up. Places her hand back on the steering wheel. Her foot leaves the brake pedal that she'd been stomping down on this whole time. “Everything's fine,” he tells her, looking at the truck approaching then back to her. “Just start driving. You're fine.” She accelerates slowly, feeling oddly like she's underwater. Straightens their car up and gets back into her own lane. The truck passes and the Stranger waves at the driver. Some older man in a baseball cap. He ignores them completely, continuing on past to wherever he was heading. They do the same. * They stop at a viewpoint a few miles past the town. Rey is feeling a little more clear but it's hard for her to drive. Her reaction times are off and she kept almost running stop signs and lights. The Stranger insists on them pulling over now, which is just fine with her. The last thing she wants is to have any problems with the local police. She feels oddly calm as she steps out. Nauseous and slightly groggy, but calm. Rey knows she should be more upset about what happened, but she can’t quite seem to bring herself to be. In its place is simply a sort of numb acceptance that drowns out all her attempts to figure out what happened. When she could speak again, she told him that she's more worried. It's a long way down off the mountain. She still has to get her car fixed and she thinks there's something wrong with her. She doesn't know why she's acting like this. The Stranger had told her she was probably just dehydrated. He'd given her some water and told her they shouldn't stop at the mechanic in town. He was worried it would take too long, and wouldn't it be better to just wait and get it done at a big chain shop later on? At the time she had agreed, not wanting to spend all day in some tiny waiting room. Except she wouldn't have been, would she? No. She'd made a deal to help fix up some- “Hey, come over here,” her persistent new companion calls out to her. Interrupting her from her thoughts which immediately dissipate into the back of her mind. He's standing in front of a small podium. Unfolding beyond him is a dramatic view of the desert floor, unfolding thousands of feet below. “Are you feeling better?” he asks when she steps out of the car and cautiously approaches him. He'd been nothing short of a complete gentleman since that incident half an hour ago. Asking her what she'd like to listen to, if she needed to stop to just let him know. And now he's trying to act like her friend. Keeping a respectful and polite distance as he plays tour guide. Pointing to different objects on the horizon. “And that over there is White Sands,” he points at a pale swath in the distance. “It's a National Monument and also next to an army base. It's a really beautiful area, we should check it out when we go by.” Rey stays silent. Her fingers itching to pull out her camera and just start snapping away like the perfect tourist cliché, but her mind rebelling against his aggressive attempts at chivalry. The blatantly obvious “we” of his statements grating on her nerves. When she doesn't respond he seems to grow both frustrated and more apologetic. Tries harder to play nice and be charming. Offers to take a picture of her with the valley as the background. And it's just not in Rey's nature to hold a grudge. To be petty and maintain her cold shoulder when it's so obvious that it's effecting someone else. So she takes him up on his offer. Even tries to smile despite her pounding head and shaken nerves. When she tells him that she's going to take that short trail up to the lookout point and he hesitates, visibly wavering between following her and waiting by the car for her to get back. She reluctantly invites him to go with her. Even asks him about the mountains she can see in the distance across the basin. He follows immediately, head higher and a new pace to his stride. Irrationally it makes her feel good about herself. She's made someone else happy. She can tolerate this creeper for a few more hours. But, no matter what, she can't shake how worried she feels. He had scared her badly back there. His quiet and little-boy-lost personality taking such a sudden 180. She had actually been afraid for her own safety for a moment, and then... And then she'd... had a hard time. Her mind had just shut down. Something really was wrong with her. And he'd taken advantage of it. “What's your name?” she asks out of the blue. Squinting against the glare of the sun as she reads the dais signboard that describes the geology of the area. He stands to the side, blocking it with his massive shadow so she can see better. “You forgot?” She looks up at him. His face is perfectly stoic. “You told me before?” He nods. “Last night.” “Sorry... I wasn't feeling well. I can't remember even asking you.” She's not really sorry, but it seems like the polite thing to say. Unreasonably, she keeps feeling angry with him about her memory lapses. Those aren't his fault, though he's certainly done plenty of other things for her to be cross over. “It's Kylo,” he says, stepping away and turning to walk back down the path. “You thought it was a weird name last night. I'm surprised you forgot.” As hard as she tries, Rey can't remember that at all. But at least she has a name to call him by. It's probably fake, but that doesn't really matter. Sooner or later she's going to find a way to get rid of him, and then he'll just be an odd footnote in her memory. * Predictably, her car problems had not spontaneously fixed themselves. They had made it down off the mountain. Barely. Stopping every few miles to let the engine cool. The mechanic had been right: it really was an all-day trip with her car in its current shape. In a way Rey didn't mind, she was enjoying the scenery and the leisurely pace. But she would have much rather just had everything taken care of and to be alone. Not to have her temperamental new companion constantly lurking in her periphery. It had been mid-afternoon when they finally got to the bottom of the valley. They'd had to stop again and she'd looked up several mechanics in the next town. Made a few calls and chose the cheapest one available. Set an appointment for tomorrow morning bright and early. That meant another night of sleeping out. She was fine with that. It's what she'd been doing for months now. The problem – the most serious problem – was what to do about him? She'd been rolling over ideas in her mind. Thinking of what was the most tactful way to convince him he needed to go. Convince him to find someone else to give him a ride and let him cling to them for company or attention or whatever the hell it was that he really wanted. As she'd been thinking about it, he'd been visibly growing more irritated. Maybe he saw how her eyes would slide towards him every time they reached a crossroads. Sometimes she would take a deep breath. Getting ready to start 'The Talk'. Then she'd lose her nerve at his scowl and turn up the radio. And he had tried to make himself useful. To be helpful. Helpful in a passive-aggressive sort of way that made his resolve clear. He'd even borrowed her phone and found a free campground not far from where they were. In normal circumstances she would have been grateful. But he hadn't asked her if that's what she wanted. Hadn't asked if it was okay for him to spend another night with her. He had just told her that she will make a right turn in half a mile. Another order and when she had started to protest he'd glared at her with an expression so sharp and determined that she'd immediately folded. She was still rattled from what had happened this morning, and he yet to apologize or explain himself in any way. He seemed to be simply trying to sweep it under the rug and pretend that his nearly-violent outburst had never even happened. Rather than risk another incident, she gave in quietly. Turned down onto the side road and prayed spending another night in his company wasn't about to be a horrible mistake. Notes: This story is just so much fun to write, I hope everyone else is enjoying reading it, too! I originally had written a different ending to this chapter but it was running long so I think this is a good breaking point. And this way I've got a 700 word head start for next time, so that's always great. Tentatively I'm thinking this fic is going to be between 9 to 12 chapters. I've put down 7 on the listing just in case it runs short but, yeah, 9-12 sounds right. Enough for a proper, full 3-part storyarc. Chapter 3 : Much More Than it First Appeared Summary: Where our duo gets to know the best behavior versions of each other, Rey reluctantly stops trying to kick Kylo to the curb despite some rather shady question marks, and their car situation finds a resolution. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) They don't need a fire that night, but Rey wanted to build one anyhow. Gathering up wood and tending to it gave her the illusion of having something to do. Something other than struggling to make conversation with her quiet and reserved new companion. The campsite that they had found had been one of several strung apart along a dried creek bed. She'd been disappointed when she'd first seen it. If there had been any water running she could have washed and cleaned up. A real shower would be so lovely right now, after several days baking in the sun and making camp in the dirt. Maybe tomorrow night. In the morning she has to worry about how to pay for the repairs to her car. And only then, if she has any money left, she can worry about finding a nice hotel room or a proper campground. She's probably on her own with that, too. Her companion doesn't act like someone who has a dime to his name. In fact, he doesn't even have a single piece of belongings other than the clothes on his back. She wants to ask him about that. Get him to tell her what exactly he was do out in Nowhereland, New Mexico with absolutely nothing along with him. She wants to ask him a lot of things, but he makes her nervous. He's so quiet. And intense. And just always there . Hovering. Granted, he tries to help her do things. Set up their camp or get firewood or make dinner. But he acts as if it's both a totally new experience for him and that she might try to slip away if he looks away for a moment. Like he thinks that the second he turns his back she'll take off again and disappear. She's thought about doing just that, she'll admit. It's been a tempting thought, though one that she's gradually accepting will have to be otherwise. And he's not so bad, really. Pushy and stubborn beyond belief, but he's still someone around for her to talk to. Or at least talk at , as she's trying to do right now. It's early into the night and they're sitting by the fire. Or rather, she's sitting, occasionally poking at it with a stick, and he's absently pacing. Slowly prowling the edges of the flickering ring of light like a guard dog on patrol. It's starting to drive her a little crazy. She wishes he would just sit down. He'd been pacing back and forth for the last twenty minutes and had all but completely rejected her attempts at making conversation. Not only was it rude, but his lack of interest in speaking to her was really starting to get on her nerves. She had already done a tremendous amount for him, all things considered. Was asking him to be slightly more pleasant company so much to ask? “So why are you really here?” she tries again. Rey had been wanting to ask that question all day long. Only now, when they – they – are settled down for the night and she's had a few tequila shots in her can she build up her courage. The Stranger, as she still prefers to think of him, pauses mid-step. Stares at the fire with a serious expression. So he was listening to her, after all. She'd been telling him about herself. The short and polite version of how she came to be here. All in an effort to coax him to reciprocate. Just tell her a tiny bit about himself so she doesn't have to think of him as only 'the man in black who just showed up into her life and now won't leave'. “You're not really going to bring that up again now, are you?” he finally says with a huff. He plucks the stick out of her hand and rakes the coals into a different position. Pretending to be busy with tending the fading embers. Rey stares at him intently, refusing to let him blow her off anymore. “I don't mean why you're here right now, with me,” she says after a moment. “I get that: you needed a ride. What were you doing out there by yourself yesterday?” He gives every appearance of not wanting to answer her, but it's an important question. She takes another sip of her drink and waits him out. Grimaces at the highly unpleasant flavor. Tequila and diet Sprite. A White Trash Margarita, the guy at the liquor store where she had bought it had called it. When she'd offered the stranger- Kylo - some, he'd turned it down with a frown of high contempt. Looking surprisingly snobbish for someone who's apparently a homeless vagabond. It makes her even more curious to know something, anything , about him. “You've been here before, right?” she prompts. He retreats to the other side of the fire ring and makes her talk to him over the dying flames. “To New Mexico? You seem to know your way around pretty well.” He keeps staring at the fire, never at her. Cracks his neck. It makes her want to crack hers, too. “I haven't been here for a very long time,” he finally says. “Close to fifteen years ago.” His voice is very quiet, almost hidden under his breath and the snap of twigs combusting into flame. She nods to let him know that she heard him. Not sure if he sees the gesture or not. “So... you just came back for... sentimentality? You wanted to visit your favorite haunts again or something?” The silence lasts for so long she thinks he's decided to ignore her once more. She sighs and starts to get up when he continues. “No. Not exactly like that. I came here with my family a long time ago. I wanted to...” His voice trails off. “I'm listening,” she tells him, sitting down and scooting to the end of the log she's sitting on so she can see him better past the flames. Maybe it's the tequila warming up her blood, but she can almost feel that this place is very important to him. As if his whole body language is trying to tell her something. “You wanted to...” “Maybe you're right. Maybe it was sentimentality. I... My family is gone now. I wanted to come back here and... remember how they used to be.” He steps away and moves back to his path along the edge of the glow from the fire. “Gone? You mean... they're dead?” It's not the most tactful thing to say. His brow furrows and he steps even further back, all but disappearing out of sight. She can feel him staring at her, though. She takes another long sip of her drink. Scowls at the taste. It tastes nasty and she's a little embarrassed by her bluntness. Maybe she should have said “passed away” or something less direct. “My father is...” Kylo says, breaking the uncomfortable silence, “he died recently. Very recently. And my mother... she's gone. Out of the picture.” Despite Rey's curiosity, she stops herself from asking anything more. She can feel how the mood is suddenly changing. It hadn't exactly been friendly and upbeat before, but now... Now the Stranger is both figuratively and literally pulling back. Somewhere at the edges of her mind is that part of her intuition that's kept her going for so long. Right now it's warning her to tread lightly. He clearly doesn't want to talk about himself, so she shouldn't press him. “I'm sorry,” she says after a time. Finishing her drink and starting to pour another. “For what?” He takes a step closer. Just the one. Then turns down her offer to share her glorified paint thinner cocktail with a dismissive shake of his head. “For your father, I guess. I'm sorry he died. That sucks.” The oddest expression flickers across his face. It goes by so quickly she can't catch its meaning in the dim light. He stares at her, searching her face with his eyes like he's looking for something very specific. She furrows her brows at him, confused. He takes another step forward, bringing more of himself into visibility. There's such an intensity to him that Rey feels her face flush. She hides it behind her drink, making a show of not liking the taste. “ Nhhn, sorry. I shouldn't have said anything. It's none of my business.” He stays silent. Watching her watch him. Until she has to turn away from the odd, one-sided moment they were having. Okay, maybe she's had enough. She sets her drink down and starts to make excuses. It's getting late and they have to get up early and while they're in town she needs to get gas and do laundry and- “Sit for a while,” he interjects, putting another branch on the fire. It snaps and hisses with trapped moisture and Rey uses the sudden spray of sparks into the air and his brief distraction to look him over for a second. What a strange man. So somber and pale and completely out of place against a vibrant desert background like this. “Please.” He'd caught her staring. But he'd also asked nicely, not just ordered her around as he had been so quick to do earlier. So she sits down. Drinks her Trashy cocktail and lets him pace in peace. She tries to talk about music. They don't like the same things and she has no idea who any of the bands that he names are. It seems to frustrate them both. Instead she asks about what else is there to see nearby. That topic, he likes. He tells her about places both near and far away. Places several days away. She doesn't correct him about the obvious implication of that. The obvious presumption he's making. When she stays quiet and listens he finally, finally , stops pacing like a caged animal and sits down, joining her by the fire. * Rey goes to bed that night feeling slightly drunk and with a sense of ease to her mind. Maybe it was because of the alcohol, or maybe because it was a clear, halfmoon night illuminated by an ocean of stars. She had felt oddly comfortable around Kylo. She probably shouldn't, he was still The Stranger to her. It was just that their fireside segue from pleasantries to scratching the surface of each other's lives had been... pleasant. Spending an evening talking with someone – someone other than herself – was a rare luxury. She doesn't get lonely often. Or at least doesn't admit it to herself. But having a companion around wasn't necessarily the worst thing. He'd seemed amused when she'd gotten up and stumbled. She'd pretended that she'd tripped on something but it was so obvious to them both that she was a few past the legal limit. His offer to help her to her tent was declined, but she let him secure and shore up the firepit for the night. Kylo had walked around for a while after that. She had been laying there, curled up in her bag, and listening to his boots crunch on the pine needles. Watching his shadow occasionally cast itself against the walls of her tent. He would pace in a wide circle around their of the camp. Almost like he was guarding her or securing the perimeter. Did he actually think she would try to ditch him again? In the middle of the night? And had he done that the first night, also? Rey had been so out of it then that she couldn't remember. But when she tries to think about it too hard she feels a sudden weight covering her mind. Like a soft push and a feeling of comfort. Just before she falls asleep she hears him open the car door and get in. The worn out old frame creaks and she thinks that it must be so uncomfortable for him. Being that big of a guy and having to sleep in such a small space. Maybe tomorrow they can switch and she'll let him have the tent. It must be the tequila. If she was sober she would be trying to get rid of him, not thinking of longer-term arrangements for her new guest. That sleepy, half-formed idea makes her smile for no reason. It almost doesn't even feel like her own thoughts. * Her dreams aren't nearly so peaceful, however. On the contrary, they're confusing and chaotic and agitating. A muddled mess of images and sounds bombarding her without rhyme or reason. Shouting. She hears a lot of shouting. Sometimes screaming. Fighting and arguing. Men's voices and women's voices. Flashes of pictures and people that Rey has never seen before. Different ages. Most of them adult but some little children as well. It makes her terribly unhappy. Even locked away in her own mind and dreams, it makes her feel absolutely miserable. Miserable and so, so vulnerable. She's had nightmares before, of course, but never like this. It's not the terror of being chased by an anonymous boogey man in a normal scary dream. There's also a feeling of being profoundly desperate. So out of control that she's starting to scare herself. Like she's on a runaway trajectory but she doesn't even know who these people bursting in and out of focus are. The thoughts just keep bombarding her. At some point she realizes that she's dreaming but they just keep filling her head. And they don't make sense . Flooding her with impulses and desire that she would never have but they feel like memories. None of it makes sense. Rey wakes up to the feeling of a hand around her neck. She screams. Of course she screams . Screams so loud it rings in her own ears. Then she kicks and flails and thrashes. Tearing herself out of her sleeping bag rough enough that she rips the zipper right out of its stitches. Only then, when her voice runs out and she's thoroughly hysterical does she realize that she's alone. No one's there, trying to hurt her. It was just a nightmare. A really vivid, disjointed, and horrible nightmare. She checks her tent. It's still sealed up tight. No sign that anyone had tried to get in. Maybe it was the alcohol? She's fallen asleep drunk before and had strange dreams. These were more than just strange , though. She can't even begin to describe them let alone unravel them. When she catches her breath and her heartbeat stops pounding in her ears, she checks her LED alarm clock. 4:17. Still a few more hours before dawn. She forces herself to lay back down. Listen to the stillness of the night. Nothing. Either she didn't wake him up or... Oh who even knows ? Maybe he realized she was having a bad dream and was too polite to wake her up. It doesn't matter now. It's not as if she'll be able to get anymore sleep anyhow. * Dawn breaks with an unspectacular but still pleasant rosy glow. Rey had been waiting for it, staring up at the domed ceiling of her tent for over two hours. As soon as it's bright enough to see, she climbs out and darts off into the bushes. After relieving herself, she grabs a bottle of water from out of her tent and finds a discrete and well-hidden nook to give herself a brisk and quick sponge bath. That, combines with a fresh change of clothes, are enough to brighten up her outlook after such a dismal night. Her companion is still asleep when Rey gets back. She peaks in through the passenger window to see his massive, black form angled awkwardly across the seats. Okay, that really does look uncomfortable. If he's going to insist on sticking around they'll have to figure out something to do about that. But, first things first, she has to wake him up so they can get going. She opens the door softly, hoping he'll wake up to the sound or the chill in the morning air. He doesn't. So she leans over, keeping one hand on the door frame to support herself. Reaches out to shake his shoulder and pauses. This is the first time she's actually seeing him up close. Of course she'd looked at him before, but only in brief or last night by the first when he was half hidden in shadows. But now she can see that he really is a very strange looking man. Not... necessarily unattractive. Just very unusual. So pale and yet he only has a hint of a sunburn, despite being out in the sun for so- Wait... She doesn't know how long he's been hitchhiking for. She'd assumed it had been a while, just like she's been alone on the road a while herself. But... then why isn't he more weathered? And where are his belongings? Does he even have a wallet on him? Maybe in the pockets of his hoodie? Not that she expects, or particularly wants, him to pay for anything. But if they get stopped by the police and have to show- “Is something wrong?” His deep voice startles her so much she hits her head on the ceiling of the car as she retreats backwards. Rey had been so busy pondering his appearance that she hadn't realized that he'd woken up. Woken up to find her hovering half over him. The look he gives her is incredulous and she stumbles out an apology, backing away and taking several steps towards the rear of the vehicle. She opens up the trunk and is rummaging through it, pulling out a few cans and some precooked things they can eat as they drive. The whole vehicle moves when he gets out, and she can hear him stretching and cracking his neck and back before coming over to join her. “I was going to wake you up,” she says quickly, pretending to be too deeply engrossed in taking inventory of their food supplies to look up at him. “Okay.” That's all he says. No “ don't worry about it ” or “ why were you watching me sleep? ”. Just a simple, two syllable acknowledgement of her explanation. “We need to get going,” she continues, haphazardly dumping the armful of items into a paper sack. “I don't think it's very far, but we may have to stop a few times.” “Okay.” He takes the bag from her without asking. Looks inside then frowns. It makes her feel even more embarrassed, like she failing at being a gracious host. “I'm sorry, we don't have time to make anything better. I had trouble sleeping last night and if I'd though about it earlier I could have-” He dismisses her with a wave of his hand. “It's fine. I slept badly, too. We can get something else in town after the mechanic.” There's that we again. Though of course she’d caught herself using that word also. But she'd hoped that maybe, since they're going to be in a bigger town, he'd be willing to... go away. Find someone else to drive with. It's not like he can just stay with her for- He huffs under his breath. Steps forward and pushes her to the side by his proximity. She glances up at him and he seems annoyed. But then he starts repacking the trunk, putting back all the things she'd taken out earlier to get to the food. “You know where everything goes?” she asks, watching as he artfully restacks the items to make space for where she always keeps her tent roll. He freezes for a second. Looks at her from the corner of his eye and frowns. “Okay, fine.” She takes the bag of food and moves to the front of the car. “I'll just... pack up here.” She drops the bag onto the back and starts tidying up the front of the car and bringing the passenger seat back up. He's noisy as he works in the trunk and she shakes her head. There's that edge of temper again. He seems to go through mood swings faster than someone can turn a light on or off. * Alamogordo is... something. It's a place that exists. That's what she always tells herself when she pulls into a town like this. And it's definitely the biggest town Rey has been to in a while. She'd been deliberately avoiding cities unless she absolutely had to. Not wanting to risk any trouble and preferring just her own company up until very recently. And then that “absolutely had to” had passed several miles back. Her car had started to overheat and fill with a foul smell and then they'd had to pull over so quickly they nearly got hit by the 18-wheeler barreling down the hill behind them. Instead of asking if they'd needed help, the driver had honked and flipped them off. It was a gesture that made Rey roll her eyes but seemed to deeply infuriate her passenger. She was very much getting the impression that his temper was a wild and unpredictable thing. It was a liability, but she was able to distract him by putting him to work handing her tools as she made a few adjustments under the hood. Her impromptu repairs were just enough to get them into town. Now they were sitting in the waiting area of the mechanic's shop, kept in suspense until it was time to hear the prognosis of her future. Rey was trying to keep her mind off the endless loop of “how the hell can I pay for all this and what happens if I can't?”. She did this by reading bizarre housekeeping magazines and filling up on the free popcorn oddly available from a machine. Kylo mostly just sat there. He'd flipped through the stack of magazines with a look of distaste. Then the look become outright disdain when she'd offered him some of her snack. He hadn't seemed to think that her joke of “this might be all we're eating for a while” was very funny. She hadn't quite had the heart to tell him it wasn't completely a joke; he'd been looking grim enough without her attempts at humor. * The mechanic was a lean man who looked to be in his early forties and had rather shamelessly flirted with Rey while Kylo seemed incredibly uncomfortable. She had flirted right back. Mostly in the hopes of getting a better deal, but also out of intrigue over his strong California surfer accent. Rey was sure there was a story attached with how he came to be out here, but after he'd given her the estimate she couldn't be bothered to try and chat. The cost of the repairs would be much more than her car was worth. The mechanic had told her, in his roundabout and rolling sort of way, that her car was basically a heap of junk and it's only real value was as scrapmetal. Rey had tried to take the news well. She'd nodded politely, remaining stonefaced as he offered to buy it off her hands for $500. The cost of the replacing engine would be more than four times that. When she'd asked how much longer he thought she could drive it, he'd told her it was a miracle it hadn't caught on fire by the side of the road yet. She'd excused herself to “think it over”, which really meant her prideful way of going to the women's room and trying not to start sobbing. It wasn't about the car. Okay, it was sort of about the car. She'd grown attached to the clunky, funky smelling old thing. It had been her home for nearly the last half year. Homes come and go, she knows that. But damnit , she had liked this one.. And now here she was: basically stranded in a dusty, windswept town in the middle of the goddamn New Mexican desert. It wasn't like she could just go back home. Oh no, not anymore. Her visa had expired months ago. She probably wouldn't even make it out of a regional airport before getting detained. She'd thought about calling Finn and Poe. They might bail her out. Wire her money and she could put up with their lecture. But they'd been one of her biggest critics after being her biggest supporter. Once she'd started drifting, just like they'd encouraged her to, they'd become very negative. Constantly telling her to just come back. They had meant well, but... No . That wasn't really an option. Unless it was a total emergency. Which this wasn't quite yet. She still had some money. If she sold her car, and she might as well for all the good it would do her to keep it, then she'd have enough to live off for a while. Maybe she could even get an off the books job. Save up and start again. With that thought in mind, Rey splashed water on her face and composed herself. Made sure her eyes were dry and redness free before stepping out of the bathroom she'd been in a suspiciously long time. Except the waiting room had no one in it. No sign of the mechanic or her soon to be ex companion. The front desk and back office were also empty when she checked them. She was about to step outside and look around the adjacent work area when an old impulse overcame her. She opened up her duffle bag that she was using as a purse, and dumped in as many pouches of the free popcorn as she could get away with. She'd meant it as a joke earlier but now it actually was looking like she was going to need them. As always, the heat had come as a shock when she'd stepped out of the air-conditioned cocoon of the building. Refracted and amplified by the pavement and hard concrete surfaces around her, and it momentarily took her breath away. Then she'd seen them . Kylo and the mechanic. They were standing by her car, the older man completely dwarfed by her companion's massive form. She'd taken a few steps towards them, shielding her eyes from the harsh sun with her hand. When she'd gotten closer it occurred to her that something was a little strange. The mechanic was leaning with his shoulder propped against the support ridge over the doorframe. Kylo was... holding his hand. As if they'd been shaking on something and then had forgot to let go. “Hey?” she calls out. The mechanic doesn't respond but Kylo turns his head and looks at her. A very strange expression is on his face. He almost seems pleased, but he hides it quickly. “Is he okay?” she asks when she gets to them them. The mechanic wavers slightly then stands up. Blinks at her with an expression of incomprehension. He definitely doesn't look okay. “Oh he's fine. We were just talking and the heat got to him, isn't that right?” Kylo pats him on the shoulder and starts leading him away and back to the office. The man doesn't answer but nods in agreement. Rey hesitates then grabs a bottle of water from her car. Follows them and watches as the mechanic wavers on his feet. It's very strange. You'd have thought that he'd be more used to the heat since he lives out here. This early in the morning no one else is either working here or waiting, so they sit the confused man down on one of the chairs in the waiting room. She gives him some water and he starts coming back together. Talking about how he didn't know what happened. She doesn't either, but... this is very familiar. It makes her wonder just what- “I've made us a deal,” her companion abruptly says. Rey had been trying to get the mechanic to drink a little more water but she stops to look up at him. “Huh?” “We're going to trade in your car. He had another one he was trying to sell and he'll take it as a trade.” She blinks a few times. “He'll... he will? Really?” Kylo nods, a slight hint of a lift along each side of his mouth. He looks pleased with himself but trying to hide it. “What's wrong with it?” The slight hint immediately falls. “What do you mean?” Rey pulls way from the mechanic. He tries to stand up then immediately falls back down into his chair. “I mean, if he traded it for my car, it has to be a piece of crap, right?” The emphasis was intentional. It's not that she's not grateful for the Stranger trying to help her out, it's just... he could have asked first. Asked her if it was okay for him to give away one of her very few possessions. Even for a good cause. He just keeps on assuming for her. It's very annoying and close to insulting. “I think it's fine,” he says defensively. “I mean, it's an older model and all. But he said it was in good condition. Right?” The mechanics head immediately straightens. It's such a fast and abrupt move that Rey almost drops the bottle of water she was still holding. “That's right,” he agrees. “Nothing major wrong with it. Few things, but nothing too serious. It's even a four wheel drive.” “He wanted to give us a good deal. I told him how you're visiting our country and he wanted to help us out. Make sure you leave with a good impression.” Rey blinks again. Why... it just doesn't make sense. “...but...” “No “ but” . It's ours. We just have to sign the paperwork.” Luck this good doesn't actually happen. Especially not to her. Maybe she shouldn't look a gift horse in the mouth, but something is definitely off about all of this. “Are you sure?” she asks the mechanic directly. He seems to be feeling better. “Oh yeah, it's no problem. Just like what your friend said. I want to help.” He stands up and heads over to his office. Kylo follows closely behind him, leaving a somewhat bewildered Rey watching them go. “It's the gray SUV next to our car,” he calls out over his shoulder. “You go transfer our luggage into it and I’ll finish up in here.” Our car. Our luggage. Double assumptions said so carelessly. Rey wants to protest. But she doesn't. Instead she hurries outside, back into the steadily rising mercury of the desert flatlands. It's better if they just grab her new ride and get the hell out of there before the mechanic changes his mind about the whole thing. Notes: Rest assured that I do have a solid plotline figured out for this fic. Each part of the storyarc is just taking longer than I'd thought. But hey, I'm having a lot of fun writing this and I hope everyone who reads it is enjoying the ride. That's what matters, right? I actually had two more major scenes planned for this story, but it was already over 5k words. So I've upped the ETA on the chapter totals. 12 – 15 sounds about right. I have another fic I'm going to update first, then next chapter of this should bring the first major bump in the road for our duo. And BTW, mechanics out west really do have popcorn machines in their waiting rooms. It's weird but it's true. Chapter 4 : One Step Forward, Two Steps to a Restraining Order Summary: Where our duo get hostile, get cleaned up, get a little flirty, and get drunk. And then Kylo tells Rey something that she REALLY doesn't like hearing. Notes: Starting to regret picking up that hitchhiker NOW, Rey? (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Dollar Tree was an epic battle of wills. Rey had insisted they go there after the mechanic. There were some basic supplies she needed and “why pay more?”. Kylo had been pissy about it. Told her that she'd probably catch some weird disease from even stepping foot into that store. And besides, that was somebody else's motto, not the 'T ree 's as she liked to refer to it. “Fine, then just stay in the car. I'll even leave the air conditioning on. That's how nice I am.” She'd hopped out before she could hear his next objection. They'd been going back and forth over this for several minutes and Rey was getting tired of it. And why was she debating with him? It was her money, after all. Yes, he'd helped her get a new car, but that was something she still had mixed feelings about how exactly it went down. There definitely were questions that needed to be answered, but now was not the time or place. Not as she browsed an aisle of party favors looking for the perfect disco ball ornament to christen her new ride with. There were a few other items she was also looking for, and then- “Everything here is made in China.” The deep baritone voice coming from behind her is so serious she has to close her eyes to keep from laughing. It almost sounds like he was warning her. Guarding her against the deep, dark secret menace that is imprinted on the bottom of the plastic “stained glass” Thanksgiving Turkey accessory she had been pondering. “I thought you didn't want to be seen in here?” “Very true. But I wanted to help.” “That's nice. Afraid I was going to run away again?” She's only teasing but can immediately tell he's offended. When she looks over her shoulder at him, he almost looks hurt. He hides it immediately, but she's starting to be able to read his enigmatic face and mannerisms. “Okay, fine,” she drops the Turkey into her basket. It will add... character to her dashboard. “I've got a list. Help me find all the stuff so we can get out of here before anyone sees you.” Too late for that. Everyone in the surprisingly packed store had been watching them. Some more overtly than others. No doubt they were wondering what the young English girl and her black clad bodyguard are doing in a place like this. She's been wondering that herself more and more each day. * They leave town in the early afternoon. Shopping had taken longer than she'd wanted, due in large part to the persistent prissiness of her companion. She'd tried to nudge out of him how he could possibly be so uptight about food when he'd come into her picture the way that he had. Of course he hadn't really answered. But she'd extrapolated a few hints about him. Wherever he had been spending the last few years had been someplace so far removed from popular culture that it was baffling. He hadn't even heard about the organic food trend, let alone any of the diet crazes or other theories Rey had proposed to explain his fussy choice in edibles. So what options did that leave for him? Prison? Insane asylum? Hippie commune? She chose to hope for the latter, and dropped the topic when she sensed he was become uncomfortable with her indirect probes into his past. Next stop for them was White Sands. It was a small but breathtaking protected area of absolutely snow white sand dunes. Kylo had been glum up until that point, but he'd slowly perked up as he continued his repeated tour guide role. They'd taken two short nature walks, one on a boardwalk and one through the dunes themselves, but it was too hot to spend much time out of the air conditioning of their car. “Did you like it?” he asks when they pull out of the front gate. Rey is still fanning herself with a pamphlet about ' The Nighttime Desert Habitat '. Her new SUV was superior to her old junker in every way except that it didn't list the outside temperature. Which may have been a mercy, all things considered. Sometimes it's better not to know the truth. That thought brings a scowl to Rey's face. She shakes it off and turns up the fan to maximum. Rey waits on answering until two large cargo trucks pass so she can merge. They're on Highway 70 now, and the sharp increase in traffic and humanity is making her uneasy. “It's spectacular. But too damn hot. I should come back here sometime when I can stand to be outside the car for more than 10 minutes.” He nods. Pulls out a bottle of water and cracks the seal for her. “Last time I was here was in early March, I think.” She takes a sip, sensing another opportunity. “Oh? That was a while ago, right? Did you come here by yourself?” He looks out the passenger side window. His expression hidden by the cheap sunglasses he'd reluctantly bought in town. It annoys her that she can't see his eyes. He immediately takes them off and she quirks an eyebrow, wondering if she was scowling at him or something like that. “No. I was with my parents. For Spring Break.” “Oh.” She waits for him to continue. He doesn't. Rey can practically feel his reluctance to continue that line of conversation. The Stranger's childhood is apparently a tremendously touchy subject for him, and she doesn't want to bring up old wounds. Especially not when her own history is so tarnished and painful. They drive for a few minutes in awkward silence before she decides to bring up another subject. Another attempt at communication. “Yeah. So. I wanted to thank you. For helping me get this new car.” He fiddles with his sunglasses. “It was nothing. But you're welcome.” “No, no. It wasn't just nothing . It was incredible! It was such an amazing deal you got. I don't how you could have possibly talked him into doing the trade.” He squirms. Moves to adjust with the radio instead of his glasses. Pretending to be too busy to comment. Her hand beats him to it, though. Turns the volume down to barely audible. “So?” she prompts, determined to not let him scowl his way out of it. “What did you say to him? How did you do it?” “Nothing.” “Nothing? But it must have been something. He was acting kind of odd, too. Like he didn't really-” “Do you like it?” he interrupts, fingers twitching against his knee. She can't tell if he's itching to turn up the radio or to punch himself in the leg again. It reminds her of that last incident. The one from the day before when her trying to kick him out had somehow escalated into a scrabbling match that had scared her half to death. Frightened her to the point that she... acted strangely. Neither of them had mentioned it since it happened, but it had never left the background of her thoughts. “It's a nice car, right?” he asks, suddenly more eager to speak up and fill the silence between them. Rey realizes that she was squeezing the steering wheel so hard the leather casing was protesting. She sighs. Forces herself to release her grip. “Yes, it is,” she relents. “Thank you for it.” This conversation isn't over, but she's willing to drop it for right now. “You're welcome.” He smiles a little. It's a weird, awkwardly goofy smile that doesn't go with his face. Or his personality. “So...” the smile fades and this time she lets him change the radio. “Does your gratitude mean you're going to stop trying to get rid of me?” His voice is light. His expression isn't. She sighs again. Masking it as a yawn. They had gotten up really early that morning, after all. “Well, that depends .” The look he gives her to that is beyond condemning. “On?” “You. You're being so mysterious. What if I find out something really horrible about you? Then I'd have to run off, wouldn't I?” She plays it off like a joke. Waits for him to reassure her. He doesn't. Instead, looks worried. Fidgets with the map and GPS so he doesn't have to respond. That... was not the answer Rey was hoping for. She suddenly regrets bringing it up. Maybe sometimes it really is better not to know the truth. * The road west from White Sands was a series of rolling and rising dry hills. The desert on this side was much harsher and drier than further east, and it was rarely punctuated by anything taller than a creosote bush or the occasional juniper. Rey had Kylo take pictures out the window as they drove. She really liked the jagged, knife-edged peaks of the smaller mountain range they were crossing. The San Andreas mountains, he'd told her. An odd name for an odd place. By the time they'd crossed over it was late afternoon and Rey was getting tired. She almost wished her passenger would take over driving for a while, but he'd never offered to and she had her doubts about the validity, or even the existence, of his possible drivers license. Besides, this way she was still in charge of their route. And could potentially heave him out again if he started acting up. On the other side of the mountains and down was the vast and sprawling city of Las Cruces. It was a border town, or very nearly, and connected El Paso and it's twin city of Ciudad Juarez in Mexico. Neither of them had wanted to stop, though. Rey had enough of civilization and encounters with humanity earlier in the day, and her companion seemed to alternate between wariness and preoccupied moodiness. So they'd driven through, skirting along the edges of Las Cruces and dipping off the interstate only long enough to get gas. Over the slushies and greasy spring rolls she'd bought at the station, they'd went over the map and possible routes. “Nowhere to go and all night to get there” was her general attitude, and she let him direct them to the north and then west. More mountains there, he'd said, which meant more camping out and damned if she wasn't starting to fall in love with this sunbleached, you're-on-your-own kind of state. Maybe it was the endless open spaces and high vistas or the wild west vibes, but Rey could almost see herself wanting to stick around here. Find a way to call it home, at least for a while. Then they'd run into a border patrol checkpoint and Rey's blood had turned cold. “We're thirty miles north of the border!” she'd hissed under her breath, as if someone in one of the other cars stopped in line on the interstate could hear her. “Turn around.” Kylo had given it as an order, but at that moment Rey was too concerned with the looming overhang of the checkpoint they were slowly inching towards to correct him. She craned her neck and looked out the side mirror. Watching as several cars in line made a U-turn through the sandy verge separating northbound and southbound I-25. Then she looked over at her companion. He looked...worried. He'd put up the hood of his jacket over his head, also, making him look like even more of a weirdo. It made her pause and gawk at him, then a honk from behind them reminded her that one of the two inspection lanes ahead of her had opened up. “Turn around,” he repeats, reaching out to grab the steering wheel from her then apparently thinking better of it. “Wouldn't that be, like... really suspicious?” Maybe they'll just be waved through. Most of the other cars ahead of them had been waved through. Most, but not all. The hand comes back, floating at the edge of her vision until she turns to look at him. His brows are pulled tightly together and he's staring at her. Fingers not quite touching her wrist, like he's debating whether to grab her hand or not. “Turn around. Please?” There are only two cars left ahead of them. And since he asked nicely... Rey jerks the wheel sharply to the left and hits the gas. Her old car would have had trouble crossing the sharply dipped divider between the two lanes, but the SUV doesn't even struggle. Several other cars honk at her, though one guy in a truck is clearly laughing his ass off. In her rearview mirror, she catches sight of the huge bank of security cameras. They'll be sure to have caught her license plate, but as it is the worst thing they can do is catch her for making an illegal U-turn. No flashing lights behind them. Maybe she overreacted. But Kylo only relaxes when the covered roof of the checkpoint disappears out of view. “What, is your face on a wanted poster or something?” she laughs. Then abruptly stops when he doesn't immediately answer. “Kylo? What is... is there something-” “No,” he interrupts, pulling his hoodie down off his face and taking their map out of the glove compartment. “No, it's not like that.” Then what's it like? She thinks the question but doesn't say it out loud. Besides, it's not like she's one to pass judgment about acting cagey. “Maybe we should stick to smaller roads?” she offers instead. He nods but stays quiet. Wrestling with the oversized sheet of paper, trying to tame it to open up to only the foldlines they need. She turns the radio back on, this time picking a station that she liked to hear. * Home for that night was on the banks of the Rio Grande. Calling it a river was a stretch. Calling it a stream didn't even seem right. Kylo had explained the political significance of the 'Rio' and she had expected something... more. More than a rocky wet ravine with murky currents of faintly topaz-colored water. But it would do for her purposes. Tonight, as soon as the sun went down and she had enough relative privacy, she was going to wash up. It was kind of silly how exciting the thought of being clean was to her, but after several days of heat and sweat it sounded like paradise. Kylo had been equally enthusiastic. Back in town at the Dollar Tree, when he'd been annoying her about not buying the $1 pasta due to his assumption that it held The Plague, she'd lost her temper and told him not to stand so close because he'd stunk. And oh , that had been so effective. He'd immediately been subdued and had stopped fighting her over every damn thing. She should ask him his zodiac sign sometime. With as overinflated but tissue-thin and fragile an ego as he had she would bet money on him being a Leo. Maybe a Scorpio. He was off there now. By a brushy and isolated little crook of the river with the wash basin she normally stored snacks in and the soap and shampoo they'd negotiated over at the department store. Apparently Mr. “I'm Ashamed to Be Seen Getting A Good Bargain” had absolutely no problem going starkers and bathing in broad daylight. Not that there was anyone around, but- Rey feels her face flush. They'd had a good day. She has a new car and was about to scrub all the crud off herself. That's what was putting her in unusually good spirits. That, and the fact that now she finally had the chance to maybe get a few answers. The Stranger – Kylo - had left his hoodie behind when he'd left. Since that was literally the only extraneous item he had on him, it stood to reason that would be where he keep his secrets hidden. Or in the very least she could peak through his wallet to find out his real name. And see if he really was as broke as he claimed to be or was just using her like his sugar momma. But when she check in the pockets there was nothing. Just a pack of cinnamon gum. No money. No wallet. Absolutely no ID or anything like that. It made her uneasy, again. Either... either he... Who had absolutely nothing like this? She doesn't have much, but at least she has a few things. Her license and phone and a few sentimental knickknacks. How was he even supposed to- It has a hidden pocket. Located right above one of the side pockets but with a hidden zipper that could only be opened from the inside. In it is something hard. She looks around, just to be doubly sure she's not about to get busted. Then opens it. It's a passport. A British passport. For a second she wonder what he- Oh. It's her passport. She stares at her portrait in disbelief. Everything's there. Her home address, her name, the border stamps from the different places she's been. She'd kept it hidden under the driver's seat. Trapped up in the positioning levers in a little cloth pouch along with all the rest of her- Oh shit. Her heart stops. All the rest of her money. The Stranger had taken off “to wash up”. What if he'd actually robbed- Rey lunges into the car, scrabbling herself up underneath the steering wheel and feeling around. It's not where she- Okay, there it is. It's not where she left it, but the cloth bag is there. She pulls it out, heart pounding in her throat. It's still there. Her secret stash of money. She counts it and all the $1400 to her name are right where she left them. Just her passport. That was all he took. But why? It doesn't do him any good. A British female passport is of no use to him. Or anyone else, really. Especially in this part of the country. There's something tucked inside one of the pages. She pulls it out and it's a crumpled receipt. A receipt for two postcards and a keychain ornament. Bought by her from the Kansas Welcome Center three weeks ago. It had been such a distant and trivial purchase that she didn't think about it once since then. She'd probably forgotten to throw it out and it had ended up in her car, but why would he have taken it in the first place? It makes even less sense than taking her passport. Rey sits sideways on the seat, her legs danging out of the driver's side door. She keeps turning the two objects over and over in her hands. Trying to decipher their meaning. Footsteps approach, crunching against the golden brown Poplar leaves carpeting their riverside campground. She takes a long, deep breath. Gathering up her nerves. And then pushes out of her new car and goes around to the back where he is. “Why did you take this?” she asks, holding her passport up but close to her body. He'd been unpacking her cooking set from the trunk but looks up at her with a puzzled expression. Then he sees what she's holding and blinks. “Where did you find that?” He straightens his back and steps away from her, sticking his hands in his pant pockets. He's wearing the new clothes he'd bought in town, still all in black, and she realizes his hair is wet and uncombed. It makes him seem at least somewhat less threatening than he normally does. “In your jacket. I was looking through it and I found this there.” He frowns. Stares at the ground. “Why?” “That's what I was asking you.” She looks around their campsite, wishing they weren't constantly all alone together. Having another person in eyesight would set her more at ease. “Why were you looking through my jacket?” He's trying to defect her question. She can practically feel how much he wants to change the subject. Almost can hear just drop it, please just drop it from his expression. She sighs. “Because it was in my car. Now why did you take my passport?” He turns and walks to the other side of the SUV. Opens up the back passenger door and rustles through one of the boxes. She follows him, standing behind and clearing her throat. Determined to not let him off the hook. “I was just looking at it, okay?” he tell her over his shoulder. “No need to make a big deal out of it.” He doesn't turn to face her. Instead talks to the door frame. “Then why was it in... Wait, how did you even find it? I had it hidden.” He shrugs. She waits. “When I was sleeping? I saw it under the seat. I meant to put it back but then forgot about it.” It's a lie. She doesn't know how she knows, but she knows he's lying. “Should I make dinner?” he looks pleadingly at her. Still trying to change the subject. This time she relents. He's not going to tell her whatever the hell he was actually doing with her passport and... she guesses no harm was done. She has it back now and... fine, whatever. It doesn't matter. “I'm going to wash up,” she says icily after several long moments of watching him pretend to be busy. She goes back to the trunk instead of answering his question. Can feel his eyes watching her as she pulls out the shampoo, soap, and some clean clothes. They have to share a towel. It's still damp from when he used it but it will have to do until she buys another one. Or kicks him out and off her roadtrip. An idea that keeps coming and going from her mind but suddenly has a great appeal once again. “There's a private spot by the willows,” he says, calling after her as she walks away. “It has a sandy bank.” She doesn't bother answering, still feeling oddly violated and increasingly annoyed with his sense of entitlement. But at this point she just wants to get away from him. * For the first time in days she's clean again and it's glorious. It's amazing how much of a difference taking a bath makes in someone's mood. While she was by the river she'd constantly been checking over her shoulder. Somehow feeling like eyes were on her even though she knew they weren't. From where she was bathing she had a clear view of every direction if she stuck her head up and she was positive no one was watching her. It was just her mind playing tricks on her, making her feel like she wasn't alone. But then her mood had started to lighten as all the layers of dust and dirt and sweat were swept away. She'd made the conscious decision to move on from that whole taking-her-things incident, though she would be more careful in the future. And when she'd gotten back to their camp she'd been pleasantly surprised that both dinner and her tent had been prepared while she was gone. It's early evening now and the final light of dusk is leaving them. The Stranger had cooked some sort of instant rice and vegetable dish. It was a mix of under and overcooked, but she accepted it with a thanks. Apparently neither of them had much in terms of culinary skills. “You'd been busy,” she commented, putting her dirty clothes into a garbage bag to be washed next time they go by a laundromat. He'd shrugged. Hadn't said much. They ate in mostly silence and she decided to accept this as an apology. The Stranger clearly had some social issues but, really, he hadn't done any real harm other than worry her. After dinner she'd made a fire and they'd sat around it. Watching a spectacular sunset making for a suitable replacement to the conversations that tended to be, at best, awkward between them. Then she'd had an idea. Far from her best and brightest idea, but she couldn't let common sense get in the way. Not when she was hell-bent on getting at least a few answers out of her tight-lipped and sullen passenger. “Let's do tequila shots!” she exclaimed all of a sudden, jumping up and breaking the lengthy quiet that had fallen between them. His head snapped up and he looked like he was about to protest, but she was halfway to her car before he could speak. She brings back the bottle along with two styrofoam coffee cups. Shoving one into the hand that he holds up to ward her off. “Rey, I don't think-” “Oh it's fine!” she pours in a good double shot into his glass and repeats for her own. If he can force his will onto her then she can damn well do the same to him a few times. “Cheers!” she says cheerfully. Thunking her cup against his. He stares at her with a look of growing alarm. “There's... still coffee at the bottom of this,” he offers weakly. She rolls her eyes, still hovering over him until he toasts to her and just drinks the damn thing. “Swish the tequila around, then. You won't even be able to taste it.” He frowns, staring at he slightly cloudy drink with displeasure. Then he finally resents and taps his cup to hers. “Salute,” he mutters, before knocking back the shot. They both sputter at the strong flavor. Fighting to make it go down their burning throats. “Not a fan?” she asks, voice slightly scratchy from the drink. He shakes his head, setting the cup away from him on the log he's sitting on. Mistake on his part, because she immediately reaches over and fills it up again. This time nearly to the top. “Rey...” he stares at it. His ' I don't think this is such a good idea' is obvious but unspoken. She settles down across the fire from him and keeps the bottle between her feet in case he tries to take it away from her. They share an odd moment of eye contact through the fire again, just like they had the night before. This time it's her turn to state at him while he looks uncomfortable. Thoughts of trying to get him to play 'I Never' come to her mind, but... she's afraid that some of the things she's been wondering about him might become an 'I have' . He looks like he'd rather be anywhere else than there with her. In fact, he almost seems to be working himself up to make an excuse and leave. “You look nice,” she blurts out without thinking. Then immediately blushes and backtracks. “Um, I mean, you look better now that you've washed up. Not so... um, nevermind .” Great, now she's insulted him. She quickly takes another drink before making herself look up from the ground. He's self consciously finger-combing his hair. The desert air here has so little humidity that his hair dried really... fluffy. It's kind of adorable how much volume it has now. She giggles into her cup, starting to feel the effects of the liquor. It makes him look even more uncomfortable. “Another one?” she offers, picking up the bottle. He seems to think about it for a moment. Then reluctantly nods and hands over his cup for her to fill again. * The evening had been going well, until it went horribly wrong. Once they were three drinks in Kylo had finally, finally started to loosen up. She'd eased him into her whole “getting him to talk about himself” plan by first asking him about where they should go next. What else there is to see that she absolutely can't miss out on. Both the conversation and the alcohol had flowed naturally from there. Progressing from him being a living, breathing Travel Guide to the Southwest to him talking about some of the restaurants around that he used to go to as a kid. They'd shared some childhood stories then. His of him being an incredibly picky eater, something that came as no surprise, and her sharing tales of all the random things she used to eat as a kid. Basically anything and everything she could get her hands on. Then, as the night progressed and it had gotten colder, Rey had gone to her car to get a sweater. Kylo told her that he'd put it in the tent for her when he was putting it up earlier. That was nice of him, she'd thought, but when she'd unzipped the entrance she'd had to do a double-take. Inside her tent it was set up exactly like she does it herself. Everything from the placement of her pillow to which side she liked to have the zipper of her sleeping bag on to what she kept in the side storage pockets. The copious amounts of tequila in her system made her mind sluggish and it took her a few moments for all of this to register. She kept looking everything over, again and again. Wondering if the dim and shifting illumination from the fire nearby was making her see things that weren't real. “Kylo?” she calls out over her shoulder. He makes a noise of acknowledgment. She crawls out of her tent to look at him. He's putting another branch on the fire but he stops when she walks up. “What's wrong?” he asks before she even starts speaking. “How did you do that to my tent? How did you know where everything goes?” His face is blank for a moment, as if he was trying to decipher her hidden meaning. Then she could swear a look of panic crossed his face before he could control it. It makes her heart start to race as her mind scrambles to come up with explanations. “I... don't know what you mean.” She shakes her head and stomps up to him. It's ridiculous with their height difference but all the cheap liquor in her system is making her reckless. “No, you do. Now explain it to me. What... were you... spying on me at night, or something?” It's the only thing she can think of. He'd helped her build her tent twice before, but once the frame was up she'd always set up her bedding and everything else by herself. When he doesn't immediately deny it her jaw drops. Staring at him in disbelief and rising panic. She takes a step backwards, half thinking about turning on her heel and running for the car. She's closer but his legs are longer. If he would choose to run after her, that is. But all he does is hold up his hands in a sort of pleading gesture and she stills. Feeling oddly compelled not to move. She shakes her head, then. The feeling dissipating. But before she can do anything else he's the one that steps away. “I can explain,” he says. He sits down by the fire again and looks up at her hopefully. He wants her to join him again, she realizes. You're overreacting. Maybe she's overreacting? Maybe. And, truth be told, she wants answers and this is the first time he's seemed willing to be forthcoming. S he watches as he pours them both another drink. That's the last thing they need, but she takes it from him anyhow. Wanting the fire of it to steady her nerves. She doesn't sit down, though. Preferring instead to remain standing while he sits. Which, ironically, puts them at close to the same line of sight and gives her an artificial sense of control over the situation. “Go on, then,” she says when the silence becomes too much for her to take. He sighs into his drink. Finishes it before contemplating the half-empty bottle next to him. “I have something I should probably tell you. But... you're not going to like it.” A growing sense of apprehension fills her. She's known that something was wrong. That something else had been going on, but she just wasn't... She sips at her drink to chase down her nervousness. Then shrugs at him like she's not really paying attention. “What'd you do?” she asks. Rey expects him to admit to being a pervert and spying on her at night. Or tell her that he's on the run from the law because he did something bad. Maybe he shot a man in Reno just to watch him die. Or he's into some sort of -philia or something truly awful. Her mind chases the full gamut of possibilities while she stares him down. “Okay...” he begins, clearing his throat twice. “Remember how we met two days ago? I was hitching by the highway near Cloudcroft?” How could she forget, right? It both seemed minutes ago and weeks ago that she had been traveling down that lonesome stretch of road and saw a man in black with his thumb up in the air. “What of it?” she asks, finishing her drink. He offers up the bottle and she shakes her head. Even more suspicious of how the tables have turned and he was the one trying to get her drunk now. “You know that wasn't a coincidence, right?” She stares at him levelly. Blinks twice. Not a... coincidence? He was a hitchhiker. She happened to drive past him. Then when she saw him again she'd decided to stop. A different course of action at any stage and none of this would have happened. “What... do you mean?” Kylo fidgets now, rolling the styrofoam cup between his open palms. She's noticed that he seems to get restless whenever he's trying to hide something. “You have to promise not to get angry.” It's an order, not a request. Normally she'd be annoyed by his nerve, but now... she just wants him to hurry up and say whatever it is that's making him so uncomfortable. “I cant promise that,” she says, fighting to keep her voice level. Rey has a distinct suspicion that she will, in fact, be very angry at whatever he's about to say. He scratches the back of his head, sending his out-of-control cloud of hair into even more disarray. She can tell he's choosing his next words very carefully. “I've... I've been following you. Just for a little bit...” His voice fades as he takes in her expression. He immediately stands up and she recoils, cringing. “It's okay!” he insists. “I told you I can explain. Just let me. Please. ” She's... absolutely speechless. Her mind racing to try and process what he's trying to tell her. But then it falls upon a truth: he can't be serious. Either he's insane or trying to rile her up. Maybe it's all the alcohol. Maybe he thinks scaring her is just some sort of awful practical joke. “No,” she says, definitively. “You're making this up. You were hitchhiking. You had no way to follow me.” No way at all. There had been so few cars along that road that she would have noticed. “You're lying. You have to be.” She stares him down, waiting for him to just admit it and tell her why. Instead, he looks at her. His expression uninterpretable. She can practically hear the gears in his head turning. Wondering if he can get away with this ... Then it hits her: he's not lying. Somehow she knows and somehow... He really was following her? But why? If he was going to hurt her or... do something to her... why wait for three days? Or why tell her at all? “How?” She blurts it out, letting him know that she knows. A million questions on her mind but that's the one that's the most important. He stares at the ground and shrugs. Goddamnit if she doesn't hate when he shrugs. Like he's literally trying to shrug her off. And that one little gesture just confirmed everything . When he doesn't immediately answer, she wants to hit him. Or scream. Or run as far as she can as fast as she can. Then he sighs. Scratches his head again and looks the portrait of a man caught guilty. “I heard you,” he finally tells her. “When you were telling the people at the welcome center where you were going and asking about the weather. You went over every highway with them and... it was easy. I just... listened. And followed.” Everything clicks into place. The little clues like how he'd known where she kept everything in her trunk. The receipt in her passport. And that meant he'd been following her for weeks. “And my tent?” she asks, voice starting to break with her rising hysteria. “So you were watching me-” “No,” he interrupts, staring at her then immediately looking away. Her jaw clicks shut and the urge to flee rises. She can see him try to come up with some tale to appease her. His silence and hesitance is enough of an answer. Rather than listening to whatever lie he was about to say, she spins on her heel without another word. Bolts the short distance to her car and throws herself into the driver's seat. “Stop!” She hears him call out. Doesn't look to see if he's coming after her or not. Instead, she locks the doors and grabs the keys. Or tries to. Her fingers flash across the dashboard, scrabbling to find where she had put them when they'd first pulled in. But they're not there. Could she have knocked- He took them! That has to be it! That psychopath must have took them! He knocks on the window and she makes a strangled yelp. All she can see is a giant dark shadow. He tries to open the door and the handle snaps ineffectively. “Rey? Please, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you.” He's ridiculous. Insane and ridiculous and all the booze in her us making her much more hysterical than she'd normally be. “Give me back my keys you fucking lunatic!” she screams. Dragging herself to the far side of the cabin in case he tried to bust out the window or do something equally crazy. Don't call me that. Please don't. She doesn't know how she can hear him say that. The voice is so quiet and full of sadness. Instead of answering, they have some sort of face-off where neither of them can really see the other. He's just a dark and nearly phantasmal shape outside, blending into the darkness. And she cringes against the far passenger door. Watching him and hearing nothing but her own heart pounding in her ears. She just wants him to go away. Disappear and never come back. She just wants all of this to be a bad dream. She really, really wants to wake up now. But she can't and, after a seemingly infinite stretch of silence, she sees him move. Hears his feet crunch on the leaves as he walks away from her car. A black shape immediately disappearing into the night. Rey stays frozen to the spot. Not moving even the slightest amount. Time threads on. She tracks it by the path of the moon across the sky. In enough time she forces herself to uncoil. Make her muscles relax from the fight-or-flight response they'd chosen. Then she listens . Silence. Nothing but the wind in the trees and the softness of the river against its banks. There's nowhere for her to go. Other than outside where that psychopath is. So she curls up on the seat of her new car. Hugging herself against both the cold and uncertainty while she watches the night go by and turn into morning. Notes: Heh... sorry about the ending. I'm not super happy with it but fighting scenes and arguments aren't easy. And we can't have a “dark romance” without it getting a little dark, amiright? And poor Rey just wanted to get to know him better and convince herself that he's not some sort of psycho stalker. Oops. Instead she learned the true meaning behind “be careful what you wish for”. Big thanks everyone who read this and gave feedback! It really helps me to stop second (or third or fourth) guessing myself and to know if I'm going in the right direction. Chapter 5 : Complication Summary: Where a stranger appears on the scene asking questions, Kylo does a remarkably poor job of convincing Rey that he's not a psychopath, and Rey finally makes a decision. Of sorts. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey dreams about being taken. It's different than her last nightmare. This time she's watching herself. Seeing herself from the outside like a spectator would. Someone is trying to take Rey. She's watching as it happens. A dark and shadowy figure, like a ghost made out of nothing but an obscured dimness. She can see Rey being forced to go somewhere. Walking with the shadow down a hallway. Nothing is in focus and she doesn't know why she's so gripped with anxiety. Dream Rey isn't. That girl looks nervous and unhappy, but not nearly as frightened as she'd have to be to provoke such strong emotions in her audience. She and the figure are walking away, getting farther out of sight. She wants to pull herself back. Desperately. Wants to scream at them to stop as she becomes overcome by a feeling of sheer futility. And then there's a sudden noise and Rey bolts awake. For a second she's so disoriented, still partially asleep and half her mind is scrambling out of her dreamscape. She can't remember why she's not in her tent. And then it starts to come back. What happened last night and why she locked herself in- Someone knocks on her window again and she yelps. Cringing and startled back into the present. It's light outside and she's in her new car. There's a man standing outside. He's wearing glasses and a tan Park Ranger uniform. The man bends down and tips his head so he can look into the car. Clearly waiting and wanting to talk to her. Shaking herself more fully awake, she presses the window button. Of course it doesn't work. She'd need to turn the engine on to accessory mode but she doesn't have the keys. Because he took them. A large white and green pickup truck is parked right in front of her car. She must have been really out cold to not wake up when it pulled in. “Miss?” The voice is muted through the thick window glass and it makes her irritated. Who is this man and what could he possibly want? She's in a legal campsite. If he's trying to chase her off or hassle her for something she's really not in the mood for it. But he's clearly not going away so she reluctantly unlocks the door and opens it a few inches, keeping her hand on the edge of the frame. “Yes?” she asks, voice scratchy. It reminds her that she got drunk last night, before everything else had happened. “I'm investigating a problem in the area, miss. I need to ask you a few questions.” He's got that undefinable 'local' accent. It's not a typical southwestern drawl. Rather, it's the kind of thing where, if someone asked you to place it, you'd have a hard time of it. And he seems slightly unfriendly, his words clipped a little more than just conversationally. “What sort of problem?” Rey asks, wishing a bottle of water to materialize and ease her dry tongue. “You slept in your car last night?” he asks. She quickly glances past the Park Ranger and to her tent. It's still there, just like it was last night. No sign of him, though. Rey frowns and scoots further back on the seat. “Ye- why are you asking?” “Are you alone out here?” She can't see his face from this angle. She wishes she could to gauge his meaning. It's such a loaded question. Loaded and one that you're really not supposed to ask a stranger. “Can you step back a little, Sir?” She tries to make it sound like a polite request. Wanting to get back control over the conversation and absolutely not planning on answering his other question. There's a slight pause, then he steps back. Enough for her to get out and squint with her sleep-dimmed eyes at the brightness of the morning. “What sort of problem are you talking about?” she asks again, muffling a yawn into the palm of her hand. “Another camper said that they heard a disturbance late last night. It sounded like an argument. Do you know anything about that?” Rey tries to think back to last night. They had both been drunk, but... she doesn't remember their fight being especially loud. Maybe somewhat. And she definitely doesn't remember seeing anyone else in the area. Except, when she was bathing in the river, she kept feeling as if someone was watching her. She'd just assumed it was her mind playing tricks, but what if it wasn't? “No, I don't.” She lies out of reflex. In a different world she might ask this man for help, but she can't risk it right now. If she admits to having had an, what do they call it, an 'altercation' then this conversation might escalate. Escalate into him asking her questions and wanting to see her ID and then... well, it's better to just play dumb. “You sure about that, Ma'am?” He doesn't sound very convinced. “Mhhmm,” she murmurs in assent. Still partly asleep and wanting a cup of coffee and a quiet morning to get her thoughts together. “Can I ask why you were sleeping in your car, Ma'am? Not in your tent?” Rey fakes another yawn to buy herself a second. Perhaps... perhaps the 'helpless young woman' card would work in her favor here? “I, uh... I thought I heard some coyotes. I got scared. It's kind of embarrassing, but... y'know...” Great, she sounds like a real bimbo now. It makes her scowl inwardly but she tries to put a sheepish smile on her face. The Ranger's mouth twists microscopically then falls back into a professional line. “Are they dangerous? They are, right?” “Ma'am?” “Coyotes? We don't have them back home, but I've heard...” Her voice fades off when she realizes what she's said. As if her accent didn't give her away enough already. The Ranger looks her over, then tips his head to the side and looks over into her car. She wonders where that bottle of tequila is. If he sees it, it might be a problem. “Can I see your ID, ma'am? And your registration?” S hit . She can feel that he's getting suspicious. No, more than feel, she knows . Somehow. Like with a sixth sense level of certainty. But suspicious for what? Just because she's a foreigner... “Yeah, sure thing.” Nothing she can do about it. So she pulls out her pocketbook and hands him her driver's license while she sorts through the massive pile of papers and random items in her glove compartment. “This is... um... Just one moment, ma'am.” He goes back to his truck with her and her heartbeat starts to accelerate. He didn't know what to make of her British license. Now he's going to call it in. Have them run the numbers and... can they find out about her visa from that? Surely not, right? Rey starts to feel lightheaded. She's been having a lot of that recently, and she has to keep her hands from shaking too badly as she pulls out the registration packet. Focus. The thought pops into her head just as she hears the Ranger's door slam shut. She sits down in the passenger's seat, trying to look casual. When he comes back, she hands him the other papers and watches as he examines them. Something's wrong. He doesn't like them. She lets the sensation wash over her, trying to figure out what he's looking for. Looking for and not seeing. “This is a new vehicle, ma'am?” the man asks, leaning over and looking inside again. “No, it's about ten year- oh. Yes, it's new for me. Just bought it yesterday.” “If you're traveling alone, whose name is this on the title?” He points to the signature line. 'John Alamo' . Rey has to blink at it several times. Kylo had... had not only signed using a fake name, but he'd chosen such a ridiculously stupid one. Could it be any more obvious? He might as well have... well, he could have used her name. Since it was her car, after all. “Ma'am?” Shit, she's really in trouble now. She'd spent all night hoping to never see Kylo again, but right now she could really use him as her alibi. “That's my friend,” she blurts out without thinking. Not knowing any other way to describe him even if she was feeling decidedly unfriendly towards him at the moment. “He's not here.” A long pause as the Ranger looks her up and down. She swallows down her nerves and starts to become lightheaded. “Wait right here, ma'am. I need to-” “Nothing is wrong,” she reaches out to him without thinking. Touching her fingers lightly to his bare wrist. She doesn't know why she does it, but she just does. Like a reflex. At that exact moment, everything clicks into place. She stares up at the Ranger, feeling compelled to reach out. To squeeze his wrist with her hand. He fights her. Not physically. He's standing there as if frozen to the spot. But she can sense something wrestling against her. An almost tangible sensation, but not quite. And she senses something else, too. A pull on herself. Or rather, through herself. Compelled. That's the word for it. She doesn't think about anything else but... being compelled. Pushing that compulsion through. Her mind going completely blank to everything except that feeling. The Ranger stares back down at her. And then he blinks and the moment snaps. He leans against the door frame and Rey has to hold onto the edge of the seat under her as a wave of dizziness rolls through her mind. She almost feels nauseous, but is suddenly too weak to stumble away and puke. That reaction passes instantly, though. And when she looks up again the Ranger is staring blankly at the documents in his hand. “Can I have those back now?” she asks, her voice sounding so distant in her own head. He doesn't respond. She reaches out and lightly touches him again. This time just a brief tap to the top of his hand. “You can have these back now,” the man says. Slowly handing her both the papers and her license. And then her head is clear again. Instantaneously. It's such a jarring contrast from where she was at that, this time, she's sure something is happening. “That will be all, ma'am,” the man continues, a slightly robotic quality to his voice. “That you for your cooperation. This was all I needed to know.” She doesn't know what that means. But she nods and watches him warily. Watches as he turns and walks back to his truck. She waits until the engine turns on and the truck pulls out of view before letting go of the breath she hadn't realized she'd been holding. And goddamn it .. . What a great start to the day, right? But she has other things to worry about. Like what to do about the impending problem who seems hell-bent on turning her life upside down. * Her problem comes back in less than a minute. Practically as soon as the truck disappears out of sight, her unwanted companion-slash-stalker comes slinking from around the bend of the path that leads to the water. Rey's shoulders tighten as she tries to brace herself for their inevitable confrontation. “Are you alright?” Kylo asks, keeping his hands in his pockets. He's watching her warily, noticing how she's pulling out a fresh change of clothes for herself. She'd changed into her pajamas yesterday evening, before they'd sat down around the fire. And now she very much wants to be fully dressed and ready to face the day before she's ready to face him . Just in case this goes bad – worse than it already is – and she has to run or scream for help. But his abrupt, though entirely expected, return has stopped her in her tracks. And where to even begin with his question? She wants to ask him where he was. What he was doing. Why he told her what he'd told her. Instead, she settles on asking him the most pressing question at that moment. “You did something to him, didn't you? To the Park Ranger? You did something to make him go away?” It's another certainty. Just like she'd known when other man was getting suspicious. Things... aren't adding up. And it's more than the tequila hangover and sleep deprivation that's making her loopy. More than just the good luck of finding another idiot who lets her get away with something. Instead of answering, Kylo shrugs, staring at the ground. She hates it when he shrugs. Hates it so much. “What is it?” she asks. “Hypnosis? Some sort of... artificial suggestion?” He doesn't answer. But he looks so guilty, though. And she knows . Knows that look. “Kylo. What did you do? Are you-” “I'm sorry, okay?” he interrupts her. “I was just trying to help.” He turns around and takes a step towards her tent and away from her. Then he pauses as if he's waiting for her to say something else. Rey tries to understand his words. Watching him as a hint of red creeps up along his nears and along the back of his neck. He knows she's looking at him. And she knows he has that guilty, downcast expression he always does when he's in the doghouse. She takes a deep breath. Forces herself to get it over with and just say it “You can't come with me anymore. You have to go.” The words hang in the air between them. And then Rey curses silently to herself. That was a mistake. Yet another mistake. What she should have done is find a way to get her keys back from him first. Moved this conversation close enough to her vehicle that she can sprint for it if need be. Then, and only then, can she try to get some much-needed answers. “Can I have my keys back?” she asks, cautiously, when he doesn't immediately respond. She fully expects him to refuse. Flat out deny having them or simply ignore her like he does when he doesn't want to answer. Instead, he pulls them out of his pocket. “I'm sorry, I shouldn't have taken them.” He steps toward her to hand them over and she instinctively flinches. Takes two steps back. And there's that look of hurt again, the one she saw the other day in the store. “Sorry. Here.” He tosses them to her, keeping his distance. She tries to catch them but misses and they fall in the dirt between them. Even taking the step forward to pick them up makes her nervous. She does it quickly, snatching them off the ground. Thinks about running back to her car and tearing out of there. But when she looks up he's staring at her with an almost pained expression. Watching her reactions to him with such careful attention. When neither of them say anything else, he turns around and goes back to her tent. Starts taking it apart and she wonders if he's really leaving the decision up to her or this is all for show. “You're afraid of me now.” He pauses with disconnecting the rainfly and stares ahead into the distance waiting for her to answer. Rey considers his words. Decides on honesty instead of more lies. “Yes. I am.” “... Oh .” And again he sounds so sad. Like he truly didn't expect her to react that way. But then he starts removing the pegs connecting the tent to the ground and Rey has to fight the urge to go over and help him. “I have to come with you.” He doesn't look at her and his voice is neutral. A little stilted with forced casualness. Rey winces. He's just... he just doesn't get it . She knew he wouldn't. But, since he's trying to be 'nice', she goes over and helps him. Awkwardly tries to fold up the fly in a way that keeps it out of the dirt while he pulls out the support poles and starts disassembling them. “I didn't sleep in it.” Rey pauses in the obsessive folding and refolding that she had been doing to distract herself. “What?” she asks. He keeps his head bowed down and his face turned away from her. “Your tent. I didn't sleep in it last night.” Right. She wasn't even going to mention it, but she had been wondering. Logically the only place where he would have slept would have been in her tent. Which she normally wouldn't mind. But last night had changed things. The thought of him sleeping there, maybe even in her own bag, was just too personal. That line's already been crossed, though. She has to keep reminding herself. Somehow, he'd been following her and watching her for weeks. Whatever polite boundaries she thought existed have- “I meant it, Rey,” he turns his head just enough to look at her over his shoulder. “I shouldn't have said anything. I wouldn't have if I'd known you'd be this upset about it.” Rey sputters, her emotions spiking on the same rollercoaster ride her thoughts had been taking these last few hours since his confession. “You... You didn't think I'd be upset before? After you'd admitted to stalking me and then... what? What were you going to do next, Kylo?” Rey gives him plenty of time to answer. Waits and watches with increasingly rising hackles as he deliberately ignores her. Only when he reaches around her, picks up one of the stuffsacks right by her feet, does her temper give away. She hurls the rainfly at him, and he blinks. Has the audacity to look surprised. “Answer me, Kylo. Right now.” she insists, stomping her foot on the bag to keep him from picking it up when he bends down for it. “Answer me, goddamnit! What are you doing? What do you want from me?!” He looks anywhere but at her. And she wants to know what he's hiding so badly that, on impulse, she reaches out. Tugs on the arm that's holding the tent poles. She'd only meant to demand his attention, force him to stop ignoring her. But he quickly catches her hand in his own. Holds it firmly when she tries to jerk it away. “Kylo, don't you even-” “What do you believe in, Rey?” Rey's rant abruptly comes to a verbal skidding stop as his question sinks in. Stopping her from her next line about how goddamn creepy he acts sometimes. “Let go of me right-” “Do you believe in fate?” “Fate?” Everything about this morning is just so... ridiculous. These last few days, really. “Yeah. Fate, destiny, whatever you want to call it. Events happening because they were meant to. Do you believe in it?” She scans his face for the slightest hint at where he's going with this. There's none. Just open directness. So she swallows. Tugs on her hand. “You're making me uncomfortable.” It's all she can think of to say. Sometimes... he seems to respond positively to direct commands. Proof in action, he immediately lets her go. Surprising her again. Stares at her with that depth of expression she's seen on him only once before. “I believe in it,” he says, looking down at his hand as he closes it and flexes it several times. “That's how I know things. Knew things. Like how I knew I was supposed to find you. Does that make sense, now?” Rey stares at him. Blankly. And he frowns. “What... don't you understand? What part?” “Everything. All of it. What kind of... How did I get myself into this situation?” she asks. Unable to articulate the tangle in her head. And maybe that's the core of the question. Not what he's doing to her, or anyone else. But how she let one bad decision spiral so far out of her control. He doesn't seem happy with her response. Disappointed, maybe. Again making her wonder just what he wants from her. Then he shrugs it off. Picks up the rainfly from the ground and tugs it gently. “Fate? How do you feel about it?” he repeats. She steps off of it and can't help the spark of annoyance at how much easier he can keep it off the ground when he folds it because of his height. Then he moves a step closer to her and Rey crosses her arms over her chest to keep him from touching her again. Kylo starts to speak. Then stops himself. She can practically hear the gears in his brain moving. “I can show you. If you'd like me to.” Rather than waiting for an answer, he reaches out to her again. This time holding onto her wrist and pulling her closer. Rey's patience with him immediately buckles and she slaps him. He flinches, staring at her wide-eyed. But he doesn't let go and it makes her worried. Makes her realize how stupid that might have been for her to do. How much goddamn bigger he is than her. If he wanted to hurt her, he would have no trouble at all. “Kylo, I...” her voice fades as she starts to feel a little unbalanced. He's doing that thing to her again. He has to be. “Do you want to know what happened with the Park Ranger?” he asks, lifting the hand on her arm slightly to support her. “I can show you. Then you'll understand.” He doesn't sound angry that she hit him. Not at all. In fact, he almost seems... conscientious. And he's paying such close attention. So focused and compelled. Compelled. There's that word again. That word that she felt before and now is so excessively distracting that she doesn't notice when his other hand reaches out and cups the back of her head. Pulling her just a little closer. It's a fortunate thing, too. Lucky that he's close enough to hold her up because it suddenly seems like the ground under her feet has disappeared. Turned on it's axis but it doesn't matter because all she can focus on is how he's staring at her. Frowning. Frowning but focused, not angry. She doesn't know what she feels. Oh, wait. She does. She feels compelled . That's right. “Close your eyes.” She does it without thinking. And it all comes back to her, then. Every other time he's done this to her. All those other times that she'd forgotten until this moment. “No, not like the other times. Don't worry. This will be easy for you.” The voice is in her head more than anywhere else. And he's right. It doesn't ache as much as it did before. She still is dizzy and so disconnected from herself. But it's... better. “Relax, Rey. Just relax and know that you're safe with me.” You'll always be safe with me. That's why I'm here. The last thoughts swirl in her head even as she feels her legs give out from under her. It's the last physical sensation she knows beyond a gentle pressure around her shoulders and below her knees. * Rey had seen herself. It had happened just like in her dream. She saw herself in the 3 rd person. She saw Rey sleeping in her car. Except it wasn't her car. It was theirs. That distinction had felt very important, somehow. She saw herself curled up in the passenger's seat. Felt an urge to open the door and put a blanket over herself. But knew that it would be unwanted. And they were both so tired but it was her fault that she was like this. So unnecessary. But that's okay, too. Rey watched herself sleeping for hours. Or at least it felt like that. Watched herself as the sky brightened and she had a nightmare. Saw her twist and writhe, grimacing. Thinks about helping her. Stopping it. But then a noise comes closer. An engine. So she pulled away. Stood at a close distance and watched and listened. Felt when she started to get scared. The urge to show her something was dominant. Behind it was compulsion. Wanting. Proving a point. Seeing if she can do it. Reaching through herself. Feeling a mind that she's starting to know quite well. Searching for something beyond it. It's hard. She's scared and doesn't understand. But it's there. There in both of them. And it's all the proof she needs. * Rey wakes up again. Confused about her surroundings and half expecting to hear that knocking on her glass for a second time. Almost wishing that she would so it could be like Groundhog Day and she'd have a second chance at this morning. Except this time it's broad daylight. Morning is long gone and she's still in her pajamas. Of course she still is. Everything that just happened floods back into her. So fast and strange that it makes her close her eyes as her head reels. Holds it in her hands and wait until she feels grounded within herself enough to open her eyes a second time. It hasn't been very long. Last time... She thinks there had been more than one last time, but now she's not so sure. Regardless. This time she swings the door to the passenger seat open as her mind tries to swing itself into full awareness. Kylo is putting her tent into the trunk. It's nicely folded and the campsite has been cleaned up. She even sees the half-empty tequila bottle tucked into a far corner. Just looking at it makes her stomach want to heave. “What did you do to me?” Her voice sounds off. She tries again, clearing her throat and repeating her question. His surprise is clear through his raised brows and attentive expression. Then he smiles. That strange smile that doesn't look right on him. “You're back already?” he asks, a hint of warmth in his voice. “It's only been a few minutes.” He comes to her, then. Lightly pets her shoulder. It makes her shiver and she wants to recoil but she also doesn't mind it. “It's weird.” He leans down. Tucks his massive hands under her armpits and it tickles her when he picks her up like that. Helps her get on her feet. “What's weird?” he asks, holding onto her until he's sure she's steady. She leans against her car. Still needing the support but smacking his hands away. “What are you doing to me?” She toys with the notion of him drugging her. But that's not it, is it? Kylo steps back, giving her space. Watches her stare at him with sea-legs. Then he goes back to the trunk. Lifting up her cookset and pots and pans which she keeps in a large cardboard box that says “Dole Bananas”. “I thought it would be easiest if I showed you. I could have explained, but then you wouldn't have believed me.” He makes one last adjustment, strapping down the loose items, and closes the trunk before going back to her. “Do you understand now?” he asks. She doesn't. She thinks she does. She can almost make sense of it. Whatever 'it' is. It's there, but no, she doesn't understand. “That's okay,” he says. She's not sure if she said anything out loud or not. “All you need to know is that's why I followed you. When I first saw you, I knew there was a reason for it. It was more than just by chance.” All Rey can do is stare at him. Pity and fear roiling up together inside her. Kylo – the Stranger – he's insane. Actually mentally ill. He's the first person she's ever met who was this... She doesn't know the word for it. Delusional. Yes, that's it. He's delusional . But that doesn't explain everything. It explains why he thinks he has to follow her, but not... what he showed her. Maybe she's losing her mind. The New Mexican sun has finally gotten to her and none of this is really happening. And yet that's not it either. It's too much. Altogether too much. She has to sit down and this time she presses herself against the front tire. Leaning her upper body against the lower parts of her car and noticing how the sun is in the middle of the sky. “It's noon,” she says to no one. “I know,” her no one answers. “We should have lunch, but let's get on the road first.” He looks down at her with concern. Tries to hand her the car keys and she meekly takes them, letting her arm drop back down to her side. “Kylo.” She doesn't know why she said his name. He really thinks he's telling the truth? Is that it? That he believes what he says because it's his truth? “Do you really want to be alone?” He kneels down next to her. Tucks her hair behind her ears then pulls away. His touch tingles on her skin, and it makes her feel just a little bit better. “Because I don't think you do,” he continues when she stares listlessly at him. “I think you've been enjoying my company. Not today, so much, but before you were.” “Are you making an offer?” she asks. Resigned. Feeling tired of thinking. Tired of not knowing. Just plain tired . Whatever he did was so exhausting and right now all she wants is to do is pretend. “We can do that,” he says. “Go back to before. We were having fun then, so we can just go back to that, if you'd prefer. Or... Or I can show you some other things. Later on.” He raises an eyebrow. Stares at her and she realizes his implicit meaning. “But you'd have to be around to do that, right?” she asks, even if she already knows the answer. He stands up quickly, offering his hand out to her. “Shake on it?” She rolls her head at him. Close to giving up but also that tiniest little bit of curious. But she reaches out to him, nevertheless. Not touching his hand so he has to meet her more than half way. “This is not me shaking your hand. This is me accepting a hand up. There's a difference.” He tugs her back to her feet without another word. Impasse accepted. For now that's enough of a reason to get the hell out of this canyon and move on to... other things. * They don't talk much the rest of the day. Rey spends her time stewing in her own thoughts. Going back and forth over the dubious state of either Kylo's or her own sanity. She barely even notices the countryside anymore. Not that it's anything too spectacular on the narrow, northbound road they're taking to nowhere in particular. She just picked a direction and they've been following it. It seemed as good an idea as any. Finally, when the pessimistic silence between them becomes unbearable, Kylo speaks up. “You seem... irritated. At me. Again.” Rey rolls her eyes at his observation. Scowls into the afternoon sun until it hurts and a dark spot that floats like a ghost in the center of her vision forms. It makes it hard to drive but whatever, it's nothing but flat sands and gravel along this stretch of road anyhow. “ John Alamo ?” she finally says, intentionally making her voice thick with condescension. Kylo shrugs. She glares, squinting at him until that dark spot centers on his head like a bullet wound. “I... needed to use a fake name. 'John Doe' was too obvious, and since we were in Alamogordo I thought-” “Oh no, I got it. I figured that part out. What I couldn't get is how I didn't notice that you're such an absolute idiot before this.” Kylo fidgets. Then shrugs again. That damn shrug of his... Next time he does that she's going to hit him. Or scream. Or throw his door open and try to heave him out even if she knows she can't. “You don't really mean that.” She doesn't ask which part he's referring to. Because it doesn't matter. And she swears that if he does that just one more time , she's going to do all three. Notes: Eh... I rewrote this a total of 5 times and I'm still not too happy. Pity this didn't take place during NaNoWriMo because I could have used all my scraps for something. Exposition is hard to do and I may come back and revise this chapter later on. There were a lot of things that needed to be gone over, but then that leads to the dreaded 'exposition dump' which kills the pace of the story. So I tried to smooth it over and get it to a point where Rey comes to at least some small level of understanding of what she's gotten herself into. Lots of things going on behind the scenes, I dropped a few hints, but for the most part this was a kind of static chapter. Next one, though, things will pick up. Pinky swear. Chapter 6 : The Curtain is Closed Between Set Changes Summary: Last chapter our duo got a late start to the day, this chapter they celebrate a milestone, and a change in weather brings out a change in sleeping arrangements. Notes: Just a short and fluffy domestic interim that I wrote to celebrate this oddball fic getting 100 subscribers (thank you everyone! You guys are seriously amazing!) This chapter doesn't really progress the main storyline, but Kylo and Rey have had big drama recently and more to come so they could use a little breather, don't you think? (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) It's almost three in the afternoon when they stop for lunch. Rey had pouted and given him icy indifference for as long as she could stand. Some men don't respond to the silent treatment, but luckily for her Kylo appeared to be quite bothered by her cold shoulder. He'd pointed out things along the way, did his tour guide bit, and even tried conversing with her. Asking her random things about herself or what she felt about this or that topic. She could tell he was getting flustered by her minimal responses. Nevermind that she was also starting to feel like a childish brat, even if she had every reason to be angry with him. Not that she's letting him off the hook for... everything. Anything. Any and all of it. Not at least until she has time to process these last few days. But, regardless, she was ready to drop the hatchet between them and go back to pretending they were on their way to becoming new friends instead of being stalker and stalk-ee. So, when Rey stops for gas and snacks at a tiny and worn out town called Nutt, she gets him a mango slushie from the convenience store. Because nothing says “you're a creepy weirdo but I don't completely hate you” like orange-colored sugar water that took a little trip around a blender with some ice. She picked out for herself something called “uvas” and was disappointed to discover that apparently just meant grape. But when she returns to her car, Kylo is nowhere to be seen. There are a few other buildings in the run down shopping center, but she was surprised he'd be willing to go into any of them, what with him being such an uptight prick. He'd left the keys in the cupholder. She swaps places with them and the drinks in her hand and has a moment of temptation. Just drive off, Rey. Just do it. It would be so easy. And yet, when she pictures leaving him behind her in her back mirror, the thought doesn't have nearly the same appeal as it once did. She'd be alone again. Have to go back to doing everything by herself. And, all things considered, leaving Mr. All Black and Pale stranded in Nutt, New Mexico... now that's a pretty terrible thing to do to another human being. Even if they deserve it. The passenger door opens and he hops in. Hoodie pulled up over his head like the weirdo that he is. “Went out and robbed someone?” He frowns at her, then pulls it off and cranks up the air conditioning. “No. I just... went out for a second.” No further explanation. No surprise there. “So was this a test?” she asks, handing him his slushie and trying not to giggle as he stares skeptically at it and then wipes the end of the straw with his sleeve. She pulls out and onto the road, guessing by his pleased expression that it actually didn't taste half bad. “Was what a test?” “Leaving me unsupervised with the car keys.” She watches him from the corner of her eye. His brow furrows and he blinks into the distance. “No. I... did you think about it?” She shrugs. Feeling a spiteful little thrill of pleasure that the noncommittal gesture seems to irritate him. * “ Ohmygods did that just say 'Ghost Town' ?!” Rey slams on the brakes much harder than necessary. Feeling excessively excited by both the sign and the jittery buzz from the massive amount of sugar in her uvadrink. Kylo sighs and starts readjusting all the loose items that had taken a tumble in their sudden stop. “It might have. I've never been on this road before.” They were on New Mexico Highway 27 and heading more or less due north. It was an odd stretch of road that looked like a bland desert trek on the map, but was actually a rather otherworldy basin ringed by dry mountains. She kept seeing National Forest roads and had to fight the urge to drive on every last one of them. “I like it here,” they had both said at almost the same moment. Well, at least there was one thing they can agree on. Rey throws her car into reverse and just backs up the full quarter mile to the turnoff, the SUV wriggling across both lanes of the road in a serpentine. Kylo rubs his temple but wisely stays quiet. It's not like anyone else was around to see her bad driving habits, anyhow... * “The Lake Valley Townsite was the location of a prosperous silver mine established in 1872. At one point, it was home to nearly 4,000 residents, though today little remains other than a derelict ghost town. On the north side of the site is... Rey, are you even listening to me?” Kylo puts the brochure down and watches as she steps inside one of the ruined shacks. Blatantly ignoring the “please keep out of the buildings” signs generously scattered throughout the area. “Yep! Ghost town! Heard that part!” Rey trots out and grins at him. In her hand is a rusted can. “You're not supposed to take any-” “I'm not! I'm just looking at it. What do you think used to be in it?” He takes the can from her and tips it over. “Sand. Or so the clues would lead us to. A can of sand. Mystery solved.” She rolls her eyes at him but hurries on to the next relic. Feeling far too excited to be in her first real ghost town to let her curmudgeon of a companion bring her down. “Seriously? A ghost town? This is so absolutely perfect!” she calls out to him from a distance. Kylo puts the can against the side of the building and follows after her. She's already half way down the lot and climbing over the short barrier fence into what the brochure said had been the Lake Valley's school house. “Having a good time?” he asks, shaking his head as she takes about 30 photos of the same pile of bricks in front of a half-collapsed porch. She breaks out into a huge smile. It's so infectious he has to sigh and turn away for a moment. Then she grabs him by his elbow and practically drags him over the barrier to join her. Stands in the shadow he casts while he reads to her about the history of the area. * They take their time. Stopping at other sites along the way and dipping into several National Forest roads at Rey's insistence. Some of them simply go on and on in a straight line, and some of the roads are so rough and undeveloped that not even their new SUV can pass them. By the time they find a good spot for the night, it's already nearly dark. They'd picked a small and mostly unsheltered loop pull-off from the gravel road they'd been on for nearly an hour. The site doesn't offer much, just more sand and sagebrush, but it's starting to rain and Rey wanted to put up her tent before it got any worse. Unfortunately, the thing about the desert is that when it rains it's usually torrential. It had begun as a misleading few warm drops that made the ground fragrant and the air thick. Then, just as soon as she and Kylo had started spreading out the groundcloth to her tent, the clouds fully opened up into a massive downfall. Even running the short distance to her car had left them close to soaked. “Well, that didn't work,” Rey comments, throwing her tent bundle into the back seat and tucking her legs in under her and in front of the steering wheel. Kylo looks over at her, his face largely hidden by his hood. She should get one of those herself, she thinks. Next time they're in a town with a Goodwill. “Are you cold?” He reaches into the back and offers her a towel and she shakes her head. They only have the one and it's starting to smell funky. “It's so pretty over there, look.” She points at a mesa in the far distance. The clouds haven't reached it yet and it's lit up by both the moon and flashes of lightning. Something else catches her eye. A small, circular object is hanging from the rearview mirror next to her glass turkey. She looks closer and it's a dream-catcher. About the size of her palm and decorated with turquoise beads. She reaches out and runs her fingers over it, rubbing the smoothly rounded beads. Tied to the bottom of it is a small rusty circle. Kylo looks out the window, pretending not to notice where her attention is. “What is this?” she asks. Nudging him with her elbow when he just gives that annoying shrug of his. “I got it for you in town when you got gas. There was a woman selling them by the road.” A mix of emotions flashes through her. Gratitude and happiness and an odd sort of embarrassment. She's not really used to getting gifts, especially for no reason. Kylo shifts in his seat, frowning slightly. “I really like it,” she tells him quickly, watching how his shoulders relax after her assurance. “What's the metal thing?” “Um, an old washer. I think. It's from the ghost town.” She grins, rubbing it between her fingers for good luck. “I thought we weren't supposed to take anything from there?” He shrugs again. This time she doesn't mind it so much. * The rain starts to let up after around half an hour. They didn't talk much during that time. Watched the storm in companionable silence rather than the icy hostility that had been the signature of earlier in the day. “Do you want to put your tent up soon?” he eventually asks. She looks out the window. Nothing but pitch blackness and she knows the ground will be soaked into a silty, muddy mess. “Nhnn... I... think I'd rather stay in here tonight. If that's okay with you?” Sleeping in the car is nothing new to her, but she hasn't done it since he came into her picture. He surprises her by sighing. Reluctantly sitting upright and starting to put on his boots. “Kylo? I meant... you can stay in here, too. I'll sleep behind the steering wheel and you can do whatever you usually do over there.” He pauses mid-lacing on his boot. “Really?” Such a strange man. He genuinely seemed to think she was going to make him sleep out in the rain and muck. “Are you sure?” he asks. “I can... I mean-” “Just lay back down. Weirdo.” Rey says it roughly but he must know that she's only teasing. She leans past him and wrestles her sleeping bag out from the hollow space at the feet of the backseat. He watches silently as she spreads it out and wriggles inside before turning off the ceiling light. The storm has mostly passed now and a small bit of the moon is peaking through the clouds, illuminating her gift in a silhouette. She reaches out again and rubs the metal ring. “So... just trying to be nice to me? Or...” Or, if this was his attempt at making an apology it's not nearly enough, even if the thought still counts. “Sort of,” he says. Voice deeper and quieter than usual with sleepiness. “I wanted to give you something to celebrate the occasion.” “Occasion?” “Your six month anniversary in this country.” Rey's hand falls and she sighs very softly. Six months. It felt like so much longer than that. Like a lifetime ago that she stepped out onto the street in New York City for the first time and said to herself 'okay little girl , now what?' “You saw that in my passport, huh?” A prick of annoyance. Him taking that was still a sore point. One that had gotten swept aside during more pressing revelations, but it was still something that bothered her. She hears Kylo shift in his seat. Knows that he doesn't want to or need to answer that. “It's okay,” she says, letting him off the hook. For now. “And thank you. It's really pretty.” He huffs in acknowledgment. She settles down and watches the how the moon lights up the quickly moving clouds. * Even though she's tired, sleep is hard to come by. Maybe it's the change in bedding arrangements or how she's still not used to how her new car smells. Or the fact that she can't remember the last time she didn't sleep totally alone. Rey passes the time by staring up at the ceiling of her car. The upholstery is a deep grey suede that looks jet black in the dim moonlight reflected off their hood. “Kylo?” She knows he's still awake. He always seems to go to sleep only after she does. Without fail. “What?” he says, voice even deeper than usual from his recumbent posture. “Do I snore in my sleep?” She hears a sharp exhale. No answer but his seat squeaks a little. “Are... are you laughing at me?” “I'm trying not to.” She's sure she can hear the smile on his face. It makes her want to smack him with something. Instead she flips over to face away from him. Wads her pillow up and tucks the end under her chin to hopefully keep her jaw closed all night. He starts huffing back his mirth, trying to fight it. The motion actually makes the vehicle shake a tiny amount. And she snarls, glaring at where his reflection would be if she could see him in her window. “So I take it that's a 'yes', then? I do actually snore?” He clears his throat. Even that sounds happier than his usual. “Yes, Rey. You snore. Every night.” “ Every ni - and you'd know that because you've been watching me sleep, right? Like the weirdo creeper that you are, you know I snore because you've been stalking me for weeks, right?!” The car shakes again. This time accompanied by the strangled sound of him failing to fully repress his laughter. Rey doesn't think. Doesn't hesitate. Balls her pillow up in her fists and hurls it at him as hard as she can. Wants to smother him with it. And, of course, he makes everything so much worse by fluffing it up nicely before placing it back under her head. “Here you go, Rey. You seem to have dropped this.” She growls . She didn't even know she could make a noise like that. Then she flops over onto her side again, the whole car jerking with the movement, and spends her remaining waking minutes resolutely ignoring how that damn bastard is smiling at her. She can't see it, but she just knows that he is. “Rey?” His voice drifts to her softly, reaching her as she's about to drift off. “ What?” “Would you like to have a nice dream?” She frowns into the darkness. Turns to look at him even if she can't really see him. Then feels his hand lightly skim her face. Tracing her features as he feels his way along her skin to cradle her jaw. She doesn't flinch away or say a word, but she can feel her breath catch in her throat. He gently pushes her down until she's laying on her back. “Sleep,” he says. And she does. Notes: I dunno... too fluffy for this fic? I was just in a good mood and wanted to cut these crazy kids a break for once. And for those of you who want some edutainment with their Reylo fanfiction, here are some links to where Kylo and Rey went in this chapter: http://www.blackrange.org/The_Black_Range_Rag/Tales_of_Lake_Valley_files/Lake%20Valley%20BLM%20.pdf the highway they were on: http://www.blackrange.org/The_Black_Range_Rag/NM-27.html And I just assumed Rey would share my love of ghost towns. Why? Because they're awesome. Chapter 7 : Every Which Way but Straight to the Point Summary: Where Kylo has some things to say, Rey starts to feels like there's a conspiracy against her, and a cheap hotel brings with it of the perils of close quarters cohabitation. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “So how long were you kept there?” Rey tries to keep her voice neutral. Conversational and almost cheerful, even. But not too effervescent to take away from the seriousness of the absolutely chilling story Kylo had just shared with her. “Which time?” Kylo's voice is distorted as he mumbles it into his palm. He has his chin rested against his hand and is staring resolutely out the window. The portrait of insouciance and disregard. “Um, the second time. The first one you said you were, what, like 16 or so when...” Rey doesn't know how to end that sentence. He'd told her he had been placed at a very 'exclusive' boarding school that had been run by his apparently heartless and nihilistic uncle. It had sounded like the far reaches of hell, but paled in comparison to what happened after he'd been thrown out from there. “I was 17 when it happened. And then I spent a year in the 'system', or whatever you want to call it. They bounced me around from place to place while they did their investigation. And then they finally found a place to put me.” Right. A place to keep him out of the way is what he really means. He's trying to pretend to be so unaffected, but Rey can feel it deep in her bones. Feel the truth of how haunted he is by this. That's not the only thing he's haunted by, if she chooses to believe Kylo's unique version of reality. But his whole incoherent tale about how his family is different and that's how he's able to... do the things that he can do. That part was the ramblings of a crazy man. She had more than suspected he was insane, or at least seriously demented, even before he'd told her about his other problems. But at least he owns up to it. Admits that he's gone off in the head and it's not his fault. And she told him that of course it's not his fault, he's ill, but he just kept on repeating that like he didn't believe her. “Kylo...” Rey's voice trails off before the sentence can fully form. It's such an awkward thing to try to give comfort to him. Or to anyone, really. His face is partially scrunched up. Mostly along the bridge of his nose, but his eyes are squinted and furious. It's not a real anger. She can tell which is which by now. A face so expressive it's an open book even when it's owner is a closed fist. “Kylo, it's... going to be okay.” It probably won't be. There's absolutely no reason to think that it will. But Rey can't help herself from trying. She reaches out and catches his hand in hers. He's so much bigger than her that it looks absolutely ridiculous, but she doesn't mind. A light scratching along the top of his fingers with her nails. Staring straight ahead at the road while he turns his attention from pretending to engage with the countryside to watching as she touches him. He fingers open a little and hers slips through. Holding her breath until she forces herself to look at him. His lips are pressed together into a hard line and he has his perpetual scowl sunk deep into his features. Apparently feeling every bit as uncomfortable with human contact as she is. But he doesn't pull away. And, after a few awkwardly long moments, his thumb joins into their mix. Rubbing the outside of her pinkie finger. “Don't feel sorry for me,” he finally breaks their weird and poignant silence. He looks away out the window again and it's a reminder for her to keep her eyes on the road instead of his unique profile. Every story has two sides, Rey knows that. And given all the ways that Kylo is Kylo, she's willing to bet there's much more to this than him just being an innocent victim. But still... She nods in response. Not trusting her voice at that moment and feeling overwhelmed as always by her enigmatic companion. Pulls her hand away and chooses to ignore how he hesitates in his grip for a second before letting her. “There are many people out there who have had it worse than me,” he says, addressing the window as much as he is her. She fidgets. Debates turning on the radio or asking him to look at the map or find any sort of distraction from this. Maybe pull over even if there's nothing here and give them both some air? He's upset and that's making her upset and this whole conversation's just an awful thing that she can't fix even though she's starting to really want to. “It's okay, Rey. I didn't mean to trouble you with all that. We can change the topic now. Talk about whatever you want to.” He's doing that thing again. The one where he is this enigma that always seems to know exactly what she's thinking. Body language expert. That's what she'd decided to tell herself. Ignoring what he said which was that he was just “born that way” because that explanation doesn't make sense and she needs sense in her life right now. So. Yeah. Body language expert. It fits as well as any other theory. “You're very chatty today,” she says, reaching over the dashboard and fiddling with the GPS on her phone. It's currently spinning their little car symbol around in a circle as it tries to find their coordinates. “You like it when I talk.” True. She does. And he hated it when she'd resolutely ignored him in the past. Talking is good. It's the thing that mature adults do to pass the time and get to know each other better. Except that this time it lead to a freakish bout of oversharing from Mr. Silent and Broody. Rey really isn't sure where to even begin with that, though, so she changes the subject instead. “Did you sleep well last night?” she asks, giving up on the GPS since there's only one road around here anyhow and they're on it. He makes a weird snorty noise. She looks over and he's smiling at his bent elbow. “Kylo?” “It was warmer with you in it. The car, I mean. When I woke up all the windows were foggy.” “Foggy?” “Mhmm. If that car that had drove by had stopped, they'd have thought that whomever was in here had been getting up to something.” Rey feels her face turn into an odd shape to his words. And especially to his tone. If she didn't know better, she'd have thought her enigma was trying to flirt with her. Except that would have to predicated by the assumption that he knew half of how what he was saying actually came across at any given moment. And that was definitely something that she was beginning to doubt more and more with each passing day. “I slept great,” she says quickly, rerouting her line of thought. “It's weird because normally it's pretty uncomfortable sleeping behind the wheel because I can't put my feet up on the dash or stretch out fully.” Kylo nods, skeptically measuring the distance between the seat and the wheel. “Pleasant dreams?” Rey taps her fingers, trying to recollect. She remembers arguing with him about whether she snores, but then... it gets fogged over with the haze of sleep. She hadn't even remembered a car driving by in the middle of the night, which was something that normally would have woken her up. “Maybe?” she offers. “I think so. I woke up smiling, so I guess that's a good sign. What about you?” He shrugs. She rolls her eyes. Maybe she should start punching him everytime he does that? “Couldn't complain.” Something about that tone... Rey looks at him sidelong. He catches her gaze and holds it. Always with that same stoic intensity that practically radiates out of him. She looks away. Turns on the radio and tasks him with finding a station other than static. * At noon something very strange started to happen. Rey started to have an odd feeling. This was different than the other times when she'd blackout or... whatever had happened to her before. No, this time she felt odd and uneasy. A faint tightness in her chest and the urge to constantly look over her shoulder. They'd stopped at a roadside pullover that was high up on a plateau looking down towards a lake called the Elephant Butte Reservoir. The winds had been picking up steadily throughout the day and had snatched the loose items on top of their box of food away as soon as she'd opened the trunk to get it. Kylo had been sent forth to retrieve them from the bushes at the far side of the lot where they'd been blown to, and that was when Rey had felt it. That awkward, uncomfortable itch between her shoulder blades. She can't quite place... oh wait, she actually can . It feels crystal clear like someone is watching her. She'd felt that before. Two nights ago by the river. At the time she'd just thought it was Kylo creeping like he does. But then the Park Ranger who'd come by had told her someone had complained about them arguing. She hadn't spent too much time thinking about that after other revelations had come to pass, but now it makes her hesitate. “Kylo?” she asks when he comes back to her, face sweaty from his chase with the wind and his hair adorably everywhere. “Did you do anything to me?” He pauses with opening up the jar of salsa for their tacos to look at her curiously. “Meaning?” he asks. “I feel... paranoid. I don't know. Sometimes I have those memory gaps, and I thought that... y'know...” “And you thought that I'd 'done something' to you, right?” he completes her thought. Looking annoyed as the wind picks up again and blows his hair into something resembling a tumble weed. “You're not going to start another fight about that, are you Rey? We've already been-” “Yeah, yeah. You think you're special, pretty boy. But I just need to know if-” “No. I haven't.” Rey searches his face for the truth. Squinting from the brightness and his constant difficulty. Finding nothing, she turns back to the can of beans. Swizzling them around with a spoon like she's reading tea leaves before scooping them into the hard-baked shell. They eat in quick silence. Hurrying to get out of the constant gusts and back on the road. “We were alone last night, right?” she asks when they get back in their car. Kylo gives her a look like she's grown a second head. “Of course. Why?” “And the night before then?” She pulls the SUV out onto the road. Pausing for just a moment to check both ways and everywhere around them. No one is visible, but there are hills and trees and- “We've always been alone, Rey. Every night. That's why we pick the places that we do.” She nods to the truth of his words. Such a strange thought that it's now reassuring to have him around when less than 48 hours ago she'd been so terrified of him. “Are you alright?” he asks. Reaching out like he wants to touch her forehead, then catching himself and pulling back. They're both sweaty and dirty anyhow, so all he'd get is a messy palm and inconclusive results. “I'm fine,” she says quickly. He retreats back to his side of the car with a frown. The feeling doesn't go away, though. No matter how many times she looks in the rearview mirror and sees nothing but an open road. * “Do you think he's really following us?” Rey asks, alternating her gaze between the police cruiser trailing steadily but distantly behind them and her speedometer. Kylo had been nonchalant about it at first. Then when the cruiser had turned right along with them onto Highway 152 he'd started to take notice. And even moreso when they'd turned left on 187 North and the red and blue lights hadn't missed a move of theirs. Now they're both irrationally tense. Or perhaps rationally, but Rey keeps telling herself over and over that they haven't done anything wrong. Yeah, okay, they did a U-turn way back when, but... you only get a ticket for that kind of thing in the mail, right? She's pretty sure that how it works. Rey had slowed down a few times. Subtly, not doing anything to draw the policeman's attention to them on the otherwise sparsely traveled road. The car behind them had matched in suit, and Rey's nerves started to fray. Maybe it was all the sun and solitude they'd been sharing so much of recently? It was starting to get to her. Make her paranoid when it was really nothing more than they were heading into the only decent sized town and logically that could where the cop was going too. That made sense, right? Except, just to relax Kylo's whitened knuckles and for her own peace of mind, she'd pulled over at a scenic point. Hopped out ostensibly to take pictures exactly like a normal, totally uninteresting tourist would do. The police car had slowed down. Slowed down to a crawl as it drove past them on the main road. She tried to look at him out of the corner of her eye but didn't want to seem obvious. Kylo wasn't helping at all . The way he had his goddamn hood up and kept muttering “better not stop, he'd better not stop” was setting her teeth on edge. She couldn't see anything about the driver. And then he'd picked up speed and moved on past. Kylo had stomped back to the car and slammed the door closed so hard that she flinched for the integrity of the hinges. It suddenly occurred to her that, if they really do have some sort of problem, she doesn't know how he's going to react. Her unpredictable, anger-prone, mood swinging companion literally could try to do anything in a bad situation and all she could do is try to talk him down. Try to tell the angry Rottweiler not to bite. And if he really was certifiable in the past like he told her that he was? Rey doesn't want to think about it. She knows she really should think about it. But that has to wait for another time when her hands stop shaking and her heart stops racing. Until then, they just need to get into town and get some things taken care of without any trouble. * Six miles outside the town the police car pulls back in behind them from where he had been hiding by an arroyo bridge. No lights, no sirens. Follows them and maintains their course and speed. The feeling comes back again. Despite how hot it is even with the air conditioner cranked up, Rey feels her palms get clammy. Kylo doesn't say a word. Instead all he offers for emotional support is absolutely silence as he glares at the car trailing them with an expression that could only be described as 'murderous'. Rey swallows and hugs herself around her shoulder with her free arm. Keeps an eye on her speed and doesn't let it go one tenth of a mile over the limit. * Truth or Consequences. Gods bless New Mexico. Only in the Land of Enchantment could you get away with having a town named named something as stir-crazy as that. As much as she hates it, she can't help but love it. They'd pulled into the 'TorC', as their map had shortened it, in the very late afternoon when the sun was at an angle and the air was starting to smell with the rich earthy scent of evening. The shadows cast by the retreating light were deceiving, though. A full day spent baking under a level of solar radiation that far surpassed the word 'intense' left everything in it's wake like an oven that would melt long into the night. Somewhere along the way of darting in and out of the early rush hour traffic they'd lost the police car. Or, far more likely, he'd decided to stop following them for one reason or another. Between that undefinable event and the blazing temperatures, neither Kylo or Rey were in a particularly great mood. They were both eager to get out of here and back on the road so they'd divided up the necessary tasks. Rey took laundry duty and Kylo had nominated himself to be in charge of groceries. Then she'd handed him a few bills from her hidden stack and they'd gone they're separate ways for a short while. The waiting room at the laundromat only had bad Mexican soap operas on the TV and Rey quickly grew tired of them. Even without understanding the language she gathered they had the exact same plot twists as the ones she'd seen back home: marriage, sex, affairs, sex, ridiculous villains at a literal shotgun wedding which, oddly enough, ending up leading to even more sex. When she couldn't stand it anymore, she'd left and walked to the discount store she'd seen down the street a few blocks. Her reasoning being that, if anyone stole their weathered and stinky clothes out of the machines, they probably needed them more than she did. When she gets back, small bag of new clothes and toiletries in hand, she sees the police car again. Her heart jumps in her throat almost as fast as she jumps inside the laundromat's front doors and out of line of sight. Okay, it's a police car. She can't tell if it's the same one or not, even if she know in her h eart that it just is . A little kid behind her starts laughing after noticing what she's hiding from. His mother looks away from the salacious display on the TV to glare at Rey. Mutters something under her breath in S panish before pulling her child closer to her. Rey tries to play it off by yanking their clothes out of the machine and making a show of putting them away. A visual display of 'See everyone, I'm meant to be here!' When her audience turns their attention back to the sight of a crying bride dramatically throwing her ring into the ocean, Rey takes the chance to peak out again. Now there's a large black truck pulled parallel to the police car. The window is down but Rey can't see the driver from her angle. Whoever it is and the policeman are talking to each other. And then a pale hand reaches out and Rey could almost swear that he handed the cop what looked like a roll of money. Seriously? The police here are so corrupt they'll take bribes on the street in broad daylight? Rey frowns, staring as the window rolls up and then the truck pulls away. The police car lingers for a minute before moving on down the main road. Only the buzzer on the second load in the drier snaps her back to the moment. Whatever the hell that was all about, Rey has absolutely no idea. All she knows is that she's only been back in “civilization” for a little over an hour and she's already feeling claustrophobic. * “Do you want the bed with the burn or the stain?” Kylo's voice is so thick with incredulity that it makes Rey laugh despite the nature of his question. She dumps her pile of bags on the faded carpeting and steps inside the room to take a better assessment of her options. There are no right answers in this sort of desperate situation, but regardless.. “Um... I'll take the one with the burn. At least I know what caused that.” Kylo winces. Visibly having to take a moment to handle the unspoken implication of her words. Yup... looks like a cheap, nasty hotel room. When she went on TripAdvisor.com and searched for the absolute dirt-cheapest hotel outside the 'TorC', this kind of dive is exactly what she expected. It was supposed to be a nice treat after a rough few days but... gods, she hasn't even seen the state of the bathroom yet. That might be the deal breaker to her just sleeping in the car again anyhow. Kylo reluctantly approaches his new bed. Checks under the frame and then under each layer of covers. “No condoms or underwear, at least.” “Disappointed?” He glares at her. She smiles softly to herself, amused by how incredibly easy he is to rile up. * Okay, the bathroom wasn't actually all that bad. The tile and grouting were black, which mercifully hid the worst of the suspected 'substances' from clear view. Out of sight, out of mind. That was the mantra Rey repeated to herself as she luxuriated in the decently hot streams of water for so long all the glass surfaces were foggy and the skin on all her toes had shriveled up. When she finally steps out after what must have been at least 45 minutes, she's in such a good and rejuvenated mood that she doesn't even mind the sandpaper-like qualities of the bathroom towel she wraps herself in. Maybe, if she's careful about it, a couple of these towels might even happen to fall into their trunk on their way out tomorrow. Then, of course, Kylo has to ruin her good mood by being creep ily watching porn . She freezes mid-step on her way out of the bathroom. Unable to fully comprehend that he's just sitting there on his bed watching some girl enthusiastically bouncing away on the TV. Her immediate impulse is to retreat backwards and pretend that she saw nothing. But, then again, he wasn't actually... doing anything . Just was sitting there with a furrowed brow and a slight downtilt of disapproval on his face. He was holding the remote poised, finger hovering over one of the buttons, when Rey clears her throat. “Kylo, um... what're you doing?” Her voice snaps him out of his reverie and he beckons her to come closer. She stays rooted to the spot, suddenly feeling very under dressed in just a worn out hotel towel. “Check this out!” he says, turning his attention back to the TV and lowering the volume as the girl's sounds increase in pitch. “I think they ripped this off from the other one,” he flips the channel, revealing a very similar scene once again. “Or maybe it was vice versa, hard to say. But it's the same setup, same “plot”, same girl I thin-” Rey snatches the remote from him and turns it off. “Why are you watching this?!” she demands, wondering for the hundredth time what sort of lunatic she's dealing with. Kylo stares up at her blankly. Then he draws his brows together and has the nerve to look confused. “It... it was the only thing on that wasn't in Spanish.” He says it with such an overwhelming innocence that Rey almost believes him. Almost believes that this socially awkward man-child genuinely didn't realize that he can't just- “Oh godsdamnit Kylo...” she sighs and tosses the remote onto her bed. It bounces and falls behind the nightstand. “You really, really don't get it, do you?” He looks like he's about to defend himself, then stops and looks away abruptly. She'd been digging out clean clothes and wonders if she didn't accidentally just flash him or something. “Uh, shower. I'll be... yeah.” He gets up and flees the room in a manner quite reminiscent of what she herself had been planning moments ago. Rey stares at the closed door to the bathroom before roughly shaking her head. Clearing her mind of the turbulent direction it was trying to take. Then she gets changed as quickly as she can and darts under the covers of her bed. Tries to think about anything but how her happy-go-lucky solo roadtrip has gotten so far and strangely off course. Notes: Getting a little writer-blocked on this story, hence the kind of disjointed chapter. I have a pretty detailed outline worked out, but I keep looking at it and think it's too slow moving or needs a masked man with a gun to appear* or something to pick up the pace. But on the other hand, I'm really enjoying writing this piece BECAUSE it's more laid back and centered on ambiance and gradual pacing. I dunno... But do please let me know if the story starts dragging or getting too slow, I can certainly goose it up a little if it needs it. *Alfred Hitchcock's advice for when you think a scene is slow: send in a man with a gun. Guaranteed drama no matter what! Chapter 8 : Yes, I am Sequenced Summary: Where an awkward morning is interrupted by an unwelcome stranger and our Duo once again face off on Rey's suspicions about her companion. They might finally be making progress, though... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) That night, Rey remembered her dream. Which turned out to be a very unfortunate and awkward thing, especially given her current cohabitation arrangement. The act of dreaming had become an overall hazy and muddled experience over these last five strange nights. Sometimes she would recall bits and pieces of what happened in her head, but when she did they were usually things she'd much rather have forgotten. Other times, like the night before when they'd slept together in her car, she was left with just the faintest ghost of a pleasant memory. Something that told her hey, let's have some fun. And that was exactly what the problem was now. The dream Rey had just woken up from had been very, for lack of a better term, “suggestive”. Oh, she'd been having some fun in it alright. But then she'd woken up with a racing heart and sweaty palms and her sheets tangled and bunched up together between her legs. For a moment, she was too paralyzed by embarrassment to make her eyes open. Half of her mind was absolutely stricken with mortification that she'd just had a freakin' sex dream when she wasn't completely alone. Because what if she'd been... noisy? Or had moved in her sleep against her pillows like a rottweiler in heat or something like that? But then the other half of her mind had been the little devil on her shoulder. The naughty voice whispering to her to just go back to sleep because they weren't finished yet. And oh no. She very much is finished with that particular line of thought, thank you very much. Rey forces in a breath then forces her eyes open. Stares at the off-white stains on the ceiling until her nerve rises enough for her to look over to the other bed. Pleading and praying to no one in particular that Kylo was still asleep and hadn't any idea that she had just been dreaming of how lovely his head would look if it was between her legs. If he knew, somehow, then she might just have to lock herself somewhere far away and never, ever show her face to him again. Because how could she if he did? Luckily, her prayers were answered. Kylo was still asleep. Rey tries to creep out of her bed as quietly as she can. Untangling the bleached and coarse hotel cotton from around her legs and holding her breath when she feels just how thoroughly her dream had effected the lower half of her. The worn out frame of the bed creaks and Kylo groans under his breath. He rolls over, still deeply asleep, and Rey takes a second to look at him. Really look at him. It seems like she can only do that when he's asleep and so unguarded and kind of adorable. She'd called him “unusual” before, which he definitely is. But maybe because she's gotten used to how weird he looks because it's completely overshadowed by how strangely he acts. Regardless, it seems clear to her now that she's starting to notice things that had escaped her before. Unable to help herself, she impulsively glances over him up and down, only to have to abruptly look away. Apparently she hadn’t been the only one having an interesting dream, at least judging by the evidence of his lower half. In the blink of an eye Rey grabs her things and flees into the bathroom. Telling herself that it's all totally and perfectly normal for both of them and... Well, that's a definite advantage of being a girl: you can have that sort of dream and the only thing you'll have to show for it when you wake up are blushing cheeks. * Rey had taken another shower. A very cold one. Not that she really needed to get clean again, but she wanted to give Kylo time to wake up and compose himself or... do whatever he needed to do in private. If he was so bold. Plus, whenever the opportunity to wash up presented itself, she wanted to take advantage of it. Leave the hotel room with still wet hair so that she knows she has the absolute longest time between having to wash it again. Kylo was in the shower now. He struck her as the type that would have liked to wash twice a day anyhow, road trip or not. When she'd gotten out he'd been distant and she'd been awkward. No ' did you sleep well'- s were exchanged between them this time, but at least his “problem” was no longer in evidence. No questions asked and any attempts that the background of her mind made at speculating were immediately squashed down. Then Rey had gotten that same, awful feeling of nervousness that she'd had before. Like a burglar alarm was going off in her head. She'd peaked through the blinds at her SUV just to make sure it was still there. A black pickup truck was parked next to it. She snaps the blinds shut and steps back. Okay. Okay. This is freaking New Mexico. Half the state drives a pickup truck and the other half are usually in a beat up Jeep that's been lifted well higher than what was probably street legal. Then there's a knock on the door and Rey could swear her heart stopped beating for a moment. She thinks about not answering, but then whoever it is knocks again. Much louder this time. Kylo is still in the shower. She can hear the water running and he usually takes at least twice as long as she normally does. But, as much as she doesn't want to deal with whoever is bothering them, it would probably be much worse if he were around right now. So unpredictable and abruptly angry, and this could really be about nothing. You're an adult. You can handle this yourself . With that as a mantra, she opens the door. Just a few inches, and blocks the view inside the room with her body. A man about Kylo's age is standing there. He looks her up and down without saying a word. Then he tries to peer over hear head and she wriggles the door in closer behind her. “Can I help you?” she asks. Squinting against the sharp sunlight reflecting off the windshield of her SUV and into her eyes. “I'm involved in a missing person's case, Miss. I have a few questions for you.” He talks smoothly, in perfectly clipped tones. Rey frowns up at him, suddenly feeling rather short and feeble. The man is tall, lean, and pale. He has perfectly combed back red hair and something about his icy expression is vaguely unsettling. Like he's both literally and figuratively looking down on her. He doesn't ask for any sort of permission to talk to her, and that might be what annoys her most. Tips her rising nervousness into irritation instead. Whatever he wants, he's not going to get much from her with that attitude, that's for damn sure. “Can I come in, Miss?” he prompts when she doesn't reply to his pronouncement. “No. You can't.” She says it flatly and definitively. He raises his eyebrows and steps a little closer as a maid moves past him with her cleaning cart. Okay . The man's quite a bit taller than she is. And he doesn't seem especially friendly, either. But at least she's not alone here. There are plenty of other people around and for once that's a source of relief instead of a creeping discomfort. “What sort of... what does this ' case ' have to do with me?” she asks quickly when she thinks she hears a soft noise from behind her. The man looks her over from head to toe. It's in a very critical and detached sort of way, but still... how rude. Rey frowns, annoyance and a little sense of caution prickling at her. “Do you have any identification that I can see, Miss?” He wants to see her ID? So... he really is a policeman after all? Well shit , maybe she should have been more polite to him. She almost steps back inside to get her purse, then catches herself when she thinks better of it. Cranes her head and looks past him at his truck. No insignia on its paneling. No badge or official marking on the man's clothing, either. “You're not a police officer, are you?” “No, Miss. I'm not.” “Then you don't get to see my ID. Show me yours first and then I'll think about getting it.” He reaches into his pocket and her heart sinks a little. Fuck, what if he's, like, an FBI or CIA agent? Or whatever branch it is that tracks down wandering English girls who shouldn't be in the country anymore. But following her all this way? Out here in nowhere land? Isn't that a lot of effort for someone who's just bumming around harmlessly?- She expected him to pull out a badge. Instead he holds up a picture. “Do you recognize this man?” he asks. She squints at it, looking at the long-distance image of Kylo. Of course it would be him. She'd known what it was the moment she saw it. But she takes it from the man anyhow. Pretends to consider the image closely. It looks like a printed still from a security feed. Kylo walking next to a brick wall. He's wearing the same black hoodie and jeans that he was when she first met him. He's not really doing anything in it, though. Just walking. It reminds her oddly of the dream she'd had several nights ago when they were camping by the river. Honestly, she was surprised that it wasn't a mug shot. She wasn't sure exactly what Kylo was running from, but a mug shot would have matched up with most of the theories she'd been mulling over. In the picture, though, he certainly doesn’t look dangerous. So at least there's that. “Where was this taken?” she asks. The security still and brick wall tell her nothing. It could have been taken anytime and anywhere, though it must have been pretty recently. The stranger sticks out his hand but she holds onto the picture. The hand falls and a flash of annoyance crosses the man's face. “So you do recognize him, then?” “I never said that. And no, I don't,” she lies. Looking up at the man to see if he believes it. His face is unreadable. “Really? Are you sure about that?” She frowns. Nods and hands the picture back. He takes it away quickly, tucking it back into the pocket of his jacket and regards her again. “Why are you... looking for him?” she asks, finding it hard to keep her voice steady. This whole thing is just so bizarre and, once more, she has more questions than answers. And she realizes that she doesn't hear the shower running anymore. Had he noticed that, too? This other man with the attitude and impatient grimace. “I'm investigating a case,” he repeats. “I've been informed that a man matching his description was recently seen in a town south of here.” “...okay? What of it?” Rey thinks back to all the places they've gone in the last few days. For the most part they kept a pretty low profile, but- “A mechanic by the name of Sal Esperanza said he came into his shop on Thursday,” the man interrupts her line of though. “He claims that he was with a young woman and they conned him into making a bad trade. Do you have anything to say about that, Miss?” It's Rey's turn to frown. That... that asshole . Sure, they traded him a hooptie and basically ripped him off, but it was his own damn fault for agreeing to it. But that might also explain why they were being followed yesterday. Had he reported their car as stolen or something? They have the title but it's in a fake name and a blatantly obvious one at that. “Miss?” he repeats. “Do you know anything about any of that?” “No, I don't.” She wants to ask him more questions. How did you find me here? Why are you looking for him? Is he dangerous? But she stays silent. This “investigator” or whatever the hell he is, is starting to creep her out. She doesn't like that he refused to tell her anything, really. Just the vibes coming from him are... off-putting. After a few tense moments, he nods. Reaches into his coat again, this time pulling out a pen and a card. He writes something on the back of it and hands it to her. She silently accepts it but stays quiet. “That's my contact information. Let me know if you change your mind and have something else to say.” She doesn't know what that means. But she nods and watches him warily. He turns and gets into his truck. Starts to pull out then stops to look over at her car and writes something down. Did he- No. Vehicles in New Mexico don't have license plates on their front, only in the back and with the way they were parked he couldn't have seen it. So he was doing something else, then. When he leaves the parking lot and disappears out of view she shuts the door. Locks it both both the top and bottom deadbolts. Kylo is watching her as she quickly starts packing up their belongings that are scattered around the room. He doesn't say anything, though, and that brings her annoyance sharply back into the forefront. “You know who that was, I'm guessing?” she asks, tossing him a plastic bag and gesturing to the laundry that they'd spread over the furniture last night because they were still a little damp. Kylo sighs. Then pushes away from his sulking spot along the far wall and gets to work. “Er... yes. He... worked at the institution I was in.” Rey pretends to be very focused on matching his socks that they'd bought earlier in Alamogordo. The fact that he'd insisted on them being all black but of slightly different styles wasn't helping but at least it gave her something to do as her companion struggled to explain. “When I was let out , there were... some people who didn't agree with the decision. I think he was sent to find me.” Rey looks up at that. Watches as he hesitantly picks up her panties on the arm of a chair and drops them into the laundry sack as quick as he can. She wants to ask him about the odd emphasis on “let out” , but he looks like he's having a hard time talking about any of this. Later, then. Definitely. “Why would he be looking for you at all? Just because that mechanic had a hissy fit and-” “We made a deal,” Kylo interrupts with almost a growl. Apparently defaulting to anger but Rey knows it isn't directed at her. “If he didn't like the terms of the deal then... well, tough shit.” That more or less took the words out of her mouth. She kind of wishes that he'd put the SUV in at least one of their real names, though. “Okay, so, we should be okay then, right? With the car?” She gets up and starts hauling their bags next to the door. Have them all ready so that they can get out of there as quickly and in as few trips as possible. “Yes, but... he may come back at some point. I can't guarantee that he won't.” Kylo has his back turned to her and she wishes she could see his face. It's harder for him to disregard her when they're making eye contact, she's discovered. “Why?” He shrugs. He shrugs and she feels her patience suddenly about to snap when he turns to her. The expression on his face is so strained that she forgets the sharp retort she was about to make. “Kylo? What's wrong?” Instead of answering, he comes over to her. Reaches out and catches her shoulder before rubbing her arm up and down. It's such and odd and out of character gesture from him. She holds still, though, and lets him do it. Whatever it is. The simple touching seems to mean something to him and how strange it is to think that she almost doesn't mind it now when a few days ago she had locked herself in her car to keep away from him. “What did he mean by ' missing person ' , Kylo?” she asks. He inhales and exhales. His enormous chest lightly making contact with her from the movement. Then he presses his hand to her forehead and closes his eyes. For some reason, Rey expects to collapse into his arms. To black out and wake up however many hours in the future. She doesn't know why, but she braces herself for it anyhow. Except she doesn't. Not this time, at least. Instead, she sees an image. It's like she watching the TV, but sitting so close the edges of the screen all but disappear. There's an older man. That's what she sees. An incredibly handsome, rugged older man. But as soon as she thinks that the fingers on her shoulder squeeze just a little bit too hard and the thought flickers away faster than confetti in a breeze. The man is arguing with Kylo. She can't hear what they're saying because her TV's stuck on mute, but whatever it is seems extremely heated. Kylo is absolutely furious. She's seen him pissed off many, many times but never with this intensity. The man is reaching out to him. Like he's trying to stop him from doing something. And then the image in her head abruptly stops. * Rey comes back to reality in waves. Firstly aware that she's sitting on the bed in their hotel room. Then of Kylo next to her, his arm around her shoulders in a side-hug. He's rubbing her temple softly with her thumb and staring at the door to the outside. “Where are our things?” she asks, voice softer and higher than it normally is. “I took them out already. We need to go soon. It's almost checkout time.” “Oh.” It's all she can think of to say. They sit like that for another long moment and Rey almost feels like nodding off again. Leans her forehead against his warm chest and wriggles in closer but he jostles her awake again. “Rey?” He tries to pull away and she clings. Pressing her face against him and he freezes, his breath tickling her scalp. “What?” “The man that I showed you? It's really, really important that you say you I had nothing to do with him disappearing. Like, if someone shows you a picture or tells you anything, you can't believe them, okay? Don't believe a single word without letting me explain first.” She stares at the pattern of paisley on the faded carpeting. It seems to move and flow for a second but then she blinks and it starts to come back together. Kylo shakes her again. Lightly. “Rey?” “Was he your father?” she asks out of the blue. Only half knowing what she's saying and more or less running on instinct. He sighs. Tries to pull away from her again and this time she lets him. “Yes.” She watches him go to the sink and fill up a little plastic cup with tapwater before bringing it to her. Randomly she hopes that he- “I filled all our water bottles up,” he says, finishing her thought before she could speak it. “Even the really big one. We've got enough now for several days at least. Maybe even a week.” “Are we going somewhere?” She finishes the cup in two gulps. The tapwater in Truth or Consequences tastes like limestone with a touch of sulfur. It must have something to do with all the hotsprings in the area. Kylo helps her gets to her feet. Straightens up her clothes before doing a last-minute check of their room. “We are right next to the Gila Mountains. They're one of my most favorite places. I thought we could really get into them. Tear up the back roads and-” “Get as far away from civilization as we possibly can out here?” It's Rey's turn to finish his sentence. He smiles at her. It makes him look even more like the older man that she'd just seen. “Do you want some more water?” he asks. She nods before calling out to his back. “Kylo? You know you need to start talking to me, right? I want to get the hell out of here too, but... tonight. Okay?” He comes back to her with another cup. She takes it and looks up at him. Square in the eye and with a determined tightness to the set of her jaw. She'd expected him to look away. Or do that damn shrug of his. Instead he's still smiling. Less than before, but the edges of his mouth still have a warmth and softness to them. “Okay, Rey. Tonight.” “Promise?” “Promise.” She tosses the plastic cup away in the wastebasket and looks over at the sink. The towels that were hanging there are gone. Hopefully in their trunk. “Good boy. Now... just how much do I need to clear my head for this?” There comes the shrug. She rolls her eyes but allows him to gentlemanly open the door to the almost implausibly bright outdoors. “I don't know how to answer that,” he says. “Maybe... that I don't have any luggage with me, but I've got a whole lot of baggage?” Rey frowns. Stopping mid-step to her car as she ponders his words. Then she realizes that maybe her Kylo was actually trying to make a joke? “That's really, really not funny, Kylo.” He shrugs again. Like he always does. Shrugs and she lets the conversation drop as she climbs into the driver's seat. Feeling so much more than ready to get out of here. Get back on the open road and find a nice, quiet space to confront Kylo and demand he stop stringing her along and just lay his cards on the table. Notes: Kind of a short chapter but I wanted to just go ahead and post it like it is to commit me into certain plot points that I kept going back and forth on. And why does it feel so awkward to write any sort of sexiness into this particular fanfic? A long, long time ago when I wrote my first Star Wars fanfiction (and by that I mean it was a little more than 3 months ago), I had a major complex with writing that sort of stuff. Now when I look over my body of work here on AO3 I realize that most of my stories are really pretty raunchy. I don't know... it just feels awkward with this story. But hey, at least they're slowly working their way towards that “M” rating. Took them long enough to finally get a little pent up around each other. Chapter 9 : Moving Forward Like the Tide Summary: Where Kylo and Rey try to work it out, Rey figures out what she'd been forgetting, and a day full of ups and downs comes to an unlikely ending. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “I'm not dangerous, Rey. I'm totally cured. He had absolutely promised me that I was.” The fact that Kylo was so uncharacteristically chatty while protesting his innocence cast a shadow of doubt over most of what he'd been saying. Rey tries to put it all into perspective. Apparently he had been in some sort of institution because his family had put him there. Or so he had claimed. She's pretty sure he's not full-on lying about that, but there's definitely some careful repositioning of the truth going on. “Kylo...” she starts to say, then her voice trails off. She gnaws on the tops of the knuckles of her free hand that's not driving and he plays with the seatbelt across his chest like it's choking him. Where to even begin with him, though? So many things still to be said and she thinks about pulling over because she keeps pressing down on the gas pedal without realizing it. A visual metaphor for how she's feeling at the moment. But, once again it's getting later in the day and they haven't covered enough ground to get out of the flatlands and into potential camping in the mountains. “Okay, Kylo,” she tries again, flicking on the cruise control to help her control herself. “Let's say I believe you. You had some problems, and then you got some help and got better. That's all great, right?” “Mhmm.” Now he has his head flopped back and is staring at the swirling textures of the ceiling upholstery. Normally he'd either look outside when he's trying to avoid her or stare at her like he has an idea but isn't sure if it's a good one or not. Rey tries to shrug his strangeness off. He's in one hell of a weird mood, even by his standards. But that's fine, as long as he's talking. “You don't trust me,” he comments, sighing and rolling his shoulders up and back against the headrest. Because I have no reason to. “Because you're not making sense.” She feels him reach out and lightly touch her face. Skim the pads of his index and middle fingers along her cheek before she slaps him away. That whole touching thing he does to her sometimes is a whole other issue in and of itself. But he immediately retreats back to his half of the car with a pout and she decides to drop it for now in lieu of more pressing concerns. “So if you're 'cured' and it's all bonafide and certified or however the release procedure went, why are you being followed? Why are we being followed? If you were let go, then what's the problem?” A vehicle crests over the gentle hill in the horizon. Rey immediately scowls at it until it gets close enough for her to see that it's nothing to worry about. Just another passenger car. Maybe she's been out in the desert for too long. She's starting to feel a little feral more often then not now. Kylo scratches at a puckered area of the fabric on the roof. It starts to separate from the backing above it and he pushes it back into place. “When I was released... maybe it wasn't fully official. Maybe some people said I still needed to be in there.” “Maybe?” “Maybe. My doctor had said I was cured and he was the only one who really wanted to help me. He knows me better than anyone else, so when he said I was fixed wouldn't he be the one to know?” Rey frowns, slowing down again when she catches herself speeding despite the cruise control. Forces her foot off the pedal and scoots back deeper into the seat. “Wouldn't your parents... well, what did they say about it?” “What they said doesn't matter.” “But they were the ones who put you in there?” “Yes. And they don't matter.” An odd tightness fills her chest as he talks about his family like they were nothing to him. Maybe they were, but it's still not right. “So they didn't agree with you being let go?” “Of course not. They probably wanted me to stay there forever so they wouldn't have to deal with me.” It's a powerful statement. One that compels Rey to finally pull over before she gets them in an accident. The overgrown dirt track she picks doesn't go over far, just a few hundred feet off the road before ending in a barb wire fenceline. The metallic scratching of sagebrush against the undercarriage of her SUV drowns out everything else until she comes to a stop and turns the engine off. “Are you sure about that?” she asks. Toying with her keychain ornaments while trying not to sink under the weight of his gaze on her. “Yes. But don't be upset about it, it doesn't matter. My doctor was the only one who wanted to help me.” He reaches out and places his hand on the parking break between them. She wonders if he's hoping she'll hold it like she did the day before when she was trying to comfort him. This time she doesn't, though. “So were they the problem, then? You parents? They tried to stop you from being released and...” Rey trails off, hoping he'll finish the thought. He shakes his head. “I don't think they knew.” “But it wouldn't have mattered if they did, right? Because you're an adult?” He nods. A pause, then she mirrors him. “So what happened next after that? You got released and now you're being followed. What happened in between the two events?” He hesitates then takes her hand on his own accord this time. Traces and plays with each of her fingers and she gets the strongest feeling he's trying to buy himself time. Another car races by on the main road. She watches it in the rearview mirror as it fades into the horizon until Kylo clears his throat and brings her attention back to him. “My doctor let me out. He was a good man and he told me that I'd been in there long enough. That I was cured and there was nothing more he could do for me but...” His voice fades and she chews her lip. Lightly wraps her thumb around his hand and he blinks at the gesture. “But what?” she asks. “But... but the state still wouldn't let me go. My mother is in a very powerful political office. Dr. Snoke found out that she had been secretly pulling strings to keep me in the institution forever. Probably so I wouldn't get out and embarrass her.” Rey scans her memory for knowledge of American political figures. Other than the top three or four most prominent she's drawing a blank. Especially to anyone who might fit the description of Kylo's mother. If what he's saying is true, though, then a lot of things are starting to make sense. “Sounds like you escaped from a bad situation.” It's the most diplomatic thing she can think of to say. Kylo nods, carefully untangles his hand and pulls away from her. “Dr- My psychologist helped me out so much, I wish I could pay him back somehow. He told me that he was sure he'd be able to get the escape charges cleared, but it would take some time. So I have to lay low until I hear back from him.” Rey blinks. “Until you hear back from him?” “Yes. That's what he said.” Except he doesn't even have a phone. Rey keeps that thought to herself, but that one detail throws her off completely. He doesn't have a phone, and doesn't seem to really know how to use hers, so how could he ' hear back ' ? Unless, somehow, this Dr. Snoke knew that Kylo would cross paths with her. But that doesn't make- No. It was random . Their meeting like that was completely random. Kylo had spouted some nonsense about 'fate' but that's just the sort of crazy talk that he does. Half the things he says don't actually mean anything, and the other half seem mostly to misdirect her into feeling irrationally endeared towards him. It's kind of working, too, but that part is definitely her own fault. “Just what sort of ' psychologist ' did you have?” she finally asks. “Technically he was a psychotherapist.” “Um, what exactly does that mean?” “He taught me how to access my subconscious through analysis and cognitive behavioral therapy.” Cognitive behavi - All that makes Rey think about is One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. She actually had rather liked that movie when she'd seen it a long time ago, but when confronted with the prospect of a real-life version? “That sounds scary, Kylo.” He turns to her again, this time unbuckling his seat belt so he can lean in closer. She scoots as far away as she can while still being subtle about it. Suddenly feeling acutely aware once more about how little she really knows about this man sitting next to her. “It wasn't, Rey. Not at all. It was actually very helpful. Dr. Snoke helped me a lot.” There's so much pure conviction in his voice and Rey doesn't know what to make of it. Even less so when he grips her shoulder and pulls her back into the seat she'd half edged out of. “Do you understand now, Rey? He helped fix me. And now I'm cured.” He's staring at her again, and this time it's with an expression that completely counteracts his words. Even if she doesn't have much firsthand knowledge of mental illness she's pretty sure he's well past toeing the line. And what does that say about her? She's here with him of her own free will after all. Or is she? The thought creeps into her as she looks away out the window. Watches the silt catching in the wind through the prairie. There's something there. In her head, not outside. Some little pieces inside of her mind that are trying to get her attention. Wanting her to put them together. “ Rey?” His hand on her arm squeezes and she feels herself start to get foggy. And that 's so familiar, isn't it? That sense of pressure and- “You're trying to do something to me again, aren't you?” she mumbles. The softness of her words matches the fog in her head. Except she fights against it this time, and it's a sensation like she's falling into a tunnel. There is a sensation at the end of it waiting for her and she closes her eyes. “What are you looking at, Rey?” His voice comes through in waves. She knows what will happen. That's the only thing that clear to her now when everything else is so muddled. She'll wake up in a few minutes sick as a dog. He'll be right there. Fussing over her and the sun will be only starting to rise through the pines just like- Her eyes snap open. And she's right where she was before. He's still holding her, but this time the intensity in his face is gone and he's smiling. “Did you see anything, Rey?” Do you get it now? The words come thorough so clearly even if his mouth never moves from its tightly pressed line. Do you get why I chose you? Why were were brought together? Instead of answering, she stares at him. Almost feels as if she can see through him. Very nearly. And when she reaches her awareness out to it she finds something else instead. “You've been controlling me.” Her voice is robotic as her mind finally reaches the top. His smile falters then falls. “Rey-” “ No. ” She pushes him off her roughly. Why was he so much into her space anyhow? The presumptuousness of the man. Then she throws open her door. Stumbling out and getting tangled in her seatbelt and the numbness that her legs had become. “Rey, come on,” he calls out to her. “Don't be-” Kylo tries to catch her but she shoves him away so hard she falls out the door. The rough rocks and broken earth of the ground cutting into her palms that catch her from hitting face-first. As soon as she gets even this amount of distance from him, though, her head starts to clear. “Is that why you were always with me?” She chokes on the dust filling in her lungs. “Is that why you were always hovering around me when I blacked out? So that you could keep going until you'd made sure I'dforgotten everything?” Rey starts to get to her knees just as he comes up behind her. Reaches out to hold onto her shoulders and help her up, but she's faster. She slaps him hard right across that damn scar on his face and pushes him back from her. He stumbles. Slightly. His monumental mass keeping his feet firmly in place. And he has the nerve to look upset. Shocked, but also hurt when she shoves him again. Making him take a single step backwards and give her some fucking breathing room. “How many times did you do it, Kylo? How many times did you trick me or whatever the fuck it is that you can do?” He doesn't respond, though. Instead leans against the frame of the car and tries to make himself smaller. “Answer me!” she demands. Voice raising and fists clenching. So angry that common sense is starting to leave her. “How many times did you force yourself onto me?” He looks so horrified at that and she immediately regrets her choice of words. “I never-” “I didn't meant that . I meant...” her anger slips a little and she has to fight to keep it overflowing. Inhales and has to force herself to stay mad and not fall for his wounded expression and puppy-dog eyes like half of her personality so wants her to do. “Rey, please .” It's all he says and she takes another deep breath to collect herself. Squeezes and releases her fists to let off excess energy. Kylo stays stock-still, watching her quietly. “How many times did you do that to me?” she says after a few breaths. “Tell me because I need to know.” For a long moment she thinks he's not going to answer. The sand in the wind stings her eyes. She wants to slap him again and she also wants to cry. “Only twice,” he finally says. Straightening himself and pushing away from the car. His face is in the sun and he has to squint against it, making him look so angry and menacing even when she can feel that he's really only desperate. Rey has to force herself to keep her ground. Not to cower or flinch when he stands in front of her. So close that he could easily do anything to her and so big that she'd be powerless to stop him if he wanted to. “I would never-” “I know,” she stops him before he finishes. And she means it. Despite all the friction and adversity between them, she has an odd sort of trust towards this man that she's known less than a week. The wind's picking up with the progression of the day. Normally they would start looking for a place to spend the night around this time, but this conversation takes precedence over everything else. Settling this is so important to her that she's barely even aware of her surroundings right now. “So when was it? When did you do it?” she wipes her face. Feels the dirt and dust settle into the wet tracks on her cheeks that she hopes against hope he can't see with the sun in his eye and her face in shadow. He reaches out for her and she glares. Shakes her head and his hand drops back down. He buries both of them in his pockets before answering her. “When we first me, by the Ranger's Station. That was the first time. Then it was the next day. When you tried to dump me like an unwanted dog by the side of the road.” His words make her throat constrict even more. Dump him somewhere like his parents did to him, is what he was probably getting at, and it's such an awful comparison that she feels herself start to give in. “That's it?” she asks, voice as rasping as the dirt still buried into her palms. “Yes. That's it.” Then he pauses and seems to think about it. Her shoulders fall. “Oh Kylo...” if we can't be honest with each other- “There was another time. Two nights ago. But that was different.” Two nights ago? She'd slept in the car because it was raining. How could he... Why would he need to force her to- “You couldn't sleep,” he explains without her asking out loud. “You couldn't sleep and so I helped you. And I showed you a dream of when I was younger. Before everything else.” She doesn't remember much about that night. Only talking to him about the dream catcher he'd given her and then she waked up with a smile on her face. Not at all unlike this morning when she'd also been smiling, but for entirely different reasons. “You can do that? Make me dream of... things?” Her voice is slightly uneven. Still hoarse from her constricted tears but now also with a blush rising up to her cheeks and making the skin on her neck and chest feel exceptionally itchy. Kylo starts to say something then stops mid-syllable. His eyes grow wide despite the bright glare of the sun. “Last night, did you, er, dream about anything in particular?” he asks. He looks so uncomfortable. She feels so uncomfortable. Rey tries to think of any possible way she can phrase her answer. But then she sees the deep ruddy colors across his face and that's all the proof she needs to condemn him. “Kylo?” she takes a step closer and grits the words out through her teeth. “Did you have a sex dream about me last night and make me watch it?” He flinches. Then nods and her mouth drops. “Oh. Dear gods Kylo, what the fuck is wrong with you?” Nothing she's ever had to deal with in her whole life could have prepared how in how to deal with a revelation like that. “Rey, wait!” he protests when she starts to spin on her heel to get away from him. He catches her arm and pulls her back to face him. “Yes, okay? I had a very inappropriate dream. About you. I'm sorry. But I didn't- well, I didn't intentionally project it to you and... I'm so sorry, Rey. It won't happen again.” She slaps him a second time. Maybe not as hard as the first, but he just keeps crossing every damn line that she can think of. “What was that for?” he whines, rubbing his stinging face. “For being a fucking pervert, you-” She had been working herself up into a very satisfying and indignant rant when they get interrupted by a honk coming from the main road. A man in a beige security van has pulled over and is watching them. “You need some help miss?” the driver calls out. When she doesn't immediately answer he starts to open his door and step out of it. “We're fine, thanks.” Kylo's voice is icily dismissive but she can detect how annoyed he is by the interruption. “Doesn't seem fine to me,” the man says, taking a few steps toward them. “You need me to help you?” He addresses the second part to Rey and she hurriedly tries to wave him away. Okay, from an outsiders point of view, it probably looked like a couple having a really bad argument. Nevermind that the worst part was already over and they'd only been quibbling over boundaries regarding paranormalacy and sex dreams. Not that she was going to tell a total stranger about that last part. “I'm alright, Sir,” she tells him quickly. “I don't need any help, but thank you.” She bounces her arm a few times until Kylo lets go of it. The man stops halfway between them and his vehicle. Stares at her skeptically. “You sure about that?” he asks and Kylo takes a step forward before she stops him, holding on to elbow of his sleeve “We're fine ,” she insists. Then man says nothing for a moment and looks them both up and down. Kylo tenses under her fingers and Rey is a little annoyed on his behalf. She was the one slapping him , but of course he's the one who gets in trouble. That feminine double-standard, but in this case she gets the longer end of the stick. And who the hell does this stranger think he is, anyhow? But, before she can get too deeply into that, the man nods and takes a step back. “Alright then. If you say so.” He and Kylo exchange a heated glare before he turns and heads back into his van. Rey wonders, not for the first time, if the whole world is out to get her. Or maybe she just has rotten luck. And, in a different time and circumstance, she might have been happy for the interruption. Regardless, she and Kylo both stay rooted to the spot until the man leaves, then she lets out a deep sigh and lets go of his arm. “Do you think he's going to tell anyone about that?” she asks. Dusting her palms and looking around to see if there are any cellphone towers in sight. Kylo glares at the disappearing dot on the road. “Probably,” he agrees. “Wouldn't you if the situation was reversed?” She would. Unlike some of the other people they'd met, she got the strong feeling this man had genuinely good intentions and was trying to help her out. Doesn't mean that he's not going to get them in more trouble, though. “Let's get out of here. There's too damn many people on this highway.” Rey is torn between agreeing and disagreeing with his sentiment. * They camp that night tucked behind a ridge away from the main road. Out of sight of the traffic but not completely out of sound. The campsite was in the middle of a cluster of poplar and willow trees and Rey had picked it because it was so pretty and pleasant. Kylo had wanted them to keep going down the gravel road that had lead them there, but Rey had insisted and he immediately had dropped it. Definitely on his best behavior once again, though every time Rey wonders how long it will last before he lets some other revelation slip past his lips. She left for a walk shortly after they'd pulled in. Kylo had immediately tried to come along with her, following her like a loyal shadow, but he was softly dissuaded and this time he didn't push the issue. Possibly because she'd left the car keys on the dashboard again so he wouldn't worry about her slipping away, but maybe that was just her being pessimistic. Above their camp was a high hill that was a real labor to climb. The old ATV track running at a clean 90 degrees down it hadn't looked exceptionally steep from a distance but up close she was half-surprised there wasn't a graveyard of wrecked dirtbikes and 4-wheelers scattered around the bottom of it. When she'd dragged her way up to the top it just was in time to catch the first color changes of early evening. The sky had barely started to change from the dark blue of afternoon to a dusty rose and she took so many pictures the battery on her camera started to get low. Then Rey sat down on a fallen juniper tree for a bench and thought about everything that had happened. It was strange, but she wasn't angry with Kylo. Somewhat, yes, but not truly. Logically and in all ways rationally she should be terrified of him. This strange, massive, dark shadow of a man who had stalked her for weeks and refused to let her have the free will to leave him when she'd so badly wanted to. But then there was the other side of him. The side that had gone out of its way to be nice to her and do things just to make her happy. Not many people in her life had ever taken that much effort over her. Sure, Finn and Poe had been good friends but... she was starting to want something more than a friend. The rare and harmless flirtations that she'd had with the opposite sex had never amounted to anything other than a few shy smiles and coy words. For gods sake, she'd never even been properly or soberly kissed . And here she was, dodging the overly ambitious romantic notions that the background of her mind keeps trying to make her admit to. Okay, f ine. Kylo was attractive. In his odd, weird sort of way. Everything had been so hectic and accidental that it had taken her hormones a few days to overcome her fight-or-flight instincts and bring her to that conclusion. And her dream last night? Definitely nevermind to that. She's just going to shove that into a mental filing cabinet labeled “to be opened: never” and try to move on. So what to do about everything else? There's so much more to his story than he's letting her in on. She's sure of that but also at a loss of how to continue. Does she even have the right to try to wrangle the rest out it of him? They don't know each other . That's the truth of their situation. If this stranger that's so recently come into her life doesn't want to share every dark detail of what happened to him when he was in a psych ward, that's his right and it would be so wrong for her to push him. And it's not like she's told him everything about herself either. Is this what making friends is like? What being an adult is like? Because, if it is, then it kind of sucks. Rey sighs. Mood darkening to match with the gradually dimming sky. Then she does a quick 360 degree circle of the horizon to make sure there aren't any ominous tidings like a black pickup truck anywhere in sight before she trots back down the hill to camp. Her boots sliding on the upturned dirt of the track and filling with an obnoxious amount of dust as she goes. * Kylo had only begun to make camp when she'd gotten back. She thinks about asking where he's been and what he's been up to but enough is enough for one day. Especially when she has one more pressing question she still has to ask him before she can go to sleep tonight. “Alright Kylo,” she begins when he starts to take out the cookset and things to make dinner. “Since we're doing all these open and heavy conversations today, there is still something that's been on my mind alot.” He nods but says nothing. Pulls out two cans and a packet of instant rice and she watches as he starts preparing to make some sort of stew like conceptualization. Whatever it is, it's still probably going to turn out better than when she cooks. “This is difficult, but...” She starts then stops then starts again. “Well, so you've been stalking me and-” “Don't call it that, Rey. I don't like that word and it's inaccurate.” She rolls her eyes. Crosses her arms over her chest and he turns away from her and towards the fire ring where he starts to set up the stove. “ Whatever Kylo, just... why did you take my passport? Some of the things you've said make sense, but I can't wrap my head around that one.” That issue had been a thorn in her side since it happened. One that she just kept falling back on whenever she tried to justify dumping his grumpy ass by the side of the road like he probably well deserved. “Because,” he huffs under his breath when the pull tab on one of the cans breaks and he has to pry the rest of the lid off with the tines of a fork. “Because I was afraid that we'd get pulled over by a policeman and he'd want to see it.” She starts to uncover her tent from the layers of things it's buried under then pauses and lets his words sink in. Puts it back where it was and turns to face him. “Yeah, I know. That's kind of the whole point, Kylo. If someone wants to look at it, I will need to show it to them.” “But if you didn't have it? Like, if it had been lost or stolen?” “It had been stolen. By you.” She walks over to him, carrying an extra bottle of water in case he needs it. “That doesn't count. It was for your own good.” Rey freezes for a second. Then starts sputtering as she struggles to vocalize her sudden burst of indignation. He raises his free hand in surrender, the other stirring his alarming mixture in the pot. “You're a terrible liar, Rey. You should never, ever play poker because you'd probably end up losing every cent to your name.” She fights the urge to throw something at him. Partially because he's right, at least from her past disasters at gambling. But that's besides the issue. “And just what does that have to do with anything?” “If a policeman or whomever wanted to see your passport and you couldn't find it...” he pauses, looking up at her expectantly like he's waiting for her to figure it out for herself. Her fingers on the water bottle tighten and she frowns. Wishing he would stop talking in riddles for once. He sighs. “Then you could tell them that it's missing and you'd actually be convincing about it.” “Wouldn't... wouldn't I get in trouble for not having it?” He shrugs. Turns off the stove and straightens up to tower over her again. “They wouldn't like it. But, if it was just a local police, it would be out of their jurisdiction. They would tell you that you need to go to your embassy and get another one issued. It would buy you enough time to get out of there and figure out a plan.” As much as she hates to admit it, there's a good chance that he might actually be onto something with all that. “Oh. Well... fine.” He seems like he's trying not to smile at her somewhat embarrassed reaction, but a little lift to his mouth is peeking through. “So do you want some food?” Her eyes slide to the grey and green mass in the pot. ' Wan t' might be too strong of a verb, but it smells better than it looks at least. “You could have told me that earlier, you know. Instead you avoided it and made me think all these...” He raises an eyebrow and she debates whether to tell him all the conspiracy theories she'd been considering about him. But she finally decided to let it drop. Accept the rather unappetizing looking bowl of rice and green beans from him with a soft “thank you” and no further questioning. Wondering if he, in his odd, odd way, might actually have meant well. * Rey had insisted they get drunk again that night. Kylo had countered at getting somewhat inebriated and only if he gets to play bartender this time. Apparently, she had missed tequila. That delicious, faintly colored honey that was so spicy and sharp and refreshing. He made it better than she did, too. No doubt because he actually took the time to follow the recipe on the can of the strawberry margarita mix that she'd bought in town earlier. After all their fighting and revelations of the afternoon, both of them seemed more than willing to fly a white flag in the name of booze and take the rest of the night off from it all. When she'd gotten up on shaky legs to heed a call of nature, he'd even gentlemanly volunteered to guard her. Offered to stand with his back to her as she slinked into the far bushes at the edge of camp just in case any of those “dangerous” coyotes she'd pretended to be so afraid of earlier were around. She'd declined his offer resolutely. But still... it was kind of sweet. * By the time the sharpest edge of the alcohol buzz had worn off and Rey was starting to yawn the moon was near the apex of the sky. Kylo had offered to help her put up her tent. She'd thought about it for a little but then declined. Opting instead to sleep out under the stars on this warm and cloudless night. She'd done that before, after all. She'd assured him of that when he's started to fret and vocalize his concern. Explained to him that sometimes it was so nice to be able to stretch out and really enjoy the night. And, besides, he's here now. He can look after her if he's too worried. Maybe, just maybe, that was her best attempt at flirting. If she was completely sober, Rey would never have dreamed of doing that. And she definitely, absolutely would have never invited him to join her. He's been cooped up in a car for too long. That's how she justifies it. Rationalize encouraging to make his bedroll up next to hers so he can keep the wild animals or wandering perverts at bay. Oh. He'd said it so shyly. Clearly wanting to do nothing to upset the tentative balance they had exhausting sculpted their relationship into for the moment. But when she started to drag out her bedding and lay it down over the groundcloth, he immediately followed her with his own. * They're breathing in tandem. Or at least more or less so. Kylo's greater lung capacity taking a moment longer than hers to fill, but when she inhales and exhales he follows until they're almost perfectly synchronized. “Are you doing that on purpose?” she whispers. The night is quiet save for the very rare and remote hum of an engine on the road in the spread out valley below them. “Doing what?” he answers, voice as quiet as hers but with a lower reverberation that she can almost feel even though they're not actually touching. She turns over onto her back to look at him. He's staring up at the sky and his for once is so completely at peace. It makes her want to reach out. Run the tip of her finger along his profile and commit it to memory since he's just so kriffing unique in every way that she knows she'll never meet anyone like him again. And for a second that makes her sad because it reminds her that all good things must end. That at some point, surely not too long from now, she has to go back home. And he has to find whatever fate he has waiting for him. “Nothing,” is what she says instead. Then she rolls over all the way to face him. Curling her body up around herself and burying her hands below her pillow to keep them from wandering over the meridian. He says nothing. Stares up at the starry sky and occasionally moves his head a millimeter or two as she imagines he's tracing the constellations. He probably knows what all of them are, what with him being the smart, walking tour guide and encyclopedia that he is. Maybe next time she will ask. And she's starting to hope there will be another chance to sleep out with him under the stars like this. It's romantic. There's no other way to describe what they're doing. How she's feeling. But it's a childish and romantic and sweet and rare thing that they have, she thinks. A certain degree of morning dreaming and hormones running wild notwithstanding. “You can go to sleep, Rey. I'm here. I'll make certain no dangerous coyotes come and carry you away in the night.” She reaches out then and pinches his chest as punishment for his teasing. He gives an annoyed sniff. It makes her smile. Okay , so he's insane and actually certifiably proven so. Apparently there was paperwork to testify to that point. And he's also on the run and maybe it's the residual burn of alcohol in her veins but right now she's just too sleepy and affectionate to really care. “Rey?” “Yes?” “Go to sleep.” She realizes she'd still been staring at him. Neurotically and intensely like a schoolgirl with a crush. Which she isn't at all. Because she already graduated, thankyouverymuch . “Are you going to make me again?” she asks. He seems to think about it. Maybe really is thinking about it. His hand raises, hovering over her face. Not quite touching her skin but just almost lightly skimming it. Her breath catches. Then nothing. He's teasing her again. The bastard. Rather than tempting her luck, she moves onto her back again. Wriggles under the edge of her sleeping bag as the chill of the night starts to sink down. Then she watches the moon shift along the sky until she can't keep her eyes open anymore. She still can feel Kylo watching her, though. Never letting himself sleep until she falls under herself first, but of course she expected nothing less from him. Notes: *whew* made it to the half-way point now :) Chapter 10 : Sugar High Frame of Mind Summary: Where Rey and Kylo have the most awkward morning ever, Rey learns both another piece of the puzzle and something that's much better than a party game, and Kylo slips up and accidentally shows Rey too much. And no, that's not a euphemism, though that topic springs up too. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey wakes up to the best full-body massage of her life. Technically it was the first full-body massage of her life, but it was hard to imagine anything else ever topping this. Strong, warm hands working into every knot in her back. Sliding across her skin to dig deep into the tricky spots along her shoulder blades. Somehow he knows exactly how hard to press on her muscles to force them to relax against him but not to hurt. It was kind of amazing, really. Almost like he could read her mind. When he's done, when he's gotten every good spot on her back, he starts to work his way lower. Tracing his fingers in a ghost of a whisper along the curve of her buttocks. Irrationally, it makes her giggle. She doesn't know why she's giggling. She really should be upset about that, right? He's touching her butt . That's not supposed to be okay. But for some reason she's just not phased by it. And then when he drifts lower, cupping and dragging his hands along the backs of her thighs, she can't help but make a sweetly contented sigh. Best. Massage. Ever. He's making her legs feel like jelly. Those damn hands of his are so perfect for this. Warming her tired muscles with firm, broad strokes before kneading and stroking. Working his way up from the ticklish backs of her knees higher and higher along her legs until she sighs again. Turn around. He whispers it so softly she doesn't even hear it outside of her head. But she does. Feeling him shift aside just barely enough for her to shift first onto her shoulder then onto her back. Only when she realizes he's wearing as little as she is does her heart start to race. Starts to race so fast it kicks her right out of her dream. * Rey wakes up again. This time she actually wakes up. Wakes to the pale pastels of dawn breaking through the deeper, dark ocean of the departing night sky. The wind had picked up during the night and had scattered a few fallen cottonwood leaves over her. Over them. Kylo was right next to her still. As in right, right next to her. Somehow, during the progression of the night, he'd worked his way out of the composition of blankets and sheets that they'd made into his unofficial bedroll. Which normally would have left him slightly chilled if it weren't for him inexplicably finding his way half into her sleeping bag. Wait... Maybe she was the one halfway out. Or he was halfway in. The specifics don't actually matter much because, regardless of how it happened, they were spooned together tightly now. He wasn't quite embracing her, but one of his massive hands was resting on her shoulder and his face was buried in her loose hair. She never wears her hair loose, even at night. Always keeps it in a braid so it doesn't get too tangled. It's weird, but it's not nearly as uncomfortable as she had expected. No one's ever touched her this much or for this long. Thanks the gods that he's not moving so at least she can completely disregard the dream. Completely. Rey tries to turn over and look at him but his head is pinning her in place through its weight on her hair. She can't see him, but she can hear him breathing. Slow and steady and spaced. Judging by that and the slackness in the arm partially over her, he's still deeply asleep. Which makes the physical proof of him being a rather healthy young man all the more awkward because she can't even get fully angry at him for it pressing against her lower back. Rey swallows, mouth suddenly dry as a cottonball. She shouldn't know for sure that's what it is. She's a virgin for godssake. But some deep, primitive part of her is reassuring her that she's not imagining things. No cheesy “is that a gun in your pocket or-” jokes needed here. Every Cosmo article she's ever read about morning wood flashes through her mind. It's just... supposed to go away on its own, right? Like, the guy wakes up, and -poof- problem disappears. Maybe? At that moment she can't remember a single word that the articles had said. Not when Kylo's breath changes in a nearly imperceptible way and she feels a sudden wave of sleepiness wash over her, pulling her down with him into unconsciousness. She closes her eyes for a second and sees him over her. The back of his pretty black head kissing its way up her calves to her tightly pressed together knees. His breath is tickling her skin and they're both bare or nearly there. As strange as she feels watching herself like that, she can't help the urge to try to make the mental camera pan out further so she can see more of him instead. And Rey's eyes shoot open again, jerked out of her light slumber by her natural mortification to what was happening in her head. Now the sky is a little bit brighter. The air is still has a faint touch of chill but her cheeks are so absolutely on fire with embarrassment that she doesn't register anything else. There's no choice. She has to get some distance and compose herself. Can't risk him seeing her like this with a flushed-red face and wobbly legs. She tries to get up carefully. Somehow extract herself from her bag and his weight on her by sliding laterally. Easing away from him like the tide going out. But, as soon as she feels the first sliver of distance between them, the hand on her shoulder tightens. Draws her back in snug against him. The sleep-filled huff of breath at her neck as he wriggles her closer into his dreaming state. Oh yes, it's still there, too. Pressing against her back with a firm insistence. But... it was supposed to go away , right? Cosmo wouldn't lie to her, right? Except, if anything, it feels even mor- No. Train of thought derailed. Thoughts about size obliterated. It's not his fault. These things apparently are just the XY-chromosome carrier's cross to bear, but this is so totally her que to get out of here before things become even more embarrassing. She pushes away harder then. Tries to wriggle her way out from under his arm but he only holds on tighter in his sleep. Pressing against her again. By the time she wriggles free and separates from him she's pretty sure her cheeks might actually be glowing with embarrassment. “Rey?” he asks, voice hoarse from his sudden waking to the abruptness of her departure. She can't bring herself to look at him. But she can fake a chipper voice. “Rise and shine time!” she sings, hurrying to slip on her shoes and get out of arms reach in case the horny behemoth behind her gets any ideas of finishing his dream. “Um, okay.” It's hardly the most elegant thing he's ever said. But it fits given the situation. She hears him start to get up. Then he rapidly sinks back down. “You... you going to go get cleaned up first?” he asks, voice at a slightly higher octave than his normal baritone. “Yep. Sure am.” She flees. Oh how she flees. All but runs the short distance to her car to grab her toothbrush and some wet wipes and a bottle of water. Tries to make her exodus seem jaunty. Oh no, she's not freaked out over the boner that was pressed into her back. No, no. She didn't even notice that. Because if she did it would make things all kinds of awkward. No. Not at all. She's just a morning person. Geared up high and ready to start her day. That's why she flew out of her sleeping bag like a bat out of hell. By the time she's haphazardly shoved everything into a flimsy grocery bag labeled “thanks to you!”, Kylo is sitting upright. His weight is propped up on his elbows and he's bunched his bedding up over his midsection in a way that would totally have looked convincing if the situation were different and she didn't know any better. Rey can't hurry away fast enough. Darting off into the far bushes, the ones that are a good 3 minute dash across the road and down the hill from their camp. Once she's safely hidden out of view she buries her face in her hands and tries to repress every memory straight out of her mind. Then she takes the longest time she can to get changed and ready for the day. When she gets back, though, Kylo isn't there. Which is very unusual for him because usually he clings to her like a persistent shadow fighting against the noon sun. Oh. He woke up happy to see her and now he's been gone for a while. Gods woman, put two and two together. She still can't stop herself from blushing fifty shades of red, though. * Rey is absolutely terrible at meditation. This comes as no surprise to her at all. Not that she'd ever tried before, the idea of sitting in quiet contemplation sounding too much like a timeout punishment for a small child. But she's still disappointed when meditating turns out to be every bit as dull as she'd always assumed it would be. “Just try to breathe,” he tells her. “Focus on inhaling and exhaling. Try not to think about anything else.” Kylo is pretty terrible at teaching her to meditate, as well. He seems to be more familiar with the practice, but little to no more interested than she is. She can almost feel the heady waves of tediousness he's trying to repress for her benefit. “Yes, exactly like that.” His response makes her open her eyes are stare at him with raised brows. “Exactly like what?” she asks. Fidgeting and missing the air conditioned sanctuary of their car. Correction. Of h er car. “Think about what you're feeling from me. Focus on that and... Rey, your eyes are open again, aren't they?” She immediately squeezes hers shut. “No.” He sighs. She can hear the soft sound of his clothes rustling as he moves closer to her and she has to fight the impulse to look at what he's doing. “Can you feel me? I can feel you.” Rey's mouth twists as his choice of words reminds her of her dream. But the nanosecond she starts to go back to exactly how she woke up she shoves the thought away. If he can really has the 'abilities' that he claims he does, she needs to be very careful to keep her dirty mind clean. At least for a few minutes at a time. She can manage that. “Rey? Your thoughts are a tangled mess. Why don't you try and calm it down and focus?” Despite every protestation of her will, she can't help but flash back to their hotel room when she walked out and Kylo was watching porn. “Rey!” Her eyes snap open. He's staring at her with an expression of disapproval blended with embarrassment and swirled into a stracciatella of bashfulness. “Sorry,” she mumbles. Pressing her lips into a tight line and staring at the ground. Trying to clear her mind from the raunchy path it seems bound and determined to follow today. 'Bound'. Godsdamnit. Now that just reminds her of her dream again . “Is it safe to go in?” Kylo asks, discomfort obvious by the blush seen on every visible part of his skin. She nods. Randomly thinks of leaves. Pretty falling leaves. Nothing inappropriate about that. Then she feels the tiniest of sensations. Like a featherlight little poke along the inside of her cranium. It's so faint that she wouldn't have noticed it if he hadn't walked her through the experience exactly as he was doing it. “Where are these from, Kylo?” she asks, testing him. The pressure shifting like water through her fingers but she hasn't lost her grasp on it yet. He doesn't answer immediately, and the feeling washes into her more strongly. “By the river?” he says. “Those cottonwood trees by the river where we camped a few days ago?” She breaks out into a grin. Her excitement making her lose her focus on him, but she keeps her eyes closed. When Kylo had first explained that he can do this thing that he's doing now, she'd brushed it off as a clever party trick. Decided that somehow he was reading her body language or picking up on some tiny nuanced clue that she was unwittingly giving away. They'd even done the classic “okay, so what number am I thinking about now?” game and she had still tried to explain it logically. Maybe her facial expression had read “one” or “forty-six” somehow? But now she is absolutely positive that he's able to read her mind like he claimed he could. There's just no amount of microscopic muscular fluttering or whatever else that could give away that she'd been thinking about that particular place they'd slept at. “That's amazing. Incredible.” “It's not, Rey. It really isn't.” “Yes, it is!” she insists. “There's nobody else that-” He waves her back down. She had opened her eyes and was leaning toward him instead of concentrating on what he'd been trying to teach her. So she settles back. Tries to clear her thoughts. Which is nearly impossible when there's so much to think about. Maybe he's like a magician? She's seen magic shows before and the best of them leave you believing even if on some level you still really don't. Or maybe she's finally gone insane. Wouldn't rule that one out either. Maybe she took some peyote without realizing it and this whole thing was just her tripping monkey balls? Kylo had told her very matter of factly that this ability is simply something he can do. He claimed it ran in his family and his mother has it as well. That's what made her such a good politician, he'd explained. She could always stay one step ahead of her opponents. That last thought resonates with Rey for a moment. And, in an instant, an image pops into her head. It's of a woman getting ready in front of a vanity mirror. She's beautiful, and in some ways she looks like Kylo, but she's much too young to be his mother. Kylo clears his throat. Breaking the image and she peaks at him through half-lidded eyes. He seems slightly annoyed, and it occurs to her that he must not have intended for her to see that. Just that her thoughts had lead to his thoughts which lead to there. “Shall we try this again?” he asks. Shifting into a more comfortable position. They'd been at this for most of the morning and progress had been incremental but steady. Now it's starting to get miserably hot again and both their butts are getting numb and the funny thing is that she knows that last part as a fact. She can't stop her smile at all and she doesn't try. Feeling so elated by the fact that apparently she can do it too that. Okay. She thinks it, and he picks up on that. The sensation of weightiness coming back into her head. “Alright. Try again.” That's all he says, but she feels the hot air shift as he moves closer to her. She lets him take her hand with his own and the physical contact immediately magnifies what's happening in her head. It makes her so familiarly dizzy at first, but then she gets a grip on it. He's being very gentle and slow this time. He's just there . In her head. Not trying to do anything to her. “It's my turn now. I'm going to think about something and you try and tell me what it is,” he tells her. Alright then. That seems achievable. She can feel herself doing it. Reaching out without reaching out. Sensing Kylo with none of her five senses but knowing will all certainty that he's right there. It's dark. Nighttime. She sees Kylo stretched out in the passenger's seat. Or at least as stretched out as a big a guy like he is can manage. And he's watching her sleep. She's curled up in her bag, with her knees tucked into her chest despite the confinement. The moon is shining on her face and she looks so beautiful. It's his thought, not hers. That almost makes her want to pull back and her heart rate increases, matching with Kylo's as he becomes flustered at her uneven response. Apparently he'd meant it as a compliment, but when she had started to squirm he'd gotten self conscious. Before he can pull back, Rey relaxes. Tries to send to him an impulse of “forget about it” but she's not sure if he receives the transmission or not. This time, when she reaches into him, his mind is blank. Well, it's not exactly blank. She can sense certain emotions, feel the sweat running down his back and the ache in his knees from so much sitting. It almost feels like he's intentionally making this harder for her. As if he wants to show her how to do this when it's not so easy. As soon as she has that thought, a feeling of pride fills her. Yes, that's exactly what he intended, and he's as pleased as she is that she sensed that. So she pushes a little harder. He'd given her no sense of direction on this part, but it's coming surprisingly instinctively. Several impulses catch her attention. She reaches for the closest one, which turns out to be an image of Kylo looking over the map and thinking about their route. He'd wanted to make that one easy for her to read, but it's also kind of boring so she quickly moves on. It's taking more effort the longer she does it, and she can feel Kylo start to get a little more uncomfortable the deeper she goes. Then she touches something different. Whatever it is, he really doesn't want her to look at it. So of course she's intrigued. Sends a misleading thought to Kylo to distract him about how she wants to take a break from this soon. Even throws out a line about how she's getting hungry and he immediately takes the bait and starts thinking about what they could have for lunch before they drive off away from here. Distraction successful, Rey dives in deeper. And actually, now that she knows what to look for, there's a whole lot of things that he's absolutely besides himself with trying to keep away from her. The sheer amount of will behind that impulse is staggering. Sure, she has tons of private thoughts and memories she'd rather stay private, but nothing that she feels so strongly about keeping hidden as he does. Almost without meaning to, she touches on one of them. An image of the man she now knows is his father springs into her mind, immediately followed by a torrent of nearly every emotion imaginable. There are so many it's dizzying and she struggles to pull herself away from it all. Anger and guilt. Those are the main things two that comprise the storm of feeling, and therefore they're the easiest to pick out. As soon as she recognizes them they get torn away from her so roughly that she cries out. Collapsing forward and gripping her skull from the sudden splitting headache that she's left with. It takes her a few long moments of deep breathing before she can open her eyes. Kylo is holding her up partially, gripping her wrists in his hands. She must have collapsed forward into him, but this time he's not staring at her with that concerned frown that he usually does after she has an episode. Instead, he looks angry. Glaring down at her as he holds her, but the second that fear starts to enter her mind his face immediately softens. “Are you alright?” he asks, offering no explanation. He rubs her wrists in apology until she pulls them away and pushes back onto her heels. He stands up then, absolutely towering over her and she swallows but accepts his hand helping her up. She starts to take a step toward her car but he doesn't let go. “Rey.” He sighs, holding her hand and she stares down at it then back up to him. Now he looks concerned. Worried, even. His thumb rubs against her and she feels that impression in her head again. This time it's more of a pinch and she frowns. And then it's over just like that. He seems very relieved. Satisfied by whatever he found or didn't find. “Maybe that's enough of that for now,” she says, suddenly finding eye-contact much too personal. Kylo starts to say something then stops himself. She lets it go this time, though. Feeling torn between wanting to keep going with what he was teaching her and wanting some more space between the two of them. The second part is what wins out, and they both turn to clean up their campsite without another word. * Neither one of them were in a rush to get back to the main road. In those rare moments that her GPS could find its signal, it had said that the dusty and twisting gravel road they were on would eventually lead back to the highway that they'd been on yesterday. The area they are in right now isn't the best, but its okay and very private. Rolling hills and rocks baked under the sun. Not a single other car has passed all day which would be fine if Kylo hadn't gone back to being mostly silent. Despite this, Rey was curious about what was behind every curve and hill on the horizon, so she makes the decision that they were going to spend another night in the area. Her companion had nodded his assent but made no further comment. Okay, that's good enough for her. Nowhere to go and all day to get there . That's basically been the theme song for her whole trip, so why change things now? * Fortunately, the evening goes much better. She'd found a spot high up on a vista but she was afraid it was going to be too windy to camp. When she'd gotten out of her car, though, it actually wasn't too bad even though cirrus clouds were high up in the sky. They usual mean that rain isn't too far away behind them, so she'd set up her tent in the shadow of an overhanging rocky spire. Kylo had been reluctant to help her at first. Suggesting that instead they sleep in the car again together. He'd argued that it would prevent them from having all this soaking equipment to deal with the next day, but she had a feeling there was more to it than that. She needed a little distance from him, though. Just too much closeness too soon. And all this sleeping together and its unwanted side-effects was starting to get out of hand. He had helped, in the end. Once he saw that she'd made up her mind and she was struggling to lay out the tarps against the breeze. Neither one of them had felt like cooking, so dinner was cold sandwiches done “Mexican-style”. Which basically just meant baked beans on bread and sprinkled with a Fiesta Taco spice packet. Conversation between them was still a little strained. There was so much she could say and ask, but it seemed like every time she did, it always found a way to not work out so well. So, that night before she goes to sleep, she convinces Kylo to watch some TV with her. She didn't have many shows on her phone, and he had neither heard of them or expressed much enthusiasm. However, after a little nudging, she'd persuaded him to give an old British sitcom from the 70s a try. It was set in a London department store and was one of her favorites. Kylo had also seemed to get into it after a while. Even laughing a few times under his breath at some of the rowdier jokes. They could get a way with a lot more back then, that was for sure. Of course with the screen on her phone being exceptionally small, they'd had to cuddle up a bit. But this time neither one of them seemed to mind that too much. * Rey can't sleep. It's not that she's uncomfortable, because her bed is fine and her tent is basically her new home. But she can't stop fidgeting and relax enough for it to happen. She's tried sleeping on her left side, then her back, then right side, then her left side again. The pillow is too hot so she flips it over. Then she's too hot so she unzips her bag. Tossing and turning. Tossing and turning. The root of the problem is obvious. All the closeness of the last two days is starting to get to her. Making her too frustrated to risk sleeping and dreaming. Afraid to force herself to stay awake and be a zombie tomorrow, but also not wanting to keep fighting the urge to doze off and let her imagination run where it may. It's only the third night. Well, technically, it's her and Kylo's one week anniversary together. Seven days in that man's company, oh kriff. It feels like it's been both months and the blink of an eye. But, what it really is, is the third night that she's felt like this. First in the cheap hotel when she'd blamed it on the porn he'd been watching. Then that morning when she'd woken up from a sweet dream to a hard situation. Before these last few days, any amount of natural desire in her had taken a backseat to dealing with all the crazy-person drama. But recently, it had been starting to simmer back up. And clearly it hadn't been one-sided either. So what does it say about her that she's secretly hoping the passionate dreams will hit three for three? Kylo doesn't know. He insists he didn't do it on purpose the first time, and he must not have known about this latest incident or he'd have behaved even more awkwardly than his regular weirdo self. So what he doesn't know won't hurt her, right? It's so tempting. Perfectly normal and so tempting. A quick release of tension. Done and done. No harm, no foul. She can be very quick with it. She will be very quick, no doubt. With as amped up as she's feeling at the moment. Her hand starts to creep into the waistband of her loose cotton sleeping pants. Dips along the scalloped edge of her panties as she debates whether she should actually do this. But why not? She's pretty damn sure that Kylo... well, he came back with a spring in his step that morning. No further details. Her fingers move. Dipping in under the last layer of fabric while she wriggles her hips into a comfortable position. She hasn't done this once in that whole week. Since hitting puberty, she can't remember ever going this long without it. No wonder she's just about climbing the walls. The first featherlight touch against herself feels so kriffing delicious that she squeaks. “Rey?” Kylo's voice comes from outside her tent. She freezes in place. Each muscle locked and her eyes bugging out in mortification. “Rey?” he calls again. “Did I wake you?” Her hand flies off from her skin like they were scalding to it. Which they almost were, but that was kind of the point so just forget that. “Um, no. I...” she doesn't know what else to say. But why is he here, anyhow? “Is anything wrong?” she asks quickly, forcing herself into sitting upright and speaking to him through the thin PU Ultralight polyester wall between them. He doesn't immediately answer and for a moment she wonders what exactly he's doing out there. Then she sees his shadow kneel outside her tent. He starts to unzip the entrance and she scoots up to the edge and far corner. Doing a quick check on herself to make sue that everything's covered and there's nothing condemning about her appearance. It's almost the full moon and she can see him surprisingly well when he crouches there, half in and half out. He's staring at her and his expression is muddied by the darkness. “Kylo?” she asks, voice as wispy as the thin night air. “I can't sleep, Rey.” She blinks, connecting the dots of his statement to why he's here now. “And you can't because I'm still awake.” She says it simply. Relieved at finally being able to understand at least this part of him now that she's seen it for herself. “Yeah, something like... You've been up for a while and I'm tired, so...” Kylo's awkward response makes her feel guilty. But it's also his own damn choice to do this. That's probably why she always wakes up first and has to deal with his... situation. Because the nutcase is too tired after a night spent staying up and watching her. When she doesn't answer, Kylo sighs. Nods his head in the dark and starts to stand back up. He clearly wanted something and she has a pretty good idea at what it was. “Well... goodnight, Rey.” He pushes away and makes to step back when she reaches out and catches the sleeve of his hoodie. “Kylo? Do you... would you like to stay here? With me?” Her voice sound ridiculously squeaky and high pitched. It's an embarrassing sound to her own ears, but that doesn't seem to dissuade him one bit. He stares at her and she thinks about reaching out and skimming his mind to see what he's thinking. If she's even able to do that without him there guiding her into place. “Are you sure?” he asks eventually, making no move either forward or backwards away from her. She swallows, well aware just how closely she's toeing the line. Especially considering what she had been about to do before he interrupted her. “Um, yeah. You'll be more comfortable. You can spread out here and... it's only fair. I always get to sleep in here, so...” He looks around her tent. Her small, compact, one-person tent. “I'll get my bedding.” * Her tent is a tight fit with both of them in it. Kylo is enormous. She's thought that before, but it's never been more obvious than when he first settles in next to her. She'd pressed herself to the far wall in a valiant attempt at keeping an element of personal space, but he'd somehow taken up well more than half of the ground area. It didn't help that she had decided to sleep on her back and not one of her sides. Sleeping facing him would never work if she wasn't drunk. She knew that she would look at him and think “what the hell am I doing?” literally every single time she opens her eyes. Sleeping with her back to him wasn't an option either. Apparently one of them, and she's not naming names or pointing fingers, but one of them was a bit of a stealth spooner. And the very last thing she needs when she's feeling frustrated as hell would be a repeat of his morning routine pressed against her. On her back it is, then. Kylo is on his side, facing her. It really was the only way he'd fit. She'd joked that she's going to need to buy a bigger tent if he keeps this up and he'd responded so emphatically yes that it had made her doubt herself again. She's starting to feel like she's stringing the poor lonely, awkward boy along. Definitely needs to be more careful in the future. Starting tomorrow. His eyes are on her now. She closes her own but she can still feel him. Tentatively, she reaches out with her mind. He exhales warmly and lets his breath fan across the side of her face. She sees herself there, silhouetted in shadows through his mind's eye. And the way he's looking at her right then makes her feel so pretty that she has no choice but to pretend she's falling asleep to break the moment that was starting to build. Notes: Getting there with the romance. Rey is starting to get a serious crush but there's just so many red flags getting in the way. Not a lot of plot going on in this chapter but we got to see Rey playing around with her powers. And why is writing about Kylo Ren's boner just SO much damn fun? Sorry Rey, there's no telling when one of those damn things will pop up next in this fic, lol Yinnyhow, in 2 weeks I'm going to be going on hiatus for a while, but I'll try to get one more chapter in before I go. It may just be an off-plot fluff chapter, but those are hopefully fun too :) Notes: This story is VERY loosely based on the movie 'The Hitcher'. I didn't want to mention this at the top because it's not going to be a psycho-fueled gorefest like the movie (I guess I'd classify this fic under something like “obsessive romance”). But they both share the same desert venue and a cautionary tale of why you really, really shouldn't pick up weird looking hitchhikers. Especially in New Mexico. Even if they look like Kylo Ren.