34 ABY Mitaka is sweating more than usual. He cringes in front of Kylo, clasping his cap in white-knuckled hands and turning it around and around as if shaping a pie crust. “He wouldn’t receive our delegation, sir.” He gulps and turns his face towards Hux. “Ss… sirs.” “That’s absurd,” Hux remarks from his position behind the desk. “Why should he allow them to land only to refuse to enter into negotiations?” “He’s toying with us,” Kylo says, turning with a twirl of his heavy robes. “He says—” Mitaka continues, but Kylo cuts across him. “—I’ll go down and teach him what it means to challenge the First Order.” Kylo clenches his fist, the leather of his glove creaking. Hux raises a staying hand and Kylo scowls beneath his mask at the arrogance of the gesture. “Go on, Lieutenant – what does he say?” “He demands to speak to the general personally. He says he will negotiate with no-one else.” “Out of the question,” Hux snaps, rising to his feet. “I’m not sharing an atmosphere with that jumped-up little shit.” “Is that your return message, sir?” “Yes. No!” Hux sighs and massages the bridge of his nose, looking put-upon. “I need to think. Mitaka you’re dismissed. Hold off on a return message.” Mitaka clicks his heels and places his now deformed hat back on his head, then turns and makes his exit, leaving Kylo and Hux alone in the latter’s office. Kylo turns and says accusingly: “You told me this man was an ally.” Hux’s ears have pinked noticeably. “I most certainly did not! I said he might be amenable to working with us, for the right price.” Behind the mask, Kylo narrows his eyes and tries to get a read on Hux’s uppermost thoughts, but they are too fast-paced and agitated for him to glean much information. “How exactly do you know this person?” “I went to school with him. Briefly.” “Then he must be sympathetic to the cause. Unless... he’s not one of those poor bastards you tortured, is he – you and your pack of wolves?” “I’ve never tortured anyone. Not personally. And no, Looker Storno is no-one’s victim: he’s a very cunning and dangerous man.” “So you think it’s a trap that he wants you to go down and speak to him? You think he means you harm?” Hux makes a frustrated noise. “Not a trap, exactly. He will most certainly have his own agenda – or, more likely, several.” “Do you know what his agendas are?” Hux looks away, a flicker of annoyance and perhaps shame crossing his face. “Not precisely, no. He’s… unpredictable.” Kylo sighs, static hissing from his mask. “I’ll go down and kill him.” “What good would that do? We need his information as much as his assets.” “I’ll break his mind.” Hux raises his chin, looking smug and unassailable again. “You don’t even know what you’re looking for.” “Do you ?” Hux sniffs, clasping his hands behind his back. “I have some leads.” “Like what?” “Never mind that. Now feel free to be off about your duties, Ren.” “The Supreme Leader made it clear that I was to make it my priority to assist you in this project.” Hux lets out a sharp bark of laughter. “Yes he did, didn’t he? And yet that you should choose today of all days to start finally following that order is remarkable . Where was this team spirit when we were on that bloody endless tour of the Core?” “I helped. I stopped that rodian from assassinating you on Ganthel.” “I’m never going to hear the end of that, am I? You’ll be dining out on ‘I saved you from the assassin’ for years.” “If you’re going down to that planet you’ll need a bodyguard.” “I’m not going down to that planet. Besides, if I were to go I could easily arrange an escort of troopers.” “No. Troopers can’t read an enemy’s intentions and know where traps or concealed threats are.” “I do find it irksome when you’re clingy. Now, I have to make some very important communications so go away and we’ll regroup later.” “No.” Ren lowers himself into a chair, stretching out his legs and crossing his feet at the ankles to make it clear that he has no intention of leaving. “I have a right to be a party to all information pertaining to this mission.” “Ren!” Hux puts his gloved fingertips to the space between his eyes and rubs in a soothing motion. “Well,” he sighs, “there’s no use trying to reason with you — I see you’ve dug your heels in like the stubborn happabore you are.” He leans over his desk and taps the console, bringing up the comm function and starting to enter the security codes. “I warn you — If you interrupt me there will be grave consequences.” Ren folds his arms, smirking to himself behind the mask. “Like what?” Hux glances up sharply, blue-white light and columns of backwards numbers scrolling across his face. “Don’t force me to get creative, Ren.” *~*~* 17 ABY Hux throws himself over the side of the bunk and lands squarely inside his unfastened boots. He gropes for his jacket on the hook on the wall, squeezing his eyes closed against the strobing emergency lights as the dull honking of the alarm reverberates around the inside of his skull. It is only as they shuffle into the bitter cold of the night air beyond the retracted security doors that Hux comes to full consciousness, shivering as the wind whips against his thighs, which are poorly protected by the thin sleeping pants. As he stands shoulder to shoulder with his dorm-mates, Hux watches as Yungkai buries his face in his hands and groans pitifully. Trulaw yawns and leans his head against Saff’s shoulder. They all snap to attention as Commandant Prell walks up and down the orderly rows, checking off each cadet against the list on his datapad. “Better,” he says curtly. “But if this was a real Class III conflagration you would all be dead.” “If only,” Trulaw mutters. “Given recent events,” the commandant continues, “I would have thought you’d all show a bit more urgency.” The cadets are stony-faced, their eyes unfocused in an expression that is neither agreement nor challenge. In the distance, Hux can see a white light moving in the night sky. It streaks out, long-tailed, so at first Hux takes it for a comet. Then it begins to flash, hovering in the dusty air, and he realises it is a shuttle. He nudges Knight with a sharp elbow and gestures with a significant roll of his eyes. “What is that?” he whispers. Knight blinks, squinting his eyes against the dust. “Resupply?” “That’s not in the schedule.” Knight shrugs, unconcerned. Hux continues to stare; a flash of something – intuition, perhaps – making him wonder. *~*~* 34 ABY “Listen,” the hologram of Trulaw says, “I’m very flattered you still think me capable of setting a honey trap after all these years but Storno never liked me.” He is sitting up in what must be his bed and squinting against the light generated by the corresponding hologram of Hux hovering above the hand-held communicator. “Yes he did,” Hux snaps. “You have a terrible memory.” “It was Berkal he liked.” “He didn’t like Berkal – don’t be absurd.” “I don’t mean sexually – who even knows with Storno? I suppose we were all animals in a zoo to him – he just liked to come along and rattle the cage.” “Didn’t you have an affair with Storno’s cousin? Roy... Rav... something?” “Rove. Turns out that wasn’t his cousin.” “Who was he then?” “Stars above, who knows? Coggers all look alike to me with their vitamin deficiencies and bad haircuts. Anyway, the little bastard made off with my favourite scarf. It was green and yellow — didn’t do a thing for his sallow complexion.” Hux tilts his head back and lets out a long sigh. “Trulaw, for once in your selfish life can’t you think of some useful information?” “Hux, it seems like what you want is some kind of magic word or phrase that will make Storno roll over and play nice with you. There’s no such information in the entire galaxy. If you’re going to have dealings with him you have to be prepared to buckle in. He’ll have some diverting little interlude written out for you to play a part in, so you might as well be a sport about it.” “What kind of interlude ?” “No idea, old boy.” Trulaw sighs and rubs one eye. “I haven’t talked to Storno in months.” “ Months ?” “I told you we weren’t close.” “No, I mean what business do you have talking to him at all? He’s a fugitive from at least ten star systems.” “Oh yes, and we none of us have ever done anything off the books.” Another voice, off-camera, interrupts the conversation: “Turn that off.” Trulaw turns his head, stifling a yawn. “Just a minute, darling. The general has some kind of dilemma.” Hux stands bolt upright, a hand disordering his glossy hair. “There’s someone listening in to this conversation?” “Oh calm down — it’s only Cord. He has plenty of security clearance in your wretched organization.” “Why the hell are you sleeping with Cord?” “Believe me, I’ve been asking myself that question all week.” Kylo hears a low chuckle and a large, dark-skinned hand curls around Trulaw’s bare shoulder, a fingertip tracing the groove of his collarbone. “ You know why .” Trulaw turns his head to give the person off-camera a dazzling smile. “Doesn’t Major Cord have a job to do?” Hux demands, a tuft of hair sticking up on the top of his head like the crest of an exotic bird. Kylo longs to smooth it down. Cord’s voice, muffled: “I have leave.” “Anyway,” Trulaw continues brightly, “so how are you — apart from the Storno thing? How’s Kylo? When am I getting my invitation to the wedding?” “This is not a social call, Trulaw. If you don’t have any useful information I’m going to cut this short.” Trulaw rolls his large, mournful eyes. “Oh yes, it’s oh-three-hundred here in Coronet City but I’m the one wasting your time. A delight as always, Hux.” Hux shuts off the transmission. He finally flattens down his hair and glances over at Kylo, a sullen expression on his face. “I suppose you found that highly entertaining.” “I didn’t know we were getting married." Kylo tilts his head to one side. "Were you planning on telling me about it?” Hux twists his lip in an expression of disdain. “I’m not in the mood for your stunted attempts at humour, Ren.” “You’re going down to that planet,” he says, not a question — just a statement of what Hux is thinking as his stomach tightens with apprehension. “I’m going with you,” Kylo adds, a grim resolution of his own. *~*~* 17 ABY Hux looks up from his work as he hears a commotion near the door – Knight is striding down the central aisle of the study hall, followed closely by Cord. A younger cadet finds himself shoved aside; ricocheting off the door frame and careening into a group of his peers when he makes the mistake of getting in Cord’s inexorable way. They are followed at a distance by Trulaw, who saunters in with his hands in his pockets, affecting a sort of drowsy disinterest in the proceedings. A sharp hipbone digs into Hux’s side as Knight slides along the hard surface of the durasteel bench next to him. The second-year cadets working at the next table over immediately snap closed their datapad covers, taking off like a flock of startled birds. Cord sits backwards on the vacant bench and Trulaw hops up to sit on the table, his knee pressed against Cord’s right shoulder. “So he’s called Looker Storno—” Knight begins. “But he’s not , regretfully,” Trulaw breaks in. “A looker, that is.” “What the hell kind of name is that?” Hux demands, frowning. Knight shrugs. “He’s Map Corps.” “Map Corps all went native or bugfuck crazy – everyone knows that.” Hux glares at Knight and Trulaw in turn, as if daring them to contradict him with the fact of this inexplicable human being. “If they even existed, none of them ever came corewards again.” “I’m just telling you what they’re saying,” Knight persists. “If you ask me,” Hux says haughtily, “this idiot – whoever he is – took an opportunity to invent himself a glamorous backstory. He’s probably just some son of a lowly engineer.” Knight’s shoulder twitches against his and Hux slides away in distaste, breaking the contact. “Does he look like a cogger?” Trulaw throws his hands up. “What does a cogger look like, pray tell? He’s got a disgusting rat’s nest of hair and a gold tooth,” he taps his left incisor. “Stars,” says Hux, sitting back with a sigh. “This place really is going to the dogs.” “And he’s fat,” Cord adds. “Fat?” Hux looks at Cord as if he has told him that the newcomer has three eyes or a vestigial tail. Trulaw nods and raises an enigmatic eyebrow. “What—” Hux begins, before a murmur from the upper part of the room distracts him. Berkal is standing in the doorway, holding up traffic. A group of younger students have surrounded him, watching him with growing uncertainty and impatience; some clearly wanting to push past him, but not courageous enough to be the first to do so. Berkal has his toes to the line where the dark grey flooring of the hallway ends and the lighter tiles of the study hall begin. He is staring down at his feet, his fingers twitching faintly around the edges of his datapad and lips moving. “He’s doing it again,” Knight says. “Should we go and get him?” “No,” Hux sighs with exasperation, “if you interrupt him he’ll just have to start all over again. Leave him. Where are Saff and Yungkai?” “Remedial Basic,” Trulaw replies. Hux makes a sucking sound between his teeth. “How did that happen? Trulaw, I thought you were doing their homework.” “I was!” Trulaw protests. “Folohn moved me so they couldn’t copy my work in class.” “Unacceptable – I need them for recon. Who knows what Folohn wants?” “A fucking smack in the face,” Cord says, unhelpfully. “Berkal?” Hux demands when Est finally drifts over. Berkal remains standing, frowning as he taps something into his datapad, then looks up at Hux with his vague, wandering eyes. “Yes?” “What do you know about Folohn – he likes you, doesn’t he?” “Yes. He lent me some datacards – novels, you know?” “What’s his deal, is he a pervert?” “I don’t think so. He’s never tried to touch me.” “Does he drink?” “Not that I’ve noticed.” “What do you talk about with him?” “Books. Fantasy, you know – imaginary worlds and timelines and stuff. Sometimes he asks me about my brother. He had a wife that died.” “Alright,” Hux nods, files this information away. “Can you get him to lay off Yungkai and Saff? Tell him you’re tutoring them. That it’s helping with your grief or something.” “Ok,” Berkal agrees. “What do you want us to do about the new guy?” asks Knight. “Nothing, for now. What dorm is he in?” “Five.” “Good. Trulaw are you still fucking Treadaway?” Trulaw makes a face. “Please, I was never fucking him. He wishes.” “Well keep him sweet, somehow. Make sure he wants to confide in us.” Hux consults his wrist-chrono. “Let’s cut this short – I have to go and meet Wivenhoe.” Trulaw rolls his eyes. “Why are you still wasting your time with that ghastly scarecrow?” Cord laughs, chewing idly at a thumbnail. “He does look like a scarecrow.” “He’s a damn sight better than Riggs,” Knight remarks, leaping to Hux’s defence unasked. Trulaw snorts. “So’s my left arse-cheek.” Hux gives him a cold, reproachful look. “He might be useful. Don’t get yourself – or me – on the wrong side of him. I mean it Trulaw – I won’t tell you again.” “I’m only saying, old boy – he’s not quite the thing.” Knight wrinkles his brow. “What does that mean?” “It means he’s a sketchy motherfucker,” Cord translates. “I didn’t say that,” Trulaw objects. “But I know his type.” “Oh frakk off back to the Core, Trulaw. You don’t know anything about the real Imperials.” Hux stands up, tucking his datapad under his arm. “I’ll see you all at dinner.” “Well don’t be late,” Trulaw calls after him. “It’s flavourless nutriloaf night.” *~*~* 34 ABY Kylo takes his seat next to Hux in the transporter, glancing back at where the stormtroopers sit like congregants in their orderly, silent rows. Hux is jabbing angrily at his datapad, distracting himself from his growing sense of unease by micromanaging an overhaul of the missile emplacements. His eyebrows are drawn down and his mouth tightens at the sound of the bay doors clanging shut and the whir as the shuttle begins to lift. Kylo can feel his desire for a cigarra — a keen, almost painful longing. Hux quit smoking upon their return to the Finalizer and it has made him even more snappish and irritable than usual. Kylo stares at the strip of pale skin between Hux’s collar and his jaw. He thinks about waking up next to him and kissing that spot, rubbing the tip of his nose against the short hair at the base of his skull and trailing it into the hollow just above the nape of Hux’s neck. It still amazes Kylo to think on these moments of stolen tenderness. Doubly stolen, in fact: for it is time taken from his training (a diversion he can ill afford, given his many failures) and the emotions themselves are wrested unwillingly from Hux (who Kylo believes cares for him, but only within the very narrow bounds of his leisure and patience). Sometimes Kylo finds Hux’s lack of receptiveness frustrating, as if Hux is a rock he’s throwing himself against, uselessly, again and again, mangling himself in the process. Other times, Kylo is filled with a sense of the finality of their connection: Hux is Kylo’s lover, and the only one he will ever have. They will rise or fall together, their fates inextricably linked. The transport rocks and vibrates as it enters the planet’s atmosphere. The last time Kylo was in a vessel of this type he was delirious, bleeding out from his wounds. He had been lying on his back in the snow in a state of utter abjection as the planet shook itself to pieces around him. He looked up to see Hux standing at a vertiginous angle above him, the orange of his hair the only spot of colour in the entire galaxy, it seemed. Cold, cold fingers against Kylo’s pulsepoint and barked orders blaring against his eardrum. Starkiller. Before they were lovers — before they were anything but thorns in one another’s sides. Kylo remembers Hux holding him down as the transport pitched crazily as it tried to pull away from the crumbling ground. The rank fear-sweat on him seeping out even through his thick overcoat and Kylo thinking, distractedly, so he’s human after all . He remembers Hux’s voice, tight and slightly hysterical but still with that mordant edge: “Oh stop that howling, Ren. Anyone would think you’ve never seen your life’s work in ruins before.” Kylo had been past shame or any thought of the future. He sobbed out: “there’s nothing left. Nothing left. Useless, the girl—” then Hux slapped him right across the ruined portion of his face — a bright, blooming agony that momentarily eclipsed all the other myriad pains. Hux had brought his face down close to Kylo’s, so close that Kylo could feel the hot swirl of breath against his cracked, frozen lips. “You know nothing about loss .” Time passed — months of healing, and then training: ordeal after ordeal, never knowing if he was passing or failing and aware only of a creeping numbness that seemed more profound than what could be caused by hard, knotty scar tissue and sheared-through facial nerves. When Kylo returned to the Finalizer he had felt utterly disconnected from his surroundings, from his own body, even. He presented himself at Hux’s office and found his old rival standing with the same crisp uniform and precisely combed hair as before. Yet when Kylo looked into Hux’s eyes he found something new: a look of fear and resignation where there had once only been cool self-confidence. “Well,” Hux had said — slowly, a little warily, “here we are again.” “Surviving,” Kylo said. Hux looked surprised — he was expecting something cutting and dismissive, Kylo thought, suddenly ashamed of all the pettiness and arrogance that had marked their previous interactions. Kylo took of his helmet and showed Hux his raw, scar-puckered face; wanting to see it reflected back to him by another human, and not an unfeeling mirror. Hux, he felt sure, would tell him what had become of him. Hux stared at him for a long moment and Kylo stood still, feeling his chin trembling faintly. Hux took off his left glove and reached out, easing his thumb into the groove of Kylo’s scar and following its course over the bridge of his nose and down to his cheek. “I thought we put bacta on this.” Kylo had gone rigid beneath the intimate, evaluating touch. “He made me take it off.” “Ah. He wants you marked by your failures.” Hux blinked, seeming to come back to himself, and began to pull his hand away. Kylo balanced his helmet against one hip and grasped Hux’s wrist with his free hand. “Don’t stop,” he said. “Please, look at me.” “What are we doing?” Hux asked, glancing up at him with an expression of sudden horror — because he already knew. Kylo felt their connection — Hux’s answering sympathy — with the same certainty as he felt intuitions revealed to him by the Force: that is a lie, she envies you, he is afraid of you . The shift of a moment, and Kylo knew: he is your lover . Kylo forces himself to look away from Hux’s tense face in profile, but he can’t stop dwelling on intimate memories. Earlier today they had sex in the shower: long, seamless kisses as the water pattered against the back of Kylo’s skull (Hux likes the extravagance of water now, though he still won’t admit it). Their cocks grazed each other’s stomachs and they rubbed and tugged at each other with slow-building urgency. Just before he came, Hux pulled back, a wet smack as their lips pulled apart, and he looked up at Kylo with that same bewildered expression he had worn the first time he saw Kylo’s scarred and weary face. Here we are again. What are we doing? *~*~* 17 ABY “Dear boy,” Captain Wivenhoe calls when Hux sticks his head through the doorway. “Come in, come in.” Hux salutes neatly and steps inside. Wivenhoe’s personal quarters are far from luxurious – four metres by six; a rattly air conditioner that doesn’t manage to keep the temperature much into the double digits – but he has feathered the nest somewhat. There is a bar heater and a caf can for boiling water. He has a kybuckskin rug on the floor to absorb some of the chill from the duracrete floor and a few mismatched chairs gathered around a low, rectangular table, the bed set off along the right-hand wall behind a screen. “Caf, Hux?” Wivenhoe asks, his back turned as he potters about, leaning over the hotplate. “No thank-you, sir.” “Still not acquired the taste for it? Well, I supposed you haven’t yet learned what it is to be truly sleep deprived. Do sit down.” Hux takes his usual seat on the second-most comfortable chair, which has some cushioning and only one wobbly leg. On the table before him sits a small plate of plain, round biscuits and a few datacards, fanned out. Captain Euric Wivenhoe is Riggs’ replacement and a marked improvement if only in that he is neither an idiot nor a sadist. He is in his forties but age shows only around his eyes, marked by crow’s feet. He has cadaverously pale skin and his hair retains such a uniform darkness that the cadets gossip that he must dye it. He wears his sideburns long, in the old Imperial style, and has a prominent hooked nose. He is tall and so thin that it makes his head and hands look disproportionately large; his movements tottering and a little ungainly, though his ice-blue eyes suggest a nature that is rather calculating and decisive. “Well,” he says, seating himself and placing his cup of caf on the table, stretching out his long legs, “that was a devil of an awakening last night, wasn’t it?” “Yes, sir.” “The commandant clearly has some safety concerns in the wake of last year’s tragedy.” Hux keeps his expression neutral: this is a game, or a test, he knows. A lesser mind would take the bait, rising to the opportunity of petty gossip; perhaps would even be lured into catching the thread of treacherous disapproval that Wivenhoe’s remark seems to offer. “The drilling probably does us good, sir. Preparation, as you say, for the times to come when sleep will be a luxury.” Wivenhoe smiles, his gaze remaining cold and steady. “You have a way with words, Hux. A readiness of wit that’s truly remarkable in one so young. Then again, I shouldn’t be surprised – I’m sure you get it from your father.” Hux feels his ears burn. “He did stress the importance of oratory.” Wivenhoe crosses one long, bony leg over the other, linking his fingers together on his lap. “Did I tell you that I heard him speak once – your father, that is?” Hux shakes his head. “Ah. I was at Raithal, not Arkanis, but Commandant Hux visited Lothal once when I was coming up. We had to spruce up for the guest – dress whites and ceremonial sabres. I was too young and callow to fully appreciate his speech, but parts of it struck me deeply.” Wivenhoe lifts the plate of biscuits and offers it to Hux, who shakes his head, though he can feel his empty stomach churning discontentedly. Wivenhoe sets the plate on the table and takes one for himself, holding the thin disk between his overlong fingers. “I remember that he said that to live well, one must speak well. ‘For what use are a man’s deeds if he cannot say why he did them?’” Wivenhoe snaps the biscuit in half and gazes at the sundered edges, his eyes going unfocused with the act of recollection. “He said that we must think of the soldiers we would become not as a far-off destiny, but as a work we were crafting, day by day, a little at a time. To make a start by thinking of how we spoke — to speak with the voices of those future men and women.” He blinked and looked up at Hux. “I can’t recall his exact words, ironically enough, but it went something like that. I remember that it sounded utterly magical to me: to speak oneself into being. Like some kind of ancient myth.” Hux swallows past a feeling of burning in his throat, wishing he had accepted a cup of caf if only to have something to do to cover up the momentary lapse in decorum. Wivenhoe bites into the biscuit and regards him thoughtfully as he chews. “My father has very definite ideas about personal development,” Hux says, as neutrally as he can. Wivenhoe swallows his mouthful. “Forgive me! Prattling on about your father like that is damn insensitive of me. It must be very difficult for you to be apart from him. Do you hear from him often – where is he stationed these days?” “Classified, sir.” “Ah, of course.” Wivenhoe raises his eyebrows sagely. “He is one of our hidden architects of the new age to come. It must be a bitter regret to him that he couldn’t keep you with him.” After an awkward pause, Hux nods towards the datacards on the table. “What are those?” “Oh! Just some pictures of some vessels of the old fleet; a few where I was stationed. The Accuser had some very interesting engineering features — retrofitted proton torpedo launchers and such — it was one of the last of the Imperial I-types, you know. Young Kallic should be along in a minute — he expressed an interest in seeing them.” Hux glances at the door and takes his opportunity. “Did you hear about the new boy?” “No, I don’t believe so. Not on my roster — why?” “I’ve heard that he’s Mapping Corps.” “Well, what if he is?” “They’re little more than pirates, that’s what I’ve heard.” “I can’t imagine pirates wanting to send their children to an NEC academy. If the boy is here then he must have been vetted.” “Did you ever go to one of the outposts, sir, in the Unknown Regions?” Wivenhoe’s eyes rest on him for a long moment. “No, I was never in the outer outer darkness, so to speak. The first wave of exiles went looking for the colonies, but most of them hadn’t survived; those that did were only just clinging on.” “I heard a lot of them assimilated.” “Well,” Wivenhoe dusts off his hands, “who knows what a man might be driven to do under those circumstances?” Not commit treason , Hux almost says, but at the last moment he holds back the remark — too passionate, too revealing. The arrival of Kallic saves him from a response. The subject is dropped and conversation turns safely to history and old glories. *~*~* 34 ABY They land on an arid planet. Sandy, stony ground crunches underfoot when they step off the ramp and Hux turns and raises his hand to the troopers descending behind them. He commands their red-pauldroned leader to stay, have the men remain alert and keep scanning the area for incoming threats. Night is falling on this portion of the landmass and the sky is a vivid star-spangled indigo, tinging into pink at the fading horizon. There are no clouds and the exposure is breath-stopping. As covered as he is Kylo can feel the cold biting at all the seams of his garments. Hux’s breath spirals in the air as he stands and surveys the flat, desolate landscape. It is not an ordinary desert, that much is clear: there appears to be no wildlife or living fauna. Twisted, grey structures that might once have been trees or succulents dot the ground here and there, but they are ash-grey; petrified. There are no sounds — no scuttling or chirping or the susurration of insects. There is not even any wind. In the middle-distance a mesa rises up from the ground, its sheer face cratered with indentations that look like small caves, some of which are hung with lights. “Let’s get this over with,” Hux mutters to Kylo, striding off towards this one and only sign of life with a grim look on his face. When they get close enough to the mesa they can see it is swarming with beings that clamber about the structure with ant-like energy and purpose. Before the sheer cliff face they find a heap of bleached, discarded bones and scraps of tattered cloth. Hux rolls a skull underfoot and leans down to examine it. Kylo can see at a glance that it is not human: it is small, elongated, and lacking a nasal cavity. A watch cry goes up at their approach and figures begin to emerge from the holes in the rock, rappelling down ropes to hit the ground and scramble over the litter of bones. There are some humans and a selection of other species — Kylo spots a selonian, a barabel, and one or two lifeforms that he does not recognise, including a tall, bipedal, androgynous being with green-yellow scales and black eyes with several sets of eyelids that blink in a complicated pattern. At the vanguard of the party is a short, stocky human man with unruly black hair and a thick mustache that curves along his jaw to meet his sideburns. He is dressed in a grubby blue flight suit and a boxy tunic made of some waterproof and reflective material, cinched in below the curve of his stomach with a richly embroidered belt that complements a pair of hide, fur-lined boots. There are several heavy ropes of beads and gemstones slung around his neck. The overall look is that of a warlord who also moonlights as a plumber. “Armitage Hux!” the man calls out, spreading his arms wide. “Looker Storno,” Hux returns, with markedly less enthusiasm. Their expressions could not be more different: Storno is grinning and looks absolutely exhilarated, Hux is tight-lipped with disgust. “Well, well, well,” Storno says, hands on his hips as he stands and takes Hux in. “Look at you. Must have taken quite some scrambling to get those stripes.” “Look at you ,” Hux retorts. “I knew you were unprincipled, but grave robbing, really?” “What, this?” Storno lifts a large necklace strung with what look to be sacred amulets, “I just got bored waiting for you to show up.” “And you , Treadaway,” Hux says, addressing a man with a prosthetic arm made of some kind of black metal scaffolding and exposed wiring who stands to Storno’s left, “I can’t believe you’re running around with him again. Didn’t you learn your lesson after last time?” “You’re not the boss of me, Hux,” the man returns sullenly. “You never were.” Storno laughs. “Now, now boys, play nice. Who’s your friend, Hux?” “This is Kylo, master of the Knights of Ren.” “Ren. I’ve heard of them — Force-users. That’s not very friendly Hux, where is the trust?” “It was either him or a battalion of stormtroopers. Take your pick.” Storno’s smile shows a gold tooth that glints in the lamp light. “Might get kind of cramped. Come on, I’ll show you where we’re set up.” “Very well,” Hux’s voice is clipped, his brusqueness masking his discomfort. “But let’s not draw this out unnecessarily.” Storno just grins wider. “You came to me , Hux. Let’s not forget that.” *~*~* 17 ABY Hux wakes in the middle of the night, startled from a deep sleep as if by one of the emergency sirens. The room is silent except for the soft snores of his dorm-mates and the whick-whick of the air circulator. Hux lies awake for a long moment trying to dismiss the sense that a something out of the ordinary woke him. Restless and unable to fall back to sleep, he throws back the covers and jumps soundlessly to the floor, landing in his boots. The others are asleep, wrapped tightly in cocoons of blankets. Hux stands still and listens again. Then there comes a voice — soft, uninflected — from the far end of the room: “there’s a door open,” Berkal says. He is on the bottom bunk: the bed that used to be Eli’s, now occupied by Est, as if he’s keeping it warm for his brother. “What?” Hux murmurs back. “A door. I can hear the draught. And earlier there were some footsteps going past.” Berkal is curled up tight with his knees to his chest and his arms wrapped around his lower legs. The position can’t be comfortable. “I’m going to see what’s going on,” Hux says. He thinks about waking Knight, who he knows would follow him without question or complaint, but he dislikes the idea that others perceive Knight as his shadow or bodyguard. Hux is his own man. He shrugs on his jacket and laces up his boots, then sets the door on manual so he can open it just a fraction and slide out through the gap. The corridors look eerie in the low bluish glow of the standby lighting. Hux stands and cocks his head to listen. He can hear a low, hollow sound that he realises after a few moments is the wind and Berkal is right — there is a distinct draught. He moves towards the emergency stairwell and finds the heavy fire door propped open with a boot. He moves stealthily up the stairs to the rooftop exit, where he locates a second boot holding wide the exit door. Someone who knows the layout but not how to override the security codes — interesting. Hux peers around the door and catches sight of someone sitting on the air conditioning unit. The two moons are bright in the cloudless sky and Hux can make out the figure clearly: a youth wearing the drab jacket of a cadet, but underneath it a grey flight suit such as a long-haul freighter pilot might wear. He is short and has a prominent stomach and chubby thighs — Hux thinks perhaps there was no uniform in stock to fit these dimensions, and the flight suit must be a stop-gap solution. The youth has medium-brown skin and thick, black hair that curls in many directions and looks like it was cut during a struggle. He has a heavy brow, a snub nose and a square jawline, these strong features vying for space on his otherwise round and boyish face. A small, circular device sits on one of his knees, projecting a grid pattern up onto the sky above his head. He has a datapad and a stylus and seems to be making notes. “You must be Storno,” Hux says, stepping out onto the rooftop. The youth looks up and blinks at Hux for a moment, then his mouth stretches into a grin. “And you must be Hux. Am I wrong?” His accent is strange: not Core, not Exile, not even Rimmer; his vowels almost aspirated: he pronounces Hux’s name ‘hooks’. It’s enough to make Hux wonder if Galactic Basic is his first language. “My reputation precedes me, I see.” Hux tries not to sound gratified by this, though he is. “People round here think you’re a badass,” Storno remarks, putting away his stylus and bobbing a socked foot. His feet are small and dainty, like a woman’s. “Or a fucking psycho. Depends who you ask.” “Do you always open with an insult? I thought you coggers were trained in diplomacy.” “‘Cogger!’” Storno tilts his head back and laughs. “That’s a good one.” “That’s what you claim you are, isn’t it?” “That’s the story alright. It might even be true.” “So why are you here?” Hux asks. “Did the arsehole of the galaxy shit you back out?” Storno sucks air through his teeth, as if Hux has slapped him, then he smiles, as if he enjoyed it. “Mmm. Here I thought the Rim would be boring.” “If you’re hoping for entertainment you’re welcome to go elsewhere. Some of us are here to learn.” Storno looks about at the desolate surroundings. “What can you learn in a place like this? How to be a rat, gnawing other rats?” “How to rise,” Hux says, surprising himself with his anger and conviction. “How to succeed where others fail.” Storno’s eyes light up with glee. “Hux. Are we going to be friends? I would like to be your friend, I think.” “I don’t have friends, only interests.” Hux folds his arms and looks Storno up and down. “What I see before me is not very interesting.” Storno shuts off his grid projector and sticks it into his pocket, then tucks his datapad under his arm and jumps to his feet. He looks up at Hux from beneath his thick, straight brows, his black eyes shiny and knowing. “Well, that is how you want it. Nothing I can do about that.” Hux raises his chin. “Stay off this roof, Storno. It’s out of bounds.” “I’m not good with boundaries,” he replies. “But I am here to learn.” Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 5 of the Savages!verse series