Hux would have expected that he would have been used to the stuffiness of Star Destroyers by now. He had lived on them for most of his life, but at some point he had come to dislike the constantly filtered, recycled air. So when it came to how he spent his shore leave, the answer was simple. He would take a speeder, or some other open-top vehicle and enjoy breathing fresh air. That was, until something in it malfunctioned. Hux had been travelling alone when his luck took a turn and he was suddenly stranded on a swamp planet. He supposed he ought to have been grateful his luck had not completely forsaken him. He had been fortunate enough to break down near some sort of settlement, which fortunately had a mechanic who spoke standard and a cantina that rented rooms. He was stuck in the town for at least one night, but he supposed the situation could have been much worse. His speeder might have broken down in a bog. Which left him with two choices. He could stay in his room until the repairs were finished, or he could try to spend a little time in the cantina. Finding lying in bed for hours while there was still light out was unappealing. Having spent his childhood in Arkanis any excuse to at least sit by a window when there was sunlight was welcome. What harm was a single drink anyways? It didn’t even need to be alcoholic. Just something that would allow him to justify sitting by the window to watch the sun go down. He took a seat in the least conspicuous place he could find in the cantina, somewhere that wouldn’t attract much attention. He chose a booth in the corner where he could watch everyone who came in and out. It was a good vantage point, Hux thought as he sipped a cup of water, the only drink he had recognized in the place. He wasn't exactly a connoisseur of alcoholic beverages, but he had thought there were a few drinks that were fairly universal. Apparently not. He wasn't in much of a mood to get drunk anyhow, so it wasn't as if it was much of a loss. Try as he might not to attract attention, he caught the eyes of several patrons. Not that it was hard to understand. He was the only human in the place, and this being a relatively small settlement in an isolated environment, they probably didn't see many tourists. Most of the beings kept to themselves, but occasionally looked over at him in a way Hux wasn't sure he appreciated. It wasn't as if he'd never been looked at as if he were attractive before, but it was usually one, perhaps two people, almost always of his own species. It wasn't the attention that unnerved him, but the fact that there was so much of it. So many beings staring at him, wanting, curious... One being in particular wasn't trying very hard to hide though. It was a massive thing, smaller than a Hutt, but considerably larger than Hux. It was also nowhere near being humanoid. It was snakelike from the waist down and covered in scales. Its torso was almost like a man’s, though it would have been a man with six arms. It slithered over to Hux’s, scales shifting against the floor. The General couldn’t help wrinkling his nose a bit. Despite not looking at all like whatever this being was, he recognized the leer he was being given. This thing wanted him. “A little human. My, you must be a long ways from home,” said the snake creature, it’s ‘s’ slightly emphasized by a thin, forked tongue. Hux took a sip of his water and shifted away slightly. The snake being wasn’t taking the hint and took a seat next to him, sort of. He, Hux supposed it was a he, wasn’t exactly sitting. “Don’t be like that, I’m just trying to be friendly.” Hux stiffened as he felt an arm slide around his shoulders and pull him against the cold, scaly body. He cringed slightly. Its skin was very dry and hard, but the flesh beneath it had plenty of give. The snake being pressed him in close, “You’re a warm little critter, aren’t you?” The word ‘critter’ was offensive, but Hux relaxed slightly. This creature was reptilian and he was a mammal. He had probably been interested in him because he was warm blooded. The way the creature pressed him in close, wrapping three arms around him seemed to support his theory. He just wanted to get warm, it was flirtatious, but innocent enough. At least, that was how Hux justified allowing the contact to continue. “So what’s a little human like you doing all the way out here?” the creature asked. “Nothing really,” replied Hux. “Who’ve you got with you there?” asked another snake, this one more of a greenish colour. “Just getting to know this pretty human who came all the way out here to do nothing,” said the one with his arms wrapped around Hux. The other creature slipped in the booth from the other side and pressed against Hux the same way the other one had. Now there were two of him, squeezing and petting him, sapping the heat from his body. One of them laced their fingers into his hair and started fanning through it, sectioning it to have a look at the scalp underneath. “See, you’ve gotta love how soft and warm these mammals are,” said the green one on his left. Hux could hear it grinning as it leaned in closer, “No claws, no horns, no spikes. You can hold ‘em nice and tight without any pinching.” “Of course, another great thing about them…” began the other, “Is how cute they look with those big eyes of theirs. They're always pretty colours too.” Hux inhaled sharply as a hand lifted his chin. It stayed a moment, then started rubbing over his neck, “He’s real warm just under his chin. And look at that, pretty blue eyes. That's rare around here, you know.” “But you know the best thing about humans,” said the one on his left, and Hux assumed was the one trying to slide a hand up his shirt, “Is how easy they are to please.” “Time to go…” Hux said softly to himself, rising to his feet. There was no pretending this was in any way innocent anymore. That more or less made their intentions clear. If he stayed then it was almost assuredly going to delve into something more than flirting and petting. “Come on sweetheart, we’d make it worth your while,” said the one on the right, placing a hand over Hux’s hip and on his thigh. It wasn't holding him, Hux supposed he could have kicked the hand away. He didn't though, “Just a little fun. We could make you feel really good.” “See, we know humans like you have lots of sensitive little spots all over and only two hands. You look like you could use a little love, sitting alone, all uptight,” said the second, moving to pull Hux back down between the since he wasn't putting up any resistance. “Is there a problem here?” Hux looked up at who he supposed might be trying to save him, though he wasn't sure if he wanted saving or not yet. It was less human than the other two. He had no idea how the creature was talking. All he could see were a mass of tentacles and two eyes sticking up like some sort of slug or octopus. He, it seemed to be another he, looked at Hux and its eyes widened slightly, “Is that a…?” “Yep, a real live human,” said the greyish snake, reaching up and cupping Hux’s chin, “We were just chatting, being real sweet to him, promise.” “So what do you say, gorgeous? Care to shed that fake skin for us? You look a bit silly being the only one here with one on,” encouraged the other, pulling at his civilian shirt again. It looked at the tentacle being, “Come on, you know you want a look at him.” The tentacle creature moved in a little closer and eyed Hux, wanting but more hesitant than the other two, “Damn, he’s prettier than they are in the holos…” Hux could only imagine which holos he must have been talking about. He looked across the cantina and saw that the eyes of multiple beings, none of them remotely humanoid, were on him, much more brazenly than before. As he tried to survey how many there were, and how many he might have to fight off if it came to that, one of the creatures slid his shirt up to his armpits. Hux went to pull it down but his hands were held in place. He glared at the one on his left, “That’s quite enough.” “Well, look at these,” the thing replied, pulling him back down to sit again, “Pretty and pink. Aren’t you just the cutest little thing.” The creature let go for a moment, giving Hux ample time and means to make an escape. A chance to shout a refusal. Do anything to defuse the situation, really. Hux just glared. He wasn't sure exactly why. Perhaps it was boredom, perhaps he was slightly starved for touch, perhaps he liked the attention, maybe it was all of it, but he didn't move, and he didn't refuse. Seeing this, the creature grinned and took him, loosely, by the wrists again and drew closer. The creature leaned down and settled his head near Hux's chest. His tongue darted out and flicked rapidly over a nipple before retracting. He barely stifled a moan and the creature chuckled, “Mm…smells good too. You like that darling?” Hux tried to stifle himself as the other joined in licking, or rather smelling his nipples, with two forked tongues flickering over them, faster than his eyes could keep up. A hand slid down and began tracing around his navel, another oddity for reptiles. They seemed interested in his sides too, enjoying the expanse of skin without four arms in the way. The tentacle creature seemed to have finally caved in, moving closer and touching his stomach lightly, “Oh…he’s so warm.” “He's got real nipples too. I didn't think males had them...you are male, right?” asked the snake creature on the right. "Yes!" snapped Hux, unable to help how offended he sounded. "Sorry, hard to tell with the fake skin in the, sweetheart," apologized the snake creature. He turned his attention back to the tentacle creature, "Either way, they sure are cute." When the tentacle creature touched them Hux finally moaned. He had been expecting suction cups or a slimy tendril. Instead he felt hundreds of little fibers rubbing the sensitive buds of his nipples like someone was swirling a soft brush around them. Then they were seized by small openings in the tips of the tentacles, pulling and sucking gently. Hux cried out as the creature began alternating, lavishing one with the fibers and sucking the other before switching. Hux sat back as he was groped and petted by several hands and tentacles, soothing his face with cool hands and exploring his exposed torso. The creature on the left chuckled, “So nice when they only have two hands. Makes you easier to hold, darling.” He received a kiss on his neck from somewhere on his right and felt a tongue flickering over it, “He’s already making noise and going slack. Is he making your nipples feel that good sweetheart?” He was. Hux squirmed as the tentacle creature kept playing with them. They were tender and hard and Hux could feel them throb when they were pulled and sucked. The creature was fascinated by them, circling and flicking the tips, pinching, pulling, sucking, and then soothing them with the soft underside of its tentacles. He tried to stifle himself, but meek little moans managed to slip from between his lips. “Seems like you’re really into this, babe. Why don’t we get this other skin out of the way?” “If you like what he does to your nipples, imagine what he can do to your cock.” “You’re an awfully little thing. Bet you’re nice and tight.” They weren’t even pretending to be cautious now. A hand reached between Hux’s legs and palmed him through his clothes. Hux hesitated as the cool limb slowly warmed and pressed against him. He let out a fretful noise, one he didn't even know he could make as he parted his legs to give the large hand more access. It was very big, almost big enough that Hux could sit in the creature's palm. It kept touching, squeezing, rubbig him firmly while another hand slipped down the back of his pants to slide a thick finger between his cheeks and prod his entrance. Hux bucked between them, his body taking over despite his mind’s better judgement as he tossed his head and allowed himself to be touched. A large finger prodded his lips, “Come on honey, get ‘em nice and slick…” ‘Oh hell…’ Hux thought to himself as he opened his mouth and two fingers slip inside. The fingers were scaly, rough, with claws at the end. Hux wasn't entierly sure how to use his tongue without getting cuts or chaffed. He settled on suckling them, letting the fingers suppress some of the noise bubbling up from the back of his throat. The creatures seemed more than pleased with his cooperation and rewarded him with plenty of gentle touches. There was a hand twisted in his hair, scratching and massaging his scalp with slow circles. He leaned into it as much as he could, loving the attention the often neglected area was receiving. Especially with the claws. He supposed they could cause some damage, but scratching lightly the way they were, it felt so good. "Is this the pace you like, sweetheart?" asked the greenish snake on the left, who must have been the one touching his hair. Hux felt the other hands on him slow to match the slow and careful pace, taking time to be thorough with him. Hux moaned around the fingers at the contact. He was used to rough, fast, efficient encounters. Not whatever this was. "You got a pretty mouth," noted the other snake, "No fangs, no acid, no poison, just warm and wet. And these fleshy bits..." A finger prodded his lips. "They're cute. You're just sweet and pink all over." He pulled his fingers out and Hux gasped, "W-wait…that isn't enough…y-you need oil." "Oil?" asked the tentacle creature. Hux nodded. He wasn't sure he liked the idea of scales and claws inside him as it was, but only having saliva for lube would just make something that was potentially bad even worse, "I won't comply unless you at least use lubricant." "Alright, any other rules we should know about?" asked the snake on his left, continuing to palm him slowly through his clothes. Hux surpressed a groan as he thought about it. His uniform covered most of him, but his face would be visible. He could come up with excuses if he had a limp, say he crashed or his speeder gave him saddle sores. He didn't need his crew seeing marks on his face. He had to maintain an imposing façade, and unlike Ren, he couldn't just flex his muscles and burn up a console. He had to seem cold, detached, untouchable. There couldn't be any visible evidence. Hux quickly blurted out, "Not my face." "That's easy enough. In fact you're an awfully accomodating critter, all things considered," said the snake on the right, "We'll get you that oil, now how about this fake skin?" "Oil first," Hux insisted. Hux felt half of the hands retract as the snake on his right left to retrieve some sort of lubricant. The tentacle creature, still toying with his nipples, slid up to his now unoccupied side. It started wrapping coils around him, almost shyly. Hux nearly melted at the feeling of the fibers rubbing over him gently. It was soft and gentle, nothing like quick sessions he'd had before that had been all about relief and nothing else. "I always liked these…they're cute," said the creature shyly, swirling its tentacles around Hux's nipples, "And I mean it, I really think you're prettier than the ones in the holos." It was flattering, but not enough to distract Hux as his crotch was once again rubbed and palmed. He whined at the sensation and ground against the hand. He snake chuckled to him, "You've got an audience sweetheart. Why not give them a better look?" Hux couldn't recall the last time anyone had lifted him up and carried him. But the snake did, as if he was weightless, and deposited him on the table with his legs dangling over the side. From there Hux had a better vantage point to see all the beings who had stopped to look at him. He swallowed slightly before giving a marginally sarcastic, "Hello…" "Hi," someone called back. A three fingered amphibious creature gave a little wave. "There little fella, we've got your oil," said the greyish snake, slithering back and placing a bottle next to Hux on the table, "Now if you'd be so kind…" Hux arched his brow, "You mean...here? Now?" "Be a shame to keep such a pretty critter all to ourselves," said the snake creature, as if it was a perfectly sound reason to ask a perfect stranger to strip for a sizable audience. As he hesitated the other snake creature whispered, "Poor little critter must have stage fright." Hux began removing his shirt, just to spite them, "One more rule…no pictures or holos, if you don't mind." Hux noticed nodding from the assembly as he wriggled out of his pants. He supposed there was a 'sexy' way of doing this, but as his heart pounded in his chest he found he didn't have any sort of instinct to help him pull that off. He supposed he ought to have been doing things slowly, pausing to lick his lips and touch himself, or something like that. At the moment it was all he could do to keep himself from shaking visibly. He kicked his pants and boots off the rest of the way and flushed as he sat, naked, for the observation of everyone in the cantina. And they certainly were watching him. It was enough to actually make Hux avert his eyes. He was used to attention but this was different, possibly too much. He heard murmuring, which quickly became chatter as he was approached. The first time one of them touched him, just rubbing his arm with their fingers, Hux gave a shiver. He tried to stay quiet, stoic, since that was how the thought he ought to behave naturally. Another being ran a hand through his hair and something touched his back from behind. Soon he found himself being prodded and examined by curious and wanting creatures. They were fascinated by many things; his freckles, the little clear hairs on his arms, his navel and his nipples were admired. "I like your spots," said the amphibious creature that had waved to him. Hux had no idea how to respond to that. Even if he hadn't had hands all over him he wouldn't have known. Nobody ever said they liked his freckles before. Once the dusting around his nose had faded with age, nobody paid them any mind. Spongy fingers seized his nipple and Hux let out a gasp, "Humans like this, right? You're sensitive here?" "Y-yes..." Hux managed to stammer back. He let out another gasp as it was pulled slightly, "It feels different from the rest of your hide. Softer." Hux didn't have time to respond to that. His legs were nudged apart to reveal his half hard cock, which was flushed pink. His pubic hair had been trimmed back for neatness, but it didn't stop the beings from curiously running their fingers through it. Sometimes they stopped to scratch or massage the area, exposing Hux to multiple textures to the area that, once again, didn't receive much attention. Hux moaned quietly, trying to contain himself as he was stroked and prodded all over. "Aw, his little cheeks are pink. Isn't that just the sweetest thing." "Sure is soft and warm. He'd be good company in winter." "Alright sweetheart, lie back, let's see that tight little hole." Hux was guided up the table and onto his back. He'd lost track of who was where and which limbs matched to which creature. There were too many now. He also lost track of his voice. He keened loudly as he felt several different hands stroking his cock. He lifted a hand to forcibly stifle himself, only to have it pulled away and held down so each and every creature around him got an unobstructed view of his nude body. Fingers stroked and fondled his member, some were soft, others were rough or rubbery or spongy like the one that had grasped his nipple. They also prodded his balls, gently squeezing or thumbing over them. He mewled at the thorough attention he was being given as his cock was admired. "No barb on it." "No knots or ridges either." "So smooth and soft, must feel really good inside." "Probably tastes good too." Hux's eyes widened in time to see a long tongue shoot out and lick from the base to the tip and over the slit where precum was leaking. He heard a voice chuckling, "Yeah, this one's real sweet." Hux flinched and whimpered slightly when he felt something slick against his entrance, "Alright darling, lets see how sweet you are inside." A finger teased the puckered ring of muscles, slowly circling. Hux could feel more than generous amounts of oil dribbling down his crack before the finger pressed in. He cried out and arched his back, letting out a slight whimper as in pressed in and out and heard someone exclaim, "Shit, he's real tight!" Hux mewled at the sensation of multiple beings touching him all over, inside and out. Hands and other limbs were on his thighs, rubbing and holding them far apart. He felt a few curious hands on his knees, studying the joint, and something cool and wet engulf his foot. When he felt something slimy slide between his toes he realized something was sucking and licking his foot. His first instinct was to kick it away, but he was quickly distracted by other sensations. His cock was still being studied intently, Hux felt different hands testingly stroke and squeeze it. Occasionally someone gave it a lick and called out how good humans tasted or how nice it was not to watch out for anything sharp. Hands rubbed his stomach, prodding at his navel and enjoying the warmth his body gave off. Hux felt something rubbery pinch his nipples as someone asked, "He's a mammal right? Think he's got milk?" Hux flushed harder at the notion, this creature wanting to milk him. He could barely speak through his moans, "Ngh…n-no…ah…ah…I'm m-male…ah…I…ah…c-can't…" "Too bad…" replied whatever was kneading the tips of his nipples. It chuckled before adding, "I'll have to settle for your cum." The finger inside him probed inside him and found his prostate. Hux cried out and thrust his hips. He needed to come. It had barely been a few minutes but he was hard and anxious to come. He whined when the finger pulled back and was joined by another one, whimpering at how stretched he felt already. Fingers raked through his hair, taking in the texture and a pair of…they felt like faces, nuzzled against his neck, seeking warmth. "See," Hux heard a voice say with a prolonged 's' sound, "Humans are covered in sensitive spots. He's close to begging to come." He wouldn't beg for it, he refused, but Hux let out a loud keen as his prostate was touched again. This time the fingers didn't retract. They kept stroking it, massaging it, causing Hux to squirm and thrust his hips frantically to get more contact. All the while a familiar, soft tentacle wrapped around his cock, lavishing it with soft, gentle touches. Hux whimpered and felt a long tongue sweep over his neck, "It's alright sweetheart, go ahead." He probably would have come regardless of permission. A third finger entered him and pressed against his prostate. Hux came with a pathetic, sobbing noise. He felt his seed splash all over his stomach and heard laughing and cheering echoing in his ears. He shuddered as he remembered something similar, a group of cadets on leave fucking some prostitute and making a bunch of noise because one of them had managed to make her come. Hux felt something swipe over his belly, "Mm…you taste good darling. If you weren't such a willing, pretty thing I'd probably eat you up." Hux opened his eyes and cringed in spite of his haze. The creature speaking to him had a large maw and a pronounced row of fangs. It probably could eat him if it had a mind for it. The fingers pulled back, "He's tight, and that little hole of his is hot inside." One of his hands was seized and closed around something, Hux had a good guess as to what as he was manipulated into sliding his hand up sand down, "Ah…warm hands too…it's like you were made for this…" "Ready sweetheart? I'm gonna fill you up," said one of the creatures. Something big pressed against his ass. Inhumanely big. Something Hux wasn't even sure a human was able to take. He cried out as the large member pressed inside him. It had bumps all over it and stretched him to the point he was certain he would break. His entrance, still spasming from his orgasm clenched around it as it slid inside, inch by inch. It almost felt too big, too long, like it wouldn't fit inside. "You alright?" asked one of the creatures by his neck, "Does it hurt too much?" Hux shook his head, "No…m-move…" Hux let out another keen as his hips were grabbed forcefully and the creature set a slow pace, taking his time, making sure Hux felt everything. The creature thrust in and out, the bumps and ridges luxuriating his abused and overstimulated prostate. Hux sobbed as the tentacle creature gave his cock the same treatment his nipples had received. Soothed and lavished by the soft side before it was engulfed and sucked. He could only squirm and mewl in response to so much contact. All his sensitive spots had been found and were being teased. His nipples were constantly played with, his neck was nuzzled and licked, his thighs and hips were gripped and patted, both of his hands had been claimed, and his feet were still being licked and toyed with. "Shit…so hot and tight, like he won't let go…" groaned the creature, now pounding into him. Hux moaned and cried out with each thrust feeling the stretch and pull of each bump along his rim as the massive cock moved over his prostate with each pass. Hux felt something splatter over his chest and something in his right hand soften, "So good…" "Such a sweet little body." "Humans like this are made to be fucked." Hux squealed as come shot out inside him and filled him up. He felt so full, like he might burst, and the creature kept thrusting as he emptied himself. Hux cried out and felt his toes automatically curling in as he came. Whatever had a hold on his foot was still there, swirling a tongue over the sole of his foot as he orgasmed He whined as the creature that was inside him pulled out. It must have been the one patting him on the cheek, "Best sex I ever had, darling. You're one hell of a good lay." Suddenly, someone else pushed inside, something with pronounced ridges. Hux heard a squelch, felt displaced come gushing out of him and dribbling down his ass as he was filled to the breaking point again. "Oh, we're not done with you yet sweetheart. Lets see how much a cute critter like you can take…" Hux was grateful he had managed to gasp out, 'not my face' and the beings actually respected that. Even without anything obstructing his mouth and nose he was finding it hard to breathe. With all the intense touches; the ridged cock working in and out of him, something cool and wet now wrapping around his dick, a pair of mouths suckling his nipples, his hands being manipulated over cocks, his hair being stroked and gently tugged, the rest of him being stroked, nuzzled and licked, it was a struggle. His breath kept hitching and he couldn't stop the needy mewls tumbling out of his lips. It was so different, and not just because non-humanoids were touching him. They were taking their time, they wanted him to feel pleasure as well. With most of his quick encounters the goal was to get off and return to their work as quickly as possible. There was no petting or even asking if something was 'good' or 'too much'. So long as both parties managed to get off, the experience was considered satisfactory. Hux wasn't sure he'd ever find that satisfying again. The creature came inside him and Hux whimpered. He heard someone say how good his little hole was and would have flushed if he could turn any pinker. He was close, he wanted to come, but he had already climaxed twice and doing it again was becoming more difficult. "How about a little treat for being so good, sweetheart?" Hux recognized the voice of one of the snake creatures that had first propositioned him. He felt six new hands settle on his thighs and hips. He felt open, sore and sloppy after the last two. More so when he felt a finger trace his stretched, twitching rim. Then he felt it, a long tongue flickering inside him. Hux let out an undignified squeal as it tickled inside him. He had to be held down since he was thrashing so hard. He bucked his hips, desperate to feel that tongue lapping at his prostate. "Sure is a sensitive little critter." "Humans are real pretty too." "And he keeps getting warmer." "Cute little human, needy for a big cock inside him, you're exactly my type, darling." His prostate was finally flicked by the long, skinny tongue. It flickered over it, tickling, keeping the contact feather light. Hux had never felt anything like it. One of the creatures touched his face, shushing him gently, trying not to alarm him as it wiped tears from the corners of his eyes and saliva from his mouth. Hux hadn't even realized he'd been drooling. The tongue kept tickling, teasing as whatever was working at his cock began to suck him off. Hux cried out as he came into what he could only deduce as a waiting mouth. He felt come splash across his chest and stomach as his hands were pulled away and wrapped around other cocks. He felt something sharp on one of them, the other had some spines that certainly wouldn't have felt good inside him. He whined as the tongue that had been inside him pulled away and he keened when it was replaced by a massive cock, even bigger than the first one. It was so soon after his orgasm. Hux sobbed as his prostate was battered and he was stretched to his limits. He screamed and cried out as he was turned into an overstimulated wreck. "So tight…so good…you're gonna take my knot…" said the creature currently fucking him senseless, wasting no time pounding into him. Hux had no idea what that meant, but he couldn't have protested if he wanted to. His nipples were released and claimed by waiting appendages, wanting their turn to play with the exotic little buds. His cock was stroked and licked as multiple hands kept touching him. There was no end to the constant touches. A hand grabbed his ass, squeezing before giving it a slap. Hux squealed as it caused his passage to tighten, squeezing the cock inside him. He heard a purr and felt another slap, "That's it darling, just like that. You're so damned tight." "Such a sweet little thing…I want to take him home and keep him forever." "Needy critter aren't you? Been stuffed full of cum and you still want more." "You're just loving this, aren't you?" The creature inside him was slowly, somehow getting bigger. Hux keened at the stretch as it kept growing inside him all while he was still being fucked. Finally the creature came, depositing something deep inside him. "You've just been knotted sweetheart, how's it feel?" Hux wasn't able to reply. He could only moan and mewl as more creatures took turns fucking him. He thought there were two of them trying to take him at once, but it was just a creature who's cock had two heads. There was another one with bumps, stretching and massaging him from inside out. Another creature used their tongue, lapping at his filthy, used hole with a thick, forked tongue. Hux lied back, coming and screaming like an animal meant only for breeding while the creatures used his slack body for their pleasure. Everything was sore, his muscles were in agony, but it still felt so good. He came so many times he was starting to come dry. He felt himself being picked up, pressed against another body as cum dripped out of him. "Just one more round sweetheart…" He felt tentacles wrapping around him and lifting him up, spreading his limbs so he hung exposed in the air. He felt little tendrils rubbing soothingly over his raw entrance. Hux whimpered as his nipples were pulled into little openings and sucked as gently as possible. "I've uh…never done this with a human before…" Hux felt his body in the air being manipulated, positioned lewdly while the beings, most if not all of which had fucked him, settled in to watch. With the slight reprieve he was getting, he could hear them brazenly talk about his body in a way he wasn't used to hearing. If Hux heard himself described, it was usually by his age and a variation of 'scary' These creatures thought him…cute, small despite being tall among other humans, pretty, warm, soft, everything he had been told was weak and discovering the adjectives didn't bother him as much as he thoughts they would. "Sweet little thing, still all pink in the face." "He's got strong legs, for a mammal, and his fur was nice and soft." "Good ass on him too. I can't believe how much he stretched." "And so pretty when he comes. All that whimpering and moaning too, he's a cute little critter." Hux felt the tentacles start to wrap around him, sliding over his torso and seeking out the most sensitive parts of his anatomy. He whimpered as a tentacle lightly slapped against his ass, causing more come to drip out of him as his hole twitched. His body was reacting on its own, his mind too exhausted to give it proper instruction. Hux felt himself try to thrust his hips out to get more contact. "You liked that?" asked the tentacle creature. "Obviously," someone else called back, "It's just like the holos, they like being spanked." Holos were not the best source for studying another species, but Hux wasn't going to complain. They were light, uncertain slaps, but they felt good. Hux closed his eyes as the slaps stopped, the soft tentacles soothing his backside, gripping and cupping it. Hux flushed more as it began playing with him, cupping the cheeks and letting go to watch what little ass he had jiggle. Play was probably the best word Hux could think of to describe the creatures actions. It was being slow, hesitant, experimental, exploring Hux before taking him. Hux supposed this thing liked humans and had probably thought of doing this for some time. It was probably going to take full advantage of the opportunity to have one to itself. It was stroking him now, petting him with those soft tentacles. A number of them settled between his legs, positioning by his open hole, "Do you need more of that oil stuff?" It couldn't hurt. Hux whimpered and nodded weakly. He wasn't prepared to feel it squirt inside him. He keened at the sensation of cool oil spraying into his abused hole and slosh around. The creatures didn't seem to know much about humans but he hadn't expected they'd try to spray oil inside him. He felt the tentacles tighten in alarm, "Oh! G-gosh I'm sorry! I didn't mean for it to hurt!" Hux whimpered as he felt oil and cum dribbling down his legs. He tried to find his voice to speak, "It's fine…k-keep going…" This was the last time. One more and he could rest, breathe, sleep. The thought was a comfort, but he was also curious about what this creature could do to him. "I'll be extra gentle…" promised the creature, slowly pushing a collection of tentacles inside him. Hux whimpered as they displaced most of the oil. There were large and small ones, which branched off from the bigger ones and started to massage his inner walls. More than any of the cocks with bumps or ridges that he had taken. These things were prehensile, swirling around and rubbing against his slick passage as if looking for other, smaller channels inside him. "You're really soft inside…" marvelled the creature. The larger tentacles pushed deep inside him, hitting his prostate and wringing a sob from Hux. It pulled back slightly before asking, "Is that it? Your um…sweet spot?" Hux hadn't heard it called that before, but he nodded anyways. In fact he'd never heard it called anything before. He'd never talked during sex aside from grunting out one or two directions. He didn't have much time for reflection though. A tentacle reached around and opened to take in his cock. He gasped and mewled as the tentacle pumped it at a slow, leisurly pace and more appendages tickled at his balls and perinium. Other tentacles slithered over him, the soft fibers soothing his smarting skin as the went. They held him firmly though, ensuring everyone got a good look at him. From what he could see in his hazy vision, most but not all of the creatures were stroking themselves as they watched. Hux whimpered slightly as he heard someone call out, "Turn him a little. Let's see that pretty face when he comes." Hux mewled as he felt the tentacle creature comply. "You were a good lay, sweetheart," someone assured him. "Still cute even though he's been fucked out of his mind." "Has he got a place to stay?" "I think I saw him come down from the second floor. But should someone stay with him? Just to make sure he gets cleaned up and put to bed?" Hux nearly moaned at the thought of a warm bath and soft bed. He felt himself being turned so he faced upwards, his arms held behind him as he was moved, fucking him against the member inside him while other tentacles played over his cock and especially his nipples. Hux cried out and sobbed as he came dry, clenching down on the thing inside him. It must have been the creature's cock. All the little tentacles sprayed against his walls and the larger ones came deep inside him. Hux moaned at how full he felt, savoring the feeling as the softened member pulled out and he felt himself being righted and lowered. Hux, by some miracle, remained on his feet as a tentacle held up his clothes for him, "I don't really know why humans wear this but…um…didn't want you to forget it…and…gosh you were amazing…" Hux panted and did all he could to stay on his feet. The creature with the large maw, panting after touching itself came forward, "Uh, hey, do you need help getting that back on?" "I'm fine, Hux replied automatically, his hands shaking as he stumbled. His shirt was dirty, and he wasn't particularly attached to it. He might as well use it to wipe himself off. "Because you took a lot of cocks, sweetheart. You're looking a bit unsteady on your feet." "I am perfectly fine," said Hux, somehow getting his pants back on, another small miracle, "Just a bit tired, goodnight." "Shit…these mammals are either crazy or crazy sturdy…" "Goodnight," Hux repeated. He almost took ten full steps before he passed out and hit the cantina floor. Hux's first conscious thought was that his ass hurt. A lot. Nothing that would keep him from moving but it was very, very uncomfortable. His second thought was that the bed felt a bit strange. Immediately he realized there was something leaning on him, wrapped around him. Opening his eyes he looked down and sawseveral tentacles wrapped around him. The creature shifted against him and Hux could feel where it had chosen to slide its limbs. Around his thighs, across his hips, over his belly, around his nipples. That was right, this creature in particular liked his nipples. There was already light out, though Hux couldn't tell the time. He felt a tentacle cup his face, "I hope you don't mind…you passed out last night so we thought someone should stay to make sure you were alright." He was alright. Sore, but alright. The tentacles moved over his body gently, rubbing the stiffness from his limbs. They also couldn't seem to resist a few caresses here and there. He groaned at the contact, "Do you think you could go a bit lower? My back's stiff." "Sure," replied the creature. Hux hummed contentedly when it started working the knots in his back. The creature stammered, "L-look…I hope you don't find it creepy, me waking up with you like this. It's just…I'm not from around here. Among my own kind anyone who's into humans is…they think its really perverted…" "Well you seem to be in like-minded company now," observed Hux dryly. "I don't know if humans have something similar but…I've liked humans for a long time and kept it hidden. You're the first one I ever saw up close and got to touch. I guess…Maybe I'm trying to say thank you," said the creature. "If you don't mind my asking…why a human? Why not any other being?" asked Hux. "W-well…you've only got four limbs, so you're easy to hold and lift. I guess it's a dominance thing…your bodies don't have a lot of natural defences. No fangs or claws or poison, so your bodies are just soft, warm and accepting. And you…um…you stretch so…uh…a-and I just think humans look really cute when…you blush and you make cute noises…" explained the creature. "I see…" said Hux. He wasn't sure what sort of answer he expected, or why he'd even bothered asking. "Um…I'll go if you want. The shower's over there, so if you don't need any help…but, uh…" It very clearly wanted to help. Hux tilted his head from side to side, trying to get the kinks out of his neck, "Is the shower sonic?" "No, we use water or sand here. I think yours is water though. There's hot and cold, and you adjust them to get the temperature you want," explained the creature. Sand? No, that made sense. Some of the reptilian creatures must prefer sand baths to water. Hux slipped his legs off of the bed, which was large, obviously intended for something bigger than him. His feet felt a bit sore and he recalled something had been very…affectionate with his foot. He looked them over and found no cuts, but he wondered why anyone, even in his own species would fixate on toes. He rose up and nearly doubled over. It hurt, but it wasn't as bad as the sore, bruised and battered aftermath of Academy training. The tentacle creature wrapped a limb around his waist, "Are you okay to move around?" "I'm fine, I just need to clean up," said Hux, inspecting his skin. Most of the come had been wiped away, but there were still crusted spots. He sighed as he wondered if there was soap. Probably no shampoo since he might be the only creature in the settlement with hair. "Do you…would you like help?" asked the creature. Hux looked down skeptically, "I'm sore from yesterday so…I probably shouldn't take another-" "Oh, gosh, no I mean…not that I'd say no if you wanted to…and, um…I could probably clean deeper than you can, and faster," offered the creature. Hux nodded his agreement and let the creature lead him to the shower, "The things you wear are called 'clothes' right? Do you need to shed them again?" "I do," replied Hux. He looked around the shower area. There were a pair of knobs that seemed to control the water valves, and a large faucet attached to a hose. The creature briefly explained the knobs, twisting them to start the water spray before he asked, "Why do you wear them?" "You said it yourself, our bodies don't have much in the way of natural defences, so we make artificial ones to protect ourselves. These ones are fairly basic. They protect my skin from the sun and wind, and the boots keep my feet from being cut or stepped on." "I guess that makes sense," replied the creature, watching Hux strip again. As the creatur looked him over Hux sighed, "You can touch me if you're curious. It would be a bit late for modesty on my part now." The creature began to wrap its tentacles around his thighs again, pulling them apart to look at his sex organs. Hux pinked slightly as the sensitive area was traced and prodded. He hadn't expected the creature to just...grab him there. A tentacle ran over his pubic curls, "This is different from your other fur." "It's for protection," said Hux quietly as the creature prodded his limp shaft and reached around to cup his ass. It was squeezed and kneaded as the creature seized his nipples again. "You're covered head to toe in sensitive spots. You're…humans are so cute and responsive, and you…you're the prettiest I've ever seen. Is your colour rare?" Asked the creature, "Your fur I mean. I've never seen a human with this kind of fur before." "It is…it's a rare gene so…n-not many humans have this hair colour…" Hux tried to explain. His nipples were still tender. The creature took notice and swirled the soft fibrous tentacles around them. "You feel really good too. You're warm and your hide is smooth…" the creature looked up at him and shyly asked, "Can I…can I touch your face?" Hux nodded and the creature began examining his face. He had so many limbs it didn't need to abandon any of the areas it was touching. The creature continued to fondle him while stroking his cheek and raking through his hair. He touched his lips and Hux parted them to let the creature look and explore. The creature paused, "I thought you didn't like that." "I didn't want scratches on my face, and I needed to breathe," explained Hux. That seemed to be all the invitation the creature needed. He slipped a tentacle in his mouth and caressed his tongue gently. Hux felt himcself being lifted, legs spread wider, and flipped so the creature could look at his abused backside. Hux grunted his disapproval of the position and gasped as his hole was traced. He whimpered slightly as the creature marveled, "You're tight again?" Hux flushed slightly at the comment as the creature resumed kneading his ass, cupping and prodding his balls, stroking his cock, wrapping around and keeping his quivering thighs spread, flicking and circling his nipples, tracing over his hipbones and navel and moving its tentacle along the inside of his mouth. He let out a slightly fretful mewl as he felt himself becoming hard. "I was going to help you clean it but…maybe that would hurt too much…" mumbled the creature. Hux let out a muffled moan when he was flipped again. The creature positioned him to get a better look at his nipples, holding his hands behind his back to push out his chest. "Um…could…can I suck them?" Hehadn't been sucking them earlier? Hux squirmed slightly in the creature's grasp as it came closer. What must have been his face pressed in closer before the creature was touching him. Hus felt something rubbery latch onto the sensitive bud of his nipple and begin suckling it. He mewled around the tentacle in his mouth as he was groped. The creature released the nipple with a popping sound, "You taste really good…I heard humans smelled and tasted nice." Hux couldn't believe it. After being fucked longer and harder than he'd ever been before he was hard. He whimpered slightly at the feeling. This creature didn't need his permission. If it wanted to it could hold him, touch him however it liked, fuck him as long and often as it wanted. Hux was completely exposed and helpless and it felt…good? The creature moved him again as Hux squirmed from his arousal and embarrassment. It lifted him so easily, could position him however pleased just like the other night, and could see and touch whatever it liked. Hux mewled as it began washing him, tentacles working over his body and scrubbing him clean. They began circling his sac and brushing over every inch of the sensitive area between his legs. The creature stammered, "I'm j-just trying to clean you, honest. Are you really that sensitive?" "P-please…you're making me…I-I…" Hux began as the tentacle removed itself from his mouth. He felt hot water trickling down his body, soothing his aching muscles. "With my kind it takes so much more…n-not that I think you're easy! It's just, you're so responsive," said the creature. Hux whimpered as it spread him more, as if that would help somehow. Suspended, bound and exposed like this only served to heighten everything. Now all he wanted was for the thing to act on him. He keened when it touched his hardened member, caressing it gently. "P-please…I'm…you've made me…" "Sh-should I…?" asked the creature. Hux felt discomfort growing between his legs. If the creature didn't he'd have to take care of if himself. He was helpless, defenseless and it made him feel good for some reason. It felt like it was a relief, not needing to be frightening or in control. He could be needy and meek, just this once, and nothing bad would happen. He still felt slightly ashamed as he pleaded, "F-fuck me…please…" "I don't have your oil stuff…" protested the creature. "Soap?" Hux asked, surprised at how high pitched the word came out. "Look, I want to, but I really don't want to hurt you…" said the creature. Hux flushed slightly. He wasn't used to that at all. It was always in, fuck, out. Nobody cared how it was done or it it was comfortable. 'Fuck me please' was already more than he was used to saying. He found himself flushing and stammering, "To get it clean…and then…p-put more soap on my thighs…you can…f-fuck them…" The creature paused for a moment, then closed his legs. As it did it began lashing his legs together, binding them securely. Hux whimpered as it wedged a tentacle between them, "Oh…it feels good. You're so soft." Hux squirmed in it's grip, mewling, "Please…please…I'm…I need to…" It set to work cleaning him first. Despite claims that it wasn't trying to arouse him it seemed to go straight for the places that made him feel good. Keeping him tied up by the tentacles it applied the soap, which seemed safe enough for humans, and started with his nipples and chest. It Hux felt more soap-slick tentacles on his arms and back, but was distracted by the soft buds being circled and tugged rhythmically. More drifted down to clean his belly and hips. Hux sobbed as they took hold of his genitals again and began to massage them clean. "Please…please…" he begged. He gasped as a slender tentacle slid up his crack and prodded his hole. Others were playing with his ass, lifting or lightly slapping the cheeks before rubbing firmly. Hux gasped as the tentacle slid inside, "Oh…m-more…please…" Water trickled down his body, rinsing the soap away while he was turned, his back to the creature as it began to prepare his thighs. In the meantime it kept up its thorough touches, now massaging his scalp and wrapping around his throat. The creature wouldn't hurt him, but it could, and that seemed to be what was exciting about it. He mewled as the tentacles began to suck his nipples and something large pressed against the backs of his legs. It slid between them and Hux saw it. It was like a bundle of limbs, all prehensile, all slithering around his thighs and making him whine for more. The slender tentacle inside him had finished cleaning and was seeking out his prostate. When it found it hux screamed. It hurt, but it felt incredible. A tentacle engulfed his dick and began to suck and pump it in time with his nipples. Hux cried out and mewled, flushing and squirming as the creature pulled him tight against its body. "Y-you're incredible…feel so good…so sensitive…" it praised him, its multi-headed cock catching his sac as it fucked his thighs. Hux whimpered at the praise and could only moan and beg for more. The creature released his arms, "Would you t-touch me?" Hux responded immediately, combing his fingers through multiple heads, pausing to tease several slits. The creature responded as well, fucking him harder and faster, "So good, you're so good…so beautiful…" Hux came with a high pitched whine and fell limp against the creature. It kept using him, for a moment, manipulating his slack body for its pleasure. It came all over his thighs and Hux watched as the fluids ran down his legs and into a drain. "I think…maybe I should clean that part of me…save us from accidental stimulation?" "Uh…yeah…maybe…" "We were starting to think you died up there." Hux looked up as he descended to the ground floor. One of the snake creatures from the other night was by the bar. Hux briefly wondered what conditions would cause a creature who seemed so much like a serpent to grow six arms, but cast the thought aside. He shrugged, "I'm alive, as you can tell." He nodded and chuckled, "Still can't believe you tried to walk after all that. I heard humans were resilient, but that was something else." He slid a pitcher down the bar, "I don't know a lot about your kind, but I do know they need to stay hydrated. Drink as much as you need to. What sort of stuff do you eat?" "Technically we can eat almost anything organic, we're omnivores," explained Hux, "Of course, just because we can eat something doesn't mean we want to." "Right, well, we mostly eat insects around these parts. Grubs as well. Some like small rodents but…wasn't sure if you'd take offense, being a mammal yourself," said the snake. Hux shook his head, "Like I said, we're omnivores. We'll eat anything in a pinch." He didn't particularly want to eat bugs or vermin but if that was all there was, there was no helping it. He'd eaten worse during his survival training anyways. Hux peered over the counter, "I'll ask the chef to surprise me." The snake laughed slightly before calling over, "Roquo, surprise the human, if you don't mind." Hux detected movement in the kitchen and saw what seemed to be the other snake moving about. The one beside him explained, "I just got off my shift when I spotted you. Always thought humans were kind of cute. Didn't know if I'd ever see one again out here so I thought, 'the worst that could happen is him saying no'. Never expected you to be so into it." Hux supposed he could have said something at the time. They'd listened to him when he told them his limits. If he'd suggested only two or three of them enjoy him in private he was sure they would have obliged. He didn't have to stay in the cantina and let everything in it gangbang him. He wondered why he had done it, but couldn't really bring himself to regret it either. "See, most of us evolved to survive in a swamp. We're bred to be tough, but it has drawbacks. Kind of hurts the ego when you can't get someone off because over the millennia ol'mother nature decided to make it harder and harder to breed so's to weed out the weakest of your species. Then along comes a cute little human with sensitive little nerves and gets off on gentle touches," explained the snake, "It was kind of nice doing simple things like smelling and petting and actually seeing a reaction." Hux poured himself some water and drank it down. He barely got a mouthful before he realised how much he really needed to hydrate himself. After all the sex he needed to replenish his fluids. He had no idea he was this thirsty. He drained his cup and immediately poured another, nodding along to whatever the snake said. "Too bad you aren't staying. You'd be popular, and it's not as if you wouldn't get anything out of it. You seemed to be enjoying yourself a lot," noted the snake creature, "I mean, you can't touch all the places you like with just two hands. You and Gelous seemed cute together." "Who?" asked Hux, trying not to sound insulted. "You know, shorter guy, more arms than me, stayed overnight with you," described the snake. He slyly added, "And it sounded like you had a little fun this morning." "He tried to help me shower. He didn't seem to realize my kind is much more…easily stimulated than his," Hux tried to explain. "You're still one crazy enduring little critter," said the creature, pausing to rake a hand through Hux's hair and give his scalp a light scratch, "Suppose I really should have asked this first, but have you got a name?" Hux looked down, "Not one I should give out…" "I get it. You're taking a break from whatever you do and can't risk your reputation. That's fine, but is there something I can call you?" the creature asked. Hux thought it over for a moment. He didn't really have a nickname. His instructors thought up degrading names to call him, they did the same with every cadet. He didn't have a name he could give and this type of creativity had never been his strong suit. Hux shrugged, "I guess 'Sweetheart' will have to do for now." The creature wrapped a pair of arms around him, with one hand still tangled in his hair. It was still unnerving in a strangely pleasant way how small these beings made him feel. He felt a tongue flicker briefly over his neck when the creature replied, "Well, Sweetheart, I'm Faroc." "Good for you," said Hux sarcastically as he was pulled close and nuzzled lightly. "Think you'd ever come back for a visit?" asked Faroc. "It's uncertain…" replied Hux. He knew where he would like to be in the next few months and years, but he couldn't say anything for certain. "Well, if ever you're back we'll find a place for you. Least we can do really," Faroc snorted, "I mean, nobody even bought you dinner first." "No, I hadn't realized it was a custom here. If I had I could have gotten a free-" -slug… There was no question as to what his meal had once been. It was a slug. He had asked for a surprise and the snake creature certainly delivered. Hux looked for a utensil but found none. He'd have to eat with his hands. "That's my mother's recipe. Not sure if it's anything like human food, but I haven't had any complaints yet," said Roquo, evidently the cook. Hux took in the scent of it. It didn't smell awful, at least. Roquo muttered to the other snake, "See his little nose twitch? Now that's just adorable…" Hux ignored the comment and tried to figure out how to cram the massive bug down his throat. It wasn't going to go down in one bite, and there was no knife to cut it up. Roquo gave him a confused look, "Can't you unhinge your jaw?" "No," replied Hux, pausing to open and close his mouth, "That's as wide as it goes." "Huh…hold on, I'll get something to cut that," replied the cook. So he was going to cut up his food, as if Hux was some sort of child. At least he didn't have to rip into it like some sort of savage. "You should come back, if you get the chance," suggested Faroc, "If you ever feel like a having a home cooked meal and a little fun, we'd be glad to have you." Hux stopped. Have him...have him like sex, or food or... He looked up, "Was that supposed to be a pun?" Faroc grinned and scratched Hux's red hair, "You're not the only one with a weird sense of humour, Sweetheart." Show 3 comments