Prologue ~Foundling~ ---------- While on a recruitment mission to the outlaw planet Kallumond, Hux had first seen him. His large, innocent eyes looked at him with a kindness that no one had ever shown him before. “Are you alright?” He asked, putting his hand out to help him up from where he lay on the ground. Hux should have been embarrassed and enraged that he had been jumped and beaten by three--or was it four?--miserable, petty thieves, but the smiling face of that boy made it all seem utterly ridiculous. Hux started laughing, brushing himself off, “Yeah, but they stole my communicator and my ID. I can’t contact my ship.” “I can take you someplace where you can call your ship,” the boy said, “come on.” The boy led him into a dark, narrow alley. Hux would have been worried about being robbed, except that he had just been robbed and didn’t have anything left to steal. The boy knocked a code on an unmarked door. It opened. It was darker inside than in the alley. Hux suspected it was some kind of illegal club. It had a bar, a number of booths with curtains, and several small rooms that had curtains instead of doors. Patrons sat around several gaming tables and screens showed various types of live racing. It seemed to be a gambling parlor/whore house/drug den. Music played so loud over the staticky speakers that Hux barely heard what the boy was saying as he leaned over the bar to talk to the proprietor. The boy handed the bartender some credits then smiled at Hux. The bartender gave Hux a sour look, then slapped a communicator on the bar. Hux had never seen one like it. It must have been a hundred years old and Hux guessed that it was probably untraceable. He glanced around the room before making his call. The boy had gone over to a table and was talking to a scruffy-looking man. The man looked in his direction, giving him a distasteful glower. Hux proceeded with his call, arranging for a shuttle to pick him up, then thanked the bartender. When he turned back, the scruffy man and the boy were gone. He waited a little while to see if they would return, but the bartender kept giving him dirty looks, Hux assumed for not spending any money, so he left. He never got to thank the boy and never asked his name. ----------- Hux was sitting in a raucous, smoke-filled lounge when he saw him the second time. At first glance, he appeared lanky and awkward, but, even as he stumbled onto the stage, Hux only had to watch him for a few moments to realize he had an intrinsic grace that even opiates couldn’t dull. One man dragged him by a chain hooked to a collar around his neck while a second man held a chain attached to the shackles on his wrists. One of them kicked the back of his knees and he fell to the floor. The one holding the collar pulled his head up to show his features to the prospective buyers in the audience. The other man held his arms above his head and stroked his chest. His glazed stare, oddly parted lips, and hampered responses to the jerking and fondling made it obvious that he had been drugged--like all the slaves that had been auctioned that night. Hux had gone to Coruscant to meet with a faction leader that he hoped to ally with the First Order. He had been chaffering with some gentlemen who weren’t the most reputable, far from it, but they had no love for the Republic. Knowing the sort of people he had to make business deals with, Hux had become inured to some of the less savory enterprises they engaged in--such as the illegal slave trade. He hadn’t been paying much attention to the slaves that had been brought on stage previous. However, the instant he saw him, Hux lost his train of thought utterly--maybe it was a mirage or dream--he had dreamt of him many times-- Someone in the crowd shouted, “Twenty thousand!” Another shouted,”Thirty!” --Hux, captivated, hadn’t noticed that the bidding had started. Nononono, Hux thought, No, he’s mine--He’s always been mine. He gouged his fingernails into his palms--No one else can have him. He called out his bid, not paying attention to the current number, outbidding by four hundred thousand. His associates at the table all stared at him, speechless, shocked that anyone would pay so much for a slave. He knew it was rude to leave the table before the dessert ports were poured. He could find any number of underworld sects that he could lure to his cause, but he had been wishing that he would find the boy again for the past three years and he couldn’t wait one second longer. He excused himself and found the host’s assistant to pay him immediately. The assistant insisted that Hux please wait to procure his merchandise until after the auction concluded. Before a fight between them broke out, the host, a large, Near-Human with pale aqua skin named Davill Aurent, approached. “There’s not any trouble, is there, General Hux?” Aurent asked. “No, none at all, Esteemed Mr. Aurent, I just wanted to inspect my purchase,” Hux said, knowing that because he intended to pay him ten times what a slave would normally go for, Mr. Aurent would not be eager to upset him. “Of course, I would never sell inferior merchandise, but you are free to double-check that my very high standards have been met,” Aurent said. “I guarantee that you will not be disappointed.” Aurent led him to the back where the slaves were being temporarily held in small cells. His, like most of the others, sat slumped against the wall, his collar chained to the wall and shackles to the floor. When Aurent opened the cell door and Hux stepped in, he didn’t look up. Hux knelt and gently lifted his head. He was as bewitching as Hux remembered him, but he didn’t even see Hux. “When will these drugs wear off,” Hux asked. “Usually 12 hours,” Aurent said, “There may be some side effects after that for a day or so, but, take my word, he is quite healthy.” “Who was his previous owner?” Hux asked. Aurent laughed, “He didn’t have one. If you can believe, his own father sold him. The underhanded scoundrel owed me fifty thousand for a shipment I never received. He insisted on half the profit from the sale. A shrewd man, that one. I would have tried to bargain him down to a quarter if I had known he would go for so much.” ————— Chapter 2 : Captor Summary: ~~~~~@~~~~~ As much as he hated being a prisoner, he would rather live the rest of his life in a cage than be forced to spend another night with his captor. He couldn’t think of anything more demeaning or dehumanizing. ~~~~~@~~~~~ Hux brings home his new, most cherished possession. But it looks like it's going to take a lot of work to put this unruly slave in his place. Notes: wow. I can't believe the response already. I sure hope I don't disappoint anybody. Eeeeep! Warnings for: Non-consensual sex and non-consensual bondage. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) @~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~@ He woke. Vague, blurry shapes came into focus slowly enough to make him uneasy. A shooting pain stabbed between his eyes. An invasive hum throbbed in his ears. Something in the back of his head told him that he should be cuffed and lying on the cold floor of a cell, but he was in a comfortable bed. He sat up. The motion made him nauseous. It felt like his brain was rubbing the inside of his skull. He didn’t recognize his surroundings. What happened? What was the last thing he remembered? —Some men grabbing him and muscling him into a vehicle— He didn’t remember anything after that. As his vision began to focus, he realized that one of the vague shapes was a person standing over him. “Hey,” the person said. It was a male voice. “Hi,” he said. “Water?” The man offered him a glass of water. “Thank you.” He shakily took the glass and the man helped him tilt it to his lips. “What’s your name?” the man asked. “Ben,” he said. ”Ben Solo.” “Ben, I’m General Armitage Hux,” the man said. Ben handed the glass back to Hux. “I suppose I should thank you for saving me,” Ben said. “Saving you?” Hux asked. “Yeah, from those guys that grabbed me?” Ben said and started to get out of the bed. He noticed he was wearing nothing but a bathrobe and pulled the sheet back over himself. “They said my father owed them some money, and we got into a bit of a scuffle and...Oh! Where is my father?” Ben said, jumping to his feet, disregarding his skimpy attire. He instantly realized that he should not have done that, losing his balance as the room swayed. Hux caught him before he fell and lowered him back down onto the bed. “You were drugged,” Hux said, “You should rest for a while longer.” Hux got him more water. He sat on the edge of the bed and helped Ben drink it. Hux put the empty glass on the bedstand then petted Ben’s hair. That made Ben feel rather uncomfortable. “Uh, but I need to find out if my father’s okay,” Ben said Hux said, “The smuggler? Don’t you know? He sold you to pay off a debt.” “What?” Ben said, not believing him. “I bought you. You belong to me.” “You’re lying!” Ben jumped out of the bed and ran for the door. Hux gripped his arm, “Listen! I said I bought you, and I paid a lot of money.” Hux grabbed something from the desk and shook it in Ben’s face. A repulsion stabbed Ben’s brain, a memory, or a nightmare: A collar choking him as it was tightened around his neck--chains around his wrists--being dragged somewhere where there were bright lights and lots of noise. He lost his balance again trying to pull away from Hux. “I took this off to be nice, but if you’d rather I can put it back on,” Hux said, throwing the collar and chain on the table. He shoved Ben backward. Ben flopped on the bed. The room churned. “Let me go!” Ben screamed. He kicked at Hux as he scrambled backward, falling off the side of the bed. Hux grappled him around the shoulders and easily flung him back onto the bed. Ben twisted away from Hux, pulling out of the bathrobe. He shuffled off the other side, landing on his stomach. The room spun faster. His head pounded, and he gasped to keep from throwing up. It felt like being dunked repeatedly under water while being kicked in the head. He wasn’t sure where he thought he was going; he only had one thought in his head: Get away . Hux caught him once more and heaved him back onto the bed, this time landing on top of him to make sure he couldn't scurry off again. Hux held his arms down, straddling his hips. Ben screamed and struggled, but Hux seemed inhumanly strong. “I paid for you, and I’m going to get my money’s worth,” Hux said. Hux stretched across the bed to reach for something in the bed stand drawer. Ben clawed at Hux’s shirt. Hux grasped both of his wrists and flipped him over. Hux dipped his fingers into the jar he had retrieved from the drawer, and, holding Ben down with his other hand, ran his hand along his lower back then jammed a slicked finger into him. Ben gasped, stunned for a second. It felt so unnatural. He unwittingly stopped struggling, seized by a sensation he never felt before. “See, you like that,” Hux said. “No...no...I don’t,” Ben grunts. Wrapping his arm around Ben’s chest, Hux pinched his nipple. “Ahhh!” Ben shuddered. He felt his traitorous body responding to the sensuous touches. Nononono I hate this I hate this I hate this. “Your nipples have gotten hard from one little touch,” Hux muttered. As Hux kissed Ben between his shoulder blades and up to the crest of his neck, he ran his hand down Ben’s stomach, between his legs. “And you’ve gotten hard, here, too. So don’t lie to me about how you don’t like this,” Hux said, teasing a thumbnail along Ben’s erection. “Stop!” Ben cried. His lower belly clenched as Hux’s warm hand encircled him. “It’s okay, I’ll be very gentle with you.” Hux wiggled two fingers into Ben, groping until he found a spot that sent a jolt of pleasure through Ben's body, all the way up into his chest. Ben bellowed, his arms and legs giving out. Hux removed his fingers, pulled Ben’s rear up, and lowered the front of his pants. Ben felt something hotter and silkier than fingers nudge between his ass cheeks. Nononononononono-- Hux grabbed his hips. IhatethisIhatethisIhate-- Ben lurched, crying out, coming from a single thrust. “You couldn’t wait, could you? You hate it so much,” Hux laughed. ~~~~~@~~~~~ When Hux finished, he lay next to Ben. “That was nice, wasn’t it?” He said, putting his arm around him. Ben shrank away from him, curling up, trembling, bruises blooming on his arms, neck, and hips. The bruises made Hux sick to his stomach, so he covered Ben with a blanket. Hux couldn't sleep. He sat on the divan and watched Ben, troubling over why Ben hadn’t responded to him in the way he had hoped. What, did I think he was just going to fall head over heels instantly in love with me? When he left for work the next morning, Ben was still asleep, and Hux didn’t want to wake him. Hux grew more despondent the more he thought about how Ben had shunned him. He wished that Ben would return the love he felt for him. Ben was so stubborn, though, rejecting his kindness. It was because of his upbringing, Hux concluded, his scoundrel of a father. When Ben had helped him on Kallumond, his father had been angry and probably reprimanded him for helping a stranger without getting anything in return. Ben had been so innocent and kind, and his father had turned him into an unruly miscreant. But Hux wasn’t going to be dissuaded so easily. It was just going to take a bit more work than he had anticipated. When Hux returned to his quarters at the end of his shift, Ben wasn’t in the bed. He found Ben naked and shaking on the refresher floor. “Ben!” Those damned bastards, he must be having a reaction to the drugs they gave him. Hux touched him. His skin was freezing cold. Ben flinched. He groaned weakly, “no.” He’s afraid of me. No, this isn’t what I wanted. “I’m trying to help you!” Hux clutched Ben’s arm, yanking him to his feet, and carried Ben to the bed. Hux called a medical droid, who brought him medication to counteract the drug withdrawal. Hux watched as the droid gave Ben the injection. “Will it take long to work?” Hux asked the droid. “A few hours,” the droid said, “So that the medication doesn’t make him sick, he should eat something.” Only then did Hux realize Ben hadn’t had anything to eat since he bought him. He mixed up some protein flakes and hot water, and brought the bowl of mush to Ben. “Eat, you’re probably hungry,” Hux said. Ben shook his head, “I don’t feel good.” “You will feel better if you eat something.” “I don’t want anything.” “I said eat!” Hux shouted. Ben looked away from him. Hux sighed, “I know, I’m not a good cook. So if you’d rather go hungry, fine.” He started to take the bowl away. “Uh,” Ben said, “No, I’ll eat it, it looks good.” He ate it. As Hux took the empty bowl, Ben said, “Thank you, I do feel a bit better.” Hux smiled at him. Hux worked at his desk for a few hours, glancing over at Ben every few minutes. There could be promise for Ben, yet. After all, he ate the food I made for him--under a bit of coercion--and thanked me. By the time he got ready for bed, Ben was asleep. Since he did not want to wake him, he again spent the night on the divan. The next morning, Hux made Ben breakfast, reconstituted egg powder. Ben picked at it and said without looking up, “Please, let me leave.” Hux scowled. “Unless you can pay me back the five hundred thousand credits I paid for you, you are mine.” Ben sulked at the plate of food, setting the fork to the side. “Is it really so bad?” Hux grabbed a bite off the plate. “Look, I’m not trying to poison you.” Ben looked at him with such sadness that Hux had to turn away. “I have to go to work. Trying to escape will be futile. I would recommend obeying my orders, it will be easier for both of us.” Hux pushed the chain and collar around idly on the table as a reminder. He left without a backward glance. ~~~~~@~~~~~ Ben set the food tray on the table. He stumbled to the kitchenette to get some water. He felt better than the day before, but he still felt shaky and fuzzy-headed. He looked around for a knife or any kind of weapon, but the drawers, cupboards, and closet doors all had DNA locks. He tried the entry door, but it also had a DNA lock. If he could get the computer to work, maybe he could send out a signal to someone who could rescue him. His father was probably captured, too, but he could contact some of his father’s friends. Or, at the very least, figure out where he was. But, unsurprisingly, the computer was also DNA locked--Unsurprising, but frustrating. Ben yelled a string of curses in every language he knew. He pounded his fists on the computer console. He threw the tray of food. He kicked the front door until he wore himself out. There was nothing left to do but re-check all the cupboards and doors over and over. Eventually conceding it was futile, just as Hux had said, he plopped down to the floor, disheartened and tired. He looked at the tray of food he had thrown against the wall, and, feeling disgusted with himself for acting so infantile, he started to clean up the mess. As he picked up the fork, he realized it was the closest thing he had to a weapon, so he hid it under the pillow. His headache had gotten worse from his outburst. He slumped against the wall. He may not have been in a condition to fight, but that didn't mean he had to willingly do anything for Hux. If Hux wanted something from him, he would have to force him. Anxiety overtook his anger as he anticipated Hux's return. Then fear. Then dread. As much as he hated being a prisoner, he would rather live the rest of his life in a cage than be forced to spend another night with his captor. He couldn’t think of anything more demeaning or dehumanizing. ~~~~~@~~~~~ Hux entered the room accompanied by a droid holding a tray of food. Ben sat on the floor against the wall, his knees to his chest. Hux smiled, “You don’t have to sit on the floor, I have plenty of furniture. I got us some decent food.” The droid set the tray on the table and exited. Hux knelt in front of Ben when he didn’t respond. Ben looked glassy-eyed, apparently, he had been crying. Hux put his arm out slowly to touch him. Ben didn’t flinch away, but wouldn’t look at him. “Have dinner with me like a civilized being,” Hux said. Hux tried to pull him up, but he refused to stand. “Stop being so obstinate! I’ve been nothing but kind to you,” Hux shouted at him. “You want to act like an animal, then I’ll treat you like one!” Hux threw the food at him. Ben shielded his face with his arm but not fast enough. The flung tray hit him in the face. Hux went to his desk. “If you think pissing me off is going to convince me to let you go, you are quite wrong. I would sooner put a blaster bolt in your head.” After a few minutes, Hux turned back to him. Ben still sat in the scattered food, his head tucked in his arms. Hux said, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean that.” Hux called for a droid to clean up the mess. “Alright, get up and go take a shower, I’m not letting you in my bed like that.” Ben refused to move, so Hux dragged him into the refresher and into the shower. Leaving Ben in his robe, he turned the cold water on. “If you want warm water, you can stand up like a human being and adjust it yourself.” Ben curled up shivering under the water. “Fine,” Hux said and left the refresher. A few minutes later, the water turned off. When Ben didn't appear in the refresher doorway, Hux peeked in. Ben stood there, naked and dripping wet, hugging his arms. “I couldn’t find a towel,” Ben said. Hux rushed to get him a fresh towel from the closet. He looked at Ben’s face, touching the cut that the tray had made. He found some bacta in the cupboard and dabbed a bit on the cut. “That’s better,” Hux said. Hux smiled at him. He led him to the bed, laid him down, and started caressing his chest and nipples. “This is nice, right?” Hux said. Hux kissed him. Ben pushed him away. Hux grabbed his arms and kissed him again more vehemently. Ben's lips and tongue were just as luscious as Hux imagined they would be. Hux rubbed between his legs. “No,” Ben said. “Just relax,” Hux said, prodding with a finger. Holding Ben’s hands above his head, Hux reached for the jar of lube sitting on the stand by the bed. He released Ben to put the lube on his fingers. Ben swiped his hand under the pillow for the fork, but Hux caught his arm--And laughed when he saw that it was a fork. “What?” Hux said, “What are you going to do with that?” He yanked the fork out of Ben’s hand and tossed it away. “You still don’t get it, do you?” Hux said, pinning his hands. “Maybe it’s my own fault for not explaining the situation very well, so allow me to make things perfectly clear.” He got off Ben and fetched the collar and chain from the table. Ben scrambled off the bed, but Hux pounced on him. Ben tried to fight him, but Hux overpowered him, pulling his arms behind his back and sitting on him. Hux fastened the collar around his neck then locked the chain to the foot of the bed so low that Ben couldn't stand up or even sit up. “Let me go!” Ben shouted. He tried to pull the collar off, but it had an electronic clasp. Hux sat at his desk, and, ignoring Ben, concentrated on his work. Ben shouted expletives at him in a number of different languages. Hux ignored him for while. Then requested another tray of food. After the food was delivered, Hux sat at the table, eating. He brought Ben a morsel. “Are you ready to be a good boy?” He asked sardonically. Ben pressed his lips together. Hux jammed his thumb into his cheek, prying his mouth open, and shoved in the bite. Ben spat it at him. “Fine,” Hux said and went back to the table and finished eating. He showered and got in the bed, leaving Ben tied on the floor. Ben rattled the bed. “Are you just going to leave me here all night?” “I’ll leave you there longer than that if you’re going to keep acting like an uncivilized savage,” Hux said. Ben rammed and shook the bed until he couldn't anymore, then rested for a time, then rammed and shook the bed again. By morning, Ben had exhausted himself, so lay nearly motionless while Hux performed his usual morning routine. He didn't make Ben breakfast. Instead, he sent a request for a droid to bring him a hank of 6mm jute rope. Hux ate his own breakfast while looking over his data pad. The droid delivered the rope. Unwinding a section of rope, Hux approached Ben, but Ben flailed his legs at him. Hux stomped on Ben’s leg then grabbed his other leg, pulling it back to force him onto his stomach. “You were not a good boy last night. I do not reward poor behavior,” Hux said. Kneeling on his legs, Hux pulled Ben’s arms behind him and tied his wrists together. He wrapped the rope around Ben’s upper thigh and, bending Ben's leg back as far as it would go, tied the rope around his ankle so that his calf touched the back of his thigh. Hux wrapped the rope around a few times. He did the same with the other leg, fastening the end to his tied wrists. Hux then tied Ben’s arms as close together as they would go, all the way up in a ladder pattern. Hux got up, leaving Ben on his stomach. He walked out the door, saying nothing else. Ben rolled onto his side and yelled at him, “Wait! You can’t leave me like this. I’m...I’m sorry...please.” Hux didn't look back at him as the door closed behind him. @~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~@ Notes: Fair warning: It gets worse before it gets better. Much worse. Chapter 3 : Master Summary: ~~~~~@~~~~~ I hate you. I hate your cruelty. I hate your kindness. I hate what you've made me. I hate that I allowed you to do it. I hate myself. ~~~~~@~~~~~ It appears that Hux's reluctant new possession can be taught obedience, after all, it just takes a firm hand and a little persistence. Notes: Warning for non-consensual sex (and a lot of it. Somehow, I managed to put three sex scenes in this chapter). ~~~~~@~~~~~ If he kept still long enough and didn't squirm, his arms and legs stopped aching from the unnatural position, becoming numb instead. He had spent the night kicking Hux’s bed so was too exhausted to pull out of the ropes. The rope chafed and pinched when he wiggled. He eventually decided it was probably better to stay still. He was so thirsty, too. Also, he had to urinate. Hux was right, he had been kind, had made me breakfast and got me medicine. No--no--no, he has taken away my freedom, he’s violated me. Yet, that would have been the case regardless, now I am tied like an animal because of my own stubbornness. I could have had a warm bed, and a nice, hot breakfast. But I spent the night chained, on the floor. Hux would have unchained me if I had been good and hadn't kept him awake by kicking the bed all night--He would have never have chained me up at all if I had been good and ate dinner with him like a civilized person. Now I'm aching, hungry, thirsty, and have to pee. When is Hux coming back? When did he leave? How long have I been lying here? He may have fallen asleep once or twice, which he wouldn’t have thought possible with how uncomfortable he was. He didn't want Hux to come back--he didn't want to ever have to see Hux again--but he also didn't want to be tied any longer. He wondered how long he could be bound like that until the blood flow was cut off too long. His legs looked okay, bright pink, thankfully, not purple, but he couldn’t see his arms. It felt like an eternity before the door opened and Hux stepped in. Ben stayed still and quiet for a few moments. Hux removed his jacket and turned on the computer at his desk. He didn’t even look at Ben. He wouldn’t leave him tied there indefinitely, would he? Hux had already proven to be far more cruel than Ben thought anyone could be to another person. Would it be more of a risk to get his attention or to wait? He worried that if he didn’t get Hux’s attention, he would lie there for another night. And he really had to urinate. “Hux,” Ben rasped. Hux went to him and knelt down. Lifting Ben’s head, his eyes sparkling, Hux said, “That’s the first time you’ve called me by my name.” Hux unfastened the chain from the bed, pulling Ben up onto his knees. Ben coughed. “I imagine you might be thirsty,” Hux said stroking Ben behind his ear. Ben nodded. Hux went to the kitchenette and brought out a cold bottle of water. He set it on the table. “I’m a reasonable man. I reward good behavior. Will you be good for me?” Ben swallowed, then nodded. Hux shoved his fingers into Ben’s mouth. “Get them nice and wet,” Hux said. Ben resisted the immediate urge to bite him, repeating in his head, must be good must be good , and licked and sucked on his fingers. Hux pulled his fingers out of Ben’s mouth and, making Ben bend forward, slid them between his legs and into him. Ben tried to ignore the sensuous fondling and the pressure on his bladder by focusing on the bottle of water on the table. Condensation had gathered on the bottle. A drop slid down. Hux was then in front of him, again, naked. Holding Ben by the ears, he lifted Ben’s face to his groin. “You know what to do,” Hux said. “I...I can’t,” Ben said. He didn’t think he had any saliva left. “Well, we can try it dry, if you want,” Hux said. Ben squeezed his eyes shut. Hux nudged himself against Ben’s parted lips and Ben opened wider. “As wide as you can--no teeth,” Hux said. Ben wanted to bite him--he wanted to bite him so badly--but he slobbered as much as he could as Hux swelled in his mouth. Ben breathed with short, desperate sniffles through his nose as his airway was choked. Hux guided Ben’s head back and forth, pushing in too far a few times and making Ben gag. Removing himself from Ben’s mouth, Hux unfastened the collar and lifted Ben onto the bed, positioning him so that his knees hung off. Hux parted Ben’s ass cheeks and, as Ben started to slide off, used Ben’s own weight to help push him onto him. Ben winced out loud. Saliva didn’t make very good lubrication. It burned from too much friction. But that harsh sensation was about to be overcome by another-- A stinging, tingling sensation--blood rushing back into his arms--as Hux untied him. Hux moved down his arms, slowing unwinding the rope. When his wrists were undone, his arms hurt too much to move them, so he let them fall limply to his side. Hux then untied his legs. They were so stiff and sore, he couldn’t extend them right away. Hux rubbed his back and kissed the nape of his neck. Ben ached all over, sore and numb and tingling, but Hux’s slow movements began to feel good. He heard himself moaning and pressed his face into the bedding. He bent his elbows, his arms beginning to throb as the tingling faded. His erection rubbed against the silky duvet cover. The pressure in his bladder became a painful stitch. The soft caresses inside and out melded with the agonies and Ben wasn’t sure if he was in exquisite pain or terrible ecstasy. Hux reached around him, pulling his hips slightly away from the edge, and stroked him. Ben’s toes touched the floor. His legs tremored weakly, but Hux held him, pulling him into his thrusts. “Ah...yes...Not yet,” Hux said. “Not yet...Wait for me...Wait.” Ben’s entire body trembled. He clutched the bedding. He didn’t think he could wait. Hux rocked faster. His fingers grasped Ben tightly, preventing him from coming too soon. In Hux’s expert hands, clamping then stroking in precise timing, he and Ben came simultaneously. Ben gasped soundlessly, his brain short circuited, overwhelmed by clashing sensations. Hux let him fall onto the bed, easing him back up as he started to slump off. “You really enjoyed that, didn't you?” Hux said, kissing Ben on the back of his head, “And you were very good for me.” Hux got up and brought him the water. Ben was too tired and sore to lift his head. Hux helped him into a sitting position, then lifted the bottle to his lips. A bit dribbled down his chin. Hux smiled and wiped it with his thumb. “Thank you,” Ben muttered. Hux sat next to him, letting him lean on his chest. Hux petted his head and rubbed his shoulders and back. He kissed his hair and said, “You’re beautiful, Ben.” Ben could have fallen asleep there on Hux's chest. How can you feel so warm and gentle after being so cold and heartless? After a bit, Hux got up and pulled on his robe. “I have some work to do, but you rest,” he said. Ben curled on the bed. It was so comfortable, he wanted to fall asleep, but he still had to urinate. He eventually had to give in to biology and got up. His legs wobbled, and he grabbed the nightstand for balance. Hux helped him to the refresher, even letting Ben lean on him as he urinated. Hux wiped the semen off Ben’s belly with a damp towel, then helped him back to the bed. Hux yanked off the semen stained duvet cover and lowered Ben onto the bed, arranging the pillows under his head. He brought a fresh comforter from the closet and draped it over him. Hux worked for a while longer, and Ben drifted off. ~~~~~@~~~~~ Hux couldn’t bear sleeping apart from Ben any longer, so he slid into bed next to him, careful to not wake him. He brushed Ben’s lips with his fingertips. So pretty, he thought. And he’s mine, all mine. In the morning, Hux made Ben breakfast and brought it to him before he awoke. Hux kissed him. Ben startled awake. “I didn’t mean to startle you,” Hux said. “I brought you breakfast. It’s, ah, it’s not much, but I hope you like eggs...” Ben sat up, and Hux put the tray in front of him. Ben smiled at him and began eating ravenously. “This is really good. I haven’t had—” Hux grabbed Ben’s wrist. Ben dropped the fork and looked at him with wide-eyed distress. “What’s wrong?” Hux pushed the tray aside and yanked Ben out of bed. He pulled Ben into the refresher. "Your arms—” Ben’s arms, covered with bruises, abrasions, and broken blisters, looked much worse than they had the night before. “I’m sorry, Ben, I should have treated these last night, I shouldn't have let them get this bad,” Hux said as he put bacta on the wounds. “These are nothing, Hux. I’ve had worse.” Ben touched Hux’s hand and Hux looked at him, into those kind, innocent eyes that he remembered from Kallumond. Ben said, “You were right, I wasn’t grateful for your kindness. I’m sorry.” Hux finished applying the bacta to his arms and legs. “I have to get to my shift. Enjoy your breakfast,” Hux said. As he hurried out, he said, “Oh, and I’ll have some clothes brought for you.” ~~~~~@~~~~~ Ben ate breakfast and looked at his arms. He blinked as tears formed in his eyes. What am I doing? He threw the food against the wall and upturned the table. Have I actually apologized to my captor? Am I now eating his food and smiling at him after what he has done to me? Am I now wearing that monster’s robe and sitting complacently at his table? He screamed until he didn’t have a voice any longer. He knocked over all the furniture. He pounded on the computer console, but the screens remained black--coded only to Hux’s DNA. He may as well have been in a prison cell. No--this was worse than a prison cell. A beep at the door startled him. He cautiously approached the door and touched the pad, and, to his as astonishment, the door opened. Hux had left it unlocked. A droid with a case stood in the doorway. “General Hux wanted me to deliver these,” The droid said. “...yes, uh, thank you,” Ben said as the droid handed him the case. The droid walked away. Ben looked around. He had not been sure where he was. He knew that he must have been on some military installation from the way Hux dressed every morning. He seemed to be on a very large starship. Stormtroopers in bone-white armor walked by him. He had never seen stormtroopers up close before. They were as ominous and frightful as he had imagined with their skull-like masks. He felt suddenly very vulnerable as he stood there in only a robe. Hux had said that it would be futile to try to run. He did not doubt him. He closed the door. He dressed in the outfit the droid had brought him: A silk, button-up suit with a high collar and shiny black shoes. It fit him perfectly. He didn’t think that he had dressed so formally in his life. Well, now he could look dapper while he sat around being a prisoner. He tried to use the computer again, but it wouldn’t turn on for him. He tried the door, again. It opened. He wondered if it was some kind of test. Hux had chained him all night for refusing to eat, then bound him all day for kicking the bed. He didn’t want to think about what Hux might do if he caught him trying to escape. He may not get another chance like this, though. If he could manage to make his way undetected to a hanger, find a ship, lower the shields...all on own...it seemed too dauntless...he was sure to get caught. Another group of Stormtroopers turned down the hall. He watched as they walked past, their blasters held to their chests, at the ready. They didn’t acknowledge his presence, but, as he couldn't see their faces, he wasn't sure. They may have been eyeing him as they passed him. Hux probably instructed them to keep an eye on him, not to engage him unless he tried to run. He closed the door, a cold pit forming in his stomach. This is my life, now. I may be well dressed and well fed, but I am a prisoner and slave. Audacity, which had gotten him out of desperate situations in the past, wasn’t going to gain him any ground in this one. He knew how it worked: If he was good, then Hux would be kind to him; If he wasn’t, Hux would be very angry. He never wanted to see Hux that angry again. So he cleaned the room, righted the furniture, then he sat at the table and did nothing, waiting for Hux to return. When Hux returned at the end of the day, Ben got up to greet him. “Ben, you look exquisite,” Hux said. “Thank you, Hux, the clothes are wonderful and a perfect fit,” Ben said. “I’ve never owned anything this nice before.” “You look so good, I want to show you off,” Hux said. “I’ll give you a tour of the ship, then we can have dinner in the Officers’ Lounge.” He led Ben out by the arm. Ben walked next to him while Hux took him to the bridge. Most of the crew would glance in their direction only to then quickly divert their gaze. Ben felt every bit like he was being ‘shown off’, a luxury item, something to make the other officers covetous. Hux wanted them to see but not gawk. Hux took him to the Officers’ Lounge. The officers in the lounge were talking to each other casually with an attitude incongruous compared to the formality shown on the rest of the ship. There were even a few Stormtroopers with their masks removed—merely humans underneath. Hux and Ben approached a group of three officers—Ben was unsure of their ranks—and one Stormtrooper—a very shiny one—with her helmet removed. They all saluted the General. “Good evening,” Hux greeted them. Ben bit his lip and cast his eyes downward. An officer looked Ben up and down then smiled to Hux, “Well, General, we had heard he was pretty, but he is downright gorgeous.” “He looks a little shy, too,” said the Stormtrooper. “Don’t let him fool you,” Hux said, “he’s a real live wire.” One of the officers touched Ben’s arm. Ben flinched away. Hux protectively stepped between them, glaring at the officer “I apologize, General,” the officer said. “Yes, well, have a nice evening,” Hux said to the group and led Ben to a table where Hux ordered them both drinks. He looked at Ben with an adoration Ben didn’t understand or want. Why would a General of the First Order love him to begin with? And, if he did love him, why would he claim him as if he was a mere possession and treat him with the brutality that he wouldn't expect the First Order to treat even their most despised prisoners. It was a look of strange, distorted love that he could never return—That he would never desire to return. Later, back in their room, Hux petted and fondled Ben as he undressed. “You know, I think you’re even more beautiful without the clothing,” Hux said. He brushed his fingertips over Ben’s chest. Ben closed his eyes, trying to ignore how it made him feel. Hux said, “I’m sorry lieutenant Mitaka touched you--I told them not to. I’ll have him punished tomorrow.” “Oh no, it’s okay, you don’t have to do that,” Ben said. “It’s not okay. I have to keep this ship in a tight grip, I can’t let any disrespect by my crew slip by, particularly to my beautiful property,” Hux said, caressing Ben’s cheek and pulling him close for a kiss. It felt so good--but so wrong. Hux laid Ben on the bed and lavished him with kisses. Ben thought of something else, anything else, to keep from enjoying it. --Kissing every bruise on his arms—Licking and biting his nipples--small, gentle nips from his stomach down to his navel--Lips brushing the rope burns on his thighs. Ben thought of bar fights and smoky game halls and back-alley deals with people he wouldn’t trust as far as he could throw them. Pushing up on Ben’s thighs, lifting his legs apart, Hux shoved a pillow under him to get the angle he wanted. He spread Ben’s ass as his head went between his legs. Ben clenched as Hux flicked his tongue in and out. Ben clawed the sheets. He thought of trudging through a swamp when his father’s ship broke down, he thought of getting beaten up by gangsters who double-crossed them, he thought of— “aaaahhhh...” Ben moaned as Hux began massaging him as he worked his hole with his tongue. Hux then licked his fingers and inserted them. He wrapped his lips around the tip of Ben’s stiffening member. Ben tensed. Hux eased down on him until he felt the back of Hux’s throat, then slowly came up. Ben held his breath as Hux went down again, forcing his eyes to the ceiling, gritting his teeth. He wouldn’t allow himself to be taken by the moment like last time. It felt too good to be wrong--But it was wrong. Hux lapped the tip teasingly with his tongue, then sat up. Ben caught him grinning at him in the edge of his vision. Hux slicked himself up and positioned himself without turning Ben over. He was going to force Ben to look at him. As Hux guided himself in, Ben threw his head back. Hux grabbed Ben’s hair. “Look at me, Ben,” Hux said. Ben looked at him for a second or two. Then Hux withdrew and hammered in. Ben groaned and squeezed his eyes shut. “Look. At. Me.” Hux said, pressing Ben’s eyelids up with his thumbs. “Nnghh!” Ben whimpered. Forgoing making Ben look at him, Hux lifted Ben’s knees. Ben focused on the ceiling. I t will be over soon. “Ugh!” It feels so good. No, it doesn’t! It feels wrong. This is wrong. “Unngh!” No, it’s so good. You make me feel so good. You’ve destroyed my world, my life. I hate you! “Ooohh!” I can’t love you. I would be no better than you. “No!” No! Why does this feel so good? “Yes!” “Wait. Wait. Not yet,” Hux said. “I can’t!” Ben cried, “I can’t!” “Wait....now...now...nngh!” “Uhhnghh!” Ben came on his own belly as Hux’s orgasm shuddered through both of them. Hux collapsed next to him, putting his arm over Ben’s heaving chest. “You’re so beautiful when you come,” Hux sighed into his ear. They lay together for a moment, Hux breathing hotly into Ben’s hair, Ben staring at the ceiling ignoring the warm, lovely tingling in his lower body. Hux leaned over him, putting his hands on either side of his head, looking down at him. “Go take a shower,” Hux said and gave him a sweet kiss. Ben obeyed. As he washed off, letting the hot water pelt his face, he realized that he was crying. He had to find a way out. He had to find his father. He should have taken the chance he had when Hux left the door unlocked. He promised himself that he would take the next opportunity he got, no matter how slight the chance of success. When Ben got back into bed, Hux rolled off and took his turn in the refresher. Ben heard the shower. He got up and quietly checked the door. Locked. He got back into bed, pulling the comforter around him. Hux came out with a robe on and sat at his desk for a while, working. “Hux?” Ben said. Hux turned to him, “Yes, My Love?” A pit in Ben’s stomach burned at that monster calling him by that affectionate name. “As a favor to me, please don’t punish the lieutenant,” Ben said. “Why? Did you like being touched by him?” Hux said darkly. “He was only touching my sleeve to feel the quality of the fabric,” Ben said. Hux frowned at him. “Very well,” he said. Ben said, “Thank you.” The next morning, Hux told Ben as he brought him breakfast and sat on the edge of the bed, “I have to go back to Coruscant next month. If you are very good, I will take you with me.” That could be his chance to escape, Ben thought. “That sounds nice,” Ben said. “Great! I have business there, but when I’m done, I’ll take you shopping. We can get you some new clothes, anything you like.” Hux said. Ben nodded. They ate breakfast together, and Hux went to work. Ben sat at the table for a while then lay on the bed. If he could escape on Coruscant, Hux would never be able to find him. Even if his father had been captured, too, his father knew many people on Coruscant. If he could use the computer, he could send a message to let someone know, find someone to help him. Even if transmissions were limited, he could probably still send a coded signal. His father had taught him some of the codes that pirates used to send messages undetected. He tried rubbing Hux’s clothes on the console, then the sheet, but any DNA left on them wasn’t enough to signal the lock. He would have to be extra-pleasant to Hux and not let him become suspicious. Maybe he would unlock the computer for him--if he asked very, very nicely. For the next few days, Ben smiled and greeted Hux when he returned from work. Hux brought dinner, and they ate together. After, Hux pulled Ben to the bed, unclothed him and cuddled with him. It sickened him when he allowed himself to enjoy the tenderness that Hux showed him. It sickened him that he was a coward. A brave man would have fought ceaselessly, even if it meant pain or even death. He told himself over and over that staying alive was more important than pride or courage, that bravery would be foolish. Antagonizing Hux only made him tighten his grip. Ben hoped that by placating him, Hux would become lax enough in his vigilance that he could attempt an escape. Ben tried to be as gracious as he could, but when Hux led him to the bed, Ben felt like he was being led to his execution. I hate you. I hate your cruelty. I hate your kindness. I hate what you've made me. I hate that I allowed you to do it. His legs wrapped intimately around Hux’s waist, Ben closed his eyes and ignored the warmth of their chests touching and Hux’s arms around him, ignored the jolts of pleasure as Hux bounced him on his lap. He tried to pull himself out of his body, out of the room, somewhere else, anywhere else. He tasted a mild flavor on his tongue and warmth touching his lips--Hux was kissing him. He curled his arm over Hux’s shoulder so that he could bite his own fist instead while Hux ravaged his neck. When they were done, Hux kissed Ben on the forehead and said, "Sleep well, My Love." He put on his robe, dimmed the lights, and sat at his desk for a few hours to do his evening work. Thinking Ben was sleeping, he slipped into bed next to him, sliding his arm around him carefully so as not to wake him. Ben was not asleep, could not sleep, but he didn’t let Hux know. What would you think, father, to see me here, in this bed, sleeping with the enemy? He said you sold me, but I know that's not true. You may deal with some unscrupulous people, but you have goodness and integrity. I know you would fight tooth and nail to get me back if you knew I was here. I'm a coward. I've always aspired to be like you, father, I'm sorry I failed you. I wouldn't blame you if you hated me. I hate myself. He stared into the blackness until the programmed lights gradually brightened, signaling 'morning'. Hux, as usual, made him breakfast, something new, though, pan fried, doughy cakes. Ben thought they were rather delicious. Hux ran his fingers through Ben's hair. "Did you sleep well?" "Yes." "That's good," Hux said. Hux was in a cheerful mood, so Ben chanced asking, “Might I ask a favor?” Hux's smile flattened to a grim line and he glared at him, “Another one?” “Uh, yes, I guess. But, would it be possible to unlock the computer for me? I don’t have anything to do all day,” Ben said demurely. Hus scowled, his cheer evaporating and eyes darkening, “You don’t need anything to do. You need to look pretty for me, that’s all you need to do.” Hux got up and hastily left. Ben hadn’t meant to upset him. He hoped he hadn’t ruined his opportunity to escape. Moreover, he hoped that Hux wouldn't still be angry with him when he returned. ~~~~~@~~~~~ Chapter 4 : Subjugator Summary: ~~~~~@~~~~~ How can you say you love me when you treat me like I’m not even a person? Your gentleness, My Love, is even more hurtful than your brutality. ~~~~~@~~~~~ Hux was happiest when he could just be with Ben, feeling his warm body up against his, stroking his hair and listening to his breathing. It made waiting those years to find him again worth it. Notes: ah...l'amour* (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) ~~~~~@~~~~~ A cold feeling of dread grew heavier and looming as the hours passed. Hux was still mad. Ben knew it. He knew he was. Ben knew in the pit of his stomach that Hux was going to do something awful to him. He didn’t know how he knew--and maybe it was just anxiety--but he had to figure out a way to prevent it. When Hux had glared at him that morning, he had been more than displeased, he had seemed...saddened. Ben knew what Hux wanted from him, and he had promised himself that he would never give it to him. He would smile and speak politely and endure Hux forcing himself on him, but he refused to reciprocate any affection. Now, however, he had no choice. It was the only thing he could think of to try. It was that or face whatever torture Hux had planned for him. He showered. He was still unable to open any cabinets or drawers, but Hux had left a towel out for him along with a few toiletries. Ben had regularly used the teeth-cleaner but had ignored everything else. He dusted his body with the mildly scented talc, brushed his hair and tied it back, and dabbed on a bit of the cologne that smelled like leather and chocolate. He cleaned his teeth and used the mouthwash. He pulled on Hux’s robe and waited. Ben kept looking at the chronometer. As the time approached, then past, when Hux would normally return, Ben’s heart started to pound. Maybe something happened to him. This is a warship, after all. Maybe he won’t come back. Maybe a section of the ship was destroyed with him in it. Maybe he was sent on a dangerous mission and was shot through the head. Haha! That’s wishful thinking. No, of course he’ll come back. But why is he late? He’s late to make me anxious. He’s been planning something all day, and he’s only late to further distress me. Ben jumped when the door finally opened. Hux carried a metallic case that looked somewhat like tool box. Ben took a deep breath and, instead of his usual cordial, but stiff, greeting, rushed to him. Ben put his arms around him. Surprised, Hux dropped the case and hugged Ben back. Ben had the words ready and said them as genuinely as he could, “I thought about you all day.” “What did you think about me?” Hux said, petting Ben’s head. That you’re a sick fucking bastard. “That you were right to be upset this morning. I didn’t mean to sound ungrateful. You give me a warm bed, and beautiful clothes, and nice food, and I don’t want anything else. I’m very sorry. I hope you’re not still mad,” Ben said. Hux had a distant, thoughtful expression for a moment, then smiled and said, “It’s okay, Ben.” He glanced down at the case then back up to Ben. Ben felt a trembling in his chest. He was going to have to do more than just apologize. Ben knew it might come to this. He’d played it out in his head a hundred times that day, but now that the moment had come, he wasn’t sure he could do it. Hux was looking at him with his head slightly cocked, his hand on the back of Ben’s head as if waiting for compliance to an unspoken command. Before he lost his nerve, Ben said, “Can I make it up to you?” He took Hux’s hand and led him to the bed. Ben opened Hux’s jacket and slowly and deliberately unfastened his shirt--slow and deliberate because his hands shook terribly. He kissed Hux, letting Hux’s tongue rollick sloppily with his. Moving to kiss Hux’s bare chest, Ben slid his hands down his abdomen...and into the front of Hux’s pants. He looked up at Hux. He felt like he was being too obvious, that Hux would know this was a sham, but Hux smiled at him with that same look of adoration he had frequently shown him. Ben fumbled with Hux’s belt and inelegantly pulled Hux’s pants down to his knees before realizing he needed to remove his shoes first. Hux sat on the bed and Ben kneeled in front of him burrowing his face into his groin. Hux's prick perked up, ready for him. Ben licked it up and down and uncertainly sucked the tip. His stomach lurched as the entire thing went in his mouth. He squeezed his eyes shut and tried his best to keep from gagging. “Oh, Ben,” Hux moaned, stroking Ben behind his ears, threading his fingers through his hair. Ben tried to move and suck and lick in a pleasurable way while concentrating on keeping his mouth opened wide enough. To sell the act, he made small noises and grabbed Hux’s thighs. His jaw began to ache. He had to stop to catch his breath a few times. Gagging caused tears to well in his eyes and his nose to run. He sniffed discreetly. He figured out that if he used his hand, too, he didn’t have to go down as far. He could get a better rhythm that way, too. “Ah yeah, rub my balls,” Hux muttered. Ben did, rolling the squishy, hairy things in his fingers. “Mmmmm.” Hux twitched in his mouth. “Faster,” Hux said. Ben moved faster, but not fast enough. Hux held Ben’s jaw at the angle he wanted and moved Ben’s head at the pace he wanted. All Ben could do was open as wide as he could to keep his teeth from scraping. Hux stopped thrusting and pushed in as far he could. Forced to swallow, Ben kept his eyes closed and focused on relaxing his throat to prevent himself from full-on retching. After Hux removed himself, he smiled, but still looked kind of forlorn. “That was so nice, My Love, Thank You.” He kissed him on top of his head. “You enjoyed it too, right?” Hoping that Hux wouldn’t notice that his eyes were watery, Ben sniffed and said, “Yes, I like making you happy.” “You make me happy just by being with me,” Hux said, still petting Ben’s head, not allowing Ben to stand. Ben knew what Hux wanted him to say. Apologizing wasn’t enough. Oral sex wasn’t enough. Hux wanted something more heartfelt and meaningful. “I’m happy being with you, too. You’re...” Ben swallowed. He trembled all over. Saying it was going to be harder than pretending to enjoy fellating him. I can do this. This is no problem. I can lie to you, you’re just First Order scum. I’ve lied to dozens of crooks and gangsters, this is no different, you're just another criminal lowlife. Saying it doesn't make it true. He touched Hux’s cheek. “...you’re my love, my dear, sweet love. You treat me with kindness and want nothing except my love in return. I want to give you that love.” It ripped his heart to say that to his captor and torturer. He felt even more like a coward--and now like a traitor. No , I’m not a traitor. Saying it doesn't make it true. You believing it doesn't make it true, either. I don't love you. I hate you more than anything. It feels good to lie to you and I wish I could do worse. Hux’s expression changed from wistfulness to a heartbreaking joy. He pulled Ben into a tight embrace, sobbing, “Oh Ben! No one ever loved me before!” He kissed him, crying into his shoulder. You really are a sick fuck, aren’t you? When his sobbing subsided, Hux said, wiping his eyes, “I loved you the instant I saw you on Kallumond. I regretted never asking your name. I never thought I would find you again.” Kallumond? Ben thought. He hadn’t been on Kallumond in over two years. His mind was too scattered just then to try to remember if he’d ever seen Hux there. Hux kissed Ben mercilessly as he pushed him onto the bed to make love to him. He took much longer to finish than usual. He kept breathing into Ben’s ear, saying things like, “I love you, Ben...I’ve always loved you...you’ve always been mine...you’ll always be mine.” Ben’s stomach soured with every word. How can you say you love me when you treat me like I’m not even a person? Your gentleness, My Love , is even more hurtful than your brutality. He pressed his face into the pillows, glad that he didn’t have to look at him. ~~~~~@~~~~~ Hux nuzzled into the back of Ben’s neck. Ben smelled nice. He always smelled nice. But he’d put on some of the cologne Hux had given him, and Hux wanted to lie there and savor the scent, savor that Ben had done something for only him because he wanted to, not because Hux forced him to, reaffirming that Ben belonged to him and no one else. He wanted to lie there for the rest of the night, holding Ben close. But Ben was probably hungry. Hux muttered, “I didn’t bring dinner tonight. I’ll have to cook something. I know I’m a terrible cook but-” “You’re a great cook, you sell yourself short,” Ben said, “And, I can help, too, if you want.” Hux said, “Of course you can help.” There wasn't much to make except dry noodle soup mix. Hux snuck a kiss and a hug from behind while Ben poured the water into the bowls, overjoyed that Ben had confided his love for him and that he did it without any coercion. Hux had wished that Ben would love him, too, but he would deign to always love Ben even if he didn’t love him back. Ben had protested early on that he didn't want to be there, but he always seemed to enjoy it when they made love. It seemed that Ben finally warmed up to his situation, deciding that having a lover and provider wasn't such a bad thing after all. “Hmm,” Hux said as they slurped their noodles, “Do you like these?” “They’re good,” Ben said. “Huh. No, these are stale. They are probably three or four years old,” Hux laughed. “I’ll get some better food tomorrow. Did you like cooking with me? We should do that again.” Ben nodded. After dinner, Hux retrieved the case he’d dropped next to the door. When he turned around, Ben had gone white. Hux thought briefly that Ben might suspect what he had in the case, but there was no way he could know. “Are you okay, My Love?” “...I...Uh...” Ben said. “Those awful noodles didn’t make you sick, did they?” Hux asked, looking at Ben, concerned. “Uh, no,” Ben said and backed up slightly. Hux went into the walk-in closet and unpacked the case. He made sure Ben didn't see the items as he stashed them in the back of the closet--A bar with chains on either end, two leather cuffs, and a small winch. It turned out that he didn’t need them. Not that night, anyway. He wasn’t going to punish Ben for his earlier show of disrespect. Maybe another time if it happened again. If Ben continued to show his gratitude and affection the way he did that evening, he may never need to use them. Ben still stood frozen when Hux returned to the main chamber. “Are you sure you’re feeling okay?” Hux asked. Blinking as if he had been in a trance, Ben said, “Yeah...maybe the noodles were a little old.” “Do you need something settle your stomach?” Hux asked, going to the refresher cupboard to get anti-nausea medication. “Okay,” Ben said. Hux got him a glass of water and dropped some tablets into it that made the water fizz. “Drink that, after it’s dissolved.” Ben did. He had to burp a minute later. “I’m sorry!” He said, clapping his hand over his mouth. Hux smiled at him, “It’s okay, Ben. It’s just us here. But we may need to work on your manners for when we go to Coruscant. We’re going to be meeting some important people, some people I need to make some very important business deals with, and I don’t want you to embarrass me.” “Oh, of course,” Ben said, blushing. The next day, Hux took the empty metallic case with him when he left. He returned in the evening with a droid carrying a tray of food and one with some bundles of dry food items. The droids put the food away and set the table. Ben greeted Hux with a hug and a kiss. He was dressed in the suit Hux had given him. “Did you have a good day?” Hux asked. “Yes,” Ben said. “You look nice. I like when you wear that suit. It looks so good on you,” Hux said. Ben smiled shyly. “I like complimenting you, too, so get used to it,” Hux laughed. Ben’s eyes flicked to the case he was holding. The day before, that case contained the accouterments for a punishment--and Hux had graciously spared Ben from that punishment--but this evening, Hux brought Ben something to pass the time while indoctrinating him to the principles of the First Order. “Ah, I have something for you,” Hux said. “But after dinner." He set the case at the foot of the bed. Ben eyed it as if he expected a Garollian ghost viper to spring out. Hux turned Ben's attention to the table where the droids had set out the plates, two Bantha ribeyes. "I managed to get us some meat--actual meat, not dried.” Ben's eyes lit up when he saw the juicy offering. They sat to eat. The droids had put knives next to the plates. Ben shifted in his seat, apparently waiting for permission to use the knife. Hux felt that Ben had improved significantly from the day he tried to threaten him with a fork. He looked forward to the day when they could both look back on that incident humorously. "It's okay, you can use the knife. I trust you," Hux said. “This is the best steak I’ve ever had,” Ben said as he devoured the ribeye. "I called in a few favors to get this, so you had better like it," Hux said jocosely. Ben nodded and smiled faintly. Ben acted so aloof sometimes that Hux had difficulty reading his emotions. Ben rarely voiced his liking for something without prompting. That he had become more open and amiable to Hux the past few days was a tremendous step forward. When they finished, Ben left the knife and fork next to the plate for the droids to clear. Hux opened the case and took out his gift for Ben, an old holo player and some tapes that he’d borrowed from the ship’s archive. “These are required viewing for the children in the stormtrooper training program, but it’s the closest thing to entertainment I could find for you,” Hux chucked. He set up the holo player at the foot of the bed and skimmed through the recordings, selecting one and playing it. “Well, come here. I’ll watch a short one with you, but then I have to get some work done.” Hux patted the spot next to him on the bed. Ben joined him on the bed. Hux pulled him close, allowing him to lean on his chest. Hux was happiest when he could just be with Ben, feeling his warm body up against his, stroking his hair and listening to his breathing. He could have a brief reprieve from his stressful military life and just enjoy the moment as if nothing else mattered in the Galaxy. It made waiting those years to find him again worth it. “Do you like this?” Hux asked. “Yes...My Love, thank you.” “Watch these any time you like, okay?” “Okay.” ~~~~~@~~~~~ The days became routine. Ben counted every excruciating second. He endured Hux’s imperious affection and called Hux ‘My Love’ even though it felt like a stab in the gut every time he did. Ben couldn’t stand to watch any of the holo-recordings. Many of them were old Imperial or First Order propaganda. The ones that weren’t outright propaganda still blatantly promoted First Order ideals. Sometimes Hux would watch the holos with Ben and pontificate heatedly the greatness of the Empire and how the First Order was going to match and eventually exceed that greatness. Rhetoric about the First Order would often devolve into a diatribe about the Republic. He would get so passionate and so worked up that he would ravish Ben while the holos played, chanting the bombastic dialog and forcing Ben to respond in kind. “Do you pledge your allegiance to the First Order?” Hux would shout along with the captain in the holo, gripping Ben’s hips tightly enough to bruise. “Yes! Yes! Yes! I vow my life to the First Order!” Ben would reply in unison with the children stormtroopers, half overcome with pleasure and half disgusted with himself. When Hux was gone during the day, Ben would cry in the shower, letting the cool water run down his red, puffy face, repeating to himself, Saying it doesn’t make it true. It’s not true. I hate the First Order. I hate you, My Love. I hate you forever. Then, he would brush his hair, put on the cologne and the nice outfit Hux had bought for him, and wait. Hux would bring dinner, or they would cook dinner together, work on the computer, and have sex with Ben--not always in that order. He would make Ben breakfast in the mornings and bring it to him in bed. Ben made it through hour by hour, minute by minute, repeating in his head: Just make it to Coruscant. Just make it to Coruscant . Just make it to Coruscant. I’ll escape on Coruscant. I’ll be free. I just need to make it to Coruscant. until it became a dirge, not so much full of hope as desperation. One morning, Hux asked him, stroking his hair lovingly, “Are you getting bored during the day?” Ben shook his head, “No, My Love. You give me everything I need. The holo-tapes are very entertaining.” “Well, you may still like a change of scenery, so, as I promised, you can come with me to Coruscant tomorrow. Would you like that?” Hux said. Ben was stunned. Coruscant had become in his mind a mystical place in some dim and unreachable future. He had wished for this day, and now that it was here, he didn't know how to react. He didn't want to make Hux suspicious. “I, uh, yes, I would...I would enjoy going with you,” he said, stumbling over the words, but it seemed to appease Hux. Hux smiled, “Good.” When Hux was packing, Ben noticed that he put the collar and chain in his case. Oh no, Ben thought, he’s not going to lead me around like a pet while on Coruscant, is he? I've been good--really, really good. He didn’t say anything, hoping that if he behaved then Hux wouldn’t have any reason to collar him. ~~~~~@~~~~~ Notes: *Nope, not at all. Stiletto Ren suggested that Ben make advances on Hux in order to get more freedom. I figured he wouldn't be very good at it. Chapter 5 : Torturer Summary: ~~~~~@~~~~~ He looked through his reflection in the glass as if he was transparent. He felt transparent, insignificant. He had been nothing of importance before, but now he felt like less than nothing--Just a bauble for the General to hang on his arm. ~~~~~@~~~~~ Hux wants to prove to Ben what a scoundrel his father really is but ends up proving a lot more than he intended. Notes: I felt it would be easier for readers to avoid the major references to (non-con) incest if I split the chapter. If you wish to avoid it, please skip ch 6: Manipulator. There will be minor references later on, too, but feature most heavily in ch 6. Warning for the next chapter (ch 6: Manipulator): implied/referenced incest, implied/referenced rape/non-con (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) ~~~~~@~~~~~ They took the General's upsilon class shuttle and arrived at Coruscant in a few short hours. The planet glimmered as they descended into the nighttime city. They landed at a private port of a penthouse and were greeted by a species slightly taller than a human with pale blue skin and horns--Ben recognized him as a Chagrian. “General Hux,” The man said with open arms, “It’s been a long time.” “It has indeed, Lord Xorahhn. Thank you for your hospitality on such short notice,” Hux said as the man hugged him. Hux gestured toward Ben, “This is my swain, Ben.” “A pleasure, Ben,” The Chagrian bowed. Ben bent slightly forward in an awkward bow. “The pleasure’s all mine, my Lord.” “Please, call me Corullious, or, if you prefer formality, Mr. Xorahhn is fine,” Xorahhn said warmly. Two servants appeared out of seemingly nowhere, one holding a tray of drinks. Xorahhn and Hux both took drinks and Hux took one for Ben. Ben sipped the fizzy liquid--a very strong, carbonated alcohol. Hux told Ben, “The Lord and I have business to discuss, I’ll meet you in the Observation Room when we are finished.” He and Xorahhn exited via an elevator. “This way, Master Ben,” The servant said. Ben felt uncomfortable being called ‘Master’, but smiled and followed. One of the servants got their luggage from the shuttle while the other one led Ben to a different elevator, then to a room. “Is the suite satisfactory?” the servant asked. Ben had never seen a more luxurious room. About ten times larger than Hux’s quarters on The Finalizer , it had a ceiling Ben couldn’t reach and an enormous bed. Ben guessed that its size was to accommodate a variety of species that Lord Xorahhn might entertain. “Oh, yes,” Ben said, “It’s beyond satisfactory.” “Would you like me to unpack for you?” Asked the servant holding the bags. “No, thank you,” Ben said. “When you are ready, I’ll show you to the Observation Room,” The servant said. After they had gone, Ben opened Hux’s case, the chain and collar sat on top. He got a queasy feeling in his stomach just looking at it. He didn’t know if he should leave it for Hux to put away. Ben carefully looked through the case but found nothing else of note. What he expected to find, he didn’t know, maybe a blaster or something. The second case was empty, as Ben had only one outfit--the one he was wearing. Hux has promised to buy him some new clothes so they brought the case to accommodate that. He unpacked Hux’s clothing into the towering armoire, deciding to leave the collar in the case. He called for the servant, who must have been standing outside the door because he buzzed the door an instant later. The servant took him up in an elevator to the Observation Room. Appropriately named, its curved exterior wall and ceiling were solid glass, giving an incredible view of the sky and the city. The servant brought him a drink. He sipped the sweet, strong beverage and watched the city. He looked through his reflection in the glass as if he was transparent. He felt transparent, insignificant. He had been nothing of importance before, a low-life quasi-criminal, but now he felt like less than nothing--Just a bauble for the General to hang on his arm. He wondered if any of the windows opened. At this height, he would die on impact with the street below, painless. No! Why did I even think that? That’s a coward’s thought. I can’t give up. Father would be ashamed of me for even thinking that. I made it to Coruscant, the hard part’s over. I’ll find a way to escape. I just have to wait for the right moment and not give myself away too soon. Ben glanced over at the servant. He stood disconcertingly still next to a wall, looking directly at Ben in a way that felt attentive but not scrutinizing. The door opened and some well-dressed men came in. Ben turned to them. They were having an involved conversation. Ben knew about a dozen languages, but he didn’t understand what they were saying. From the way they occasionally looked at him, he got the impression that they are talking about him. Lord Corullious Xorahhn entered soon after with an entourage, but without Hux. Ben smiled at him politely. “Enjoying the view?” Xorahhn asked, joining Ben by the window. “Yes, it’s magnificent,” Ben said. “It is, isn’t it? This is my favorite room,” Xorahhn said. “Oh, do you like your suite?” “Very much so,” Ben said, “It’s probably the most lavish room I’ll ever stay in in my life.” Xorahhn smiled. He turned to face Ben. “I have a proposition for you.” Ben bit his lip nervously. “General Hux informed me of your...situation,” Xorahhn told him, “And I have an offer for you--to buy your freedom.” “What?” Ben asked, genuinely taken by surprise. “...I mean…” Xorahhn chuckled, “Yes, sorry to just spring it on you like that. I should have been more tactful. What I mean is, I will offer you a job which will eventually pay off your debt and you will live here until it is paid off.” “Oh, uh...what..um...what is the job?” Ben asked, anxious of the answer. It was probably going to be something illegal, or suicidal, or worse. It was worse. “You will be a companion to my guests,” Xorahhn said, glancing at the small crowd behind them. “Someone of your...quality could fetch upwards of three or four thousand a night, depending.” Ben stood silent, momentarily shocked. He could buy his freedom! His means of escape had just fallen into his hands. He could buy his freedom...but at what cost? What difference would it make? I’m already having sex against my will. But at the end of it, I would be free. No, I can’t do it. I’d be selling my body and that might be worse than being a trinket for the General. Given the options, I would rather be a slave than a whore. “Lord Xorahhn--Corullious--I appreciate the offer, but...I want to stay with General Hux,” Ben said, keeping himself composed, even though his stomach tied itself into a knot. He could buy his freedom, yet he was turning down his opportunity. He had promised himself that would take the next the next chance he got to escape, but he couldn’t do it that way. He had already been debased as much as someone could be, but if he had a shred of dignity left, he had to hold on to it. “Suit yourself,” Xorahhn said. “I hope you enjoy your stay on Coruscant, and as a guest in my house, feel free to ask for anything.” He winked, then left Ben to mingle with the crowd, which had gotten considerably larger since Ben last noticed. He stood by the window, hoping to disappear into the reflection in the glass. He saw Hux in the reflection, and turned, smiling. Hux held him around the waist, letting everyone in the room know who he belonged to. After some mingling and several more drinks, the guests were seated at the tables and served appetizers. A small stage and a podium had been set up. Hux noticed Ben’s curiosity. “There is an event here tonight, which is part of the reason I wanted you to come, not that I need a reason to want you by my side when your entrancing beauty is enough,” Hux said, leaning forward to stroke Ben’s cheek. Ben blushed. “But, anyway,” Hux continued, “I’m expecting someone to show up that you will be very interested in seeing.” “Oh,” Ben said, eating one of the little snail appetizers. It didn’t taste very good, salty and rubbery, but Ben swallowed it. “Do you like those?” Hux asked him. “Uh...” Ben said. “We can get some while we’re here to take back to The Finalizer ,” Hux said. Ben was trying to come up with a prudent way to tell Hux that he didn’t like the snails when the lights turned to the stage. The compère for the night’s event, the same species as Lord Xorahhn, spoke first in that language that Ben didn’t understand, then in Basic, “Welcome, gentlemen. We have some nice offerings tonight. Enjoy the fantastic food and drink and, of course, the amazing view. We will start the auction momentarily.” Ben’s blood suddenly ran cold. He had a dreadful feeling like remembering a nightmare, but only the emotional response to it, not any details. Hux finished his snails, and the servants removed his plate and filled his wine glass. The room filled with smoke and chatter as the crowd got excited for the event, puffing from death sticks and water pipes, drinking, and mingling. Ben felt nauseous from the smoke and drink, and the snails. And that dreadful feeling that felt like a rock in his stomach. The servers brought a salad course. The salad had tentacles in it. The tentacles were moving. Ben tried not to look at it. The compère came back up to the stage. “Thank you all for your patience, shall we get started?” The crowd roared. The compère signaled, and a man came out from behind a curtain, dragging a humanoid by a chain. Ben felt really sick. He stood up. Hux practically pounced on him. “I, um, I need to go find a refresher,” Ben said. “I’ll show you,” Hux said. He led him out of the room and down a hallway to the refresher. Hux went in with him. Ben breathed deeply and closed his eyes, leaning on the sink. He felt simultaneously drunk and hungover. “Are you feeling okay?” Hux asked. “Uh, I may have had too much to drink, I think,” Ben said. “Ah, lightweight, huh?” Hux laughed. “Yeah, I guess,” Ben said. Ben splashed water on his face. “Take one of these,” Hux said, offering him a small pill. Ben took it. “May I go back to our room?” Ben asked. “Absolutely not!” Hux said, “It would be incredibly rude to leave in the middle of our host’s dinner party. You’ll feel better in a minute. Now, we need to get back, it was rude of us to be gone this long.” Hux grabbed Ben’s arm and led him back to the Observation Room. Back at their table, the disturbing salad had been replaced by some kind of small, whole roasted bird, complete with head and feet. Ben and Hux sat down again. There was a new person on stage, completely naked, drugged out of his mind. The man holding his leash lifted his head by the hair so that the audience could see his face. Ben closed his eyes. “Look at that snow-white skin,” The compère was saying, “And eyes bluer than the seas of Corellia and--the cherry on this luscious sundae--this one is a certified virgin!” The crowd started shouting numbers and filthy remarks. This was the vilest display of disregard for sentient life that Ben had ever witnessed. Ben felt a sob building in his chest, more from his own tenebrous memories than from empathy. But, he did feel for the poor boy on stage. He only remembered flashes and a feeling of dread of when he’d been drugged and dragged on a stage like that, but seeing it as a whole, in a loud, smokey room, with men shouting and hooting, putting a literal price on the boy’s life, while swilling their wines and brandies, made it far more visceral. Hux brought him here just to torture him, to remind him that he was foolish to have hope, that he had no future but to be Hux’s...swain, as he had called him--a bathetic word for pet slut. Ben peered at Hux, expecting to see an arrogant leer, but he was not looking at the stage nor at Ben, he was glancing at the back of the room. Ben looked in the same direction. Around a large table in the back of the room clustered ten or twelve people, among them Lord Xorahhn--and Han Solo. At seeing his father, Ben nearly bolted from the table. But then decided that would be a suicidal move considering that it would probably end in blasters being drawn, and he didn't know how many people in the room would side with Hux. Han did not notice Ben. He hollered a few things at the stage before returning to chatting and laughing with the other men at the table. When Ben had been captured, he thought that his father must also have been captured or at the very least, injured. What was he doing here of all places? Yes, he and his father did engage in some questionably legal activities but never anything involving the slave trade. Hux wanted him to know that his father was there but didn’t want Ben to confront him. Hux meant this to be part of his torture, to show him that his father was colluding with such despicable underworld villains. On the stage, a Togruta girl was being brought out, glassy-eyed and stumbling, as drugged as the previous slaves. Ben looked back to the table where Han Solo sat. Han hooted. He seemed to be interested in the bidding on this girl when he hadn’t been paying any attention to the bidding at all previously. Men shouted numbers in Basic and some other languages, and Ben wasn’t sure what the winning amount had been. Han looked very happy, though, hollering as the handler dragged the girl off the stage. Their plates were taken away and replaced by a cheese and jam course. Ben was relieved not to have to look at that roasted bird face any longer. The pill Hux had given him had helped with his nausea, but his stomach still felt tight and he still felt light-headed, he assumed from the smoke. He sipped some water. Another slave was being pulled on stage, a young male. Ben looked back to the table. Han and the rest of them had all returned to their lively chatting, drinking, and smoking. Ben sipped some more water. He felt overly warm. The room had gotten unbearably stuffy from the smoke and the body heat of so many occupants. Or maybe Ben’s elevated temperature came from a swelling rage. Rage at Han for participating in this disgusting affair, rage at a Hux for forcing him to watch it, and rage at himself for being powerless to do anything about any of it. He was enraged by the entire situation. He clenched his water glass so tightly it shattered in his hand. “What are you doing?” Hux hissed. Ben looked at his bloody hand, “I-I’m sorry.” Hux yanked him out of his seat and pulled him back out to the hallway then pushed him into the refresher. Hux looked in the cabinets for bandages while Ben ran his hand under the water. Hux found the first-aid supplies and slammed the box down on the countertop. “You think it’s really funny to embarrass me like this, don’t you?” Hux said as he dabbed the bacta on his cuts. “No, My Love, I don’t know what happened,” Ben said. “You’re an ill-mannered, impudent lout, that’s what happened,” Hux said, laying a self-sticking bandage over one of the cuts. “Yes, you’re right, I’m very sorry,” Ben said. When Hux finished bandaging the cuts, Ben kissed him and said, “Thank you, My Love.” “Try a little harder to be civilized, ok?” Hux said, his voice softening, squeezing his shoulders in a chilly hug. “I will,” Ben said. His stomach was in a cold, tight knot as they walked back to the auction. Ben hoped that Hux’s hug had meant that he forgave him. Hux was obviously not going to punish him here, it would disrespect their host, but he wasn’t sure if that courtesy extended to the entire house--to their private room. When they re-entered the Observation Room, the auction was starting on the last slave of the night. Ben glanced at the big table, but both Xorahhn and Han were gone. Hux led him back to his seat. The servants had cleared the broken glass and brought them dessert and an after-dinner port. Hux swallowed his port in one swig and signaled for a refill. When the final slave had been bought, the compère said, “Thank you all for attending tonight. Your host, Lord Xorahhn, invites you all to stay for the after-dinner entertainments available on floors seven through fourteen. There is something sure to please everyone. Stay as long as you like and leave satisfied. Guests that have winning bids, please see me or Master Goruld to make arrangements to acquire your merchandise.” The guests started to get up and mingle before leaving out of one of the two doors on either side of the room. “Do you believe me about your father, now?” Hux said when the room had cleared out. Ben shook his head, running his finger along his port glass, “No, that didn’t prove anything. You don’t have any proof that he sold that girl, or that he sold me,” Ben said. “It proves that he hangs around with some extremely deplorable people, though, doesn’t it?” You’re here, too, My Love. Amused or irritated at Ben’s lack of response, Hux laughed, “You really are that stubborn, aren’t you? It’s right in front of your face, and you still refuse to see it.” Ben looked toward the window, the gleaming city vast yet still out of reach. He had made it to Coruscant but felt even further from freedom than he had on The Finalizer . If he escaped, where would he go? Back to Han Solo? No--not if Hux was right. Could Hux be right? Had he actually been selling slaves? For how long? How many? He could probably track down his mother. He hadn’t seen her for several years since she and Han broke up. She still lived on Coruscant. He would have to tell her about what he knew about Han, but he would worry about that when--if--that time came. Hux sighed. “Listen, would you like to go play some sabacc? I’m sure they have a table or two downstairs.” Ben shook his head, “I’m not feeling very well. I’d rather just go back to our room.” To Ben’s disbelief, Hux said, “Very well. I’m going to go downstairs, I still have some consorting to attend to. For some reason, malefactors seem to be more willing to make deals over card games. I’ll meet you back in the room later.” Hux left as the servants came in to clear the tables. Ben sat at the table for a moment, dubious of Hux’s willingness to leave him alone there, thinking that Hux must have an ulterior motive. He looked out at the city once more before exiting out of the door toward their room. No one else was in the hallway. He took the elevator down to the floor their room was on. Then, to avoid running into anyone on the elevator, he located the stairs and took them down a number of flights. He was sure that there were probably guards at the exit of the building, and if there were, he would sneak back up, but if not, he would be out and free. He heard what sounded like a lively party outside the door on one floor. As he rushed past the door on the next floor down he heard steps and voices coming from below, so he slipped into the door, down the blue, glowing hallway, and around a corner. He heard the stair door open and the footsteps move toward him. He could try to make a run for the other end of the hallway, but they were sure to see him before he got there. He could feign interest in whatever party was going on upstairs and pretend to be headed in that direction. Maybe they wouldn’t even question why he was there at all. He wasn’t sure why he was so nervous. He was a guest of the house, too, after all. Two very large, brutish-looking, grey-skinned men turned the corner. “Ah, here he is!” One of them said. “Away from your Master, are you? That’s very dangerous, you know.” The other grinned, showing a mouth full of sharp teeth. ~~~~~@~~~~~ Notes: Warning for the next chapter (ch 6: Manipulator): implied/referenced incest, implied/referenced rape/non-con Chapter 6 : Manipulator Summary: ~~~~~@~~~~~ You are the one who destroyed me, My Love. But I can do nothing to hurt you the way you have hurt me. ~~~~~@~~~~~ Notes: I went back and forth on this chapter, probably putting more consideration into it than a fic that is basically porn deserves. I realized that I had originally written it for shock value. I debated whether to take it out or leave it. I wanted something shattering to push Ben over the edge, but there are many other things that could do that, too. So, as it is here, I leave it to you, gentle readers, to decide the extent. It is vague enough that it could be either way, but, in the end, it's Ben's perceptions that shape his future. I've changed the warnings and tags to "implied", so do with that what you will. Warning for non-con and implied incest. In case it wasn't clear by the tags or the warning, OOC for Han. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) ~~~~~@~~~~~ The two huge men towered over him. "I'm, uh, I'm just on my way to the party," Ben stammered. He was already backing up, ready to run. "Yes, you are." One of the men reached for him. Ben ran. He made it halfway down the hall when something stabbed him in the back, stunning him. He hit the floor and the next thing he realized, he was being wrestled into the stairwell and up the stairs. He screamed, “Let me go! Huuuxxx! Heeelllp!” They pushed him into a dim, smoky, noisy room. He kicked and screamed as he was dragged through the mass of people. “HELP! STOP! PLEASE HELP!” Why is nobody helping? He caught sight of Han Solo in the crowd. “FATHER! HELP!” A gag was stuffed into his mouth and a pillowcase pulled over his head. Rough hands held him down on a sofa, tied his hands behind his back and tugged his pants down. The gag muffled his next screams as a fat finger pushed something into him. “You will be enjoying it very soon.” As it dissolved a warm tingling flooded his body. He felt dizzy. The sofa felt like it was swaying. Warmth swirled in his lower belly and groin. He became grossly aware of his body. Every bead of sweat amplified his sensitivity. His head was buzzing. He could barely understand what the voices were saying, making out a few lewd and disgusting comments as his ears warped the sounds of music and laughter and chatter into a nauseating babbling. “Oh, he’s a lively one.” “It’s more fun when they’re awake.” He tried to yell again for his father, but it came out an incomprehensible, drooling groan. His head throbbed from the hideous cacophony and his nerves crackled like he’d been touched by a branding iron as a hot hand touched his lower back. @~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~@ The raucous noise crescendoed as the shouting intensified. And, was that blaster fire? Ben’s head swam from the noise and scent of smoke and body odors that crept through the pillowcase. Bile stung the back of his throat. He wasn’t getting enough air. Mostly he heard his own harsh breathing, but he was certain he had heard blaster fire. Yes! There was more of it, and more shouting and scrambling, and a large mass hitting the floor, then he heard Hux yelling, “I’ll have the rest of you strung up by your cocks!” A moment later a hand was placed under Ben’s chin, the pillowcase pulled off his head. Hux then untied the gag and yanked it off. Ben gasped for fresh air. Hux cradled Ben’s head and Ben cried uncontrollably. “It’s okay, it’s okay, I'm here,” Hux said as he untied Ben, letting him crawl into his lap. Hux stroked his hair and kissed his head. Ben cried into Hux’s chest, holding him as if for dear life. He couldn’t make words, not that he would say what he was thinking. Not that he could tell Hux what a monster he was. Why, My Love? Why? How could you do this when you say you love me? I didn’t think it was possible for someone to be as cruel as you are, My Love. I can’t stand it anymore. I hate you so much. You can’t comprehend how much I hate you. I can’t think of a word strong enough to describe my hatred for you. My hatred is beyond words. Ben clung to Hux and hated himself for it. Hux held him and rubbed his back gently until Ben made himself sick from crying. He helped him to the refresher. Retching made his stomach hurt worse. “Shhh, My Love, it’s all right now, I have you,” Hux said. “Don’t worry, they’ll be taken care of, I promise.” Ben didn’t remember going back to their room. “You’re burning up.” Hux drew him a lukewarm bath. As Hux helped him in, Ben flashed back to when he was a kid--He realized he hadn’t had a real bath since he was ten. Falling into that memory, and into the cool water helped distract from his burning skin. Hux washed his back and chest, then his hair, his touch gentle, the water soothing the screaming, raw awareness of his body. “Do you feel better?” Hux asked as he dried him. Ben nodded. The towel felt unbearably coarse, but Ben didn't want to tell Hux. His brow twitched and he began crying again. Hux guided him to the bed and covered him with the feather comforter. He lay down next to him. Ben wrapped his arms around him, even though the nearness of Hux’s warm body was throttling. Ben hated him so much, but he needed something, anything, to hold onto right now. Hux spoke softly to him, “Ben, I’m so sorry. This is all my fault. I should never have brought you here. I should never have left you alone.” Ben wished he could escape his body, overwrought by a discordance of sensations. Burning yet freezing. Limbs numb yet painfully itchy. Stomach sore. Ears ringing. Every touch agony yet ecstasy. He panted and writhed and shivered, overheated and over-stimulated but craving Hux’s touch like he was starving for it. “Hey, Ben, what's the matter? Did they give you something?” Hux asked. Ben nodded, unable to make more than guttural groans. “Oh, My Love, I’m so sorry I got you into this. I can..I mean...Will you let me help you through it?” No. No, that would make no better than you. If I use you to satisfy this wicked craving, that would prove that I’m just as immoral and obscene as you are. If I have a shred of dignity, I have to hold onto it. Hux touched him and the sensation quavered through his body. “I can see you’re in agony, My Love. Please let me help you.” Ben clutched the sheets. I have to hold onto it. He panted hotly, arching his back from the sparking tingling of Hux’s hands on his stomach. I have to hold onto it. Hux’s lips and tongue were soft and sensuous, softer and more sensuous than anything he ever felt before. I have to… The intensity of sensations bloomed into radiating euphoria, a pleasure becoming bigger than himself. Every nerve vibrated as if it touched the air around him, mingling with the vibrations emanating off--out of--Hux like breath filling his lungs and flowing out again. Even with his eyes closed tight, he could envision an aura around them, dancing and pulsating. He felt less attached to his own body and more to everything around him. He wanted to stay in that moment for eternity. @~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~@ Ben eyes slid open the next morning to the sound of Hux setting the breakfast tray by the bed. “How are you feeling?” Ben looked at him--he felt vague and foggy-headed. He should have felt furious, or distraught, or something, but emotionally, he felt hollow, emptied. Physically, his stomach fluttered, his head throbbed, his throat hurt to swallow, his eyes hurt to blink, and every muscle felt like a lead weight. “After you have breakfast, I have a surprise for you,” Hux said. Ben’s stomach dropped. The way Hux said it made him ill. “Thank you, My Love, but I don’t think I can eat right now,” Ben said, his voice hoarse. “That’s all right. You should at least drink some water,” Hux said. Ben did, and Hux gave him some medicine for his headache. After some urging by Hux, Ben got out of bed and put on his outfit, noticing the bloodstain on the sleeve from when he cut his hand on the glass. Hux said, “Borrow one of my jackets, for now, we’ll get you some new clothes later.” Ben went to the armoire and got Hux’s extra jacket. He noticed the collar and chain had been set out on the vanity. “Are you sure you don’t want anything to eat?” Hux said as they exited their suite. “I'm sure,” Ben said. Hux led him down in the elevator to the blue hallway. Ben balked. Hux shoved him front of him and pushed him into a dark room. It took a moment for Ben’s eyes to adjust to the dimness, then he saw three slumped men tied to chairs. They had been stripped naked and each man had a cord wrapped around his genitals, stretching their respective manhoods out like a torture rack. They all had pillowcases over their heads and cuts and bruises across various parts of their bodies, someone had given them quite a beating. Holding Ben by the shoulders, Hux said, “These are the men who assaulted you. I managed to shoot one last night, but the rest fled. However, it wasn't hard to extort who the perpetrators were, criminals so easily betray fellow criminals.” He pushed Ben closer to the men. The glint of knives on a table let Ben know what Hux wanted him to do. “Go ahead,” Hux said, “It’ll make you feel better.” One of the men shouted, his voice muffled from the pillowcase, but still clearly recognizable, “Hey, you piece of filth, once Lord Xorahhn hears about this, he’ll have your head. He and I are friends from waaay back.” Ben backed away. No. It’s not true. He wasn’t one them. He couldn’t have been one of them. “It’s very easy. One little cut and they’ll never be able to do to anyone else what they did to you. Watch, I’ll show you,” Hux said, snatching up a knife swinging it down on the man that Ben knew was his father. “No!” Ben grabbed his arm before it struck. Hux threw him to the floor. “Why show them mercy?” Hux said. “I...I…” Ben swallowed. Oh, My Love, just when I think you’ve done the worst possible thing to me, you do something infinitely worse. “Why not exact revenge? They’re disgusting excuses for life. You’d be doing the Galaxy a service.” Ben stood up and nodded. Hux pushed the knife handle into his hand. Ben turned toward his father. Hux stood close behind him. As much as he hated his father right then, he could not mutilate him. The more anger he felt towards his father, the more he was pulled back into that smoky, noisome room, so he had to channel his rage elsewhere. All his torment and fury funneled to Hux. And with cause. Hux had set the entire thing up, he had to have, otherwise, how had he found him? He wondered if he could beat Hux in a knife fight. Probably not. He might be able to get in one or two hits before Hux could draw his blaster. However, if his aim was true, maybe he could hit Hux in the throat. And it would all be over. There’s no other option. Stab you, My Love, or stab my father. He spun, swinging the blade with full force, but Hux caught his arm. Shit! Ben kicked Han’s chair. It fell in front of Hux, who let go of Ben’s wrist to catch his balance. Ben swiped the knives from the table and ran out the door. Stupid, stupid, stupid, this was really stupid. Ben raced down the hall as fast as he could. He turned down another hall. Shit! Panicking, he forgot how to get to the lower floors. He turned a corner, tears streaming down his face, dropping all but one of the knives. He pushed through a door, hoping that it led to a staircase. It did and he fell down the first flight. Scrambling to his feet, he bounded down the rest. He ran down several flights until the stairs terminated. He slammed into the door. Locked. He ran back up one flight. Locked. He ran back up one more flight. He pushed the door, it opened and he peered out. The was a door--what looked like a big, front door--on the other side of the large room. The room appeared empty, so he made a run for it, expecting any second to be tackled or shot. He flung open the large door and on the other side was the open street, pedestrians and vehicles casually passing by. He turned, catching his breath. No one was behind him, the entry hall was quiet. He had expected that Hux would have chased him or called guards or something. He looked at the knife he was still holding. This wasn’t preventing Hux from harming Han Solo. Hux had his blaster. And even so, Hux could come up with more creative ways of hurting someone. He ran back into the building and up the stairs. What the fuck am I doing? Hux would punish him for sure, thinking back to what he had done when Ben pulled a fork on him, but there was no possible thing he could do that was worse than what he’d already done to him. Tears blurred his vision, and the air burned his lungs as he ran back up the steps, returning to the floor with the blue hallways. He easily found his way back to the room, led by the screams. He approached the still-open door, his heart pounding in his ears, and peered into the dark room. Hux was standing over one of the men, his blaster muzzle pressed to the man’s stretched prick. The man was begging for mercy. Hux fired. The man screeched. Hux kicked his chair over. Another man was already on the floor screaming in agony. Han Solo’s chair was still knocked over, and Han was struggling to get out of his bonds, but Ben didn’t think that he had been harmed. Hux knew that Ben was standing in the doorway because he went over to Han and put his blaster to his head. “Don’t!” Ben yelled. He rushed in and fell at Hux’s feet, wrapping his arms around his legs. “Please, please, My Love, please don’t hurt him, I-I know he’s a terrible person that doesn’t d-deserve to live, but...but he’s my father,” Ben sobbed. “Ben?” Han asked, his head still covered with the pillowcase. Hux huffed, glaring at Han with more fury than Ben had before seen in his eyes. “Please, I’ll do whatever you ask...I...I p-promise I will never try to run a-again, just please spare him,” Ben pleaded. Hux yanked the pillowcase off Han’s head. “You want to spare this monster? After what he did to you? Why? Because he’s your father? That’s all the more reason for revenge.” Hux yelled over the wailing of two mutilated men. “Ben!” Han said, Ben looked at him. He couldn’t be one of them. But, even if he wasn’t one of them, he had been there, had allowed it to happen. Did he even know? The crowd had been large and loud. Maybe he hadn’t even noticed. Perhaps that’s worse. Maybe I’ll be the one to tell him. What horrible revenge! He’s a loathsome person, but no one deserves that...but, what if really did sell me? I won't believe it until I hear it from his mouth. If he really did sell me, maybe I will tell him. Hahaha! “Did you do it?” Ben asked. “What?” Han said. He seemed genuinely perplexed, but he was also a very good liar. “Did you do it?” Ben said, again. Han shook his head, “Ben, what are you talking about? Why are you with this First Order slimeball?” Ben grabbed him by the hair and slammed his face into the floor a few times, punctuating his words, “Did. You. Do. It.” “Ben, listen! I don’t know what he told you, but this is a big misunderstanding,” Hen said, licking the blood running from his nose. Ben stood and began kicking him, screaming, “You did it, didn’t you? You fucking did it! Why? Why? Why!” “Ben!” was the only thing Han could manage to get out between grunts and gasps. Ben rolled him onto his back with his foot. He saw his own stubbornness in the man's eyes and it infuriated him. He began to put pressure on Han's throat. Han’s eyes watered. “I had to! I had no choice!” Han shouted. “No choice?” Ben mocked. “There’s always a choice.” He felt the balance of power move from his father to him. For the first time in his life, he felt powerful. He could so easily destroy the man at his feet. He destroyed me, it would be poetic justice. “Do it, Ben,” Hux said. No, Han Solo didn’t destroy me, you did, My Love. But I can do nothing to hurt you the way you have hurt me. Ben recalled his uncle Luke telling him something once when he was very young. He turned to Hux and said, “The most important thing a man with power can do is to decide not to use it.” He stepped past him and out of the room. Hux grabbed Han by the hair and said, “Your son has the integrity of a Knight , he doesn’t deserve to have such a detestable man for a father.” He kicked Han in the face before following Ben. Ben walked briskly and didn't look back. Whatever happened to Han Solo now was none of his concern. He'd given up his freedom to save the man who sold him as a slave and now he had to wash his hands of him. If he ever saw Han Solo again he would probably stab him in the eye with the nearest sharp object. ~~~~~@~~~~~ Notes: Stay safe, and thanks for reading 2016 has been a fucker of a year, and it may have cumulated for me in this fic, and I'm sorry for being so awful, but, I think it's healthy to exorcise these demons, instead of keeping them bottled up. After much soul-searching, I have decided to follow some wise sage advice I once read and write as if I'm the only one that's going to be reading it. I thank you all for joining me. As awful as 2016 may have been, I am hopeful for the future, and I wish you all a very bright and very Happy New Year 2017. Chapter 7 : Conqueror Summary: ~~~~~@~~~~~ So, My Love, You’ve figured out what form of torture torments me the most. Tenderness. ~~~~~@~~~~~ Hux is pleased with how easily Ben is manipulated. (Or, maybe it's the other way around.) Notes: Sorry if some of this seems contradictory. But, in real life, sometimes people's thoughts contradict one another. So, if Ben's thought processes don't make sense, it's because he's not quite sure, either, and has to work stuff out. (or that's just an excuse for lazy writing.) I've added 'violence' to the tags and realized that I should have done that before now. Also, this is non-canon, of course, but figured I'd just make that clear. Nkunduggese is not a language in Star Wars, I made it up for the purposes of this story because I was too lazy to research any Star Wars languages. Translations are in the end notes. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) ~~~~~@~~~~~ Back in their room, Ben yanked the jacket he was wearing off, grabbed the collar and chain from the vanity and dropped to his knees at Hux’s feet, holding the chain out to him, ready to accept his fate. Hux took the chain from him and pulled him up. Tossing the chain away, he said, “You do have the integrity of a Knight, and hopefully it won't get you into trouble one day. Turning your back on an opponent gives them the opportunity to stab you in it.” “You knew I would come back?” “I hoped you would.” He kissed Ben’s neck, brushing his hair aside to nibble his ear. Ben’s eyes fluttered as Hux gently nipped along his jawline and throat. It felt good. Really good. Too good to be wrong. So, My Love, You’ve figured out what form of torture torments me the most. Tenderness. He didn’t try to fight the pleasure, letting himself enjoy Hux’s teeth sliding along his neck, shivering when they bit his earlobe. Hux had it wrong, he didn’t have any integrity. He had given up a chance at freedom because of some pretense of morality only to turn around and give it up a second time to spare the life of an amoral creature. He could make excuse after excuse, but he had chosen this. He wanted this. But, You are no more of a monster for doing this than I am for liking it. Who am I to decide what is wrong or right? Good or evil? My life before had been one criminal pursuit after another. Now, I’m with someone who loves me, who saved me from a life of crime. Am I any less free than I was before? I wanted something more and when I got it, I wanted to go back? Freedom is not a truth. Wanting freedom is selfish. Not appreciating what I have while I have it is selfish. Selfishness itself is evil, isn’t it, My Love? You love me, and I have been selfish not to love You back. Love is a truth. Hux’s fingers ran up Ben’s chest then trailed up his neck to tilt his head to kiss him on the lips. Ben reached up and cupped Hux’s cheek, pulling him in closer to deepen the kiss. As they toppled onto the bed, Ben wrapped his legs around Hux’s waist, and, for the first time gazed wantonly at him. Hux wiped Ben’s tears with his thumb. Ben ran his fingers through Hux’s hair while Hux devoured Ben’s lips, jawline, and neck. His previous avowals of love towards Hux had been false, but no more so than the lies he had convinced himself were truths. I deceived You into thinking that I loved You. I tricked You for a selfish reason. Dishonesty isn’t right, even against someone that has taken my freedom. Just as it wasn’t right to deceive myself, either. I’m not any better than You, My Love. He had thought before that Hux had taken away any future he might have had, but what would that future have been, anyway? A life of smuggling contraband from one gangster to another? Of taking advantage of people to get the upper hand? Of stabbing someone in the back whenever the opportunity arose? And to what end? To put food on the table? A roof over his head? Well, now he had food on the table, and a roof, and someone that took care of him. His life before had been of a disreputable scoundrel. Of only looking out for his own self-interests. Treating others only as a means to an end. Never treating anyone kindly for the sake of kindness-- He remembered! Kallumond! He remembered seeing him sprawled in the dirt, a bruise around his eye, market-goers walking past him with cool indifference. He knew that the man had nothing, he had just been beaten and robbed, but Ben took him to a secret hang-out and paid for him to call his ship anyway. Why? Something about that man had brought out caring and generosity in him. He had felt a simple contentment in making the stranger happy. Whatever it was, it had also made him turn his back on freedom. It was close to feeling powerful but in a strange, round-about way. He got a strange, perverted satisfaction in pleasing Hux. I didn’t come back to save Han Solo, I came back because if I hadn’t, it would have broken Your heart. I could have done that, My Love, but I didn’t. I thought that there was no way to hurt You, but I understand now, just as You hurt me with Your affection, I could hurt You by denying You. They moved together for the first time as one. Ben experienced a beautiful euphoria that he never had before. An experience shared with his lover. He saw that same halo enshroud them both, but this time, drugs could not be blamed. Hux’s eyes twinkled; he was crying. “My Love, what’s wrong?” Ben asked. “You never wanted to look at me before,” Hux said. Ben had never really looked at Hux before, never saw the nuances of his face, the way his cheeks flushed when Ben kissed him, the depth in his eyes when the light reflected through them, the way they darkened when he climaxed. I could hurt You, My Love, I could leave, and I don’t think you would stop me--you have this notion that I am honorable--but then we would be done with this power game of Yours, and I think I’m just starting to get good at it, just starting to enjoy it. “You're beautiful, My Love,” Ben said. “Oh Ben, I love you so much,” Hux said, “I was foolish to think that you would feel the same, but-” Ben quieted him with a kiss. Saying it doesn’t make it true, that it is a truth makes it true. “I love you, Hux. I’ve always loved you, I just didn't realize it until now.” They snuggled in bed for a good part of the morning. So comfortable and warm, they didn't want to get up. The door buzzed, giving Ben a brief panic attack, fearing that Lord Xorahhn had found out about what they’d done to his guests. But it was only the servants bringing lunch. Ben brought the tray of confections and fruits to the bed, shuffling haphazardly, dragging the sheet he’d used to cover himself. Hux laughed at him. Ben shoved a zoochberry into Hux’s mouth to shut him up. Hux responded by grabbing one of the tiny sandwiches and shoving it into Ben’s mouth. They ended up feeding each other, passing berries and comfits to each other with their tongues. After, Ben took a shower, the taste of chocolate and zoochberry lingering in his mouth. What am I doing? Do I really want this? Or have I just said it so many times I now believe it’s true? Is there a difference? When he came back, Hux appeared asleep. I guess loving someone is a decision. It’s the ability to hurt someone, and not doing it. Hate, I suppose, is also a decision. I only hated You because I chose to. And that only served to make us both miserable. I could hurt You, My Love, but that would mean hurting someone that loves me. That would make me the evilest person in the Galaxy. Besides, now that I know the rules of this game, I think I want to play a little longer. Ben bent down to poke him, ”Are you ever going to get up?” Hux pulled him down on top of him. “I don't want to lose this moment, My Love.” Ben smiled, “We won't. Fate tried its best to separate us, but I'm too stubborn.” They made love for a third time that day. I do love you, but that word has so many branching meanings. I love that you can make me feel so good. I love that if I ask for it, you will give it to me. I love that you find joy in giving it to me. I love that if I ever told you ‘I hate you’, it would destroy you. I love that you give me that power. I love that you don’t realize you’ve given me that power. You have hurt me as much as it’s possible to hurt someone. That means I have the advantage, now. I love that you have given me the power to crush you. So, I guess that means I love you. “I wonder why Lord Xorahhn hasn’t found out, yet,” Ben said, eating one of the zoochberries left from lunch. It was late afternoon, and he had expected Xorahhn’s guards at the door at any minute. “He has,” Hux told him. “I received a message from him hours ago. I informed him of the situation, and he agreed with me that my retaliatory actions were indeed justified. He may be a gangster, but even he doesn’t want something like that to tarnish his reputation.” “Oh,” Ben said. Something didn't click. He had suspected that Hux set the whole thing up. And he figured that even if Xorahhn knew about it, he would have been upset about the death and maiming of three of his associates in his house and the threatening of a fourth. If Hux hadn’t arranged it with Xorahhn, Ben found it suspicious that he would take Hux’s word for it. He brought a berry to Hux, and Hux parted his lips for Ben to place it on his tongue. He licked Ben’s finger as he withdrew it. My Love, You are a cruel teacher, but I have learned wonderful lessons from You. I’ve been fighting You this whole time when I should have been using You. All I have to do is say ‘You’re beautiful’ and I have You eating out of my hand--literally. You don’t even realize how easy You are to manipulate. I wonder how much of this power I can wield. I wonder how far I can push You. “Um, My Love, you wanted me to take revenge on those responsible, and you’re right, I think I should.” “Han Solo is long gone by now, but we could probably track him down,“ Hux said. “No, he's not the one responsible. He didn't know.” “Really? And you know who was?” Hux asked. “Lord Xorahhn. He set the whole thing up.” “Are you sure?” “Yes. Before dinner last night, he offered to buy me if I would work as a prostitute for him. I think he didn't like that I said no.” “Hmmm,” Hux said, “Well, he is someone that rarely hears the word ‘no’, I’m sure, and most certainly never in his own house. He must have felt slighted. He and I have had a pretty good business relationship lately. He must have felt very slighted, indeed, to jeopardize that.” Hux sighed, stroking Ben’s cheek. “I am appalled by your ill-manners, that you would dare decline his offer. But overjoyed. However, he should have talked to me about it, in the first place, and never put you in that situation to have to refuse him. It sounds like he did it just to get at me.” He gathered his clothing. “Get dressed. We’re going to go settle matter immediately.” Two guards stood outside of Lord Xorahhn’s business chamber. “Good afternoon,” Hux said pleasantly, “Is the Lord available?” One of the guards appeared ready to turn them away when the door opened. A servant motioned for them to enter. “Please, come in, General,” Xorahhn said, sitting behind a large, shimmering green desk that looked like it had been carved from a single piece of jade and haloed by the huge window behind him. The walls of the office were lined with a collection of artifacts, mostly archaic weapons. One, in particular, caught Ben’s eye, something that resembled the weapon that his Uncle Luke tried to show him how to use a few times while his father laughed at how antiquated it was, eventually convincing Ben that blasters were superior. Hux and Ben approached the imposing desk. Xorahhn signaled the guards to wait outside. Xorahhn said, “Good afternoon, General. Is this about that incident that we had discussed earlier?” He gave Ben a slanted look as if offended that he had accompanied Hux into his private business office. “It is,” Hux said. “Again, a thousand apologies. Sometimes my clientele can get a bit...overly rambunctious, and many of them feel that a slave running away from its master deserves punishment.” “Ben isn’t a slave, and he wasn’t running away,” Hux said. “Regardless, this is your property, and they should not have been playing with it. People should regard slaves as any other personal property. While I abhor violence of any kind in my house, I have been more than reasonable in allowing you to...take the masculinity of those individuals as retribution. Do you not feel that I have been fair?” “I said, he’s not a slave,” Hux growled. Xorahhn said, “Swain, pet, whatever you want to call it, it’s still a zero-class, non-citizen. And I have been gracious enough to allow you to murder and maim my associates and clients because of your precious little toy, that, I might add, you just let wander freely around my house. What were they supposed to think?” “Perhaps that he was a person. I told no one else, only you. There was no reason anyone should have thought that he was a slave,” Hux said. “What are you implying, General?” “I’m implying that you are petty and vindictive,” Hux said, leaning forward on the desk. Xorahhn leaned back in his chair, a haughty air about him, but his expression passive, not giving in to Hux’s intimidation. However, he clearly showed disdain for Ben’s presence when he began speaking in a language Ben didn’t understand. “Sel kiilich occh gorhh alhhrah?”* “He told me you wanted him to work for you as a prostitute. So I think you were offended that he refused,” Hux replied in Basic. “Sel kurhgch, grad valgra-tagh, sel muurnch?”* Xorahhn asked. “Zun murnch don graga sel baleg,”* Hux said with a distinctive Basic accent--without uvular articulation and drawn vowels. “Graggahh, graggahh grad kaillohh shah, General Hux?”* Xorahhn asked, ire in his tone. Ben sensed that he was far more than irritated. “Ka, hapan sel grad Ben, ruspa-tog,”* Hux said, his voice steady, but Ben could feel the anger building between the two. Xorahhn laughed. He shook his head and gave Ben a look of pure contempt, “Kahh, shah don grad kaillohh .”* “What did you call me?” Ben said, slamming his hands on Xorahhn’s desk. Hux put his arm out to push Ben back. “I said you are an insolent brat whose master lets him get away with far more than he should.” Xorahhn said, turning to Hux, “Are you really going to give up our business partnership because of the baseless accusations of this whelp?” “You are nothing but a mere playing piece in the First Order’s endeavors. Gangsters like you are a wupiupi a dozen.” Hux said coolly. Xorahhn sneered, “Well, General, it seems your pet has you by the balls. He must the best lay in the Galaxy. Speaking of…” He opened his desk drawer. In an instant, in Hux’s blaster was pointed inches from Xorahhn's face. “Easy,” Hux said. “Now, now, general, no need to get violent.” He smiled at Ben. “I just wanted to pay this little whore for his services last night,” Xorahhn said, tossing a couple thousand credits on the desk. “See, I’m a reasonable boss. My offer still stands, by the way.” Ben roared, leaping across the desk at him, prepared to strangle him with his bare hands, but Hux grabbed him, pulling him back. Xorahhn stood, his two guards appearing the doorway. “You are both rash fools. I am offering you partnerships that would be lucrative for everyone, and you’re just going to throw it away...for what?” He snickered. “The way you were talking last night about how uncouth he is, I would have thought you wanted to be rid of him, but it seems you find that trait charming. In any case, I would have thought that you wouldn't want to touch him again after he'd been sullied.” Hux lifted his blaster. Out of the corner of his eye, Ben saw one of the guards raise his blaster. In the same split-second, Hux tackled Ben to the floor to get them both out of the way of the blaster fire while firing exactly three shots. The two guards and Lord Xorahhn fell simultaneously. Hux said to the servant, who had flattened himself up against the wall, “Go and fetch Lord Goruld, tell him he has inherited his cousin’s Grand Office. And send my apologies, as it may need to be cleaned." The servant scurried out the door. A groan came from behind the desk, Lord Xorahhn wasn’t dead. Hux and Ben stood over the gangster. Xorahhn clutched his thigh, spitting a barrage of what Ben assumed were curses. Hux handed the blaster to Ben. “Now is your moment.” “May I kill him, My Love?” Hux gave a slight nod. Ben had fired a blaster before, many times, but usually only when deals went sour, and he never aimed to kill, although he had never stuck around long enough to be sure. But this would be his first outright, intentional murder. Ben aimed the blaster, but it seemed so...uncivilized. Ben wanted this momentous occasion to feel, well, momentous. He glanced to the collection of artifacts on the walls. Ah, yes, he would use one of the weapons from Xorahhn’s own collection. That seemed fittingly insidious. Ben almost laughed. He almost didn’t feel the seriousness of the moment. He almost felt...giddy. He handed the blaster back to Hux, “I have another idea.” He took the unassuming, metal cylinder off its hook on the wall. “What are you going to do, pummel him to death? Brutal,” Hux said with a joyful gleam in his eyes, holstering his blaster. “No--have you never seen one of these before?” Ben said, thumbing the switch on the side. “Ha!” Xorahhn laughed, “That thing is broken, in fact, if you try to turn it on, it might explode.” “Really, Corullious, trying that old, tired ploy? You don’t know me, but I have been hanging around gangsters my whole life,” Ben said. “You’re not only a cocky git, you’re an idiot,” Xorahhn said, “Go ahead, I hope it blows your hand off!” Ben flicked the switch, and the weapon shrieked to life, a fiery blade projecting from the hilt. Xorahhn flinched as if he did expect it to explode. It didn’t look or sound like the one Luke had--it was red, not green, and flickered like a flame, whining and hissing, fanning where it projected from the hilt into a blinding ball of energy, threatening to engulf his hand. Ben could feel the heat, so had to act quickly before it burned his hand. “K kaillohh gah kaillohh .”* Xorahhn said, snarling. Ben let the blade fall, the gangster’s head separated neatly from the body. It was quite unceremonious. Ben felt a bit disappointed. He didn't feel that grand swelling of gratification that vengeance wrought by his own hand should have brought. He switched off the weapon. “That was very good, Ben, I'm very proud of you. It made you feel better, didn’t it?” Hux said. Ben nodded. He didn’t really feel better, though. He actually felt kind of angry that he didn’t feel better. I should have made him suffer more, that would have made me feel better. Hux and Ben waited outside the door to Xorahhn’s office for Lord Goruld. Ben fiddled idly with the hilt he was still holding. Hux said, “I must say, I've never seen a weapon like that before.” “The funny thing is, he was right, it does seem to be broken. It probably would have exploded if I kept it activated much longer,” Ben said. “Well, luckily for both of us, it didn’t, right?” Hux said. “I want to keep it,” Ben said. “You said it’s broken.” “I want it for...a memento,” Ben said. “I suppose it was a special occasion for you,” Hux said. “And, I think I can fix it,” Ben said. “We’ll see. Ah, Lord Goruld!” Lord Goruld, flanked by two guards and the servant trailing behind, greeted General Hux. “I apologize, it's quite messy in there,” Hux said. “Yes, but, as they say, you can't make the coat without skinning the fox,” Goruld said. He was in very good spirits for someone whose cousin had just been decapitated. “When the fox is dead, the wolf sneaks in,” Hux said. Goruld nodded, “I am not as arrogant or stupid as my cousin, I know my place, General, my skin is staying right where is.” “Good.” Goruld bowed, “May our current and future business dealings be mutually beneficial.” “I know they will be,” Hux said. “We’ll be departing promptly. Can you have someone fetch our luggage and track down my pilot?” Goruld signaled the servant, who nodded, then turned and trotted down the hall. “Is there anything I can offer you before you go?” Goruld asked. “My...paramour, Ben, would like to keep the weapon used to eliminate your predecessor,” Hux said. Goruld smiled at Ben, “Ah yes, of course. It’s quite fitting, as my cousin killed its previous owner to get it. He was furious, to say the least, that it was broken. I’m impressed that you got it to work without injuring yourself.” Hux said, “You’ll do well not to underestimate him.” “I apologize, I meant no insult, but rather that he does not look as powerful as he is, which I meant as a compliment,” Goruld said. Before Hux could respond, Ben said, “Thank you.” Hux still appeared irritated, but smiled as they turned to part company, “Pleasant day to you, Lord.” “Pleasant day to you, General, and to you, as well, Ben.” “Go ahead and let the servants pack, I’ll meet you on the roof. I have to make sure our shuttle is ready. Since we’re leaving a day earlier than planned, and the pilot probably spent all night drinking, I might have to hire a replacement,” Hux said, once they reached their suite. Ben nodded. He packed Hux’s case then put the collar and chain, along with his new trophy, in the second case. Hux had apparently made him an unwitting part whatever “business deal” he had arranged with Lord Goruld. He’d tricked him into killing Xorahhn, that’s why he felt unsated. You play this game very well, My Love. Point for You, this time. But I’m learning, and I will eventually beat You. He thought about that insult Xorahhn kept saying, what was is? Kaillohh. It had felt more like he was directing the insult to Hux, or that he was insulting both of them. He didn’t know why it stuck in his brain. Perhaps because it was the last word of his first kill. First, ha! Like there will more. “May I ask you a question?” Ben asked as the servants came to gather the luggage. One of the servants looked at him with that gaze of passivity shared by all the servants that Ben found so disconcerting. “Of course, Master Ben. You do not even need to inquire if you can inquire,” The servant said with an inflection that mirrored the way droids spoke--that would sound belittling if not coming from such a servile being. “I assume that you speak the language that Lord Xorahhn speaks--er, spoke,” Ben said. “Yes, it is Nkunduggese.” “Can you tell me what ‘kaillohh’ means?” “Nkunduggese has more nuances than Basic, and many words have complex meanings so there isn’t a direct translation. But it’s something like ‘someone small but able to be in control of bigger things, but usually not obviously. An instigator, a manipulator, an antagonist, if you will, but outwardly powerless. A slave that is also master to the ignorant Master.’ ” The servants brought the luggage to the port on the roof, where their shuttle was prepared and ready to take off. Hux stood at the bottom of the gangplank. Hux said cheerfully, “The pilot was smart enough to stay sober, so we can leave right away.” Ben took his seat without saying anything. Taking notice that Ben seemed pensive, Hux said, “You know, Ben, I didn’t buy you because I wanted a slave. I bought you because I love you . You are mine, but you are not my slave.” Ha! What’s the difference? But You have it wrong, anyway, My Love. You own me, but You are my slave. “May I ask a favor?” “All you do is ask favors, can’t you ever just be content?” Hux chuckled, “You just killed one of the biggest crime bosses on Coruscant, what more could you want?” Ben stared silently out the window as their shuttle lifted off. I want to be rid of my old life. More than that, I want it to never exist. But, since neither of us can bring that about, I want the next best thing. Hux soon gave in and said, “Very well, ask.” “I don’t want to be called Ben any longer,” Ben said. “Oh? What would you like to be called?” “Kaillohh,” Ben said. Hux said, his pronunciation clipping the long, throaty sounds, “Ky-lo?”--surprised and nearly laughing. Ben smiled, “Yes, My Love.” “Why would you want to be called 'baby'?” “What?” Hux laughed, “It’s an insult, a Nukundugese slang term, it means ‘infant’. But, I’ll call you that if you like. Baby.” Shit. ~~~~~@~~~~~ Notes: * What do I have to be petty and vindictive about? -CX I did offer, and he did refuse, but what do I care? - CX You care because he was brash enough to deny you. - AH He is brash, too brash. And you allow it, General Hux. Is it that the slave is dominating its master? - CX I believe him, that’s all there is to it - AH No, he’s got you around his finger, but you are blind to it. - CX Its maker does not know that the monster he made is a monster when the monster is sly enough to conceal it from him. - CX Chapter 8 : Intermission ~Innocence~ ~~~~~~~~~~~ Ben borrowed Hux’s spare jacket so they matched mawkishly as they walked arm in arm out into the street. They had left Lord Xorahhn’s--now Lord Goruld’s--building and were now staying in a hotel on the other side of Coruscant. Hux had promised to buy Ben some new clothes, and he wasn’t going to let a little thing like the murder of the biggest crime boss in the sector get in the way of that. “Ben! Hey!” someone shouted. A man with spidery hair trotted over. He must have been one of Han Solo’s associates. “Are you alright, Ben?” He narrowed his eyes at Hux--who had not brought his blaster. They tried to ignore him and walk past. “I heard you’d been kidnapped!” The man said. Hux tightened his fists, ready for a fight. Ben turned to the man, giving him a surprised look, “Do we know you?” The man said, taken aback, “Whu..?” Hux smiled at Ben and said to the man, “I believe you have mistaken us for someone else.” Ben slipped his hand around Hux’s arm, and they continued along the street, leaving the man with the spidery hair dumbfounded. The man shouted to them, “Ben, he’s brainwashed you! Ben!” Hux pulled Ben closer and said, “There can be some weird people on Coruscant, sometimes.” Hux picked out conservative clothing for him, but Ben preferred more lavish styles: a velvet jacket with dangling and glimmering adornments, a fox fur coat, wool pants with shimmering red metallic thread woven throughout, red leather shoes, a silk suit similar to the one Hux originally bought him but gold. “As good as you look in those, you will probably want something more comfortable as well, don’t you think?” Hux said. “If I want to be comfortable, I’ll wear your robe,” Ben said. “Or nothing.” “You're going to be obstinate, aren’t you, Baby?” Hux said, slipping his arms around Ben while he stood in front of the store mirror. “It’s not Baby--It's Kylo,” Ben said. “Whatever…” Hux said. “You’re the one being obstinate,” Ben said. ~~~~~~~~~~~~ Sitting on the sofa in their hotel room, Ben curled next to Hux, looking out across the scintillating city. “This is v’ry nice,” Ben said, sounding tipsy after only one--watered--drink. "Would you like another?" Ben nodded. He made a simple mixed drink of whiskey and fortified wine, watering Ben’s down even more for his second one. “You dun't need ta do th’t,” Ben said. “It’s the only way you’ll be able to keep up with me,” Hux smiled, handing him the glass. Swallowing it in two, long quaffs, Ben said, “Lemme make th’ drinks, and we’ll see who c’n keep up.” “Fine,” Hux laughed. Ben went to the liquor cabinet. The hotel had provided a quality selection of spirits. Ben tossed a few random things together. “Do you even know what you’re doing?” Hux asked. “Does ‘t matt’r, it’s all th’ same,” Ben said, choking back his concoction. Hux rubbed Ben’s back as he coughed, “Whoa, slow down, Baby, it isn’t a race.” Ben pushed away from him, “It’s Kylo, not Baby!.” “They mean the same thing,” Hux said. He tasted the drink Ben had mixed, but it was so vile he had to dump it in the sink. “They dun’t mean th’ same th’ng,” Ben pouted, reaching for the bottle of cinnamon spirits and swigging straight from the bottle. “You're terrible at this. I'll make the drinks--I won’t water yours down," Hux said. Hux grabbed a couple of fresh glasses. He opened the bottle of anise-flavoured liqueur he had bought earlier—known as a strong aphrodisiac that also caused hallucinations and fits of passion, notoriously believed to make imbibers “crazy and criminal”, and whose name, Arth’sine , meant “undrinkable”. He liked the tingling on the lips it provided but didn’t want any undesirable effects, so swished a small amount in each glass before pouring it out. He added Corellian whiskey, simple syrup, and ice to a cocktail shaker, then portioned out two servings into the prepared glasses. “Drink it slowly, savor it,” Hux said. Ben took a huge gulp. “Youknow, you w’dn’t like ‘f I call’d you...Hermit,” Ben said. Hux was amused at Ben’s drunken manner, cheeks flushed, hair tousled, slurring, and swaying. He looked so innocent. He didn’t look like a murderer. He didn’t look like someone that just hours earlier had decapitated another person. He touched Ben’s chin, tilting his head to glimpse into those sweet eyes, moving in to kiss him, “I would love it. It would be the most adorable thing you could say to me.” Ben jerked away so fast he spilled his drink, “No! ‘m not ‘dorable! ‘m not a schild.” “Why pick a name that means ‘baby’, then?” Hux said. “Thass not swhat ‘t meansss. Nuh-kundug-gese has...nusances...and...and...c’m-plex smeanings...” Only three drinks in and Ben was already stumbling and slurring like he’d been drinking all night. Oh, no, you’re not a child at all. You’re completely mature. Mature people get stumbling drunk on two and a half drinks. “You’re about to fall over, sit down,” Hux said. Ben took another big swig as he flopped on the sofa, spilling the rest of the drink. “Hey! That was good booze you just wasted,” Hux scolded. Hux scooched next to Ben, setting his own glass on the table. He started caressing Ben’s chest, undoing his shirt. He kissed Ben’s bare chest. “Mmmm, you’re so cute and vulnerable when you're drunk.” “No!” Ben thrashed with every limb, kicking the table, knocking Hux’s drink over. “That’s two drinks you’ve wasted!” Hux said, moving to sit on Ben’s hips, holding him down. Ben swung at Hux with a ridiculously miscalculated punch. Hux, unamused at Ben’s drunken flailing, partially tipsy himself, and wholly angry that Ben was resisting him, grabbed Ben’s arms and shouted, “Stop it, Ben!” “Nooo!” Ben wailed, “Ben’s weak an’ stupid an’ weeeeaaak!” “Okay, it’s okay, I’m sorry. You’re not weak or stupid,” Hux said. “I killed him!” Ben yelled. “I know,” Hux said, holding Ben’s arms with one hand, and trying to calm him down by stroking his hair. “Calm down. It’s okay. He wronged you, he wronged a lot of people. He was immoral and corrupt. And you prevented him from doing any more evil. You were right to kill him.” Ben broke Hux’s grasp, sloppily slugged him in the nose and wiggled out of his thighs, falling to the floor with a loud thud before appearing to pass out. Hux reached down to touch him when Ben’s shoulders began to shake. Hux knelt on the floor with him, holding him. “Your fault! You made me! B-Ben could nev’r k’ll...an’body!...I..I had to k’ll him ,” Ben cried. What are you blathering about? You’re not making any sense. I'm never allowing you booze again. Ben sobbed, “I had to. He was weak an’ sstu-pid.” Hux realized that they were talking about two different things. Hux was talking about Lord Xorahhn, but Ben was talking about himself. Oh.That’s why you wanted to change your name, and I’ve been teasing you about it. “My Love, I’m sorry I treated you like a child,” Hux said. “You’re not a child, you’re not weak, and you’re not stupid.” Ben buried his face in arms. “Forgive me, please,” Hux said. Ben muttered something Hux couldn’t understand. “What? I didn’t hear you,” Hux said, rubbing his back. Ben lifted his head and shouted, “I hate you!” Don’t say that if you don’t mean it. You don’t mean it. You don’t mean it. “You don’t mean it, it’s just the booze, don’t say it if you don’t mean it,” Hux said. Don’t mean it. It will kill me if you mean it. Please, please, don’t mean it. “I do,” Ben said languidly. Hux pulled him tightly into his chest. Ben didn’t fight him but didn’t embrace him in return, either. No, no, no. Why are you saying this now? You said you loved me. Ben muttered, “I do hate you, Ben, s’why I killed you.” Hux’s sudden relief sucked the air from his lungs, and he burst simultaneously into tears and laughter. “S’so fuunny?” Ben said. My heart nearly broke in two over a silly, drunken misunderstanding. “Kylo, never scare me like that again,” Hux said. “You--you call’d me...” Ben said, blinking at him, suddenly lucid. I love you, Kylo, I will never stop loving you. But, please, never scare me like that again. I'm never, ever allowing you booze again! “You called me Kylo,” Ben said again, touching Hux’s lips as if it was something he had never expected to hear. Hux kissed Ben’s fingers. “Of course I did, that’s your name,” Hux said, smiling and wiping his eyes, pretending the tears welling there were just dust. “Thank you, My Love,” Ben said threading his fingers through Hux’s hair, flitting his eyelids, distracted. “Your hair. It’s so pretty and...red.” Don’t tell me you never noticed the color of my hair before. “I never said it before,” Ben said. “Well, thank you, but we should get you into bed before you pass out on the floor,” Hux sat Ben up to lean against the sofa then tried to pull him to his feet. “Mmmm, no, stay,” Ben said, grabbing Hux’s between the legs, which was then conveniently at face height for him. Ben unbuckled Hux’s belt, undoing Hux’s pants and nudging them down. Hux shuddered as Ben exposed him to the room’s chilly air. “Ooooooh,” Hux exhaled as Ben’s warm breath tickled him, his lips barely brushing. He then bit his lip, embarrassed at how loud he had moaned. “Mmmmmmm,” Ben took him in his mouth. Fully. Not gagging even once. He moved and sucked slowly, deliberately. You haven’t been practicing on anyone else, have you? Ben looked up at him as if he had heard that thought. How can you still look so innocent? Ben’s head dipped and he put a slight twist into his motion. “Ahhhhh…” Hux wobbled, his legs shaking. “We should ...move to the bed...it won’t be...comfortable here,” Hux said, taking a step back. Ben stopped momentarily to say, “Don’t care,” then clutched the back of Hux’s thighs to pull him toward him. Hux grasped Ben’s hair. Ben opened his own pants. That Arth’sine is really effective on you, isn’t it, My Love? Ben stood, crawling up Hux’s torso. Curling his fingers to the nape of Hux’s neck, pulling him close, breathing into Hux’s parted lips, Ben slipped his tongue into Hux’s mouth before their lips met. He rubbed himself against Hux, hooking his leg behind his calf, causing Hux to lose his balance and fall. He reached out for the sofa, but missed, landing on the floor with Ben on top of him. Unphased, Ben continued his assault on Hux’s lips. “It’s so bright,” Ben said. Hux had to push him away to take a breath. What? The room was rather dim, so Ben’s words confused him. “The light,” Ben said. “Between us. Can you see it?” Hux chuckled and resumed kissing him, certain that the Arth’sine was also giving Ben hallucinations. Ben slithered the rest of the way out of his pants, sucked his fingers and reached between his legs to stimulate himself “I killed him,” Ben said, this time without any regret or sorrow in his voice. I’m sorry. I’m sorry I made you do that. Dragging his nails across Hux’s chest, Ben yanked open Hux’s shirt and clawed his bare skin. He bent forward, licking along Hux's chest, his tongue circling a nipple, then squeezing it tenderly in his teeth. "Hhhhhhh!" Ben stroked himself, kissing and licking Hux’s chest. “I liked it, My Love. I liked killing him.” Ben sucked Hux’s shoulder, then bit hard into his neck. Hux gasped. Oh. Ben. Ben slid down to bury his face in Hux's groin again before lowering himself onto his slicked cock. “Oh, My Love!” Hux exclaimed. Amazing! It felt so amazing. He had thought nothing could surpass that last time--when Ben had gazed into his eyes with such love and desire that Hux had thought his heart would explode with joy. But this was new experience--a different level. The Arth’sine must be having an effect on me, too. He thought he could see a faint shimmer around them, like light reflecting off water. “But, it was over too fast, I wanted more," Ben said, kissing the spot he’d just bitten. "I want more." Oh. Kylo. “I know you hate when I ask for favors,” Ben said, looking at him like a child pleading for a sweet, “But, will you give me more, My Love?” Oh. My Love. How can I deny you, now? While you are making me feel so good? While you are looking at me with those sweet eyes? I fell in love with your sweet, kind eyes. Those innocent eyes. How can they look so pure while begging me to make you a monster? I’m sorry I wronged you. I should have kept you sheltered, never let you out, treasured and kept your innocence. I loved Ben because he was what I could never be. I never wanted him to be like me. I would be the biggest monster of all if I granted your wish. It’s too late, though, Ben is gone, now. You can never go back. Yes, My Love, I will. “Don’t be sad, My Love,” Ben said. I will never be sad as long as you’re here. Ben. Kylo. The name doesn't matter. You are My Love and I will never stop loving you. Engaging Hux in a powerful kiss, Ben began to move faster. His gentle rocking became a spirited bouncing. Never stop. My Love, can we keep this moment forever? Surely, what we’ve gained is worth what we’ve lost. I wanted you to stay innocent, but I wanted you to love me. I thought I could have both. But, there was no way to have both. Innocence. Love. You can destroy one, and it will never return, but the other is immortal. “I will never stop.” ......... Hux woke on the bed, Ben--Kylo--sprawled on top of him, drooling onto his chest, morning light piercing through the thin hotel blinds. He felt like he had awoken from a fever dream. His recollection of the night before was vivid, hyper-realistic, but had ethereal qualities. He remembered seeing a shimmering halo around him and Ben as they made love. He remembered Kylo clearly speaking to him, and not thinking at the time how odd it was that his lips weren’t moving. No, that couldn’t have been a hallucination. He said there was a light between us, and I saw it, so if it was a hallucination, it was a shared hallucination. Is that even possible? Not wanting to wake Kylo, he fussed his hair airily. No, I suppose not. It must have been just a hallucination. But did he really say those things, or did I imagine that he did? He felt his neck where Kylo had bitten him and flinched. Still tender. Well, that part really happened, at least. Kylo shifted, and made a small, irritated noise. He tilted his head just enough to peer at Hux through his mess of hair. “Good morning, My Love,” Hux smiled. “G’Mornin’... Hermit,” Kylo said sleepily. Hux had been right, it was the most adorable thing he could say to him. However, if he said as much, Kylo would be pissed. He brushed Kylo’s hair away from his eyes. “You’re still going to be obstinate, aren’t you, Kylo?” Hux said, kissing his brow. ~~~~~~~~~~~~