The wind whistled through the trees, carrying their dead leaves through the air, weaving through the dense woods in a quick procession. A sheet of ice covered the ground where the sunlight didn't touch. The sky was graying, and a white mist was settling over the landscape. Snow was coming early this year, and when it did the small planet would turn into one large blizzard for over three months. Smoke rose above the trees over a tiny clearing. Huddled under a thick blanket, two young men sat around the dwindling fire. The taller of the two had chin length wavy, black hair and dark eyebrows. He wore a black shirt and pants with a tattered cloak, which he'd wrapped around his shaking hands. He'd been lucky enough to snag fur lined boots from the First Order's inventory before they'd come to this planet. His companion's ginger hair had lost its usual shine and was sticking up from the wind. Instead of his usual military uniform, General Hux was wearing a simple tan shirt and black pants with a thick gray coat. Unlike Ren, the only way to keep his hands warm was to shove them under his armpits. Hux shut his eyes and rubbed his temples. This was a mistake. They shouldn't have left. They shouldn't have succumbed to the light. Now here they were, in this wasteland, alone and freezing to death. This all happened because they got too close. When Ren and Hux had first been assigned together they rarely spoke, and when they did it was only about work. But slowly as the months passed they began to talk more. They had a sort of understanding. Neither of them wanted to fail Snoke for fear of what he would do as punishment. They begun making sure the other succeeded following their orders. The two kept a safe distance until one night. Captain Phasma managed to sneak gin into one of the meeting rooms on the base. Ren was such a lightweight too. Hux remembered snickering as he tripped walking to his quarters. The general had consumed a lot of gin, too much, as he later discovered. They'd kissed. Quite a bit too, before Ren passed out on the floor and Hux was forced to hoist him onto his bed. He slipped out the door as quietly as possibly and managed to get back to his quarters without running into anyone. He'd woken up in the middle of the night with a horrible pit in his stomach. It wasn't... that wasn't something First Order generals did. And yet he felt his heart sink sitting alone in the dark. The next day was hell pretending that nothing had happened. Hux couldn't look at Ren. In order to keep his sanity, he'd stared sternly ahead like he usually did when in front of his troops. That night they'd met again, this time sober. They talked and drank coffee for a long time. Finally Hux stood up to leave, when out of the blue Ren reached out to hug him awkwardly. Hux touched the shorter man's arm affectionately but couldn't bring himself to return the embrace. He pulled away quickly and power-walked back to his quarters, embarrassed. This game between them went on every night for a month. Slowly Hux accepted Ren's affections. They became closer. Sometimes Hux stayed up all night at war with himself. He knew the call to be with Ren was also a call to the light. It wasn't simply physical attraction, although he almost wished it was. Hux liked talking to Ren, listening to him talk about the things he liked and disliked, his family, why he'd left them. Things weren't simple. The two of them were a mess of goals and desires and regrets, pain, curiosity, anger, and fear. Doubt filled his mind about why he was with the First Order. Surely there was more to life than what he'd previously thought. It hurt to think that he'd been wrong, but it was something he needed to question. Perhaps they could have stayed like that for years, staying at the First Order and being with each other in secret. As Fate would have it, their lives turned upside down because of Ren's family. All it took was a Wookie, an ex-storm trooper, and Kylo Ren's damn father to jeopardize Snoke's plan. Hux lost track of Ren when the intruders attacked the base. He hadn't seen him all day because of some girl. He wasn't bothered when the fighting ensued. The Resistance hadn't been able to accomplish anything before then, why would that change now. Only after the fighting, when Snoke called him to go find Ren, did Hux begin to worry. He found him in the woods, passed out on the ground and bleeding from his face and leg. He held his breath as they hauled Ren onto the ship and out of sight. Did he really get beaten by some country girl and one poorly trained traitor? This was bad. Not only was his partner beaten, but he'd failed at stopping two Resistance members. Hux felt the light calling to him again as his heart pounded in his chest. What could he do? Pain and fear filled his mind. He wouldn't let Ren get hurt again, not by anyone. He realized with shock that he no longer cared about the First Order or their goal. So this was how the light felt. The General sat on a bench near the infirmary. He let his thoughts wander in the hours Ren was being treated. He'd been told with glee by a rookie that Ren had killed Han Solo. Maybe, maybe he wouldn't get punished. For some strange reason the thought of his partner killing his father made him feel sick. Hux's head began pounding. He was drawn from his thoughts by the doctor walking out and announcing that Kylo would made a full recovery. Without a second thought, Hux stood up and marched into the infirmary. He was unaware of the eyes of the other troops following him skeptically. His brisk steps made Ren open his eyes weakly. "General?" "Are you alright?" Hux's gaze pierced him. A minute passed before he got a response. "I killed him." The ginger sat beside him and stared at the ground. "Yes... but it doesn't have to be this way anymore. I was thinking-" He finally brought himself to look at Ren's face. Bloody bandages wrapped around his face and he could hear him breathing heavily. The General had never seen him look so upset before. Why had he done it? He wondered. Why kill Han Solo now? "What?" Hux remembered he was in the middle of a sentence. "Are you being called by the light too?" He said, his shaking voice barely audible. Kylo Ren's eyes widened at first, and then regained their pained look. "Yes. I don't want to fight anymore. It hurts. Killing my- killing Han Solo didn't help. It made it so much worse. I hate myself. I-" He succumbed to a coughing fit. Hux squeezed his hand. "I have no right to tell you what's right or wrong. But I believe you'll only feel worse if you continue to try and live in the darkness. Ben. You're from a family of Jedi. You've proven you don't have it in you to be in the First Order." "Don't have it in me? And you think I can join the Resistance and become one with my perfect family?" Ren's voice rose. "I just killed my own father! What the hell are you thinking, General?" His words were laced with poison. Hux took a deep breath. Perhaps he should have worded that better. He knew Ren's anger had nothing to do with him. "I was thinking we could leave. And live away from the Resistance and the First Order." Ren stared in shock for a few seconds. "A-are you sure?" "I am. I chose you over the light or the dark. We can be on our own," Hux said slowly. His partner let out a relieved sigh. "I'd like that." In a rare moment of passion, Hux let himself plant a kiss on Ren's forehead. "Just get yourself healed and I'll take care of the rest." And with that the General stood, clicked his heels together, and marched back out of the infirmary. He wondered if he'd momentarily lost his mind. Even as he began to doubt he knew there was no going back now. He'd made a promise to Ren, and he intended to keep it, come hell or high water. Notes: This is supposed to be a two part short story but who knows. I've had to write this on mobile at the moment but when I get access to my computer, I'll fix the weird formatting. Thanks for reading!