The Bravest Patient Chapter 1: The Bravest Patient If a combat med unit was called in to pull a strike team out of their own rescue operation, one could assume that that operation had just sunk to Corellian hell in a hand basket. Transports plunged through Dantooine's atmosphere like rocks in a murky lake, explosions and turbulence from atmospheric change throwing around their passengers. The eerie red light that illuminated the inside flickered in and out with every jolt. Somewhere towards the middle of the transport, a young lieutenant watched her command with growing uneasiness. Her hand squeezed the handle mounted onto the ceiling above her. Beings muttered prayers to whatever they believed was holding them together to hold them together for a little bit longer. Equipment was checked and rechecked to make absolutely certain that everything was performing at top efficiency. Time, she knew, was never on a medic's side. No matter how good they were. Any kind of malfunction, no matter how small, could get them – and more importantly, their patients – killed. The floor groaned as landing gear was dropped. Mila took a deep breath. The ship pitched and shook as it made its descent. Everyone flinched. Mila held a hand up. "Steady!" An alarm blinked a countdown. Those that had weapons shouldered them. The gangplank suddenly collapsed and locked into the dirt, and everyone sprinted forwards into the darkness. Triage droids fanned out in front of them in search of the critically wounded. Bright red laser bolts did their deadly dance across the plain, running into anything and everything within range. In the distance, flames licked at the sky as they tore through the shell of a nearby base, their smoke stinging Mila's lungs. Force only knew what had happened. Republic Command had said pirates. Mila had other ideas. Wisps of her brown hair escaping from her ponytail, Mila ran as fast as she could, a pack of medical supplies strapped to her back and a blaster rifle cinched tightly between her palms and her fingers. Many lay strewn on the ground, their blood staining the dry grassland. None, unfortunately, were alive. A scream ricocheted down a hill, and Mila took off, pelting in the direction of the wailing. A young soldier lay crooked on the grass, blaster wounds puncturing his body in several places. His leg was broken. Terror flailed in his eyes as he squirmed in agony. "Hey!" Mila shouted a greeting over the chaos of the battle, dropping to her knees and yanking the medkit from her back. "Hey, buddy," she said, leaning over the man and running her fingers through his hair in an effort to calm him. "You're okay. Doc's here. I'm gonna fix you up. Get you back to Hosnian. How's that sound?" The soldier's face lit up a little. A trembling hand reached up and tapped the medic's patch on her uniform with a single, bloodied digit. "That's right, buddy," Mila soothed, grinning a little. "The doc's in." Relief flushed through his features, relaxing the stressed lines in his face, and he made an effort to smile. Mila pulled out a small syringe from her bag. "Get you doped up here, my friend, and we'll see about getting you onto one of those transports." Boots pounded into the ground behind her, and two of her noncoms* ran to her side. "We clear to take him, Lieutenant Criss?" one asked. "What's the damage?" "Broken clavicle, blaster wounds through his upper arm. Several through his left side, though I don't think they hit anything precious." She took a second look as she stuck the needle with the sedative in it into his thigh. "Right tibia's shattered, so be careful when you pick him up. Though he's probably on enough sedative to knock out a bantha. Just be careful, sergeant. Whoever's responsible for this—" she gestured towards the ongoing fight "—kriffed him up pretty badly." The sergeant nodded. "Roger that." He motioned towards his comrade. "Give me a hand here, Wex. This one's delicate." Carefully, the two men lowered the soldier onto a hovercot and ran him back towards the transport. The first sergeant waved to the sky. "Looks like we got some air support coming in, Lieutenant!" He paused, looking into the sky as nine X-wings dipped below the clouds, quad engines screaming. Wex's jaw dropped. "Holy kriff, that's Rapier Squadron!" He laughed triumphantly over the noise, clapping his friend on the back. "Whoever started this mess is about to get their ass handed to them!" Both medics turned to the soldier on the hovercot, pointing upwards and hurriedly rambling on about their apparent salvation as several Rapiers sped towards the carnage and unleashed a loud hail of cannon fire on the enemy. Everyone on the field started cheering. "About damn time, Dameron!" the wounded soldier cried jokingly, relief seeping through his voice. Though she could no longer see him past the threshold of the transport, Mila knew he was beaming. The first sergeant and Wex ran back down the gangplank and across the field to their commanding officer, who quickly conversed with a triage droid. "They've got him in there, Lieutenant," Wex reported. "You want to move on?" Mila nodded, looking up. "Let's get to the top of that hill again," she said, pointing in that direction. "Droid said there are more on the other side." The three soldiers took off running and crested the top of the hill. Chaos had strewn itself across the plain. Blasterfire bounced in every direction, smoke and dust rose from the field, and the Rapiers soared overhead, picking off anything and everything that tried to retreat with lethal precision. The three medics sprinted into the fray, Mila kneeling down by another patient and quickly gathering a prognosis. The man's dark eyes fluttered open for a brief second, and he took a short, sharp breath. Mila started to comb her fingers through his hair, but just as her small hand reached his black curls, the soldier was gone. She sighed sadly. "Can't save them all, sergeants," she griped. "No matter how bad you want to." Someone opened fire, but the rounds sounded too heavy for a blaster. Mila winced. "Looks like mystery kid's pulling out some ground fire," Wex sighed. One blast hit the ventral side of one of the X-wings, and it completely vaporized. A second Rapier was hit, this time directly in the engines, and it exploded. A third fighter, which Mila swore was painted black, pounded into the cannon with enough ferocity to give a krayt dragon a nightmare. But the second gun, which was much closer than the now vaped one, clipped another Rapier in the wing. Smoke streamed from the fighter's top left S-foil, and Mila waited for the pilot to eject. He didn't. The fighter rocketed towards the ground, diving into the grass nose-first. The ground shuddered with the impact. A large plume of smoke went up from the X-wing's nose, and flames licked at the back. An astromech droid's last haunting screech tore through the air. Frozen with mute shock, Mila and the others looked on. "Think he's still alive, Darren?" Wex asked. The first sergeant shook his head. "Probably not. And if he is, he doesn't have much time left." The crippled X-wing groaned, part of the nose being eaten away by flames. Suddenly it exploded, sending shrapnel and glass in every direction. Mila swore she heard the pilot inside, desperately trying to find a way out. Black smoke filled the cockpit, rising out of a hole cracked in the top. "Yeah," Darren said sadly. "Don't think there's much we can do. He's a goner." "Wait," Mila ordered sternly, her hazel eyes not leaving the wreckage for a second. Two of the Rapiers circled overhead, standing guard over their fallen comrade. A deep pink light filled the inside of the cockpit, and soon a flare shot out of the hole in the top. Mila gasped. "He's still alive," she breathed, adrenaline shaking her voice. "Both of you, stay on my tail and cover me!" The two sergeants' protests faded in her ears as Mila ran forwards, grabbing onto one of the X-wing's S-foils and hoisting herself on top of the wreckage. A loud cry went up from inside the cockpit. "Hang on, buddy!" Mila called, fumbling around for something heavy enough to smash the canopy in with. "Should have thought this one through, Lieutenant," she muttered to herself, when her hands hit a large piece of shrapnel, roughly the size of a blaster rifle, lying on the X-wing's damaged dorsal hull. Snatching it up with the disparity of a starving person grappling for bread, Mila stumbled towards the cockpit. "Can you hear me?" she shouted over the roar of the flames, which were growing steadily closer. "This thing's about to blow!" the pilot screamed back, smoke scratching at his voice. "You need to get away before—" One of the engines gave out, rocking the X-wing violently. Mila fought to retain her footing. "Go!" he yelped, panicking. "Now!" With as much force as she could muster, Mila rammed the shrapnel into the canopy. The transparisteel began to give way, spraying in every direction. "What the hell are you doing?!" the pilot cried. The X-wing pitched again. "Get out of here! Now!" His voice was weakening. Not a chance , Mila thought, hammering the shrapnel through the canopy until she had a hole big enough to work with. Smoke rushed from the new, larger opening. She coughed. The smoke cleared enough that Mila could finally see the pilot's orange flight suit peaking through. Reaching down into the cockpit, she fumbled for the restraints that held the pilot in, cutting through them with a utility knife from her belt. She grabbed the now unconscious pilot under his arms. Every muscle in Mila's body screamed as she braced her feet against the X-wing's hull and began to wrench the pilot from the cockpit. The leg of his flight suit caught on a piece of bent metal. Flames licked at his feet, and his sweating brow furrowed. Mila pulled harder. He didn't move. Crying out as her muscles strained, Mila finally ripped the sturdy fabric and dragged the pilot out of the cockpit, the two of them tumbling to the ground as another one of the X-wing's engines gave out. She ducked under the smoke and grabbed the pilot under his armpits, dragging his wounded body across the grass. "Lieutenant!" Wex shouted, running towards her. "Are you—" "Help me!" Mila barked. Wex carefully grabbed the pilot's singed ankles and lifted him off the ground. "Darren!" he shouted. "Cover us!" Darren raised his rifle to his shoulder, took off the safety, and wrapped one long finger around the trigger, silently daring anyone to come close. A transport sank to the ground behind them, the ground shaking as the gangplank rammed into it. Carefully, the two medics carried the pilot's battered body into the transport, setting him in Mila's arms as the gangplank began to rise. The black Rapier soared overhead, and judging from the noise coming from the transport's cockpit, the pilot was conversing with the fighter. The transport groaned as it lifted off, and Mila heard several X-wings flanking them outside. Gently setting the pilot down on the floor, Mila began to assess his wounds. She carefully removed his helmet, which was cracked in several places. His head was bleeding, his dark hair soaked with blood. As gingerly as she could, she took off his life support vest and felt the pilot's sides for any abnormalities. One of his ribs popped under her fingers. Suddenly the pilot's dark eyes snapped open, and he looked down at the rest of his body. A long piece of shrapnel jutted out from his stomach. He started to panic. Mila's small hand combed through his dark hair. "You're okay, buddy," she soothed. "You're on a transport. We're taking you back to the cruiser." His fair-skinned face twisted in pain. "Where… where's—" "Shh," Mila whispered. She motioned to the outside of the transport with her free hand while the other gently massaged his temple. "You're safe now." She smiled. "Your squad's just outside. Our pilot's been talking with your CO. Take a deep breath. Can you hear their engines?" The pilot closed his eyes, making an effort to relax. Slowly, he started to smile, tears filling his eyes. "They made it…." Mila nodded. "Am… am I gonna make it?" Eyeing the shrapnel and the many thick, red stains splotched across his flight suit, Mila swallowed. She didn't know. "You'll be fine, buddy," she said softly. Even she was alarmed at the lack of confidence in her voice. "You'll be fine." "Lieutenant, we're touching down," the transport pilot called over his shoulder. Mila looked at her patient. "We're almost there," she whispered. "We'll get you into an OR as soon as we can. We'll fix you up." Fear ate at the fighter pilot's features. "Are… are you sure?" "Yeah." "You don't sound too sure." Mila steeled herself. "You are going to be fine, my friend." The gangplank lowered, crashing into the durasteel floor and echoing around the hangar bay. Techs rushed to newly landed X-wings, getting astromechs on the ground and checking the fighters for any signs of damage. One pilot climbed out of the cockpit of his fighter, hurriedly handing the tech his helmet and nodding a silent thank you before jogging towards the transport. His dark, wavy hair was matted with sweat. Worry loomed behind his deep brown eyes. Mila recognized his face from somewhere. "Kit!" he called, almost sliding to his knees next to his wounded friend. "Rapier Five, can you hear me? It's Poe." Kit's face lit up. "C-Commander!" he breathed, reaching out and grabbing his friend's hand. "You… you're okay!" "And you will be too, bud." Poe looked at Mila. "You're in good hands." Mila smiled at him. "Come on," Poe encouraged. "Let's get you inside." He turned to Mila, quickly glancing at the patch on her chest that listed her rank. "You need help, Lieutenant?" he asked. Mila nodded. "Grab his ankles. Be careful. They're burned in several places." Wrapping his long fingers around his friend's ankles, the commander visibly cringed. "I got you, buddy. Let's go." "Lift on three," Mila ordered. "One… two… three." Kit screamed. "Hang on, Rapier Five!" Poe called to him. "You're gonna be okay!" Two blast doors opened, and the three slowly made their way into a long, white hallway. A loud explosion tore through the air before the doors could shut again. Mila jumped. "I don't wanna know," she huffed. They inched down the hallway, Kit's blood leaving a spotty trail on the floor behind them. His eyes began to droop. "We're almost there, buddy," Mila cajoled. "Hang in there." They rounded the corner, and Mila's heart dropped to her stomach. "Oh, that's not good." Poe's eyes widened. "What?" Poe looked over his shoulder at the carnage and squeezed his dark eyes shut. So many had been hit during the attack that a long line had formed outside the operating room. Some surgeons had grabbed sedatives and were already operating right where they were. He took a deep breath and raised his eyes to Mila. The look on his face broke her heart. "Can you do anything for him?" he asked, helping her set his friend down on the floor. Mila sighed. "I've got better light, so I can at least get a better idea of what all he's got going on here." She grabbed her knife and tore open the middle of her patient's flight suit. "What did you say his name is?" "Kit Anderon," the patient gasped. "What's yours?" Mila didn't look up from her work, but she smiled. "I'm Mila. Mila Criss." Kit chuckled a little. "I'd shake your hand, but…." Mila laughed. Poe grinned and rolled his eyes, gripping his friend's shoulder reassuringly. "She understands, bud," he chuckled. "She's been living under a rock if she doesn't know who you are," Kit went on, tilting his head backwards and grinning admiringly up at his commanding officer. The commander scoffed, smiling. He looked at Mila. "I'm Poe. Poe Dameron. And he's exaggerating." Mila smiled at him. "I knew I recognized you from somewhere." "You based on Hosnian Prime?" Mila nodded. "I've probably seen you around." She observed Kit's wounds and clenched her teeth. It looked like the shard had punctured his stomach. It was a miracle that he was still alive. Poe grimaced. "How bad is it?" Mila sighed. "It's bad." "How bad?" Kit whimpered. "Not bad enough that I can't fix it," Mila replied, combing her hand through Kit's dark hair. "But you're gonna have to be brave, buddy. I can't get you into the OR, so we've gotta do it right here." Her head popped up. "Hey Wex!" she called. Wex turned and dropped next to her. He looked panicked. "What do you need?" "He needs sedatives. Heavy ones. This isn't going to be pretty." Wex flinched. Mila grew impatient. "What?" "Did you hear that explosion?" he ventured uneasily. "Yeah..." "That was the other medical cruiser. It… it just got hit." " What? " Mila's eyes grew wide. Panic gripped her heart. "The others, Sergeant," she stammered. "There was a squad that stayed behind to run shop. Have you heard —" "They're dead, Lieutenant. The whole cruiser blew. Took a good chunk of our guys and what we had left of the pain killers with it." Kit's eyes got huge. "W-What?" Poe's jaw tightened. "Are there any more here?" he asked. "Not unless Lieutenant Criss still has some." Mila quickly pawed through her pack and pulled out one lone syringe. "This is all I've got," she said, shaking her head and flicking at the side to get the medicine to sink farther down. "And it's not even all the way full. It wouldn't even numb a paper cut." She stuck the needle into Kit's leg. "But we'll try it. Hopefully it will take some of the edge off." Poe's tanned complexion paled. Kit started trembling. Mila looked back at Poe. "I need you to hold him down," she said, pulling on latex gloves and starting to pull out various sharp instruments from her pack. Poe's eyes popped, and his voice dropped angrily. "Wait a minute. You could get more sedatives on Hosnian, Lieutenant. If he can hold on for that much longer—" "He doesn't have that much time, Commander," Mila said shortly. Kit whimpered. Poe's face hardened. "He's going to be in a lot of pain, Lieutenant." "You think I don't know that?" Mila snapped, starting to get angry. "Hold him down, that's an order!" His eyes flashed. "You can't give me orders, Lieutenant!" "As long as he is my patient, then yes, I can give you orders!" Mila barked. "Under the circumstances, I could order a general around right now! If I don't get that shrapnel out of his stomach, he dies! Do you want him to die, Commander?" Taken aback and flustered, Poe shook his head. "Then you will hold. Him. Down." Poe sighed nervously, his hands gripping Kit's shoulders. "Hey, buddy," he soothed, swallowing his anger like a pill that didn't quite want to go down. He pulled Kit's head into his lap and ran his thumb along his temple to let him know without a shadow of a doubt that he was there and wasn't going anywhere. "Keep his attention on you, Commander," Mila advised, her voice softening. She almost sounded guilty. "Don't let him look down here." Poe nodded. "Hey, look at me, bud. I'm right here. You're gonna be okay." Kit nodded, fear eating away at his confidence. "Poe!" a voice called, followed by the worried chirping of an astromech droid. Poe's head snapped up. "Karé! Get over here, we need help!" Karé sped over and sank to her knees next to her commanding officer. She looked at Mila. "What do you need me to do?" "Hold him down," Mila said, her voice beginning to falter. "Try to keep him calm." It was evident that the medic liked the situation about as much as the Rapiers did. "Hey there, baby face," Karé smiled, reaching down and gripping one of Kit's shoulders. "It's Karé. We're gonna get you fixed up." Kit chuckled weakly. "I-If I get through this, w-will you stop calling me that?" Karé snickered. "Not a chance, kid." The little spherical droid that rolled in with Karé chirped. "S-See?" Kit managed. "Even BB-8 thinks it's derogatory." Poe shook his head, grinning. Though he desperately tried to hide it, adrenaline and fear shook his hands. The smile on his face faded. He clenched his jaw. "You ready?" Mila asked. Poe and Karé both nodded. Karé ran a hand through Kit's hair and grabbed his hand. "You've got this, buddy," she encouraged. Slowly, Kit nodded. There were tears in his eyes. Karé kissed his forehead. "You're gonna be okay," she whispered, giving his clammy hand a squeeze. "I promise." Mila blew out a shaky breath. She clenched her eyes shut, bit her lip, and grabbed the shrapnel, slowly pulling it out as to not cause any more damage. Kit screamed. His eyes drooped. "Hold on, Rapier Five!" Poe encouraged. "She's almost got it. It's almost over. Don't you quit on us now!" The shrapnel, about a standard foot long, finally cleared his bloodied flight suit. Mila smiled briefly. "Now all I have to do is close you back up, and you'll be done," she said, quickly snatching up a laser cauterizer. "Hang in there." She fired up the device and closed up the wall of his stomach. Kit cried out. Then she moved to the entrance wound itself, sighing when the last of the bloody opening sealed back up. Mila smiled so wide it hurt. "Done," she said. She looked at Kit, who was crying with relief. She put a hand on his shoulder. "You're the bravest patient I have ever had. Hands down." Kit nodded. He grabbed Mila's hand and squeezed it. "Th-Thank you, Lieutenant." Mila took off her gloves and smiled, running her hand through his hair and gently massaging his scalp. His eyes slowly closed, and his muscles relaxed. Poe grinned in disbelief. "It's all over, buddy," he reassured, gently patting Kit's shoulder. "Take it easy." "What'd we tell ya?" Karé beamed. "Piece of cake." Kit grinned. Mila's heart swelled. "We're going to move you to an ICU here soon," she said softly. "Hook you up with some bacta. That'll take a lot of the pain away." She released his hand and stood. "I'm going to go get that set up now, so you don't have to wait any longer." Kit nodded gratefully. "Should I come with you, Lieutenant?" Poe asked. "It could help to have me around." Mila nodded. "That it could. When the request comes from the CO, med tends to be a little quicker about seeing to it." "I'll take him, then," Karé said, reaching out and pulling Kit into her lap. His head sank into the crook of her arm, and he closed his eyes, smiling gratefully. "You go ahead and go, Poe." She ran her fingers through Kit's hair. "I'll keep watch here." *Medical and Military terms/abbreviations Noncom: Noncommissioned officer. Any officer below 2nd Lieutenant is a noncom. CO: Commanding officer OR: Operating room ICU: Intensive care unit Chapter 2 : Rapier One Chapter 2: Rapier One "Major Krell!" Mila called, worming her way to her commanding officer past instruments and various holo displays. "We have an emergency—" "In case you haven't noticed, Lieutenant," the major said coolly, "this entire situation is an emergency." Major Krell was probably the hardest major Mila had ever served under. She was about the human equivalent of a glacier: graceful, towering, and cold. She'd never been particularly fond of Mila – Mila had never figured out why – and over the several years the young lieutenant had been under her command, she had taken every opportunity to show it. Calculating and aloof, she looked over her shoulder at Mila, her icy blue eyes delivering a silent, condescending scoff. "So whatever your… emergency… is, it better be worthwhile." Mila pursed her lips together. "I need a bacta tank. Patient suffered a gut wound and head trauma, among other things." Sighing through her nose, Major Krell turned to fully face the lieutenant. "Such as?" "Smoke inhalation, third-degree burns on his ankles, feet, and palms, and two broken ribs." Major Krell's eyes lifted to look past Mila's shoulder to the speaker. "Lieutenant, who is this?" "Commander Poe Dameron," he said, extending his hand. "The patient in question is one of my men." The major nodded and took it, Poe jumping a little bit at the coldness of her touch. "I will see what I can do," she said, dropping his hand. "Losing that other cruiser has done nothing to help us." Poe nodded, his face falling a little bit. "If it makes any difference, ma'am," Mila cut in, "he's already lost two of his squad today." She looked up at Poe. "And I don't think he plans on losing a third." "No, I don't." Major Krell sighed dismissively. "I will see what I can do." She shot Mila a less than savory - or, Mila thought, justified - glare as she turned and walked away, her wrinkled nose ordering Mila and Poe without words to get out of her sight. Mila took a deep breath and followed. "How many tanks are on this vessel?" she asked. The major stiffened. "Seven." "And they're all in use?" Krell looked down at one of the screens. "Affirmative." Mila nervously bit at her lip. "He's young, Major. Really young. He's already been through a lot. I saw to his gut wound and sewed it up as soon as we got back." Krell's eyes popped. "He made it into the OR?" Mila looked like a child preparing to be stuck across the face. Krell turned an ice blue eye towards the lieutenant. "Well?" "I was forced to operate in the hallway outside," Mila replied. "And I wasn't the only one. There was – and probably still is – a line. Outside the door. It's… bad." Krell's face showed a microscopic hint of emotion. "How many?" "At least twenty. Maybe more." Krell frowned, muttering something about a break in protocol that neither Poe nor Mila quite caught. Poe bristled. "I don't know about the others," he said, stepping up next to Mila, "but 2nd Lieutenant Anderon is alive because of her. Had she waited any longer, he would have bled out. And three more of my pilots would be dead, as opposed to only two more. Rapier owes her a lot." Mila felt his warm hand grip her shoulder, and she blushed a little. She'd never been one for a ton of compliments, and when they came around, she never knew how to handle them. "He's out in the hallway now with one of my lieutenants, if you have any interest in seeing him." Krell raised an eyebrow at them both. "I'm surprised he survived," she said cynically, shooting Mila a less-than-appreciative glare. "Take me to him, Lieutenant." Mila nodded. "This way," she said, turning around and briskly walking back towards the hallway. When she rounded the corner, she found Karé cradling a sleeping Kit in her arms, with two other members of Rapier Squadron sitting on either side of her. One was human; one was a Keshian. "So this is who we've heard so much about," the Keshian said, standing and smiling at Mila and extending his hand. "Lieutenant Iolo Arana." "Mila Criss," she replied. She shook his hand, relieved that he didn't seem appalled by the fact that her arms and shirt were covered in dried blood. "That's Lieutenant Muran, and Lieutenant Karé Kun," he went on, motioning towards the two other lieutenants. "We owe you a lot, Lieutenant," he added, looking down at Kit. "If only Ten and Twelve had been so lucky." Poe hung his head and nodded. Mila fought the urge to lay her small hand on his arm. Krell kneeled down in front of Karé, gently brushing a dark curl from Kit's sleeping face. His dark eyes fluttered open, and he recoiled under her touch. He laughed a little. "Your hands are cold, Major," he whispered. Poe stifled a laugh. Krell smiled a little. "Apologies, Lieutenant." "Nah, you're fine. Actually feels pretty good." Karé snickered. "Can you look at me, Lieutenant?" Krell asked. Kit's dark eyes drifted to meet Krell's light ones. When they met, her brow furrowed. "Do you remember hitting your head?" Kit nodded. "Where?" "Where the blood is, Major." He smirked. "Thought that one was obvious." Krell bit back a laugh, gently parting his curls to get a better look at the wound. A large bump had formed next to it. "Does it hurt?" Kit sighed. "Like hell." Krell eyed the patient, looking directly into his eyes. "And your pupils are dilated. You've got a concussion." She looked down at the still-cut-open flight suit, at the newly cauterized wound. "But from the look and sound of it, you've had much worse." Kit's eyes wandered up to Mila's, and he smiled. "But if it had to happen, I was definitely in the right place at the right time." Mila looked at the floor, once again not knowing how to respond. A smile slipped across her face. Poe patted her shoulder. Krell stood and faced Mila. "Lieutenant, take them to Bay 12. There's a bacta tank warmed up and ready for him. We just need to get him in it." Every Rapier present breathed a collective sigh of relief. Mila nodded, smiling. "Thank you, Major." Krell nodded and moved down the hallway towards the other groups. Poe beamed. "C'mere, buddy," he said, kneeling next to Karé and gently hoisting Kit onto his back. "About time the lieutenant finished the job, don't you think?" He grinned at Mila, and everything in his tired face sighed a silent thank you. Kit fell asleep as soon as they submerged him, his steady breaths echoing through the mask in the tank and all over the room. Even in his sleep, a smile gently tugged at the corner of his mouth. Because that bacta treatment just felt so… good…. Mila bustled from control to control, getting the settings just right to treat his specific wounds. She sat in the corner, recording vital signs and filling out an incident report. Her mind reeled from the battle beforehand. She had stood close enough to the anti-starfighter gun that shot down Kit to see that it was well-made and taken care of. In fact, it looked new. Operated like it was new. If they had truly been dealing with pirates, that gun would have been falling apart. It wouldn't have been that accurate. Kit wouldn't have been hit. How long would it be before the Republic admitted the truth? The Senate was so wrapped up in avoiding a war. Who was to say that they wouldn't try to deny the facts to keep that from happening? All the remaining Rapiers had set up camp around their wounded comrade, two of them stacking blankets one on top of the other in an attempt to make beds on the hard floor. Muran had a cot. Karé claimed the couch, stretching her long legs out in front of her and combing out her freshly washed hair. Iolo curled up in a chair that he found, reading on a datapad. But Poe stood in front of the bacta tank, watching his young friend float up and down in the liquid. "Refresher's open, Poe, if you wanna take a shower," Karé piped up, looking at her friend intently. He nodded, but didn't move. His face was sullen. "Hey, Rapier One," Karé said, swinging her bare feet to the ground and walking up behind him. "You okay? You're looking a little grim." Poe sighed. "I want to know who did it, Karé. Who keeps doing it. Seven and Eight last month; Nine last week. Ten, Twelve, and almost Five tonight. If my guys are dying, I want to know who's responsible." He clenched his jaw. "And Command isn't telling us a damn thing." "Space pirates, Poe," Iolo interjected. "That's what the official report says." "Lieutenant, they all say that. I'm beginning to think—" He stopped and shook his head. "Nah. There's no way they'd do that to us." "Do what to us?" Karé asked. Poe tensed. "Lie." Mila's brow furrowed, and her head shot up. "Lie?" Poe and Karé turned and jumped a little bit. Mila had been so quiet that they had forgotten she was there. "Sorry," the lieutenant went on. "Didn't mean to eavesdrop." Poe shook his head. "No, no. You're fine." He sighed. "As a matter of fact, we could use a second opinion. You were on the ground. What did you see? Did those guns look like something pirates would use?" Mila bit her lip and looked at the floor. "Not unless they've been stealing from General Hux." Poe raised his eyebrows and looked at Karé, holding his hand out towards Mila as if he were trying to present her. "See? I'm not the only one thinking like I am. Pirates can't get equipment that advanced. Not even the really, really good ones. You've seen them on patrol a thousand times, Rapier Two. You know that." Karé nodded. Iolo sighed. "I don't think they'll do anything until you have to run a squad of TIEs off, Commander," Mila said hesitantly, standing up and coming up between the two Rapiers. "Maybe the Senate doesn't have enough evidence to cry foul. That's what I keep trying to tell myself." She looked up at Kit in the bacta tank. "Even if I don't believe it." Poe's jaw clenched. "It's going to take something more catastrophic than that to wake them up." Karé nodded and sighed. "Well, on that note," she said. "It's been a long day. I think I'm gonna hit the sack." She turned to Mila. "Wake me up if anything changes, Lieutenant. Or if you need help with anything. I'll be glad to give it." Mila nodded. "Thanks, Lieutenant." Karé grinned. "Call me Karé." Mila smiled. "Goodnight, Karé." Karé smiled back and walked over to her couch. "Night, everybody." She laid down. "And seriously, go take a shower, Poe," she added without turning around. "You smell like the rear end of a wet bantha." Poe smirked. "Least I don't look like one." "Ohhh!" Iolo exclaimed, snickering. Karé laughed out loud. Mila fought hard not to and failed. "See?" Karé continued. "Even Lieutenant Criss agrees with me!" A smile cracked across Poe's face. "Get some sleep, Lieutenant Kun." Karé snickered. "Sir yes sir, Commander, sir," she yawned, pulling her blanket over the tops of her shoulders and wrestling with it until she fit her feet underneath. Poe rolled his eyes, shaking his head and laughing softly. He sniffed the shoulder of his flight suit and recoiled, making a face. "Kriff, that does stink," he said to himself, turning towards the refresher door and picking up a small black duffle from the ground. BB-8 beeped at him. "Working on that, buddy." The droid chirped again. Poe scoffed, his mouth hanging open in a smiling gape. "Don't you start with that with me, buddy," he said, his voice shaking with suppressed laughter as he waved an index finger at the droid. "You don't have scent receptors." Mila fought with everything in her to keep a straight face. Poe nodded towards the rest of the squad. "Keep an eye on them for me, will you, buddy?" BB-8 chirped back, rocking back and forth as he talked to his master. Poe laughed. "Yes, you can go talk to her. Just—" he turned on the droid's binary translator "—you might need that." BB-8 whistled a thank you and rolled towards the bacta tank. His domed face tilted up to look at Kit, and he made a sighing sound, his head sinking towards the floor. "He's okay, buddy," Poe called over his shoulder, standing right in front of the refresher door. "It's like I said. He's in good hands." He grinned at Mila, whose eyes dropped to the floor and back to meet his as a smile eased across her face. BB-8 gently nudged her leg, and the last thing Poe saw before shutting the door behind him was Mila getting down on one knee in front of his droid, her face brightening up as if she was talking to an overly excited child. He softly smiled to himself. "And keep an eye on her, too, buddy, while you're at it." Chapter 3 : Call Me Poe Chapter 3: Call Me Poe BB-8 looked up at the bacta tank curiously. If he were human, Mila swore he would be gaping a little. The droid whistled and beeped, his head swiveling towards Mila as he rocked back in forth in rhythm with his binary speak. Mila read the translator and smiled. "He'll be in there for the better part of the night, little buddy," she said. "Then I'll take him out and assess his vitals again, just to make sure everything's running the way it should." BB-8 beeped again, and the question he asked made Mila giggle a little. "No, his motivator isn't broken," she said with a smile. "He's just… had some circuits blown. A few loose wires, that's all. He'll be up and running before you know it. Bacta's good stuff." BB-8 chirped in understanding, his little head turning back to the tank to look up at Kit. He watched for a few minutes, eerily resembling the composure his master had held when he stood in the same spot several minutes before. But while Poe was familiar with this form of treatment – perhaps even received it himself – Mila wondered if his droid had ever seen it before. BB-8's curiosity held the palpability of that of a young child's, resting somewhere between fascinated and horrified as his photoreceptor took in the sight in front of him. His little head drooped, and the sigh he made afterwards sounded a lot like a yawn. "Wanna get plugged in, bud?" Mila asked. "Charger's right over there. I'd be more than happy to hook you up." BB-8 whistled gratefully, rolling slowly over towards the wall. The charging station sat about two feet away from an empty cot, close to the head. The little droid took up his spot and turned to face Mila, chirping happily as she plugged him in. His head swiveled so his receptors looked just behind her, and the little droid softly squealed. Mila looked over her shoulder. Poe stood a few feet behind her, dressed in a baggy olive drab t-shirt and the brown pants from his fatigues. He grinned. "Running out of steam, buddy?" he asked his droid. BB-8 chirped and bobbed his head up and down, almost as if he were nodding. "Yeah. Me, too. It's been a rough day." He turned to Mila as she stood. "Thanks, Lieutenant." Mila nodded, smiling a little. "Don't mention it." Poe nodded towards the center of the room. "How's he doing?" he asked, his bare feet softly tapping the floor as he moved to stand in front of bacta tank. "Better," Mila replied, coming up beside him. "The burns on his ankles are almost gone. And it looks like that gash on his head has shrunk. Shrapnel puncture's taking its sweet time, but at least it's getting somewhere." She turned to look at him. "But odds are he'll make a full recovery, Commander. It'll take some time, but there's a good chance he will. You don't have to worry about him." Poe chuckled dismally. "I'm his CO. Worrying's part of my job." Mila nodded understandingly. "Heard that." The two stood in silence for a bit, watching the young pilot float in the bacta tank. "I saw you," Poe finally broke the silence. "Breaking into the canopy of his fighter. Pulling him out." He searched her face for a moment. "Those fuel cells were shot; they were leaking all over the place. They blew less than a minute after you got him on that transport." He shook his head, a smile gently pulling at the corners of his mouth. "One of the bravest damn things I've ever seen anyone do. I mean it." Mila grinned sheepishly. "I just do what I have to do, Commander. That's all there is to it. I came out here to save lives, and that's exactly what I plan to keep on doing." She looked up at the bacta tank. "I don't really care what happens to me in the process. As long as they make it out okay, it's fine by me. And he did." Poe nodded towards the rest of his squadron, which slept behind him. "They all adore him. Especially Karé. The second he came, she took him under her wing. They're inseparable." He looked over at his second-in-command, who was fast asleep on her couch. The smile on his face faded. "She saw him get hit. Screamed at him to eject, but he panicked. Didn't get a hold on the handle in time, and he went down. Hard. You saw." He sighed. "He's been the one holding us together through all this, Lieutenant. Holding us to the Republic. If we had lost him…." He stopped, not letting himself finish the thought. Mila found herself at a complete loss for words. "You've done more for us than you realize," Poe said softly, putting a hand on her shoulder. A warm, unmistakable gratefulness rested in his tired eyes. "Rapier owes you a lot. If you and your platoon ever need anything , just say the word. We'll be there. It's the least we can do." Mila smiled at him, genuinely touched. "Thank you. That means a lot." She nodded towards his cot. "Now go get some sleep. Force knows you need it." Poe nodded sleepily, meandering towards his cot and unceremoniously flopping on it. "Wake me up if anything changes, Lieutenant," he said, craning his neck over the rest of his body so he could still see her. "I will. Goodnight, Commander." "Night," he replied, yawning. He rolled over on his side and passed out before his blanket even had time to settle on him. Mila couldn't help but smile a little bit. Wearily, she headed over to a chair in the opposite corner, sitting down and intending to finish up the incident report. Instead, she fell asleep. Mila woke up with a start a few hours later as a soft alarm went off, her neck stiff from having been bent forward on her chest. As if on autopilot, she made her way towards the bacta tank. Her fingers danced over the controls, and the top of the tank slid to the side with a hiss. Kit limply floated to the top. A few medical droids carefully picked the young pilot up, laying him on a sterile table. Mila checked his wounds. The burns around his ankles and feet were gone; the swelling on his temple had gone down significantly. She gently parted his black hair to get a better look at the gash, which was growing the soft starts of a scab. Gingerly, she ran her fingers over the top of a long, nasty incision mark on his anatomic left, just above his stomach. Her fingers softly felt for abnormalities, which she detected none of. Even his broken ribs had regained strength. She reached for a few towels that one of the droids had brought with it and kept warm. As gently as she could, she patted the fluid from Kit's body and dried his hair a little bit. A clean set of baggy medcenter clothes sat on the bed that the driods had made, and she slipped them over the pilot's mostly bare skin. The driods lifted him from the table and into the bed, which sat next to a massive window. Karé had said Kit would like to see the stars when he woke up, so she requested to have it put there. Now, the ship sped through the hyperspace tunnel, so there wasn't too much to see, but as soon as they came out of lightspeed, the view of realspace would be spectacular. Adjusting the blankets until they reached up over Kit's lean shoulders, Mila studied the young man's face. Though it was unnaturally paled by blood loss, which the driods were now working on remedying, his skin was incredibly fair. Freckles spotted his nose and the tops of his cheeks, and his thin lips lay curled into a content half-smile. It was then Mila noticed just how young he was. He couldn't have been a day over nineteen. She sat on the edge of his bed and combed her fingers through his hair. "You're quite the fighter, Kit," she whispered, gently pushing a piece of his hair out of his face. "The rest of your squad's gonna be happy to see you when you wake up." The cruiser came out of lightspeed into realspace, and the stars appeared in front of her. Mila lost her breath. The sky was completely peppered with them, dotted here and there with distant colors of planetary systems. Kit drew a deep breath, and his deep brown eyes fluttered open. "Lieutenant?" he said feebly. "Hey, buddy!" Mila whispered, beaming. "How are you feeling?" Kit squeezed his eyes shut. "My side still hurts. But my head doesn't. And I don't feel anything around my legs." "Your burns are gone," Mila gently reported. "The swelling and the gash on your head have healed up a good bit, and the wound on your gut looks a lot better." She squeezed his shoulder reassuringly. "You're healing up nicely." Kit smiled weakly. "Where… where's everybody else?" Mila stood up. "Look around you." Kit craned his neck a little bit, and his smile broadened as he realized they were all with him. "They wouldn't leave you if their lives depended on it," Mila softly reassured. "Especially not now." Kit grinned, lying back down and looking to his left. His face lit up. "Man, you can really see everything up here, can't you?" he said breathlessly. He pointed to one of the systems. "That's Dantooine off in the distance right there. See it?" Mila nodded. "And that one under it is Ord Mantell." He pointed to a larger, steel blue dot in the sky. "And that's Mandalore." He snickered. "Wouldn't recommend either one of them for a day trip. 'Specially Mantell. It can get kinda rough." Someone towards the back of the room stirred, and they both heard footsteps. "Oh, no," Poe lightheartedly called from the other side of the room. "You gonna make her suffer through one of your astronomy crash-courses, Lieutenant?" He quickly made his way to Kit's bedside, laughing. Kit's face brightened even more at the sight of his commanding officer. "Poe!" Poe smiled so wide it hurt as he sat on his friend's bedside. "How're you feeling, buddy?" Kit sighed. "I'm alive, aren't I?" he joked. Poe laughed. "I'm doing okay. I'm just sore. And really thirsty…." "Here," Mila said, handing the pilot a bottle of water. "Sip on that. Losing that much blood will do it to you faster than anything will." She stood up. "See if we can't get an IV in here to get you hydrated again." Poe's eyes popped. "You medics ever sleep?" he said, looking at Mila. Mila chuckled softly. "When we've got two cruisers that are fully staffed, we do. When one of them gets blown out of the sky… not so much." She smiled a little. "I'll be right back." Poe nodded, softly laughing at her sarcasm as she left the room in search of needed equipment. He turned back to Kit. "We were afraid we were gonna lose you, buddy. We almost did. You've fought hard." He put a hand on Kit's slim shoulder. "It's good to have you back, Rapier Five. You scared the kriff out of us." Kit smiled wryly. "Yeah. Sorry 'bout that…." Poe grinned and ruffled the young pilot's hair. "Nerfherder," he snickered. Kit laughed softly. "Where's Karé?" he asked, looking around. "Couch," Poe said, nodding in its direction. "She's out cold." Kit smiled. "Let her sleep, then. She probably needs it." He leaned back and folded his hands behind his head, watching Lieutenant Criss as she passed through the threshold. A grin slipped across his face. "I'm a lucky guy, aren't I, Commander?" Poe nodded. "Came out of that one by the skin of your teeth." "No, no," Kit chuckled. "That's not what I meant. Well… sort of. She saved my life." He grinned. "But she's kind of cute, don't you think?" "She's too old for you, Anderon." Kit sat up a little. "Oh, so you've got your eye on her, then?" Poe recoiled, shaking his head and scoffing. "Haven't known her long enough to, pal." Kit grinned mischievously. "You keep telling yourself that. I'll be your best man when you marry her." Poe laughed outright. "That's the pain killer talking. And I'm not interested." Kit shrugged. "Whatever helps you sleep at night, Commander." The doors at the other end of the room opened, and Mila came through with a medical droid. "Alright, Kit," she said. "This should help you out a lot. Let me see your arm." The young pilot stretched his right arm out in her direction, his head turning towards the window. Mila felt around on his arm for a while, finding a vein and cleaning the site. "This'll pinch," she warned. Kit flinched a little as the needle went in, sighing when Mila secured the tube to his skin. "There," she said. She put a hand on Kit's shoulder and gave it a squeeze. "That wasn't so bad, was it?" Kit looked down towards his stomach. "Barely felt it," he joked. Mila and Poe both chuckled. A large, orange gas giant grew out from the bottom window frame, glowing in the relative blackness. Kit lost his breath. "Man, Poe," he said. "When you said it was big, you weren't kidding." "Which system is that?" Mila asked, looking up. "That's Yavin," Poe answered, his voice laced with nostalgia. "And that little dark dot in front of it—" he indicated to where he was mentioning with his index finger "—is Yavin IV." He smiled a little. "That's home." "You're a Colonist?" Mila exclaimed, her face brightening with curiosity and surprise. Poe nodded, enthused by her interest. "That I am." He looked out at the gas giant, his eyes trapped in a distant memory. "Mom used to take me up in her A-Wing, when I was a kid. I'd sit on her lap with my hands on the stick, her hands over mine. We flew right out here more times that I can count." He grinned, though a tinge of grief rested in his dark gaze. "So whenever I hit realspace here now, I always think of her." He sat in silence for a bit, drifting off into the soft haze of his wistfulness with a faint smile on his lips. Mila watched him for a second, the orange light from the gas giant illuminating his face and dancing in his deep brown eyes. Though his features were relatively sharp, even a bit proud to those that didn't know him well enough, a noticeable softness rested behind them, the type no one would expect from a starfighter of his caliber. Compassion rested in his eyes, the kind that was easy to get lost in. A few hours before, Poe Dameron had only been a little more than a name. But after meeting him, especially after seeing how well he looked after his squadron, Mila decided she liked the man that the name stood for. "What about you, Lieutenant?" Kit suddenly asked. "Where're you from?" Mila turned, falling out of the stupor she didn't realize she was in. "What was that?" "Where're you from?" "Oh," Mila chuckled a little. "I'm from Hosnian." "Me, too! What part?" "Senate district. Not terribly far from base. What about you?" "Same area!" His face lit up. "Small galaxy, huh?" For a few moments, patient and doctor went on about home, exchanging stories about this landmark and that. Though it was exhausted, Mila's face visibly brightened as she talked about her parents and three brothers, recounting for Kit all the trouble they got into as kids. Kit listened intently, meeting her newfound energy as he went on about his small family, a little diner in the middle levels that was impossible to find but impossible to forget if you found it, and the adolescent mayhem of his Academy days. Poe couldn't help but grin as he watched them. "—but General Antilles walked in on them one night, and that was the end of that." He laughed. "Thought he was gonna blow a circuit. It was pretty bad for Marc and Jessa, but the rest of us thought it was kriffing hilarious ." Mila cracked up. "Something like that happened to my roommate. Except she was found on the floor in a utility closet…." Poe snickered loudly. Kit grinned mischievously, his smug gaze boring into Poe. "That sounds a little like the Aleena Tavik incident," he dragged out. Poe's eyes bugged, a tinge of embarrassment warming his face. "Don't even think about it, Lieutenant." "Oh," Kit sighed, reveling in his commanding officer's mortified torment as a sleazy grin flashed across his face. He drummed his fingers together calculatingly as his eyes dramatically rolled towards Mila. "To spill…. Or not to spill…." Poe laughed nervously. "Anderon, I swear—" "It's a sweeping tale of passion and stupidity. Very gripping. Very scandalous ." "Kit—" Kit turned enthusiastically towards Mila. "It was a warm summer evening—" " No! " "Oh, yes. It was a warm summer evening back on Hosnian—" Poe looked dead inside. "I'm begging you, Anderon," he pleaded, his voice shaking with suppressed, nervous laughter. "Shut. Up." Kit laughed until tears streamed down his face. "Alright, alright. I'll have mercy on your bugslut soul." Poe heavily sighed with relief. " Thank you." Kit grinned. "You better be glad Karé's not awake. She'd have chucked your butt under the speeder so fast." Mila cracked up, shaking her head. Part of her wanted to know; most of her was glad she didn't. She grinned at her patient. "I'll be back to check up on you in a few hours, Kit," she informed, handing him a comlink. "But if you need anything before then, comm me, alright?" Kit nodded. "Thanks, doc." "Don't mention it." She laid a hand on Kit's shoulder. "Get some rest. You need it." She looked at Poe. "And that goes for you, too, Commander." "Call me Poe." Mila smiled, a little taken aback by the sudden sureness of the commander's request. "And look after yourself, too, Lieutenant. Please." Mila nodded, her smile broadening a little. "I will." She took a few steps backwards, suddenly finding it hard to leave. "And you can call me Mila." She nodded towards Kit. "Both of you." Poe smiled softly. "Goodnight, Lieuten—Mila." "Goodnight, Poe." She turned to leave, heading back towards the door and walking through a maze of white hallways to her quarters. She gratefully took a shower and changed out of her bloodied uniform, settling down on her cot with a relieved moan. And as she finally drifted sleep that night, she realized she had savored the feel of the commander's name on her lips a little too much. Chapter 4 : Homecoming Chapter 4: Homecoming She needed to wake him up. She needed to tell him they were making planetfall. That they would be back on base in less than an hour and that Command was going to be looking for him. But standing beside his cot, watching his chest gently rise and fall from underneath the blanket that was loosely tucked under his arm, Mila couldn't bring herself to. Over and over, her hand had moved to grasp Poe's shoulder. To gently shake him awake. And every time, it had recoiled into a nervous fist. He needed the sleep. Badly. Especially after the night he'd had. But it wasn't his desperate need of a recharge that stymied her. It was his face, Mila finally decided. Beforehand, it had been exhausted, deep brown eyes lit with worry, his brows knitted in aggravated confusion, his jaw tight with apprehension as he tried to piece together what had happened. As he wrestled with concern for the future of his fallen friend. But now, as he slept, there was peace. Quiet. Rest. As the light from Hosnian's sun warmed his relaxed features, Mila wasn't sure she wanted to take that from him yet. She inwardly chastised herself for hesitating, forcing her hand forwards again. Only to arrive at the same place where she started. Finally, she made herself do it. Her small fingers wrapped around the edge of his shoulder, the fabric from his shirt warm and soft under her skin, and gave him a gentle shake. "Poe," she said softly. "Commander, wake up." His brow furrowed, and his eyes flickered open. "Hey," he greeted with a soft, sleepy smile, his voice deep and tired as he sat up and stretched. "I miss something?" "We're making planetfall," Mila reported, feeling inexplicably dazed as his eyes met hers. "We'll be back on base in less than an hour." Nodding, Poe squeezed his eyes shut and raked his hand over his face, almost as if he was wiping the rest of the sleepiness from it. "Thanks for letting me know." He rolled over and tapped BB-8 lightly on the top of his dome, smiling a little as the droid came to life under his palm. BB-8 beeped a greeting and rolled forwards, only to have the charger cord yank him to a stop. He beeped in dismay. "Hang on, buddy," Poe laughed, sitting up and throwing his legs over the side of the cot. "I got it. There. Try it again." BB-8 beeped happily, rolling backwards and watching as his master stood and grabbed his flight boots and pulled a sand-colored flight jacket over his shoulders. "Where are the others?" he asked, looking around the room with a furrowed brow as he noticed the rest of his squadron had disappeared. "They went for breakfast," Mila reported, walking across the room towards Kit's bed as she spoke. "Decided to let you sleep. You needed it." Poe nodded, walking up behind her and looking down at a sleeping Kit. "How is he?" Mila grinned, glancing over the various scanners and monitors that her patient was plugged into. "When I talked to him last, he said he was hungry enough to eat the whole cruiser. That's always a good sign." Poe laughed, shaking his head and looking down at the young pilot. "There's the Kit we all know and love," he chuckled. He gripped his friend's shoulder and took a step back. "I'll let you get back to work, Lieu—Mila." Mila smiled at him and nodded. An amber light engulfed the entire room as the cruiser sank into Hosnian's atmosphere. Poe squinted a little as his eyes adjusted, looking back to where Mila was working, and his feet suddenly refused to back up another centimeter. The warm colors from Hosnian's sunrise softened the lieutenant's already soft features even further, the flecks of green in her hazel eyes popping under the light. Quietly she worked on, her fingers gracefully dancing across the controls, her full lips slightly parted and her brow knitted in concentration as she took her patient's vitals. One of her hands – small and soft and gentle – brushed a stray lock from Kit's face as she examined the wound on his temple. The movement was so quiet, so tender, that Kit hardly stirred under her touch. In fact, he seemed to melt under it. Poe watched for a moment, fascinated by how she could be so efficient and so soothing all at once. The last time he had seen her, she had been covered in soot and dried blood, her face drained of any and all energy as her brown hair lazily sagged out of her ponytail. Now that she had gotten some rest and was no longer seeped in stress, he noticed something he hadn't seen before. She was a beautiful woman. Something strange – something warm – stirred within him, and he found it next to impossible to look away. The corner of his lips curled upwards in an indulgent half-smile as he shamelessly took her in. Part of him chastised himself for it; the rest of him could care less. Suddenly his comm beeped, and he was snatched from his stupor. He dug the device from one of his pockets and answered. "Dameron, here." "Commander Dameron," a voice came from the other side. "This is Major Deso. Command requests you and your squadron to report to headquarters as soon as you arrive. They have some questions for you." Poe nodded. "Yes, sir. We'll be there." "It's good to have you back, Commander. We will see you then." Poe smiled, and for reasons she couldn't explain, Mila felt her heart flutter at the sight of it. "Alright. Dameron out." He returned the comlink to his pocket. "Reconnaissance of some kind?" Poe looked up, finding Mila's eyes and involuntarily searching them for a second. "Not sure," he answered with a little bit of a shrug. "But if I'm going to Republic Command—" his dark eyes flicked upwards to his nappy hair as he stepped back "—then I've got some work to do." Mila laughed softly. "Then you'd better get on it. We're not far out at all." Poe shot her another crooked grin – one that effectively robbed the breath from her lungs – and picked up his duffel. BB-8 beeped at him. "I'd rather you stand watch here, buddy," Poe said. "When they come back, I need you to tell them what we're doing. And make sure they're all alright." The droid whistled and cooed again, his little body rocking in rhythm to his binary-speak. "Yeah." He looked over at Mila as she worked, a soft smile pulling at the corners of his lips. "Her, too. She's earned it." Once again drifting into that gentle trance as Mila's silhouette glided to the other side of Kit's bed, Poe disappeared behind the refresher door. He flicked on the lights and abruptly froze. His brow furrowed, and found himself suddenly short of breath. What the hell has gotten into me? With enough force to tear the hull off a freighter, his rational mind ripped him out of his stupor, shaking him back to reality as a flotilla of questions suddenly barraged him. He clenched his eyes shut and shook his head, gaping a little bit as he hastily fought for the answers. I'm just glad to be back, that's all, he convinced himself. After all the hell we've been through the past few days or so, it's just good to see something familiar. He smiled with relief, confident in his answer. Yeah. That's it. But even though everything within him tried to deny it, he couldn't ignore that his heart was shyly beginning sing her name. Republic City, Hosnian Prime's capitol, strongly resembled the cityscape of Coruscant, but it was cleaner. Prettier. More graceful. Thousand-story buildings rose up from the bottom of the large window by Kit's bed, the distant, grass-banked river occasionally peaking out between the spaces between them. Mila couldn't help but smile as she took it all in. After the nightmare that the attack on Dantooine had been, it was good to finally be home. Kit had elected to use a stronger turn of phrase when he described the feeling, but they both agreed. Voices and footsteps traveled through the room to her ears, and she turned around, smiling as the rest of Rapier Squadron passed through the door. Kit's face lit up. "Karé!" he called, absolutely beaming. Karé's jaw fell slack, and her face flooded with relief. "Kit!" she just about shrieked. She ran towards her friend's bedside, her flight boots pulling her to a squeaky halt. There were tears in her eyes. "You're okay!" Kit laughed, reaching up and hugging her tightly. There were hugs and handshakes and laughter all around, and everyone excitedly jabbered on about how happy they were to see him in one piece. Mila stood back, watching as their infectious joy filled the room with a huge grin on her face. Moments like this, she told herself, were why she spent her life doing what she did. The refresher door slid open, and Poe stepped out, a broad grin encompassing his face when he saw the rest of Rapier standing in front of him. He took a step forward, but elected to lean up against the wall with his arms folded across his chest, watching them carry on for a while. Mila glanced at him, and he smiled at her and winked. BB-8 suddenly squealed, rolling over towards the bed and nearly knocking Iolo over. Everyone laughed. "Hey, buddy!" Kit smiled, reaching down and touching the droid's dome. "I'm holding up okay. What about you?" BB-8 chirped, his little body pitching with unbridled excitement as he talked on. "Well, that's good," Kit grinned. "Think Poe'd have a heart attack if you weren't!" The droid rolled over to where Mila was standing and nudged her leg, beeping and chirping and bobbing back and forth. Six pairs of eyes landed on her, and she met them with a modest smile. Karé stood from where she had been kneeling and walked over to her, grinning and giving her a hug. "Thank you," she said, nodding back tears. By the way her voice shook, Mila knew her words weren't hollow. "I don't think I can say that enough. None of us can." Mila grinned and nodded. "Any time." The two women came back to Kit's bedside. Karé sat down next to him and grinned down at Iolo, who happily sat in the floor in front of her. "Does Poe know he's awake?" Iolo asked, raising his oddly colored eyes to Mila. Mila opened her mouth to talk, but Kit excitedly cut her off. "Saw him last night, Iolo, right after I woke up. The lieutenant and I'd been looking at the stars, and he came over. We flew right past Yavin. Got to talk to Mila some, too. Found out the she's from Hosnian!" "Oh, you are?" Iolo and Karé said at roughly the same time. Mila smiled and nodded. Kit grinned mischievously. "And the Aleena Tavik incident may or may not have almost gotten out. Almost." Karé snorted and doubled over with laughter, Kit patting her back and snickering. From where he was standing, Poe sighed and rolled his eyes. "He better be glad we weren't awake, huh Iolo?" Karé giggled, holding her sides. Iolo smothered a laugh with a pale, long-fingered hand, nodding as he squeezed his eyes shut. The whole squadron was cracking up. Mila shook her head, smiling. "That's not going away any time soon, is it?" Poe chuckled from where he was standing. "Look who crawled out of the mynock hole!" Karé exclaimed, her face lighting up even more that it already had as her commanding officer made his way over towards them. The rest of the squadron enthusiastically greeted him. He laughed softly. "You holding up okay, Commander?" Kit asked. Poe nodded. "Never mind me," he smiled. "How about you?" Kit grinned. "Rapier Five, still standing by." Poe laughed, shaking his head. A few of the other Rapiers softly cheered. Karé affectionately rubbed his shoulder. "We'll be back on base in another fifteen minutes or so," Mila said, resting her hand on her patient's slim shoulder. "We'll get you to the med center and get an eval done and go from there." She smiled. "But I think you're gonna be just fine, Kit. You've put up a hard fight." "That you have," Karé heartily agreed. Kit grinned. "Having a good doctor doesn't hurt, either." "Yeah, but had you given up in that hallway, I wouldn't have been much help, now would I?" "Nah. Not really." He folded his hands behind his head and leaned back, a rascally smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. "But you've got a nice face, so you made it pretty easy." Everyone laughed. The squadron talked and carried on, cracking jokes and rebounding from them with the tightness of a family. Mila found herself grinning ear-to-ear, content to see them as happy as they were after everything that had happened. She felt Poe's warm hand slide up her back and rest on her shoulder, giving it a gentle squeeze, and she couldn't help but smile at him. His deep eyes met her gaze, and her ability to breathe momentarily vanished. That reaction, she found, was becoming more frequent, but she wasn't sure why. At least, that's what she tried to tell herself. A soft alarm buzzed in their ears, and everyone fell silent. A few of the Rapiers started packing up. The floor vibrated as the cruiser's landing gear was deployed, and the soft roar of the engines soon died out. Rubbing Mila's shoulder and stepping back, Poe went back to his corner, quickly folding up his cot and carrying on a little conversation with his astromech droid. Mila moved to the head of Kit's bed. "You ready to get out of here?" she asked, smiling. "Hell yes," he sighed, grinning. Mila laughed. "Let's go, then," she said, flipping a few of the controls in front of her. The bed floated across the floor, Kit pumping a fist into the air as he passed through the threshold and into the hallway. Rapier filed in around him. They made their way through the cruiser, finally coming up on the gangplank. Warm sunlight poured onto the flight line below them, peaking through the clouds that hung in the sky. Mila smiled as her feet stepped off the durasteel and onto the permacrete, Hosnian's cool morning breeze streaming up her nose. Poe had fallen into step next to her, BB-8 rolling along beside him. Every inch of his countenance fairly screamed with relief. After almost two days, the worst of it was finally, finally over. "Welcome home, Lieutenant," he said, grinning down at Kit. He gently rubbed Mila's back. "Both of you." Chapter 5 : Liars Chapter 5: Liars Poe stepped through a set of blast doors, raking his hand through his dark hair and sighing. Reporting to Republic Command had never – and would never – crack his list of favorite pastimes. He was convinced he could park his fighter in the conference room and point to the burn marks on its hull, the dent in the repulsors – he could even rip the console from the cockpit and cue up the detailed list the fighter kept of everything it engaged – and they'd still blame the attack on space debris or something infinitely moronic like that. Blame the deaths of two Rapiers and the near death of a third on a "freak accident." Or "the nature of the patrol." In this case, "nature of the patrol" was the premade option they had gone with. That, as far as Poe was concerned, was inexcusable. But there was nothing he could do against them, not unless he wanted to lose his command and flush the careers of every last one of his pilots. As he exited, everyone's heads shot up. "What'd they say?" Karé gushed. "What're they gonna do?" Poe shook his head, frowning. "They've 'examined the compiled evidence' and are sending an intelligence team to Dantooine so they can 'assess the extent of the damage.'" "So nothing, then?" "Hit the nail on the head, Lieutenant." Karé scoffed, throwing her hands into the air. Iolo's shoulders sagged. Muran groaned. Six and Eleven both deflated. "I don't know what they hell they're thinking," Poe sighed, sitting down between Karé and Iolo. "But it's what they're going with." "And you thought they'd ever do anything different?" Iolo sighed. "I had hoped." Poe rubbed his temple. "Don't know why I did." He sighed. "I was sure that gun would have raised a few questions. It didn't." He put his elbows on his knees, lowering his head into his hands. "I hate that. For Kit. For Reaves and Ordona. It's like their lives mean nothing." Karé rubbed her friend's back, giving his shoulder a pat. "I know," she said. They all sat there in silence for a minute, everyone fighting to process what had just happened. There were few things that could make a Rapier feel helpless, but this was definitely one of them. Everyone was so shocked – so frustrated – that the ability to talk was all but struck from them. Finally Iolo broke the silence. "I ran by and saw Kit before we came over here," he said, trying to lighten the mood a little. "Lieutenant Criss was about to give him a second round in the bacta tank. Apparently they've got better quality stuff planetside than they do on the cruisers." He smiled. "But Kit perked up a good bit when I saw him. He already looks a lot better. Said his stomach was still giving him some trouble, but it wasn't quite as mad at him as it was a few nights ago." He looked at his commanding officer, who still held his head in his hands, and gripped his shoulder. "And Mila wanted me to tell you hello for her." A bright grin suddenly burst across Poe's face. Karé and Iolo looked at each other from over his back, their faces lighting up. "I told you," Karé silently mouthed, her eyes shining as a grin tried to break across her face. Iolo's eyes darted back and forth between Karé and Poe, who was sitting up. The two Rapiers smiled at each other, Karé nodding and Iolo gaping like he had just had an epiphany. "What're you two grinning about?" Poe asked, the starts of an unsure smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. "Nothing," Karé said, forcing the corners of her lips down, almost as if her face was shrugging. "Just happy that Kit's okay." Poe scoffed, his dark eyes smiling. "You're a horrible liar." "Not as bad as you are, Mr. I'm-Not-Interested." Iolo fought not to laugh. Poe's brow furrowed. "What are you talking about?" "Oh," Karé exclaimed sarcastically. "So now you're not only lying, but also playing stupid to cover up the fact that you're lying?" Poe gave her a look. "Kit told me," Karé went on triumphantly, a mischievous grin splitting her face. "I asked him what brought up the Aleena Tavik incident, and he told me." Poe sighed, an exasperated grin stretching across his face. "I told him I wasn't interested. Have I ever lied to any of you?" "Not well," Iolo snickered. A loud chuckle escaped Karé's lips before she suddenly bit it back. Poe sighed. "You're getting a kick out of this, aren't you?" Karé nodded, stifling laughter. "Little bit, yeah." "I swear, Karé, I was telling the truth!" "Ooh, getting defensive, are we?" "I was!" "Oh, really? Then why's your face turning red?" "It's not red." "Yes it is! Looks like one of my quad engines!" The whole squadron burst out laughing. Iolo clapped Poe on the back. Karé stood, a smile still jutting across her face. "Well, I'm about to eat the doorframe, so I think I'm gonna go get some lunch, check over my fighter, and then go check on Kit. Anybody game?" "Sure," Muran said. "Sounds good to me," Iolo agreed. The squadron pulled out, moving in one big group and talking back and forth. "Oh," Karé piped up. "And somebody make sure to grab the commander's life support vest before we head over to the med center. He's probably gonna need it." Poe groaned. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't stop thinking about him. It frustrated her – kept her from her work – but mostly, it scared her. She couldn't bring herself to deal with the question of why. The answer made her heart flutter and drop to her toes all at the same time. Every fifteen minutes or so, she would hear the unmistakable high shriek of an X-wing's engines soar over the medcenter, and every time one did, she grinned. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't keep a straight face. "You hear that?" Kit said softly, exhaustion weighing his features down. "They're running drills. Sounds like cadet work." He closed his eyes. "I hear an X-wing, two A-wings and a Y-wing." He grinned as another fighter flew over. "But that—" he motioned to the ceiling as if he could see the fighter "—was Poe." Mila's brow furrowed, and she smiled at her patient as she sat down on the side of his bed. "How'd you know?" "Quad engines sound just a little bit deeper than the rest. You get to know the sounds of your squad members' fighters. Poe's is deep and steady; Karé's kinda shouts at you; Iolo's is real smooth and even. You spend enough time around us, and you'll be able to hear the differences, too." Mila smiled softly. "What did your fighter sound like?" Kit grinned. "I only really heard the engines from the outside a few times. It… it just kinda sang. Even, kinda like Iolo's, but loud as hell, like Karé's. Soon I'll have a new one to describe for you. I'll be sure to come back and tell you about it—" his brown eyes twinkled "— unless Commander Dameron beats me to the chase." Mila softly smiled at her toes. "He came to see me earlier today, not but five minutes after you went for break." "You tell him your news?" Kit grinned. "Not yet. I wanna tell them all at once." Mila smiled. "They'll be happy to have you back." Kit beamed. "I can't wait to tell them, Mila. They're gonna freak." He shook his head, chuckling just a little bit. "Karé might cry, and she doesn't cry. Ever." He sighed. "Never seen her cry, but I've heard it. Over the comm, when my fighter was going down. That may've been the worst part of the whole thing. Yeah, dropping out of the sky wasn't fun, but…" He shook his head. "That kind of thing can haunt a man for the rest of his life." Mila nodded, suddenly solemn. "But now she doesn't have to worry. None of them do. Neither does my family. Poe said they all just about fainted when he commed them and told them. So did my girlfriend. But I get to see them tomorrow and tell them I'm gonna be just fine. And I can't kriffing wait, Mila." Mila grinned at him, gently putting a hand on his slim shoulder. "He asked after you, too," Kit went on, suppressing a knowing grin. "Poe did, when I saw him this afternoon. Just wanted to know how you were. And he says hi back." Mila grinned, and Kit couldn't help but notice how her whole composure softened at the commander's name. The same way – he suddenly realized – that Poe's had at hers. "Look out that window, and you might be able to see the flight line." The young pilot sat up a little bit. "See him maneuver a little bit. It's pretty awesome to watch." Mila looked at him, and he nodded. "Go ahead," he said. "I can't get over there, so you'll have to tell me what he's doing." "I can try," Mila replied, standing and moving across the room. She stood by the window, her breath catching in her throat at the sunset that rose in front of them, and watched for a second. "You know which one's his, Mila?" Mila nodded, smiling a little bit. "The black one." The engines roared overhead, and Poe's X-Wing shot into view. Mila grinned. "I see him," she said. "Watch for a second." Mila's small frame leaned against the side of the window, her arms tucking in across her chest. The fighter's silhouette darkened the clouds – which nearly matched its quad engines in color – as it effortlessly cut through the air. Her mouth fell open a little bit, the starts of a wistful smile tugging at the corners of her lips. He made it look so easy. So freeing. Part of her wondered what went through his head when he climbed into the cockpit. She could just see his face – it would be grinning – as the canopy came down around him and the fighter assertively rose from the permacrete. A huge grin suddenly split her face. The idea of him being that happy – that unrestricted – made her heart swell a little. Though, at the moment, she had trouble admitting why. The X-wing suddenly rose out of view, and Mila waited for a second, hoping it would return. She looked over her shoulder to say something to Kit, who was watching his commanding officer fly from where he was, when the young pilot suddenly burst out laughing. "What?" Mila asked, her brow knitting in puzzlement. "He's inverted!" He nodded towards the window. "Look!" She turned back towards the window just in time to see the fighter shoot past, completely upside-down. "Nerfherder," Kit snickered. "It's like he knows you're watching or something." Mila grinned. "What's that got to do with anything?" she asked, chuckling a little bit. "Oh," Kit shrugged. "Nothing. Must've just timed well." He grinned and hastily tacked on, "What do you think of him?" Mila was slightly taken aback. "Of who? Poe?" "Yeah." Mila stopped and thought for a second. "He's an incredible pilot," she said slowly. "That goes without saying. And he takes good care of his squadron." Kit nodded. "Anything else?" he added, raising his eyebrows expectantly. Mila shrugged. "Not that I can think of. He's… I don't know. He's a good man. I like him." She nodded, pursing her lips and trying to seem as nonchalant as possible. "I like him a lot." Kit's eyes shone a little, and Mila swore there was a little bit of mischief behind them. "You do?" "Yeah. I do." "'Cause, just to let you know, Mila, he's pretty fond of you, too." Mila laughed a little. "I've got you to thank for that, Lieutenant." "Yeah, well—" he folded his hands behind his head "—you two have me to thank for a lot of things." He flashed her a rascally grin, and the lieutenant couldn't help but chuckle. "But not this one," he went on, his features softening a little. "You did that all by yourself. You're not afraid to do what you need to do, and he appreciates that." He paused. "In other words, he likes that you're insane." Mila laughed out loud. "What? He's a pilot. It's part of his job description. And if someone's just as crazy as he is, he kinda gravitates towards them. Just how he's wired." Mila nodded a little bit, fighting to keep the smile that wanted to burst across her face contained. Kit's comm suddenly beeped, and he reached to the small table next to him and answered. "Anderon, here." "Hey, baby face," Karé laughed. Kit groaned. "You ever gonna stop calling me that, Lieutenant?" Karé stopped and thought for a second, humming for added effect. "Nah." Kit chuckled exasperatedly. "So, what's up?" "You close to a window?" "Yeah. We can see you flying. Tell Dameron that that was a snazzy inversion." Karé snickered. "Kriffing showoff." Kit laughed out loud. "But yeah," Karé went on. "Want you to watch for a sec." She paused. "Go ahead, Iolo!" she shouted. Quad engines revved behind her. Kit smiled a little bit. "What are you guys up to?" "Just keep watching." The young pilot sat up a little bit, craning his neck to get a better view. Another fighter roared overhead, flying straight towards the horizon before rocketing straight up and barrel-rolling. "Whaddya think?" Karé asked. "Can you see her?" "Yep. Looks like she moves well." "She does. You barely have to touch anything and she turns. Handles like a dream." "You fly her?" "Yeah, I did. Muran did, too. So did Poe. Iolo's taking her to try out those cannons." "Is she new?" "Right off the assembly line. Hull's practically still hot." Kit nodded. "And they wanted you to test her out?" Kit could practically hear the smile burst across her face. "No, you wanted us to test her out." Kit froze, his brow knitting. "Wait. What?" "She's yours, Anderon. She's waiting for you." Kit beamed. "You're serious ?" "Yeah!" "Really?" "Do I sound like I'm lying?" He laughed. "This your idea?" "Nah," Karé replied. "You get to blame your CO for this one, bud." Mila smiled before she could stop herself. "Tell him thank you for me," Kit smiled. He sighed, trying to make himself sound as rueful as possible. "But you don't even know if I'm gonna make it yet." He gave Mila a knowing look. Mila's grin widened. "Well, consider this your incentive!" Karé laughed, though a little bit of emotion thickened her voice. "Die on me, nerfherder, and I am not gonna be happy!" Kit laughed out loud. "You guys coming to see me tonight?" "Of course we are! Why wouldn't we?" Kit grinned. "We're heading your way, right after we're done here. Come bother you for a little bit. How's that sound?" "Pretty damn good, actually. I miss you guys." "Miss you too, bud. See you in a half an hour or so." Engines screamed behind her. "Iolo's landing, so I gotta scoot. Make sure he doesn't ding up your new baby." Kit laughed. "Hurry every chance you get." "See ya." Karé heard landing gear deploy as soon as she replaced her comm on her belt. The canopy popped open as she rolled a ladder next to the fighter, and Iolo climbed down. He took off his helmet and shook his hair free, a grin splitting his face. Techs ran past him to cool the fighter down and get it situated for the night. "How was she?" Karé called. Iolo shook his head, laughing. "She's got quite the temper!" he shouted back, his face flushed and his hands shaking a little from adrenaline. "Dead shot. Absolutely vaped everything she aimed at." He clapped the hull. "Fighter like this is hard to come by. Kit'll have a blast with her." Iolo's astromech whistled in agreement. He chuckled. "We got a keeper?" Poe called, jogging up beside Iolo. BB-8 rolled in behind him. "Hell yes," Iolo grinned. "Hands down." He nodded down the flight line. "Yours fly alright?" Poe nodded. "As surely as ever. You?" "Had a few issues with the pitch, but it wasn't hard to fix. Everything else's working just fine." "Good." "So we can head in now?" Karé cut in, backing up towards the blast doors on the other side of the permacrete. "Yep." Karé grinned and whipped around, taking off running. Poe and Iolo exchanged glances. "If either one of you nerfherders thought I was waiting for you, I'm not!" she called over her shoulder. "Hold on, baby!" Poe shouted, raising his voice to match Karé's in pitch. "Mama's coming!" "At least Mama's not gonna need life support in there, lover boy!" "Ohhh!" Iolo guffawed. Poe groaned, his voice shaking with suppressed laughter. "Damn it, Karé!" "Come on! You walked right into that one!" Poe rolled his eyes, and exasperated smile pulling at the corners of his mouth as he silently laughed. "You really did," Iolo snickered. The commander shook his head, chuckling. "Come on," he said, clapping his friend on the back. "We can't let her get too far ahead, can we?" They took a few steps, exchanged glances, and sprinted across the permacrete. He didn't want to admit it – not even to himself – but he was very, very tired. Mila had told him that he would likely feel a little worse for a few days after a bacta treatment because of the sense of bliss the liquid gave. And he hadn't believed her. Stupid. Kit shrugged. At least that stuff really did taste a little like shuura fruit. His eyes flickered a little, and his head drooped forward onto his chest. His brown eyes snapped open; his head jerked back up, only to have exhaustion pull them back down again. He had just closed his eyes when the door hissed open. He jumped. No one stood in the threshold. His brow furrowed a little bit, and he watched for a second. Karé's head abruptly jerked into view as she craned her neck around the doorframe, staring Kit down with a goofy look on her face until they both burst out laughing. "What the hell was that?" he asked, grinning as she shuffled into the room and gave him a hug. "Been out on the line for too long," Iolo chuckled, coming in behind Karé with Poe and Muran by his side. "How're you feeling?" Kit sighed. "A little tired, but that's really it. Got one more test before I go to sleep. Mila went to get the major. Said she had to get her CO in here to clear everything before we go any further. You just missed her." Karé elbowed Poe in the side, grinning mischievously. "Looks like you won't be needing that life support after all, Commander." Kit covered his face with both of his hands and laughed until it hurt, which in turn cracked the rest of the squadron up. "Kriff," he gasped. "It's that bad?" Karé just nodded and grinned slyly. Poe scoffed, shaking his head. "Keep telling yourself that, Lieutenant." "Denial," Kit teased. "The first stage of acceptance." Poe groaned good-naturedly. "So you're in on this too, aren't you?" Kit only laughed harder. He put a hand over his side, wincing just a little bit as he caught his breath. A smile still brightened his face. "But if it is true," he said between deep breaths. "It's a good thing. Makes me happy." Poe's face softened, and he nodded. The doors hissed open again, and Mila came through with Major Krell on her heels. "Alright, Kit," she said, looking down at her feet. "Get you checked out real quick, and you can hit the sack if you want to." She looked up and smiled when she saw the rest of the squadron. "You all holding up alright?" Everyone nodded. "Good." She made her way over towards Kit's bedside. "This won't take but ten minutes," she said. She caught Poe's gaze for a moment, and a bright smile flashed across her face. Poe grinned. "Major," Kit acknowledged. Krell's hard face softened a little bit. "How are you feeling, Lieutenant?" "Better." "You look much better than the last time we saw each other. Color's back in your face." She dug in one of her pockets and produced a small device. "Let's have a look at your stomach." The pilot shifted so the major could sit down next to him. He pulled up the side of his shirt, revealing the scar from the shrapnel. Karé winced a little at the sight of it. Krell tapped a few controls on top of the instrument and placed it against the pilot's skin, watching the holograph of the moving organ intently. Mila jotted down notes with a datapad, a smile slowly stretching across her face as she did. "Looks good," she reported. "Looks really good." Krell picked up the device and nodded. "That it does." Kit grinned at Mila knowingly, then looked at the rest of his squad. "Heard you all found me a fighter," he said. "We did," Poe smiled. "You get to see her fly?" "A little. Thing maneuvers really well." The smile on his face broadened. "Give it another three weeks, and I'll be able to test her out for myself." Karé's jaw dropped. "What?" Kit chuckled a little. "I'm gonna be just fine," he said, beaming. "Three more weeks, and I'll be back on the flight line with you guys." His last few words were drowned out by the excited reaction of his squad. Karé threw her arms around Kit's neck, laughing from sheer relief as she buried her face in the crook of his neck. Chuckling himself, Kit held her for a second, rubbing her back and grinning. Mila looked on, beaming. "I'm gonna be just fine," Kit echoed in Karé's ear. "Just fine. I'll be back to terrorizing you all soon enough." Muran and Iolo both laughed. Poe grinned so wide it hurt. "How long did you say?" Karé asked, pulling back. "Three weeks?" Kit nodded. "Not too bad, huh?" Poe shook his head, smiling. "You lucky son of a gun," he chuckled, gripping his friend's shoulder. "It'll be damn good to have you back. We've missed you." Kit smiled. "I can't wait." He sighed. "Heard something about you guys having to go to Republic Command. How'd that one go?" Poe's jaw tightened. Karé frowned. "How do you think?" "Same as always," Iolo sighed. Kit's face fell. "What did they say?" Poe came around the foot of the bed and sat down next to him. "They're dispatching an intelligence team to Dantooine to take a look." "And?" "That's it. That's all they're gonna do. Direct attack on Republic soil and that's all they do." Mila felt Krell stiffen next to her. Please don't say anything , she thought, squeezing her eyes shut and blowing out a breath. That's the last thing they need right now . Kit sighed, shaking his head. "I don't know if that frustrates me or makes me sad." He stared at his toes. "I think it's both." Poe shook his head. "I wish we could've done more, buddy. I really, really do." "Ordona and Reaves," Kit said slowly, his voice trailing off grievingly. "I know," Poe said ruefully, his shoulders sagging. "I've half a mind to fly out there, track down the culprit, and torpedo the kriff out of them myself." "I don't get why they won't just admit it," Karé murmured. "We all know who did it. That gun spoke for itself. And how are they going to explain that med cruiser? A damn asteroid?" Her jaw tightened, and she turned to Iolo, her voice low. "And didn't you say you thought you saw a Star Destroyer sitting off in the distance when you came out of the atmosphere—" "So you're blaming something the Senate confirmed as an accident on the First Order?" Krell articulated, her voice cold. "Without proof?" Mila cringed. Karé's dark eyes flashed. "The Republic is doing everything they can, Lieutenant. That should be enough." "My scanners beg to differ," Poe muttered, his dark eyes locking with Krell's icy ones. "So does the gun that shot down this pilot. I got close enough to it before I vaped it to tell—" "What you thought you saw and what actually happened, Commander, are two very different things." Poe silently fumed. Mila froze, desperately trying to figure out what to do and coming up at a complete, sickening loss. "You weren't on the ground, Major," Karé went on, fighting to keep her emotions in check. "Or even in the atmosphere. You didn't see what we saw." "In case you've forgotten, Lieutenant ," Krell snapped. "Eye witness accounts are just about worthless to Command. What you saw means nothing, unless you can find hard evidence to support it. What Intelligence finds when they get there will determine what truly happened. If warmongers like you could begin to understand that—" "Don't," Mila said shortly. "Please. Not now." Poe squeezed his eyes shut in an effort to stay calm. "I've lost almost half my squad to these people, Major, whoever you may think they are. But unlike you, I've been on patrol for years. Pirates can not run down a highly-trained fighter pilot like that. More than once. They're just not that accurate." "Then perhaps they've become so." "Not unless they've been taking hints from First Order TIEs." Krell scoffed, looking at Mila. "And here I thought you were the only one to believe that nonsense." She turned back to Poe. "If you're suggesting the Republic has been lying to you – to all of us – then you are gravely mistaken. Perhaps you place too much faith in the ability of your pilots, Commander. That might explain it." Poe's eyes opened and rolled up to meet Krell's, staring her down with the same concentrated fire that he held in a dogfight while chasing down a target. His gaze was so intense that the major backed up towards the door, unable to stand under the weight of it, and tapped the controls. "Do whatever you want to me, Major," he said, his voice low and heated. "You're allowed to go after me. I could care less if you do. But tear into my squadron, and you'd better be prepared to regret it." Muran blew out a deep breath. Karé wrapped her arms around Kit, refusing to move. Iolo put a hand on her shoulder. Krell's brow knotted. "I wonder," she said, her voice turning to ice. "What would Lieutenant Bey say if she could see what little faith her own son has placed in the democracy she fought so hard to restore?" Everyone in the room tensed, almost like a charge had been mounted on the wall and set. An idea suddenly popped into Mila's head, and she briskly moved across the room as the major smugly finished her sentence. "Commander?" she asked innocently, putting herself in between Poe and Krell. "You wanna go for a walk? Go get some fresh air?" Poe stared at her, his gaze confused and a little blank. "Right now?" Her hazel eyes flicked towards the door, hinting at an escape route. "You know what?" Kit suddenly replied. "I think he'd love to. And you said you'd been meaning to show him around, anyway." Medic and ace looked back at the young pilot with a mixture of alleviation and uncertainty. "Go on," he coaxed. "I got this. Go blow off some steam." Poe temporarily smothered his anger with a relieved, grateful smile. Kit nodded towards the door. "I think I'm gonna go to sleep now, Major," he said, his voice impressively calm. "I'll see you in the morning." Krell turned sharply on her heel, wordlessly exiting. Mila nodded towards the door. "Come on," she said softly, smiling up at Poe and putting a small hand on his shoulder. "Let's go." She led him through the threshold, out into the winding white hallways of the medcenter, out another door and up a flight of stairs. A set of blast doors hissed open in front of them, and she took him outside, to a balcony with a full view of the flight line. Quickly she turned around. "Now you know why I hate that woman, Poe," she said hurriedly. " Please tell me you're alri—" He cut her off by pulling her into his arms, resting his face in the crook of her neck and refusing to let her go. Chapter 6 : Doors Open Chapter 6: Doors Open As soon as he pulled her to him, Mila melted into Poe's arms, resting her head on his shoulder and gently rubbing his back, working out the tension that locked his muscles. She closed her eyes. Every aggravated thought she'd been harboring – Krell, the First Order, Republic Command, all of it – temporarily faded from her memory, chased away by the steady rise and fall of his chest. By the gentle strength with which he held her. A soft smile pulled at the corners of her mouth. It had been a long time since she had felt that safe. Nestled in the warmth of his embrace – even if it was a bit troubled – Mila felt as if nothing could touch her. A strange ardor stirred within her, sending her into a blissful trance as it softly knocked on the door of her heart. And yet, she stubbornly kept it closed. She didn't know why she did. Everything in her wanted to throw it wide open – to let this strange new sensation in with jaunty abandon – but she was just too scared to. Too timid. Too shy. Finding feelings was one thing. Coming to terms with them was another. Poe sighed loudly, pulling back slightly and resting his hands on her small shoulders. He smiled a little bit, his brown eyes exhausted. "Today's been a day ," he said, chuckling dryly. Mila sighed. "That it has been." "You sure you're alright?" Mila nodded. "I was more worried about you." Poe grinned at her. "I'll be fine," he reassured, giving her arm a gentle squeeze. He looked over her shoulder at the flight line, which seemed to sprawl from one horizon to the next. "How did you find this place?" he asked, moving past her and leaning on the walkway's railing. "Never been up here before." Mila came up next to him, a cool breeze caressing her hair. "My brother had come to see me one day, and we stumbled across it. I come up here to watch him fly sometimes. Or if I'm trying to get away from Krell." Poe nodding knowingly. "I'll bet." "Yeah. She's… she's fun ." "Real fun," he agreed. "I mean, Deso can push my buttons sometimes, but…" He stopped for a second, blowing out a quick breath. "That woman desperately needs a hobby." Mila laughed out loud. Poe couldn't help but join in at the sound of it. "Yeah," Mila sighed, shaking her head. The wind picked up, and she shivered a little. "You alright?" Mila nodded. "Just cold," she replied. "Here," Poe shuffled behind her for a second. The next he was draping his flight jacket over her shoulders. "You're sure?" Mila looked up at him, a little taken aback by his kindness. Poe grinned. "Spent enough time in space that I just don't get cold anymore. Not easily." A gentle smile pulled at the corners or Mila's mouth. "Thank you," she whispered. She slipped her arms through the sleeves, the tips of her fingers stopping a few inches from the cuffs. Softly chuckling, she raised her hands and flopped the extra leather around in front of her, a bright smile flashing across her face when Poe burst out laughing. Mila decided she liked the way the corners of his eyes crinkled when he did. It faded to a soft, gentle smile as his laughter died out. She found him mellifluously searching her eyes, as if he were trying to count the individual flecks of green in their irises. Her lips parting a little, she returned his gaze, silently basking in its warmth. Any and all words were completely dashed from Mila's mouth. Hesitantly her heart's door cracked open, and she poked her head out, looking that strange new feeling right in its gentle eyes as she wrestled with whether or not to let it in. It sang to her, its sweet, stalwart melody lightly whispering in her ears, slowly but surely melting the fear that had rusted the door hinges. The longer the quiet – which was oddly comfortable – lasted, the deeper his eyes seemed to get. She became completely lost in them. "What?" he whispered, the wisps of a smile tugging the corners of his mouth. The feeling gently whispered to Mila again, and her heart decided it would hear it out. "Nothing," she softly replied, unable to lower her gaze. Poe dropped his eyes, and his smile broadened. He does have a beautiful smile , a voice hesitantly whispered to her. More readily that she wanted to, Mila found herself agreeing with it. "So," he said. "You said your brother's a pilot?" Mila grinned at him. "That he is." "What squadron?" "None just yet. He's still a cadet, but not for much longer. He's about to graduate." She shook her head, smiling. "Makes me feel old ." Poe chuckled. "What's he thinking about flying?" "A-wing," Mila replied. "He likes how they handle." Poe smiled, a little nostalgia dancing in his eyes. "First ship I ever flew was an A-wing." "Really?" "Yep. That's what Mom flew. Almost took one up myself, but the first time in the cockpit of an X-wing changed my mind a little too quick." Mila laughed a little bit, her eyes sparkling. "You have any other siblings?" Mila nodded. "Two other brothers, though they're both older than Calo and I are. Damien's a mechanic, and Jaren's a Pathfinder." Poe nodded, though Mila couldn't help but notice a tiny flick of sadness that flashed in his eyes. "That's what Dad is," he said. "Was. Is. I don't know. I haven't seen him in a long time. Not since Mom died. I hope he's still alive." Mila laid a hand on his arm. "If he is," she said, "he'd be proud. So would your mom." Poe smiled at her, and it spoke more to Mila than words ever could have. "What about your folks? What do they do?" Mila grimaced a little. "Senatorial aids. Both of them." "Oh, fun ." "Yeah," Mila sighed. "Conversations get a little interesting, to say the least. We don't see eye to eye on just about everything." She smiled a little. "But I still love them, and they, me. I wouldn't trade them for the world." Poe smiled at her. He looked out in front of him, and his breath caught in his throat. "Man, you can really see everything up here, can't you?" His long fingers gripped the railing a little harder as he leaned forward, his face lighting up with an almost childlike excitement. He smiled brightly. "You can see the whole fleet!" Mila chuckled a little. "I wondered how long it would take you to figure that out." "Your brother ever show you where everything is down there?" Yes. He had. Calo had pointed out on multiple occasions. Though for whatever reason, Mila found her head shaking a silent no. A grin flashed across Poe's face. "Down there, off in the distance, where the permacrete drops off. Looks like a big rectangular pit." He pointed. "See it?" Mila nodded. "That's where they keep the destroyers. The big Corellian cruisers. General Antilles' flagship is down there somewhere, too, but I'm not sure exactly where. Come up a little further towards us, and that's where troop transports hang out when they haven't been loaded up yet. And all of that—" he motioned out towards the endless rows of slowly blinking lights "—is where the fighters are." Mila nodded. "Where's yours?" she asked, softly smiling up at him. "See where the lights turn from white to red?" he said, indicating to where he was speaking with his index finger. "That's where my fighter is. Karé's is to the right of mine; Iolo's to the right of hers. Then Muran, then Kit. Then…." He sighed. "It starts looking a little sparse." Mila's small hand found Poe's as it gripped the railing, her fingers hesitantly brushing up against his. Gently, he took it in his own, tenderly running his thumb across the tops of her knuckles. "How many people were on that cruiser?" Poe asked, his voice soft and solemn. "I was never told," Mila replied. "Though I'd guess a few thousand at the least." "All medical personnel?" Mila nodded. "And a good chunk of my platoon." Poe hummed empathetically. "How many?" "Ten. Out of twenty-five." Poe shook his head. "Ten too many." Mila sighed, looking up at him. "It's never easy, Poe. Losing a man. You know that. It hurts like hell." Her shoulders sagged. "But I don't know what's worse: the loss itself—" "—or feeling like you can't do anything about it," they finished at the same time. "Or when no one will let you do anything about it," Poe added, aggravation tingeing his voice. Mila nodded, silently agreeing with him. They stared out at the flight line, both content to watch the little bit of movement from the techs running the last checks and tests for the night. "It's twelve fighters to a squadron, right?" Mila suddenly asked. Poe nodded. "Rapier's down to seven, including me." He looked at her softly, giving her hand a squeeze. "Would've been six had it not been for you." Mila grinned at him. "I'd just pulled a patient from the field when you all flew in," she said softly. "I wish you could have seen his face, Poe. You showed up, and… man. I don't know how to describe it. The hope in his eyes. The gratitude. It… was like you could pinpoint the second when he realized he would be coming out." Her hazel eyes searched his deep brown ones for a moment before resting her head on his shoulder. "When he realized he was finally, finally safe from it all." Poe wrapped his arms around her, holding her close as his fingers gently combed through her hair. "I know the feeling," he said, resting the side of his face on the top of her head. Mila sank into his embrace, closing her eyes and simply breathing. She smiled contentedly. Her door had opened. And that feeling – that strange, warm sensation that she, at the moment, had trouble giving a name to – finally eased in, beaming at her as it stepped through the threshold. She knew it would take a little time for it to fully establish itself – for her to get comfortable with it being there – but she didn't mind. She was too excited to. Too frightened to. Too… Mila almost laughed. The more she thought about it, the more she realized she couldn't describe it. She pulled Poe a little closer, listened to the steadiness of his heartbeat, and just held him. Mila tried to memorize him. How his arms seemed to fit around her small body like long-lost puzzle pieces. How gently his fingers massaged her scalp. The warmth of his body next to hers. How he smelled, though she couldn't pinpoint exactly what it was he smelled like . The way his eyes sparkled when he laughed; how his entire face lit up when he told her about his adventures. She soaked it all in, cramming in every last detail, selfishly storing them away for later. Hesitantly Poe pulled back, resting his hands on Mila's hips and smiling softly down at her. "C'mon," he whispered, quickly running his thumb along her jaw. "We should probably head inside. Everybody's probably wondering where we got off to." Mila softly smiled, falling into step beside him. Exhaustion suddenly hit them both like a sledgehammer. "Nice little hiding place," Poe said, his voice deep and tired. He grinned. "I'll know where to look for you now." Mila chuckled. She led him back down the stairs and stopped at the blast doors, gently sliding her arms out of his flight jacket. "I believe this belongs to you," she said softly, holding it out to him. A little bit of a smile etched across Poe's face as he took it and hoisted it over his shoulders again. "Thanks," he replied. His smile widened. It smells like her . Mila shrugged a little bit, her eyes dropping to her feet. "I guess I'll see you tomorrow, then?" Poe nodded. "You will." Mila's eyes rose to his. "Go get some rest. You need it." She smiled. "I'll see you in the morning," Poe whispered. He softly kissed her forehead. "Good night." His arm dropped from her side, and he took a step back. "Good night," Mila beamed at him. He smiled back at her and disappeared around the corner. A split second passed, and he turned back around. "I can walk you back to your quarters, if you want." Mila grinned. "Sure." She walked up beside him, and he took her hand, giving it a gentle squeeze and softly smiling down at her as she led him down the corridor. No one was sure how much time had passed since Krell left, and no one had said a word. Iolo had found a chair and was almost asleep in the corner. Muran leaned up against the wall. Karé sat on Kit's bedside, numbly staring off into space. "Damn," Kit finally muttered. Silence. "Is everybody okay?" Kit asked. "Give me a minute, bud," Karé sighed, sitting up and running her hand through her long blonde hair. "I just…." She groaned frustratedly, turning around towards Kit. "You know what? Yeah. Damn is right." Iolo managed a dry chuckle. Muran nodded. "Just tell us how you really feel, Major," Karé growled at the closed door. "Thought I'd at least get a thank you for swooping in and saving your regiment's ass before—" She stopped herself. "And what about you, Kit? Or Reaves and Ordona? They're dead; you almost died. That should say something. That should say something big ." She clenched her jaw and swallowed. "I swear, it's like every time we turn around—" "Somebody else drops," Muran said solemnly. "Yeah," Karé managed. "That." No one spoke. "At this rate, how long do the rest of us have?" Karé went on. "Next time we go on patrol, will we even make it home? What if we lost Iolo? Or Muran? Or Poe, Force forbid! I don't even wanna—" "Karé," Kit cut her off, his voice low and reassuring. His brown eyes rolled up to meet hers, and he looked at her for a second. Karé let out a shaky sigh. Kit nodded, gripping her shoulder and giving it a squeeze. "I know," he whispered. "They just can't—" "I know." Karé sat on the edge of Kit's bed, her head in her hands. "But you got so… close…. " "We're not going anywhere ," Kit reassured, putting weight into every word he spoke. "I promise. I'm not dropping off your wing any time soon. None of us are." Karé chuckled a little. "You better not. If you do, I will hurt you." Someone suddenly laughed. "Damn," Poe said, yawning a little. "Karé with the threats. I don't need to separate anybody, do I?" Karé rolled her eyes and shook her head. Iolo scoffed, grinning. "You okay, Commander?" Kit asked. A wide smile cracked across Poe's face. "Yeah, buddy. Doing just fine." "What about Mila?" Poe nodded. "She's alright." "Where were you two?" "Flight line. Up over top of it. You'll have to get her to show you some time, bud." Karé sighed. "You sure you're alright?" Poe nodded. "I was more worried about you all. Didn't mean to up and leave like that." "Nah," Kit grinned. "You didn't. I kicked you out. You needed it, Commander. No worries." A little bit of mischief brimmed in his eyes. "But what were you two doing? You were gone for almost an hour." Poe's eyes popped. "We were?" "Damn," Karé piped up. "Losing semblance of time? It must have been good." Everyone laughed. "Where is she now?" "Back in her quarters. She was wiped out, so I took her back." "Good man," Muran grinned. Poe pulled over a chair and unceremoniously flopped into it, a smile pulling at the corners of his lips as he watched his squadron carry on and joke. He folded his hands across his chest, fighting to keep his eyes open. "So, when are we heading back out tomorrow, Commander?" Karé asked. She didn't get an answer. "Commander?" The lieutenant turned around and found Poe with his chin on his chest, fast asleep. She smiled, shaking her head and laughing a little bit. "Man down," she chuckled. Her dark eyes sparkled, the wisps of a smile still tugging at the corners of her lips. She suddenly grew very quiet as she watched her commander sleep. "What is it?" Iolo asked. "Nothing, Iolo," Karé murmured. "Just thinking." Iolo raised his eyebrows in anticipation. "Thinking what?" Karé's smile turned to a wide grin as she nodded towards their sleeping commanding officer. "I think they've found something in each other," she said softly. Muran's brow furrowed. "What?" "Poe and Lieutenant Criss," Karé replied, that same soft, knowing gleam in her eye. "I know it hasn't been long and that they'll deny it if you asked them, but when they look at each other..." The radiant, excited smile that shot across her face finished her thoughts better than words ever could have. Iolo and Muran exchanged glances. Kit grinned. "You see it too, don't you?" The three men nodded, all smiles. "I can't think of anybody who deserves it more," Kit said genially. "After how he sticks his neck out for us..." "He's earned it," Iolo finished. Muran nodded, his dark gaze softening. "Something tells me they both have," he said. He scoffed good-naturedly. "Now if he'd just wake up and smell the roses." Karé laughed softly. "I think he already has," she mused. "He just hasn't admitted it to himself yet." Her eyes softened. "But one thing's for sure, boys," she went on, looking towards Poe and smiling. "We're in for something special." Chapter 7 : A Close Call Chapter 7: A Close Call Mila heard the alarm from halfway down the hallway, a steady, shrieking pulse that chilled her to the bone. Breaking into a jog, she quickly tapped the combination to Kit's door and rushed through the threshold. She sped to his bedside. Something was very, very wrong. "Kit?" she asked, forcing her voice to remain calm. "Lieutenant Anderon, can you hear me?" His clammy brow furrowed, and he groaned. His skin had paled. He was breathing heavily. Mila's eyes darted to one of the monitors behind Kit's head. Her heart dropped to her stomach. "No. No, no, no, no!" Her hands, now shaking a little, pulled back Kit's sheets and lifted the corner of his shirt. Large, deep red and purple bruises steadily grew under his skin, right under the shrapnel scar. He suddenly squirmed, and one of the splotches rapidly expanded, the deep red at its center darkening to almost black. "Damn it!" she whispered sharply. He was bleeding internally. Kit's dark eyes snapped open, panic flailing within them. Mila ran a hand through his hair, hoping it would calm him down. "I'm right here, buddy," she soothed, straining to keep her voice level as she started to wheel him out towards the OR. "It's nothing to worry about. You're gonna be just fine." He had already gone into shock. Several other medics had heard the alarm and rushed to Mila's side. "It won't take much effort to fix this, Kit," Mila reassured. "I promise." Kit nodded, his drooping eyes not leaving hers. "And you won't be awake this time, bud. That's always a plus." Despite himself, Kit managed a small chuckle. The doors to the OR hissed open, and the head surgeon, a lieutenant colonel, took over. "Lieutenant Criss," he greeted, his voice amazingly level. "Colonel Sundar," she sighed, relieved to see him. In contrast to Krell, Sundar never seemed to be uptight, and whenever he came in the room, everyone instantly relaxed. Out of all her commanding officers, Mila had always liked him best. "What happened?" Sundar asked, his blue eyes concerned as he fell in stride next to his lieutenant. "Stomach is leaking," Mila said hurriedly. "Cauterization was fine last night when I saw him. He must have been restless." "Anything to cause it?" Mila's jaw tightened. "Incident stress. Let's say that." "What happened?" Mila swallowed. "He could tell you better than I can, sir. The last few days have just—" "Anybody got a lock on those sedatives?" Sundar called, taking a few long-stridden steps to a nearby sink to sterilize his hands and lower arms. Mila scrambled for a long syringe, quickly finding a vein and inserting the needle into Kit's skin as gently as she could. "Don't worry, buddy," she whispered as his muscles relaxed and his eyes closed. "You're gonna be just fine." She turned back to Sundar. "The last few days have been hard on him." Sundar nodded. "Lieutenant, see if you can get a hold of Rapier Squadron. They need to know." "Now, sir?" "Yes," Sundar ordered, pulling on a pair of surgical gloves. "It won't take me long to sew this up. You caught it before it really got bad. Don't worry about him. But Rapier needs to know as absolutely soon as possible. Go." "Are you sure you're not gonna need my help, Colonel?" Sundar smiled a little, shaking his head. "I'm sure. Rapier's gonna need you more than I will. Drop a line to the CO." "On it, sir," Mila said, crisply turning back around and rushing through the door. She sped out to the overlook from a few nights before and fumbled with her comm. Don't panic , she told herself. He's in good hands; he's going to be fine . The comm beeped several times, but no one answered. Mila's stomach dropped to her toes. "Come on, Poe," she whispered impatiently. "What in hell are you doing?" "We're not having this discussion again, Commander." Poe's shoulders tensed rigidly, his index finger pointedly fixed to the top of the large conference table that sprawled in front of him. His dark eyes stared – no, bored – directly into his commanding officer's. True to form, Major Deso didn't waver. Barely even blinked. "All I'm asking is that that task force keep their eyes open," Poe explained, his voice straining under the heat of his anger. His eyes flicked to a muted holo report in the corner of the room. "Senate Intelligence isn't overtly good at doing that." "What makes you say that?" Poe squeezed his eyes shut. "Almost half of my squadron is dead , Major. One is in serious condition." "Yes, we know. Because of an unfortunate series of accidents." Poe sighed through his nose, clenching his teeth. He opened his mouth to speak, but was abruptly cut off. "Don't even start, Commander," Deso snapped. "I know what you're thinking. And it's not the truth." "How do you know that, Major?" Poe's comm vibrated in his pocket, but he ignored it. "If the First Order crossed neutral space and made a direct attack on Republic soil, they would be in direct violation of the Galactic Concordance. And I don't think they plan on risking all-out war with the most powerful force in the galaxy." Poe was too livid to notice his comm dying out, then vibrating again a few seconds later. "Ever thought that that may be what they want?" he said pointedly. Deso rolled his eyes and groaned. "They're fledgling , Commander. Poorly funded. Poorly organized. A handful of scorned loyalists. They know as well as you do that blatantly attacking us would be suicide!" "Do they?" Deso pinched the bridge of his nose between his fingers, sighing exasperatedly. "Do they, Major? Because Rapier's not sure that they do." "You never have been, Commander." "Because my men aren't blind ." "No. They're not. They're delusional ." Poe raised his eyebrows, gaping a little, completely lost for words. Deso rocked forward on the heels of his hands, leaning across the table intimidatingly, locking eyes with the commander and refusing to drop his gaze. "Listen to me very carefully, Commander," Deso said slowly, emphasizing every one of his words as if he were speaking to a convict. "When you and your squadron get to Dantooine, you will only do what protocol demands you do. Nothing more. Yes, it irks me to some degree that Intelligence is walking on glass with this one. Lieutenant Reaves' and Lieutenant Ordona's deaths are unfortunate. But those orders came directly from the Senate, Commander, so there is nothing anyone can do about it. That's just how it works. If you think that—" Suddenly the door hissed open, and Karé burst through, winded. The color was completely drained from her face. "Commander," she gasped. "We've got a situation—" "Lieutenant Kun?" Deso's voice reeked with disdain. "Apologies, Major. It's urgent." "Urgent?" Karé completely ignored him and looked at Poe. "Commander, I'm serious about this one—" "Hold on, Lieutenant," Poe almost snapped, his eyes still locked with Deso's. "We're not finished here." Deso sighed, turning back to Rapier One. "If you think that the Senate won't do anything if you decided to—" "Poe!" Karé suddenly shouted, too angry and too terrified to care how loud she was. "Lieutenant Criss has been trying to get a hold of you for almost twenty minutes! It's Kit! The puncture wound on his stomach reopened!" " What? " Hot fear rushed through Poe's face and chest, singing down his limbs and making him dizzy. "He's bleeding heavily. They're putting up a hard fight to stop it. They've got him in surgery now. No one knows what's going to happen." Karé turned to Deso and looked him dead in the eyes, desperate. "We need him on their side of base right now , Major," she begged. "Please." Poe turned back towards Deso, whose anger had been replaced with a sickening dread. He nodded urgently. "Go, Commander. We'll finish this later." Karé grabbed her friend's arm and pelted down the hallway. "Lieutenant?" Mila asked softly, gently combing her fingers through Kit's hair. "Wake up. Look at me, bud. Let me see those handsome doe-eyes." Kit's eyes fluttered. "Come on," Mila softly reassured. "It's all over now." The young man's face scrunched up, and his eyes flickered open. Mila smiled at him. "Hey there," she whispered. "Welcome back." Kit swallowed. "W-What happened?" he asked, his clouded eyes wide and confused. "Where am I?" "New Republic Naval Medcenter," Mila gently replied. "I've got you in a recovery room." "Who…" Kit inhaled deeply, fighting to break out of the fog the anesthetics had put him. "Wait…." His brow furrowed. "M-Mila?" Mila smiled at him. "Yep, it's me, buddy." "Where… where is everyone else?" "Poe had to go to Republic Command for some reason, and Karé ran to get him. Muran's out on the flight line, but he'll be in as soon as he can be. Iolo's waiting for you back at your room. Six and Eleven are with him." Kit chuckled weakly. "Never did learn their names, did you?" Mila shook her head. Kit smiled a little. "Six is Palvo, Eleven is Cage." Mila nodded. "Palvo and Cage. Got it." Kit's brow knotted. "Is… is this… I am gonna be okay, right?" Mila grinned. "Sundar knows what he's doing. He's got the steadiest hands in the battalion. This could set you back a week or two, but you'll be alright." The doors behind Mila hissed open, and Sundar and Krell walked through. Sundar smiled; Krell looked pointedly forwards. "Hey there, Lieutenant," Sundar greeted warmly, pulling up a chair next to Kit's bed. "Good to see you awake. I'm Colonel Sundar. We're trying to figure out what happened. Did you have any pain yesterday at any point?" Kit's brow furrowed as he thought. He shook his head. "What about last night?" "I don't remember." Mila leaned forwards a little. "How did you sleep last night, bud? Were you restless?" Kit nodded. "Dreamland wasn't a real happy place, let's just say that." "Do you remember what you dreamed about?" Kit shook his head. "There's a lot over the past few days that I can't remember." Sundar's brow furrowed. "Are you experiencing any pain now, stomach aside?" Kit nodded. "My head is killing me." "Where?" Kit ran his hand along his temple and just over his ear. "Ah ha," Sundar said, nodding a little. "That makes sense. That bump on your head's in the right spot for a temporal lobe concussion, which would explain any memory loss. A lot of weird things can go on upstairs when you're concussed. That and incident stress don't mesh too well. Tossing and turning could have put too much strain on the incision." He paused. "Do you remember anything else?" Kit shook his head. "Just waking up with Mila wheeling me out. I thought I was dreaming then, too." He stretched a little bit. "Guess I wasn't." Sundar smiled. "That's twice she's saved your life, Lieutenant," he said, clapping Mila on the back. "You've really lucked out. She's one of the best I've got." A reserved smile slipped across Mila's face. "I'll keep an eye on him, Lieutenant, if you want to go fill in the rest of his squadron. They need to know how he's doing." Mila nodded, laying a hand on Kit's shoulder. "I'll see you in another hour or so, bud. We'll see how long Sundar decides to trap you back here." Kit chuckled. "Give Karé a hug for me." Mila smiled. "Will do." She stood and went through the threshold and into the hallway, nearly breaking into a run once she rounded the corner and found the rest of Rapier Squadron camped out in the floor in front of Kit's room. Karé and Poe both stood as soon as they saw her coming. "Is he alright?" Karé asked, anxiety eating away at her features. Mila nodded. "He got lucky. The lieutenant colonel was in, and he's easily the best surgeon in the building. Had a little trouble at first, but he fixed him right up." She put her hand on Karé's shoulder. "He's going to be perfectly fine. We're watching him closely." She gave the fighter pilot a quick, reassuring hug. "And that's from Kit," she said. Karé smiled at her. "Guess this makes it twice we owe you one, huh?" Mila grinned, eyeing her new friend mischievously and folding her arms across her chest. "Guess so." "Oh, so that's how it is, then?" "Yep." Karé chuckled. "I'm sure at least one of us can make it up to you. Somehow. Eventually." Her eyes flicked towards her commanding officer before she could stop them. "One of these days." Mila scoffed, grinning. She turned towards Poe, and Karé couldn't help but notice how both of their composures changed the second they laid eyes on each other. Mila threw her arms around his neck, burying her face into the top of his shoulder and sighing. Karé stood back and smiled. "You holding up okay?" Mila asked, pulling away a little and resting her hand on Poe's arm. Poe nodded. "I'm a lot more worried about Kit." Mila sighed. "He gave us a good scare, that's for sure." She smiled up at him, and none of the Rapiers were sure they'd ever see her smile like that before. "But he'll be alright. My lieutenant colonel's gonna watch him for a while, just to make sure everything's running the way it should. You'll be able to see him soon." "Will this set him back at all?" "Only by a week or two. Had it gone untreated for much longer, it could have been months." She shook her head. "I am so lucky I got to him when I did. He'd already gone into shock. A few minutes longer, and…." Her voice trailed off. "I don't know. It would've been bad. Er… worse." Poe nodded, realizing he hadn't dropped his hands from Mila's hips. Her small hand slid over the top of his, giving it a reassuring squeeze. "But he's in very good hands, Poe," she said softly, running her thumb over his scarred knuckles. "You don't have to worry about him." Poe smiled at her. A lot of eyes were on them. Neither one of them cared. "They're gonna run some scans before they bring him back out here, just to make sure there aren't any other complications we weren't aware of. He should be back out in an hour or so." "Is he awake?" Mila smiled, nodding. "And joking." Poe grinned. "That's reassuring." He finally dropped his arms back to his sides, leading Mila back towards the rest of the squadron. "What do you think caused it?" Mila shook her head. "We're trying to figure that out now. Kit told me he didn't sleep well last night; he kept having nightmares, though he can't remember them. I'm thinking incident stress. His concussion probably has something to do with it, too. He hit the right part of his head. But we'll know for sure here soon. Sundar knows what he's doing. No one has to worry." Karé nodded, taking in a deep breath and blowing it out. Iolo slipped a lanky arm around her shoulders, rubbing her arm and giving her a reassuring squeeze. Muran smiled to himself. The two remaining pilots, who Mila assumed to be Palvo and Cage, exchanged relieved glances. Though their composures had relaxed a good bit, Mila couldn't help but notice that they looked pretty sullen. Karé twiddled her thumbs; Iolo's arm dropped from her shoulders as he leaned up against the wall with his large eyes shut. Muran's smile disappeared as he blankly stared at the floor. Palvo bit her lip; Cage fidgeted. Poe steadily gazed at her, his dark eyes weary. Slowly, he took a few steps towards her, standing just off to her right. Mila put a hand on his shoulder, looking up at him and offering a small, soft smile. She desperately wanted to take him back to that overlook – get him away from the rush of everything and hold him until all the tension melted away, perhaps even try to coax his beautiful smile out from hiding – but she felt it would be too selfish of her. His squadron needed him too badly. Mila sighed. The hour was already dragging. "Man. Life's just not letting up on you guys, is it?" Though his voice was knocked down a few octaves from exhaustion, Kit was still laughing. Mila grinned as she wheeled him in, her heart swelling as the rest of Rapier enthusiastically greeted their comrade. "Does it ever?" Palvo laughed, ruffling Kit's hair. "You better watch it, nerfherder. Don't want Kun on your case, do ya?" Karé scoffed, smiling. "Already there, Six," she said. "I warned him." Kit snickered. "That you did. Guess I'm just not a good listener." Karé sat down next to Kit, folding one long leg over the other. "That was too damn close, kid." "Agreed. But hey, I got through it. I'm still here. It's like I told you, I'm not coming off your wing any time soon, Karé. A promise is a promise." Karé smiled at him, though a tinge of grief rested in her irises. She let out a long, low sigh. "You okay?" Karé shook her head. "We've got some news, bud." "Bad?" "Sort of." The others moved in around Kit's bed, either dragging chairs towards it or sitting on the floor. Mila looked up from her work. "What is it?" Kit asked. Karé sighed. "Poe? You wanna take this one?" Poe nodded. "Deso called me in this morning. Gave me a briefing." He sighed, his eyes dropping to the floor. "They're sending us back out to Dantooine, bud. They want us on patrol while the Pathfinders try to figure out what happened." Mila froze. Kit's face fell. "I know, bud," Poe sighed. "We're not happy about it, either. At all." "When do you leave?" Mila suddenly asked. Poe's shoulders sagged. "Tomorrow afternoon," he mumbled. "After the services for Reaves and Ordona. They're back to back." Mila's heart dropped to the pit of her stomach. "I wish I could be there," Kit sighed. "And you only just got back, damn it! Don't they believe in giving you a break?" Poe chuckled, softly patting Kit's shoulder. "Nothing we haven't done before, pal. It's just…" His voice trailed off, and he briefly looked at Mila. His frown deepened. "Yeah. We just got back. And I sure as hell am not ready to head out again. Nor am I too happy about leaving one of my own behind. Just doesn't feel right." BB-8 beeped in agreement. Kit nodded, laughing a little. "I'll be sure to hold down the fort for you, Commander." His voice hardened. "But everybody better come back from this one." He nodded towards Mila. "Only so many of them to go around, you know. Don't wanna exhaust our resources, here." Mila chuckled. "How long will you be gone?" "Four weeks," Poe moaned. Kit sighed. "Great. Four weeks of staring at a wall. Thanks, Deso. We love you, too." Everyone cracked up. "But I'm not kidding, guys," Kit said earnestly. "I better see all six of your fighters sitting on that flight line next month." Cage grinned. "That's the plan, kid. You just wait and see." "It better be!" Kit exclaimed. Poe smiled. "It will be, bud." His eyes found Mila's from across the room. "It will be." Mila paused, returning Poe's gaze. "Kit's right. It better be." Poe laughed. "It will be!" His voice softened. "I promise." He turned back to Kit. "And you won't be staring at a wall the whole time, bud. You've got some exceptional company." Kit flashed a grin at Mila. "You bet I do, Commander." Mila scoffed, shaking her head and smiling, which made Poe grin. "That's right. Be jealous. As you are staring into the void of realspace, freezing your ass off and dying from boredom, you can remember that. I'll comm ya. Who knows? I might even be really awesome and let you talk to Mila." "I don't think he'd mind that," Iolo interjected. "I know I wouldn't!" Poe exclaimed. "Patrol can get pretty damn boring!" "Yeah, Poe," Palvo joked. "That's the only reason ." Everyone laughed. "So," Karé said. "We've got the rest of today to drive you crazy, baby face. I've already sent a message to my techs; they're gonna set up my fighter for me so I can stay in with you before we go. Got 'em on top of everybody else's, too, just so they can catch a break. Tie up some loose ends. Get stuff done." Kit's brow furrowed. "What stuff?" Karé's eyes flicked between Poe and Mila. "You know," she said. "Stuff." A grin slowly spread across Kit's sleepy face. "Ah. That stuff." Karé smiled, wagging her eyebrows up and down. "I am good , aren't I?" "Sure you are," Poe chuckled sarcastically, picking up on the hidden meaning completely. Kit laughed. Mila smiled unsurely, chuckling a little. "We'll probably camp out in here tonight, Kit, if that's okay with you," Iolo informed. "Keep you company." "Sounds good to me." He turned. "Mila?" Mila nodded. "Do whatever you feel like you need to. No one here's gonna object." Poe grinned at her appreciatively. "I'm gonna go run some tests on these samples, Kit, and I'll be right back." Kit nodded. Mila grinned at him and went to the door, a medical droid following her through the threshold. Poe watched the back of the door for a second, the starts of a smile etching across his face. "Time's wasting, Commander," Kit drawled, smirking mischievously. "If you're gonna do anything, now is the time." Poe shot him an exasperated grin, and Kit laughed until it hurt. Chapter 8 : I'll See You Soon Chapter 8: I'll See You Soon Mila awoke to her comm beeping, jolting her from her sleep. Groggily, she picked it up, trying to force the sleepiness from her voice. "Lieutenant Criss," she yawned. "Morning," Darren's voice answered from the other side. He sounded worried. "Something wrong, sergeant?" "Yeah. Where are you?" "Asleep, Darren. It's five in the morning. I had nothing assigned." "You sure about that, Lieutenant?" Mila sat up, fumbling for her datapad. "Hold on, sergeant. Lemme check." She opened the device and scrolled through it for a moment. "Nothing here." "Huh." Mila's brow furrowed. "What?" "That's… interesting." "What is, sergeant?" Darren winced. "Your whole platoon is out here," he said slowly. "We're set to leave for Dantooine in ten minutes." " What ?" Mila barked, adrenaline coursing through her body. "Yeah." "Is this some kind of a joke, sergeant?" "No, ma'am. It's not. We're out on the flight line now. I'm all geared up; so is Wex. Krell's out here, too. Listen." Mila paused, straining her ears. A few seconds later, broken fragments of Krell's final orders marched through the comm. A few engines roared in the background, and Mila could hear troop movements mixing in with them. "What the hell…?" she whispered. "Hold on, sergeant. I'll be down in a minute." "Alright. Marge, out." As quickly as she could, Mila scrambled for her duffel. Suddenly thankful that she hadn't really had time to unpack in the past few days, she snatched it off the floor and hoisted it onto her bed, throwing a few extra pairs of socks and an extra pair of boots in before zipping it shut. Hastily she threw on her fatigues, laced up her boots, and pulled her pack onto her back, snatching up her blaster rifle as she sprinted out the door. The sun had just started to peak out over the top of the flight line, warming Hosnian's skyline with the first light of day. Troops marched into transports in perfect formation, and Mila hastily searched for her platoon. "Wex!" she called. "Darren! Where the hell are you?" "What are you doing?" a cold voice grumbled from behind her. Mila clenched her teeth and took a deep breath, turning around to face Krell where she stood. "What does it look like, Major? My platoon's headed out, and they're not going anywhere without me." "Yes, they are." Mila's face froze in a confused gape. "What?" Krell pursed her lips together smugly. "You were not assigned to take this mission, Lieutenant. You are to stay here." She took a step forward. "Where you won't cause any trouble." Mila squinted at Krell. "Any trouble?" Krell scoffed. "The Pathfinder division we've been assigned to is searching out the remains of the battle on Dantooine," she informed, folding her arms across her chest and drawing herself up to her full height. "They are experts. They don't need anyone distorting their judgment before they make their final call." "Distorting their judgment?" Mila repeated, appalled. "You're keeping me here because you think I would be distorting their judgment? Judgment of what , Major?" "Your discussion with Rapier Squadron should give you a few clues." She nodded curtly, turning towards the transport. Mila groaned. "Major!" she called, trotting after Krell. "Major, these are my men. This is my command. I can't just sit back while they—" "Go back inside, Lieutenant," Krell snapped. "Major—" "Go back inside; that's an order!" Mila's jaw dropped. "Unbelievable," she sighed, shaking her head. "Why didn't you tell me beforehand?" "It was a last-minute decision, Criss. I trust you'll understand." Krell's long fingers wrapped around her duffel as she hoisted it onto her back. "We can't all get our way. You, obviously, are yet to discover that." Mila was speechless. "One month, Lieutenant. You should be able to survive without me for that long." Krell turned sharply on her heel. Mila silently fumed as she watched the major march onto the nearest transport with her platoon. She shook her head, her brow knit and her mouth hanging open. "Unbelievable," she muttered. "Well," Poe sighed. "At least Kit's still got you here with him. Makes all this a little easier if I know who's working on him." They were standing on their overlook, watching the sunrise as a few pilots woke up their fighters. He offered Mila a small smile and handed her a slice of shuura fruit. She took it gratefully and nibbled on it. "Still," he said. "That doesn't make any sense. That'd be like Deso taking off with Rapier just because he felt like it. How'd this get past the higher-ups?" Mila shook her head. "They all respect Krell. She could have declared me emotionally unfit or something. I don't know. She's pulled some crazy stuff in the past, but nothing like this. I don't get it. I mean, she's never been particularly fond of me, but I never thought that was an excuse." "It's not," Poe agreed. Mila sighed. "I just don't understand why she didn't tell me in the first place." Poe shook his head. "Beats the hell out of me." They stared ahead for a moment, watching as a few fighters took off and maneuvered. "At least I'll be able to see you off when you go," Mila said softly. Poe turned and looked at her, clasping her hand in his and giving it a gentle squeeze. "You should be coming with me." "I know," Mila replied. "I wish I was. But… four weeks isn't so bad, is it? I mean, we've both done worse." Poe nodded. "My record's two years. Rapier's is eleven months." "Eleven months?" "Yep." "Where?" Poe grimaced. "Hoth." "Oh, ouch ." "Yeah. When they say it's cold, they mean it. None of us have any desire to go back there. It was pretty miserable." He smiled a little. "That was Ordona's first mission with us. He took it like a champ. Coruscantis are pretty thick-skinned anyway, having lived under the Emperor's nose for so long, but… man. Nothing shook that guy. Nothing. I wish you could've met him. Reaves, too." Mila smiled. "Tell me about them." Poe paused, trying to figure out the best way to describe them. "You've met Muran, right?" Mila nodded. "Ordona was a lot like Muran. Quiet, kind of gruff, but deadly behind the stick. He'd do anything for his wingmen. Absolutely anything. So would Reaves. Except Reaves would talk your ear off as he did it." Mila chuckled. "That sounds like Kit." "Yeah," Poe nodded, grinning. "Kit reminds me a lot of Reaves, when he was around that age. But Reaves was… I don't know. Quieter? More reserved, I guess, than Kit is now. It took him some time to warm up to us. Starting out, he was pretty shy. Had you talked to him a week ago, you never would've guessed that." Mila smiled. "I wish I could have met them." Poe slipped his arm around her shoulders. "Me, too. Something tells me you'd have gotten along pretty well." Mila leaned into him, wrapping her arms around his waist. "What makes you say that?" "Well, you put up with me, don't you?" Mila grinned. "You make it sound like a chore." "Is it?" Mila laughed. "Hell no." She pulled back a little, resting her chin on Poe's chest and smiling up at him. "As a matter of fact, I kinda like it." "Do you?" "Mm-hmm." Poe grinned at her. "You're not so bad yourself, you know." "I'm not?" "Nope," he said, stooping and kissing the bridge of her nose. Mila chortled, beaming as she rested her head on Poe's shoulder and relaxed into his arms. Poe smiled to himself, tightening his grip and watching the horizon. Hosnian was just beginning to wake up, and the traffic lanes started to thicken into rush hour. The sun warmed the sides of the buildings, turning their gleaming sides and the river that wound in the distance a molten shade of gold. Repulsors fired up on the flight line beneath them, and a full squadron of X-wings rose and shot off into the air. Poe sighed. Rapier was like that, once. Before…. He stopped himself before he could finish the thought. He buried his face into Mila's hair, drinking in her scent as he pulled her closer. "Who am I kidding?" he sighed into her ear. "Four weeks is a long time." Kit couldn't be at the services himself, so he decided to bring them up on the holo. Mila sat on Kit's bedside, watching as Poe somberly spoke of his fallen wingmen, one after the other. A line of five graves, all with the insignia of Rapier Squadron engraved on the headstones, stretched across a plot of grass in the middle of the New Republic Starfleet Memorial Gardens. Two black caskets, each draped with the New Republic flag, sat in front of them. Kit sighed. Mila put a hand on his shoulder. After he came down from the podium, Poe and Karé lifted the flags from the caskets, folding and saluting them one at a time. Karé was given the task of delivering them to the families. A grieving wife, a devastated mother. Karé stood on ceremony as she gently spoke to them, as she pressed the flags into their hands and delivered each one final, fervent salute. "She's done that every time we've lost somebody," Kit said sullenly. "And every time, she says she wishes she could do something more. Say something worthwhile. That doesn't sound so… hollow. You know, something that Reaves and Ordona would be proud of." Mila nodded. Slowly, Karé backed up and fell into line with her squadron, who stared stoically ahead as two gun salutes banged off behind them. Kit frowned. "I should be there with them." Mila nodded. "I wish I was, too." Engines roared overhead, and Kit looked up. "What's that?" Mila asked. "Missing man formation," Kit replied sadly, gazing at the ceiling as if he could see through it to the sky. "The fifth time in a month they've flown it for us." He nodded towards the window. "Here they come." Mila stood and paused, leaning against the wall as she watched two sets of four X-Wings surge through the air towards them. Each formation had one fighter at the point, two to the right side of the leader and one to the left. Suddenly, the first fighter to the right of the point accelerated, climbing into the air as the other three soared underneath it, leaving a gaping hole in the formation. The second group followed suit. Mila sighed, her eyes staring at the large gap between fighters. "Five times?" Kit nodded. "Korne and Tendora went down last month. Patrol off Daxam Four went sour. Colsan, last week. Command sent us on the same pass." His shoulders sagged. "They flew the formation for them then, and they're doing it for Reaves and Ordona now. Every fallen pilot gets one." He sighed. "I just hope we don't have to see it again any time soon." Mila nodded, suddenly struck. "So do I, buddy," she said, her hazel eyes flicking back up to the holo and at Poe, who gravely stood at attention. "So do I." She'd only ever stood on the permacrete itself once or twice, and she had a hard time finding it on her own, but Mila knew she needed to be there. The wind whipped her hair from her ponytail, soft wisps of dark brown crossing her forehead and cheeks. The sun was just beginning to set. Mila's eyes darted to the pilot's prep room, where Rapier currently suited up. She sighed, looking at the line of their fighters. Seven were parked there, including Kit's, and this time next month, she earnestly hoped she would see seven there again. Her shoulders sagged a little, her eyes stopping and lingering on the black one for longer than she would readily admit. Hot fear suddenly stabbed at her heart. She bit her lip, variations of the same question reeling through her mind. What if he is the one who doesn't come back? What if his fighter's the next one to go missing? What if they fly that formation for— She clenched her teeth, stopping herself from thinking any further. Mila, he always comes back. You're overthinking things. He's going to be fine. Just take a deep breath and— "Mila?" The lieutenant turned around, her eyes slowly rising towards the speaker. "Hey," Karé greeted, trying to smile a little as she came up alongside Mila. "Somebody tell you when we were heading out?" Mila nodded. "It's not hard information to get a hold of. Not around here, at least." She tried to smile a little. "I wanted to make sure you all were alright." Iolo nodded. "We're holding up." Mila put a small hand on his shoulder. "I wish I could have been there, Iolo. Kit and I both do. We were watching." Karé smiled a little. "We figured." She sighed, looking towards her fighter. "Guess this is it, huh?" Mila nodded. "Yup." The two exchanged solemn glances before tightly hugging one another. Mila stepped back, turned to Iolo, and wrapped her arms around him. "You two be careful," she said, putting a hand on each of their shoulders. The two Rapiers grinned. "We will be," they replied in unison. Reaching up and fitting her helmet onto her head and pulling her flight gauntlets on, Karé hopped up the ladder and into the cockpit of her fighter, her R4 unit rising into the astromech socket behind her. "Keep an eye on Kit for me," Karé called. Mila smiled. "Will do." Two sets of quad engines roared to life, screeching as the repulsors kicked in. Mila took a few steps back before she felt a hand on her shoulder. Muran grinned at her, and she gave him a hug. "Thanks for everything, Lieutenant," he said. Mila smiled at him, and he was on his way, hoisting himself up into his fighter and revving the engines. Palvo and Cage followed suit, stopping and saying quick goodbyes to Mila before climbing into their own fighters. Something cold and round pressed into her calf, and Mila turned around, laughing as BB-8 chirped and whistled at her. She sank to a knee. "I know, buddy," she said. "I don't want to see you go, either." The little droid beeped, his body rocking back and forth with every noise he made. Mila grinned. "Look after them for me, will you?" BB-8 bobbed his head up and down as if he were nodding. "I know you will." She felt someone standing behind her, and a pang of emotion stabbed at her chest. Slowly, she stood and turned around, smiling sadly up at Poe. Emotions took over, and she took a few steps forward and threw her arms around his neck, burying her face into his shoulder. "Come back," she murmured. Poe nodded. "I will." His voice was so sure, so stalwart, that Mila had no trouble believing him. She blew out a long breath and slid out of his arms, standing on her tiptoes and kissing him on the cheek. "Go get 'em," she whispered, the starts of a smile quivering on her lips. Poe beamed at her, taking a few steps back as he pulled on his flight gauntlets. He hauled himself up the ladder and into the cockpit of his fighter, fitting his helmet down on his head as BB-8 popped into the socket behind him. The X-wing's quad engines screamed as they started, almost as if the fighter was issuing a war cry. "I'll see you soon," Poe shouted. Mila grinned. The canopy dropped down and locked into place, and the fighter rose into the air, the other Rapiers mirroring their leader's actions exactly. They filed into formation, their bodies slowly stretching and snapping into hyperspace with a synchronized bang. Mila's eyes wandered across the sky, her lips parting into a faint smile. Four weeks, she told herself. Let the countdown begin. Chapter 9 : Dantooine Chapter 9: Dantooine It was quiet. Too quiet, for Mila's taste. The base seemed empty, hollow, lackluster. She was barely sleeping. Even when she did, it was restless and sporadic, and when she woke up the next morning, she felt as if she'd had no rest at all. She was terrified. A week had passed, and she had heard nothing. Not from her platoon, not from Jaren's Pathfinder battalion, and not – most frighteningly of all – from Rapier Squadron. The thought gnawed on her conscience as she stood on the overlook, gazing out over the stars as they peaked through Hosnian's darkening sky. Kit had felt well enough to join her, and the two looked back and forth between the fading sunset and the flight line. Mila hadn't said a word. "Lieutenant?" Kit asked, his brow knotting with concern. "You alright?" Mila turned, forcing a smile and nodding. Still she didn't speak; she only blew out a long, labored breath. "You sure?" "I'm fine, bud. Just… winded." Kit nodded, frowning a little. He sighed. "I'm scared, too." Mila's brow furrowed. "I'd have thought Karé'd commed me by now. Or Poe." They both fell silent. Anxiety leaked into Mila's eyes even as she tried to will it away. "You don't think something's happened, and that's why we haven't heard—" "Hey," Kit said, putting a hand – which was strengthening – on her arm, trying to offer a little bit of comfort. "Things work a little differently in the air than they do on the ground. With any part of the Starfleet, no news is usually good news. They'll be alright. Just as the only fighter squadron that's along for the ride, they're up to their eyeballs right now. The second they get a break, we'll hear something. Just wait." He smiled gently. "He won't leave you hanging forever, Mila. Promise." "He? Don't you mean 'they?'" Kit grinned. "No," he replied, shaking his head. "No, no, no. Definitely 'he.'" His smile broadened. "I've seen the way he looks at you." Mila scoffed, grinning. "Oh, please." "I'm not kidding!" "That's the pain killer talking, buddy." "Is it?" Mila's voice shook with nervous laughter. "Yes, it is." Mischief gleamed in Kit's eyes. "You don't sound too sure about that." Mila sighed, shaking her head. "What am I gonna do with you?" Kit shrugged, an innocent smile stretching across his face. Laughing softly, Mila looked back at the flight line, her eyes tracing the wispy white starfighter contrails that twisted through the clouds and across the red sky. Her fingers wrapped around the railing, her shoulders sagging as her smile faded. Kit put a hand on her shoulder. "You don't need to worry," he reassured softly. "He always comes back, Mila. You wait and see. He told you he would." He gently nudged her arm with his elbow. "So why not believe him?" Though she still smiled, a wistful sadness sparkled in Mila's eyes. She sighed. "Sometimes it's just not that simple, bud." Kit's eyes wandered to the horizon, where a few fighters were landing for the night. "It could be, Mila, if you let it." Though she didn't answer with words, a small smile crept across her worried façade. "I wish I could." Kit's face fell. His eyes wandered up to the sky, which was nearly dark. Stars slowly began to peek through, and he mulled over them one by one, sulking a little bit when he reached Dantooine. "I wish I was there with them," he said sullenly. Mila sighed, her shoulders sagging as she looked up at the stars. "So do I." She chewed at her bottom lip, frowning as she raked the sky with her eyes. Kit suddenly smiled, an idea popping into his head. "You know which one's Dantooine?" he asked. Mila shook her head. Kit grinned, pointing ahead of him into the sky. "That real bright one, just above where the sky's turning purple. See it?" Mila leaned a closer to him, squinting as she tried to follow his directions. "I don't know," she said, craning her neck. "That's 'cause you're looking the wrong way," Kit laughed. "Follow my finger. Straight out in front of you. That Y-wing's about to pass right underneath it. There it goes. See it now?" Mila's face brightened, a real smile stretching across the corners of her mouth. "That bright bluish one?" "Yep," Kit nodded, grinning. "That's it." He turned and smiled at her. "Doesn't seem so far away now, does it?" Mila's lips parted a little, and she found herself nodding. A soft smile spread across Kit's face. "I do that for my Aly whenever I have to leave. Showed her where Dantooine was before we took off, so she could look up and see me while I was gone." His smile broadened. "Corny as all get out, I know, but she says it helps. Had I been thinking, I'd have told Poe to do the same thing for you." His voice softened knowingly. "Makes it a little easier, now that you can see where he is, doesn't it?" Mila drew in a deep breath and nodded, leaning against the railing and fixing her eyes on the system in the distance. She wondered what he was doing. Somewhere on the surface of Dantooine, tucked away within the ruins of a New Republic base, Poe stared at the sky, his dark eyes fixed to one large, golden star. Though they were light years apart, he could see her in his mind's eye. A soft smile curled across his face. He wondered what she was doing. Most likely she was still in the medcenter with Kit, carefully monitoring his progress. Maybe she sat on his bedside, opening her mouth in a wide grin as she laughed at one of his jokes. Maybe she stood on their overlook, watching her little brother fly as she finished off the last of a meal. What time of day was it, even? Was the sun even up? What if she was asleep? Poe's expression softened even further. The thought of her being that still – that tranquil – made him grin. He imagined her arms delicately curled underneath her pillow, her hair spilling across the sheets and her lips folded into a relaxed pout as her chest gently rose and fell under the blankets. She wouldn't be worried or anxious or uptight. For once, she'd be at peace. He'd give anything see that right now – sit by her side and run his fingers through her hair in time with her breathing – instead of the bleakness of the charred ruble that dug into his back. Karé and Iolo were asleep on either side of him; Cage and Muran on either side of them with Palvo curled up like a loth-cat in a hole in the wall above them. But despite the weighty exhaustion that pulled heavily on his eyelids, Poe couldn't sleep. If he had at all since they'd made planetfall, it had been so restless that it was next to useless. His eyes wandered across the sky. The sounds of the crash – the quad engines sputtering, Kit and Karé desperately screaming to each other across the comms – rang vividly in Poe's ears. He eyed the rubble that sprawled across the ground around him. Occasional pieces of transparisteel and metal shrapnel jutted out from the mounds of rock. If the moonlight hit them just right, far grislier things sneered at him through the holes. They were lucky that Kit had gone down where he had. Had they been over top of the base— You're not going there , Dameron , he abruptly chastised himself, clenching his teeth in quiet frustration. You're not going there. Not again . He needed to clear his head. Restlessness tingled in his legs, and Poe found himself standing, carefully stepping over the rest of his squadron as he made his way forward. Rubble and debris threatened to throw him off balance with every step, biting at his feet through the soles of his flight boots as he walked. Finally, the ground underneath him leveled out, and he found himself walking on dead grass, wrapping his flight jacket around his shoulders as he trudged across it. His eyes scanned the horizon, wandering up a hill, stopping dead on the skeleton of a T-85 X-wing. Kit. Hardly daring to breathe, Poe inched forward, curiosity taking over his common sense as he crept up the hill. Smoke wafted up his nose – the smell of burning fuel and rubber always made his blood run cold – and his face set itself into a hard, haunted frown. "Holy kriff," he breathed. "It's still here." "Barely," a voice sighed. Poe's head snapped up, his dark eyes locking with the Pathfinder's hazel ones. His brow furrowed. He recognized those eyes from somewhere. The Pathfinder nodded, clapping the fighter's hull. "Looks like whoever led this attack tried to burn the remains, but didn't get the job done," he explained. "Scorch marks on the wing aren't right for an ion cannon blast or an engine fire. I mean, they're there in different places, but that's not what's got me scratching my head." Poe's brow furrowed, his dark eyes reflecting curiosity and fear as they flicked towards the rank cluster on the soldier's collar. "Scratching your head over what, Colonel?" The Pathfinder nodded towards the wreckage. "Come here." Moving with the solemnness of a man walking past a dead body, Poe ducked under a bent S-foil as he came up alongside the fighter. "Look at this," the Pathfinder said, his small fingers tracing over a striking, straight black line of soot and ash that sprawled from the X-wing's nose to the canopy latch. "This line is way too straight for it to have come from the engine. And the hit came from the other side, which means this isn't from the cannon that took it down, either." Poe took a step forward, reaching up to touch the mark on the T-85's hull with a scarred, calloused hand. "What did it, then?" The Pathfinder tensed. "Flame-throwers." Poe froze, his dark eyes widening as he sharply turned his head. "Flame what ?" he repeated, his voice strangled with shock. The lieutenant colonel nodded. "From who?" The Pathfinder blew a sigh out from his nose. "Not a damn clue," he said slowly. "I've run scans on this mark as well as the hole in the wing. None of the particles match anything we have in our records, Commander. There's no way for us to tell who's responsible. I mean… I have a few ideas – crazy ideas – but there's no way to prove them. And even if they were true…." His voice trailed off. "No one would believe you?" "Commander, I wouldn't believe me, either." "Why not?" The Pathfinder shook his head. "It's… gah. I don't know. It's complicated. I just—" He sighed, mulling over the possibilities in his head as he turned back to the fighter. He froze. "I think I'm done for the night, if you wanna come back with me," he said intentionally, hastily trying to change the subject as he turned his attention from the X-wing's burned-out skeleton to the man he was conversing with. He nodded back towards the ruins of the base, and the two started to head back. "I don't think I got your name, Commander." Poe smiled a little. "Poe Dameron," he said, stretching out his hand. "Jaren Criss," the Pathfinder greeted, giving his hand a good shake. Poe's brow furrowed. "You wouldn't happen to know—" "Mila?" A huge grin burst across Jaren's face, and he laughed. "I'm her brother, Commander. Held her right after she was born." Poe gaped a little bit. "Damn," he mused, smiling. "Small galaxy, huh?" Jaren nodded, his face lighting up. "She told me the whole story, before the word got out. Said it's been an insane few weeks, but she's getting through." He blew out a breath. "By all counts, she should be dead. She and Anderon both." He shrugged, gesturing over his shoulder with his thumb. "Guess the Force was with them on that one." Poe chuckled. "I know her platoon's here. I saw her CO in the mess hall before me and my guys headed out tonight. But I haven't run into Mila yet. You know where their barracks are?" Poe shook his head. "No," he replied, his voice dropping. "And even if I did, it wouldn't make much of a difference." "Why not?" Poe's face fell. "She's not here. Krell left her on Hosnian." Jaren's brow furrowed. "What the hell? Why?" Poe tensed. "She thought she'd meddle with the investigations or something, having such close ties to the people who run them." "How'd she come up with that?" Jaren's voice shrugged in confusion as they ducked under an arch, their feet once again crunching on broken permacrete. Poe shook his head, clenching his jaw. Though he knew the answer to the question – had been part of that answer himself – he found his shoulders shrugging it off. Jaren scoffed. "This battalion's huge. I've got two hundred boots on the ground here, and another five hundred on the other side of the mountains. Even if she wanted to –which she wouldn't – Mila'd have to do a kriff-ton of 'meddling' to sway the reports either direction. And she's not the meddling type. I mean, she knows what she thinks about all this snot, and she's not afraid to tell anyone know if she's asked, but—" He stopped, flusteredly lost for words. "Why?" Poe nodded in agreement, looking up at the sky and letting his eyes wander over the stars. "Good question," he muttered, his voice dropping with disdain. Jaren frowned deeply, lines appearing across his brow. Putting his hands on his hips to steady himself, he took a deep breath and sighed. "So much goes on these days that no one knows about, Commander," Jaren said. "That no one has answers to. Not even us higher-ups, whatever Krell may try to tell you. When the truth threatens to get out, someone always seems to be there to smother it. Time and time again, I've seen it happen." He shook his head. "Like it or not. It's a damn scary thought. And it doesn't make sense." Poe nodded, his eyes wandering up the hill to the fighter wreckage. "Nothing makes sense these days, Colonel," he whispered resentfully. "If it did, we wouldn't be in this mess." Jaren nodded knowingly. "Agreed." He clapped Poe on the back. "It was good to finally meet you, Commander. Mila'd told me a good deal about you." He grinned mischievously. "It's good to see she wasn't lying." A smile cracked across Poe's face. "Sounded too good to be true, huh?" "Something like that." Soldier and pilot chuckled. "I'll see you around, Dameron," Jaren grinned, still laughing a little bit. His eyes flashed mischievously. "But I catch wind of any funny business with my baby sister, flyboy, and you're forked. Screwed. Vaped." He voice still shook with laughter. "However the hell you wanna put it." Poe laughed. "But I don't think I need to tell you that. You pass Mila's test, and you must be pretty damn good." Poe scoffed, grinning. "Thank you, Colonel." "Get some rest," Jaren said, clapping Poe on the back. "Force knows you need it." He turned and headed off. "I'll see you around." Poe nodded, smiling a little. Slowly he dragged himself back to Rapier's corner, plopping down between Karé and Iolo. He folded his hands behind his head, his eyes once again drifting to the stars. He smiled. Three weeks, and he would be back. Three weeks, and things would start making sense again. Chapter 10 : A Little Bit Longer Chapter 10: A Little Bit Longer She was exhausted. Another week and a half had passed – dragged itself through the mud of her worried impatience – but Mila still felt much the same as she had the day he left. No word. A week and two days since Rapier had hit hyperspace, and she heard nothing. Her stomach turned; whenever she closed her eyes to sleep, they shot back open again. She willed herself not to think about it, to focus on something else. Something that made her happy. Like… how Calo's face wrinkled up when she opened a can of nutrient paste and shoved it under his nose. Or Damien's big bear hugs. Or that time Jaren's little boys were playing war in the courtyard and they got into a fight over who got to save Aunt Mila from Emperor Palpatine. She actually chuckled a little, a smile cracking across her face as she forced her eyes closed. She took several deep breaths, trying to relax her muscles and trick her brain into shutting down the rest of her body for the night. Her thoughts drifted over every random thing from her family's antics to what she ate for dinner three nights ago. Anything – absolutely anything – was better than lying there worrying. Finally, after a nightlong struggle, she found herself relaxing, the deep trance of sleep finally enveloping her in its arms. Her muscles grew heavy; everything went still, her comm started beeping— " Seriously?! " she groaned, wanting to scream as her hand danced over the table next to her bunk. When it found nothing, she threw the blankets off, turned on the lights – a sharp stab of pain running down between her eyes when she did – and scourging the room for a little white comlink, wanting nothing more than for the incessant beeping to stop . Finally she found it, tucked in the pocket of one of her fatigues. "It's three in the morning," she muttered, grumpily fiddling with the controls. "This better be good." Her thumb mashed into the receiver. "Lieutenant Criss," she moped, sounding much groggier and angrier than she wanted to. "Damn," a voice joked from the other side. "Thought you'd be a little more excited, sweetheart." " Poe?! " she cried, juggling the comm in her hands as she tried to contain her excitement. She grinned so wide it hurt, and her hands were shaking. A soft chuckle came through the speaker. "That's more like it," he said, and Mila could practically hear him grinning. "Are you okay?" Mila asked, questions tumbling from her lips before she could stop them. "How is it? Is everything all right? Are you alright?" "Slow down," Poe defused, still chuckling. "I'm fine. A little tired, but that's it. Rapier's all good, too. We've gone up and around the system every day since we've been here, and we've seen pretty much nothing. No one's fighting, no one's falling out of the sky, no one's dead. We're all good." Mila blew out a long, shaky breath, laughing a little bit from sheer relief. Rising slowly and shutting off the lights, she wandered back over to her bed, pulling the blankets around her shoulders, hunkering down for the night with a sleepy, blissful grin on her face. "How's everything holding up over there?" Mila smiled. "Kit's doing much better. He's to the point where he's getting up and moving around. We've gone out to that overlook a few times so he could get some fresh air." "That's good to hear," he replied, relief seeping through his voice. "We've been worried about him. I'll pass that onto Karé when she gets back. She'll flip." "What's she doing now?" "One of the Pathfinders found Kit's old fighter not too long ago. He took her and the others out to see it. Actually—oh, wait. There they are now. Hold on a sec." His voice muffled. "Colonel!" he called. Mila's brow furrowed a little. "What are you doing?" she asked, a little bit of a smile tugging at the corners of her mouth. "You're really gonna love me in a second," he responded cheekily. Mila scoffed. "I will?" she playfully shot back. "Yep." Poe paused, his voice muffling again. "Well don't keep her waiting," he laughed. "Say something!" "Uh…" a voice started on the other side of the comm. The speaker cleared his throat. "Lieutenant Colonel Criss, here." Mila's mouth fell open. "Jaren!" she just about shrieked. "Wait a sec—what the hell? Mila!" Jaren replied, flabbergasted. "You… what!?" He was laughing from surprise. "How are you, sis?" Mila grinned. "I'm fine," she breathed, grinning so wide that her face hurt. "What about you?" "All good. Just—frustrated. We've run scans on just about everything we've come across. We got patrols on the ground and in the air, and nobody can find any information. Not even that downed fighter's told us anything. All it's said is that somebody that's not in our records shot him down." He stopped, and Mila's heart fell to her toes. "That scares the kriff out of me," she said slowly. "Have you found any anti-starfighter artillery, by chance?" Jaren sighed. "Just the turret. The gun itself was a big pile of ashes. Too fine for us to get a reading on. There are a lot of those. We're doing everything we can, Mil. Everything we know to do. And we've still got nothing." He sighed. "Whoever this is is doing a damn good job at keeping us off their scent." Poe hummed in agreement. "I mean…" Jaren started, his voice lowering. "I have a few ideas about who it could be. But we've got nothing that the Senate will deem 'substantial' enough to convict. If they took the absence of any known information on the blast marks and the remains that we've been able to scan as a sign, then they might reach the same conclusion I'm losing sleep over." "Which is?" Mila hesitantly asked. Jaren's voice lowered to a sharp whisper. "If I said it openly, let's just say Command would discharge me with an insanity plea." Mila's eyes bugged. "You… you think…?" "I don't know, Mila. I really don't know. It's a possibility, and I like to keep an eye on everything that it could be. The fact that we don't have any record of the weaponry used says, to me, that the model had just been patented. Look into the recent New Republic patent records, and there is nothing for any kind of artillery. At all. If anything, the Republic's trying to downsize the number of boots and guns on the ground right now, not build that number back up again." He grimaced. "The attackers were First Order, Mil. They had to be. But until I can bring back a TIE fighter or a trooper's helmet – a piece of rock-hard evidence, something that I don't have to explain – then Command's not going to buy it." "Which is insane," Poe interjected. Mila nodded, sighing. A muffled beeping echoed in the background. Jaren answered his own comm, quickly conversing with the person on the other side. "Recon meeting," he sighed. "I've gotta run. Whatever's not classified, I'll pass onto you." "Okay." "Love you, sis. I'll see you soon." Static shuffled as the comm passed hands, and Mila drew a deep breath, suddenly feeling very tired. "Still there?" Poe asked, his voice growing softer. "Mm-hmm," Mila replied. "Sound tired. Long day?" Mila's eyes flicked towards her window, which was completely dark. "You could say that," she yawned. "Just been a series of long days. Really, really long days." "Please tell me I didn't wake you up." Mila paused. "I did, didn't I?" "No," Mila denied. "Wide awake. Just… yeah. I'm awake. It's… it's—" She paused, her tired brain hastily fumbling for a lie. "It's midday," she said confidently. "Is it?" "Yeah." "Is it snowing there, too? My holo must be wrong." Mila half chucked, half groaned in defeat. "If you need it, go back to sleep. I'll comm you back—" "No, no, no, no, no!" Mila quickly protested. "I'm fine. It's fine. Don't go anywhere. Stay." She sighed. "Stay. Please." She couldn't see him, but Mila knew he was smiling. "Alright," he agreed. "Not going anywhere. Promise." Mila smiled sleepily. "Yeah," Poe commiserated. "I'm already ready to come back." He sighed. "I miss you." Mila nodded. "I miss you, too. Little over a week, and it'll all be over. I can't wait." "Neither can I." Mila looked out her window, at a large, bright blue star. "I can see you," she said sleepily. "Kit showed me where Dantooine was. I can see it from my window." She smiled a little bit. "Makes you seem a little closer." She sighed. "I was so worried, Poe. I thought something'd happened to you." "Nah," Poe cajoled. "I'm all good. Just tired and sick of being gone. I mean, we all are, but—it's different for me, than the other times. Makes the wait that much more maddening when you've got someone you want to get back to." Mila smiled. "A little over a week. We're almost there." "You should be here with me." Mila sighed. "I know." "Your platoon's at a little bit of a loss without you. They're holding up and they're all okay, but—yeah. They need their CO back. I think Sundar's regretting not having you around. They need you." Mila nodded. "At least I've been able to watch Kit. He really is doing better. He's standing up and moving around; he's eating more; he's even starting to get a bit restless, which is always a good sign. He'll be overjoyed to hear you're alright." "I'll have to comm him later. Or Karé." "Or I could get him to get a hold of you." "That'd be appreciated. It's a little dead here today. Things are winding down sooner than they should. People are getting a little careless. It's weird. I don't like it." Mila frowned. "What do you mean, 'careless'?" "Everybody's getting too comfortable. Guard's dropped a good bit. People're less discrete about our location; sentries are asleep half the time. I don't have a good feeling, Mila. Cause it's when people start acting like this that sithspit starts happening." He sighed. "Gone this long without any incidents, people. Let's keep it that way." " Please ," Mila chuckled dryly. She yawned. "Like to keep the number of body bags from this one to a maximum of none, Poe. Watch your back, and tell your squad to do the same, okay?" "You bet I will." Mila yawned again. "You'd better. I need you all to come back. Kit and I both do." Poe's voice softened. "We will," he said. "I don't want you to worry, Mila. We're gonna be fine. Rumors are floating around that we might get to come back early, too." "I hope they're true!" Poe chuckled at her enthusiasm. "Me too, Mila, me too." He paused. "Go get some sleep, sweetheart. Force knows you need it." Mila nodded, her eyes drooping. "I do need it," she yawned. "Get some rest. I'll get a hold of you if anything changes." "Mm-hmm." "See you soon, Mila. And don't worry. I'll be back to bother you before you know it." Mila chuckled sleepily. "Goodnight," he said softly. "Dameron, out." The comm clicked off, and Mila fell into a deep sleep before she could set it down. The mess hall was a little more than a tent with a few boxes of ration bars stacked in the corner. The more she stared at them, the more Karé wished she was back on Hosnian. Bored and tired, she could deal with. Bored, tired, and hungry? Not so much. It didn't help that the ration she was nibbling on tasted like salted cardboard. She'd been in a bit of a funk ever since she's laid eyes on Kit's fighter earlier that day. He'd been so close to being on the inside of that thing, and they'd been so close to flying three missing man formations last month instead of two. The T-85's shell was a cold reminder of that. It weighed heavily on her – struck her to the core and made her blood run cold. She frowned deeply, shaking her head as the rest of Rapier's lieutenants quietly fidgeted or ate around her. "You okay?" Iolo asked, putting a long-fingered hand on his friend's shoulder. Karé nodded. "I'm ready to blow this rock," she said flatly. Cage sighed. "Me, too." They sat in silence for a minute, Karé tearing off little pieces of her ration and Iolo tracing invisible patterns in the top of the table with his index finger. "My, my," Palvo said drolly, pulling her black hair up behind her. "We're so cheery today." Muran scoffed, a little grin cracking his sullen face. "Where's Poe?" Palvo asked. "Thought he'd be coming in behind you, Kun." Karé shook her head. "Haven't seen him since before we left. Probably up to his eyeballs in a whole bunch of stuff we don't have to worry about yet." Palvo nodded. "Figured." The tent flaps pulled back, and Poe stepped through, BB-8 rolling in behind him. He flipped a ration bar into his hand, smiling to himself. Karé wasn't sure whether to be amused or concerned. As her long-time friend pulled up a chair in front of her and started working on his ration, she watched him for a few moments. He was in a complete, delirious fog. Karé wagered she could figure out what put him in it. "What're you grinning about?" she asked, a smile of her own beginning to work its way across her face. Poe shrugged. "Just been a good day, Lieutenant." Karé's grin widened. "How so?" "Can't really explain it, Karé. Just has been." Karé shook her head, laughing a little. "Way to try to skirt around that one, Commander. You still failed." "What?" Karé grinned. "You got a hold of Lieutenant Criss, didn't you?" "Yeah," Poe replied, trying to sound as indifferent as possible as he put piece of his ration into his mouth. "Couldn't get Kit, so I went for the next best thing." "I'm sure you were heartbroken," Palvo piped up sarcastically. "Unbelievably so," Karé added. "Somebody's got that information," Poe went on, forcing a smile back, "and she can pass it on if none of us can get Kit." Trying to make is sound as average as possible, Poe went back to his rations. "You're making a valiant effort here, Poe," Karé grinned. "You're still failing." "What?" "Your eyes are giving you away." Poe's brow furrowed. "Giving what away, Karé?" Karé huffed. "Do I have to illustrate this? Yes, I think I do." She picked her cup up in her hand and exaggeratedly set it down in front of her commanding officer. "You see this, Poe?" she said mischievously. "This is your brain. And this —" she tore off a corner of her ration bar and dropped it into the cup, making her drink fizz over the top "—is your brain on Lieutenant Criss." Everyone – including Karé and Poe – fought with everything in them not to burst out laughing. Poe nodded. "That's about accurate," he said, deadpanned. "Oh, so you finally admit it!" Karé beamed. "You gonna wipe that up, Lieutenant?" "Well given the subject matter, I was kinda hoping you were gonna lick it up." Poe stifled a snicker. BB-8 wolf-whistled. "Did he just—" Poe started, laughing. He turned to his droid. "I will shut you down!" Everyone lost it. If BB-8 had eyes, Poe swore they'd have said 'I dare you.' He shook his head, grinning. "You're too much, buddy." Karé caught her breath. "Damn, if only Kit had seen that. He probably wouldn't be able to breathe right now!" She smiled sadly, and everyone's laughter died down. "He should be here," Palvo said slowly. "Not the same without him." Poe nodded. Suddenly the tent flaps burst open, and Jaren poked his head through. "Commander?" he said, winded. "You may want to see this." Chapter 11 : Recon Chapter 11: Recon For a moment, the Rapiers stared at the nervous Pathfinder, completely frozen. "Quick," Jaren said urgently. "Before they come and knock the building down." Poe was the first to stand, his face tightening with apprehension as the rest of his squadron filed out behind him and into the darkness. BB-8 rolled along beside him. Jaren snuck through the rubble, leading his newfound friends through the remains of the base, to what used to be Command headquarters. The building was several stories tall, leaning against the other burned-out structures that lined the edge of the ruins. A thick line of trees rose up behind it. "Nobody had had the guts to come check this place out," Jaren went on. "So I went in there, after the meeting was over. I'm not sure whether or not I'm glad I did." The door – it's frame outlined with sporadic black burn marks – gaped open in front of them, cloaking its contents in obsidian. "Watch your step," Jaren announced, stepping through the threshold. "And don't lean up against anything. You could bring the building down on top of us if you do." Karé and Iolo exchanged nervous glances. Muran and Cage shifted uneasily. Palvo blew out a quick breath. "After you, Commander," she mutedly said, holding out her hand. Poe nodded, inexplicably shuddering as he passed through the entrance. Flecks of permacrete crunched under him, threatening to knock him off balance as they bit at the bottoms of his feet through the soles of his boots. BB-8 turned on a bright light from the top of his dome, shining it around like a miniature searchlight. Melted remains of holo projectors skewed themselves across the room, and a few mangled bodies rested in the corner. Poe squeezed his eyes shut. "They been identified?" he asked, motioning towards them. Jaren nodded. "We're working on that." Nimbly, the Pathfinder edged across the uneven ground, carefully sinking to a knee next to one of the bodies. He sighed. "Officials of some kind. We'd have to get them out to really tell who they were. They're burned too badly." Poe blew out a deep breath. "But they hold a key piece of information, Commander. It wasn't the fire that killed them. It was something else. Something far more unsettling." Poe's brow furrowed, and he crunched across the rubble, kneeling next to Jaren. As gingerly as he could, the Pathfinder pulled back the remains of what had once been a shirt, his experienced fingers stopping and pointing to a long, strange-looking puncture wound. "That is not from a blaster," Jaren reported. Poe noticed the lieutenant colonel's hands were shaking. "Then what did it, then?" "Officially, we're not sure yet. I've got to convince a few more higher-ups of the possibility. But that is – without a doubt – not a blaster wound." He paused, as if he were reflecting on the gravity of what he was about to say. "This is from a lightsaber." Poe's eyes widened. "Are you certain?" Jaren nodded. "Not big enough around to be a blaster; not torn up enough to be from a pike. The puncture itself isn't that wide around, and everything around it's cauterized. A blaster or a pike wound in that area would cause major bleeding. And there's not a drop here." Poe froze. Part of him began to feel a little sick, and not because of the carnage in front of him. This – whatever it was – ran deeper than a simple spell of nausea would have. Chills ran up and down his spine, coiling in an unsettling ball between his shoulder blades. "And there's something else here, too," Jaren said slowly, rising and motioning for the others to follow him. "Come on." Wordlessly, Rapier's lieutenants edged across the rubble, heading towards what used to be a large, ceiling-to-floor window. Palvo hopped through the opening, Cage and Muran right behind her. Karé took a deep breath and followed. Iolo stopped and scanned his surroundings for a second, his special eyes stopping and zeroing in on something on the wall. "What the hell…?" he whispered. Karé's brow furrowed. "Iolo, what is it?" The Keshian didn't even blink. Karé turned to Jaren. "Go on without us, Colonel. We'll catch up." Jaren nodded. "Be careful," he warned. "Move just right and this structure will come down on top of you." Karé nodded, hopping back up over the old windowsill and coming up beside Iolo. "What do you see?" "More like, 'What does Poe see?'" Karé froze. "What?" Iolo nodded in front of him. Karé turned in the direction he indicated, her brow furrowing as she watched her commanding officer, who steadily moved towards the damaged control panel in front of him. "Poe?" she called. "Hold on," he replied, his voice strained under the weight of his thinking. BB-8's light shone up onto the wall, where a pattern of jagged burn marks – slash marks – jutted across the permacrete in a tangled, animalistic heap. With a shaking hand, he traced his fingers over the marks, the strange, warping humming sound that throbbed in his ears growing louder as he did. Poe's foot tapped something buried in the rubble, the difference in the texture under his feet temporarily knocking him off-balance. He looked down, squinting into the darkness. His fingers wrapped around a long, frayed piece of heavy black fabric. It was part of a cloak. It must have gotten caught as whatever – whoever – had made this particular attack made his escape. He squeezed his eyes shut and clenched his teeth together, beating back the rising dread that threatened to freeze his heart. The marks, the wounds on the bodies, the black cloak, the inexplicable sense of fear— "There was a Force-sensitive here." The words tumbled out of his mouth before he could stop them, and he found that the bite of the anxiety that was gnawing on him to be a good bit less sharp. "Say that again?" Karé said, surprise bouncing through her voice. Poe drew a deep breath. "How do you know that?" Poe steeled himself. "Look. These gashes in this control panel were from a lightsaber. So were the punctures on those bodies. And I found this." He held out the fabric. Karé's brow furrowed. "What…" she began. "I don't know how important this is," Poe started, squeezing his prize between his palm and his fingers, "but the last time I checked, no one in the Republic Navy or Republic Command wears black. I don't think this came off of one of the victims, but from the attacker. And he came in here with a lightsaber. We already know that. The only people that we know of that use lightsabers these days are Jedi, and there aren't too many of them left, if any at all. None of the recent holograms on file back at base have them in black, either. It was always brown or grey. And from what I've been able to gather from what Mom told me about Luke, a Jedi wouldn't be this violent. They don't kill needlessly. But the other side of that coin did ." "What, are you thinking Sith Lord?" Karé asked slowly. Poe shook his head. "No. The destruction of the second Death Star took care of that one. But there's nothing stopping something like the Sith from rising up again." He took a few pointed steps forward. "Pair that with the sudden surge in attacks on Republic bases, with the unrest in the Senate, with the enhancement of First Order forces that everyone seems to ignore. Tell me it doesn't sound familiar." Karé sat and thought for a second, her eyes suddenly bugging. "Holy kriff," she breathed. "What is it?" Jaren's voice echoed through the room. The Pathfinder's silhouette poked through the windowsill, drowning out a little bit of the moonlight that poured in as he came towards them. An uneasy Muran was right behind him. Poe held out the fabric, placing it firmly in Jaren's hands. Astonished, the Pathfinder ran his fingers across the course, black material, his eyes widening as he did. "Where did you find this?" he asked. "Right under these," Poe replied, nodding towards the marks on the wall. Jaren suddenly rushed forward, tracing his fingers over the marks. "That's—" "Lightsaber," Poe said distantly. "All of this." Jaren blew out a deep breath, holding his head in his hands. "All of a sudden I don't feel so good," he mumbled. "Neither do I," Muran said faintly. Poe's brow furrowed. "Where are Palvo and Cage?" "Sent them ahead. A few of my guys are up there, looking for more leads. But this – this whole room – is a big one. Stuff like this doesn't usually give me the creeps, but this sure as hell does. I found those marks on those bodies and the hair on the back of my neck stood up." Jaren looked at Poe, wide-eyed. "I don't like it." Poe grimaced. "Neither do I." "You get anything more in here?" Poe shook his head. Jaren nodded over his shoulder. "Then come with me." Karé and Poe exchanged glances and started after him, growing queasier by the second. Iolo blew out a deep breath and followed. Carefully the Rapiers stepped through the windowsill, the soles of their boots sighing with relief as they finally gripped even ground. Jaren led them a few hundred meters across the plain in front of them, stopping at a triangle of massive splotches in the grass that were flattened. He walked around the perimeter. "Something landed here," he reported. "Something big. Not the right shape for a troop transport. Those tracks are farther down." "There were enemy boots on the ground?" Karé asked. Jaren slowly nodded. "We think so." Iolo shook his head, turning and looking at Poe. "And Command's still passing this off as an accident?" Poe nodded, his face darkening. "Come closer," Jaren said. He knelt in the grass. "This is where the gangplank dropped." He moved to the back of the indention, to a wide streak of grass that was burned. "Engines were back here." "That's too big a trail for a transport," Poe said quietly, his brow furrowing as he ran his fingers across the blackened ground. "Looks more like—" His eyes bugged. "Like an old Imp shuttle." He looked up at Karé and Iolo. "Get over here," he ordered. Karé and Iolo ran over. "Tell me I'm wrong. Please." Karé shook her head. "You're not wrong." "This was the getaway craft," Jaren said solemnly. "Dirty work got finished in that Command building and the culprit ran out here and flew till he saw lines. Tops of those trees are singed, and they're directly in the projected flight path." "Which means he hit lightspeed before he cracked the goo," Karé added."Must've been in a hurry." "That's what your friends thought. They're over there now, trying to get a better look." Iolo turned to Poe. "They could use the help, Commander. Should we head over there?" Poe nodded silently. "They went this way," Jaren whispered, nodding towards the trees. As his friends headed for the tree line, Poe's eyes drifted to the sky, picking Hosnian out from the black and sighing. "Poe?" Karé called. "You alright back there?" "Yeah," he replied, the breath in his voice strongly indicating otherwise. Karé clapped him on the shoulder. "Come on," she reassured, taking a step towards the woods and ushering her friend along with her. "I got a hold of Kit," she said, seemingly out of the blue. "Said Mila's let him get down to the flight line a little bit. He's not clear to fly yet, but that's coming. It's taking less time than they thought." She grinned. "So by the time we get back, we'll have him again." She put a hand on his shoulder. "Mila, too." Poe smiled a little bit. "It's been killing me to be away from them," he said. "I know," Karé went on. "We all know it. Believe me, we're ready to blow this rock, too." She rubbed his shoulder affectionately. "Hang in there, Commander. It's almost over." Poe genuinely smiled. Steadily, the trees grew up in front of them, looming over their heads like massive, hooded specters. The stars faded from view under the shroud of their heavy, twisted branches. In silence, the two Rapiers wound through the foliage, following the sounds of their friends' voices. "Get a read on those marks yet, Palvo?" Karé called once they found them. A soft clicking noise snapped in Poe's ears, and he jerked to a stop, his eyes widening. "What—" " Shh !" he hissed. One of the trees shifted unnaturally, and everything suddenly went quiet. Iolo's large eyes snapped upwards, scanning their surroundings. The color drained from his face, his mouth opening in a quick gasp as he tried to bellow a warning. He was cut off by blasterfire. Double-tap, which meant— "Sniper!" he shouted, fumbling for his blaster rifle. Someone groaned and collapsed the ground behind him. "Kat!" Cage bellowed, horrified. Palvo. Iolo's eyes, however sharp, had been too late for her. Chapter 12 : Eight Hours Chapter 12: Eight Hours Everyone dropped to the ground in a panicked rush. Jaren hurriedly commed for a medic; Palvo fought for her life. A scope raised to his eye, Iolo combed the trees above them, his rifle humming in his hands as it zeroed in for the kill. "You see him, Iolo?" Poe shouted, panic rubbing his voice raw. "Can you see him?" Poe barely saw Iolo nod through the darkness, lying on the ground with Palvo gasping behind him. Cage lunged next to him, only to be grabbed and pulled forcibly back. "Stay down!" Poe snapped. "I'm not losing two of you!" He'd rather not lose either of them. "Don't move, Kat!" Cage called, his voice echoing hollowly through the thicket. Iolo's long finger coiled around the trigger like a snake about to bite. "I see you!" he lethally barked. "Fire again, and I'll put one between your eyes!" The tree shifted, the rustle of its leaves the only response Iolo needed. Poe held his breath. Iolo fired. "Damn it!" he cried. "I missed!" Cage shot forward into the open before Poe could stop him. "I hit the tree. Knocked him to the ground, but he's still out there!" "Where, Iolo?" Cage replied, ripping his blaster from its holster. Iolo nodded to his left, and Cage took off into the brush. Palvo suddenly screamed, and Poe flew to her side, picking his friend up and cradling her in his arms. "You're okay, Kat," he soothed, reaching behind her and taking her hair down, running his fingers through it like he'd seen Mila do with Kit. "I got you. Med's on their way. You're gonna be fine." Palvo's shaking hand found her commanding officer's and grabbed it. Quick, raspy breaths broke through her lips. "I'm right here, Kat," Poe said softly. "I'm not going anywhere. Hang on." She'd been shot in the chest. He didn't bother to look at the wound. "Medic!" Jaren suddenly thundered. Several pairs of boots pounded into the ground behind them, and the medics shot into view. Poe caught himself starting to call for Mila, the realization that she wasn't there with him stinging like a hot iron to the skin. A trickle of blood ran out the corner of Palvo's mouth. Her grey eyes drooped. "Don't you clock out on me, Six!" Poe pleaded, panic stinging the back of his throat. "Come on; look at me. Eyes on me, Kat. Eyes on me." With everything in her, Palvo kept her eyes open, silently – stubbornly – gazing back into Poe's. Poe smothered his rising anxiety with a reassuring smile. "There you go," he said softly, massaging her scalp with the tips of his fingers. "See? Not so hard. Just keep on looking at me. They're almost here." Fear wormed its way into Palvo's eyes, which were filling with tears. A few trickled down her cheeks. She trembled violently. "I've got you," Poe repeated, pulling his friend a little closer for emphasis. "I'm not going anywhere." Slowly, Palvo nodded. She took a shallow breath, trying to speak, but the words wouldn't come. "Kat?" Poe asked. Her eyes heavily closed, and her head sank into the crook of Poe's arm. "Kat!" The grasp of her hand relaxed. Poe gave her a good shake. " Kat! " "Where is she, Colonel?" an icy voice cut through Poe's ears. He tensed. Krell. Jaren nodded in Poe's direction, and several people sank to their knees around him. "Set her down," Krell ordered. Poe complied, gently setting his friend down on the ground as a livid scowl hardened his face. Registering no hints of emotion, Krell bent forward, the side of her jaw hovering over Palvo's nose as she looked down the length of the wounded pilot's body. "She's still breathing," she reported. "Sergeant Marge, Sergeant Forlin, get her back to base. Quickly!" Darren and Wex hastily stepped forward, gently lifting Palvo onto a stretcher and running her away from the scene. The rest of the medics swiftly followed. "Someone else comm Sundar," Krell ordered as she faded into the distance. "Make sure he and his men are prepared." Another medic hurriedly talked into a comm, her voice shaking as she disappeared into the darkness. Poe's frown deepened as he stood, watching Palvo disappear into the distance. Karé came up beside him. "Fight hard, Palvo!" she called. "Don't quit on us now!" Her voice dropped to barely a whisper. "Please." The leaves rustled behind them – heavily crunched under a pair of struggling flight boots – and the two Rapiers whipped around. Cage stepped through the foliage, his lean arm wrapped around the neck of another wiry young man who was dressed in a black tactical vest. He cocked his blaster and pressed it against the sniper's temple. "Let me shoot him," Cage growled. The sniper squirmed. " Please ." "No!" Jaren quickly reprimanded. "We need him alive. Take him to Command. They won't be able to deny us if we've got a POW sitting in front of them." The sniper struggled more, Cage delivering a sharp blow to his solar plexus. He coughed and lurched forward over the pilot's arm, his hand landing overtop of a pocket on his belt. Quickly his fingers opened the flap and pulled out a small device, turning the round, silver head in front of him. He pressed it to his chest. "Detonator!" Karé shrieked, her eyes wide. "Cage! Let him go! Drop!" The sniper wrapped himself around the device. Cage stubbornly held his ground. "Now!" The detonator exploded. Eight hours. Eight agonizing hours spent outside a medical tent, eight hours spent with such sharp worry knotting in his stomach that Poe had thought he would vomit. Eight long, brutal hours waiting for any kind of word. Of hoping that someone would walk outside that medical tent and tell them that Palvo was alright, that they had done it, that they had saved her and that she was awake and talking. They'd known Cage was gone the minute the detonator went off. Every Rapier present hoped beyond all hope that Palvo's story would end differently. The tent flaps opened, and Krell stepped out, frowning as she pulled off a pair of bloodied latex gloves. Everyone scurried to their feet. "We've got her cleaned up, if you want to see her," she said shortly, her cold voice completely unattached. Karé's jaw dropped in an unbelieving smile. "She's awake?" Krell shook her head. "I'm sorry." The major wordlessly exited, turning on her heel and disappearing deeper into the ruins behind them. Karé and Iolo exchanged glances. Muran sighed heavy. Poe felt like he'd just been slammed into by a freighter. Shock choked the breath from his lungs. "Go on," he said, his voice barely audible. "If you want to see her, go." Karé and Iolo hesitantly moved forwards, pulling back the corner of the tent. Iolo suddenly froze. "No," he huffed, squeezing his oddly-colored eyes shut. "I can't. My last memory of her will not be her dead body. I made that mistake once; I'm not making it again." Poe nodded, clenching his teeth to keep the heat that rose behind his eyes in check. "Somebody get a hold of Kit." The sun was just beginning to rise as Kit's eyes fluttered open, his pupils adjusting to the new, golden light that engulfed the room. He sat up and stretched, grinning to himself as he looked out the window and saw his fighter. His smile broadened. Soon, he'd be cleared to fly it. Soon, the rest of his squadron would be home, safe and sound. Soon, this whole mess would be over, and everything would be back to normal. The doors in front of him hissed open, and Mila stepped through, holding a paper bag that, to Kit, smelled like heaven. "What did you do?" he asked, grinning. "Brought you something," Mila replied, holding up the bag and setting it down next to him. "Try you out on something that's not hospital food and see how you do." Kit reached in and pulled out a breakfast sandwich, taking the paper off and sighing with happiness as he took the first bite. Mila stifled a chuckle, her eyes shining. "You hear anything from Poe yet?" Kit asked, his mouth still half-full. Mila nodded. "Last night," she grinned. "Or… a few hours ago. Said everything was just fine. They might even get to come home early." "What?!" Kit exclaimed, sitting forward as a huge smile stretched across his face. "Are you serious?!" Mila beamed. "Sure am, bud. Apparently they're just twiddling their thumbs. Threat's been pretty much neutralized, from what the Pathfinders have been able to gather. My brother said they'll make one more sweep, which will take a few days, and they'll start packing up to come home." "All of them?" Mila nodded. "All of them." Kit grinned. "That makes me happy," he said, his eyes shining as his face softened. "I bet you're about to jump out of your skin you're so excited." Mila smiled at her toes, nodding. "I know he is, too. Karé said he's losing his mind." Mila laughed. "That makes two of us." Kit opened his mouth to speak, but his beeping comm cut him short. He sat up and reached for it, rolling it into his hands with a small smile on his face. "Anderon, here," he answered. "Kit?" Karé's voice was shaking. Kit's brow furrowed. "Caraya's soul, Karé," he said, his voice laced with concern. "You okay?" She sucked in a trembling sigh, and Kit knew she was shaking her head. "Palvo and Cage are dead." Getting ahold of Deso had been a challenge. Telling him what had happened had been even harder. For a second, the major stared at Poe, his jaw slackening as the devastating news sank in. "I'll be damned," he finally sighed. Though the major's sympathy was unmistakable, Poe's eyes still bored into the floor, a deep frown carved into his face. Karé hung her head, nodding where she sat. Iolo sighed. Muran drummed his fingers on the top of his arm. "Lieutenant Colonel Criss has already dispatched the entire battalion. They'll clean out that forest and the surrounding area. I want you all to offer air support long enough for them to fully spread out. But the second that last soldier goes under the trees, you make the jump to hyperspace." No one spoke. Deso's fingers hurredily danced across a holopad, in such a way that the Rapiers knew he was revising orders. "Rapier's main objective will not be to find fugitives," he finally said. "I want you to escort Lieutenant Palvo and Lieutenant Cage back to Hosnian." Poe's brow furrowed. "We're going home?" Deso nodded. "I've just told the tech to fuel up your fighters, Commander. As badly as we need you out here, I'm not going to hold you. I won't do that to you." "That battalion's going to need all the help they can get—" "But not at your expense, Poe. You need to go home. All of you." He came out from behind his desk and walked towards them. "Rest. Do whatever you need to do. No one here will hold it against you." Poe stared at him blankly. "As of today, Rapier has sustained the highest squadron casualty rate since the Galactic Civil War. You've lost over half your squadron in a little over a month. You need a break. So I'm giving one to you." He handed out a form to Poe, whose brow furrowed when he read it. "Two week's leave," Poe said mutedly, at a complete loss for words. Karé's jaw went slack. Muran and Iolo exchanged glances. "When?" Karé asked, stunned. "Day after the funeral, whenever it may be. And when you come back, I won't put you in the air right away. We'll work you back in slowly." Poe shook his head. "I don't know what to say, sir." "Then don't," Deso replied, gripping Poe's shoulder. "Go home. I'll see you all in a few weeks. You're dismissed." Poe nodded, picking up his flight jacket and throwing it over his shoulders. The rest of his squadron silently shuffled out behind him. Two weeks. Two weeks to sit back and do absolutely nothing. Poe hardly knew what to do with himself; his mind still reeled from shock and grief, which gnawed away at his conscience like an aggressive tumor. He and the rest of Rapier fought with everything in them to hold it together. They trudged to a tent that functioned as a prep room by the flight line, everyone throwing themselves into the nearest available seat. Karé held her head in her hands. "Why does this always have to happen to us?" she whimpered. "Every damn time we turn around…." Her voice trailed off, and by the way it cracked, Poe could tell she was fighting not to cry. Heat rose to the backs of his eyes, but he furiously shoved it back. He couldn't fall apart in front of his squadron. Not for the sake of his pride – he'd known them all long enough and they'd been through enough together for them to have seen him like that before – but for the sake of their morale. If he lost it, as badly as he may have wanted to just let it out and get it over with, the little bit of vigor they had left would shrivel up and die. BB-8 nudged the side of Karé's leg, and she looked up and smiled at him. The little droid chirped sadly. "I'll be alright, pal," Karé whispered as she reached down and touched the top of his domed head, finding comfort in the cool touch of metal under her hand. BB-8 sighed, his head dropping towards the floor. He rolled over to his master, gently pressing up against him the same way he'd done with Karé. Poe managed a small smile. "We're going home, buddy," he said quietly, fighting furiously to keep the tone of his voice even. BB-8 rolled backwards in surprise. If he had eyes, they would have been round with excited shock. He beeped hurriedly, barraging his master with a series of eager questions. Poe managed a chuckle in spite of himself. "As soon as we can get packed up and in the cockpit. Fighter's ready to go, but I'll need you to run down there and do some last-minute scans before we—" The little droid shot off towards the flight line squealing before Poe could finish his sentence. Grief still sat heavily in his eyes, but a smile weakly shot across his face. Karé grinned, wiping under her eyes with the back of her sleeve. "Looks like somebody's ready to get out of here," she said. She tried to smile – she even chuckled a little bit – but her voice still shook. "I think we all are," Poe mused. Karé nodded. Poe took a deep breath, pulling back the tent flaps and looking up at the sky. A cool wind tossed his hair, freezing a tear that angrily leaked from the corner of his eye. A shaky sigh pushed through his lips, and a few more tears slipped out, unwarranted. He wiped at his face with the back of his hand, furiously swallowing his grief with another deep breath. Boots pounded into the ground as the last of the Pathfinder battalion loaded up to make their attack, transports deftly rising into the air and disappearing into the sky. The soldiers moved past in wispy blurs of tan and white. Poe hardly noticed they were there. "Commander!" someone said. Poe snapped out of his heavy reverie, looking across the makeshift flight line as Jaren steadily ran towards him. "What's the word?" Jaren asked, catching his breath as he hauled his blaster rifle over one shoulder. "Do they know anything yet?" Poe hung his head. "She's dead. We're taking her home." Jaren gaped, his brow furrowing in a stricken knot. "Holy kriff." He shook his head. "I don't know what to tell you." Poe nodded. "A lot of that going around." Jaren blew out a long breath, resting his hands on his hips in an attempt to steady himself. Poe's lips pursed into a hard frown, and he stared at the ground. "I still have to get a hold of their families. Last transmissions have already been sent, so they at least know. But—" he sighed, lifting his head back up. "You know how this stuff works. CO still has to send condolences." Jaren nodded, gripping Poe's shoulder. "If you and your squad need anything, Commander," he said. "You just say the word. I'll do everything I can." Poe managed a grateful smile. "Thanks, Colonel." Jaren's comm beeped, and a transport dropped behind him. "I gotta run." He clapped Poe on the shoulder. "Hang in there." The gangplank fell to the ground behind him, and Jaren sprinted up the ramp, ducking and joining the rest of his men as the transport took off. He heard the tent flaps open. Karé solemnly stepped through in full flight gear, her helmet tucked under her arm and her old R4 unit sitting by her side. Iolo and Muran came out behind her, their astromechs following as BB-8 rolled up to Poe, pushing up against his calf reassuringly. Karé silently held out Poe's helmet to him. "For Palvo and Cage," she said solemnly. Poe nodded, taking the helmet in his hands and sprinting towards his fighter. Black flight gauntlets slid over his shaking hands as he woke his fighter up, the quad engines roaring to life with a new, hardened vigor. The canopy came down around him, and he pulled his helmet on. BB-8 popped up in the astromech socket behind him. Poe tapped a few controls, wrapped his long fingers around the stick, and lifted off, his jaw clenching as he watched two lifeless X-wings shrink on the grass below him. He keyed in the comms, his voice dropping with the weight of possible impeding combat. "Rapier Squadron, this is Rapier Leader. All wings, report in." "Rapier Two, standing by." "Rapier Three, standing by." "Rapier Four, standing by." A hollow gap screamed where Six and Eleven should have called in. A knot twisted in Poe's stomach. He looked through the canopy at Hosnian, still glowing golden in the fading darkness. He would be there in a matter of hours. One more small patrol, and then— A smile suddenly burst across his face. A few more hours, and he'd see her again. Pull her into his arms, drink in her sweet scent, run his fingers through her soft brown hair, let the steady rise and fall of her chest calm his raging emotions. Her gentle eyes, her bright smile, her soft, reassuring voice – they would all be his to affectionately take in. "One last pass, guys," he said, relief tingeing his voice as his smile broadened. "Then we fly till we see lines." Though grief still viciously stung at his heart, it couldn't keep it from soaring. Chapter 13 : Finally Home Chapter 13: Finally Home Numb. That was a good way to describe how she felt. As Karé softly directed her fighter through the atmosphere of Dantooine and out into realspace, she hardly had the motivation to breathe. Her R4 unit chirped behind her, its binary-speak tinged with concern. "I'll be okay, R4," she said through the comms. She blew out a long sigh. "Just need to get home." "It's your lucky day, then, Karé," Poe mused. Despite the hoarseness in his voice, Karé could tell he was smiling. She breathed out a laugh, a strained grin splitting her face as she keyed in a few more controls and dropped a few degrees, coming in to fly at Poe's withdrawn starboard. "Somebody wanna comm Kit?" Poe asked. "We can patch him across the whole squadron and talk to him on the way back. Kill some time; make sure he's okay." "Already on it," Karé replied. Though her head still pounded from having sobbed the second her fighter took off, she was beaming. Her R4 unit patched her young friend through to the rest of the squadron before he even picked up. "Anderon, here." "Hey, baby face," Karé grinned. "Karé!" Kit exclaimed. "Are you alright? How's everybody holding up?" Karé smiled, the weight of grief that slogged on her shoulders releasing at the sound of Kit's voice. "Doing as good as can be expected, buddy," Poe filled in. He blew out a deep breath. "It'll be damn good to be back." "You're coming back?" Kit asked, overjoyed. "When do you leave?" "Right now," Iolo said, relief tingeing his voice. "Cracked the goo about ten minutes ago. We'll be in hyperspace in a few." None of the Rapiers could see him, but they all knew Kit was beaming. "Deso gave us all leave," Iolo went on. "I know. Hard to believe, but he did it. Poe's got the document to prove it." "Well timed, then!" Kit exclaimed. "That's the idea, bud," Karé smiled. "After all the hell we've been through these past few weeks, he wanted to give us a little break. We should be back in a few hours." "I'll be counting the seconds!" Kit assured. "I've missed you guys." "We've missed you, too, pal," Poe said. BB-8 whistled behind him. Kit laughed. "How's the little guy holding up?" BB-8 chirped and sang, making grins burst across everyone's faces. "That's good to hear, little buddy," Kit replied, a light chuckle lacing his voice. "You keep them all in good spirits until they get back, alright?" BB-8 prattled on. Poe grinned. "Okay, then. We'll do it together." She'd gone over the same vital chart at least eighty times in the past hour, but she couldn't focus on it no matter how hard she tried. She thought she'd been worried about him before. Now, Mila found, it was almost unbearable. It weighed her down so much that she could hardly breathe. Every few seconds, she'd take a deep, heavy breath and blow it back out again, as if she were trying to expel the anxiety that sat around her heart. A few of her coworkers had asked her if she was alright, and she'd answered them all with nothing but a hollow, weary smile. The good ones had probed her further, and she'd assured them that she was just tired, that everything was fine and that she was okay. Of course she wasn't. Word hadn't officially gotten out about the attack, so Mila thought it best to keep her mouth shut about it. Karé hadn't had the energy to explicitly tell them what happened when she'd commed in to deliver the news, so Mila mulled over the possibilities. More than anything, she hoped it had been an accident, and that the words "shot down" and "First Order" were nowhere near the explanation. Engines screamed overhead, flying so low that everything on the table in front of her vibrated. They slowed and died down, and from what Kit had taught her about different engine sounds, she knew that the group was coming in for a landing. She blew out another long sigh. Part of her hoped it was Rapier, but they had only learned of the attack this morning. They still had to run a patrol, and she was sure there was a list of other things that had to be seen to before they could hit hyperspace. She frowned. The sooner she could see him, the better. But it looked as if it would be later than sooner, at least as far as she had heard. Shaking her head, she went back to her work, forcing her preoccupied thoughts to the back of her mind. She drifted back into that anxious fog again, and she lost all semblance of time. Suddenly her door hissed open. "Lieutenant?" a young voice said. Mila looked up, a little smile encompassing her face as one the almost-graduated med cadets stood in front of her. The girl shifted timidly. She'd been that kid nine years prior, when she was still an Academy rat. She stood up, making herself as approachable as possible. "Hey, Dina," she smiled. "What's up?" "Could you come take a look at this scanner?" Dina asked, awkwardly tucking a piece of long blonde hair behind her ear. "I'm not sure what's wrong." Mila nodded. "Of course. Where?" "This way." Though she knew the girl looked nervous, there was something odd about the way the corners of Dina's lips trembled, the way her eyes shone. She was desperately trying to restrain a smile. There was something she wasn't telling her. Nevertheless, Mila followed her out. "Over here," Dina directed, a huge grin bursting across her face. Mila nodded, not looking up. "Alright," she said, her heart rate surging at the flick of interstellar orange that appeared in the corner of her eye. "Which one?" She raised her eyes, and a relieved gasp tore through her lips. Her knees almost buckled out from under her. "Poe!" she called, running and jumping into his arms and nearly knocking him over. She buried her face into his shoulder, and she could hear him chuckling. He smelled like sweat and recycled air, but as far as she was concerned, it was the sweetest smell in the world. Poe laughed outright. "You're shaking," he breathed, grinning as he gently set her down. "You are, too!" Mila cried, laughing and wrapping her arms around him again. Suddenly, she pulled back, looking over her shoulder at Dina. "I knew something was up!" she exclaimed, sighing loudly and leaning back into Poe with a huge grin on her face. She felt him kiss the side of her head, and she pulled herself closer to him, part of her fearing that if she let him go, he'd disappear. Finally, she pulled back enough to see his face. "You look like you're still in one piece," she said, beaming as she combed her fingers through his hair. "Are you holding up okay? Do you need anything?" Poe sighed. "Not at the moment," he said, smiling down at her. He gently took her face in his hands, leaning his forehead up against hers and breathing deeply. "Got everything I need right here." Mila felt herself smiling, leaning into his embrace and completely losing herself. Her heart was pounding. She could hardly breathe. All semblance of time completely vanished; everything around her came to a happy, shrieking halt. She pulled back and looked up at him, and suddenly it seemed as if he was the only person in the room. She wouldn't press him until he was ready, but Mila could tell he was holding a lot back, struggling under the weight of his grief. Exhaustion thoroughly wrought itself into his features, but the relief that seeped through Poe's eyes shone so brightly that it was nearly overshadowed. He became completely enveloped in it, in her, searching her eyes with a new fondness that only separation could have brought. Neither of them could stop smiling. "How'd I know I'd find you back here?" Karé's voice bounced off the walls as she shuffled into the room, beaming. Iolo and Muran came in right behind her. "Hey!" Mila exclaimed, speeding over and giving each one of them a hug. "Surprised?" Iolo asked, pulling back from his friend and grinning down at her. "Little bit, yeah," Mila replied, the look on her face and the breathiness in her voice emphasizing the understatement. Karé laughed. "It is so good to be back," she sighed. Mila beamed. "It's good to have you back." Her eyes flicked behind Karé, and her smile broadened. "And while we're all busy surprising each other…" Her eyes lit up. "Turn around." Karé looked over her shoulder and gasped, turning around and sprinting to the other side of the room. Her flight boots squeaked to a halt on the tile, and she cannoned into Kit. "Oof!" Kit grinned, his laughter pealing across the room from behind the wall Karé had momentarily knocked him behind. "Hey, there!" Poe's face lit up. "Oh, no," he beamed, making his way over with Iolo just behind him. "That who I think it is?" Kit poked his head out from around the corner, a huge grin encompassing his face. Karé laughed. "It is!" Poe exclaimed, briskly walking over and giving the lieutenant a hug. "How ya doin', buddy?" Kit beamed, holding out a slip of paper. Poe took it between his fingers, his brow furrowing as he read it. His eyes widened, his jaw dropping as an ecstatic smile stretched across his face. "Are you serious?" he asked, clearly unable to believe the news. He looked over Kit's shoulder at Mila. "He's clear?" Mila nodded. "We discharged him this morning," she replied, a grin splitting her face as Karé nearly tackled her former patient to the ground. There were hugs and laughter all around. Rapier's excitement was infectious. Mila found herself laughing from sheer joy as she watched them. Kit turned back to Mila, grinning. He held out his arms and hugged her, still a little baffled that he was standing there to do it. For a second, he silently held the woman who saved his life, the realization that it was finally over hitting him dead between the eyes. He pulled back and smiled, putting his hands on her shoulders. "I still don't know what to say," Kit said, blowing out a soft sigh. "I don't really think any of us do." There was emotion in his voice, in his eyes, but Mila couldn't pinpoint exactly what it was. Every time she'd successfully saved and discharged a patient, she always got that look, a gleam caught somewhere between shock and overwhelming gratitude. It never failed to make her heart swell. "I couldn't be more proud of you, Kit," she smiled, nodding. Kit grinned. "Thanks," he replied, suddenly feeling a little breathless. "When I go up tomorrow, you'll have to come out and watch. Maybe we could take you out on the line with us a little. Show you around. I mean, since you've discharged me, and your platoon and CO and everyone don't come back for another week or so…." Mila's smile broadened. "And besides," Kit went on. "I don't think any of these guys would mind seeing a little more of you." Mila chuckled, nodding. "Just say the word, and I'll get down there." Kit beamed, patting his commanding officer on the shoulder. "You're welcome." Mila and Poe both laughed, and when they looked at each other again, Kit couldn't stop smiling. It'd been a while since he'd seen Poe, seen either of them, that happy, and it honestly made him giddy. "You told your folks yet?" Karé asked. Kit nodded. "Dad cheered. Mom cried. It was a good discussion." Poe chuckled. "What about Aly?" Kit suddenly beamed. "She nearly knocked me over when I told her. She started crying; I started crying. Neither of us could stop laughing." His whole face softened as he thought of his girlfriend. "Happiest I'd seen her in a real long time. Tore me up to see her so worried." "So, it's been a pretty good day, then?" Kit sighed. "As good as it could have been, given the circumstances." Karé nodded, her face falling a little. "How're you holding up, bud?" Kit shook his head. "I don't know. I just—" He paused, his shoulders slumping as he fumbled for the words. "I still don't believe it." "Neither do we," Iolo said sullenly. He smiled sadly. "They'd be happy to see you're okay." Kit nodded, his eyes dropping downheartedly. "I wish I could see them again." For a moment they fell still, grief silently weighing on their shoulders. Mila's hand found Poe's, and she gave it a reassuring squeeze. Karé suddenly smiled. "You remember that time that Cage locked himself in that utility closet on Hoth and nobody could find him?" "Oh, no," Mila chuckled. Grins burst across Poe and Iolo's faces. Muran laughed quietly to himself. Kit snickered. "Yeah. We turned the flight line upside down looking for him. Palvo, Colsan, and I went to check the prep room again, and we heard this weird noise from under the stairs, where the closet was. She opened the door and he'd been leaning up against it, so he pretty much face-planted into the permacrete." "And she gave him hell for it," Poe smiled, shaking his head. "So did Reaves, once he heard the story." "But hey," Kit grinned. "Neither of them was going out on a tauntaun looking for him." He looked at Mila, suppressing laughter. "You should have seen Deso's face. It was priceless ." Grins burst across faces as the Rapiers chuckled. Mila smiled as she looked on. Karé turned to Kit. "That was your first week out, wasn't it?" Kit nodded. "Mine and Ordona's. He was... thrilled." Iolo grinned. "What'd he call it? The Iceball of Death?" "The Big Icy Ball of Suck," Karé amusedly corrected. "That was it!" Iolo laughed, pointing at her as if the phrase were hanging in the air in front of her. "He had another one for Sullust, though I can't remember it." His smile softened, and his eyes shone pensively. "I miss him." Poe's eyes dropped to his toes. "I miss him too," he sighed, a similar aura overcoming him as he spoke. "All of them." Karé hung her head, nodding. The wisps of a wistful smile still pulled at Iolo's lips. Kit sighed; Muran blew out a deep breath. Mila found herself at a loss for words, her thumb gently running across the top of Poe's as she held his hand. His face, though still weighed down by exhaustion and grief, visibly softened at Mila's touch, and she saw him relax a little bit. "If any of you need anything," she said, "come and find me. I don't care if you have to wake me up in the middle of the night or keep me up all night. Come get me; I'll do everything I can." Poe gave her hand a squeeze, smiling wearily down at her. The others mirrored his face. "Now go get some rest. Relax. You need it. And seriously, come find me if you need me. I'm not far away." "Thanks, Lieutenant," Karé whispered, stepping up and giving Mila a hug. "For everything." Mila smiled at her, not really knowing what to say. Karé and Rapier's other lieutenants slowly filed out, Kit wrapping an arm around Karé's shoulders and giving her an affectionate squeeze as they went. For a moment, Mila and Poe stood unmoving, their feet cemented to the floor and their fingers still interlocked. "Feel like going for a walk?" Mila asked. "Stretch your legs a little bit?" A soft smile tugged at Poe's lips, and he nodded. "Not ready to crash just yet." Mila kissed the side of his face. "Come on," she whispered, leading him out of the room and onto their overlook. The sky was completely peppered with stars, and her eyes flicked towards Dantooine, glad that she didn't have to look to it to feel closer to the man that finally stood next to her. Mila found a good stopping point and turned around, standing on her tiptoes and wrapping her arms around him. She felt his head rest in the crook of her neck, and he sighed loudly. "Man, I missed you," he murmured, pulling her closer. Mila rested into his arms, and Poe couldn't help but smile a little bit as he held her. "I missed you, too," Mila whispered, the soft lilt of her voice calming him even further. Her fingers gently combed through his hair, and she felt him slowly sink into her embrace as the tension melted from his muscles. Poe pulled back far enough to see Mila's face, and his hand rested on the side of her jaw, his thumb tenderly caressing her cheek and the top of her neck. She closed her eyes and leaned into his hand, the soft starts of a smile pulling at her lips at the gentleness of his touch. She found herself stepping closer to him, wrapping her arms around his neck as he tightened his grip. It had been so long, and she'd been so worried, but here he was with her now. Mila drew herself a little closer – finding all she wanted was to be close to him – and ran her fingers along the length of his jaw. It was then, as she stood in his arms again, that she realized just how badly she had missed him. She desperately wanted to say something to him, but she couldn't find the words. Her eyes met his, and her heart fluttered. Mila's breath shortened, and she, inexplicably, began to feel a little shy. Poe cradled the back of her head in his hand, his long fingers weaving into her hair. A soft, reassuring smile encompassed his face. Coyly she returned it, her pulse quickening as he pulled her closer. She'd never felt so safe – so strangely excited – in her life. Part of her was convinced she was dreaming, losing herself in the sweet ecstasy of his presence like a bird basking in the first light of the sun after a storm. Her lips parted a little, and her face completely softened. He ran his index finger under her chin and lifted her into a long, soft kiss, smiling as she blissfully melted into him. Chapter 14 : Two Folded Flags Chapter 14: Two Folded Flags Mila felt a smile flutter across her face, her heart having stuck itself somewhere between soaring and completely stopping altogether. For a moment after Poe pulled back, she rested her forehead on his, beaming up at him with enough brightness to put even the stars above them to shame. She ran her fingers through his hair – still not altogether convinced that he was really standing there and that she hadn't fallen asleep at her desk and dreamed the whole thing – and softly smiled, sighing from sheer bliss as he pulled her to his chest and held her close. There was a silence, but a comfortable one. Mila listened to his heartbeat, the steadiness of its rhythm relaxing her muscles and putting her racing mind at ease. She felt Poe kiss her forehead, temporarily burying his face into her hair before resting his chin on the top of her head. She knew he was beaming. "So," he said, a deep, gentle timbre resting in his voice that Mila wasn't sure she'd heard before. "What do we call this?" Mila chuckled a little bit, resting her chin on Poe's chest and looking up at him with a grin. "What do you mean?" "You know." A brilliant smile barged across his face. "You. Me. Us." He tucked a piece of her hair behind her ear. "Guess we need to figure that out, don't we?" "Yeah, I guess we do." She smiled. "Got any ideas?" Poe lightly shrugged. "I know what I want," he said, running his thumb down her jaw. "Without a shadow of a doubt, I know. But it's not just my decision." "Taking it to a committee, then, Commander?" Poe laughed, and his face softened. "A committee of one." Mila's lips parted in a gentle smile, and she rolled her eyes up at him. "I'm all yours, flyboy," she said softly, her fingers tracing over the stubble on the side of his face. "And you can shout it to the rooftops, if you want." "Couldn't keep my mouth shut if I tried," Poe grinned, kissing her forehead and pulling her closer. Mila chortled. A smile eased across Poe's face as he massaged his fingers through her hair, his heart sinking a little as his dark eyes drifted across the flight line. Seven empty parking spots hotly glared at him, the blunt of his grief suddenly hitting him with the force of the butt of a blaster rifle to the face. He heaved a weighted sigh. "You've pulled me through hell, Mila," he said, genuinely meaning every word. "I don't know if you know that. You've been a gift to me, one that I'm not entirely sure I deserve. I'd try to thank you, to tell you exactly how I feel about this whole thing—" a grin flashed across his face as he scoffed at himself "—but I don't think I'll ever be able to find the words." Mila pulled him closer, not really sure what to say. She looked up at him and smiled reassuringly, standing on her tiptoes and kissing him tenderly. Her arms wrapping around his waist, she leaned into his embrace and closed her eyes. His grip tightened, and she felt him rest his chin on the top of her head. These next few days were going to be hard on him, she knew, and she'd do whatever she had to in order to get him past them. It was – by no means – going to be easy, but she could have cared less. If he had to walk through hell, then he sure as hell wouldn't do it alone. "So what're they doing with their fighters? You just leave them there?" Kit stared ahead of him at two empty spots on the permacrete, frowning silently as he traced his fingers over the top of the decals on his flight helmet. The morning sun warmed the flight line, dyeing the sky various shades of red and orange. Poe drew out a long sigh. "Command's bringing them back with the Pathfinders," he said solemnly. "We'll use them for spare parts, should we need them." A wistful smile stretched across his face. "Think that's what Palvo and Cage would've wanted." Kit nodded, suddenly lost for words. Since he'd received the news of the attack, he'd often found himself in that state. Things had fallen oddly quiet even in the liveliest of conversations, grief streaming its way in like a thick, invisible gas. It felt strange, especially to him, to not be able to talk, but words were stymied from his mouth nonetheless. The day itself felt heavy, even heavier than the one before it. Once he got through the funeral, Kit told himself, things would start looking up again. They had the last few times. He ran a gangly hand through his dark brown hair and blew out a shaky breath. His new astromech whistled next to him, and though he still was in a fog, he felt himself smiling at the interjection. "Give me a second, R5," he said, trying to force the sullenness from his voice and failing. "We'll load up in a second, I promise." Quad engines thundered to life in front of him, loud and long and screaming. "You coming, nerfherder?" Karé shouted as her canopy came down around her. A quick grin split Kit's face, and his astromech chirped to him. Kit nodded. "Be my guest, buddy." The droid shot forward and vanished behind the T-85's landing gear, soon appearing in the astromech socket behind the cockpit. An eager smile bursting across his face, Kit pulled his flight gauntlets over his shaking hands and scaled the side of his fighter, too excited to drag the ladder over. Kit tapped the controls and beamed as the fighter's engines revved. His old fighter seemed to scream at the top of its lungs, a long, even shriek. This one, he noted, held a different timbre. It wailed, low and loud, the frequency of the noise peaking up and down unevenly as if it were running out of patience, itching for a fight. Kit's smile broadened even further. A few weeks beforehand, he swore he'd never hear that sound again. The canopy snapped in place around him, and the control panel flickered to life under his fingertips. A trembling hand gripped the stick, and the fighter lifted off from the permacrete, falling into formation with her fellow Rapiers. The sun poured into the cockpit as he rose higher into the air, and Kit squinted as the light flooded in around him. A voice cut across the comms: "Rapier Squadron, this is Rapier Leader. All wings, report in." "Rapier Two, standing by," Karé said. "Rapier Three, standing by," Iolo came in after her. "Rapier Four, standing by," Muran reported. Kit grinned so wide it hurt. "Rapier Five," he said, his voice shaking with excitement. "Standing by." The squadron collectively chuckled. Karé softly cheered. " Man , it is good to hear you say that," Poe said, beaming. BB-8 whistled in agreement. "Good to say it again and mean it, sir," Kit replied. "Been too damn long." "Agreed," Karé cut in. "Too quiet without you up here. Gotta have somebody I can drive crazy who won't demote me for it." Kit laughed. Poe scoffed, grinning. The fighters slowed down, and Kit shot ahead of them, his brow furrowing. "Coming?" he asked. Poe shook his head, his face lighting up. "Go on ahead, bud," he said. "About time you introduced yourself to your new girl." The air behind Kit's engines rippled as he accelerated, his fighter pulling forward towards an orange horizon. A wide grin shot across his face. "Alright, guys," he said, his hands and voice shaking from excitement. "Let's see what this baby can do." The X-wing's engines growled, and the fighter shot forwards, rocketing into the sky at attack speed and barrel rolling. Kit suddenly cut hard to starboard, his surprised laugh bouncing through the comms. "Whoa!" he exclaimed, breathless. A grin cracked across Karé's face. "Responsive, isn't she?" Kit sighed loudly, and Karé could tell he was beaming. "Hardly had to touch her!" "Wait till you let those cannons loose," Iolo replied, smiling. "She'll give anything coming at you a really bad day." Kit chuckled. "Next stop, then," he said, doubling back around and shooting over the rest of the squadron. "You guys coming or what?" Four sets of quad engines roared in response, the wail of Kit's engines filling out their sound like the missing note in a chord. Falling into attack formation, the fighters charged towards the range, obliterating anything and everything they could see with a percussive zap-zap-zap-zap, zap-zap-zap-zap, boom. "Holy kriff!" Kit shouted, breathless. "She does get angry!" Iolo laughed. Even Muran was chuckling. "Couple more passes, then?" Poe replied, grinning at his young friend's excitement as they came back around. "Pile of scrap down there that didn't get hit." He smirked. "And I bet I can beat you to it." Kit chuckled. "You're on, Commander," he replied. "Don't be too disappointed when I get there first." His fighter surged forwards, rocketing towards the range at an ungodly speed. He keyed in his scope, aimed at a pile of scrap metal, and went to pull the trigger. A streak of black and orange shot through his peripheral, and the pile went up in smoke before he could get to it. "Damn it!" he cried, laughing. "How the hell'd you do that?" "He's Poe," Karé chuckled. " That's how." Poe shrugged. "I do try." Kit scoffed and shook his head, smiling. "Alright then, Commander," he started, a wicked grin stretching across his face. "If you try so hard, go outshoot Iolo." "Yeah, wait till you can outshoot me , bud," Poe shot back. "Then we'll talk." Everyone laughed. "What? You chickening out?" "No…." Iolo chuckled. "Sure sounds like it." Poe scoffed. "We really doing this, Commander?" Iolo asked, his tone of voice giving away the massive grin that stretched across his face. No one said anything. Iolo smirked. "Good answer. Save yourself the humiliation." BB-8 chortled. Poe's eyebrows rose in surprise. "Oh, so it's like that, then?" "Afraid so, sir." A deep chuckle went out over the comms, one that every member of Rapier Squadron knew meant "Try me." "Uh-oh," Kit grinned. "You're gonna get creamed," Karé chuckled. "Yeah I am," Poe grunted, banking hard to port and coming back in for another pass. Iolo was right behind him. "Be glad your girlfriend's not watching," the Keshian joked. Poe laughed out loud, accelerating and grinning triumphantly as Iolo's fighter lagged behind him. His scopes zeroed in on the scrap pile, and a long finger wrapped around the trigger. For a second, it looked like he'd do it. "Spoke too soon, Iolo," he grinned. A pair of proton torpedoes howled past him, slamming into his target with a loud bang. "Or not," Iolo shot back, grinning victoriously. Poe groaned, shaking his head and laughing. "Damn it! I had it!" "Good shot," Karé exclaimed. Iolo shrugged. "I do try," he mimicked. Kit laughed out loud, sighing as he caught his breath. A wistful smile slipped across his face. "Palvo and Cage would've gotten a kick out of that," he said, nostalgia lacing his voice and setting in his big brown eyes. Iolo nodded. "Yeah," he concurred, looking towards the flight line with a dampened gleam in his eye. "They would have." He pursed his lips together and bowed his head, sighing. "Wish they could've seen it." Poe hummed in agreement, his face falling. "Fall in," he said, his voice sullen as his fighter gently turned around. "Get back to base, get cleaned up." Despite the lump that formed in his throat, he felt a small smile pulling at the corners of his lips. "If Six and Eleven are making the final jump, we're giving them one hell of a send-off." Decked out in her dress greens, Karé solemnly cut across the grass, her long blonde hair swept back behind her in a neat bun. A cool wind brushed up against her face, making her shiver. She'd come down alone – Poe had asked them to meet him down there before the services so they could say their true goodbyes without a crowd and holocams pressing in around them – and when she looked up, she realized she was still by herself. Smiling ruefully, Karé stopped between the caskets, laying a hand on each and nodding a little. "Hey, you two," she whispered, heat rising to the backs of her eyes. She would have said more – she wanted to say more – but she couldn't find the words. Standing in silence, she bowed her head, her fingers gripping the sides of the caskets as if she were laying a hand on Palvo and Cage's shoulders. "Give me something," she said, her voice beginning to shake. "You'd know just what to say right now. You always did." Her jaw clenched, and she forced back tears. Someone softly padded through the grass behind her, though she hardly noticed until she felt a strong hand on her shoulder. Without even looking at him, she turned around, throwing her arms around Kit's neck and sighing. The two friends silently held each other, both at a loss for words. A few tears leaked down Karé's cheeks, and she tensed. "It's alright," Kit softly said. "I've got you. Do what you need to do." Karé shook her head, pulling back. "Not here," she whispered, wiping at her face with her sleeve. "I…." She sighed, shaking her head and putting her hands on her hips to steady herself. "Made Cage a bet that if he ever saw me cry, I'd wind up doing engine maintenance for him for a month." She laughed a little bit. "Think I'm about to let him win?" Kit chuckled and shook his head. "Not a chance," he said, putting his hands on her shoulders. "But if you broke down now, he wouldn't hold it against you. Neither would I, if I were him." Karé smiled. "I'm here if you need me. Always will be." Karé's eyes flicked to the caskets beside her. "You better be," she said pointedly. Kit smiled reassuringly. "I will be, Karé," he said, putting his arm around her and giving her shoulders a squeeze. "Promise." A few silhouettes darkened the horizon in front of them, and Iolo and Muran stepped into view. The Keshian offered a rueful smile, putting a long-fingered hand on each of their shoulders. "You holding up okay?" he asked. Karé sighed. Kit looked at the ground and said nothing. A few tears slid down Karé's face, and Iolo pulled her to him. His oddly colored eyes glanced at the caskets, and he clenched his jaw. "I know," he said softly, rubbing her back. "Dumb question." Despite herself, Karé laughed a little. "Well intentioned, though. I think I'll let it slide." She pulled back and looked at Muran, wordlessly walking up to him and wrapping her arms around him. He pulled back and nodded to her, rubbing her arm reassuringly. "Where's Poe?" Muran asked, looking around. Karé shrugged. "Hasn't made it down yet." She craned her neck. "Wait. Here he comes." The commander offered a small smile in greeting, silently coming up around his comrades. "How is everybody?" he solemnly asked. Kit sighed. "Hanging in there," he said. "You?" Poe nodded. "Trying to." Karé put a hand on his shoulder, stepping up to her old friend and giving him a hug. He blew out a loud sigh and released her, trying to smile. Karé looked over his shoulder, and she suddenly grinned. "What is it?" Poe asked. He felt a soft hand on his shoulder, and he turned around to find his girlfriend gently smiling up at him. She had on her dress greens, and her brown hair was pulled back in a twist at the back of her head. Without saying anything, she wrapped her arms around him, holding him close. "Hey, flyboy," she whispered. They both fell silent. Finally Mila pulled back, resting a small hand on his arm. "You holding up alright?" Poe nodded. "As well as I can. How'd you know we'd be down here?" Mila smiled. "You've got good friends. That's how." Grins simultaneously stretched across four faces. "Figured you could use a pick-me-up," Karé said, patting his back. Poe genuinely smiled, and that was the only semblance of a "thank you" that she needed. Karé turned to Kit and smiled. "Brought a little something for you, too, bud," she said, nodding towards the other side of the green and chuckling when his face lit up. The young pilot took a few long-stridden steps between seats, catching a girl roughly his age up in his arms and beaming. She buried her face into his shoulder, holding onto him for dear life. "Are you okay?" she asked, pulling back and putting her little, fair-skinned hands on Kit's shoulders. "I will be," he said, smiling reassuringly at her. Grabbing her hand, he led her over to the rest of the squadron, a big grin plastered on his face. "You're welcome, nerfherder," Karé laughed. She turned to the girl and gave her a quick hug. "Hey, Aly. How've you been?" Aly blew out a little sigh, tucking a piece of platinum blonde hair behind her ear. "It's been a crazy few weeks. I'll be glad when it's over." Karé nodded. "Heard that." Aly took a few steps towards the caskets, her small shoulders sagging. "I'd say I'm sorry," she said. "But I know how empty that must sound to you all right now." Poe managed a smile. "Not coming from you, Aly. We know you mean it." Aly grinned. "Thanks, Commander." She looked over Poe's shoulder at Mila, and her brow furrowed. "I don't think we've met," she said, coming over to her and extending her hand. "Aly Lin-Sarlin. Kit's my boyfriend." Mila smiled and shook her hand. "Lieutenant Mila Criss." Aly's jaw dropped a little bit, and she softly gasped. Wordlessly, she threw her arms around the lieutenant, who grinned and returned her embrace. "Thank you," Aly said, her voice thick with emotion. "I don't know what I'd do without him." Mila pulled back and nodded, once again not knowing how to respond. She smiled modestly. Poe grinned. "Neither do we." Voices bounced amongst the buildings the green was nestled between, the obvious sounds of a moving crowd growing closer to their ears. Iolo let out a long breath. "You ready?" he asked, looking at Poe. The commander sighed. "Have I ever been?" Iolo hung his head, taking his old friend's point as a few hundred unfamiliar people filled in the vacant seats behind him. "We should probably go ahead and sit down," Poe said, steeling himself. "They'll be bringing the families in soon." Though his body stood with the sharp erectness of a soldier's – his face placidly solemn – Mila heard his heart drop to his toes through his voice. Her small hand found his, giving it a reassuring squeeze as they sat down. Looking up at the sky, he blew out a shaky breath, the weight of what he was about to do suddenly crashing onto his shoulders as they sagged. A gentle hand rubbed his arm, sliding across his back as Mila wrapped her arm around him and laid her head on his shoulder. He bent and kissed her forehead, catching the light scent of her perfume and smiling a little in spite of himself. Mila desperately wanted to say something to him, but she arrived at a complete loss for words. The sounds of the crowd grew steadily louder, though she could tell Poe couldn't hear them. He stared blankly at the ground, lost in the heavy trance of his grief as he solemnly steeled himself for what was to come. Mila's grip tightened, and Poe heaved a sigh. After a few minutes, she felt him move to stand up, Karé lifelessly following him as he went to address the crowd. Exhaustion sat heavily in his voice as he spoke, his entire façade buckling under the weight of it. Mila noticed there were bags under his eyes. Karé handed two folded flags to two devastated families, offering them each one final, fervent salute before she fell in between Poe and Kit. Two gun salutes banged off behind them, thundering hollowly through Mila's chest as she stared somberly ahead. She heard X-wings scream overhead, flying two missing man formations as they disappeared into the morning light. Mila's eyes found Poe's, and she gave him a reassuring smile. The scowl that had hardened his face softened, and she saw the tension in his shoulders ebb. Once everyone started talking after the service was over, Mila walked right up to him and pulled him into her arms. Poe sighed forcefully, as if he were trying to expel the callous grief that had settled in around his heart. Silently she held him, once again pining after something to say and coming up short. But in a space so full of dull, droning, noise – of haphazard, seemingly hollow condolences that stung a little more every time he heard them – that little bit of silence was exactly what he needed. Chapter 15 : Dameron's Girl Chapter 15: Dameron's Girl Mila had long since changed out of her dress uniform and into a white tank top and the bottom half of her fatigues. Poe's flight jacket sat on her shoulders as she leaned up against his bedroom window, watching the last of the day's light fade from the sky. Her face molded into a soft frown, she took a deep breath, laying her head on the windowsill as exhaustion suddenly ravaged her body. It had been a long day. A pair of strong arms wrapped around her waist, and she reclined into them, resting the back of her head on Poe's shoulder as her small hand slipped over his. Her thumb ghosted across his knuckles, and he kissed the side of her face. "You okay?" he asked, his voice soft. Mila craned her neck to look at him, and she smiled. "Just tired," she replied, sighing. "Been a long day." Poe nodded, humming empathetically. "Heard that." Mila's fingers intertwined with his, and they held each other in silence for a little while, looking out the window. The sun disappeared behind the horizon as the last bit of purple daylight gave way to the darkness of night. Stars and star systems came out of hiding, shining brilliantly against a black sky. Poe's eyes fell across Dantooine. He pulled Mila a little closer, sighing as he buried his face into the crook of her neck. "Starting to catch up with you?" she asked softly. She felt him nod, and she turned around in his arms, gently taking his face in her hands and looking into his tired eyes. He returned her gaze, tucking a piece of long brown hair behind her ear as a grin suddenly barged across his face. "You told anyone yet?" he said. "Told anyone what, babe?" Poe leaned in and quickly kissed her. "That I can do that and get away with it." Mila laughed. "Haven't had the chance to," she replied. She smiled brightly. "My family might not believe me." Poe's grin widened, and he raised his eyebrows amusedly. "How come?" "You're you , Poe. I don't think there's a sentient being in the galaxy that doesn't know your name." Poe laughed out loud. "I'm serious!" she exclaimed. Her face softened. "If I'm honest, I'm still pinching myself." "You're not the only one," Poe replied, kissing the top of her nose. Mila beamed, resting her head on Poe's shoulder as he pulled her to him again, weaving his long fingers into her hair. "No really," Mila went on. "My mom will be beside herself." "Why's that?" Mila pulled back, looking up at him and smiling brightly. "You wanna hear something embarrassing? It's really funny, but it's really embarrassing." Poe grinned, raising an eyebrow at her as he sat down on the foot of his bed. "I'm listening." "So," Mila started, sitting down next to him and trying not to laugh. "When I was a little girl, I had the biggest crush on General Antilles." Poe's smile widened, and he chuckled. "That's adorable." "No, no. It… it was bad . I had our wedding planned out and everything." Poe laughed. "Oh, man." He paused, his brow furrowing as a grin slipped across his face. "You're blushing." "I told you it was embarrassing!" Mila sniggered. " Especially considering that I kind of work for him now. But…." Her voice softened, and she chuckled. "Ever since then, my mom has sworn up and down that I was going to marry a pilot. You know, some big, hotshot Republic ace who could shoot down three TIE fighters blindfolded." Poe scoffed, grinning. "I'll get to work on that." Mila smirked. "You know what's funny?" "What?" "I'd never dated any of you flyboys until I ran into you. Not even so much as met one. So when she finds out…" She snickered. "It will be priceless." Poe shrugged. "I seem to have that effect on people." Mila rolled her eyes, lightly groaning as a smile shot across her face. Poe chuckled as he playfully nudged her with his shoulder. "So you've had others before me?" Mila nodded. "A few, here and there. There was a mechanic, a couple of med students back in the day, a Pathfinder, a Senate Apprentice Legislator—" "Are you serious?" Mila cringed. "I am." A grin shot across Poe's face, and he started chuckling. "Oh, come on," Mila tried to defend herself, an exasperated smile stretching across her face as she fought to keep from laughing. "He had pretty eyes." Poe cocked an eyebrow at her, his laughter growing a little louder. "I was fifteen!" He only laughed harder. " Stop! " Mila half-laughed, half-whined, lightly backhanding him in the chest. Poe guffawed, diving out of the way and farther back onto his bed. Unable to fight it any longer, Mila bent over giggling, partially at herself and partially at her boyfriend, who was laughing so hard there were tears in his eyes. Poe sat up a little, grinning at her and patting the mattress next to him. "C'mere," he said, holding out an arm for Mila to crawl underneath. Still softly laughing, she curled up beside him and rested her head on his chest. A smile slipped across Poe's face as he draped his arm around her slim shoulders, kissing the top of her head and taking her hand in his. His thumb gently ran across the tops of her knuckles. They laid there in silence for a moment, Mila dozing as she listened to Poe's heartbeat. She grew so quiet and so still that Poe thought she had fallen asleep. Smiling to himself, he drew her a little closer to his side, gently brushing a piece of hair out of her face. "You know," she suddenly said, a little bit of mischief tingeing her tired voice. "You never did tell me about the Aleena Tavik incident." Poe's eyes bugged, and he laughed nervously. "Later," he said hastily. "It's late. You're tired. You need sleep." Mila groggily chortled, craning her neck to look up at him. "I'll hold you to it, flyboy," she whispered with a sleepy smile. Poe leaned down and kissed her, wrapping a blanket around her shoulders. Mila yawned as she melted into him. "One of these days—" "Good night, sweetheart," he chuckled. Daybreak – when she was awake to see it – had always been one of Mila's favorite times of day. Painted with strokes of deep red and orange and pink, the sky slowly glowed to life, casting a deep, golden light across the flight line as she walked across it. A cool breeze lightly tossed her hair as it bounced out behind her in time with her stride. Rapier walked on several paces ahead, and a smile slipped across her face as she watched them effervescently carry on. Two weeks. Two weeks to lay back, to breathe, to rest. To not have a care in the world. They needed it so badly – they deserved it more than anyone she could think of – and after the hell they had been through, they finally, finally had it. It was a relief to see Poe smiling – really, truly smiling – again, and as she followed him to his fighter, she knew there was no other place she would rather be. X-wing silhouettes steadily rose up in front of her, streaks of red or blue on a base of silver peaking through the shadows as Mila came closer. She stood back for a moment, looking back and forth between fighters as the squadron checked them over. Poe stopped next to his and laid his hand on the X-wing's side, the familiar cool of the metal under his palm bringing a small smile to his face. His fingers glided across the durasteel, clearly having memorized every last dent and scar, every ding in the paint, every curve in the metal. Mila stood a few feet behind him, quietly watching as he greeted his old friend. BB-8 rolled along behind him, running scans and prattling. "She sleep well?" Poe asked, grinning down at his droid. BB-8 beeped, his little head bobbing up and down in the closest thing he could get to a nod. Poe smiled. "Good." He turned and looked over his shoulder at Mila. "C'mere," he said, waving her over. "'Bout time you two got acquainted." Mila's hazel eyes brightened as she came up alongside Poe. She softly laid a hand on the durasteel and looked up towards the cockpit, her lips parting thoughtfully. "She's gotten me through a lot," Poe said. "Saved my life more times than I can count." Mila smiled at him. "We both owe her a lot, then," she replied, patting the X-wing's hull. Her brow furrowed a little bit, the grin on her face widening. "She's bigger than I thought she'd be." Poe chuckled a little. "Said the same thing the first time I went up in one." He climbed up a few rungs on the ladder, pausing halfway up and motioning for Mila to follow him. With the balance of a loth-cat on a tree branch, he stepped out onto the X-wing's nose, sitting down with his legs dangling over the side. "C'mere," he said, grinning at his girl and patting the durasteel next to him. "Good spot to watch the sunrise." Mila smiled, making her way across the X-wing's nose and sitting down next to him with a happy sigh. The wind tossed her hair back behind her. She looked down past her toes, trying to assess how high up she was. Her eyes moving towards the sky, she watched several large clouds float by, the white cast pink by the rising sun. "Every morning look like this for you?" she asked. Poe nodded, pulling a piece of fruit from his pocket and cutting it up. "Just about," he replied, handing her a piece. A grin flashed across his face. "Though I can think of a few things that're making it better than most." Mila smiled. "You're sweet," she said, wrapping her arms around his arm and putting her head on his shoulder. Poe beamed, finishing off the rest of the fruit and looking around him as the rest of the flight line slowly came to life. He sighed contentedly. "Two weeks of this, Mil. I got two weeks to kick back, watch my squad, and not worry about a thing. And you know what? It feels pretty damn good." Mila's grip tightened on his arm, and she found herself smiling again. "I know it does," she said, rubbing his back. "You had me worried, babe. You all did." Poe nodded, hanging his head a little. "We'll get through it," he replied, his voice as stalwart as ever. "Worst of it's already past. Now… we just keep on doing what we're doing. Looking after each other; driving each other crazy." A little smile crept across his face. "That's what they would want. Done it before. We'll do it again." He nudged her gently. "Having you around doesn't hurt, either." Mila chuckled, leaning into him again. "Wouldn't want to be anywhere else." Poe smiled at her, draping his arm around her shoulders as his dark eyes watched the flight line in front of him. The growing sunlight flashed against Karé's plated blonde hair as she got to work on her fighter, checking the repulsors with her old R4 unit by her side. Iolo ran a few quick checks on his fighter's cannons; Muran quietly looked over his engines and made sure that everything was where it was supposed to be. Kit kneeled at the base of his fighter, running his hands along its landing gear as his new astromech executed integrity scans over the T-85's ventral hull. A smile eased across Poe's face as he watched them. "Wonder if Kit brought his holo-imager with him?" Mila sat up a little bit. "Didn't know he had one." Poe nodded, grinning. "He's kept a holo log of just about every place we've been to." His eyes shone pensively. "We found an old one of Palvo the other night when we got back, from when we were on Hoth. She'd left her helmet in the cockpit of her fighter overnight on accident, and she came back in the morning to find the visor completely frosted over. It looked pretty funny, so she ran and grabbed Kit so he could get a shot of it on her head before it all melted." He softly smiled. "Big, toothy grin, thumbs-up, Cage looking at her sidelong like she was insane." He laughed, shaking his head. "Classic Six and Eleven. They did that kind of thing all the time." "So they were pretty tight?" "More than that," Karé's voice bounced up towards them from the permacrete. "You might wanna come down soon, Poe," she added with a smile. "Your droid's about to bust a gasket. Ready to get to work." BB-8 warbled from somewhere below them. Poe chuckled. "Hang on, buddy," he replied. "We'll be right down." "But yeah," Karé went on, amused as Poe landed on the permacrete next to her. "Cage was head-over-heels for her from the second he first saw her." She snickered. "Poor guy looked like he'd run smack into a brick wall whenever she came in the room." Mila laughed, taking Poe's hand and hopping down herself. "That's pretty bad." "Oh, yeah. Took him four months to actually work up the courage to talk to her. And once he finally did, it was… less than graceful." She chuckled. "Reaves gave him hell for it." "So did you, Two," Poe scoffed, smiling as he picked up a wrench and walked around to the back of his fighter. Karé shrugged. "May have mentioned it once or twice." Mila snickered. "Palvo'd never admit to it, but she loved every last second with him. She absolutely adored him. They were inseparable." She shook her head, the braids in her hair catching the morning sun as her dark eyes softened wistfully. "Nothing official ever came out of it, but if they were still alive…." A brilliant smile barged across Karé's face, finishing her sentence for her. Mila couldn't help but grin. "You think so?" she asked. "Oh, I know so. They'd have been one of the greats, had they lived to see it through. Right up there with you and Poe. They were practically made for each other. It would have been perfect." Mila smiled pensively, looking up into the morning sky. "Wish I'd have known them better." Karé nodded in silent agreement, her eyes downcast. Her brow furrowed. "You heard anything from your brother yet?" "Not yet," Mila sighed. "Last time I talked to him was the day before you all got back. Since then… nothing." Though she tried to hide it, a bit of worry shone in her eyes. "I imagine he's pretty busy." "Any day now," Karé reassured. "We all had about a week left when everything went to hell. They'll be home soon." Mila nodded. "Feel free to look around," Karé said, suddenly smiling as she gestured around her. "Lot to take in." "Hey Karé!" Kit suddenly called. "Could you give me a hand?" "Yeah; I'll be right over!" she replied, backing up a few steps. "Quickly would be good. Don't know how much longer I can hold onto this!" "Oh, boy." Karé cringed. "I gotta go. Catch you later." She turned around and jogged across the line, lying down next to Kit and reaching up to hold a few panels in place as he and his droid tinkered with the wires inside. Ducking under Poe's X-wing's nose and walking past the other fighters, Mila took a few minutes to look around. The sun finally appeared above the horizon, darkening the frames of the few fighters that were already in the air. Her eyes landed on a troop transport, one that's repulsors had been almost completely taken apart. A few astromechs whistled around the site, scrambling for tools or running scans. From underneath the landing gear, the mechanic slid out on his back, crawling backwards on the heels of his hands as he came out. The light hit his face – shone on his dark brown hair, fair skin, and large brown eyes – and Mila felt her jaw go slack. She squeezed her eyes shut and opened them again, testing to see if she was imagining things as she steadily came closer. She wasn't. "You about done with that?" she called, making her way over to where her older brother was sprawled on the permacrete. Damien's brow furrowed as he looked over his shoulder. "Mila?" he asked, a huge smile bolting across his face as he scrambled to his feet. "Hey, laser brain," Mila greeted, throwing her arms around his neck as he laughed in surprise. She pulled back and gave him a little shove. "Kriff head!" she exclaimed, mock anger lacing her voice. "Been gone for almost two years and you don't bother to tell me you were coming home?" Damien smiled, holding his hands up in defense. "I was going to surprise you in the med bay once I got this old thing patched up, but… looks like you beat me to the chase." He paused. "But this is the last place I thought I'd find you. What're you doing out here?" Mila nodded over her shoulder. "I got friends and nothing to do, so I came out here with them. Been meaning to show me around for a while now, just… they were never on-world to do it." "Ah," Damien nodded. "Gotcha." He watched the squadron for a minute, his eyes growing a bit round as surprised recognition sank in yet again. "Holy kriff. That's… is that—" "Damien!" a voice called, followed by a blur of interstellar orange that nearly knocked the mechanic to the ground. Damien laughed, clapping his assailant – the youngest of his siblings – on the back. "How've you been, Calo? Graduate yet?" "When did you get back?!" Calo asked, pulling back and gripping his brother's shoulders as if he were trying to make sure he was real. A wide smile encompassed his face. "You okay? How was Sullust?" Damien chuckled. "It was Sullust," he replied. "Spent the last two or three months with my back to a wall, twiddling my thumbs. Sky was dead. Nobody was taking off because there were no patrols to run. Fighters were just burning fuel up there. It was… weird. Guavians usually like to hang out in that sector, along that trade route, but they just… disappeared. It's dead quiet over there." "Someone's otherwise acquired their services," Mila added bluntly. "Someone who could pay through the nose for them." And I bet I could guess who . "Or we just ran them off," Calo suggested with a shrug. "Rapier Squadron got set on them several months back. That would've done the trick. They can beat anybody." Mila smiled sadly, not really sure how to respond. "Heard they've taken a beating recently," Damien said. "Five out of twelve, dead. That true?" Mila sighed. "Seven, as of a few days ago." Damien shook his head, speechless. "It was almost eight. Lieutenant Anderon was in critical condition for a few weeks." "Caraya's soul," Calo murmured, brow furrowing. "Is he okay?" Mila smiled. "Right as rain. We discharged him a few days ago." "Wait. We ?" Mila nodded. Calo's face lit up with surprise. "You had a Rapier in your ward?" Mila grinned. "I was his doctor, Calo. I told you about this!" "You just said pilot," Calo corrected, beaming with admiration. "You never said what squadron, or what he flew! That's—that's insane!" Mila laughed. "Hey, Mila?" a voice echoed across the flight line. "Yeah, babe?" Mila called over her shoulder. Damien and Calo exchanged glances. "Hand slipped; got cut on the side of the engine. It's bleeding." Mila turned around. "I mean, it's really bleeding." Mila winced. "I'll be right there," she said, digging into a pouch on her belt as she headed back towards the fighters. "Be right back, guys." Calo and Damien watched her go, puzzled expressions on both of their faces. "Did she just—" "Shh." Mila poked her head around the back of one of the fighters, a smile encompassing her face when who she was looking for came around the corner. She took a look at his hand and pulled out a gauze pad from her pouch, wrapping her hand tightly around his to stop the bleeding. His good hand held onto his helmet, which Calo noted was mostly black. His brow furrowed. "Holy kriff," he said, his jaw going slack. "That's Commander Dameron." "What?" "That's Poe Dameron," Calo repeated, a little more excited. "Mila knows him!" Mila grinned up at him as she tied off the bandage, Damien noting how her small hands lingered around Poe's for a second too long. The pilot pulled on his flight gauntlets – an irrepressible smile splitting his face as he did – and stooped down to quickly kiss her before disappearing back behind the X-wing. Damien's mouth fell open. "Looks like she knows him pretty well ." Mila gently smiled at her toes, absent-mindedly shuffling back over towards her brothers as Rapier's engines screamed to life behind her. A disbelieving smile stretched across Damien's face. "On the subject of things not talked about—" Mila laughed. "Guess I owe you an explanation, don't I?" She motioned over her shoulder to where the fighters lifted off. "That's Poe. I've known him for about a month now. Rapier Squadron's CO…" She beamed. "And my boyfriend." Calo's jaw dropped. "When?" he asked, grinning. "And how?" "Rapier's tight," Mila replied. "So when Kit was still under my charge, they all came to see him all the time. I saw Poe several times a day, we started talking, became friends, and that was that." Damien grinned. Calo was struck dumb, a gaping smile frozen on his face. "I don't really know how it happened. It just kind of... happened. It came out of nowhere." "It's 'cause you didn't go looking for it this time," Damien said with a smile. He shook his head, pulling his little sister into a big bear hug. "I'm so happy for you, sis. That's…." "Crazy," Calo finished. Damien smiled at her. "What he said." Mila couldn't help but laugh at both of them as she pulled back. "I told him you'd be surprised—" Her comm suddenly started beeping. Her brow furrowed. "I gotta take this," she said, turning it on. "Lieutenant Criss." "Lieutenant," a panicked voice replied. "This is Colonel Sundar. We've just come out of lightspeed. We got wounded, Mila. There's been another attack." Mila's blood ran cold. "What?" "There was another ambush. Several are critical. I need everybody in that burn center ready to go. We'll be there in fifteen minutes." Mila's jaw tensed as she took off running for the med bay. "We'll be ready in five." Chapter 16 : The Brink Chapter 16: The Brink The pounding of Mila's boots against the hard floor echoed through the hallway as she ran, yelling into a comm. Her heart was racing. Surgeons and medics scurried to their stations around her, pulling on latex gloves and preparing for the worst. An eerie sense of calm always took over the medcenter after a surprise call. Voices and hands remained steady, though the internal dialogue of those in charge of them was anything but. Sundar had mastered that art: the ability to keep his composure through even the scariest of circumstances. Though she had a good grasp on the skill herself, Mila had always admired him for it. She'd once even envied it for it. When he commed in, he'd sounded utterly panicked. If she could take that as a sign of what was to come…. Her stomach turned. She squeezed her eyes shut, taking a deep breath and blowing it back out as she pulled her hair back. Questions racked her spinning head. What had happened? How many were hurt? Who had been injured and just how badly? The doors hissed open as she sprinted outside. Squinting into the sunlight, she made out the silhouettes of several dozen troop transports landing on the permacrete. Gangplanks slammed into the ground, and Darren appeared at the top, rolling the first of the injured soldiers down the ramp. Relief swept across the first sergeant's face as his commanding officer fell in step by his side. "You're a sight for sore eyes," he said grimly. "Sad, though. You missed all the action." "At the rate things have been going lately," Mila clipped, not in a joking mood. "I'm glad I did." She took a look at her patient, who was covered head to toe in burns and bandages. "He needs bacta." "Lieutenant, they all do." "How many?" "Fifty." " Fifty?! " "Fifty." "Which unit?" "250th," Darren sighed. "Pathfinders." Mila's heart dropped to her stomach. "I did not just hear you say that." "You did, ma'am. Patrol went to Corellian hell. Fast. I'm not sure what happened but…" Darren rambled on, but Mila didn't hear a word he said. Jaren . She didn't know where her brother was, or if he was even alive, but she had to find him. The doors to the medcenter hissed open, blowing a stream of cool air in Mila's face. The burned Pathfinder shivered. "Do they need to operate?" Mila asked. "Oh, yeah," Darren replied, the way his eyes bugged emphasizing the statement. He nodded towards his patient. "Most of these are critical. OR's gonna be busy today." Mila nodded, frowning deeply. "That's us, Sergeant. Where are Krell and Sundar?" "Both here. Krell wanted to go to Command, but Sundar's gonna need all the help he can get around here. We lost a bunch of them on the way in." They passed through the threshold of the OR, positioning the bed next to one of many operating tables. A pair of medical droids carefully lifted the patient onto the table. "Could have used you out there," Darren said sadly. "You and ten other units." "Demilitarization's not helping us," Mila griped through her teeth, tying her hair back and sterilizing her hands and lower arms. "More med cruisers means more bacta tanks, and more bacta tanks means more lives saved." Angrily, she reached for a pair of latex gloves, popping them over her small hands. "If the Senate could even begin to understand that—" "Don't even start, Lieutenant," a cold voice snapped. Mila squeezed her eyes shut and pursed her lips, not having to turn around to know who had come in. Everyone around her tensed. "Yes, it is good to be back," Krell went on sarcastically. "Thank you very much for asking." Mila ignored her, positioning the surgical lights above her where she needed them. She nodded at Darren. "Let's get to work." The day dragged on. More patients poured in. The second they'd finished working on the first one, a second one came behind him. Then a third, a fourth, a fifth. Eventually, Mila lost count. She always did. The most important number – the number that, for her, was the most sickening – was never how many came in. It was how many couldn't come back out again. Despite her colleagues' greatest efforts, that number was rising a little too fast. By the time the day was finally out, Mila wasn't sure she wanted to know it. Finally able to pull off her surgical mask, Mila smiled with relief, taking in big gulps of dry air that didn't smell like perspiration and sterile filtering material. Slowly she made her way down the hallway from the OR to the waiting area, the ringing in her ears from the systematic beeping of medical droids and life monitors fading into quiet. Exhausted, she threw herself into a chair, numbly staring at her toes. Adrenaline fading from her body, she slumped forward, resting her head on her chest and fighting to keep her eyes open. Booted footsteps echoed down the hallway towards her, but she was too tired to acknowledge them. They stopped about ten standard feet away. "There you are," Poe said warmly. "You okay?" Mila sat up a little bit, sighing so hard the pieces of her hair that had fallen in her face blew out in front of her. "I need a drink," she moaned. "And a hug." Poe smiled empathetically. "C'mere," he said, pulling her onto her feet and into his arms. "I can fix that." Gratefully Mila leaned into him, burying her face into the shoulder of his flight jacket. A small smile wisped across her face as he reached behind her head and took her hair down, slowly combing his fingers through it until the rigidness in her muscles disappeared. She heaved another sigh, tightening her grip and closing her eyes. Poe rubbed her back, holding her close. "But as for that drink..." He shrugged apologetically, and Mila laughed, pulling back enough to see his face and grinning up at him. "There's a smile," Poe said softly, kissing the bridge of her nose. There were bags under Mila's eyes, but they sparkled nonetheless. He stooped and kissed her forehead, a gentle, reassuring look in his eyes as he pulled back and affectionately rubbed her shoulder. "I heard about the attack," he said, taking Mila's hand and getting her to walk with him. "Has your brother gotten a hold of you yet? He said he was going to after he went to Command." Mila's jaw fell open, and she turned to face him quickly. "You've seen him?" she exclaimed. Poe nodded, a relived smile bursting across Mila's face when he did. "Right after we landed," he replied. "He's okay, Mila. He's angry – and he's got every right to be – but he's okay." "Did he tell you what happened?" Poe shook his head. "Moving too fast to. He said he needed to get to Command, and I wasn't about to get in his way." He sighed heavily. "Stood in his shoes way too many times." Mila nodded knowingly. Door hydraulics hissed behind them, and a good-sized group of people came in. "Mila!" a familiar voice called above the chatter. Gasping, Mila whipped around, sprinting across the tile and almost tacking a laughing Jaren to the ground. Poe grinned as he watched them. "I'm okay," Jaren reassured, holding his little sister close and kissing the side of her head. "I'm okay." "Lana and the boys—" "They know. I went home as soon as Command let me go." Mila sighed in relief, taking a step back and looking up at him. Jaren suddenly grinned, mischief dancing in his eyes. "You know, you haven't gotten any taller since the last time I saw you—" "Shut up," Mila cut him off, backhanding him in the chest and stifling a smile. "Kidding!" Jaren chuckled, holding up his hands in defense. "Really don't need any more bruises!" Mila laughed, throwing her arms around her brother's neck again and sighing. Jaren held her for a second, rubbing her back. "Welcome home, nerfherder," she whispered. "You scared the kriff out of me." Smiling down at her, Jaren pulled back, giving Mila's slim shoulder an affectionate squeeze. He looked over her head. "Commander," he said, walking across the room and giving Poe's hand a shake. "How've you been? How's Rapier holding up?" "Hanging in there, Colonel," Poe replied, smiling appreciatively. "Thanks for asking." His brow furrowed. "What happened?" Jaren frowned. "Flametroopers," he said, his voice and his face darkening like a big storm cloud had just passed over them. "They were hiding in the brush. We got hosed." "Flametroopers?" Mila asked. Jaren scowled. "Stormtroopers with flamethrowers." Poe's jaw tightened as he stared at the ground, his gaze hot enough to burn a hole in the floor. Mila sighed shakily. Jaren looked towards Poe. "You're lucky you didn't run into them, Commander," he added. "We were in the same patrol sector that you were in the night Palvo and Cage were killed." "So that sniper had buddies," Mila said. "How many?" Poe asked. "Ten," Jaren growled out. "Those of us that were still in fighting condition ran them down." He slammed his duffel on the ground, yanking back the zipper and wrestling with something inside. "I got to this one before he could blow himself up." His small hands clenched around his prize, he lifted it into the open, the bright hospital lights glaring against its polished, white sides. Mila's jaw dropped. Poe's eyes widened. Jaren handed the helmet to Mila, who held it like it would disintegrate in her hands if she breathed on it. "Did you take this to Command?" she said. "I did." "And?" The Pathfinder almost smiled. "They're handing it and the reports over to Senate Intelligence," he replied. His comm beeped in his pocket, and when he checked it, his face hardened. "That's Command," he went on, taking a few quick steps backwards. "They've heard back from the Senate and want to debrief me on the discussion. I'll be back." He turned, heaving a shaky sigh. "There's no way they'll turn this down," he said over his shoulder as he disappeared. "We're going to war." War. Mila's blood ran cold. She was torn. Taking the fight straight to the First Order, she knew, desperately needed to happen. They'd overstepped their boundaries time and again and needed to be put in check. She'd often wondered what a war would be like. But after having had a small taste of it over the past few months – of the pain that it could cause her and those she loved – she wasn't sure she was ready for it. A full-fledged war meant more days like today. More carnage. More casualties. More time away from home. Away from family. Away from Poe. She'd just gotten him back. She'd had him back for two days. If the Senate voted to go to war, he'd be sent to some Force-forsaken rock in the Unknown Regions that was crawling with TIEs and ill-tempered Stormtroopers. She'd lose him again, Force only knew for how long. After the hell that his last deployment had been, Mila couldn't bear the thought. "War," she absently echoed, her voice freezing over with dread. Poe nodded solemnly, sadly glowering at the floor. The New Republic Navy hadn't been placed on wartime alert since the waning days of the Galactic Civil War, when the last remnants of the Empire were sent packing towards the Unknown Regions, but they very well could be again. Now that Hux and his lackeys felt fit to crawl out from the darkness – now that they truly were an eminent threat – he knew he had to fight them back. It was his duty not only to the Republic, but to the those he had lost. But this was a gamble. A cold game which, if he bet wrong, could get him or another one of his wingmen killed. If the Senate called to go to war, the chances of them having to slog through that kind of grief again multiplied exponentially. Rapier, undoubtedly, would spearhead the counterattack. That pitted them against the best the First Order had to offer, which – if he let his addled thoughts drift down that worried path – meant they could lose someone else. Could he really put them through another loss like that again? They acted as if everything was okay – even made the point of telling him that it was – but Poe knew his squadron better than they gave him credit for. He'd seen Karé's bloodshot eyes. Iolo's fatigue. He'd noticed how Muran's temper had flared. How the youthful brightness in Kit's brown eyes had dampened. They struggled under the weight of everything that had happened just as he did. And he knew it upset Mila to see them all like that— Mila. The sight of her stabbed him like a dagger through the heart. He didn't want to be separated from her again, especially in light of everything that had happened. He shuddered. Due to the nature of her job, it wasn't a stretch to think the same deadly thief that had taken Palvo and Cage from him could snatch her away, too. Miia's unit wasn't only trained to evacuate wounded; it was specifically designed to be attached to strike teams. She and her men had to be able to fight like dogs to protect those couldn't protect themselves and, if needed, to charge in with the regulars. Her role in the combat would be every bit as dangerous as his, if not more. Poe found his arms wrapping around her, pulling her into the safety of his protective embrace. In the way that she clung to him – buried her face into his shoulder like a frightened child waking from a nightmare – it was clear to him that she was asking the same questions as he was. How much time did they have left? If the Republic went to war, it wouldn't be long. How far apart would they be from each other? How often would he be able to talk to her, if he was allowed to at all? What would— Stop , he scolded himself. You don't even know if this thing's gonna go through. It might, it might not. Don't waste the energy on it until you know for certain . Mila's grip around his waist tightened, and he buried his face into the crook of her neck, letting out a long, low sigh. He had her now. So he held her close, finding that as he relaxed into her, his urgency diminished. She with him and, for now, was perfectly safe. And that was all he could ask for. Chapter 17 : This Isn't Happening Chapter 17: This Isn't Happening "Do you think they were scared?" It was a valid question – one that he had once asked them himself – but Poe still found his brow knotting at it. "What?" he asked. Shakily, Mila blew out a little breath. "Your parents. When their war started. When they found out—or when they were waiting to. Do you think they were scared?" Poe nodded. "Dad told me he was," he replied, thinking back to the many conversations that he had had with his father about it while the day's light died out on Yavin IV. "Before and after. He was always worried. But he still had a job to get done, and nothing – not even being scared out of his mind – was going to keep him from it." "What about your mom?" Poe sighed softly, a tinge of longing setting in the brown of his eyes. "She didn't talk about it much," he said. "Though I imagine she was. I mean… it was war. One of the worst in Galactic history." He paused thoughtfully. "But I don't think the prospect of the fight itself is what made my parents nervous. Bucketheads, Interceptors, Death Stars. For them, that was just another day in the office." A breath of laugh rested in his voice, a bit of amusement sparkling in his eyes at the thought. "But afterwards," he continued, his face darkening. "When the smoke had cleared and the Galaxy was beginning to rebuild itself. That was when they started worrying." "About what?" Poe's shoulders sagged as he reached out and pulled Mila to him again. He looked out the window, over top of the flight line and to the Senate arena, his heart dropping to the pit of his stomach. "That their victory had been in vain," he said. "And when you look at what's happening now, Mila…." She searched his face, the worry returning to her eyes. "What about you?" "Me?" "Aren't you scared?" Poe nodded. "If we're being honest, I wish I was still flying airshows." A smile softened his face when Mila briefly chuckled. "But I guess we've got to do what's necessary. You know… people want to feel safe and all. It's our job to give them that." His voice dropped to a whisper, his anxious gaze falling to the floor. "I just hope it's worth it…." Mila nodded, leaning into his embrace further as a heat began to rise behind her eyes. "It better be," she said, cringing at how much her voice shook. "I… I just got you back…." She felt Poe's arms tighten around her, the comfort of his presence draping around her like a warm, oversized blanket. Anxiety nearly strangled her, but the fact that she, for now, still had Poe there with her made it easier to bear. She felt his finger gently slide under her chin, tilting her head up so she'd look at him. Poe searched her face for a moment, his own features softening a bit when she offered him a small, sad smile. Briefly he returned it before leaning in and kissing her urgently, the sheer, unexpected force of it completely taking Mila's breath away. Poe pulled back, resting his forehead on hers and holding her head between his palms. Mila sighed heavily, squeezing her eyes shut as she grabbed for one of his hands. "Hey," Poe urged gently. "Look at me." An empathetic smile eased across his face when Mila met his gaze again. "I'm not going anywhere ," he said, stalwart. A few tears slid down Mila's face, but he wiped them away nearly as soon as they fell. Pulling her to him again, he ran his fingers through her hair, holding her close and kissing the side of her head. "It's gonna be okay." "Start making a list, baby face," Karé half-laughed. She, Kit, Muran, and Iolo sat in her quarters huddled around a holo-projector, watching the Senate debate as it unfolded. "After the Senate gets this glop figured out, where do you think they're gonna send us?" Kit shrugged. "Wouldn't mind Theed," he replied. "Or Coruscant." "Bespin," Iolo suggested. "The views are supposed to be incredible." "Oo!" Karé suddenly exclaimed. "What about Mirrin Prime? I've heard it's really pretty." "Uvos!" Kit threw in, fake enthusiasm thick in his voice. "Stare at a gas giant and pick off the Irving Boys while the real battle rages on around us. It'd be just our luck." Karé and Iolo both groaned. Muran chuckled dryly, a wry smile easing across his face. "Anywhere but Hoth," he said. Karé nodded, laughing. "Oh, yeah," she agreed. "Take frying on a desert world to the Big Icy Ball of Suck any day." "Careful what you wish for, Two," Poe joked, walking in behind them. "Command hears you say that, and we'll be flying airshows for Tusken Raiders." "Yeah— no ," Kit piped up. "If we wind up on Tatooine," Poe teased, flopping down next to his long-time friend and folding his legs tailor-style in front of him. "Everybody blame Karé." "C'mon," Karé shot back. "You know you'd be a killer in a podrace, Mr. I-Can-Fly-Anything." Poe scoffed, grinning. "But what'd be worse? Tatooine or Mustafar?" "Oh, by the Four Moons, no!" Iolo piped up, chuckling uneasily. "Definitely Mustafar," Kit mused. "Tatooine'd be hot, but at least I could walk outside without, you know, my hair catching on fire." "Very true." "But then again, getting eaten by a krayt dragon doesn't sound so good, either." Muran shrugged. "Still better than a wampa." "Hear, hear!" Karé agreed, chuckling. "Watch them put us on Mandalore," Kit went on. "Sure Death Watch would give us a nice welcome present." "Ye-ah, that's not happening." Poe laughed. "Or…" he started, his face softening in thought. "They could just keep us right here. Be good to get to stay put on familiar soil for a while, don't you think?" "Wouldn't mind that," Kit threw in. He suddenly grinned. "And neither would you, Commander." Poe nodded, smiling. "No, I wouldn't." His eyes drifted to the Holo, his face hardening into a frown when they did. A Senator – one of the many Poe couldn't put a name to – had the floor, the lights in the Senate chamber dancing on the back of his bald head. A thick Hevurion accent laced his voice, and he held the air of one who let the respect the others gave him get to his head. "…but why sanction the First Order when we don't have definite proof that it was indeed their fault?" he projected, craning his neck as if he were watching to make sure all in the room were focused on him. "It may not be beneficial to us to send in troops immediately. We should try to reason with them before any disciplinary action is taken. We need other perspectives…." Karé scoffed. "…and it was merely a handful of men. Sixty-seven out of well over one thousand! Hardly a scratch, considering the size of the rest of our collective forces…." Poe scowled. It's a hell of a lot more than a scratch when two of those killed were your own. "If the First Order were really as much of a threat as you think they are, would they not have gunned down more? Would they not have…" "Who the hell is this guy?" Iolo nearly growled. "And what does he think he's saying?" Kit frowned, leaning in closer to the holo and squinting as he tried to make out the blurry Basic on the projection. "Senator Erudo Ro-Kiintor. Hevurion System." "…aided by pirates. When your only help comes from criminals – criminals that our brave men and women behind the stick have stamped out time and time again – then they can be no real threat…." "People are dying , Senator," Kit whispered sadly, his shoulders sagging. "Isn't that threatening enough?" Mila sat on the edge of her bed, eyes glued to her own holo as the debate in the Senate unfolded in front of her. The farther along Ro-Kiintor got in his argument, the angrier the medic became. "…the 250th Pathfinder Battalion is known to be a unit that openly looks for a fight," the Senator coolly went on. "It seems to me, fellow delegates, that this is less of a catastrophic tragedy and more of a catastrophic blunder on the part of Lieutenant Colonel Criss and the rest of his team…." Mila's eyes flashed. "Yeah," she muttered at the projection. "Blame the crime on the victim, Erudo. That's totally how that's supposed to work." "…but I know this for certain. We cannot continue to send more men to die needlessly while looking for a threat that may not even exist!" Cheers erupted in the Senate chamber. A long, thin smile slid across Ro-Kiintor's face. His two aides – one of which Mila owed her bright hazel eyes and the other her dark hair and small frame – applauded wildly. She frowned. She'd never been fond of her parents' line of work, but seeing them in that pod stung. Especially now, when the Senator brought into question the integrity of their own son and they cheered . "They do so much to protect us," Ro-Kiintor went on. "I believe we owe it to them to protect them by keeping them on our soil and as far away from the Unknown Regions as possible—" Mila shut the holo off with a click, huffing. Blankly, she stared at her floor, her head spinning as she tried to take in all that she'd just heard. A knot formed in her stomach. She'd never been particularly fond of Ro-Kiintor – he was too high-class and arrogant for her taste – but now, even a picture of him could flush her face with anger. People were dying, but the Senate kept Command tied down. Ro-Kiintor only tightened the knots. With an aggravated huff, Mila threw herself back on her bed, tracing patterns into the ceiling with her eyes. The Senate hadn't reached a decision yet, so did she really have a reason to be angry at them? Her shoulders sank into the mattress as she stared numbly above her, a tense quiet overtaking the room. Absent-mindedly she felt around for the remote, but she stopped herself before she could find it. Turning that thing back on would only heighten her anxiety, so she rolled over, hugged her knees to her chest, and watched traffic go by through her bedroom window, her body growing heavier as the last of the day's light faded from the sky. What she wouldn't give for some real rest, but that night her dreams were anything but restful. Mila awoke early the next day with a start, still fully dressed in her fatigues from the day before. Slowly she sat up, dangling her still-booted feet over the side of the bed and looking out the window. The sun's light was just beginning to leak into the sky, the stars fading behind it as it rose from a crimson horizon. It was a beautiful morning, and Mila half-smiled at it as she stood up and stretched. Groggily she dragged herself over to where her data pad sat on her desk, picking it up and hoping beyond all hope that there was no news for her to get. A little green light flashing in the corner of the device screamed otherwise. Taking a deep breath, Mila turned on her screen and went to her messages, her heart stopping at the one on the top of the stack. Lieutenant Mila Criss – Unit Transfer Notice . Her heart pounding, she took a deep breath and tapped the message, a fresh wave of worry knocking into her and making her dizzy. Lieutenant, As you well know, the Senate has been debating the course of action to be taken by all New Republic military units in the aftermath of the Dantooine attacks. I have been asked to inform you of their decision. At 03:00 this morning, Senate correspondence released a statement revealing that a compromise had been reached— "Compromise," Mila chuckled dryly. "Didn't think that word was in their vocabulary." —and that the First Order is not to be engaged under any circumstances. However, most active New Republic units are to be transferred to various bases close to the Unknown Regions so that our borders can be watched and, in the unlikely event of an attack, our best troops are already in a position to engage any hostile forces. Your battalion has been assigned to— Mila's eyes bugged, her breath faltering as she kept reading. "This isn't happening," she helplessly whispered, clapping a hand over her mouth. "This isn't happening…." —and we look forward to your safe return. May the Force be with you all, General Antilles "This isn't happening…." Numbly she stared at the floor, the news hitting her with the force a freighter traveling at lightspeed. She had to find Poe. How do I tell him? As she wound through the barrack's hallways, Mila mulled over the question. She hardly had the energy to move, much less talk. She could barely breathe. She felt sick. The closer to his door she got, the worse it became. Slowly she rapped her knuckles on the door, her hands beginning to shake when it hissed open. BB-8 nearly knocked her to the ground, warbling excitedly. A weak smile found it's way to the corners of Mila's mouth. "Hey, buddy," she managed. "Is Poe here?" The little droid chirped, spinning back through the doorframe and egging Mila to follow him. She sighed shakily and stepped in, shutting the door behind her. She heard his voice bouncing from the other side of the room, it's usually comforting tone threatening to bring the heat to the backs of her eyes. She swallowed. "Hey, sweetheart," Poe called, coming around the corner. "How are—holy kriff. Are you alright?" Mila managed to shake her head. "C'mere," Poe said, reaching out and wrapping his arms around her. She trembled in his embrace. "What is it?" he asked, concern plastering itself all over his face and voice as he pulled back and gripped her shoulders. Mila tried to talk, but words failed her. Poe's face fell. "You got orders, didn't you?" Slowly, Mila nodded. Poe sighed, trying to expel the dread that came in around his heart before it had time to settle. "Where are you going?" "Old Echo Base," Mila managed, barely audible. "Hoth." She couldn't look at him, and that scared him. Tentatively, Poe nodded. "For…" He took a deep breath. "For how long?" Mila sighed shakily, steeling herself as the heat rushed to the backs of her eyes. "Three years," she stammered. Chapter 18 : Fight Chapter 18: Fight She lost the courage to look at him the second the words left her mouth. By the way Poe sighed – by the way he swayed backwards as if the devastating news had socked him in the gut – Mila knew the doubts that had ravaged her mind on the long walk over now paraded through his. "Three years…" he echoed distantly, fighting to steady himself. "That… that's—" He heaved a quick, forceful sigh, any semblance of an encouraging response dying on his lips. "Holy kriff…." Mila's voice trembled. "What do we do?" she whispered, the croak of an unreleased sob scratching at her throat. Poe shook his head, running his hand through his hair nervously. "I don't know," he said. Tears clouded her vision, but Mila refused to let them fall. Her face twitched as she tried to retain a neutral expression. Her jaw clenched. Anxiety gnawed at her stomach, crushing down on her shoulders and making it hard to breathe. The bliss she'd felt only days before – the ecstasy of Poe's return, the soft, sweet taste of their first kiss, the feeling that she would live wrapped in that fairytale forever – it was gone. Struggling to peak back through the black of her doubts like a star on its deathbed. He'd said he wasn't going anywhere. Every other man who had ever made her that promise had broken it. Poe wouldn't… would he? Something inside her told her she had no reason to worry. Things hadn't happened too fast, and Poe had no… ulterior motives. If he would have, experience told her that they would have surfaced by now. His interest was genuine. But with three years and several thousand parsecs between them, how long would it hold up, if at all? Poe stood with his hands on his hips, nodding and blinking furiously. His brow furrowed. "Are you sure you read it right?" he ventured. Mila nodded. Poe's face fell. "When do you leave?" Mila's voice trembled. "Two days." Poe sighed shakily. "Okay." He nodded again, and Mila could tell he was fighting to keep his composure. "So…." He scoffed at himself, flopping on the edge of his bed. "Caraya's soul," he murmured. "What the hell do we do? That's…" Mila swallowed. Poe stared at the ground hollowly. "Three years is a long time." He blew out a long, nervous breath, resting his elbows on his knees as he held his head in his hands. Dread snagged Mila's heart, a dark piece of fruit snatched from a tree. The slumped posture, the defeated gleam in the eyes, the helplessness. She'd seen it all before. And if the rest of the conversation followed her worn-out blueprints, she was about to lose him. Which was why his next statement took her aback: "There has got to be a way." Mila's brow furrowed. "What?" she trepidly breathed. "You… you're not…" He stood and looked at her, his brown eyes soft. "I'm not what, sweetheart?" Mila sniffed. "You're not… you're not leaving—" "No!" Poe murmured earnestly, taking a few big steps towards her and catching her up in his arms as she started to cry. "No, no, no, no. Mila, I'd never—" He stopped short, blown away that she could even treat with the idea. His voice lowered to a soothing whisper. "I'm not going anywhere." Poe's hand wound into her hair, gently massaging her scalp as she sobbed into his shoulder. "I'm not going anywhere , Mil," he echoed, the declaration stalwart. "That's the last thing you have to worry about." He tenderly kissed the base of her neck, the soft, comforting touch lingering. "Shhh…." For what felt like hours Mila fought for her breath, struggling to tame the storm that surged inside her. Resting her head on Poe's shoulder, she leaned into his arms, the ability to breathe rushing back to her as the last of her tears finally slid down her face. Her head throbbed; her eyes stung. Inhaling shakily, she pulled back enough to see Poe's face. "Now," he said, wiping the tears from her eyes and offering her the gentle, crooked smile that never failed to stop her heart. "What made you think I'd leave you?" He eyed her with mock offense. "I'm not that guy." A grin suddenly burst across Mila's tearstained face, accompanied by a short, stuffed-up laugh. Clearly she felt the fool, but the smile on her face said she was relieved to feel that way. Poe softly chuckled as he bent to kiss her forehead. "We'll figure it out," he reassured, taking her small hand in his. "No use worrying if you don't have a plan yet. That message say anything about off-world communication?" Mila nodded. "I get two comms a week; one holo transmission every month. One of those comms goes to my family—" she beamed through her tears "—but the other one's all yours. So's the holo." Her features softened. "I don't think I could go three years without seeing your handsome face," she whispered, running her fingertips down the length of his jaw. "Sounds like a plan," Poe replied softly. Smiling, he held out his arms to her, inviting her to walk into them. "C'mere." Mila went to him, exhaling as he wrapped her in his warm embrace. "We're gonna make this work," Poe promised, affectionately pressing his lips to her temple. "I'm willing to fight for it if you are." He felt her nod, and he pulled her closer. "I'm not saying it's going to be easy," he went on, stroking her hair. "Chances are, it won't be. It will be one of the hardest things you have ever done. But you know what?" He tiled her chin up to look at him as his voice dropped to an impassioned whisper. "It sure as hell's gonna be worth it." "Awh, no ." Between the tone of Kit's voice and the way his shoulders slumped, Mila couldn't help but chuckle at him. They were out on the flight line as he worked on his fighter, the noonday light hanging high in the sky. Mila had come out to see everybody on her lunch break, and she'd just given them her news. Kit sighed empathetically. "Whelp," he said, closing a few panels underneath the X-wing's nose. "If you've gotta get stranded out there, here's a few tips. Don't go outside at night, watch out for black ice on the ground, and whatever you do—" he rolled out on the mechanic's creeper he'd bee n using to look the lieutenant in the eye "—do not give the tauntauns shuura fruit. No matter how cute they are begging for it. Gives them terrible gas." Poe sniggered loudly from the top of his fighter. "I'd forgotten about that." Mila's eyebrow quirked. "This just word around the campfire, Kit? Or are you speaking from experience?" Kit shrugged. "Well…." Mila chuckled nervously. "Yeah— don't do it. Just…" He waved his hands in front of him, as if he were cutting himself off. "Bad idea. Bad, bad idea." He paused, his voice dropping apologetically. "Stunk up the hanger for a week…." Mila laughed. "So they put on you on Old Echo, huh?" Mila nodded. "That's where we were!" Kit exclaimed, grinning. "Once you get past the cold, Lieutenant, it's actually not that bad. I mean… it's still pretty miserable sometimes, and your fingers might turn blue, but there's all kinds of cool stuff hiding around in that area." "Like what?" Mila asked, smiling at his childlike enthusiasm. From where he was sitting, Poe could hear the conversation. Because he'd known Kit for so long, he could spot the disappointment hidden in the lieutenant's big brown eyes. But on Kit talked, happily recounting his adventures as if nothing was wrong. Poe swore nothing could dampen the young man's gusto, not even the news he and Mila had just given him. Thank the Force for you, Kit, he thought. We'd lose our minds without you. "…they've got a few vintage snowspeeders in the hangar. You can still see scaring on the walls from where the old energy shield blew, and if you look out in the morning, you can see the shells of the old AT-ATs from the Battle of Hoth!" That perked Mila up at. "Are you serious?" she said. She leaned forward, intrigued. "Yup," Kit replied. "We've got a flat holo of Cage on top of one of the feet." "You can go out there?" Kit nodded. "Only by tauntaun, if they don't buck you off first." He craned his neck in the direction of one of the other fighters, grinning wickedly. "Right, Muran?" Muran stared at him flatly, none too thrilled about his misadventure resurfacing. The starts of a chuckle shook his voice. "Shut up, kid." Kit shrugged, an innocent smile playing on the corners of his lips. He turned back to Mila, who was chuckling. "You've heard the Cage-got-locked-in-a-utility-closet story, but if you were wondering if anything on Hoth beat that, yeah." He snickered, jerking at Muran with his thumb. "That definitely did." Mila laughed. "And here soon," Kit went on, "you'll be able to catch us up on the crazy sithspit that happens to you while you're there." He put an oil-stained hand on her shoulder. "The Big Icy Ball of Suck is an… experience, that's for sure. But once you get past the suck, it's a pretty neat place." Karé's R4 unit whistled from somewhere behind them, its tone dripping sarcasm. Karé laughed. "What'd he say, Karé?" Kit called, grinning. Karé smirked. "He asked if the coolant fumes were getting to your head." Suppressing a grin, Kit eyed his friend's old astromech. "That how it is, bucket brain?" The droid warbled again, this time indignantly. Karé brought her palm to her forehead, the white of her smile peaking out from behind the shadow cast across her face as she laughed. "What now?" "Says you should be sent to a psych analyst!" Kit lightly scoffed. "Pessimist." Karé gave him a look. "Oh, so you agree with him?" "Hey," she refuted, pointing at him with the Harris wrench in her hand. " You weren't the one with frostbite on your toes, laser brain." "Well, if you'd just have, you know, not forgotten your winter-weight socks, that probably wouldn't have happened!" Karé sighed in defeat, shaking her head at him and grinning. "You're a tool." She shrugged, turning to a laughing Mila. "He is right, though." Mila shook her head, grinning ruefully. "I'm gonna miss you guys." "We'll miss you too, Mil," Kit replied, nodding. "You're the thirteenth man." He reached his arms out for a quick hug. "Part of the family." Mila beamed, returning her young friend's embrace. "Thanks, bud," she whispered. "How much longer before you deploy? You said two days, right? Well… now it's more like a day and a half, but—" "Kit," Mila chuckled, cutting him off with a reassuring smile. Kit dipped his head. "Just, uh, come and see us as much as you can before you go, okay?" Mila smiled. "I'll be sure to." She took a step towards the fighters behind him. "And I don't have to go back to work just yet, so I think I'll hang out here." Coming up to Poe's X-wing, she reached up and wrapped her knuckles on the metal, just under the cockpit. "Knock, knock." Poe's head popped over the side, peering down at her. "Got a few minutes?" Mila nodded. He smiled brightly. "Get up here." Grinning, Mila complied, hauling herself up the rungs of the ladder and hanging just outside the cockpit. BB-8, who was in the astromech socket, warbled a happy greeting. "Hey, little guy," Mila smiled, reaching out and touching the droid's dome. "You ready to go?" BB-8 warbled again, his body rocking in time with his speech. "Actually," Poe said, "sounds like he wants to get down. Wants to run one last scan before we lift off." He nodded towards his girlfriend. "You should be able to reach your hand down in the space between the socket wall and BB-8. There's a lever in there that will drop him if you can get a grip on it." Leaning sideways, Mila stuck her arm into the socket, groping around. "Feel it?" "Not yet. But it's gotta be—wait. There it is." She gave the lock a good yank, and BB-8 plummeted to the ground, hitting the permacrete with a loud metal clank . He rolled backwards and chirped a 'thank you' before disappearing under the fighter. Poe chuckled. "Little guy's always on the move." Mila smiled at him. "So what's on the agenda for you today, flyboy? Anything earth-shattering?" Poe glanced at the sky. "If you can call orbital runs 'earth-shattering,' then yes." He pulled his flight gauntlets over his hands. "Gonna take Kit up there and see how he does. He shouldn't wind up back with your guys, should he?" "He'd better not," Mila exclaimed. Her eyes wandered into the cockpit. "That looks complicated," she said, staring at the controls. Poe lightly shrugged. "It's not too bad. Just a matter of remembering what goes with what." He reached down past the stick to his feet and grabbed his helmet, sitting it on his lap and crossing his arms over the top of it nonchalantly. "It's like with anything else. More time goes on, the more you do it, the more you remember." BB-8 squawked at him from below. Poe grinned. "Hold on, buddy," he said, his gloved fingers moving across the panel in front of him. "It's coming." Hydraulics hissed, and BB-8 rose back up into the astromech socket, photoreceptor glancing around as if he were taking in the view. A set of quad engines roared to life nearby, followed by another, and the little droid beeped excitedly. "About to head out?" Mila asked. Poe nodded. X-wing canopies came down in Mila's peripheral, and she grinned at her pilot before leaning in and kissing him on the cheek. "Fly pretty," she murmured, stepping down the ladder and dragging it away. Poe's engines growled as they awoke, their deep, familiar tone bringing a smile to Mila's face. The canopy came down around him, and she could see him keying in a few last commands before lifting off. The whole squadron rose in tandem. One by one, the Rapiers stretched and snapped into hyperspace, leaving nothing but an empty blue sky in their wake. As she watched them, Mila smiled sadly. The next time she was out here, she thought, it would be her making the jump. But she still had one day left. She'd better make it count. Chapter 19 : Last Night Home Chapter 19: Last Night Home Except for the sheets on the bed and the bed itself, the room was completely barren. Mila stood in the threshold, looking around at the now eerily while walls. She didn't bring too much with her on base – her possessions of highest importance stayed in her childhood room – but it still rattled her a bit. Gingerly she came in, walking towards her window and leaning against the windowsill with a dampened gleam in her bright hazel eyes. The room itself wasn't much – standard living quarters for a lieutenant weren't terribly big and only came with necessary furniture, a small refresher, a food conservator, and a bed - but she had grown fond of it. For the past nine years, it had been home. Her personal alcove. It would be waiting for her when she got back, she knew, but like everything else on her homeworld, she was going to miss it terribly. A soft knock on the doorframe gently shook Mila from her thoughts. She turned around and smiled when she saw Poe coming towards her, holding something under his arm. "Get packed?" he asked, looking around. Mila nodded, biting her lower lip and sighing. "It's a little too real now," she admitted. A sympathetic smile warmed Poe's face. "I know," he said, rubbing her arm affectionately. "But if you have room, I've got something for you." He took the mystery object, a massive white blanket, and draped it around her shoulders, holding onto her from behind. "Kept me from freezing to death when I was there," he murmured, planting a kiss on the side of her face and resting his chin on her shoulder. "Figured it could help you, too, given how you get cold so easily." Mila grinned, turning her head to look at him. The little things that Poe remembered – the way she liked her caf, her favorite spots on base, and, more relevantly, the fact that she usually slept with several extra blankets to shut out the chill that always seemed to find her – never failed to make her heart smile. "Thank you," she replied sweetly, pulling the thick, plush fabric around her. "Man, it's soft," she mused. "What's it made of?" "Wampa fur." He smirked at her. "Sweating yet?" Mila laughed. "Little bit." She turned around in his arms and faced him, standing on her tiptoes to kiss him. "You have no idea how much this helps." she said, walking across the room to the massive duffel slumped in the corner. Her feet shuffled across the floor, and Poe had to laugh at the way the blanket pooled around her feet, trailing behind her like the train of a wedding dress. She kneeled next to the bag – it was nearly as big as she was – and gave the zipper a good, loud yank. Softly she folded her gift, gently tucking it into the top where she could access it easily. Hoth was cold, but space was colder. She would need it on the way over. Poe grinned. "So it's your last night here, babe," he said, trying to sound cheerful as he sat on the foot of her bed. "What're you planning on doing with it?" Mila shrugged, zipping the duffel and standing. "Hadn't really thought about it." She walked back across the room, reaching for the conservator handle. "I've still got some food. We could heat it up, and—" A deep frown set into her features as her voice cut out. "I already cleaned it out." She sighed, her shoulders sagging. "There goes that idea." "You hungry?" " Starving ." "For what?" Mila shook her head. "I don't know," she said. Poe's eyebrow quirked. "Well that doesn't help me very much," he drawled, a crooked grin splitting his face when Mila lightly chuckled. "Ivarujari?" the medic suggested, her voice emulating the shrug that tugged at her shoulders. "We could run out and get it and bring it back here. Lay low for a while." "We could," Poe replied, nodding as he considered her proposition. His brown eyes twinkled. "Or we could grab it – my treat – and then take it to the top of the hanging gardens and watch the sun set." Mila curiously met his gaze, her lips parting in the starts of a bright, intrigued smile. "Are you asking me on a date?" "Little bit overdue," Poe replied with a bold grin, standing up and leaning on the wall next to her. "But yeah. That's exactly what I'm doing." Mila beamed, searching his face with an excited light in her eyes that Poe wasn't sure he'd seen before. Her whole face glowed. "You up for it?" Mila nodded. "Of course I am." The view from the top of the gardens was nothing short of incredible. Republic City glowed gold under the sunset, the distant starts of night fading the sky from deep reds and oranges to indigo. The farther away the sun sank, the brighter the flecks waxing starlight became. Past the city, a river wound off into the distance, melting into the horizon as if it were a stream of molten gold. It affectively robbed the breath from Poe's lungs. But as far as he was concerned, it still wasn't the best Hosnian Prime had to offer. The small-framed silhouette draped in his flight jacket that stood in front of him would forever hold that title. From the second they'd finished the climb and stepped out onto the roof, Mila hadn't stopped smiling. Her features softened by the dying day's light, she seemed more radiant that ever. Her unbound brown hair blew gently back in the cool breeze, wrapping around her shoulders as she eagerly peered into the distance. Poe grinned. If there was a way he wanted to remember her for the next three years, this was definitely it. He knew – to his chagrin – that his time with her was quickly running out, so he'd spent the majority of the evening taking her in. Memorizing the way she moved, how her small hand fit in his, how her eyes sparkled when she laughed. He'd asked her about everything under the sun, committing every last word of her responses to memory the second they left her mouth. As cliché as he knew it was to think, he could have listened to Mila talk forever and not for one second been bored. "Damn," he said, eyeing her with an amused cringe as she finished off the most recent of her stories. "You really haven't had the best luck." Mila shrugged, chuckling lightly. "The first I'd blame less on him being a jackass and more on both of us being young and stupid. Broke up after three weeks." She laughed at herself. "I thought for sure it was the end of the world. Then my Academy days came, and you know how that goes. Everybody has their fair share of flings." Poe chuckled knowingly. " Oh yeah." "It was after I got out of the Academy and was trying to get into the unit I'm in now that I got into trouble." Poe's brow furrowed. "What do you mean?" Mila sighed. "Jerks crawled out of the woodwork, as Calo would say. Anything from trying to keep me from my job to trying to make me… do things that I didn't want to do. Let's put it that way." Poe frowned concernedly. "You come out okay?" "Oh, yeah. I stopped him before anything could happen. One of my own men – not my brightest idea – and after he came on me, I ordered him to stand down and he didn't. Got him arrested and court-marshaled for insubordination." She paused, her brow furrowing as she finished off the last of the Ivarujari noodles she was holding. "And that was after I kicked him in the crotch so hard that he probably can't have children…." Poe's brown eyes bugged as an astonished laugh blew through his lips. He patted her on the shoulder. "That's my girl." "So what about you, flyboy? You made any infinitely stupid decisions like that?" Poe nodded, a wry smile warming his face. "Starfleet cadet is pretty much synonymous with stupid." He snickered. "Karé and Iolo can attest to that." "So you were a bit of a smooth operator, huh?" "A bit," he echoed, his face softening as he tucked a piece of Mila's hair behind her ear. "Though something tells me if I'd have run into you back then," he added, his voice lowering mellifluously as he searched her face, "you would've stopped me dead in my tracks." Mila's face glowed as she smiled. "You think so?" she asked softly, wrapping her arms around his neck. He stooped and kissed her tenderly. "I know so," he whispered. Mila beamed, resting her head on Poe's shoulder as he pulled her into his arms. A content half-smile tugging at the corners of her mouth, she leaned into his embrace, calmed by the rise and fall of his chest as she watched the last of the sunset fade into dusk. Everything seemed to slow, to relax, as she did. The hum of the city below waned in her ears, as if it were drifting off to sleep. Between the cool breeze and the sweet warmth of Poe's scent caressing her senses, Mila found her eyelids drooping a bit. She smiled wistfully. "I wish I didn't have to go," she softly moaned, drawing herself closer to him. Poe sighed. "So do I," he replied, gently rubbing her back. "But we can do this. I know we can. I mean… it'll be just like Dantooine, just nobody's dying. And once the first four-week cycle is up, we'll just have—" he paused as he did the math in his head "—thirty-five more to go. That's… not so bad, is it?" Mila poutingly chortled. "What?" Mila's groaning laughter grew louder. "You just made it sound longer…." "I did?" "Yes." Poe sighed, an exasperated chuckle cutting through his breath as a defeated smile slipped across his face. "Whelp," he decided. "I tried." "And that's appreciated," Mila reassured affectionately, standing on her tiptoes and planting a kiss on his jaw. She searched his face for a moment after she pulled back, a swell of soft emotion rising in her chest as she lost herself in his deep brown eyes. "You know something?" she said. "What?" Poe asked, drawing her a little closer to him. Mila's lips parted into a quiet smile. She'd never been one to say exactly what she was thinking, but for whatever reason the words had no trouble leaving her mouth. "I really like you." A grin burst across Poe's face. "I really like you, too," he murmured, his eyes dampening wistfully as his hand found the small of her back. "And I'm gonna miss the hell out of you when you're gone." He ran his thumb across her cheek as he spoke, reveling in the softness of her skin and committing it to memory. Mila briefly held his face in her hands before kissing him with a tender passion he wasn't sure he'd felt before. Poe leaned into her and smiled. He certainly didn't have a problem returning it, and he heard Mila's breath shorten when he did. If he could somehow capture this moment and make it last for the rest of his life, he would. Life, however, habitually kept him from being that selfish. She'd thought about asking Poe to stay with her that night, so that she wouldn't have to pass the hours lying awake alone, but she hadn't been brave enough to. No matter how hard she tried, Mila couldn't shut her eyes. Every noise outside her window made her jump, even if she knew its source. When her worried mind finally let her exhausted body drift to sleep, her alarm jarred her awake again. Her head pounding and her eyes hurting from lack of sleep, Mila groaned exasperatedly. She willed her muscles to move, though they were too worn down to listen. Her eyes heavily closing, she sank into her mattress, fighting the pull of the rest she so desperately needed and failing miserably. She thought she heard her door hiss open – thought she heard footsteps nearing her bedside – but she dismissed it as the starts of a dream. The side of her bed sank, creaking under added weight as someone sat down next to her. The piece of hair that had fallen across her face was gently brushed back into place, clearing the way for the soft, lingering kiss that was pressed to her forehead. If this was a dream, Mila thought, it was off to a good start. "Mila," Poe murmured, stroking her face with the back of his index finger. Slowly Mila's hazel eyes cracked open, eyeing his silhouette with sleepy fondness. A warm, familiar smell drifted up her nose, and she smiled faintly. "Did you bring me caf?" she asked, the croak of exhaustion set deeply in her voice. "I did bring you caf." Mila's smile broadened. "You're the best, babe," she said, stretching and sitting up as he handed her the mug he'd brought with him. Gratefully she took a sip. Poe looked her over, an empathetic gleam in his eye. "You didn't sleep at all last night, did you?" Mila shook her head, her eyes involuntarily shutting again as the corners of her lips sagged. "I didn't either," he admitted, rubbing her back. "Head wouldn't let me." "Well, then. If you were awake all night, I really should have asked you to stay." She smiled at him suggestively. "Could've had all sorts of fun." Poe chuckled. He leaned in and kissed her temple, burying his face into her messy hair. "Gotta leave you something to look forward to when you come home," he whispered in her ear. Mila grinned, taking another sip of caf. Her hand found his in the darkness and gave it a squeeze. "Haven't even left yet and I'm already counting the days." She swung her legs over the side of her bed and put her feet on the floor. "But," she said, standing and stretching again. "I guess the sooner I get up, the faster the time will start passing, huh?" She shuffled across the room, slapping her hair up in a lazy ponytail and throwing the top half of her fatigues over the t-shirt – one of Poe's – that she'd tried to sleep in. Reluctantly she grabbed her combat boots, pulling them over her feet. She moved to lace them up, but Poe kneeled in front of her, looking up at her with a gentle smile before picking up the laces and tying them himself. Heat rose to the backs of Mila's eyes. She might not have known how she landed or even deserved a guy as sweet and thoughtful as Poe was – for all she knew, she might not ever figure that out – but she knew for a fact that she was lucky to have him. And that, in a few hours time, she was going to miss him terribly. Poe stood, taking her hand and helping her to her feet. "C'mon, Lieutenant," he said, a soft sadness lacing his voice as he stooped and hoisted her duffel over his shoulder. "Let's move." The sun hadn't even begun to rise as the two silently made their way towards the flight line. Transports loaded with supplies and other troops from other units were already rising into the air, leaving Hosnian Prime behind. Familiar voices rose up over the engines, barking out the beginnings of final orders as Mila and Poe came closer. Mila sighed, hanging her head. Poe rubbed her shoulder reassuringly, the affectionate gesture comforting her and making her heart sink all at the same time. In a few hours time, she'd have to wait three gruelingly long years to feel that touch again. Poe hoisted her duffel a little higher onto his back. "Where's this going, Mil?" he asked. Mila's voice was barely audible. "It stays with me." Nodding, Poe set it down at her feet. His deep eyes glanced around the flight line, spotting Krell and Sundar and a large group of soldiers standing in front of several transports. Krell's cold voice cut through the engine noise. "There's a conversation you probably don't need to miss," he sighed. Mila nodded, heaving her duffel onto her back with a tired grunt. Poe's neck craned over the crowd to a line of X-wings parked in the distance. His squad had beaten him out there. "You go ahead and do what you need to do, sweetheart," he said, the dampened gleam in his eye lifting a bit as the starts of a smile brightened his face. "I'll be right back." He stooped and kissed her forehead, giving her shoulder a light squeeze before turning and jogging across the line. Mila briefly smiled at her toes, wondering what else he had up his sleeve. Steeling herself, she squared her shoulders and marched over to where the rest of her unit was standing, coming up between Darren and Wex. Orders passed through one ear and out the other, squelched from her concentration by exhaustion and fear. She met eyes with Sundar, who smiled reassuringly at her as he talked through the last of the deployment procedures. Sundar dismissed his troops, swinging his own duffel over his shoulder and backing up towards the transport. The men and women under his command dispersed across the flight line, gathering belongings and saying their goodbyes to friends and families. All, he noted, save one. "Lieutenant?" Mila jumped, snapping from her thoughts to stand at attention. An empathetic smile stretched across the colonel's face as he noted the bags under her drooping eyes. Fondly, he clapped her on the shoulder as he walked past her. Mila's face softened as she watched him tightly hug his wife and soothe his children. She even went so far as to smile. Sundar had a gift for putting others at ease, for instilling confidence in the people around him. She was glad he'd be with her. Her eyes raked the crowd, watching her own men as they said their goodbyes. Wex kissed his new fiancée; Darren joked with his father and mother before wrapping them both in a tight hug. One of Sundar's kids – a son who looked exactly like him – suddenly burst out laughing at something his father said, bringing a faint grin to Mila's face. Quick footsteps belonging to little feet pounded into the permacrete behind her. The grin on Mila's face widened. "Uh oh," she said, wheeling around to face her young assailants – her twin nephews – as they nearly knocked her to the ground. She laughed, holding the two boys close as she stood and walked towards the rest of her family. "Would've said incoming," Jaren chuckled, ruffling the twins' sandy hair, "but they're getting too fast." Mila smiled, burying her face into Liam and Evan's little shoulders as she hugged them. "Oh," she sighed, setting them down and kneeling in front of them. "I'm gonna miss you two so much." "When will you be back, Aunt Mila?" Evan asked. "Can you come back tomorrow?" added Liam. Mila chortled. "I wish I could, buddy," she said, smiling sadly. "But I'm gonna be gone for a real long time." She tapped the boys' noses. "You guys are gonna be so big when I get back." In the distance, Poe watched his girlfriend cajole her nephews. One of them suddenly giggled, throwing his little arms around his aunt's neck as she planted a firm kiss on the side of his face. Suddenly he was back on a small Yavinian ranch, with a mother who showed the same wistful affection to her son that Mila poured out to the child in her arms. He couldn't help but smile as he looked on. "…but until then," Mila went on, looking Liam right in the eyes. "You've gotta promise me you'll look after your mom and dad." She eyed Jaren with a smirk. "Dad's a loose cannon. Keep him out of trouble for me, will ya?" Liam giggled and nodded. Mila grinned. "Good." The gleam in her eye dampened as she thought about setting the boy down, but Liam tightly wrapped his arms around her neck, burying his little face into the top of her shoulder. "I love you, Aunt Mila," he said simply. Mila beamed, a little heat rising to the backs of her eyes. "I love you too, buddy," she replied, rubbing his back. "I'll be back before you know it." Gently, she put Liam's feet back on the ground, looking up at the boy's father. The Pathfinder smiled at her. "C'mere," he whispered, pulling his little sister into his arms. Mila sighed shakily as she leaned into his broad shoulder. "You'll be okay, sis," Jaren reassured, ruffling her hair. "I've still got your back, even from halfway around the galaxy." His voice dropped to murmur in her ear. "And don't worry about your Rapier. I'll keep an eye on him for you." Mila chuckled, pulling back to look up at her brother before turning to his wife. The rising sun reflecting on her blonde hair, Lana offered her sister-in-law a little smile as she hugged her. "Stay safe," she said, giving Mila's arm a squeeze. "And stay warm," Damien added, hugging his sister from behind. "Don't need you freezing to death out there." Mila laughed, moving around and returning the mechanic's embrace. She turned to Calo, who had laid a hand on his big sister's shoulder before hugging her tightly. "Since I won't be there to tell you when you graduate," Mila whispered, rubbing his back affectionately. "Congrats, Lieutenant. Fly high for me." Calo smiled. "I will." Mila nodded, looking over her little brother's shoulder at her parents. How they looked now – Senatorial robes swapped out for simple civilian clothes – was how she liked them best. Suddenly overcome with emotion, she dropped her arms from her brother's sides and threw them around her parents at the same time, squeezing her eyes tightly shut. Not matter how much they may have disagreed on current events, she always had a hard time leaving them behind. "I'll miss you both," she murmured shakily. She heard her father hum empathetically. "We'll miss you too, sweetheart," he replied, kissing the side of her head. "We are so, so proud of you, Mila," her mother said, putting her small hands on Mila's shoulders as she pulled back. Her dark eyes smiled sadly. "You've always been the brave one. Don't you ever lose that." Mila grinned, nodding slowly. The rest of her men congregated around the base of the transport behind them, and she took a deep breath, pulling her duffel onto her shoulders and turning to meet them. One last time, she looked over her shoulder at her family. "I love you guys," she called, her voice shaking a bit with suppressed emotion. "We love you, too," they replied. Mila's father smiled. "Now go do what you love, little one. We'll be here waiting when you get back." Mila smiled and nodded, heading towards the transport. The others around her started to file in, stashing their bags under the seats as they talked to one another. Wex and Darren moved past her and settled in. She took a deep breath, steeling herself as she watched them. She could do this, she told herself. She could— Someone tapped on her shoulder, gently tugging her out of her worried thoughts. When she found Kit behind her and the rest of Rapier Squadron coming towards her, her heart swelled. She glanced at Rapier One over Kit's shoulder. So that's what he was up to. He went to go get them . "Don't you even think about blowing this rock before saying goodbye to me, doc," Kit grinned, holding his arms out to her. Mila laughed, throwing her arms around her friend's neck and smiling as the rest of Rapier came in around her. She may not have known them for quite as long as she'd known others, but they were quickly becoming her second family. "We'll be sure to keep him out of trouble," Iolo reassured, giving the medic a quick hug. He nodded towards Poe. "Both of them." "Wish us luck," Karé smirked. Poe scoffed, grinning. Mila chuckled. Turning to Karé and Muran, she embraced them both. "Good luck, Mila," Muran said, a small smile stretching across his usually stern face. Mila grinned at him. Transport engines roared behind her, blowing her hair around in the wind they created. Mila's shoulders sagged. "Guess that's my cue," she sighed. Her eyes met Poe's, and she tried to smile at him. Tears looming in the backs of her eyes, she cannoned into his arms, burying her face into the shoulder of his flight suit. She pulled back far enough to lean back in for one last kiss, reveling in its taste for as long as she could. "Remember what I told you," Poe whispered, holding the side of her face in his hand so she'd look up at him. "When you get back, I'll be here waiting for you. I promise." Mila smiled, a tear rolling down her cheek as she nodded. "Be brave, sweet girl. I'll see you soon." Hesitantly she stepped back, re-shouldering her duffel and blaster rifle as she headed up the gangplank. "And Mila?" She paused, her lips parting as she looked at him over her shoulder. Poe's face softened. "May the Force be with you." One last time, Mila smiled at him, taking him in as the rising sun warmed his features. The confident half-smile, the reassuring gleam in his eye, the wind ruffling his dark, wavy hair as the morning light intensified the orange of his flight suit. This was how she got to remember him. And this was what would be waiting for her when she returned, she reminded herself as she sat down next to a window. She spotted him on the permacrete as the transport lifted off, surrounded by his squadron. And as Poe and Hosnian Prime disappeared below her, she was reminded of his stalwart words: I'm not saying it's going to be easy… but it sure as hell's gonna be worth it . He couldn't have been more right. Chapter 20 : It'll Be Our Turn Soon Chapter 20: It'll Be Our Turn Soon When Rapier had said the cold was suffocating, they hadn't been kidding. The second the transport's gangplank dropped against the frozen permacrete, Hoth's freezing gloaming air zapped the breath from Mila's lungs. Almost instantly her hands began to shake. After fumbling for her duffel and blaster rifle under the seats in front of her, she took a deep breath and stepped out into Old Echo Base's main hangar. As she took in her surroundings, she felt as if she'd gone back in time. A tauntaun brayed as it bounded out into the snow behind her, tossing its horned head as its rider quickly gathered the reins. Old blasterfire burn marks still scarred the hangar's roof. Just inside the hangar door – a gaping cave-mouth that offered little view of the rolling hills of snow outside – were several vintage T-47 snowspeeders. Mila couldn't help but smile when she spotted them. What did Poe do the first time he saw those? Mila chuckled. She could just see him in her mind's eye jogging up to the side of one, a grin sprawled across his face. Eyes wide with wonder, he and his squad would walk around their bases as the names of the legendary Rogue Squadron passed through their lips in astonished whispers. Luke Skywalker could have stood in that very spot. Or Han Solo. Or Leia Organa. Mila froze, suddenly awestruck. The history of the place – the stories of the heroes that had passed through its fabled halls – certainly could stop one in their tracks. So swept away in her imagination was she that she jumped when she felt a hand grasp her shoulder. "Lot to take in, Lieutenant?" the warmth in Sundar's voice was tinged with amusement. Mila cleared her throat, slightly embarrassed at having gawked like a child. Sundar chuckled. "Tell your men to fall in for inspection and conditioning," he ordered softly. "You've got some new recruits to break in. Then you are to report to me at 1500 this afternoon. You'll be getting the rest of your platoon's assignments then." Mila nodded. "Yes, sir." Sundar smiled. "Glad I have you for this one, Criss," he said, clapping her on the back as he walked away. "We were losing our minds without you last time." Though the colonel's words had been meant as a compliment, a frown sank into Mila's face as she watched him go. What if 'this time' ended just as badly as Dantooine had? What if it, Force forbid, was worse? There could be anything – anyone - lurking in the concealment of the snow, and— No , Mila firmly told herself. That's the cold and the distance talking . A shivering hand wrapping around her duffel's strap as Mila made her way farther into the base. Her breath clouded in front of her. The dimly lit tunnels of packed snow and ice she passed through seemed to close in around her the deeper in she went. The cold, dry air stung her lungs. Despite the heavy coat that sat around her shoulders, she shivered violently. She had only been underground for a few minutes and was already pining for Hosnian's warmth and sunlight. Finally the hallway opened up into the base's main control room, which was scattered with new arrivals who were, like Mila, trying to find their way. After a brief discussion – none of which she remembered afterwards – she made her way to her new living quarters. Hesitantly she plugged in the lock code at the door and stood in the threshold for a few minutes after the door hissed open, frowning. The room was standard size and layout, almost exactly the same as her quarters back home. Only the walls were made of solid ice and the window – if it could even be called one – was a little more than a ship's porthole. Like almost everywhere else on base, it was relatively dim and overwhelmingly, distractingly cold. Once she had everything unpacked and laid out, she tried to tell herself, it would feel a little more like home. With a grunt she dropped her duffel off her back and onto her new bed and yanked back the zipper. Poe's blanket, still folded the way he had handed it to her, stared at her from the opening. Gingerly she lifted it out, Poe's sweet scent overwhelming her senses as she wrapped herself up in it. A lump formed in her throat as her eyes drifted out the window to a solitary gold star. Being away from him, being away from her family. It all hit her at once. Though she scolded herself for it, she softly began to cry. This was going to be a long three years. He just looks like the life's been zapped out of him . From where she sat on the nose of her fighter, Karé watched her commanding officer unenthusiastically tinker with a bundle of landing gear wires for what seemed like the one-hundredth time that night. An exhausted frown was wrought into his face. Bags hung heavily under his tired eyes. Everything around him seemed, for a lack of a better word, deflated. The small holo that they had brought out to the flight line with them droned monotonously in the background. Even BB-8 was dispirited, rolling around as if he hadn't seen the good end of a power charger in several years. Karé had been able to keep count of the days since Mila had left – a little over a month – but she could tell that for Poe they had all run together in a gruelingly monotonous string. There had been little word from Hoth – when Mila could get a hold of him it was never for long – and Karé knew that that bothered him. Over the past month, other squadrons around them had pulled out and moved to other bases along the Unknown Regions. Some had even passed into it. A large part of her hoped that when Deso sent them off on whatever wild bantha chase he had in the works, it would liven Poe's spirits some. Even if it did turn into another space-debris blasting competition. But for now, she could only hope that she and the rest of the squad could somehow pick him back up again. "You doing alright, Commander?" Karé finally broke the silence. "You don't quite seem like yourself." Through the weariness in his face, Poe actually smiled a bit and nodded. "I'm good, Two" he sighed. "Just tired." Rapier's lieutenants exchanged glances. Every time they had asked, Poe had said that exact same thing. It wasn't entirely a lie; he truly was spent. But something else, something deeper than enervation, was what really weighed him down. Tired, deep brown eyes steadily peered into the sky, fixed on a distant, pale-blue star system. Kit frowned empathetically. He'd dealt with his fair share of long-distance – leaving Aly behind was always the worst part of any deployment – but even he was at a loss for words. Defeated, he turned towards the holo and listened to the reporter detachedly ramble on about the thousands of recent deployments. With a little huff, he stood and turned it off with a click. "It'll be our turn soon," Poe suddenly broke the silence. Kit's brow furrowed. "Huh?" "Deso's still got some details to work out with on high," Poe explained, rolling out from underneath his fighter with a grunt, "but we'll be getting our own orders in the next couple of days." A small, dry smile cracked across his face. "Wonder how much fuel we're gonna wind up wasting this time?" Soft laughter rippled across the permacrete. "You have any clue where we're going, Poe?" Iolo asked. Poe shook his head. "Deso didn't say. But he did reassure me that Karé won't be getting frostbite this trip." Karé groaned. Kit elbowed her in the ribs, chuckling wickedly. "He also said that if this thing flies, we'd be making history." "Sounds like a big deal," Iolo said. "Better not be," Muran said bluntly. "We've had our fair share of excitement." He frowned. "I don't need any more of you dropping on me." "And who said any of us would?" Kit said, putting a hand on Muran's shoulder. He smiled reassuringly. "Deso said he was going to work us back in slowly, and I think he will. It can't be anything that crazy." Poe's face fell. Though he appreciated Kit's optimism, he wasn't in a position to believe it. His eyes drifted to the sky again. "I sure hope not." "To be honest," Mila confessed to the holo screen, "if I see one more frostbite case, I am going to punch a wall." A grin cracked across Poe's face as he quietly laughed. "That bad, huh?" "Yeah." Softly she groaned, running a shivering hand through her hair. "I don't know how much more of it I can take," she said, inwardly cringing as her breath fogged in front of her. "We're all pretty miserable." She heaved a little sigh and pulled the blanket a little closer around her, getting it close enough that his scent floated up her nose. "I miss you so much." Poe smiled empathetically. "I miss you too, sweetheart." "One month down. Only thirty-five to go." She hadn't meant to sound completely hopeless, but even to her own ears she did. Poe nodded, his jaw setting stalwartly. "We can do this." "I hope so." "I know so." Poe sounded so sure that Mila couldn't help but grin. His steadiness baffled her. "You wait and see, doc," he went on, smiling encouragingly. "One day we'll be able to look back on this and say, 'Damn. We made it.'" Mila's face softened longingly. "I just wish that day were now." Poe sighed. "So do I." His eyes dropped from the screen as silence momentarily grasped him. Mila's brow furrowed. "Deso's got something in the works with the higher-ups," Poe said solemnly. "I don't know what it is or where we'll be, but I thought I'd give you a heads up." "You know when you leave? Or how long you'll be gone?" Poe shook his head. "I'll let you know as soon as I can. Not sure how much I'll be able to tell you. So far everything's classified." Mila frowned. Such heavy guard over a mission wasn't something that came along frequently, and when it did, it meant that failure could have serious ramifications. Her heart dropped as her mind reeled with worried possibilities. They couldn't be passing into First Order territory; Command would be violating the Concordance to do so. Or, at least, to do so publically . "You don't think it's anything too serious, do you?" she asked, trying to force a neutral tone and failing. Poe shrugged. "We'll find out," he said. The look in his eyes said he would have reached out and grabbed her hand had he been there to do it. "But I don't want you to worry about it, alright? Not gonna do you any good. When I know something, I'll tell you. But until then, don't let yourself get worked up over it. It'll make you miserable." Something in his tone told Mila the commander was speaking from experience. Slowly she nodded, letting her eyes trace over the holograph of his face. She found herself wishing – not for the first time – that she could reach out and touch it. Run her fingers along his jaw and through his hair, search his eyes and smile as he bent and kissed her forehead. Softly she sighed, dropping her gaze. Poe's brow furrowed. "What?" "Nothing," Mila murmured. "I just…." She blew out a little breath, the starts of a smile tugging at her mouth. "Maybe they'll station you guys out here. Maybe things won't have to be like this for much longer." She laughed wistfully. "Wishful thinking, I know. But man it would be nice." "Yeah," Poe nodded, his eyes searching hers from miles away. "It would be." He turned his head to look out his window as a smile crept across his face. "I can see you," he said. "Little white dot on the horizon, hiding behind the streetlights." "It's too damn far," Mila moaned. "And for too damn long," Poe nodded. "That's the truth. But we're—" he squinted off to the side of the screen, quickly reading something "—thirty-five months, two days, and seven and a half hours closer than we were yesterday. Not that I'm counting or anything." A grin burst across Mila's face as she laughed. Despite the cold around her, a new warmth spread through her entire body, one that she only remembered feeling a number of times. Once when she first met him, once on that overlook all those nights ago, once right after he had made her his. And once right now, as all of those feelings rose up in tandem and threatened to make her heart explode. One day she might find the words to describe it – she guessed the explanation would be bafflingly simple once she found it – but for now, the flutter in her chest could remain anonymous. Besides, Poe'd always been better with words. He'd probably say it first. "But really," Poe went on. "It may be going slow, but at least it's going." Mila nodded, smiling. "Hang in there, sweetheart. I know it's tough. Trust me. It is for me too." He eyed her longingly. "But I know it'll be worth the wait. Don't ask me how I know; I just do. It just… makes sense somehow. You make sense. I've never been able to say that about anyone else. I don't really know how to describe it. It's…." His voice trailed off, his eyes lowering and his brow furrowing as he groped for the right words. For a second he seemed as though he'd found them, but they died on his tongue the second he tried to speak them. "Poe?" she asked. Poe smiled, briefly shaking his head. "Lost my train of thought." A hint of defeat rested in his deep brown irises, the kind that said he'd held something back and now regretted it. "It's late. They'll want you early in the morning, doc. You should probably get some rest." Mila nodded, yawning. "You take care of yourself, alright?" Mila's face softened. "I will." Poe smiled. "That's my girl. Talk to you later." "Bye," Mila whispered, and his picture flickered from sight. Now, she wondered, what in the worlds had he tried to tell her? Waiting outside Republic Command was never exactly fun, but for whatever reason, Kit was downright terrified. As he stood in front of the doors, it suddenly hit him that the last time he had been there, Rapier Squadron – a much bigger Rapier Squadron – had received an emergency distress signal from Dantooine and had to cut the meeting short because of it. Only a few hours later, he had nearly lost his life. Hopefully this next trip – wherever it wound up taking them – wouldn't end so horribly. Durasteel doors hissed open in front of him, and he took a big breath. Karé rubbed his back as she came past. "'Bout time we found out what all the fuss is about, huh baby face?" she said with a reassuring smile. Kit grinned and followed, feeling a little more at ease. Slowly he came into the conference room and stood at the end of a long, narrow table. Major Deso smiled the second he saw him. "Damn good to have you back, Rapier Five," the major said, clapping him on the shoulder and shaking his hand. "You definitely gave us a good scare." Kit grinned. "Good to be back, sir." "Go ahead and sit, Lieutenant. We've got a lot to talk about." Hesitantly Kit pulled up a chair and sat down. Deso came around to the head of the table, leaning on the heels of his hands and eyeing the Rapiers to make sure he had their absolute attention. Nodding a little bit, he started to speak again. "Now I know you all have probably been wondering why General Antilles hasn't spit you all out into the Unknown Regions at this point. Had me scratching my head, too, but something told me he was holding you all for something important. I was right." He tapped a control on the table, and a holographic map of the galaxy sprang to life in the middle of the table. Kit leaned forward a little to get a better look. "We've got troops stationed on every one of star systems bordering the Unknown Regions that's got a base on it. You all know we're watching it closely. Between Bespin and Old Echo Base, we've got more than enough on the border to defend if anything should try to come through." Poe and Deso briefly exchanged glances. Deso went on. "But Command still wants to get closer, to spread out. They want more eyes on the skies, and to do that, we had to venture outside our comfort zone a little." His steely eyes drifted around the room. Kit sat up a little straighter. "In the days after the Dantooine attacks," Deso explained, "the Senate sent a team of envoys to Rattatak, an independent world between New Republic space and the Unknown Regions, to negotiate terms for a sort of occupation. Now you know the Rattataki aren't terribly fond of outsiders. They're extremely mistrusting. Most of the tribes we tried to speak with either flatly turned us down or tried to kill us. It's been that way for thousands of years; they don't usually help anyone outside of their own kind, and even then they're still picky. But we were able to reach an agreement with one of the smaller tribes. They'll let us build a base on their land if we help them keep that land safe." Stunned silence gripped the room. Kit felt his jaw drop a little bit. "So, in other words," Deso finished, "you all will be some of the first outsiders to come into serious contact with the Rattataki for the first time in several thousand years. You're making galactic history." Kit's voice was still breathy from shock. "How the hell'd they pull that one off?" "The same way you fit a warhead to a proton torpedo," Deso replied wryly. He chuckled. "Very, very carefully." Kit's eyes bugged as he nodded. "No kidding." "So what will we be doing while we're out there?" Karé asked. "Humanitarian work, mostly," Deso replied. "Supply drops, patrols. That and new lieutenant training. You've got a green* mixed squadron that's going with you, all freshly graduated. Any fighting you do – if you do any at all – will be over quick. More like glorified target practice than anything. Even the best Rattataki raiding party is incredibly primitive by our standards. They've only recently started carrying blasters. They'd be no match for a good X-wing pilot let alone a whole squad of them." Karé nodded, relief shining in her eyes. "I told you I was gonna give you something light after Dantooine, Lieutenant Kun," Deso reassured. "I don't go back on my word." "Then why all the secrecy?" Poe put it. "Seems a little tight-lipped for just humanitarian aid." Deso's face darkened. "There are some in the Senate who think that if word of this new base were to get into unwanted hands, bad things could happen. Things similar to those on Dantooine." He frowned. "We're not about to risk reliving that cluster bomb again. So when you leave, you're to tell no one where you're going. Don't even say the sector. Hell, it may be smart to just keep your mouths shut all together. We get any wrong eyes on us and it could end very badly." The Rapiers all exchanged nervous glances. Deso's voice dropped to almost a whisper. "This base will be the closest to First Order territory that we have ever stationed any of our own men long-term. If they find out we're watching them this closely…." His voice trailed off, and he frowned deeply. "You all know too well what happens next." Kit's heart thumped hard in his chest. Poe's face hardened. Karé and Iolo exchanged glances. Muran scowled. "You and the others are pulling out tomorrow morning at 0600," Deso said. "You won't get back for another three years. I wish I could've given you more of a heads-up, but it is what it is." Poe's eyes dampened with defeat. That adds another month, he thought sullenly. How the hell do I tell her? "250th Pathfinders are going with you," Deso went on. "As well as a brand new med unit. You'll be getting more arrivals once the base is built, mostly greens. You're gonna help them get into the swing of things." The Rapiers solemnly nodded. Deso took a step back and clicked off the map. "That's all I've got for you," he said. A proud smile found its way to the corners of his lips. "It's good to have you back, Rapier Squadron. Good luck, and may the Force be with you." *Military terms/abbreviations Green - unexperienced. A green soldier has very little to no field/combat experience. Chapter 21 : Rattatak Chapter 21: Rattatak The inside of a cruiser – the smell of polished durasteel, the constant activity, the persistent chill – had always been one of Kit's favorite places. From the inside of his darkened quarters, he liked to sit on the edge of his cot and watch the hypnotizing swirl of hyperspace zip past him. The young pilot smiled. If there was one thing he adored about his job, it was the travel. He was almost twenty, and he'd already seen more places that most people three times his age could only ever dream about. Now, he mused, he got to go somewhere where Republic citizens, old and new alike, had never been to. He got to dump Rattataki sand out of his flight boots every night. He got to make history. He just wished he didn't have to leave her behind to do it. "You still there?" Aly's voice came through his comm. Kit grinned. "Course I am. Best thing I can do right now." Aly's laugh bounced through the comm and across the room. Kit's face softened wistfully. If only he could see the sweet smile that went with that laugh – he knew exactly the one – in person. "How long is it gonna take you to get there?" Aly asked. "A while. It's on the other side of the Core, Aly." "Yikes. That's a haul." Kit shrugged. "Little bit, yeah." A small smile found its way to his face. "Gives me more time to talk, though. We made the jump five minutes ago and I miss the hell out of you already." Aly sighed. "I miss you too, baby." She sighed shakily. "Look, I know you'll probably be fine and that this is nothing to worry about and that I'm probably getting ahead of myself, but you got so close last time, and—" "Aly," Kit chuckled sympathetically. A soft smile stretched across his face. "Breathe. It's gonna be okay." Aly sighed loudly. "Just… come back to me, alright?" "I will," Kit replied, watching the swirl of the hyperspace tunnel jet past his window with a peacefully resolute gleam in his eye. "I promise." Indigo morning light trickled in through her small window as Mila dragged herself from the warmth of her bed and put her feet on the ground. A chill shot up her spine as she reached for her datapad. Shivering fingers looked to turn on the screen. Squinting from the brightness of light as it tried to fill the small room, Mila read her orders for the day. Of which, when she saw them, made her shoulders sag in dread. SpecForces Med and Evac – Physical Evaluation and Training. Mila sighed. "Looks like you're up, Lieutenant." She knew she had new recruits to break in. From day one, Sundar had told her that the majority of this deployment would be spent training soldiers. The first month had been spent on orientation: reviewing basic tactics and formation maneuvers. The next several months would involve the backbreaking, vomit-inducing physical training that the unit was famous for. "Pathfinders are fast," she'd heard said and had said herself a thousand times before. "We have to be faster." The following days determined who out of the greens was fit for the job and who would break under the pressure. The right people – the strongest, the fastest, the toughest – made the cut. Those that failed would return to Hosnian Prime and join back up with their old units. Some would even take on civilian jobs. Only a select few had been crazy enough to try to get in a second time. A third time was absolutely unheard of. But that was exactly what Mila had done, and her superior officers had never let her forget it. There was no doubt in her mind that Sundar was proud to have her in his ranks. Krell – since day one of her first round of training – let her know the exact opposite. Mila sighed. She's got more important things to do than make your life miserable, Lieutenant, she told herself. Maybe today she'll back off. Frowning, she reached for her combat boots and laced them up. She pulled her coat over her shoulders, smoothing down the wampa fur lining on the hood and straightening the officer's pin on her collar. She stood up straighter. Her jaw hardened determinedly. Krell had probably told them otherwise, but Mila would prove to her recruits that being a part of her platoon was nothing to sniff at. That she , despite being the smallest and, according to Krell, the weakest officer in battalion, was nothing to sniff at, either. Besides , she thought. I worked too damn hard for them to think anything else . Taking a deep breath to steady her growing nerves, Mila started towards the door—only to have her comm start beeping in her pocket. She frowned and monotonously answered. "Lieutenant Criss." "Hey, doc," a familiar voice softly greeted from the other side. "Hey!" Mila enthusiastically replied, a smile bursting across her worried face. "Your timing's impeccable." Poe chuckled. "Why? You just get off or something?" "No. I just…." Her voice trailed off. "It's gonna be a long day." Poe hummed empathetically. "Lot of that going around." Even through the comm, he sounded tired and worried. Mila's brow furrowed. "You going to get your orders today?" she asked. "Already got them, sweetheart. As a matter of fact… I'm on a cruiser right now. This whole thing was really short notice. You know how it can be." Mila nodded. "Where you headed?" "Classified. Can't tell you. If I could have, Mil, I would have by now. Command doesn't want word getting out just yet." He grew silent in a way that weighted whatever he might say next. Mila swallowed. "They told us at the briefing that if anyone… not friendly … got wind of this, of what's about to happen, it would end really, really badly." His voice dropped. "They don't want another Dantooine." Mila felt her back go rigid. "Yeah," she said dismally, the fear and the horror of the aftermath of the attacks suddenly rushing back to her. "We don't." She paused. "How long will you be gone?" Poe sighed. "Three years from today." The news socked Mila in the gut. She blinked. What? "That adds another month," she whispered dejectedly, her shoulders sagging. "We just backtracked…." "I know, sweetheart," Poe replied, sounding every bit as frustrated as she did. "I know. " "What about comms? That getting affected at all?" "I get one off-world a month. I can't send out any holographic communications at all. Command's afraid someone could see the background and figure out where we are." Mila squeezed her eyes shut, pinching her nose between her thumb and her index finger. Why? she thought. Of all people, why the hell does this have to happen to us? "But there is one thing I can tell you, Mil," Poe went on, his voice gentling. Mila could just see the reassuring gleam in his eye as he spoke: "Don't worry about me. Whatever you do. And more importantly, don't worry about us, alright?" The familiar sureness in his voice made Mila smile despite herself. "Yeah, it's a setback, and yeah it's pretty damn tough, but I still haven't lost faith in you. I don't think I ever will. I know you're fighting for this just as hard as I am. You don't give up easily. I love that about you." Mila's grin widened. "Where are you now?" Poe asked, his voice still soft. Something in his tone told her that he had something up his sleeve. "You close to a window?" "Yeah," Mila replied, her brow furrowing a little. "Why?" "We just came out of hyperspace." The way he paused let Mila picture the grin that had just shot across his face. "We're just outside of Hoth's orbit. I can see Old Echo from space." Mila's breath shortened. "Really?" "Yeah. If you're looking out a window, you might be able to see us passing over." Her heart pounding, Mila ran over to her window and peered out. Hazel eyes scanned through the waning morning stars, stopping on a little white dot that steadily cut between the glowing lines of borealis skyfire. "I see you," she said breathlessly, a smile forming on her lips even as a lump formed in the back of her throat. Her tired voice rose excitedly. "Poe, I see you!" Poe sounded just as ecstatic as she did. "You do?" "Yeah!" She could have laughed and cried all at once. A soft, wistful moan moved through her lips as her fingers longingly pressed up against the transparisteel. "You're so close ," she murmured. "You sure you can't just pop down here long enough to say hello?" Poe chuckled. "I wish," he replied. "Though they're smart keeping me up here like this." His voice dropped mellifluously. "If I came down long enough to hold you, I might not come back up again." Mila softly chortled, her heart swelling. "If only…." As her eyes tracked the cruiser across the sky, her lips parted into a soft smile. Though the distance between them still stung, it had made her feelings for him that much stronger. She wished she were brave enough to put a name to them. "I miss you so much, Poe," she murmured. "I miss you too, sweetheart. Like hell." He started to say something more, but the brief beep of an alarm cut him short. "That's my cue," Poe said. The excited lilt in his voice had faded. He sighed. "Take care of yourself, sweetheart." Mila smiled. "I will." She could hear him shuffling into his life support vest from the other side of the comm. BB-8 warbled in the background. Wherever he was going, whatever his mission was, she knew the time was now. "Hey," she said. He paused. Mila's eyes softened. "May the Force be with you, Poe," she whispered. The cruiser faded from sight. "Wherever you are." The walk down the hallway to the hangar had never seemed so long. His helmet tucked under his arm and his squad at his back, Poe tried to make sense of what he was about to face. Truth was, no one knew for certain what they were going to find once they got down there. All he knew was that, whether or not he would admit it to himself, he was terrified. After Poe had set himself up in the cockpit, BB-8 warbled at him unsurely. The little droid pivoted behind him in the astromech socket, giving Poe a look that called the pilot's sanity into question. Poe chuckled uneasily. "I don't write the orders, buddy," he said with a wry grin as he flicked a few controls. "I'm just told to execute them." BB-8 responded with an indignant series of beeps. Poe had to laugh. "I'm not gonna let them turn you to scrap, buddy. I promise." "Can you say that for the rest of us?" Karé's voice cut through the comms as the Rapier's engines shrieked to life around them. "Sure would be comforting." Poe shook his head, a grin briefly flashing across his face. "We're gonna be fine, Karé. I don't think they'd be sending us out here unless they knew we could do this." "I hope you're right, sir," Kit piped up. "Last time Command said we'd be okay—" "I know," Poe cut him off. "But this isn't last time. We're not—" he stopped, considering his next words with a sigh."—we're not fighting for our lives against a rogue band of cloaked TIE fighters, Five. This isn't a fight. It's the last step in a negotiation. No First Order in sight." His fighter lifted off from the durasteel floor, gliding towards the open hangar doors. "All wings, report in." "Rapier Two, standing by." "Rapier Three, standing by." "Rapier Four, standing by." "Rapier Five, standing by." Looking over his shoulder, Poe spotted a troop transport emerging from the hangar behind him. Almost immediately the X-wings all fell into formation around it. Rattatak – which glowed a sun-like orange-gold – suddenly rose up in front of him as the weightlessness of space cradled his fighter. His heart thumped hard in his chest. His gloved hand wrapped tighter around the stick. Fixing his eyes on the planet in front of him, the commander took a deep, steadying breath. Force only knew what they'd find down there. He just hoped they were prepared to face it. Wispy clouds broke like thin plumes of white smoke as the Rapiers cut through Rattatak's arid atmosphere and into a bright, mid-afternoon sky. Craggy, red-rocked mesas dotted the seemingly endless sea of sand that sprawled out below them. Mirage warped the air, blurring the horizon as they cut across the desert towards their target: the base of a long mountain range that wound across the sand like a spine-backed snake. Squinting into the bright desert sun, Poe spotted the black, gaping mouth of a cave. Tents littered the ground in front of it, among a few more permanent structures hewn from the over-abundant red rock. BB-8 warbled a question as they neared it. "Yep, that's it," Poe affirmed. "All teams decelerate and prepare to land." His fighter slowed to a near stop under his touch, hovering in a straight line towards the ground and kicking sand up and over the cockpit. BB-8, who didn't appreciate the extra grit zipping through his circuits, whined in dismay. Despite the dread that steadily mounted within him, Poe allowed himself a small chuckle. "Hold on, buddy. It'll settle once we touch down." Landing gear ground into the sand; hydraulics hissed as the X-wing relaxed into the sand. Poe worked his hands out of his flight gauntlets and set them by the stick before reaching up and taking off his helmet. Shaking his tousled hair free, he released the seat restraints and pulled his life support vest over the top of his head, setting it in the floor by his feet. By now the miniature sand storm he and the squad had created had been chased off by the wind, and he could actually see his surroundings. Most of the tents were close to the ground and made of a thick, canvas-like material. Nothing but the wind moved between them. The cave's mouth – which looked to be almost one hundred meters tall – loomed in the distance, a black hole surrounded by mounds of jagged red. The troop transport's gangplank slammed into the sand behind them. BB-8 warbled impatiently. "Yeah, buddy," Poe acknowledged, thumbing for the astromech release. "Right behind you." Poe grunted as he popped open the canopy and stiffly stood, swaying under the sudden severe impact of the heat. Squinting, he swung his legs out of the side of the cockpit and dropped to the ground. BB-8 rolled to his side, trilling in sassed complaint. "Don't talk to me about hot, buddy," Poe shot back. "Flight suit's thick." He went around to the back of his fighter to blow the sand out of his quad engines. "One thing's for sure, little guy," he went on, tugging at the his collar, "the next time we wind up on a desert planet, I won't be in this thing." "Geez," Karé exclaimed with a loud sigh, wiping the sweat that had already formed on her brow with her sleeve. Her dark eyes peered into the distance. "When they said it was hot, sir, they weren't kidding." Poe smirked. "Take back what you said about frying on a desert world, Two?" Karé suppressed a smile glared at him. "Shut up." "Commander Dameron!" someone called. Poe looked over his shoulder and smiled. "Colonel," he greeted as Jaren jogged up beside him. "Was glad to hear you were joining us for this bantha chase. How are you?" Jaren chuckled dryly. "Hot." "Makes two of us." "Three," Karé cut in. "Four," Kit added, walking up. "Anybody have any clue what we're we getting ourselves into?" Jaren shook his head. "Only thing Command told me was they don't speak Basic and they're scary as hell." A wry grin cracked across the soldier's face. "So no, Lieutenant. Nothing new to report." His brow furrowed as he eyed the young pilot. "Anderon, right?" Kit nodded. "Jaren Criss," the Pathfinder smiled, shaking Kit's hand. "Heard a lot about you on our last field trip. Good to finally meet you." "Good to be back," Kit replied. He eyed Karé with a mischievous grin. "Hey," he whispered to her. "It's the Big Sandy Ball of Suck." Karé laughed. "Going down that road again, are we baby face?" Kit gave her a look. "The Sandbox of Doom." "Ooh! That's a good one!" The two pilots carried on. Poe opened his mouth to contribute, but his eye caught three tall, shadowed figures moving across the sand towards them. His brow furrowing, he took a cautious step forward as the silhouettes took more solid forms. All three were bald and clad in flowing black that stopped right at the knee and end of the shoulder. Black leather sandals laced up their legs. Jet tattoos gyrated across their ashen white faces and heads, making their striking grey eyes even more penetrating. Facial piercings glinted in the sunlight. The leader made eye contact with him, and Poe was suddenly unsure of which glare was more severe: that of the sun or that from the frontrunner's glowering scowl. "Guys," he whispered, gaping slightly. Neither Kit nor Karé heard him. "Karé," he tried again, his voice hardening authoritatively. "Kit." "What?" Karé, who was still laughing to herself, asked as she turned around. "You think of—" The words died on her tongue as soon as she saw who was nearing them. Her dark eyes widened. "Oh." "Pathfinders!" Jaren barked behind them. "Fall in!" Boots shuffled through the sand behind them, but Poe barely noticed. Caught somewhere between fascination and horror, he watched the Rattataki tribesmen come closer. Poe cleared his throat and squared his broad shoulders, drawing himself up to his full height. It wasn't much to begin with anyway, but next to the approaching Rattataki, he felt like an ant. He probably looked like one. The one in the front – whom Poe noticed had more delicate features and a more slender build than the other two – still fixed him with that hostile stare as they neared. He – no, she , the pilot corrected himself – carried herself with a regal air that her companions lacked. Though she was the smallest of the three, her presence made her seem far larger. She eyed the newcomers with a sharp, disapproving stare that intensified as she approached. Whoever she was, Poe thought, she must have been important. "Go find that protocol droid, Skid," Jaren hastily directed to one of his men. "We need him. Now." Skid turned wordlessly back towards the transport. "You are small," the Rattataki said suddenly. A thick desert accent laced her voice. "You are weak. And now you are late ." Her striking eyes flashed like lightning. "Pray that the laudan shows you mercy." Jaren gaped. "You speak Basic." The Rattataki eyed him coolly. "How observant," she quipped. The glare she shot the Pathfinder left him feeling like he'd shrunk several inches. The guards behind her folded their arms intimidatingly across their broad chests, drawing their shoulders up to their full, towering height. As intimidated as he now was, Poe stood his ground, fixing the Rattataki with a calm, resolute stare of his own. It was then he noticed the long purple scar that ran across her eye and down past her jaw. He wondered what had given it to her. "Come," the she said curtly. "He is waiting." She started back towards the village, the harsh sunlight bouncing on the long knives that hung from her belt. Without a word Poe went after her. It took him a few steps to realize that he wasn't being followed. "Now or never," he said simply, without turning around. "Come on." Exchanging nervous glances, Karé and Iolo stepped forward. Jaren and a handful of his best men followed. A troubled frown deepening his face, Muran joined them. "I don't like this," he grunted bluntly. "And yet, it's gotta happen," Poe replied. "As long as we stick together and don't make them mad, we'll be fine." He looked over his shoulder. "Kit?" Kit didn't respond. The young pilot stared over their heads towards the roof of the cave opening, wide-eyed and gaping. "Yes sir," the lieutenant nodded breathlessly, coming up alongside Muran. He nodded towards the cave ceiling. "Emphasis on the 'don't make them mad' part." Poe turned and looked where Rapier Five's eyes pointed, and instantly his stomach lurched. Something was hanging from the ceiling. Something that strongly resembled a dead body. Squeezing his eyes shut, Poe blew out a long breath to steady himself. "Stay with me," he ordered, his tone low and firm. The commander started forwards again as if nothing was out of the ordinary, the others in tow. Kit sighed. That was why Poe was squadron leader, because even if something did shake him, he never let it show. He had a perpetual knack for concealing it. Kit most certainly didn't. He and Muran exchanged glances. "If I die," he said, "tell Aly I love her." Muran nodded, wordlessly gripping Kit's shoulder and leading him towards the rest of the squad. The deeper into the village the Rattataki brought them, the more uneasy Poe became. The next tribesman was always bigger and angrier than the last one. Behind every dark corner, from inside every tent burned a glowering, white-grey stare. Every villager – whether they worked on repairing their damaged tents or sharpened their long, cruel-looking knives – warily stopped to watch the newfangled group as they passed. A few even reached for weapons, but upon seeing whose protection the outsiders were under thought better of their actions. Had they not been escorted, Poe was certain he and the others would all be dead by now. Soon they came to the cave itself. The Rattataki turned to face them all before they went in. "Stay close," she said, both as a warning and an order. She raised a long, ghost-white index finger to the ceiling and glanced upwards as she moved across the threshold. "Or you end up like them." Poe's eyes followed where she had indicated, and he immediately wished they hadn't. Several more bodies hung with the one they'd seen before. He coughed as a bit of bile slid up his throat . "Caraya's soul," he murmured, jaw slack and eyes wide. "What did they do?" "Trespassers," the Rattataki answered without turning around. "Part of a raiding party from another tribe." A slow, menacing smile crept across her face. Her eyes shone proudly as she looked up. "They tried to steal food and water, so those I could get to I reminded of their place." Her expression flattened. "Leave my sight and someone else will remind you of yours." "Yep," Kit sighed palely. "This is how we die." Karé sharply elbowed him in the gut. " Shh ." "Stay close," the Rattataki went on, turning down a tunnel. "As long as you are under Yiema's wing, no harm will come to you." Light trickled in from slits in the red-rock ceiling, illuminating the scars that twisted across the back of Yiema's neck and arms. Just by looking at her – by looking at any of the tribesmen – Poe could tell they'd all been in their fare share of fights. Part of him wondered how much they'd lost. Between the damage outside and the wounded they passed in the tunnel, he deduced it was quite a bit and recently. They came to a fork, and Yiema suddenly stopped. Craning her neck, she shouted down the passage in her native tongue, its rough cacophony a ricocheting blaster bolt between the red rock walls. A smaller Rattataki woman came around the corner, nodding respectfully to Yiema before the two carried on a brief conversation. With a wary glare pinned at the foreigners, the smaller woman backed up and disappeared. "He is here," Yiema said simply, turning on her heel and marching back down the shaft. "Come." Jaren and Poe exchanged glances before starting after her. The rest of the team came right behind them. A few moments of near complete darkness led them to a curtain of beads and black leather strips that acted somewhat as a door. Yiema tucked a long-fingered hand behind the barricade and pulled it back slightly. "None of us are slow to anger," she warned gravely. "Least of all the laudan . Mind your tongue, lest he rip it from your mouth." She threw back the drape and stepped into the room, beckoning the outsiders forward. Steeling himself, Poe looked over his shoulder and reassuringly nodded at his companions before moving into the room himself. Instantly the hair on the back of his neck stood up. A massive, sitting silhouette hid in the shroud of the shadows. The pair of eyes that belonged to it glowered even more fiercely than Yiema's. The laudan spoke, his deep, raspy voice reverberating through the room like a low rumble of thunder. Yiema translated: "Are you their leader?" Poe nodded stalwartly. "One of them." The laudan nodded before speaking again. "He has asked for your name," Yiema informed. "Commander Poe Dameron." The laudan responded. "And how many have you brought with you?" Yiema relayed. Poe turned. "Jaren?" "The ten at my back and the other forty waiting outside the cave," the Pathfinder responded, "plus another four-hundred and fifty still in orbit and Force knows how many more on the way. Mostly infantry, some medical." He nodded at Poe. "But we're never the ones turning the tide. That's all them." Yiema translated, and the laudan sat forward, another question forming on his lips. "And just how many is… them?" Yiema asked on his behalf. Poe looked over his shoulder at the rest of Rapier, a proud gleam in his eye. "Five, including me." He allowed himself a brief smile. "The five best the New Republic's got. We wouldn't be here if that weren't the case." Yiema's eyes raked the group suspiciously, raising a hairless eyebrow at them. "Such an insignificant could not possibly turn a battle, Commander, much less win one." "One of us can take out twenty times more men in one blow than a ground soldier," Poe replied, resolute. "Give it time, and you'll see why." Yiema only laughed in response – a deep, sinister cackle that sent a chill down Poe's spine. Nevertheless, he calmly stood his ground as she turned to the laudan and passed on what she had just heard. The laudan scoffed angrily. "We don't have time , Commander," Yiema spat. "My people, my husband —" she nodded towards the laudan "—are dying . We wait any longer and we risk extinction ." Her eyes narrowed to slits. "I do not expect that someone like you could possibly understand that." Poe's heart sank to his toes. Oh, how he did. Just as well as, if not better, than Yiema did. He thought of refuting – biting back about the brothers and sisters he'd lost to the First Order because of bided time – but he thought better of it. A deep frown wrought into his face, he nodded and relented, trying to rid the situation of the tension that had begun to strangle it. Better to get on with the negotiation before— "He does, actually," Kit said meekly. Poe's eyes squeezed shut. Damn it, Five. Though tremulous, Kit took a small step forward, his soft brown eyes meeting Yiema's sharp grey ones. Her severe expression gentled slightly as she watched him. "We all do," Kit continued, becoming braver. "Think about why we're here, uh… ma'am… in the first place. We've got the same problem as you. We've had somebody coming into our territory, just like you. Wiping out our friends, our family, like your enemies do to you. All we want – all we've come to ask for and, I thought, had already gotten, or else the Senate wouldn't have sent us out here in the first place – is help protecting what's behind us. And, in return, we'd help you protect what's behind you. Promise." With a softer tone, Yiema relayed what Kit had said to her to the laudan . The Rattataki tribe leader stood, heavily gripping the pillar of rock beside him as he limped forward. It was then Kit noticed the gaping gash on the laudan 's thigh. The flimsy, soaked-through bandage they had wrapped on it had slipped out of place and the wound had begun to bleed, but the laudan still moved forward. It wasn't until the Rattataki neared his wife and came into the sunlight that Kit realized how young they both were. And, despite their best efforts to hide it, how terrified they looked. "We will help you," Kit went on, determined. "But we can't do that unless you guys decide to trust us." Yiema translated, and the laudan stiffened. He spoke again, and though his tone was more agreeable, he was no less tense than he had been before. Yiema – who he was now leaning on for support – turned back to the young lieutenant. "Then he says you must be able to prove yourselves worthy." Poe's brow furrowed. "My superiors told me we already had," he said. "You agreed to this conversation, didn't you?" "Conversation and alliance are not one in the same. They gave us a reason to hear you out, not a reason to trust you. That is something you must garner yourselves." "How?" "You say you have brought the best your people have to offer," Yiema replied. "Yet Xoreg and I feel any of our best could rip yours apart. Your strongest warrior will duel our strongest warrior in a fight to first blood. If you are somehow victorious, then we have an accord." Poe nodded. "And if we lose?" Yiema smiled darkly. "Trust me, small one. You do not want to lose." Chapter 22 : Underdogs Chapter 22: Underdogs Though she didn't like to admit it, just being in a room with Krell had always made Mila tense. The major – who was handing out training assignments from Sundar – slowly worked her way down the line, conversing with each of the officers as she went. One by one they disappeared, and Krell watched them go proudly. She even smiled – a rare sight, and a strange one. Mila allowed herself a small glimmer of hope. But the second Krell stepped in front of her – looked down her sharp nose contemptuously at her – that hope instantly died. Though Krell was an even match in height and build for the rest of the officers, she towered over Mila. Steeling herself, Mila raised her chin to meet her condescending gaze. "Major," she greeted simply. Krell sighed. "Lieutenant Criss," she clipped, her nose wrinkling as if the name tasted bad on her tongue. "Officer detail. Ten recruits. Their information has been sent to you datapad. Report to Bay 7 immediately." Mila nodded. "Yes, ma'am." She turned to leave, the only sound to be heard the tapping of her boots on the hard, frozen floor. Krell's eyes never left her, but the string of insults that usually accompanied that sharp gaze didn't come. Slowly, Mila started to smile. Maybe today really will be different , she thought. Maybe— "These are the best Sundar has, Criss. Giving them to you of all people is an insult not only to them, but to the entire battalion." Mila gritted her teeth, frowning. This – since the day she'd met Krell – had been their routine. Mila had never figured out why. "They should really go to someone more competent – and believe me, I've informed them of that – but unfortunately Sundar can't recognize uselessness when he sees it. After you lost those men on Dantooine, I thought he'd open his eyes, but – unfortunately – nobody's perfect." Anger spurred in Mila's chest. Suddenly she was sitting on the floor of that Mon Calamari med cruiser with a wounded Kit in her arms, her heart falling to her toes when she was informed that they'd just lost the other med cruiser… and that some of her own troops had been on it. Their deaths weren't due to her own ineptitude; she didn't blame herself for them because of that. The First Order had taken them from her. She desperately wanted to wheel around and set the record straight, but Krell would never believe her. Nor did she want to give her the satisfaction. So she did exactly what she knew the major didn't want: She kept walking. Krell, insistent on having the last word, shouted after her: "He's made a mistake in you—" The doors whooshed shut behind her, cutting off Krell's most treasured – and most stinging – insult. One that Mila knew by heart: He's made a mistake in you, Criss! One day, you'll both see that! Mila's face hardened into a deep frown. She didn't believe those words… did she? She looked up. There was no time to mull over that question. Her recruits had beaten her there. Squaring her shoulders and taking a deep breath, she briskly made her way across the large, high-ceilinged room and sharply called them to attention. Though all ten of them quickly snapped into formation, it didn't hide the fact that they all looked a bit confused. Disparaging, even. Steeling herself, she drew herself up to her full height – which was over a head shorter than nearly all of the men and women in front of her – and cleared her throat. Here goes nothing . "Gentlemen," she projected authoritatively. "Ladies. I'm Lieutenant Mila Criss. I've been assigned to your unit. You are here because you want to fight with some of the very best the New Republic has to offer. I'm here to make sure you fit that bill." "You?" someone scoffed. Raising an eyebrow, Mila scanned the line for the speaker. He looked to be about two meters tall, with a square jaw and a broad, muscular build. As far as the unit's physical standards went, he was just about perfect. A tiny part of Mila felt like an ant glaring up at him. Most of her could have cared less. "There a problem, Sergeant?" she frowned flatly. "No," was the grunted reply. The scorn in his eye strongly suggested otherwise, though Mila chose to ignore it. "Over the next several months," she continued, "all of you will be tested. Forget what you think your limits are. You'll be pushed far past the—" "I was just wondering… how the hell did you wind up here?" Mila whipped around. "You won't speak until you're given permission to," she snapped. "Nah…." The soldier shrugged. "Just… a girl like you doesn't look like she should be out here. I mean… any one of us could kick your whole ribcage in. I don't wanna hurt you, sweetheart. You've got too pretty a face." Mila's eyes flashed. Spinning on her heel, she slowly paced towards the jeering soldier, angry weight in every step she took. She knew where the situation was most likely headed. More often than she liked to admit, they often took that turn, and she always hated it when it did. "Uh-oh," somebody else chuckled. "You made her mad." Stopping in front of the soldier, Mila craned her neck to look up at him. "I'm not kidding," the soldier said, a mocking smile stretching across his face. "You try to fight any of us and you will get hurt. Who the hell was dumb enough to throw you out here in the first place?" "Your kriffing commanding officer," Mila retorted flatly. "That's who. Anyway, where was I—" The soldier's voice lowered. "C'mon, sweetheart," he purred. "You think you can come up in here and boss me around? I could snap you like a toothpick, but I'm a nice guy, so I won't." "Fine," Mila bit back, putting her hands on her hips and glaring up at him. "Then come take me down , soldier." The soldier looked taken aback. "What?" Mila grinned spitefully, shrugging. "Should be easy, shouldn't it? If you think I shouldn't be out here, then you damn well better be able to prove it." The soldier took a step forward. "Shame," he said, growing bolder. His voice dropped to a suggestive murmur. "When I imagined your back hitting the ground, baby, a fight's not exactly what I had in mind." Mila's fist wiped the sleazy smirk right off his face. She rammed her knee into his crotch, angrily frowning as he doubled over. Her elbow hammered between his shoulder blades. Smacking the floor face-first, he scrambled to his feet and tried to grab her— —only to be slammed to the ground over her shoulder. And one sharp kick to the ribs later, he laid in a panting, moaning heap at Mila's feet. Most of the men were gaping. The women grinned. Mila stood over his back, wrenching his arm behind him almost to the point of dislocation. He grimaced. "What do you think now, buddy?" she growled. "Still think I can't?" Weakly, he shook his head. She put more pressure on his arm, wincing as she heard the bone pop. "You gonna listen to me now, Sergeant?" "Yeah…." " Excuse me?" "Yes…." Mila bent over right next to his ear. "Yes what?" "Y-Yes, ma'am," the soldier whimpered. " I can't hear you, Sergeant!" "Yes, ma'am!" "Get up, soldier!" a voice furiously barked behind them. Sundar was not very prone to angry outbursts, but when they came, they were legendary. "Don't even think about helping him, Mila," he ordered, coming up alongside the lieutenant and putting a hand on her shoulder. Slowly, the grimacing soldier dragged himself to his feet. The scowl on Sundar's face could have scared a wampa back into its cave. "Get back in line and stand at attention," he commanded, his voice dangerously low. The soldier complied. "Lieutenant," Sundar started, the usual calmness back in his voice. "A word?" He nodded towards the wall and walked over, his hands clasped behind his back. Wordlessly, Mila followed. "I caught the last bit of that," he said solemnly, facing her. "Are you okay?" Mila smiled, refreshed by his concern. "With respect, I'm not the one you should be asking that, sir," she replied. Sundar chuckled briefly. He put a hand on her shoulder, his face darkening with fatherly worry. "Lieutenant, if you need me to stay and watch them, it's no troub—" "It's nothing I haven't handled before, Colonel," Mila reassured with a grin. "I'm fine. I promise. I just…." She sighed. " Really wish I didn't have to do that." "You shouldn't have to," Sundar agreed. "But you did exactly what you were supposed to, Lieutenant. Don't ever tolerate anything like that." Mila nodded. "I never do. But, if I could ask a favor, sir… put a triage droid on standby here. Just in case. I can't be a complete savage." Sundar laughed. "Will do." He clapped her on the shoulder. "Go finish the job, Lieutenant." Mila nodded. "Absolutely, sir." Squaring her shoulders, the lieutenant headed back to her recruits. The soldier from earlier – now sporting the starts of a black eye – watched her warily. "Now," she said. "Where were we?" Cutting back through the long labyrinth of hallways the second time was far more sickening than the first. It was eerily quiet. The tribesmen that lined the passages had disappeared, leaving Poe to wonder where they had gone. He couldn't shake the feeling of being watched, and he walked around anticipating a knife to sink between his shoulders at any second. Though he fought not to show it for the sake of those around him, he completely terrified. Not for his life or for the success of the mission, but for the life of the men and women next to him. Or, more accurately, the man in front of him. Whatever had possessed Jaren to volunteer was beyond him, but Poe admired the courage it had taken to do so. Flanked by two towering Rattataki guards, the Pathfinder silently followed Yiema and led the group back to the main corridor. His hands clenched and unclenched behind him as he walked; deep, steadying breaths punctuated his every second or third stride. He looked over his shoulder at Poe, who gave him a reassuring nod. Jaren's face hardened determinedly as he continued forward. Kit shook his head as he watched him. "He might actually be crazy," he thought aloud, his voice tight with worry. They rounded a corner, and another cave opening gaped in front of them, pouring sharp white sunlight into the shadows. Everyone squinted. Distant drumbeats suddenly shook the ground beneath them. Kit tensed. "Take a deep breath, Five," Poe bolstered. "She said first blood, not to the death. It could be much, much worse." "He loses," Muran grumbled, nodding towards Jaren. "We die. Boom. It's worse." "Happy thoughts, Muran. Happy thoughts." Muran frowned. "Fine. Dying at least gets us out of the heat—" " Definitely not what I meant!" They passed through the threshold, walking out into the open air. Once his eyes adjusted to the light, Poe found himself standing at the far side of a massive coliseum – a gladiator pit – hewn into the red rock around him, staring up at levels upon levels of seating crammed with Rattataki tribesmen that rose above him with wide eyes. Yiema stood in the middle, acknowledging her people with a chilling smile. The sound of the war drums and the screaming crowd was deafening. That explained the empty hallways, Poe thought. The entire tribe – which had to have been almost five thousand strong – had come to watch the fight. Craning his neck, Poe glanced around for Jaren. The Pathfinder stood with his hands on his hips, taking in the scene with the same surprise and fear that Poe had. Without a second thought, the commander made his way over to him, the rest of his squad following. "You sure you're ready for this?" Poe asked. "Yeah," Jaren replied, the high pitch in his tone strongly indicating otherwise. "I'm pretty big; I've fought pretty big. I think I got a chance." Yiema stepped aside, and the crowd suddenly roared as another, much taller Rattataki took her place. In the face, he strongly resembled her, but his features were harder. Fiercer. Thick, broad muscle rippled across his shoulders and back, which were crisscrossed with old and new battle scars. His light grey eyes glowering, he drew a long, curved scimitar from its sheath and flipped it around his hand, plunging the knife into the ground and bellowed a long, throaty battle cry that alone could have sent an entire army packing. All of Jaren's bravado – which normally was not easily lost – instantly fled. "On second thought," he said numbly, eyes wide and jaw slack. "Call med, and if I lose, run like hell." Karé and Kit both nodded, dazed. "Uh huh," they squeaked in unison. "My brother," Yiema called to the frazzled soldiers. "Tazeo. He comes in the laudan 's stead. He has never once lost a fight. He does not plan on starting today." Tazeo drew himself up to his full height – well over two meters – and smirked at them wickedly. "Listen, Commander," Jaren began, "if this goes badly—" "Don't," Poe cut him off, putting a stalwart hand on his shoulder. "You're gonna be fine, pal." "But… if it happens…" Jaren continued, his voice barely audible. He sighed. "Take care of her, Poe. For me. Please." Poe smiled and nodded. "Absolutely." He clapped Jaren's shoulder. "Go." Jaren blew out a breath he didn't realize he was holding, lifted his head, and took a step towards the middle of the arena. Someone roughly grabbed his arm and stopped him before he could get any further. Though he looked as perpetually aggravated as ever, Muran's eyes were wide. Jaren stiffened. "You lose," the Rapier said pointedly, his gruff voice stiff with fear. "We die . Don't. Blow it." Jaren gave him a look and walked on. "No pressure!" Kit called after him. In spite of himself, Jaren smirked. The kid had every inch of the wit Rapier had described, and even though it now spawned out of fear, he still found it temporarily easing the tightness in his muscles. The closer he got to Tazeo, the faster Jaren's heart pounded. Sweat beaded on his forehead – and not because of the suffocating Rattataki heat. His hands balled into nervous fists, the colonel stopped about a pace and a half away from his opponent, looking up at the towering mass of muscle like he were staring at the top of a large, unapproachable building. Tazeo's breath – heavy and throaty like the pants of an angry reek – labored in anticipation, almost as if the Rattataki gladiator already smelled blood. Jaren winced. If that fist hit his head, it… wouldn't feel good. If he were awake to feel it at all. Yiema moved between them, holding her arm out to restrain the two combatants. Tazeo grunted, staring his quarry down with a glare that could have burned a hole through a blast door. Steeling himself, Jaren quietly returned his gaze as he drew his tactical knife. His weight shifted to the balls of his feet. Maybe he didn't look like much to the Rattataki, but he was a Pathfinder, and a damn good one. A soldier – a high-ranking officer – in the one of the most elite ground units the New Republic military had. And he sure as hell was going to fight like it. Yiema stepped back and nodded. Tazeo charged. Suddenly finding himself on the defensive, the Pathfinder dove out of the way, stooping to avoid getting hit by the flurry of rapid fire blows aimed at his head. Tazeo laughed imposingly, interpreting Jaren's instant fallback for cowardice. He may not have had size on his side, but Jaren certainly had speed. If he could somehow outrun Tazeo, tire him out and them land one good hit— That's it . Without a second thought, Jaren shuffled backwards through the sand as fast as his feet would let him. Tazeo followed, swinging again and again, nearly clobbering him in the jaw several times, but the Pathfinder – to Tazeo's growing frustration – narrowly dodged every last blow. Finally Tazeo landed a kick to Jaren's abdomen, sending him to the ground. Jaren swore he heard something – felt something – snap. Doubling over, he rolled out of the way, holding his hand to his side. Blood stuck to the back of his throat, but he swallowed it. As long as it didn't come out of his mouth, he still had a chance. The New Republic still had a chance. He scrambled to his feet. Tazeo barreled towards him again, going for a hit to his chest, but Jaren managed to block it. Every bone in his arm nearly buckled under the impact. He rammed his knee into Tazeo's gut, and though the Rattataki stumbled, he quickly regained his footing. Snarling, he lunged at the dazed Pathfinder and knocked him to the ground. Before Jaren could even think about getting up, Tazeo was on top of him, pinning him down. Squirming and kicking, Jaren fought to free himself, but it wasn't enough. Tazeo's fist – a hammer that could have flattened durasteel – slammed into the ground so close to Jaren's ear he felt the wind from the blow itch in his buzzed brown hair. It came again, and again, each time missing him by millimeters. Eventually the Rattataki gave up on that plan. He tightened his grip on the struggling Pathfinder and reached for his scimitar. Jaren's eyes bugged. A lot of him began to wonder if Yiema had lied. Tazeo slowly raised his arm for the kill, sneering. Gloating , Jaren suddenly realized. Which left him a split second – a small, yet wide-open window – in which to act. Jaren took his chance. With all the strength he could muster, the Pathfinder rammed his forehead into Tazeo's nose, crying out as the impact rattled his insides. Tazeo's arms buckled. Jaren shoved him to the side, scuttling backwards like a frightened crab. His head throbbing, he fought to sit up, but the pain that coursed through his entire body only allowed him to raise his head. Tazeo's hunched back faced him, and he breathed heavily. Any second Jaren expected him to wheel around and tear him limb from limb. But he didn't. He only wiped at his nose, eyeing the stream of sticky, deep blue liquid that now streamed down his arm with surprise. He looked at his sister. " Blothan! " he suddenly cried. Jaren's sweating brow furrowed. What? As soon as Tazeo turned around, Jaren understood. The Rattataki's entire face was covered in his own, thick blue blood. The Pathfinder lay back, smiling and laughing in relief. He'd done it. Yiema stepped towards the middle of the ring, flanking her brother and raising a fist into the air. The crowd – which beforehand was in hysterics – instantly silenced. She drew her own scimitar, closed her hand around the blade, and yanked it back out again, unfazed by the blood that now poured through her fingers and down the length of her arm as she turned to address the outsiders: "For a thousand generations," she started, weighting every word as she made her way towards Poe and the others, "our people have upheld the sacred tradition of Blothan Wersoo , which in your tongue means 'Blood War.' Our ancestors have charged us with the duty of righting the wrongs of those who dare betray our trust—" she raised her bleeding fist in front of their faces as she spoke for emphasis, squeezing her fingers together "—by spilling their blood." Poe's heart thumped hard in his chest. Karé's stomach churned. Kit paled. "So," Yiema went on, stalking across the sand towards the unnerved Rapiers. "If you are thinking of betraying us, small ones, I will not hesitate to tear you limb from limb." Her voice dropped to a menacing whisper. "Nothing would give me greater pleasure." Poe raised his head to look at her. "Trust me," he replied, his voice as even and as steady as ever. "We're not planning on it." "Plans change, Commander," Yiema growled, stooping over Poe like a nexu over its prey. Her piercing eyes narrowed to slits. "Pray that yours don't ." She wheeled on her heel and shouted to Tazeo, who half-stumbled through the sand towards Jaren. Locking eyes with the Rattataki, the exhausted Pathfinder slowly hauled himself to his feet, still not all together convinced that Tazeo wouldn't rip him apart. Soon he peered up at his opponent again, but the hostility from before was no longer there. Silently, Tazeo stretched out his hand. Jaren eyed it suspiciously, the bruises forming on his arm and torso refusing to let him trust it completely. Hesitantly he reached for it, wincing slightly as Tazeo's strong hand firmly gripped his forearm. Once Jaren returned the gesture – the fierce respect burning in Tazeo's eyes had taken him aback and kept him from doing so immediately – the crowd roared. An exhausted, grateful smile stretched across Jaren's face. Fatigue ravaged his body. Every breath burned. His knees threated to buckle from underneath him. Black danced in and out of his vision. Vertigo shook him. He visibly swayed on his feet, fighting to stay upright. But in this moment, none of that mattered. He had completed his mission. When Tazeo stepped back, the wearied Pathfinder collapsed into the sand.