Kylo drags himself into the echoing cavern which is Snoke’s audience chamber at the Citadel, for once pleased that his Master expects him to kneel. Recent training has so beaten him down that it’s a struggle to stand on bruised and tattered legs, his lungs burning with every heaving gulp of air. He’s expecting yet another brutal training regimen to be handed down as penance for his failure on Starkiller. The past eight? ten? months have been nothing but. “No. Master is just. He’s right to punish me for my failures, I deserve worse than he’s dealt me for the loss of the First Order’s superweapon. For the death of Han Solo failing to kill the Light inside me.” While he expects to see the same look of almost parental disappointment Snoke has worn since his return to the Citadel, Kylo is shocked when he dares to look at his Master’s face. The elder Force user is wearing a faint smile, the kind that sends chills up Kylo’s spine every time. It always means something very good, or very bad. Sometimes both. “Stand, my apprentice. You have done well in these past months, and so I have a gift for you, for completing your training.” Purring praise, the same insidious whisper which had drawn him away from his family into the Dark. The acknowledgement gives Kylo enough to turn his pain into strength, drawing himself up straight to stand before his Master proudly. “Truly? I’ve completed my training at last?” He struggles to keep his boyish pride from showing on his unconcealed face. Perhaps Snoke will reward him with a new mask before he goes out to end Skywalker and his Jedi forever. “You are now truly the Master of the Knights of Ren. While I will continue helping you refine your powers and give you direction, there is nothing left for me to teach. And as I have asked you to refrain from indulging in many pleasures during this phase of your training, my gift is a reminder that nothing is truly forbidden to those who follow the Dark.” Now entirely puzzled, Kylo has no idea what is going to occur. It’s certainly not for Snoke to gesture expectantly. Whatever is supposed to happen, he waits in eager anticipation, but nothing appears. “Ohhh…” Snoke rasps, all good humour vanished from his voice, “so you would like to choose the other option after all.” He doesn’t seem to be talking to Kylo… “No? Then come here.” A resigned sigh followed by heavy clinking can be heard from the shadows before a tall figure steps into the small pool of light in the chamber. And Kylo’s jaw drops, because the man that’s revealed is stunning. Tall, lean muscle on a narrow frame, probably only a little shorter than him. (Just the right height to kiss). The man is dressed only in translucent black fabric that’s barely a skirt, reaching to his ankles but just clinging to his hips by intricately wrought red-gold chains. Similar chains run between the cuffs on his ankles, and down from the collar at his neck. Draping down his chest are a wealth of thinner chains of varying lengths, accentuating his lean form and the grace with which he moves. But past his first impression, there’s something incredibly familiar about the apparent slave. But the only person Kylo’s bedded recently has been… Shocked, his eyes finally snap up to meet Hux’s furious and humiliated pale jade gaze. Why is the General here? And dressed like a Hutt pleasure slave at that? Despite his outlandish garb, Hux still stands as proudly as if he were on the bridge of the Finalizer. It’s only when Kylo sees the cuffs binding Hux’s arms that he realizes the man isn’t simply standing at parade rest, as is his habit. And Hux would never willingly go anywhere with his hair so artfully dishevelled. Despite the arousing sight (are Hux’s nipples pierced?), Kylo can only feel bewildered as he turns back to the Supreme Leader. “Hux is my gift? But I thought he’d been sent back to rally the fleet after he delivered me here.” “He was.” Snoke leans back in his throne, pleased. “I gave the General until you completed your training to make up for failing to destroy the Resistance before they triggered Starkiller’s collapse. I had always intended to gift him to you if he pleased me. Failure on such a magnitude must be made an example of. Had he not been successful in recovering after the loss… your Knights would have had a practice dummy, for however long he lasted.” The Leader turns to view Hux with a critical eye, under which the bright copper head bows in resignation. “A fate which he has not entirely escaped, should he not prove an obedient slave.” Part of Kylo just can’t process the idea of the proud General as a slave. Not the only man who’d been unafraid in the face of his mask, even with his saber ignited and spitting in his hand. Not the man who had dared question Snoke’s plans when he thought he had a better option. He shoves that all down deep, knowing that Hux’s fate is a delicate one. His Master would not take well to Kylo’s dubious thoughts. Instead he strides forward and takes hold of the chain hanging from Hux’s collar. It’s not hard to pull his feelings of lust and dominance to the forefront. Much of Kylo is quite pleased to have the redhead at his mercy, given their years of friction as co-commanders and Snoke’s commandment not to harm the General or rifle through his thoughts. “Thank you, Master.” Kylo bites his lip as he glances at Hux sidelong. “I’m sure I’ll make good use of your gift.” He can see Hux draw breath to protest, but he glances up at Snoke and deflates. Kylo tries not to feel sick that the fiery Hux can’t even muster a sneer in the face of whatever consequences the Supreme Leader has promised. Snoke smiles indulgently at Kylo. “I am pleased. I will not delay you any longer. One of your Knights is waiting with a shuttle prepared to fly you to the Obliterator . I have decided that more of the First Order fleet must see your power firsthand.” Kylo turns to leave, trailing a reluctant Hux at the end of his leash, slowing when the redhead stumbles over the chain hobbling him. He’s at the door when Snoke speaks once again. “Oh, and do tell me if the slave proves...defective.” It’s a threat for them both, and Kylo can tell Hux knows it from the way he feels him stiffen. As promised, the Rogue is waiting in a short-range shuttle in the Citadel’s hangar. They take off smoothly and set a course before turning to give a brief salute to Kylo. “I see you’re pleased with your gift, Master Kylo.” He can feel their pleasure and amusement saturate the air around them. “The Leader had me prepare him for you and I must say, if I was inclined that way, I’d be asking to borrow him.” They must feel the possessive rage that wells up in response to the casual statement, for the Rogue waves their hands in defensive denial. “No, no! I said ‘if’ . You, slave, did I touch you beyond what was necessary?” “No.” Kylo’s head whips around to watch Hux speak, the first time he’s heard him since half-remembered moments on the shuttle off Starkiller. He sees a flash of metal in Hux’s open mouth, something he’ll have to investigate. “You were very...professional.” Hux’s voice is hoarse, like maybe he didn’t entirely escape the torment Snoke promised him. Aside from those few words, he remains silent for the flight. Not that it’s particularly long. Evidently Snoke had summoned the Obliterator into orbit to receive Kylo once he completed his training. The Rogue touches the shuttle down deftly in the landing bay just before the contingent waiting to receive them. It’s much like the first time Kylo had set foot on the Finalizer . Four squads of Stormtroopers are lined up neatly as an honour guard for the ranking officer. Only this time, Hux is no longer that officer, stripped of his rank and trailing Kylo wearing chains. He can tell when those on deck recognize him, ‘Troopers stiffening with an indrawn breath, and a sneer twisting the Admiral’s face unpleasantly. Hux is held in almost universal high regard by the ‘Troopers and lower ranking officers, Kylo knows, but others viewed him as an upstart or a threat. Without his mask, it takes more effort to compose his features. It’s a tradeoff with the fear Kylo inspires in the Admiral when he storms off the shuttle with a scowl. At least the scar tempers his boyish appearance. “Admiral Woyzec,” the man makes an effort to steel himself, but isn’t nearly as adept as Hux had been even that first time with concealing his feelings in the Force. “Welcome aboard the Obliterator , Master Ren.” He offers his hand to shake, but Kylo merely eyes it with disdain until he lets it drop. “I’ll have the ‘Troopers bring your effects to your quarters. Is there anything else you’ll require?” Two ‘Troopers bustle past Kylo and Hux to retrieve his belongings from the shuttle. In truth, Kylo has no idea what they contain, but Snoke has always provided for him in the past. Perhaps this time they have things for Hux as well. More than just two panels of fabric masquerading as a skirt. With Kylo’s attention only slightly distracted, the sneer has overtaken the Admiral’s face again. He reaches out with the Force, brushing up against the Admiral’s thoughts. His feedback shows a strong feeling of hatred directed towards Hux as well as pleasure to see him in such an undignified position. If he thinks he can get away with it, the man will hurt Hux as often as he has opportunity. “Since you’ve mentioned it, Admiral, there is one thing you can do for me.” “Yes, Master Ren?” “I would like you to make it clear to everyone aboard that Hux is mine . Should I find that anyone has laid a hand on him, or even insulted him, they will suffer for it. I don’t take interference with things that belong to me lightly, is that clear?” As he speaks, Kylo directs a niggle of fear into the primitive hindbrain of everyone listening. The Admiral bears the brunt of it however, paling and beginning to sweat, gulping nervously as he eyes Kylo as if he might be devoured. [I don’t think much of this weak-minded Admiral,] he sends to Hux almost without realizing, their occasional habit during particularly dull meetings or First Order functions. He’s not sure if Hux even hears him, the redhead’s mind as locked down as he’s ever felt it. All he can sense is something roiling under the icy surface, searching for a way to unleash itself. “Sir!” A clipped voice from under a white helmet draws his attention away from what it could be. “SR-7059, sir! If you would follow me, I will escort you to your quarters.” Kylo follows her through the miles of identical corridors characteristic of Star Destroyers, Hux an almost silent shadow in his wake. It’s a relief when he feels the ship make the jump to hyperspace, out of the reach of his Master. At least until he figures out how he feels about Hux being his slave, he’ll keep his distance from the Leader. That silence changes as soon as they’re in their assigned rooms. Before Kylo can even take the measure of them, Hux’s smaller body is bulling him into a wall, pinning him there through the strength that fury has granted his wiry frame. “Did you ask for this?” Hux snarls in his face, jade green eyes frozen with rage. “W-wh-what?” “Did you ask your Master for this fracking humiliation? Did you want him to enslave me, to hand me over like a kriffing toy?” “Hux, no! I would never...” Horrified that Hux could think such a thing, Kylo tries to push him away, but he’s slammed back before he can get more than a few inches between them. “I had no idea my Master was going to do anything like that until you stepped out of the shadows. But I couldn’t exactly say I didn’t want you, not if I didn’t want you handed to someone else.” “Then prove it,” Hux snaps back. “How?” “Take these chains off me. Kneel, and show me you’ll still be my good boy .” Hux almost purrs the last words, making Kylo weak in the knees. They hadn’t played at power dynamics much in bed, but every time he let Hux dominate him - oh, it was so good . Before he gives his hands permission, they’re fumbling at the cuffs around Hux’s wrists, searching for some kind of locking mechanism. He almost panics when he can’t find one. Surely Snoke didn’t mean for Hux to be stuck like this forever? Hux snorts, reading the fear in Kylo’s face. “They’re Force activated. He wanted to make sure only you or your merry little band of misfits could free me.” When he probes at them with the Force, Kylo can feel the locking mechanisms perfectly. They’re almost ordinary locks, if you ignore the lack of keyhole. But when he manipulates the Force to open them, he can feel a warning in the back of his mind. “If you take these off, Snoke will know.” Instead of reaching for the locks of the cuffs themselves, Kylo unlatches the mechanism that holds the cuffs together. A similar manipulation, and the chains are falling away from ankle shackles and collar as well. “If you want me to kneel,” Kylo says, before Hux can protest the selective removal, “you’ll have to step back a bit.” Full lips turn down at one corner in displeasure, but Hux relents. A few steps away and Kylo sinks to his knees. No longer so rigidly controlled, he can feel a wash of Hux’s pleasure at the sight. More than that, he can see Hux’s blown pupils, barely a ring of vivid green around the black. A flickering glance down is surprised that he can’t see Hux’s hardness tenting the flimsy fabric. But perhaps they aren’t far enough along yet for that. The kind of fury Hux has been harboring isn’t particularly conducive to arousal. Knowing it always pleases the redhead, Kylo strips off the top of his robes, folding his wrists at the small of his back and looking up through his lashes. “Please, Hux, what should I do?” “You want to be a good boy for me?” Kylo nods eagerly. Hux slinks forward, shedding the delicate chains from around his neck, mussing his hair further as he pulls them off. One long-fingered hand trails along Kylo’s collarbone and over his shoulder blades as Hux walks around him, making him shudder from the pleasurable touch. He hasn’t been touched gently since Starkiller. Just as he’s leaning into Hux’s hand, sighing happily, Hux shoves him brutally forward. He only just manages to catch himself before his nose connects with the floor. “Hux, what?” He looks up, wounded and confused. “Shall I show you what else your Master decided you should have to control me?” His voice is venomous. Kylo tilts his head in confusion, a lock of hair falling across his eye. He watches closely as Hux’s clever fingers find a hidden catch in the chains at his waist. He gives Kylo a considering look before allowing the sparse garment to fall away. Immediately, he can see why Hux is furious. Keeping his pretty cock from getting hard is a cage in the same red-gold as the rest of his chains. Snoke had truly taken every measure to tame and humiliate the former General and make his new position clear. Kylo reaches out with the Force, and finds the lock the same as the others. Some precise manipulation and the cage is falling away. With a wicked grin, Hux eyes it and kicks the cage away to skitter under the sofa. “Good boy.” Kylo gets a little harder, straining a little more against his leggings every time Hux praises him. He resumes his kneeling, submissive posture as Hux’s long fingers rake through his hair. Now that Hux’s rage has dimmed, he can feel the redhead’s eyes truly taking in his battered state. Crouched in front of Kylo, the soft pads of Hux’s fingers skate lightly over the bruises and cuts spread liberally across his pale skin. “What has Snoke done to you?” Hux whispers. “Only what I deserved,” Kylo ducks his head further as he responds. “My Master was forced to beat my weakness from me when I couldn’t do so myself. He was gracious enough to complete my training in spite of my failure.” Gentle fingers grasp his chin and tilt his head up to meet luminous green eyes. Hux opens his mouth to say something, and then sighs and shakes his head. Kylo knows it’s probably something to do with Snoke’s methods of training and punishment, they’ve had this argument before. “Do you know if you have a med kit around? I can’t fuck you properly if I’m worried about you bleeding all over the bed.” Despite his dismissive words, he can sense Hux’s concern for his safety. When the General had started to bed him and learned of his tendency to treat his own wounds, ignoring most as beneath his notice, Hux had insisted on taking over his medical care. A fully stocked med kit ‘mysteriously’ appeared in Kylo’s fresher a few days later and was replenished regularly. “I don’t know.” Hux huffs and pushes himself to his feet. Kylo watches him pace gracefully to the fresher, completely unselfconscious of his nudity. He envies Hux that, never quite feeling at home in his own skin. The lean body isn’t as scarred as his own, though there’s some marring Hux’s smooth skin that he’s not familiar with. Perhaps Snoke had him for longer than Kylo had thought. After a few curses and some clunking sounds, Hux emerges from the fresher with a med kit in hand. Raking his hair back from his face irritably, he shakes his head. “I don’t know what kind of incompetent fool decided the med kit needed to be in storage with replacement parts for the sonic shower, but it seems fully stocked.” The red-gold cuffs gleaming at throat, wrists, and ankles don’t diminish him in any way as he commands, “get on the bed. Leggings and boots off first, and then kneel in the centre.” Kylo scrambles to obey. He hears Hux snort a laugh as he almost trips while peeling the tight hide leggings away, but he just wants Hux’s hands on him again. However he can get them. He’d let Hux fuck him right now if he wanted to, injuries be damned. Instead, the redhead settles on the bed next to him. Deft hands open the med kit as Hux asks, “do any of those wounds need sutures?” Probing his injuries with the Force, Kylo’s relieved to be able to answer, “no.” At least none that haven’t already healed past that stage. “I probably shouldn’t tell Hux about all the ones that would have needed stitching.” It always makes Hux upset when Kylo doesn’t get himself seen to, though he still doesn’t quite understand why. He always heals in the end, and Snoke says that pain should help him harness the Force. If it doesn’t, well, that’s his own fault for not banishing the Light. “My last round of training was more tiring than painful,” Kylo says instead, hoping to placate Hux. It doesn’t really work, as Hux huffs disbelievingly, but he gets to work with the bacta cream without saying anything else. He’s so careful as he works the cream into scabbed over cuts, fingers soft from a lifetime wearing leather gloves. It’s hard to believe that he’d been furious at Kylo only minutes earlier, and prepared to hurt him for it. Kylo shuts his eyes as he leans into Hux’s gentle touch. He’s trying to contain all his whimpers of pleasure deep inside his chest, but he’s sure Hux is hearing them escape past his lips anyways. At least today the redhead isn’t comparing him to a beaten dog. Kylo takes a deep breath of contentment, and then sneezes when he gets a noseful of the unpleasant musty, medicinal smell of bacta. Hux’s low chuckle at the explosive noise makes him smile. “Almost done your torso at least. What about your legs?” For answer, Kylo stretches out his legs, in tatters from wading through the claw vines that were part of his last task. Looking down on them, Hux sighs. “On your feet then.” He’s quick to comply. With Hux kneeling at his feet, he should feel the power over his slave that Snoke intended. But he feels like the weaker one in this situation. Hux is tending his injuries of his own will after all, and Kylo will happily submit to him after. His touch has kept Kylo half-hard the whole time, knowing what else his long, clever fingers are good for. One last scrape, and Hux is sealing the much-diminished jar of cream, exchanging it for a tube of bruise balm. A sharp mint scent fills the air as he squeezes the first measure onto his fingers. Kylo welcomes the astringent sting as it’s smoothed over the fist-sized bruise on his calf, knowing his bruises will fade much more quickly than they would have. “Thank you, Hux,” he says quietly as he buries his fingers in soft red hair. “I’ve missed this.” The General sighs as he cocks his head to the side, glancing up at Kylo under his fringe. “For the past eleven months, I’ve been cursing you inside my head. Snoke told me about my punishment before I left, let me think you had a part in devising it. I never quite did manage to convince myself to hate you though.” The corner of his mouth quirks in a rueful grin. “It’s probably best you weren’t on ship. I had a hard enough balancing act without justifying the ridiculous amount of repairs your presence requires.” “I don’t understand. Why would Snoke tell you? What benefit could there be to you hating me?” “To ensure we’re loyal only to him?” Hux shrugs. “If we were to work together, we could be a threat to his power. But if I resent you, and you go back to feeling superior to me… I’m not sure what his goals truly are. As for why he told me, insurance that I would do my best work. I can admit, in the wake of Starkiller’s firing, I had some doubts about our course. I am loyal to the Order, but did we best serve our cause by creating terror and hatred?” Kylo isn’t sure how to respond to that. He latches on to one part of what Hux has said to cloud out the rest. “I’m a little surprised you didn’t run. I might have, if told that my ‘reward’ was slavery and the only other option was a painful death.” The laugh that Hux doesn’t seem able to help holds nothing of humour. “Ren...I’m ‘General Starkiller’. Do you really think there’s anywhere in the galaxy I could find refuge? At least with you - you’re predictable, and you don’t tend to permanently damage those under your command, even when furious.” It’s a bleak assessment, and something in Kylo aches that the brilliant General is reduced to considering slavery to a man he’d once hated as the best outcome. It goes against everything he knows to criticize his Master, but this seems like a terrible waste of resources. Chapter 2 Summary: Sex takes an unexpectedly sweet turn. Hux didn't know he was capable of such care and gentleness. Rubbing bruise balm into the last of Ren’s colourful contusions, Hux feels some of the brutal tension he’s carried since Starkiller ’s loss drain away at last. If he ignores the metal bands at wrists, ankles, and throat, this could be any other night on the Finalizer . When had he last permitted himself to relax? He hadn’t so much as taken himself in hand since leaving Ren at the Citadel, every waking moment consumed with strategy, trying to keep the threat of Snoke’s Knights at bay. Most nights it was all he could do to strip off his uniform before collapsing nude into bed. Only to wake up far too few hours later and repeat it all again. Having Ren warm and willing before him is better than anything he could have dreamed in those exhausting, lonely days. All his tension boils over at once. Hux casts aside thoughts the possible consequences, the bruise balm falling to the floor as he stands to pull Ren into a fierce kiss. The coppery telltale of blood taints the first few clashes, a gash in Ren’s lip reopened on Hux’s canine. It reminds him to take things more slowly. Ren whines into his mouth as Hux’s gentles the kiss, teasing him with light brushes of tongue and nips to his full bottom lip. Eager, he tries to push Hux back into a bruising kiss. About to respond in kind, something in Hux hesitates. He doesn’t want that. Not now... A firm hand twisted in Ren’s thick locks is enough to remind him who’s leading this dance. He can feel the shudder ripple through the Knight at his slight show of dominance. Ren does so love having the need to choose stripped from him. “What do you think is in those crates?” Hux pulls away to mutter as he traces kisses down Ren’s graceful neck. The tilt of Ren’s head speaks of confusion even as he opens himself to Hux. “Perhaps Snoke gave us some rope to play with.” “Please,” Ren’s breathy whisper lances a bolt of lightning down his spine, heat pooling in his groin. Behind him, the rattling of the boxes mentioned betrays a loss of control on Ren’s part. A last kiss dropped on Ren’s lips and Hux slinks across the floor to investigate what Snoke had left them with. Knowing the other man is watching avidly, he makes a bit of a show of his movements. Exaggerates the sway of his hips. The creaking of the bedsprings betrays Ren, shifting as though he’s about to follow. “Stay there.” The command, tossed over his shoulder, has Ren scrambling to resume his kneeling position on the bed. Pulling the first crate opens sends all the pleasant heat curdling, chilling as his gut plummets. At the very top are more wispy slave garments. Clearly intended for him. It’s an effort of will to push them aside and keep searching. Fortunately he only has to brush aside a few more flimsy pieces of cloth to uncover a sizeable pile of rope. How had it been expected to be used? Should he really bind Ren? A glance back at the eager man on the bed reminds him why he’s doing this. It’s totally different from what had been done to him. Picturing how Ren will look with the silky black rope against his milky skin has his cock stirring, throbbing. A few strokes has Hux fully hard once more, nothing to betray to Ren his temporary doubts. Not with his iron control over his projections around the Force user. Coyly, he casts a loop of the rope to drape over his shoulder. “Ready?” “Fuck, Hux, you know I am.” One look at Ren shows Hux how true that is, if the desperation in his voice hadn’t already betrayed him. His cock is hard in the thatch of dark curls, flushed almost purple. A slick shine gleams off the thin stream of precome sliding down from the head. Knowing he has Hux’s attention, Ren leans back on his hands to display himself to best effect. Taut muscles flex under his skin. Even marred with scars and bruises, every inch of the man is stunning, and tonight, willingly given over to Hux. A few strides, confidence regained, has him kneeling next to Ren on the bed. Hux reaches out with one finger to trace from Ren’s throat down the line made by his defined musculature. A private smile quirks Hux’s mouth when the Knight shivers under his featherlight touch. “And no one can take this power from me.” He leans in to kiss where his finger rests, just above the dip of Ren’s navel. Lips still brushing pale skin, Hux murmurs, “present your wrists.” Softly voiced as it is, it’s still a command. The eagerness with which Ren complies...it’s a strange feeling. There’s something incredibly powerful about having his willing submission. It gives him a heady rush to have Ren bending to his will. Usually, Hux would take his time winding coils of rope around Ren. Teasing him with the silky smoothness or rough scratch of the cord as he’s gradually shaped and constrained by Hux’s ties. But tonight...tonight he just needs to feel Ren’s skin under his hands. A few quick wraps and a cinch around, then Hux checks to make sure it’s snug but not too tight before knotting off the tie. Black silk rope holds Ren’s wrists fast. A long tail trails between them that Hux will have to fasten to the bed somehow . And though he could use the Force to break the ties, they both know he won’t. Ren wants this . Firm pressure on Ren’s shoulder guides him back onto the unyielding mattress. “How do you feel?” Ren’s eyelids flutter as he stretches out under Hux’s hands. When they play like this...it’s the most relaxed Hux ever sees the other man. He’s already heading that way, tension bleeding out of his muscles to leave him ever more boneless under Hux’s unexpectedly gentle hands. Hux envies that ability to release his control. “Feels good, Hux. Please …” The next step involves a bit of ungraceful scramble on his part, so he’s glad Ren’s eyes remain shut as he continues to stretch out muscles slightly cramped from his time kneeling. A short search reveals that the durasteel frame of the bed will make an adequate place to tie off Ren’s wrists. Hux sees Ren’s cock twitch when he tugs his arms just that little touch farther. Rope secured, Hux more gracefully moves back to straddle Ren on hands and knees, just waiting, not touching him anywhere yet. Only when Ren opens his eyes in question does Hux lean down to kiss him. Their only connection lies between their mouths and where Ren’s prominent nose presses into Hux’s cheek. He teases him with gentle kisses, swiping his tongue across the seam of Ren’s mouth but never quite licking in; until Ren is whining and straining his shoulders trying to push up and firm the contact. Squirming under Hux and just trying to get him to do more than tantalize. Hux only huffs a laugh and retreats, keeping their kisses light. “Hux,” Ren whines plaintively when his shoulders drop him back down to the bed. “Ren,” Hux returns with a grin. Ren pouts, setting his feet against the bed and pushing his hips up until their flushed cocks rub together. A light slap to his hip sends him slumping down. “I thought you said you were going to be a good boy,” Hux says archly. Dark amber eyes stare up at him, until Ren glances away, apologetic. “I’m sorry, Hux. It’s just been so long .” Hux strokes a hand down his lover’s side soothingly. “Do you want some help staying still?” “Help?” Sliding back onto his knees, Hux grasps a second coil of black rope, holding it up for Ren to see. “Help.” He takes the full-body shudder and deep groan as agreement. A shift to kneel beside Ren and Hux pauses to consider his options. His free hand draws spirals on Ren’s taut abdomen absently. Should he tie his ankles to the bed? Bind his knees together? A spreader bar would be useful, but Force knows Hux isn’t rooting through those crates again. Inspiration strikes. Reaching out, Hux gently bends Ren’s ankle up to rest close to his thigh. Careful to keep the doubled rope lying flat, he wraps it near the hip and around his ankle before tucking it through the initial loop. Wrapping back the other way, he tucks it through the bight. “Is this comfortable?” Throat bobbing as he swallows, Ren nods. “Yes,” his voice is thick with arousal. Threading the rope between Ren’s ankle and thigh, Hux cinches it around the main ropes twice. A surgeon’s knot and he’s secured. It’s just as quick to repeat the tie on the other side. With Ren’s legs tied, Hux nudges them to lie splayed against the bed. He takes a moment to admire the scene, Kylo spread and vulnerable, cock flushed and bobbing between his legs. Reaching out with one finger, he barely skims the velvet smooth skin as Ren moans and tries helplessly to buck into his touch. “Careful, Ren.” “I’ll show you careful,” Ren tries to retort, but it lacks impact when his voice breaks with need. Relenting, Hux leans forward to place a single kiss on the tip of the head before working his way up Ren’s long torso, careful around the bruises and scabbed over injuries. Only when he reaches Ren’s pectorals does Hux detour from his path, kissing one small pink bud. His chest arches up into Hux’s touch. How had he forgotten that Kylo’s nipples are so sensitive? “Hux, please …” “It’s alright, Ren, I’ll take care of you.” Hux raises his hand to play with the opposite nipple, bending back to kiss and nip at the first. He only gets harder as Ren writhes under his teasing touches. Ren actually whimpers when Hux rubs his new tongue piercing around the bud. Perhaps it’s useful after all. “Fuck, Hux, feels so good,” Ren’s shoulder muscles bunch as he pulls at his bindings. “I wanna touch , wanna...feel good.” Chuckling, Hux leans up to kiss Ren’s full mouth. “Not tonight. Tonight, I get to touch. You’re just going to lie there and let me like a good boy.” Whining, Ren strains against the ropes again, but without using the Force he stands no chance of breaking free. Free to tease and torment, Hux throws his leg back over Ren’s hips and settles between his legs, his shaft rubbing pleasantly against Ren’s balls. Both hands free, one keeps pinching at Ren’s pink bud, while the other teases the soft skin along the inside of his thigh. The way Hux’s legs pin his Ren stands no chance of squirming away. “You’re so gorgeous like this, pinned under me. All that skin exposed for me to touch.” Before Ren can respond, Hux leans up to capture his mouth again. This time, he kisses him deeply, licking into Ren’s mouth and returning his moans. It could be minutes or hours later, Hux doesn’t care, when Ren tears his mouth away to draw in a gasping breath. “Please, touch my cock. Please .” Hux pulls back enough to look down on the Knight, flushed and panting. His brown eyes are full. They communicate his need and desire without the need for speech. In spite of his earlier resolution not to bruise Kylo further, Hux can’t resist leaning in to suck a possessive mark on Ren’s neck. As he does, the hand that had been on Ren’s thigh moves to his straining dick at last. It shocks them both when Ren arches as far as he can with a scream, ropes of come splashing over his torso after Hux only strokes him once. Immediately, Hux gentles his touch, the other hand switching to soothing strokes along Ren’s heaving ribs. “Shhh, Kylo, I’ve got you,” Hux finds himself whispering. “You’ve been so good for me, let yourself go.” With his words, Kylo’s cock gives a final spurt as he shudders, moaning. Before Hux can release him, he’s already sobbing with overstimulation. And maybe something else. Wiping his hand off on the bedspread, wrinkling his nose in distaste as he does so, Hux switches to massaging up and down Kylo’s long body. He pays particular attention to his arms, leaning to kiss Kylo as he does. The muscles must be stiff after so long. With the tension he’d been placing on them, overwrought and struggling, he wouldn’t be surprised if Kylo has strained something. It takes some time, but Kylo’s shaking does subside. His fingers move to the knot around Kylo’s wrists, but… “No, don’t.” Hux looks down in surprise. “Kylo?” “Don’t stop, please , Hux. I want you to fuck me.” Despite the pleading in Kylo’s eyes and voice, Hux is hesitant. Long fingers brush once more against the knot keeping the other man captive. Before he can do more than that, Kylo wrenches his wrists away. “ No! No, please Hux, please, I need you. Fuck me. I want…” Hux stills Kylo’s frantic begging by sealing their mouths together, calming him with a deep and tender kiss. “Alright,” their lips brush as Hux speaks, “but tell me if you need to stop and I will. I don’t - I don’t want to hurt you.” He can feel Kylo’s broad smile more than see it. “Thank you. I will, but I know I won’t have to.” When Hux pushes himself up, he’s momentarily distracted by how undone Kylo looks. For once he’s tousled and flushed not with rage, but with pleasure. Damp tracks down his cheeks betray that at some point, he’d been overwrought enough to shed tears, but his peaceful smile holds a rare calm. As Hux brushes the pad of his thumb over the tear tracks, he realizes that he’d like to give Kylo this peace to keep. As ever, practical concerns soon win out. Plead as he likes, Hux isn’t going to fuck Kylo without some kind of lubricant. And the evidence of Kylo’s first release is going to dry soon. “I’ll be right back,” Hux says as he brushes a kiss against Kylo’s lips with the tips of his fingers. “Will you be alright if I leave for a moment?” A slow nod. “Yes,” Kylo agrees, voice gravelly. There’s an electric presence at the edge of his consciousness as Hux pads to the fresher. Fortunately it’s been well stocked with towels, and he supplies himself with a small armful, wetting one with warm water. He takes the opportunity to thoroughly wash his hands as well, ridding himself of the slightly sticky feeling of dried come, as well as bacta and bruise balm residue. Kylo’s Force presence remains unintrusive as Hux returns, and he decides not to comment on it. He uses the damp towel to gently clean Kylo’s abdomen and chest, smiling as Kylo’s eyes close with pleasure at the attention. A clean one gets tucked under Kylo, for...potential messes, the others placed in a stack at the foot of the bed. Now for the lube. Hux eyes the crates with distaste and suspicion until he remembers the med kit abandoned next to the bed. A quick examination of the contents nets him a tube of medical lubricant. Why was that stocked in a kit for personal use? “Looks like you’re in luck,” Hux teases, holding the tube up for Kylo to see. The answering smile holds a trace of shyness, the other man still not quite used to the vulnerability of opening himself to another. A gentle caress to his inner thigh and the smile turns grateful. Hux resettles himself on the bed next to Kylo’s waist, one leg tucked up and under himself and the other hanging off the side. He takes a few moments to kiss random trails up and down Kylo’s body, surprising them both when he evidently hits a ticklish spot. Eyebrow arched, Hux rests his chin on Kylo’s ribs. “You never told me you were ticklish.” Bright spots of colour burn on Kylo’s cheeks. “Shut up. I haven’t been since...before.” Unable to resist, Hux brushes a last kiss across the spot before letting the matter drop. Instead, he retrieves the lube and slicks the fingers of his right hand. A second’s thought, and Hux wipes the excess lube off on the damp towel lying next to the bed. Kylo gasps sharply when lube-slick fingers begin to massage around his tight ass. “This time, I’m going to be patient opening you up,” Hux leans down to mutter in Kylo’s ear. “Going to make you nice and wet and open for my cock. This time, you’re not going to hurry me. No more getting me to shove in when you’re still too tight.” Kylo’s laugh at his commentary is choked off with a moan when Hux wiggles the tip of his finger into his tight hole. “Fuck, you’re so hot . Can’t wait to slide inside.” A little deeper, and Hux strokes his finger along the soft skin. “This will feel even better when it’s my cock.” “Oh, fuck yes. I can’t wait for you to fuck me, fill me. I -,” Kylo cuts himself off, craning his neck to kiss Hux. And though Hux’s curiosity is piqued, he’s rather too busy to encourage Kylo to finish. His free hand tangles in Kylo’s thick mane, the other knuckle deep in his hole, flexing and pushing as he fingers his lover open. Hux pulls away to nose behind Kylo’s ear, the hair silky against his face. “Can I tell you a secret, Kylo?” “Ye-” his voice breaks, forcing him to try again, “yes?” Tugging on the handful of thick waves, Hux scrapes his teeth over Kylo’s lobe before purring, “I’m glad you’ve never cut your hair to First Order standards. There have been times when I’ve fantasized about rubbing my cock in it. Just coming all over it. Marking that black with creamy white and letting it drip over your face.” Kylo groans deep in his chest. “Fuck, Hux, that’s so filthy. I would let you, you know. Kneel on the floor and suck you til you’re close. Then you can bury your cock in my hair and mess me up.” Feeling his cock twitch as Kylo speaks, Hux knows they’re definitely going to have to try it. But not tonight. “You’re opening up so nicely for me, Kylo. Can you feel it? You’re going to take me so well.” Kylo’s nod of agreement pulls against the hold Hux has on his hair. “Please, more? I can take a third finger.” Teasing the tip around the edge of Kylo’s ass, Hux asks, “can you really? Are you going to be a good boy for me?” “Yes, I’ll be so good. Please.” Kylo turns and manages to bury his face into the crook of Hux’s neck. With all that skin open to him, Hux takes the opportunity to kiss along the tendon of Kylo’s neck. At the same time, he pulls his fingers out just enough to push back with the third alongside. “Almost there. You’re all nice and slick.” Kylo surfaces to capture Hux’s lips, breaking away occasionally to pant for breath. His skin is slick with sweat, writhing and whimpering from unceasing stimulation. He’s already come once, and Hux hasn’t entirely been able to avoid brushing against his prostate. It’s not too much longer before Hux is certain he’s done enough to prepare Kylo. “Are you ready for me? Want me to come so deep inside you, it’s still dripping out hours later?” “Please, please, please. Want you to fuck me, fill me,” Kylo pleads, arching up into Hux as far as the ropes will let him. “Good boy.” The compliment draws a whine of pleasure from Kylo. Though he has to stand to get into a better position to fuck him, Hux keeps one point of contact with Kylo at all times. With both hands occupied with the lube, that becomes his bony knees pressed into Kylo’s thighs, his feet flush with the outside of Hux’s calves. “This is going to be a bit cold,” he says apologetically, liberally slicking his fingers with lube. Kylo hisses when Hux presses his fingers back inside, distributing the slick as evenly as possible. “You didn’t need that.” Grinning down at Kylo, Hux can tell his expression has a feral edge. He’s spent so long focusing on the other man and ignoring his own pleasure that all he wants to do is drive in and pound Kylo into the mattress. Going slowly is testing his own patience as well as Kylo’s. But if there’s one thing General Hux is good at, it’s patience. “I told you I was going to make you wet for me. And you are, you’re practically dripping. It’s going to feel so good when I push in.” At last Hux takes hold of his own cock, excess lube more than enough to get it slick. “Pull your knees up to your chest for me, Kylo.” Trembling, Kylo tries, but he can’t quite keep them up on his own. Hux pins them in place with his own body, leaning across to grab the damp towel again to wipe his hands. At the look of disbelief from the man under him, he raises an eyebrow. “You’d rather I rub lube all through your hair?” “Earlier, you were saying you were going to co-” Kylo’s retort cuts off with a thick moan as Hux teasingly rubs the head of his cock around Kylo’s hole. Sliding in almost without intent. Hux allows himself to groan at last when he bottoms out, relishing the shiver that has Kylo contracting around him. One hand goes to the bed beside Kylo’s shoulder to stabilize him, the other threading back into Kylo’s hair. “Fuck, you feel so good around me. So hot and tight and slick. I could stay like this all night.” The suggestion has Kylo whimpering. “You want that?” Hux demands as he pulls out slowly. Only iron control keeps his thrust back just as restrained. “Want me to keep you strung out on the edge?” Kylo tries to shake his head and nod at the same time. His conflict reads clear on his open features. “Feels so good having you in me. But I want you to come, want to feel your pleasure.” Pausing after his next thrust, Hux practically bends Kylo in half as he leans down to kiss him. Some distant part of his mind is impressed with how flexible the man is; it belies the bulk of his muscle. But most of him is occupied with the way Kylo flexes around him, the way little whimpers tell him he’s brushed against his prostate, the indefinable taste of his kisses and the sweetness of his mouth. With how long he’s been ignoring himself, how long it’s been since he’s come, Hux knows he isn’t going to last all that long. He wants to draw it out though. So he keeps things slow. Thrusts so slowly that he can practically feel all the ripples of his Kylo’s walls, with long pauses to do nothing but grind in and in and in until Kylo is clenching and shuddering around him. Licks into Kylo’s mouth and kisses down his neck. Whispers into Kylo’s ear how good he is for Hux, how incredible he feels around him. And when Hux comes at last, it’s not the gut punch that results from their usual almost-violent fucking. It’s like cresting a wave, a long coast to shore on the aftershocks of his pleasure. He’s so lost in wave after wave of electric sensation washing over him that he almost doesn’t notice Kylo’s shared cry, the way he shudders apart under him. It’s only the way the air suddenly feels charged, the presence at the edges of his consciousness that tells him their barriers had dropped enough for his climax to overflow into Kylo. “Force, that was…” “Incredible,” Kylo finishes for him, voice a croak, when they finally start to come down. Back in his body enough to register something aside from the overwhelming pleasure, Hux realizes he’s unpleasantly sticky. At some point, Kylo parted his bound legs enough to cradle him between. Now he’s covered in Kylo’s slowly drying come. But he’s too sated to bother moving just yet. Instead, his hands move to the knot holding Kylo’s wrists. “Can I untie this now?” Kylo grins at the teasing tone. His answering nod almost has their foreheads colliding, the Force user still coming back into the limits of his body. Fortunately, Hux had bound Kylo in such a way that he didn’t have to reach up to the bedframe to set him free. It’s the work of moments to unbind his wrists, and Hux pulls one of Kylo’s arms down, massaging the cramped muscle. “How are you feeling?” His head drops back on a contented sigh. “So good - best I’ve felt in months.” “I’m glad.” Hux reaches for his other arm, allowing the first to fall gently by Kylo’s side. They lie in comfortable silence as Hux massages feeling back into Kylo’s arms and shoulders. A little squirming and he manages to untie Kylo’s legs without standing, but then he has to move. “Would you like me to take care of your legs?” Hux asks, wincing as his soft cock slips out of Kylo’s hole. “Or should I clean us up first?” Kylo’s nose wrinkles as he considers, stretching out his long legs. “My le-,” a pause, and he looks at the come beginning to crust in the trail of hair down from his navel. “Clean first,” he says ruefully. Chuckling, Hux grabs one of the clean towels and strides to the fresher on wobbly legs. Wetting it down is quick enough, but he takes a moment to clean himself and refreshes the towel before returning to Kylo. He has to scrub to clean his belly off sufficiently, but distracts them both with kisses as he does. Wiping Kylo’s hole clean on the other hand, sends a curl of heat swirling in his gut at the sight of his own come dripping down milky skin. “Fuck, Kylo, you’re so gorgeous and tempting,” Hux murmurs. His finger traces gently around Kylo’s puffy ring, making him squirm and whine. “M not gorgeous,” Kylo pouts. “Dark side users are intimidating.” “If you say so,” Hux grins. “How do your legs feel?” Stretching out experimentally, Kylo shrugs. “Fine. But ‘m tired.” Hux tugs the towel out from under him, depositing the used ones in the laundry chute. When he turns back to the bed, Kylo has curled on his side, eyes already fluttering shut. It’s a problem when Hux tries to wrestle the covers out from under him. “Ugh, move, you big lump.” Kylo grumbles. It takes some wiggling, but they’re soon both under the covers. Hux drifts off to a peaceful sleep with Kylo’s head resting over his heart, carding his fingers through thick black waves. Notes: Come say 'hi' on tumblr, I'm thecopperriver there as well.