Love and Loss "You've turned her against me." Anakin accuses, Obi-wan has to remind himself that this is Anakin. This miserable existence of a thing, his precious padawan. All this promise gone and wasted. But it's Anakin, there's still Anakin. Obi-wan can feel the pull of the dark side twist inside him. All of this over a prophecy that will come true by Anakin's own hands. And it's all completely needless. "You kriffing FOOL." Is all that comes out of his mouth, but he's so tired, so disappointed in Anakin. For so many reasons, maybe it's the realization none of this will matter anyway, maybe it's the news that Anakin thought he would chose Padme over HIM of all people. The desperate ludicrousness of this entire situation. But he can't stop himself. "Why would I do that—when I had more interest in YOU than HER. Did you ever actually stop to THINK Anakin—I never had the same interest in her that you ever DID." Anakin, clearly expecting a fight, pauses. "You're trying to trick me, this won't—" "—I'm not, you insolent CHILD. Come here and HELP HER UP before she DIES at your HANDS, ALONG WITH YOUR CHILDREN." The dark side, it seems, is ill prepared for logic. Anakin freezes, Obi-wan has other priorities. Sudden movements are a bad idea, but Padme is on the floor and there is no time for the fight that Anakin so desperately wants. Obi-wan ignores him to kneel and assess her. She's breathing but barely, Obi-wan's stomach turns. They need to get her medical attention. "What are you—" "—Anakin, if you ever once loved the Senator as much as you claim to. If you ever LOVED your wife, then COME HERE and help her back on the ship NOW." It's a desperate bid, he's furious, he wants to fight Anakin, but he is so tired of death today. "...What have you done." It doesn't shake off Palpatine's hold entirely, but it starts a slow awakening inside Anakin. He seems to finally comprehend the damage he's just caused, the blood on his hands. "You—" "—You can fight me later, Skywalker. Now we save your family." Obi-wan knows it’s a victory when he sees the anger start to give way to panic in Anakin's eyes. "Or do you want to continue to stand there while she dies?" --- They get Padme to a medical center, Anakin still lost to his own emotions, to the swell of the dark and the light and his own loud existential crisis of what he'd just done. Padme gives birth, in pain, the wring of bruises around her neck from his force choke. In the sterile light, surrounded by droids Anakin looks sick. Obi-wan leaves the room as he hears the first baby's cry and Anakin's heart shatters. --- Anakin is gone when he returns an hour later. Padme had forgiven him, but Anakin hadn't forgiven himself. Obi-wan holds the two babies the best he can, he understands that she doesn't have much time left. "Please." Is all she says to Obi-wan. And they loved Anakin both so much, how much this has hurt the both of them. How deeply he had cut them, even if he had found himself again. "I want you with them, keep them safe." Obi-wan is exhausted, there is almost nothing left of the Jedi Council, he has never had to raise a child before let alone two. There are so many unknowns. But all Obi-wan sees is that tiny hand-maiden on Tattooine, that small, fierce girl that wanted to make the galaxy a better place. "Okay." Is all he can find he says back. The two children in his arms, how foolish that he could even think himself unattached. He might as well abandon Jedi code—he has long ago been tethered to this family. They are, and will continue to be his. --- Yoda is disillusioned from what has occurred, Mace Windu is dead, they are now considered traitors by the Empire. The Empire he unknowingly helped create. "Easy, this will not be." Yoda remarks after the funeral (no one's seen Anakin and Obi-wan is relieved), Obi-wan is trying to get used to holding two babies at once. It's a work in progress. Nothing in Obi-wan's life was ever easy anyway. "I'll manage." --- They are nomadic by nature (by necessity really—the funeral had given the illusion that the Queen had died pregnant but Anakin still knew, and if he knew Palpatine would as well). They live off a small stipend Ahsoka sends (sometimes care packages, the poor girl attempting her own penance when it was never sins but her Master's) as well as what Obi-wan can earn on his own. It's hardly an ideal life, very rarely stable at times—but this is what Padme wanted. What Obi-wan wants. (Once he considers seeking refuge in Tatooine—knows it'll be safe from the Empire as long as the Hutts have influence and yet the specter of Anakin is too much to bear.) Despite it all, the twins grow—they become his children as much as they were Padme's, as much as they ARE Anakin's. He realizes early on how strong the two are in the force, can see how much they both take after their father. With training, they'd be fine Jedi. But all Obi-wan can think of is Anakin who destroyed his own happiness, of Master Yoda in his own self-imposed exile far off on Dagobah, and of his fallen master, Qui-gon. The force is the only thing he knew but even now it feels lost to him. Anakin does not come for his family. --- Luke and Leia are ten, inseparable, and out of necessity, had to learn a variety of life skills that no respectable padawan should ever need to. Gambling, however was pointedly something Obi-wan did not teach them but they somehow learned anyway. "Who taught you how to play sabacc?" Obi-wan is in his thirties now, and far too old for this nonsense that keeps happening. "And how did you win so many credits?" "It's really easy Uncle Ben, you just have to mix the cards up under the table!" Leia insists, shoving the pile of money at him, unbothered by the dubious looks being sent their way around the bar. Someone had apparently also taught them how to cheat too. Obi-wan opens his mouth to argue when he feels it, knows that unmistakable presence in the force anywhere. He reaches for his lightsaber. "Get behind me both of you." Anakin is close, and emotions that Obi-wan had long put to rest are welling up inside him once more. "Do not move, if I say you run—you run." "Uncle Ben—" "But we—" "Shh." Obi-wan can tell where he is by the sudden stillness of the other patrons, can see the way some of them are running at the shadowy presence entering the bar. Obi-wan recognizes him instantly. Anakin looks...older now, much older than he should be. His hair is pulled back haphazardly and his clothes disorderly, everything about him looks weathered and beaten. "...Master Kenobi." The man croaks with Anakin's voice, and Obi-wan instinctively wants to strike him, to reach out, to pull him close. He's not sure. "I've finally found you." Obi-wan meets the gaze of the biggest failure he ever had a hand in creating and feels time stop. --- Anakin and the twins survey each other warily, whatever strange penance Anakin claims he's doing—he refuses to address them directly. It probably hurts too much, can see the ways they take after him, after Padme, after Obi-wan. Obi-wan has no such mercy left in him, Leia and Luke watch Anakin with curiosity but he just scrutinizes the broken man before him. "I'm not going to hurt them." Obi-wan doesn't snort, just glances at his tea with the same practiced poise of an animal ready to attack any threat to its young. Anakin looks disturbed at the implication but Obi-wan can't forget the corpses of the padawans that never had a chance. "They're my children—I couldn't...not again. Never again." Anakin seems as intangible as a force ghost, wherever he's been for the past ten years—it's hollowed him out, gave him a sense of calm by forcing all his emotions away. It fills Obi-wan with a strange sense of sadness, and wasn’t it a greater tragedy that this was the cost of Anakin’s inner peace. That it still wasn’t enough to justify all that had been done. "Master—" "—Don't call me Master, I haven't been your master in a long time.” " Obi-wan Kenobi ," Anakin amends, his eyes so direct and so clear it still hurts to look into them. "You have every right not to trust me and I cannot begin to make amends for what I have done. What you tried to prevent so desperately was all at my hands--but I have grown, through my loss...I now know the force." They have both changed in the span of ten years: Obi-wan is a father with a family, Anakin is a shadow of a man at best and a monster at worst. Obi-wan tries to rectify the man appealing to him with the brilliant student of his past, then with the broken lost soul that destroyed it all with this measured presence. It’s difficult. “…How things have changed.” Obi-wan surmises at last, taking another sip of tea. Notes: Part two and three are both missing a few things, but here's to hoping I can get them posted up sometime? They are definitely more lighthearted and totally the parts I wrote first ahaha. I actually had a lot more fun conceiving different ways the world would have changed if Obi-wan had been around to occasionally roll his eyes because I'm so thirsty give me back Ewan Mcgregor please.