Escaping He knew they were coming for him, and he knew that they would not be merciful if they caught him. There was nowhere to run in this hell hole filled with wires and computers, so his only option was to hide. The only plausible place was among the wires; they would probably never check if he imbedded himself between the circuit boards. It was a good thing he was skinny, he thought to himself as he slid between the rows. As tactfully as he could without being electrocuted, he pressed himself against the wires. The door was kicked open and he could hear the Judge’s footsteps enter the room. He flinched at the noise. His heart was pounding, and he tried to quiet his breathing as he heard them approach closer and closer to his position. He squeezed his eyes shut and waited. Suddenly, he was being grabbed from the circuit boards by the male Judge, and his composure broke. “No, no!” He screamed as he was dragged out into the open. “No, please don’t shoot me - please don’t shoot me. I’m not armed, I’m not-“ he spewed as the man pressed him against the smooth metallic side of the same circuit boards he had hidden in. “I - I - I can help you,” he said, trying to bargain for his own life. “How?” The Judge growled. The man was holding a gun to his head, and it was sending him into hysterics. He could hardly get the words out due to hyperventilation. “Mama’s in her private quarters, but it’s behind ten inches of steel. You can’t get in there without the keypad combination; I - I - I can give that to you,” he continued, eyes closed and praying they would listen to his logic. The man pulled him away from the metal wall, and the woman Judge stepped forward. “I don’t need your cooperation to get the combination from you,” she said, placing her left hand against his cheek. Techie hung his head, knowing that he would probably be dead in the next second or two. He had been used by many people, and now he would die. There was a pause, each second that passed making him more and more resigned to the fact that his life was about to end. The girl’s hand dropped from his cheek, eyes sympathetic as she said words that Techie had not anticipated. “Go. Get out of here.” A moment of disbelief passed over him, but it was only a very short moment. Instinct had taught him to not hesitate to do something in order to survive. In the few short moments it took him to process the words, he turned around and ran, somehow knowing that the two Judges would take care of Mama. He did not look back. Even with his knowledge of the layout of the building, it still took him awhile to reach ground level. It was a lot of distance to traverse, after all, and the elevators were not working. He burst through the door, his breath catching in his throat when he saw the sight of a body splat on the sidewalk in front of him. Easily he recognized it as the body of Mama. Far from being disgusted at the sight of a broken and bleeding body, he was actually supremely relieved. Finally he was free from Mama’s terrifying reign. Often, he had imagined what he might do if this moment ever came. Before, if he had tried to leave, if only his room in the building, Mama’s muscle would come and stuff him back inside, efficiently making escape impossible. But he had imagined what he might do for so long, fantasized about it so much that he actually had a plan of action for escaping this disgusting hell hole of a planet. First, he needed to locate an intergalactic data pad. The closest one was in the Interstellar Communications Corporation building. Thankfully, it was only a very few short blocks away. - Hux looked down at his data pad, eyebrows furrowing as he looked at the ID of the requested face call. It was not one he knew. Still, he had nothing else to attend to at the moment, and it could be important. He pressed the answer button, eyebrows raising high in surprise at the face at the other end of the line. “Armitage!” It was his brother, but he was - well, he did not look healthy in the least. “Tiberius,” he acknowledged, with a tinge of concern in his voice. He hadn’t spoken to his twin in a very long time. Close to ten years. “Why have you called? Are you alright?” Despite the time and the distance, he and Tiberius had always been very close. He did not like the look of malnourishment on his brother’s face. Tiberius’ face broke, eyes darting downward as his dry lips formed a grimace. He looked on the verge of tears, eyes bloodshot and red-rimmed. “No,” he choked, a few tears escaping from the corners of his eyes. “No, I -“ his voice broke again. “I need your help. Please come get me.” “Of course,” Hux immediately agreed, “where are you?” “I’m, um, Earth. Hold on, I’ll give the coordinates.” He listed them off, and Hux recorded that part of the message to refer to later. “Alright, I’ll be there shortly. Will you be okay until I arrive?” He watched his brother’s uncertain face as he pondered the question. “I - I can try,” he told the floor. Hux nodded shortly. “Do see to it. I will see you shortly.” With that, he terminated the message. It would be hard to find someone to go and collect his brother; every single person aboard this vessel was essential to the working order of this ship. Furthermore, he could hardly send a regular stormtrooper for the job, and Phasma was busy training the new troops. Mitaka was an orderly, but Hux did not trust even him with his brother’s protection. He could not abandon his ship, so . . . he was out of options. Who could he send that would not disrupt the flow of the ship . . . ? That’s when the idea hit him, but he did not know if it was such a good one. Kylo Ren was volatile at the best times, and he rarely ever listened to orders. Still, he was the only person whom Hux could send that would not throw a hinge in his plans. And although he did not trust Ren’s judgement, he did trust his sheer brute strength. He, at least, would allow for no harm to come to Tiberius. - Kylo was in the middle of meditating when he was disturbed by the notification noise of his data pad. He opened his eyes and contemplated the illuminated screen, wondering who it was contacting him. As he knew it, there was no one who required him in any capacity currently. Still, he slowly unfolded from his meditation pose, taking a few long seconds to stretch and rise to his feet. He picked up the data pad, surprised to see that the missive had come from General Hux. Or perhaps, he was not surprised. That man was the only one who would dare disturb him when he was not expecting it. He clicked open the message, scanning it briefly. Hux wanted to meet with him privately in the conference room on deck five - in fifteen minutes. He was also, Kylo amended, the only man who would give him such short notice (save, of course, Supreme Leader Snoke). Despite his feelings on the matter, he donned his robes and mask, knowing that the man would not summon him if it were not important and urgent. He made his way to the conference room, stepping inside and listening to the soft swish of the automatic doors close behind him. The General was already there waiting for him, standing on the other side of the conference table. “You wished to speak with me, General?” Hux nodded, eyes as cold and hard as always. “I have a mission for you,” he said, getting straight to the point. Beneath his mask, Kylo’s eyebrows raised. The words were extremely presumptuous, coming from Hux. The man had never sent him on a mission before. Of course he tried to give Kylo orders all the time, but he hardly paid them any heed. “Excuse me? I am your equal, and I have no compulsion to do as you say.” His voice crackled in anger through the vocoder. Any other time, the words would have made the General irate, but now he just looked . . . resigned. “Kylo, I am not here to argue. I need you to do this for me.” It was not an explanation. Kylo crossed his arms, becoming more angry but trying to contain himself. “Why should I?” “Because you are the only one who can.” The words were piercing, and there was a pause for a moment. “What’s the mission?” Not that he was going to actually do it. “I need you to collect someone from a planet for me.” “A rebel? An ally?” “No. Someone important to me.” The words were defensive, as if Hux expected Kylo to contradict him. “When you collect him, you are to be civil and . . . gentle.” He said the last word as if it were dragged from him by force. Kylo didn’t know what was more surprising; that the General had someone ‘important to him’, or that he wanted Kylo to ‘be gentle’ with him. Still, he owed nothing to this man. “If I do this, what will you give me in return? I don’t work for free, Hux.” “What do you want?” Hux asked immediately. Kylo could feel relief permeate the air around him - relief that Kylo was willing to go in the first place? He thought about it, but he truly didn’t know. Being trained in the Force, he had given up indulgences and physical comforts. “I don’t know. I’ll get back to you on that later. Where do I pick this person up?” - He had given the coordinates to the place he was staying, but he was getting anxious the longer he stayed there. There was always the possibility that some of Mama’s gang had survived and were on the search for him. Maybe he would still be tied to her even when she was dead. The thought sent shivers of horror through him. In a message he had sent earlier, he had given Armitage a meeting place and times that he would wait. It was in a nearby park reserve, right next to the ship landing pad for easy transport. As it was about time, he made his way there, enjoying the sight of trees and the slight reprieve from the artificial light of buildings. When he approached the meeting point, a bench along the path, he found that there was already someone sitting there. Techie hoped that the man wouldn’t mind him sitting beside him, because if he did then he would no doubt be in trouble. The man looked terrifying; his body made of muscle and his eyes sharp enough to kill. It made him more than slightly nervous. Thankfully there was a shower that he had taken advantage of in the place he was staying, and he had been able to wash his only pair of clothes as well as himself. It had been a long time since his hair had been anything other than greasy. He grew closer, and the man looked up shrewdly to survey him. The man looked a bit shocked at his appearance. He was staring at Techie’s face, and it was making him more than mildly flustered. He was just about to ask if he could sit, when the man spoke first. “Tiberius?” He asked, voice much deeper than Techie would have suspected of him possessing. Shocked at hearing his given name from this stranger’s mouth, his mouth fell open and he stuttered a bit. “I - I, u-um, yeah, I’m Tiberius. But how . . . ?” “Hux sent me.” It took him a moment to process before he realized that the man was referring to his brother. Once he understood, he gave a sharp nod of confirmation. “oh - Armitage,” Techie provided in clarification, visibly relaxing at the information. This guy was here to bring him to his brother, then. The man rose from the bench, and they began walking in the direction towards his ship. Despite the reassurance that he was finally being taken to his brother, he still felt monumentally nervous that something or someone would stop them. That he wouldn’t be able to leave, and that he would be stuck on this planet, in his room of computers and wires for the rest of his life. Thankfully, his fears did not come true at all, and they arrived at the man’s shuttle without much fanfare. He took a seat, feeling a little less uneasy as the doors closed and the man piloted them away from the planet and into space. Now that his nerves were starting to calm, it only now occurred to him that he did not know the name of the man who had come to collect him. Still, he didn’t know if he should ask. He should have asked the first time they met. Wouldn’t it seem a bit rude to ask now? The line of thought was rendered obsolete, because from the cockpit, the man called; “My name’s Kylo Ren, by the way.” That was pretty much the last thing either of them said for the rest of the journey. - This was the meeting spot, at the proper time. He had gotten here a bit early, but there really wasn’t much else to do other than wait. Hux hadn’t given him a picture to go by in order to find this guy - just a name: ’Tiberius’. He honestly didn’t know why the man had been so stubborn about that. Kylo had asked how he would know if he had the right guy. Hux had merely said “you will know when you see him”. And know him he did. He heard footsteps, saw a garishly yellow shirt from the corner of his eye. He looked up, taking in the long ginger hair, the sallow cheeks, the overly-large irises. But the face. His face was perfectly identical to Hux. It was - surprising, to say the least. Still, he had to make sure. “Tiberius?” Once he made sure he had the right guy, he informed him that Hux had sent him. He had a blank look before he realized who Kylo was referring to. Before now, he had forgotten that Hux must have a first name. Of course it would be something ridiculous like ‘Armitage’. He was definitely going to use it for blackmail. Even more interesting, however (but now much less unexpected now that he had seen the proof with his own eyes), was the confirmation that ‘Armitage’ and Tiberius were brothers. Of course neither had told him, but it was easy to read from Tiberius’s scrambled thoughts. To be honest, Kylo had also conveniently forgotten that Hux might have a family. Still, he led Tiberius to the shuttle and piloted them away from the planet. The further they got away from the surface, the more the man relaxed. From what Kylo could sense, the man was made of stress and anxiety much the same as Hux, except he was also steeped in fear, regret, and sadness. He wasn’t sure if he would ever want to know what Tiberius had been through. Chapter 2 : Arrangements Notes: Thank everyone so much for the comments and kudos! To everyone who is excited and wondering where this story is going - well, I'm figuring that out as I go as well, haha. But oh man, I'm laying my plans and - well, strap in your bootstraps cause this is gonna be a wild ride, I can tell already - Whooooo boiiiiiii The trip to Armitage’s base was surprisingly not far. It only took a couple of hours to get there, and Techie slept for most of that time. He hadn’t had the privilege to nap when he had been . . . working for Mama. He was asleep on the couch when they arrived in the hangar bay, and he was awoken by a gentle shake to his shoulder. Normally people did not touch him under any circumstance, so he woke up more than a bit disoriented and heavily confused as to who was touching him. It turned out to just be Kylo, informing him that they had arrived. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes, ignoring how irritated they felt. It was a constant occurrence for his eyes to itch and burn. They had no doubt been slightly infected ever since Mama had gauged his eyes out and replaced them with bionically enhanced ones. Shaking the thoughts away, he sat up and stretched. There was a resistance to his muscles, but he had gotten used to it a long time ago. Normally he would simply sleep on the floor in the computer room on top of a few blankets and pillows. It had not been the best situation. Kylo led him out of the ship and into the hangar bay. He looked around, taking in the number of ships, how large the whole room was. Techie knew of course that Armitage ran a base where he was technically in charge of everything, but the monumental scale had not been made clear to him until now. If only he had contacted his brother before, he probably would have been able to come and extract him from even Mama’s grasp with little problems. He wished he had known to ask. Even so, though, he reminded himself, just because Armitage had the means to do so, it most certainly did not mean that he would drop everything just to come rescue his pathetic little brother. As he was looking around, a skittish-looking man approached them. He stopped in front of them, sweeping his hat off from the top of his dark-colored hair. Nervously, he wrung the material out in his hands, giving a tiny bow in deference to Kylo. Was Techie right in his original supposition that he was someone to fear and respect? Something was telling him yes. “Lord Ren, Mister Tiberius,” he acknowledged, “General Hux wishes for an immediate mission debriefing in conference room four.” - “Mitaka,” Hux said, calling the man over by gesturing to him with his gloved fingers. The man scuttled over, looking a bit pale. “Yes, sir?” It came out as a squeak. “I need you to go down to the hangar bay to inform Ren where we will be meeting for his mission debrief. Tell him to meet me in conference room four when he arrives. He will have a guest with him.” “Yes, sir,” he said much more definitively, bowing shortly before leaving to do what was asked of him. Because Techie’s arrival had been so unexpected and abrupt, it was now up to Hux to find him an appropriate place to stay. Despite the massive size of the ship, there were only so many quarters that were available. None of them were empty, and few had only one person in each room. He looked through room assignments, picking out all of the ones that only had one person in them. As he had previously assumed, there was very few. There was only two men that had single quarters, but one was most clearly the preferable option. One of the men was alone due to complaints of others and poor work ethic. The other was alone due to exemplary work ethic, and was elevated for privilege. Hux remembered when he had assigned the man single quarters; he had been kissing up to him in front of the new recruits, which set a good precedent. It was not a decision at all to place Tiberius in Trooper 2278-C’s room. Once he had sent a notice to the trooper’s data pad about the assignment, he made his way to conference room four. It was about time for his brother to arrive. - The hallways aboard the ship were a complex web of corridors, so it was very lucky that he Kylo to guide him to where he was supposed to be. He was excited to see Armitage after such a long time, and he could feel his heart beat picking up at the thought of it. It was a bit of a long walk from the hangar bay to conference room four, but it still felt like a short time due to Techie’s nerves. When they arrived, he found that Armitage was already in the room waiting for them. Immediately upon seeing him, Techie’s good mood rose. “Artie!” He said, falling back to the old childhood nickname as he walked over quickly and wrapped his arms around him. Armitage felt stiff under his embrace, probably not expecting him to do such a thing. It caused a frown to pull down the corners of his mouth as he pulled away slightly. Their eyes met, and he could instantly see the concern on his brother’s face. “Toby, what happened to your eyes?” Armitage asked, hands going up to cup his cheeks. He looked vaguely horrified. Not liking the attention, he turned his face away, looking to the floor instead. “Actually, I go by ‘Techie’ now.” He said, evading the question. Armitage was obviously still very concerned, but he did not press his brother for further details. Tiberius would tell him when he was ready. Instead, he turned to the subject at hand. Which was Ren at the current moment. Surprisingly, Ren was not wearing his helmet. Perhaps he had taken it off and forgotten to put it back on. “Ren,” he began, the softness and concern that his brother had produced in him being replaced with the hard edge of the General. “I trust that you obeyed mission parameters?” Still, he was touching Tiberius with the utmost care. The question he was truly asking was if Ren had been appropriately gentle with his brother. “Of course,” Ren said, then added, “General,” as an afterthought. Disrespectful as always, then. True to his word, though, Tiberius did not seem to even be much aware of how much damage the man could cause. Therefore Hux was disinclined to believe that Ren had terrorized him. Hux’s data pad pinged with a message, but he ignored it for now. Whatever it was could wait for him to get Tiberius settled. “I have made arrangements for you. Unfortunately there weren’t many options, as we only have mostly communal quarters. However, I was able to find you a room that you only have to share with one other person.” Techie, still feeling relieved that Armitage had not pressed for information about what had happened to him, nodded gratefully. “That sounds lovely, thank you.” Hux pulled away to retrieve an extra data pad that he brought and placed on the table. “I’m giving you this in case you need to contact me for anything. There is a map of the ship that I downloaded for you.” He pulled it up and showed it to Techie. He pointed to a room on the map, “This is where you will be staying. I can get someone to show you there now if you wish. Later, when I get off shift, we can place an order for your uniforms.” It went unspoken that Techie did not have any clothes other than what he was currently wearing. Hux would not stand for that; his brother would want for nothing under his care. “We follow a simple schedule aboard the Finalizer, which you will also find on your data pad - as well as the locations to the mess hall and communal showers.” Techie paled a bit at that. “Um - communal showers?” It had not occurred to him that his brother would be put off by the thought. “You can come to my quarters to shower, then. Mine is private,” Hux quickly amended. Immediately Techie relaxed, looking relieved. He nodded quickly in agreement. “Thank you,” he said again, his voice heavily laden with gratitude. Just what had happened to his brother was unclear, but it must have been terrible if he was thanking him so passionately just for offering him basic curtesy. Still, he did not need to find out what had happened to Tiberius in order to blow Earth to stardust once his weapon was complete. He rather thought that would be a concise revenge for what the planet had put his brother through. Ren, who was leaning against the conference table silently observing them, gave him a look that said he knew Hux’s exact thoughts. And - oddly (almost terrifyingly even) - that he agreed with him. If Ren agreed with him, then it was obvious that he had seen Tiberius’s thoughts and what he had been through - and that he wanted Earth blown up as well. It sealed the thought into his mind, and he knew that the planet would be the first on his list to destroy. Techie hadn’t caught the interaction between the two at all, and was still smiling shyly in gratitude. “It is the least I could do,” Hux assured him with a soft tone, so unlike that of his persona of the General. “Now, I have to return to work. Would you like me to get Mitaka to show you to your quarters?” Techie pondered it for a moment before giving a slight nod, as if he thought that agreeing would be considered a burden. “Yes, please.” It made Hux’s heart ache more than it had in a very long while. He sent a quick message to Mitaka. Thankfully, the small man never strayed too far from the General in case he was needed. It only took him a minute or so to arrive. Clutching the data pad to his chest as if it were the most precious thing he had ever held, he quietly followed Mitaka out the door. The doors slid closed, and Hux’s sharp gaze was on Ren. “What did you see?” He asked immediately. “Nothing specific, but he has definitely suffered. Still is suffering, truly.” He looked at the closed metal doors, his mind on his brother’s infected eyes. “He needs to go to a doctor. I can arrange an appointment after my shift.” Hux said, thinking out loud. When he glanced back at Ren, the man was giving him a considering look. “What?” He asked, feeling defensive for some reason. “Nothing.” Ren said quickly. “It’s just,” he quickly amended, “I never expected you would actually be so invested in someone who wasn’t yourself.” A back-handed compliment. If it could even be considered a compliment in the first place. Immediately, Hux was offended. So, they were back to this again; fighting. “You can insult me all you want, Ren, but do not bring my brother into any of this.” The words were snapped, the tone short and cold. With that, Hux turned and left, chin and nose pointed high in the air as he did so. Kylo stood, baffled and disappointed as the door slid closed on Hux’s retreating back. He had not meant to offend the General. Not this time, at least. He sighed softly. He was too good at getting on Hux’s nerves - even unintentionally. - After storming from the room, he jabbed the message he had received earlier open on his data pad, thankful that it was from Phasma instead of some technician asking for his signature on something. Phasma was safe. Phasma always helped him calm down. Phasma was the only competent soul aboard this whole kriffing ship. She was sending him an update about incoming new recruits, who would need newly assigned quarters. Something easily done with minimal stress on his part. Stars knew that he needed minimal stress right now. Chapter 3 : Let's Kill Tonight Techie followed Mitaka - the same man that had collected him from the hangar bay - through the corridors of the ship. He would memorize the map that Hux had given him when he had the time, but for now he would rely on this lieutenant. “You’re the General’s brother, aren’t you?” Mitaka asked, looking over at him as they walked. “Um, yes. We’re twins.” “I never knew he had a sibling.” It was reminiscent of what Kylo had commented on earlier. Being his brother, it didn’t surprise him that they thought that Armitage would be an only child; he had been cold and precise at every aspect of his life since they were children. That was about the extent of his conversation with Mitaka as they made their way to his new quarters. “Thank you for showing me the way,” he said when they arrived. “It was no trouble,” Mitaka assured him. Techie entered the room, a bit scared to meet his new roommate. Mitaka was leaving before the doors even slid closed. Thankfully, though, his quarters were empty when he entered - his roommate was probably out attending to his daily duties. He was relieved that he would be able to search his new quarters without scrutiny. Despite there only being one occupant previously, there were two bunks on either side of the room. The sides of the room were completely symmetrical, save for the fact that one of those sides was so obviously occupied. The nightstand beside the military-made bed was covered with a framed picture and a journal. The open concept of the room made him more than slightly nervous. He did not like the fact that his roommate would be able to see all of his actions. Techie preferred to be alone, sequestered away where he was alone with only his thoughts. That was the only good thing about his previous arrangement - besides from when he was needed, no one would ever bother him in his room of wires. Having nothing else to do, he sat on his new bed, staring at the map of the Finalizer. It was easy to catalogue, especially with the help from his bionic eyes. He had always been good with layouts, math, code. Something like this didn’t take him long at all to memorize. After he was done with that, he went about memorizing the ship schedule. Armitage had provided him with his own schedule and the whereabouts of his quarters as well. It made him feel safe knowing that he could go to his brother at any time. It was all a very quick process, and once again he had nothing much to do. So, indulging himself again in such a short time, he curled up on the bed, data pad cradled in his arms, and fell asleep. He felt more safe and content here than he had in a very long while. - Working with Mama, living in that room of wires, he had learned to sleep very lightly. Light didn’t bother him at all due to the illuminated computer screens of where he used to sleep, and the thrum of computers was actually soothing to him. It was any sound remotely resembling the opening of a door, or the sound of another human, that made him sit straight up before he could even make the conscious effort to do so. So, that was exactly what happened when his roommate entered their now-shared quarters. The man - short cropped dark hair, tan skin, brown eyes - looked vaguely startled at first. Then, the surprise was replaced with some calculating look as his eyes catalogued Techie’s face. “So, you’re my new roommate? I got the message about the assignment.” He stepped inside and placed his trooper on his bunk as he spoke, proceeding to pull off his armor. Something in the way the man had eyed him, the sharpness of his voice, made Techie slightly uneasy. “Uh - um, yeah. I’m Techie - nice to meet you.” “It’s nice to meet you as well. I’m trooper 2278-C, but everyone just calls me ‘Connor’.” Techie nodded absently, not knowing what else to say. He wasn’t very good at human interaction. Fortunately, the man didn’t even seem to notice his awkwardness. Instead, after removing all of his armor, he turned back to Techie, staring at his his face intently. Almost involuntarily, Techie jerked his head to the side, letting his hair cover most of his face. He hated it when people so much as glanced at him - it outright made him distressed when he was the pure focus of attention. “Say, you look remarkably like the General,” Connor said, his voice light. “I’m his brother,” Techie found himself relaying for the second time that day. It was getting a bit repetitive to him. He glanced up to check if the man was still staring at him, and - yes, still staring. It was making him shake a bit - just his hands. He clutched them into the edges of his yellow shirt. “I didn’t think the General had siblings.” So. Repetitive. “A common misconception.” He said concisely, voice a bit short. Connor hummed and grabbed his personal data pad, leaning back on his bunk. Techie was so relieved to be out from under his scrutiny that he almost sighed in relief. Before he could do any such thing, the door slid open, revealing his brother. Connor jumped to his feet almost instantly, standing at attention. To anyone who didn’t know Armitage as well as he did, he would have seemed completely stone-faced. But Techie could see the amusement in his face at how comical it was to see the man jump up so fast. “At ease, trooper.” Armitage finally said after a moment of staring at him. He turned to Techie, gesturing for him to follow. “Come, we are going to go place an order for your uniforms. Also, I am making a doctor’s appointment for your eyes -“ then, after seeing the look of terror that must have crossed his face, “just to get you antibiotics. You know they’re infected.” Techie looked down guiltily. He knew his brother would never bring harm to him intentionally. “Alright,” he agreed, following his brother out into the corridors and letting him lead even though he now knew where everything was located. Hux knew he could do these things easily through messages via data pad, but he found that he wanted Techie to be there when he did these things. Maybe it had something to do with trust - he wanted to make sure that Techie knew that he would do nothing but provide for him. Hux knew all the signs of abuse, having gone through them himself. The least he could was to offer Techie support. They arrived at the acquisition counter where troopers came to get their measures taken. Techie did not much appreciate having the brisk man with a sharp face touching him - even though they were simply for measurements. Still, he appreciated how professional he was - his face did not break from that unimpressed look the entire time. Besides - he had impressive short, spiky silver hair with frosted tips. Techie could respect the style if nothing else. Next came the medbay. He effectively hid behind his brother as Armitage made an appointment with the receptionist. - When Techie returned to his quarters, he entered quietly, bidding Armitage goodnight. His roommate was already asleep, so quietly and in the dark, he got into bed and pulled the covers almost entirely up over his head. Another thing he missed from his old room, he noted to himself, was the pile of blankets and pillows. This new bed was stiff and uncomfortable beneath him, and the blanket far too thin. The pillow was meager. Even with all of these factors, though, he fell asleep soundly. - He awoke pinned down, his legs held down by Connor’s hips and his hands held above his head. The room was dimly illuminated, and Connor’s eyes had a fanatically adoring look in them. Connor was the first to speak. “You look exactly like you brother,” he breathed, voice filled with adoration. A sharp terror filled him, and he struggled. He was no match for both gravity and Connor’s weight. “Get off of me!” His voice was sharp and high, filled with terror. His heartbeat had gone from resting to a high pitch. “So lovely,” Connor said, eyes on Techie’s lips, apparently ignoring Techie’s words entirely. He released one of Techie’s hands in order to trace the shape of his lips. That was his mistake. Quickly, he leaned forward and bit harshly into the meat of the trooper’s hand, causing him to curse and recoil. With the distraction, Techie lowered his head and rammed the top of it straight into Connor’s nose. The man roared in pain, jerking back and away, both hands pressed to his nose. Techie took the opportunity to shove the man off of him with both hands, pushing hard enough to send him toppling off of Techie’s bed. Jumping up, he kneed Connor in his hand-covered face, kicking him in the gut for good measure. Techie had never been sexually assaulted, and he certainly would not allow it to happen now. Now that the trooper was down on the ground (and would be for quite a while), he grabbed his data pad from the nightstand and ran. Thanks to his previous memorization, he knew exactly where he was headed; to his brother’s quarters. Still, he sent him a message that he was coming as he made his journey. “What’s the matter?” Armitage sent back, not even two seconds later. “My roommate tried to sexually assault me,” he sent back, stopping in the corridor, realizing that Armitage would no doubt want to come to him. True to his thoughts, he received, “I’m on my way.” - His reputation as a workaholic was founded in a basis of truth; even after his shift he went about doing paperwork. He was settled down on his bed, assigning quarters for the new troops, when he got a message from his brother. It was late, and no doubt Tiberius would be tired from all that he had been through. Something must have happened. Hux messaged back quickly, concerned. When his brother told him what had happened in a short message, he was immediately blindingly irate. He sent a quick message, already out the door. Even though he did not think he needed backup, he still sent a message to Ren to meet him at Tiberius’s quarters. He would deal with 2278-C himself. - Ren was quite happily asleep. That is, he was quite happily asleep before the notification sound from his data pad woke him up. He sat up and glared at the screen that said he had a message from the General. Still, it was the middle of night shift, so he was curious as to what the General would be messaging him about. Of course the message didn’t contain any context - only orders. If he wanted to find out what the kriff was happening then he would have to do as told. He hated it when Hux did this to him. Begrudgingly, he got up and put on his robes. Hux had ordered him to come to his brother’s quarters - who had never seen him with a mask. Tiberius wouldn’t know that it was Ren if he wore the mask. He sighed before voluntarily leaving his mask behind in his quarters. - If it had been timed, then Hux would have broken the record for crossing the Finalizer in the least amount of time as possible. As it stood, Hux did not beat any records, and the only award he was receiving was to punish a swine of a trooper for daring to touch his baby brother. When he arrived, Ren was just arriving as well, once again without his mask. He was wearing a scowl instead. “Why did you drag me out of bed, General?” He grumped, voice deep with sleep, hair ruffled and curly as well. Hux acknowledged briefly that Ren looked attractive, but it was nothing but a cold observation. He didn’t even pause as he opened the door to the quarters. “My brother was a victim of attempted sexual assault,” he said primly. Connor sat on his bed, nursing his bleeding nose and hurting ribs. He looked up sharply as Hux and Ren entered, panic coming into his eyes. He opened his mouth to speak, but before any sound could come out, Hux slapped him cleanly across the mouth - effectively silencing any words. Now he had a busted lip to go with a bloody nose. But Hux did not stop there. He pulled back and cocked him in the jaw so hard that there was a pop of a dislocated jaw, and he went flying to floor. Once he was on the floor, Hux pinned his boot to the man’s throat, as if he were doing no more than stepping on a cockroach. “You touched my brother,” Hux began, his entire demeanor godlike in his fury. “And for that, you will never touch anything ever again.” He stepped down on the man’s throat with all of his might, hearing the man choke and sputter as he felt his trachea collapse under the weight of his foot. It felt like power. Techie, who had made his way back to the room slowly once Armitage had told him he was coming, stood in the doorway, looking on with apathy. Hux stepped away and turned towards him. “You did quite a number on him. I’m proud.” Techie’s eyebrows rose at the words, mouth tilting up in amusement. “We both did. The throat-crushing was a nice touch, I think.” Kylo, who was watching the whole exchange, was increasingly exasperated with both of them. First with Hux - he had not suspected the man of such brutality. Then with Tiberius - he was so fragile and delicate in both appearance and in mind that he had expected an overly emotional response from the man. Not this understated acceptance. For his part, though, Techie was completely unfazed. He had seen much violence when working for Mama, after all. It took much more than this to affect him. Hux sighed, breaking his reverie. “I suppose I’ll have to come up with new accommodations.” “Oh, can I not stay in this room alone?” It was a valid question. “Actually, there are new incoming troops. Too many to place even in the communal quarters. I have to place you with someone . . . less than adequate. After what has transpired here, though, I feel that he will not step out of line.” Techie’s eyebrows furrowed. “But how will anyone know what’s happened?” Without a word, Hux held his data pad up and took a picture of Connor’s mangled body, putting a description and posting it to the ship-wide channel. “Oh,” he said eloquently, just as a new message popped up on his own data pad. The picture of Connor’s dead body. They both looked over as Kylo walked further into the room, going to Connor’s nightstand. He picked up the journal laying there, flipping through it. After reading a few passages, he looked up, eyes dark with some inexpressible emotion. “I know why he did it.” “Why?” They asked at the same time, voices mingling and blending. “He was obsessed with you, Hux. Wanted to ‘lick your boots while you insulted him’,” Kylo read distastefully. “I wish I had made him suffer more,” Hux sneered thoroughly disgusted by the corpse on the floor. “What, you’re not into that?” Techie teased, speaking up. His twin’s nose crinkled further in disgust. “I have standards, Tiberius.” “As do I, obviously. Anyway, where are my new quarters?” Chapter 4 : Chapstick, Among Other Things Notes: Okay, so thank everyone so much for the lovely comments and kudos that I have been receiving. Especially to Vriss, because they left a lovely critique on my fic! (Seriously, bless you). So, as I write this I keep receiving more and more crazier plans for it. Oh dear, like, very crazy. This chapter is more staging and character background (if that's what you would call such a thing?) Anyway, I'm rambling - no, but trust me, this will get more interesting. Just thinking about it gives me heart palpitations. Okay, so, enjoy :D Oh! And please excuse any grammar or spelling mistakes - I haven't a beta reader Armitage pointed out Techie's new quarters on the map, which was in the opposite direction of his own. It made Hux slightly uneasy that he would be even further from his brother than before - especially after what had transpired this night. “Do you need someone to come with you?” Hux asked. Techie shook his head. “No, I know where to go. I don’t want you to lose anymore sleep because of me than you already have.” “Losing sleep hardly concerns me if it is to make sure that you are safe.” It was the most sentimental thing that Kylo had ever heard Hux say. Tiberius did not seem to appreciate it, though; he just looked vaguely uncomfortable and disgusted by Hux’s words. “Don’t be gross,” Techie said, giving a small grimace. He had lasted this long without his brother, and he wouldn’t start being needy now. Hux caught Ren’s eye, sending him a look that conveyed that he wished to speak with him afterwards. Catching the look that they shared, Techie excused himself, making his way to his new quarters by himself. As it was in the the middle of night shift, there weren’t many troopers about, and it was mostly cleaning droids he came into contact with. He was glad for it; he didn’t want anymore excitement for very long time. When he arrived at his new quarters, he slipped inside, noting that his roommate did not stir at his entrance. The rhythm of his snoring didn’t even stutter - Techie was mildly impressed. Like his last arrangement, both sides of the room were symmetrical, exactly the same set up as the last quarters. Just as the other one, the other bed was obviously unoccupied. He slipped under the the covers, hoping that maybe this time nothing bad would happen. - “Help me make sure that this never occurs again,” Hux said immediately after Techie left. He was still very much on edge, furious that anyone would dare to touch his little brother. The only reason he had let his brother leave was because he trusted him to take care of himself; he had defended himself earlier, after all. He glared down at the dead body, only disappointed that he had not allowed the man to suffer to his full potential. He wished he could give the man a thousand deaths; feel his throat collapse over and over again beneath his heel. Kylo could feel the hatred pour off of Hux, knowing that it was purely on his brother’s behalf. It was, he found, incredibly endearing to him. Not that he would ever admit that to himself or anyone else. “Of course, General.” He said it quickly, definitively. The words made Hux look up sharply, eyes shrewd. Ren had never agreed to any of his orders so tacitly. It was more suspicious than refreshing. Ren had been agreeing and obeying him more often when it came to Tiberius, and he couldn’t help but see the relation. His eyes narrowed at the Knight, his mouth thinning into a line. “Do you like him?” Hux said, voice full of mistrust. If it were true, then it might prove to be good for all of them - after all, Hux could hardly be upset over Ren wanting to protect his brother. Still, he knew what a handful the man could be and how unpredictable he was, so it might not be such a good idea after all. He could hardly place his brother with such a volatile man. “I have no reason not to like him. However, if you are asking in a sexual or romantically-inclined sense, then no, I do not ‘like him’.” Kylo said, stilling Hux’s thoughts. Hux did not know why he felt very relieved all of a sudden. That said, however, he was still confused as to why Ren had . . . taken an interest. “Why are you helping me when it comes to him, then?” Kylo considered the question, looking at Hux intently. “He’s a good person who has been through a lot. He deserves better.” Before Hux could even think through the words, Kylo was turning and walking out the door. He was left alone, the only thing left to do was to tidy up. He messaged the cleaning droids and promptly turned to leave as well, still thinking about what Ren had said. Just what had he seen in Tiberius’s mind? - He got up at the usual time, the lights scheduled to automatically illuminate the room at exactly one hour before his shift started. It was scheduled so early because it usually took him half that time to actually get out of bed. The lights came on and he pulled the pillow over his head, really not wanting to get up. It would not be worth a sick day to go back to sleep though, so after about ten minutes he rolled over and sat up. Only to find the bed opposite him occupied. For a moment he panicked, heart rate skyrocketing as he viewed the blanket-covered lump with long red hair. When he had acquired this new bunk-mate, he did not know. The man had not been there when Matt had gone to bed. But, if he was new, then he might have a job to get to. Matt got up, pulling his white tank on before walking the short distance over to the sleeping man. “Hey,” he whispered, his voice a bit rough from sleep. Immediately the blanket stirred, the man turned, and he was met with bright blue bionic eyes and the shine of ginger hair. He was . . . a bit shocked to say the least. In fact, he thinks that his heart stopped for a moment there. The man sat up, clutching the cover as if it were a shield of some sort. “Hi, I’m, um, I’m your new roommate,” he said, voice small and stuttering. “I haven’t gotten a notification about a new roommate,” Matt said, turning around and beginning to get ready for his shift. He pulled on his overalls, then put his glasses on. The man still sitting on the bed became more clear, every minute detail sharpening. “It was a bit of a last-minute assignment,” Techie confessed. The sight of his new roommate made him very nervous after what had happened. He was of a much bigger build than Connor, and if this man decided to attack him, then there was a minuscule chance of being able to fight him off. “Yeah, I didn’t think they would ever put anyone back with me,” he said with a snort. Immediately, he was curious and defensive all at once. “I’m General Hux’s brother,” he stated overtly, meaning it as threat. It was implied in his tone that he would not hesitate to report the man if he did one thing that Techie did not like. Matt, who was sitting on the edge of the bunk lacing his boots, looked up, squinting. “I suppose you do look like him. Don’t think I’ve ever met him in person before.” He did not seem threatened in the least, completely unbothered by Techie’s declaration. Perhaps, Techie considered, this man was not intimidated by his brother. It was either that or he did not plan to hurt him in the first place. Even so, he would not be letting his guard down again. “Do you have a job to get to? It’s almost first shift,” Matt said, lacing his other boot. “Oh, no, I don’t think so . . .” “You don’t think you have a job?” Matt teased, standing and stretching out his muscles. Techie shook his head, letting the cover fall as he sat up more fully on the bed. Though his main focus was on how big his new roommate was, his eyes skittered to focus on everything but the man. He caught glances of his muscled arms through his peripherals. “So, if you have nothing else to do, then you could come with me if you want. I could show you around a little bit,” Matt said, finishing his stretching. It did sound better than staying in his room all day; there wasn’t anything he could there anyway. He would have to ask Armitage for a proper setup later. For now, he would go with Matt. He got up and put on his own shoes, having not changed out of his clothes last night. Once he was ready, Matt led him out, taking him through the corridors that he had memorized only such a short time ago. “My job is pretty boring despite the fancy title of ‘technician’. All I do is go through the ship wherever my boss tells me to and fix the wiring where it needs,” Matt was saying as they walked through the hallways. Techie found that the more the man spoke, the less he found him as a threat. He supposes that someone who looks like Matt, which is to say goofy, the less self-confidence he possesses. The less self-confidence either increases the chances of attack or decreases them, depending. In this case though, Techie didn’t truly see him as a threat. Usually, sexual predators would try to hide their actions, minimize their victims. Matt was doing the opposite just by inviting him to come see the ship with him. Still, he was not about to let his guard down. He feared he never would be able to. As they walked down the corridor, they approached an open control hatch with what looked like an angry black woman dressed in technician orange standing over it with her arms crossed. “Uh, that’s my boss,” Matt said, his voice becoming significantly more quiet than just seconds ago. The woman caught Matt’s gaze from down the hallway and leveled a glare at him as they walked closer. “Matt!” She barked angrily as soon as they were in close proximity. Techie could see the larger man jump slightly out of the corner of his eye. “Yes, boss?” “You’re late. Again. I don’t know why I’m so surprised.” Matt looked down at his watch, and - yes, he was three minutes late. “I’m sorry, boss. I got a new roommate, and I’m helping to show him around. He’s new on the base.” She looked completely unimpressed. “I don’t care, Matt. That does not excuse your tardiness.” It wasn’t until the woman said his name that Techie realized that he hadn’t known it, and that he also hadn’t properly introduced himself. However, this was obviously not the best time to introduce himself. “I’m terribly sorry, Sir. He was late because of me,” Techie said, speaking up. He kept his eyes fixed to the floor, feeling uncomfortable. In any other situation, he would not have stood up to anyone. Now, though, he realized that he had a modicum of power that he did not have before, and he intended to use it. She eyed Techie, a sassy and piercing look in her eyes. “Uh huh. Don’t let it happen again.” “Of course,” Techie said, bowing his head slightly. He was used to being reprimanded. “I’ll leave you to it, then.” She said, before walking off down the corridor. “She’s grumpy in the morning before she eats her muffin,” Matt explained, setting his toolbox down beside the open panel. He then proceeded to sit down in front of it, then reached inside and began to fiddle with some wires. Techie hesitated a moment before sitting down next to him, peering inside the hatch curiously. “What are you doing?” “I’m rewiring the calcinator. It’s hard, though, because I have to keep track of the wires individually.” “Oh,” Techie said vaguely, his own eyes keeping track easily. “Can I try?” He asked when it was obvious that Matt was getting a bit frustrated. The small wires were slipping through his large fingers. Matt breathed out a sigh of frustration, nodding. “Sure,” he said, moving out of the way for Techie. For him, it was easy to crisscross the wires, making sure they were put precisely where they were meant to be. It might have been hard work for someone who did not have his bionic eyes; they easily matched the wires with their proper plug-ins. It took barely five minutes. “Done,” he chirped, sitting back from the panel. Matt looked skeptical at first, leaning forward to inspect his work. He pressed a button, and something began to whir. He looked back at Techie, amazement and wonder in his eyes. “You did it!” “I know,” Techie said, a bit smug and happy that he had done so. Really, though, this kind of thing was basic knowledge to him. Matt closed the hatch and screwed the bolts back into place, all the while stealing glances at Techie as he did so. After that, he stood and offered a hand to Techie. He took it and let Matt pull him to his feet. “My name’s Matt, by the way. I don’’t think we ever properly introduced ourselves earlier.” They hadn’t. “I’m Techie. Or at least, that’s what I go by.” Matt led them to the next location, and with Techie’s help, they got quite a lot accomplished that day. Techie was halfway down a panel in the floor, upside-down, with Matt hanging onto his hips when his brother made an appearance. His partially baggy yellow shirt had ridden up more than halfway up his torso, revealing everything from his lower stomach to just below his chest. “Tiberius,” Hux said in a soft tone, not wanting to startle his brother when he was in such a delicate situation. Techie looked up, taking notice of Armitage. “Hey, General,” Techie said, saying the honorific just to tease, “Your ship is looking spick and span thanks to me. I’ve been doing repairs all day.” As he spoke, he arched up, Matt grabbing his arms and helping him up from the panel. He put the tool he was using back into the toolbox. Hux furrowed his eyebrows, not liking the fact that Tiberius was working when he should be getting rest. “You shouldn’t have. Now come along; your appointment is in ten minutes.” Techie nodded, wiping the thin veil of sweat from his forehead. He hadn’t had much physical work in a long while, as he had mostly been cramped up in his small computer room. He rose, wiping the grease from his fingers onto his loose jeans. Hux grimaced as he viewed the action and the stains left on the material. Thankfully, Tiberius would be receiving new clothes shortly in the next hour or so. He noted to himself that if his brother was going to continue working on the ship like this, then he would be needing a set of Technician overalls. Hux put his foot down with the orange vest, though; it would look garish with Tiberius’s complexion. Matt, for his part, was mildly surprised that his roommate had been telling the truth about his connection to the General. Then he rethought it; the small guy didn’t seem like the type to be very deceitful. Hux led Techie through the corridors to the medbay, leaving Matt behind to fix the wiring beneath the paneling in the floor. As they walked, Ren passed them wearing his full mask and robes. Techie, having never seen him with his mask on, actually swiveled his head as the man walked past. “Who is that?” He asked. “That,” Hux said in a clipped tone, “is Lord Ren.” “Oh. Why is he wearing a mask?” “That is simply how he usually dresses.” “So he took off his mask for me when we first met? Why would he do that?” “He wears the mask because it makes him more intimidating. He’s not used to not being intimidating, and collecting you was a mission that he was not used to. He didn’t wear the mask because he did not want to seem intimidating,” Hux explained as they walked. Techie glanced at Hux’s side profile, a bemused expression on his face. “Something tells me that he is not a very nice person. At least, not usually.” Hux turned to him, mouth turned up at the corners in a smirk. “That assumption is correct.” They arrived at the medbay, and Techie was taken in for his appointment. The doctor assessed his eyes, gently maneuvering his head this way and that with a soft grip to his chin. She then prescribed him two weeks worth of antibiotics and told him to take them regularly, and to come back if anything changed, etc. After that, Hux took him to the requisition counter to pick up his uniforms. There were multiple sets of everything; shirts, pants, briefs, and socks. All of them were in military black - all except the briefs, which were in First Order red. Techie raised an eyebrow at Hux, holding up a pair of the red briefs. “Trust me,” Hux said instead of explaining, “they look and feel much better than regulation.” He just shook his head at his brother, letting the briefs fall back into the pile of clothing. They placed the uniforms in a paper bag and made their way back to Techie’s quarters. In the corridor, just out of the corner of his eye, Techie thought he could see the silhouette of Kylo. It could have just been his imagination, though. He didn’t get to turn around and look, because suddenly he was being distracted by Armitage. “Tiberius!” He said the name like he was shocked and disappointed. Techie turned to look at him, eyes wide. “What?” Hux stopped in the middle of the hallway, placing the bag momentarily on the ground. Techie stopped with him. “What?” He repeated. “Your lips are chapped,” he stated, reaching into the pocket of his greatcoat and pulling out a small jar. Promptly, he unscrewed the lid and dipped his finger inside, using his other hand to hold Techie’s chin. Carefully, he applied the chapstick, gliding the gloss over his lips with a finger. He was simultaneously startled, but not surprised at the proceedings. His brother had always been like this; controlling and overly-caring. Techie had never minded; he actually liked feeling taken care of. Plus, his lips truly had been chapped. “Thank you,” he said as Hux pulled away, rubbing his lips together. “Of course. You now have a standard to maintain now that you are the brother of a General,” Hux said, grabbing the bag of clothes so that they could continue their journey. Techie rolled his eyes as they made their way down the hallway once more. “Shut up Artie, you pretentious ass.” Hux scoffed, but did not reprimand him. Once they were at Techie’s quarters, Hux bid his farewells and left, leaving Techie to place all of his new items into the drawers of his nightstand. Chapter 5 : You'd Think The World Was Ending Notes: Well, this honestly was a longer chapter than intended. And honestly, the characters surprised me more in this chapter than I expected. Oops, well, that happens sometimes. Still, it suits my purposes for where I'm leading this ;p When Hux had asked him to make sure that Tiberius would never be put in a dangerous situation, he had taken the request quite seriously. So seriously, in fact, that he had decided to keep tabs on him throughout the day to make sure this new roommate was safe. He was not doing this for Hux, he assured himself. It was merely because he could see some of himself in the boy’s tortured mind. He too felt as if he could barely control anything. No, this was purely for Tiberius’s sake. The first time he checked in on Tiberius, he was speaking with his roommate, and they seemed to be getting along quite well. They didn’t even seem to notice him. He scanned Matt’s thoughts, and he found nothing that would indicate any violent thoughts or any potential wrong-doing towards Tiberius. Still, he would do better than take that at face value, and continue to monitor them throughout the day. The second time he came to check in on Tiberius, he found that the General had already beaten him there - he picked up thoughts of doctor’s appointments and new uniforms from the man’s thoughts. He passed them in the hallway, stopping just around the corridor to hear their conversation. It was blatant eavesdropping, but he couldn’t bring himself to care. Tiberius was asking who he was - which made sense, because he had never seen him while he was wearing his mask. Then, as Hux was answering, some emotion flittered and sparked across the Force - it was unidentifiable, but it burned hot and fierce before it mellowed out into something more resembling his usual irritation with Kylo. It was not new - it seemed that Hux was usually always at least partially angry with him - or about his person even in vague reference. It had been that way ever since they had met. The third time he saw Tiberius that day was after Hux had taken him to his doctor’s appointment and picked up his uniforms. The General was now escorting his brother back to his quarters. It seemed that neither of them took notice of him - especially when Hux proceeded to put the bag of clothing on the floor and forcibly applied chapstick to his brother’s lips. For Kylo, it was as if time had stopped. There was something heart-warming and sweet about how much care and attention Hux bestowed upon his brother, and he honestly couldn’t believe what he was seeing. That Hux even had a brother had surprised him - and it was completely jarring to see that he obviously bestowed so much care and consideration for him. Before, and even now, all he could think of the General was his frigid and unbending behavior. His strict posture, his rigid control. Now, though, it was as if seeing an entirely different person. At least, only when he was in the proximity of his brother. He was still as strict as before on the bridge. They were standing so close, obvious care in both of their eyes. Tiberius’s eyes held a bit of shock, and Hux’s held determination. That was perhaps the key difference in the twins. Kylo moved on. - “Hey, you said that your brother is General Hux, right?” He had been in from work for a while now. Techie was averting his eyes as the man stripped off his overalls, which left him in his white tank and boxers. It was strange to hear his last name with the title. Techie nodded slowly. “Yeah.” “Well, General Hux works with Kylo Ren, right? So, what’s he like? Have you met him?” Techie blinked at the barrage of questions, unsure which to answer first. He just went with the last one. “Yeah, I met him once or twice. My brother says he’s not a nice person, but he was pretty alright to me. He wasn’t nice, necessarily, but he wasn’t a complete ass.” Matt nodded in acceptance, gaze intent as if he were hanging on Techie’s every word. “Do you know what he looks like? Under his mask, I mean?” “Umm, yeah. Dark hair, brown eyes. He has a bit of an uneven jaw.” Matt seemed surprised quite a bit by this. His eyes were comically wide. “How’d you get to see his face?” “The first time I met him, he wasn’t wearing a mask. Armitage told me that he didn’t want to frighten me when he picked me up.” “Who’s Armitage?” He asked, completely butchering the name as he said it. “Armitage,” Techie repeated slowly, “is my brother.” “Oh. General Hux.” After that, the conversation devolved into small talk. - As Hux was walking back down the corridor, he spotted Ren’s menacing form walking toward him. Before he could pass, Hux pressed a hand to his chest, effectively halting him in the middle of the hallway. “You were watching him today.” “You told me to make sure that he was never placed in a dangerous situation again.” Hux nodded in acceptance, eyes sharp even as he stared at Kylo’s visor. “Report.” Then, he looked around, and, upon seeing that they were not alone, he revised, “But not here. Come to my office.” They both made their way to Hux’s private office, walking side by side silently. Kylo’s legs were longer, but Hux held a more clipped stride. When they entered, the door slid closed and presumably locked itself. This was one of the only places on the ship that Hux had complete control over, other than his quarters, and only he held the unlock sequence. Well, Hux and Kylo both, as Kylo could override pretty much every code with the Force. In the hallway, Hux had been as rigid and firm as always, fully portraying the General persona that he held. Now, though, behind locked doors, he allowed himself to relax ever-so-partially. Even so, he was an extremely far cry from how he had been with his brother only just earlier. Surprisingly, when they entered, Hux did not go behind his desk to sit. Instead, he stood just in front of it, facing Ren expectantly. “I have surveyed Tiberius and his new roommate three times today, and have found nothing in Matt’s mind that might preclude violence towards his person.” Kylo said promptly. As he spoke, Hux’s face got a pinched look that conveyed quite clearly that he ‘hated Kylo’s damn mask, I wish he would take it off so that I could read him better’. Or Kylo might just be reading his mind - sometimes, Hux could project thoughts very clearly. In consideration, he did as Hux wished, removing his mask and placing it on the desk. Hux’s eyes twitched at the action as he watched in contempt, but he said nothing against it. No doubt he didn’t want it to scratch the expensive wood of the desk. “Good,” He said shortly, looking back up at Ren’s face. As he did so, he leaned back a bit, his posture going lax ever-so-slightly. Becoming more relaxed in his presence. “You don’t have to continue the observations so frequently, but I would like for you to continue to check in on him every so often.” He looked down, mouth turned down partially at the corners. So unlike the solid structure of the General. “I do worry about him. I didn’t know what had happened to him. I thought . . .” He trailed off, lost in thought for a moment. Then, remembering who he was speaking to, he shook his head, as if the action would dispel his thoughts. In that moment when Hux was lost, though, Kylo could finally see more than a hint of a concerned brother. Someone who truly cared and loved, and was worried. It was . . . not something he ever thought he would see from the General. Now, though - now he had seen past Hux’s persona of the General, and had viewed a person. He didn’t exactly know what to do with that information. “Nevermind,” Hux said, voice back to its commanding, snappish quality. “You are dismissed,” he said harshly, turning away as if trying to make up for his moment of weakness. What Hux was forgetting, Kylo thought as he turned to go, was that actions spoke louder than words. That he wanted Kylo to continue checking up on his brother was proof enough that he cared quite a lot for his brother. Such a fact was not so easily concealed - even if he were not a mind reader. Despite himself, Kylo was curious about the General. It was quite the shift to see the man go from cold and professional to worried brother. Yes, he was curious - and he was not good at reining in his curiosity. This, however, was something to be pursued at a later date. “Good night, General.” There was the hiss of hydraulics as he placed his helmet back over his head and swept from the room, the automatic doors swishing closed behind him with slow, underwhelming precision. - There came a buzz from the electronic pager from outside of his quarters. Hux stood from his desk, stretching out his back momentarily before making his way over to answer the door. There were only two people who would be brave enough to bother him after his shift ended. Those two people being either Kylo Ren, or his brother Tiberius. At the current moment, he did not believe that the Knight had any business with him. Sure enough, as he opened the door, he found his brother standing there looking as weak and pathetic as always. Hux was not buying it. “Get in here, then.” Techie smirked sheepishly and did as he was told. He was holding a change of clothes in his arms, and Hux knew exactly why he was here. “The ‘fresher is in there. Call me if you need anything,” he said, nodding to the said door. “Thanks, Artie,” Techie said, giving a small smile before disappearing into the refresher. Before long, Hux heard the sound of the shower, and he settled back at his desk, getting back to his paperwork. After a while, Tiberius stepped from the fresher, only a towel over his hips and over his hair. Hux turned and raised an eyebrow at him. “You’ve gone terribly soft.” It was true; Techie’s stomach was smooth, but soft in a way that revealed his lack of activity. He wasn’t bothered by it, though; even if he could have found a way to be more active on Earth, he probably still wouldn’t have. His love was of computers, and he had to be sitting still in order to use them. He crossed his arms over his chest beneath his brother’s scrutiny, a small smirk curving his lips. “So? I bet you’re not much better off. It’s simply not in our genes to be all macho.” Hux let out an indelicate snort, his eyes losing some of their sharp edge. “Trust me, I’m doing much better than you at the moment.” “So, what, are you gonna whip it out so that we can measure our dick sizes, or?” The words were said belligerently as Techie unraveled his hair from the towel, drying it a little bit before carelessly throwing the towel on the ground. Hux wrinkled his nose at the gesture, but he said nothing against it. “Shut up, you know we’ve always been the same.” It was probably disturbing on some level that that statement was true; they both knew exactly what each other looked like naked - even by simply looking in the mirror. To them, it had stopped being strange long ago. “That means that I win,” Techie said promptly, letting the towel at his hips fall as he picked up his new red briefs and pulled them on. “And where exactly is your logic in that statement?” Hux said, unfazed. “Only that if my dick is comparable to that of a General’s, then I must be doing something right. And you’re right - these briefs make my ass look amazing,” he said as an afterthought, glancing behind him to the full-length mirror. One of the only luxuries he got to have as a General. “I know,” Hux said sardonically, rolling his eyes. “It’s almost like we’re twins or something.” At Hux’s mocking tone, combined with the words, Techie’s teasing smile slowly melted as he continued to look in the mirror. It wasn’t exactly true. Not anymore. Before, before everything that had transpired . . . he could have been able to put on Armitage’s clothes and parade around as him easily, with no one the wiser. Now, though . . . Now, his irises were too big, hair too long. Not to mention the tattoo scrawled along his forehead. Hux, as if he were the mind reader instead of Ren, stood, sensing the mood change. “Toby?” The question was soft, probing. He stepped closer, seeing the distress even in his brother’s replaced eyes. He pressed a hand to his brother’s bare shoulder. “What’s wrong?” “We’re not.” Techie said. Then, as if remembering that Armitage was not a mind reader, he clarified. “Twins.” He sounded broken, his eyes going to the floor instead of their reflections. “Not anymore,” he continued, lips downturned and slightly quivering. After a moment, Hux leaned forward and embraced Techie completely, wrapping his arms around his brother’s bare chest completely. “We are twins,” Hux stated firmly, reaching up to tilt Tiberius’s head up so that he was looking at their reflections once more. “Nothing can change that. Nothing.” Still, even with Artie’s assurances, all he could see was how different they had become. He blinked his bionic eyes slowly, the irises dilating and contracting. They had been his favorite part of himself. They had been what linked him most to his brother; in his mind, at least. But now they were gone, gauged out by that hateful woman. “We look nothing alike anymore,” Techie murmured, his voice full of despair as he forcefully jerked his chin from Armitage’s grasp. A shiver worked through him; a consequence of standing in a cool room in nothing but briefs. A growing despair was rising in Hux’s chest in consequence of his brother’s melancholy. But he was a General, and he was used to fixing problems instead of wallowing in misery. He let his brother pull away from his grasp, watching him steadily and in consideration as his familiar pale form pulled on a First Order uniform. “If it bothers you, we can fix it. There are no doubt unlimited resources for cosmetic surgery at my fingertips. I can probably even find a doctor to give you organic eyes the exact same shade as mine.” It was perhaps a misuse of his power as General, but what was the use of power if he couldn’t use his right to exercise it? Techie glanced up from the shirt he was buttoning up, eyes hopeful despite how artificial they were. His fingers paused, shaking almost imperceptibly. “Do you . . . can you really do that?” Of course, he knew that his brother could. The true question he was asking was if his brother would do such a thing for him. “Of course,” Hux said immediately, not wavering in his answer. If this is what Tiberius wanted, then Hux would do anything and everything to give it to him. That had perhaps been his only one true weakness in life. Without Tiberius, he no doubt would have made himself into the perfect machine. Without even finishing the task of buttoning his shirt completely up, Techie crossed the room and wrapped his arms around his brother. “Thank you,” he said, purely grateful. It was this that Hux could never refuse; the reward of making his brother happy. They stood there for a long moment, Techie’s long damp hair brushing against his neck and collar. Then he turned his head, pressing a chaste kiss to Hux’s cheek. Afterwards, he pulled away slightly, a small but warm smile gracing his lips. “Goodnight, Artie,” he said, running a thumb over his cheek before turning and departing. The doors swished closed, and Hux didn’t even have to look around to know that his brother had no doubt left a mess. The dampness of his hair revealed the fact that Toby had used his tenuous water supply, and all he could do was roll his eyes in fondness. Even when glancing in the refresher revealed puddles of water and Tiberius’s discarded clothing. Honestly, he didn’t know why he loved him so much. He shook his head again before he set about cleaning up. - When Techie got back from his brother’s quarters, he found that, once again, Matt was already in bed. It was very apparent that the man was already deeply asleep; he was snoring loudly and his chest was rising and falling steadily from the heavy breathing. Perhaps any other person, any sane person, would have found it annoying, but Techie found it oddly . . . soothing. The snores were loud and consistent, easily measuring the passage of time. Rhythmic enough to remind him of the whirring computers that he used to sleep beside. Also, with the snoring came the obvious fact that he couldn’t ignore; by hearing Matt snoring so obnoxiously, it meant that he was too far asleep to be a threat to Techie’s person. From what he had observed from the man today, though, he didn’t exactly think of him as a threat. That didn’t mean he was going to let his guard down; quite the opposite, really. He was still very much on high alert from the attack that had taken place just the night before. He fiddled with the data pad that Armitage had given him for a moment, placing it on the floor just by his bed. He had set up a motion detector; one that would ring quite loudly if it were triggered. The only way to trigger it would be to walk anywhere parallel to his bed. With that set up, he settled into bed quite nicely. The warm water he had used in the shower, combined with Matt’s rhythmic snoring easily lulled him to sleep. Chapter 6 : You Came Around And You Knocked Me Off The Ground From The Start Summary: A look through Matt's eyes, and another meeting between Kylo and Hux. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) He woke blurry-eyed as always, still half-asleep while also scurrying to turn off that blasting annoying alarm. Of course it had already been blaring for a good five minutes, as it usually took him that long to register the noise and make himself move. By the time he had turned it off, he took note that his new roommate was already sitting up. He was sitting cross-legged, back against the wall with the covers pulled up to his chest. His bionic eyes were wide and eerily focused on Matt, giving him small shivers. This man - boy? - was nothing like his previous roommates at all. His previous roommates had all been tall, bulky, and loud-mouthed. Their mouths had been too big for their own good, really - and they certainly weren’t as tough as they liked to say. It had only taken a well-placed fist on Matt’s part to get them to shut up. Techie, though, was something different entirely. Though he was obviously . . . smaller than Matt himself, he was also the General’s brother - and that gave him protection. Not that Matt would have tried anything even if he weren’t the General’s brother. Of course he wouldn’t - hadn’t he put other men in their place for even speaking about such things? That was the point. He hardly even knew this boy, but he knew he wanted to protect him. He just looked so fragile, so delicate with his skinny and fine-boned structure, his soft-spoken words. There was something lovely, something impelling about him. Perhaps it was the way his long ginger hair fell in his face as he glanced down shyly, or maybe it was the quirk of his lips even as his eyes remained haunted. This was the General’s brother, though, and (despite previous marks on his record) he was not entirely daft. He had seen the holopic and the announcement. If he showed too much interest, anything that anyone might deem inappropriate, he too would end up like trooper 2278-C. Matt might like starting a fight every now and then, but he was not suicidal. Movement from his roommate caught his attention - he was fiddling with his data pad, tapping at it with precise, delicate fingers. Matt took that as his signal to get up and get ready for work. Surprisingly, as he did so, Techie did as well, though he was already fully dressed. His uniform was slightly rumpled from where he had slept in it. Matt tried not to find it too cute. “I thought your brother didn’t want you working on the ship? He said he wants you to rest.” It was strange to refer to the General as Techie’s brother - it seemed far too familiar. Techie rolled his artificial eyes, in the midst of opening the pill bottle his doctor provided him with. He got out the antibiotics and took them, washing them down with the glass of water he kept at his nightstand. “My brother, despite being the General, is not the boss of me. I can do whatever I want - and I want to work on the ship.” The tone was far more sure and firm than what Matt had previously heard from him, and far more petulant and mocking. He decided that he liked it. He raised his hands in supplication, a no-doubt goofy grin stretching his lips. “Alright, alright, geez. Don’t shoot the messenger. Just remind him that I what I said when he yells at you.” Techie just gave him a sassy look that had an eyebrow involved in there somewhere. They hit the mess to eat breakfast first before they made their way to work. Thankfully, they were on time this morning, and the boss lady had no reason to yell at them again. Really, Matt didn’t think it was anything personal; she really just liked to take her anger out on him. He supposed that he just had one of those faces. With Techie by his side once more, it was a very productive day, and they were both tired by the time they got back to their quarters. Techie had a big grease smudge all the way from his cheekbone down to his jaw, but he didn’t seem to notice. It was so endearing that Matt was not inclined to tell him about it. Even so, he really should get it washed off . . . “Hey,” he said as they stepped into their room, “you have something, just -“ he reached out to touch the spot and maybe wipe some of it off, but almost immediately Techie flinched his head to the side, eyes closing partially. “there,” he finished, though it was stilted. He quickly withdrew his hand. “Sorry, sorry. I didn’t mean to . . . “ do whatever had just caused - that. “I’m sorry,” he said again, emphatically. Techie opened his eyes again, turning his head to look up at Matt through his lashes. He looked wounded and wary, and was giving Matt a considering look. It made him feel absolutely wretched, what had just occurred. Like he had done something so abominable that he would never know happiness again. Slowly, Techie nodded his head, accepting the apology without words. A small relief bloomed in him at the action, but it did very little for relieving any of the tension. Thankfully, the moment was interrupted by a buzz at the door. Matt opened the door, only to come face-to-face with General Hux himself. Shit - and he had just terrorized his brother. He was so dead this time. But the General didn’t even seem to acknowledge his presence - he only had eyes for Techie. Without even asking for permission, he pushed his way inside, carrying a bag in his gloved left hand. A small dent formed in his mouth, pressing the corners down and thinning his lips as he surveyed his brother. “Tiberius,” he began, his voice displaying the sharp General for once when dealing with his beloved twin, “what in the world have you been into? You have grease on your face.” He walked forward, placing the bag onto Techie’s bunk before pulling a glove off and running it down his brother’s face. This time Techie did not flinch with the contact at all, instead looking rather sheepish when Hux pulled his hand away to show the contrast between the black grease and his pale palm. Hux just gave him an unimpressed raised eyebrow. Then, without hesitating, he promptly wiped his grease-covered hand down the front of Techie’s uniform shirt, smearing it shamelessly. “Artie!” Techie squeaked, looking in complete disbelief at his brother’s actions. “This is new! We got it yesterday!” Still, though, Matt couldn’t help note the juxtaposition between how Techie had reacted when he had almost touched him and now. Matt hadn’t even made contact, and Techie had flinched away. With his brother, though, he had no such reservations. It made him feel completely awkward and out of place - which he was. He was standing by his own bunk, feeling completely irrelevant. Though it was not a new feeling, it was by no means a good one. “It already has grease on it. Besides, that’s why I’m here in the first place.” The General’s eyes went to the bag that he had placed on Techie’s bed. “I brought you some more things.” He put his glove back on, hand now clean, and picked the bag back up to hand it to his brother. Techie opened it, pulling out technician’s overalls. He looked up quizzically, holding the uniform in one hand and the bag in another. “But this isn’t the full uniform - what about the orange vest?” Hux looked as if Techie had asked the most distasteful question possible. “Oh no, no, no. You will not be wearing such an appalling and garish color as technician orange. It would be degrading to my station and rank, as well as to your complexion.” “You’re not allowing me to wear it because it would clash with our hair?” He said ‘our hair’, because he knew what Armitage was thinking - that if anyone were to see him in technician orange, then they wouldn’t even have to imagine Armitage in such an outfit. If Techie looked bad, then so did Hux. That was just a fact of life for them. “Obviously,” Hux said, deadpan. “Anyway, since I can’t seem to keep you from working on the ship, I got you an official position as a technician as well. You can keep engineering, or you can work in coding again, if you would like.” Hux doesn’t pause, doesn’t hesitate in his wording, but there was a tightness, a tension in his jaw when he mentions coding. It’s obvious to everyone, but no one mentions it. “Thank you,” Techie says shortly, though his voice is no less sweet. “Of course,” Hux says, like it is only common sense that he should do anything for his brother. The General excused himself, and they got ready for bed in almost complete silence. “Don’t forget to take your antibiotics,” was pretty much the only thing said for the rest of the night. Neither of them brought up the incident that occurred just before Hux had made an appearance. - “Your brother is much more perceptive than you give him credit for. He’s getting suspicious about why he sees me so often. It won’t be long before he guesses that I’ve been following him, if he hasn’t already.” Ren was maskless once again at his request, his office doors locking them inside a small space of privacy. This time, though, Hux was sitting at his desk, actually getting paperwork done. His lips were pressed downward at the corners, thinned out from the pressure. His striking pale blue eyes glanced up, anything but pleased. “Perhaps you should make it a point to be more discreet, then. Isn’t it partially your job to make yourself invisible?” Like an absolute cretin, the Knight actually had the gall to snort at that. “I’m sure you would like it to be, General.” Hux refused to roll his eyes or give any other outward signal that he found the man deplorable. “I most certainly would,” he confirmed easily, his eyes an icy glacier - piercing in their gaze. Kylo wondered where the warm, caring brother had gone. Currently, Hux was all General, cold and robotic, eyes wintry. He was beginning to believe that Tiberius was the only thing that would ever be able to thaw him out - the spring to his winter. Tiberius might be the one with the synthetic eyes, but they were far more organic than Hux’s own. Yes, Tiberius could express any emotion with ease, be it happiness or misery - but Hux’s eyes were cold, hard, seemingly plastic in their unyielding fierceness. At least, they were when he was in his persona as General. Hux donned the temperament of the General as others would don a formal suit. It was uncomfortable, impersonal, and more than likely emotionally distant. All of those things encompassed the General. Now, though, he had seen Armitage; the man underneath that persona of General. He had seen the soft, warm underbelly of Hux, and Ren was trained to take advantage of weakness. And take advantage was exactly what he planned to do. “Despite the trauma, Tiberius seems to be doing very well,” he said casually, after a momentary pause. Hux had gone back to his paperwork, but he looked up curiously at his words. “Yes?” ‘Go on,’ his tone said. It was apparent that he could not resist hearing information about his brother. “He is physically capable - I watched him jump and climb up to a roof hatch today. He’s quite limber.” A curious look crossed over Hux’s face at the words, but he said nothing as Ren continued. “Emotionally, there is still turmoil, but that is to be expected.” As he spoke, Ren watched Hux click and tap at things with his stylus. Then, he realized something he had never noticed before. “You’re left handed.” It was perhaps a silly thing to notice at such a time, but there weren’t that many left handed people amongst the First Order. Hux looked up at the change of tone, an irritated expression on his face from Ren’s irrelevant outburst. A smart-ass comment was on the tip of his tongue - something along the lines of: ‘I am surprised that you can tell the difference between left and right; would you like a sticker?” Instead, all he said was, “I am aware.” He went back to his paperwork for a few long moments, leaving Kylo standing there silently. Then, only because he was watching Hux’s face intently, he swear he could see the ice crack. Just a tiny bit. A small slip in the mask of the General. Unexpectedly, Hux placed his data pad down, then stood, posture as perfect as always. When he looked at Kylo now, his glacial gaze had melted just that tiniest amount. When he spoke, it was not at all what Kylo was expecting. “When I asked you if you liked Tiberius earlier, you said that he ‘deserves better’. That’s why you treat him delicately.” Kylo blinked, keeping his face black. “Yes,” he said, unsure as to where this was going, exactly. But instead of continuing the train of thought, Hux just shook his head minutely, forcibly ending the conversation before it had even truly begun. Instead, he could feel Hux forming a better, more relevant question. The previous thought was hidden behind the hard shell of the General, making it hard for even Kylo to hold on to. “Do you know what he has gone through? He . . . hasn’t told me anything yet.” He looked regretful. Painfully so. For that small moment, the mask of the General was pulled back, but not discarded. Kylo shook his head, feeling a bit regretful himself. “No. Nothing past flashes of pain, panic, and anxiety. No hard concrete images, no specific thoughts.” Hux nodded, frosting and freezing back over at the information. “Very well. Thank you; you are dismissed.” Notes: If it hasn't been very apparent, I'm naming some chapters after song lyrics. This chapter is named from "Arms" by Christina Perri. I plan on naming more chapters after this song, so . . . is that spoilers? I feel like that just might be spoilers. If you're curious here's a list of previous chapters (that apply): Ch3 - "Let's Kill Tonight" - a direct song title by Panic! at the disco Ch5 - "You'd Think The World Was Ending" - Ghost of Corporate Future by Regina Spektor (I love her, she is my idol, my love, the light of my life) Chapter 7 : In Troubled Waters, But They're Only Thigh-High Summary: I told Vriss in a comment that once Techie finds out he has leverage around the ship that he would turn into a little shit. Be prepared for that. There is a slight incest scare in this chapter, but it's only to mess with Ren a little bit. Trust me, the twins are not like that at all. Also - this chapters song is the title of the fic itself: "Absolute Territory" Notes: As always, no beta, so please ignore spelling and grammar mistakes. I have had no sleep in the past twenty-four hours and I am on drugs because I am more than mildly sick. So, sorry if this chapter is delirious ramblings. Jeez, I hope it's not. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) He might not have the most perfect eyes, but Techie was not blind. He knows that everyone, even his brother, was walking on eggshells around him. Treating him like he was some delicate flower that needed to be protected and supported. Even Matt, who was supposedly reputable for getting rid of roommates (with methods that Techie doesn’t even know if he wants to consider), was being gentle with him. And though he truly appreciated the care and concern . . . well . . . that’s just it. He really, really didn’t. Not that he wanted anything bad to further happen to him - it was a relief when Matt’s alarms woke him, and not his own. Matt’s snoring didn’t even break rhythm at the first blaring alarm, and it seemed that he was completely oblivious to the loud, awful screech of it. It continued to ring, and Techie took matter into his own hands, turning off his own security protocols on his data pad before getting up to shake Matt awake. The cold metal of the floor chilled his feet even through his socks as he made his way over to his still-snoring roommate. He placed a hand on Matt’s arm, immediately noting how firm and muscular it was. Large too - he would only be able to fit his fingers around half the bicep even if he were to stretch his long fingers out. Even though he tried, it was hard to ignore how nice the firm muscle felt beneath his palm as he shook Matt slightly to wake him. “Matt. Hey, Matt, get up. I want breakfast, and we can’t have any if we get up late.” Matt’s response was to roll over onto his back, blinking blearily up at Techie. His face was lax from sleep, and he looked supremely stupid laying there looking up at him like that. For some odd reason, Techie found it endearing. He couldn’t help the small smile that lifted his lips at the corners. “Matt,” he repeated, “come on.” He shook the arm still in his grasp lightly for emphasis. Lightly because moving a sleepy, mostly unresponsive Matt arm was hard work; and Techie was not at all used to physical hard work. His roommate continued to blink stupidly up at him for a moment before finally moving, sitting up languidly with a roll of his back. “Alright, I’m up, I’m up. What time is it?” “About an hour before first shift.” “Mmm,” Matt hummed, rubbing his bleary eyes before standing, grabbing his glasses from the nightstand. Techie himself was not a morning person per se, but he was much more lucid than Matt. Matt fumbled and staggered and yawned. He was, in essence, a giant fumbling oaf in the morning. Once again, Techie found himself grinning at the thought. At least now he didn’t have to worry about an early morning attack - there was no way the man had enough coordination in him to even attempt to pull off such a thing. He barely even woke for his own kriffing alarm clock, for sith’s sake. They got ready in silence, only because Matt wasn’t awake enough to carry a coherent conversation. This was probably a more accurate depiction of Matt - now that he had gotten back into his routine, Techie or not, he looked dead on his feet. A shell of a person - a dead man walking. Or rather, in his case, shuffling. Techie had fight very, very hard not to laugh at him. Not out of any meanness - just because he looked so drowsy and out of sorts. With a large cup of caf, though, he slowly woke up, becoming more and more a part of the land of the living. Techie waited patiently through the process while eating his protein ration. The food on the ship wasn’t the best, but Techie really and truly could not complain. He had far more regular and nutritious meals here than back on Earth. In honesty, he would be lucky to have two meals a day there. Sometimes one, depending on Mama’s mood. After breakfast, they made their way down to work, Techie having remembered to wear his new technician overalls that his brother had so thoughtfully bestowed upon him. Sans the regulation orange technician’s vest, of course. Seeing it on Matt had him agreeing quite reverently with his twin; it truly would look appalling with their complexion. He thanked Hux for that small mercy. The Boss lady was already there, waiting for them, arms crossed and tapping her foot. Techie checked the time on his data pad - and, no - they were on time. So why was she giving them the death glare? Perhaps she hadn’t had her muffin yet. “Oh, there you are. I was wondering when you were going to show up,” she said, looking as if she were about to breathe fire from her nostrils. Beside him, even though they hadn’t technically done anything wrong, Matt shrank back, face looking apologetic. Techie glanced at him in disbelief. He could not believe - all that muscle, yet no guts to back it up. But the boss lady was still talking, and he switched his attention back to her again. “And where is your regulation technician vest? It is regulation for a reason. You might be the General’s brother, but that most certainly does not exclude you from the rules. You serve under me, and I will not tolerate poor work ethic in my division.” As she spoke, Techie became more and more angry. He was itching to put her in her place - but yelling at her or calling her slurs was not going to achieve that. None of those things were really his style anyway. He waited until she got through speaking, his own lips pressed white into a thin line. “Actually,” he began, voice filled to the brim with sass as he paused for dramatic affect, “my brother, the General, specifically said, and I quote; ‘My brother will not be wearing such a garish and appalling color as technician orange; it would be degrading to my rank and status, as well as to his complexion’.” All of this was said in the prissiest possible tone; one he knew that his brother liked to adopt as well when putting someone in their place. The woman simply stood there, expression completely shocked. “I am aghast at your tone, Tiberius. I will most definitely be reporting your insubordination to your brother.” Techie simply smiled innocently, placing his hands behind his back. “I apologize, miss. I’m sure this is all just a big misunderstanding. You’re right - my brother will surely sort it all out. Now if you’re quite done using our time, Matt and I would like to get to our jobs.” His tone was completely sweet, so sincere that it was suspicious. The words, though, were what contained the bite. Angrily, she let them go, glaring after them and grumbling under her breath. For his part, Matt was looking at Techie as if he just hung the stars and the moon. Techie caught the look and sent him a small, mischievous grin. “What - you just - you just bad mouthed the boss lady! How - I mean, why in the world would you do that? She has the ability to make our lives miserable, yah know.” Still, he looked completely enamored with what Techie had just done. Techie let out a soft giggle, covering his mouth demurely. “Who? Me? No - I was simply telling her that neither of us had done anything wrong.” He kept his voice light, innocent, his eyelashes down-swept. There was not one single innocent bone in his body, and he knew it. That didn’t mean everyone else had to know it as well, however. Even so, Matt was not buying it. He nudged Techie with an arm, and for once Techie had no urge to flinch away from the contact. “Yeah right - you just told her off. She’s going to be a nightmare now - muffin or not.” Still, his voice was full of admiration. Techie rolled his eyes, and in doing so, caught a figure of black in the corner of his eye. It just made him want to roll them again - if Kylo thought he was being subtle, then he really should retire or something. If this is part of his job - well, he wasn’t doing it very well. No doubt he was stalking Techie on the bequest of his brother - Armitage really was too predictable. At least to him, anyway. Still, he said nothing and kept up his antics with Matt. After they had gotten focussed back on work, they once again accomplished quite a bit during that shift. After shift, however, it was free game. Once again, he made his way to his brother’s quarters, intending to use the private refresher. Once again, Armitage let him in. This time, however, he told him not to use water. “It’s a rare indulgence, Tiberius, not for your unprivileged hairy ass.” “Just because your ass is hairy, Artie, doesn’t mean that mine is. You should look into that, though,” he called back. Thankfully, though, when Tiberius came out of the refresher, he was completely dry. Fresh from the sonics. Still, though, he threw propriety to the wind, wearing only a towel slung around his waist. He plopped down on the bed, seemingly content to stay a while. “I got a message about an interruption from your boss today. Says you were breaking regulation.” Techie just rolled his eyes. “No, you were breaking regulation.” Hux’s eyebrows furrowed. “How do you mean?” “You were the one who wouldn’t allow me to wear technician orange. I got yelled at all because of your vanity.” Hux looked unimpressed. “That’s what the message about? How trivial.” “I agree. She likes to yell at my roommate simply because she hasn’t had her morning muffin yet. I’m surprised that you employ such illogical and inefficient people. She delayed us by six minutes simply so that she could monologue about how I would get no special treatment simply because I am your brother.” The words had the effect Techie was looking for; Armitage’s eyebrows rose steadily at the words, his face becoming stormy. Oh yes - he knew exactly how to manipulate his brother in order to get what he wanted. Artie knew it the entire time too; he simply agreed with his twin’s logic and motives. They were both snakes, and they recognized each other for what they were. Hux knew exactly what his brother was getting at. “You want me to fire her.” A statement. Techie smiled innocently, cutting his gaze to the floor. “That sounds like a rather extreme reaction. Don’t you think that it would be considered . . . favoritism?” Oh, so that was what Tiberius wanted. “You want me to fire her, then reinstate you as the head of the division in her place,” Hux clarified, allowing himself a small smile as well. Though his was not innocent at all; his was pure evil. “Oh, Artie, that would be simply so mean. Whatever would the people aboard this ship think, when you are going about replacing a perfectly good worker with your brother?” Once again, his tone, words, and demeanor were all completely innocent, eyelashes lowered and a sweetly concerned curve to his lips. “Don’t you worry your pretty little head, Toby; I’m sure no one would question my decision when the security camera feed of what happened goes viral. Besides, there is no one else I would trust more with the position - you’re the best technician that we employ currently. Added to that, I can’t just let people push around my little brother - what kind of person would that make me?” His facade of innocence cracked just a little, in the cruel, anticipatory smile that twisted his lips. “You’re right - let it be known that you are the best big brother in the whole wide universe.” He got up and plopped himself into Hux’s lap, where he had been sitting in his desk chair. It wobbled insecurely with both of their weight at first, creaking and lurching to the side. Toby’s hands were in his hair, messing up the perfectly combed and gelled part. “Best big brother, best big bother,” he sang loudly in an off-key tone, pressing little kisses wherever Hux wasn’t busy holding his hands to try to stop the onslaught. “Toby!” He actually shrieked, trying to get his brother to stop without toppling them both to the floor. How the towel managed to stay around his brother’s hips, he had no idea. A knock came at the door, but they were both too busy shrieking at each other to properly answer it. It seemed that they didn’t need to, however, because Kylo Ren promptly let himself in, lightsaber in hand and looking determined to murder someone. Techie shrieked again, because seeing a scary man wearing all black with a mask on holding a weapon was really actually very terrifying. In the shock of it, Techie pulled himself roughly closer to Hux, grabbing him by the collar and tugging. The motion was so abrupt that it sent them both to the floor, Techie’s towel flying off as they both struggled not to land too harshly. Thankfully, the chair did not land on them thanks to a well-placed kick by Armitage, though unfortunately, Armitage himself did in fact land directly on top of him. It was all for the best, he figured, since at least his twin would cover his nudity now that the towel was not. It lay to the left of his head, too far above it to reach, as Artie was pinning down his arm. Hux, shifting so that his weight was not completely crushing his brother, looked over at the intruder, brows furrowed. “Ren,” his voice was a bark, “can’t you see we’re in the middle of something?” Kylo was stunned. They couldn’t have been - was this what normal siblings did? He didn’t know. He never had any siblings. Had never asked anyone with siblings. But surely siblings don’t sit in each other’s lap whilst naked. That just seemed so - wrong. Very wrong. “I thought - it sounded like you were being attacked,” He spluttered, grateful for his vocoder when it smoothed out his syllables. “I appreciate your concern, however this is not that kind of situation at all. Please leave.” Obviously not. Kylo sincerely hoped it was not a ‘situation’ at all. Really, he wanted to forget this ever happened. Tiberius, however, knew exactly what Kylo was thinking, and he smirked internally. “Oh, Artie, come on, it’s not that big of a deal. We were just playing a little bit.” Hux looked down at him, catching on. Tiberius truly was the most evil between them. “I know, brother, but I don’t like it when people interrupt our . . . play time.” He glanced at Ren as he said the last part, a glare on his face for effect. “Oh, you’re no fun. We can play with other people too, you know. I bet Kylo would be fun to play with.” “Hmm,” Hux hummed, looking at Ren considerately. “What do you say, Ren? Do you want to play with us?” Kylo really, truly, did not like where this was going. “No, thank you. I have to go. Good night General, Tiberius.” And with that, he turned heel and left hastily. As soon as the doors shut, both twins were cackling maniacally. “He totally thought - “ Techie wheezed, “That we were - “ Hux continued, “Doing naughty things,” Techie finished on a cackle. They both laughed and laughed for a long while after that. Then, Techie got cold from laying bare-ass naked on the ground, and climbed back onto Hux’s bed again. Both of their faces were red and splotchy from laughing so much - neither of them had laughed so hard in a long time, and there had been actual tears in their eyes. “Oh my Jeezus, that was the funniest thing I think we’ve ever done.” Hux shook his head, but his face was too red and splotchy, expression too fond for his reproaching look to have sort of effect on Techie. “You’re evil, you know that?” “Oh, yes, Artie, I know.” Once they calmed down and Techie finally put his clothes on, he brought up the topic that he had been waiting to mention all day. “So, I know you’re worried about me and all, but having Kylo spy on me every day probably isn’t the best method you’ve ever had to take care of me with. I’m okay, you know, Artie. I’m not going to break.” Hux didn’t look shocked at being called out. In fact, he looked like he had been waiting for it. “I know you won’t break or anything, I just . . . yes, I worry about you. But having Ren check up on you is a way for me to keep tabs on both of you at the same time.” Just as Armitage could read Tiberius, Tiberius could see right through Artie as well. “You mean, you’re using me as an excuse to talk to Kylo.” A statement. Hux actually had the gall the blush and look away. Ooh, that told Techie that this was serious; his brother hardly ever broke composure. His mouth curved into a vicious grin, not even bothering to hide it’s true nature from the one person who knew it best in the universe. “You have a crush on him. A big, huge, fat C-R-U-S-H.” “No! Maybe. A little bit.” Armitage wouldn’t even make eye contact with him. “Don’t you short-change me, brother. I know you better than anyone else ever will. Oh, and he is really quite attractive, isn’t he?” Hux said nothing, his lips pressed thin. “I know what you see when you look at him. Those lost, soulful little puppy-dog eyes, the sharp jaw, the long, wavy brown hair - just the right length for pulling.” Hux flushed deeper, but said nothing as his brother continued. “But the thing you love most are his lips, right? Perfect for begging,” a wicked smile twisted across his features, “and for sucking.” Armitage looked up sharply, eyes flashing in anger and shock. “Tiberius! Where did you learn to speak like that? And how I think of Lord Ren has no bearing on your own person.” It was a full reprimand, given in his General voice. Techie was completely unfazed, though he put on a show - even when he knew Artie would see right through it. He looked down demurely, letting his lips quiver a bit. “I’m sorry, Artie. You’re right, it’s none of my business.” He glanced up, his face changing from supple innocence to unrepentant demon. “Didn’t mean to strike a nerve.” Hux’s lips pressed together again, jaw twitching in anger. “Get your ass out of my quarters. I don’t want to hear another word about Lord Ren pass from your lips.” The words were firm, but they weren’t said angrily - Hux could never stay angry at his brother for very long. They were too much alike for that. Besides - all of the words Tiberius had said were true. He did see all of those things when looking at Ren. The only reason he had gotten angry was because he couldn’t have all of those things. Or rather, he didn’t want to desire all of those things. Didn’t want to become entangled with anyone - let alone the Lord Spoiled Brat of Ren. Wasn’t he, a General, above all of that petty nonsense? Even something like casual sex - it was all base needs and desires that he would not let himself achieve. He was much better off alone, where he himself could get the job done quickly and efficiently without any extra lingering emotions. They only got in the way. Techie just sighed, shaking his head as he bounced off of the hard, military-grade mattress. He could read his brother’s face better than other people understood another’s words. “You really should indulge yourself more, big bro. I’m sure he’d gag on your cock if you let him.” Before Hux could reprimand him again, Techie was out the door already, flouncing off down the hallway. He just shook his own head, looking down at the data pad screen in his hand. It offered no relief from his racing mind - he had already completed all of his paperwork for the day. When Techie got back to his own quarters, he found Matt sitting on the bed, looking at something on his data pad. He glanced up when he entered, then sat up, as if he were expecting him. “Hey, so did you talk to your brother? Er, the General?” Techie blinked, sitting down on his own bunk across from Matt. “Um, yeah, why?” “I mean, about the Boss Lady?” Matt clarified, eyes intent on Techie’s face. “Oh, yeah. Don’t worry about. My big bro’s got my back. And yours too,” he added, giving Matt a little wink. Matt blushed at that, looking away slightly before refocussing back on Techie. “What did he say, though? About it.” “Oh, nothing much. Just that there’s going to be a new promotion soon.” He said it with a small tilt of his lips, innocent to everyone except those who knew him. Matt didn’t know him all that well. He was still staring at Hux with awe and wonder. “You got her fired?” “Oh, no, I assure you - it was all completely my brother’s decision. He doesn’t take kindly to people messing with me. You know, he killed that trooper that tried to lay his hands on me.” He said the words purposefully, intending it to stick with Matt and make him wary of upsetting him in any way. It seemed, however, that it went completely over his head, because he was still looking at Techie with complete adoration. “Wow, your brother is amazing. He must love you very much. I don’t blame him - you are worth protecting.” Matt, seeming not to know the significance of the words he just said, leaned back into his bunk and went back to his data pad. Techie, however, - raised to find every single subtle nuance in people’s words (both he and Armitage were raised to be true diplomats since birth) - knew exactly the significance. Even if Matt himself did not know. He hid his smile - genuine, this time - behind a ducked head under the pretense of removing his boots. It was that exact moment that he knew in all absolute certainty that Matt would not hurt him. At least, not intentionally. Truthfully, he should’ve known before - Matt was too honest, too open - too much of a bumbling idiot to ever try to harm him. It showed in the way he smiled with all of his teeth, his eyes lighting up like sunshine despite their dark color. “Hey, Matt?” He asked, leaning back into his own bunk now that his boots were off. His roommate looked up, warm brown eyes quizzical. “Yes?” “Why were you put in solitary quarters? I heard it was because of bad behavior.” It was a question that had been nagging him for the past two days. Matt blinked a few times, then sat up properly again. “Oh,” he said, then a pensive look came over his face, his features a bit angry. Like he was remembering something. “Well, you see, there was just one incident, really. This big guy - a trooper - he was saying some stuff that I didn’t agree with.” “What was it?” Techie asked after Matt paused for a moment. “He was talking about he went around knocking women up without their consent. About how they always protested, but he knew they liked it.” The more he spoke, the angrier Matt got. His big fist clenched, and his jaw ticked. “I put him in his place, though. Beat him up real good, broke his jaw. He’s not in the Order anymore after I told them what happened, but they said I still couldn’t go unpunished, so they put me in solitary quarters.” Techie’s eyes were wide, and he had leaned forward unconsciously while listening to the story. “Oh,” he said. Not like he was shocked, or happy, or sad. Just “Oh”. Then, he smiled, a real, genuine smile. “I’m glad,” he said, feeling much better knowing that that was what had happened. Matt smiled too in response, smiling because Techie was smiling. Then, after a moment, his smile faded. “Does it make me a bad person if I wished he were dead?” “No,” came Techie’s automatic response. “I would have killed him and been happy for it.” Matt absorbed that for a moment, then nodded and gave a small flash of a smile, and all was right with the world. Notes: Comments and Kudos are always very very very much appreciated!! I ramble so much in this fic, so I won't be offended if you ramble in the comments! Seriously, even if it's something like "Techie's a right little wanker", like that means a lot to me, cause, um yeah - he is! Chapter 8 : I'm Taking It Slow, Feeding My Flame Summary: A little fluff before the plot gets going full-throttle. Notes: I am So Sorry that this chapter is so little so late . . . . but life happened. Anyway, this chapter has been fighting me, so I just decided to chop off it's head. Um, so . . . here it is. I'm sorry. The title is from "Eyes On Fire" by Blue Foundation. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) After that encounter with Matt, all of Techie’s anxieties about his new roommate were dissolved. Of course, the more time he had spent with the man, the less he had worried, but he was still relieved to know the exact reason that Matt had been placed alone. A week passed, and he was still working with Matt around the ship. His brother had circulated the video feed of the lead of the technology department, and had subsequently reinstated Techie as the new leader. The former boss had been fired, reprimanded, and removed from the ship. There were a lot of perks that came with being the head of the department, but the best of all was the room filled with the security video feeds, and the new influx of information that was needed for the job. One of the things he did not like was assigning all of the technicians to certain jobs around the ship. It took planning and knowledge of the different technicians. Some had better skills in certain areas rather than others. Another was the fact that planning everything took time out of his day that could be spent with Matt around the ship. Or time for himself in general. Still, he was adapting and learning. A perk of the job was the ability to bring the technology home - or, rather, to his quarters. Unfortunately, there was only room enough for one computer. Even so, he felt much better sleeping next to it. Matt didn’t seem to share or even understand this eccentricity of his. He didn’t mind it though; it seemed that he could sleep through anything and everything. This trait still continued to be endearing to Techie; it meant that he could work late on whatever he wished without hearing any complaints. He woke up from one such late night, blinking and rubbing his eyes, only to be surprised that Matt was already up and getting ready. Usually Techie was the first to wake; it took a lot of shaking and reminding to get Matt out of bed. It was like trying to move a boulder. Matt looked over from where he was pulling his shirt down, eyes cataloguing Techie’s face. “Hey, your eyes are looking a lot better,” Matt said, completely foregoing a ‘good morning’. Techie blinked, then looked around for a mirror. There was one in the bathroom, so he got up and walked over to it, viewing his eyes this way and that in the mirror. It was true; ever since he had been taking his antibiotics, the puffy redness had slowly started to dissipate. He turned to Matt, giving him a small nod in acknowledgment. “Yeah, they are.” He probably would have been more enthusiastic if he hadn’t just woken up. They both finished getting ready in relative silence. Techie had long since forgotten his skittishness with being partially naked in front of Matt. It was inevitable when you lived in such close proximity to someone. That, and . . . sometimes, when Matt thought that he wasn’t looking, Techie caught his eyes on him through his peripherals. It always made him quietly pleased. Just as they made to leave, Techie’s data pad pinged, signaling a message. Now that he was lead of the technology department, getting messages was not all that uncommon. However, more likely than not, the messages would usually be from his brother. They talked to each other at least three times a day. Though he didn’t mind the messages from Artie (really, he coveted them), he didn’t enjoy the status updates and such. This message was indeed from Armitage. It was simply a reminder that they had a consultation with the doctor today. He send back an acknowledgment, then continued on with Matt to the mess hall. Or rather, he would have continued to the mess hall if there were not an angry-looking technician standing in front of them. It was a woman, her brownish red hair curly and wild. She was standing with a wide stance, her arms crossed in front of her chest. Her expression was one of supreme annoyance and agitation. Her eyes were hazel, though her expression made them seem much lighter. Almost as if her eyes were living flames. Her skin was dark, though there were prominent freckles across the bridge of her nose. She had very distinct features. Techie recognized her from the cross-wiring department, and he had noted her stand-offish behavior with him before. Her name did not come to mind. She seemed to completely ignore Matt, who was standing beside him, and was staring intently at only him. Her jaw was tensed, like she was gritting her teeth. “Hi . . . is something wrong?” Techie asked hesitantly, acknowledging her. He could do nothing else when she was blocking their way so effectively. Still, his words were timid; he was still not used to being the one in control. “Absolutely,” she said shortly, eyes flashing with irritation, “there is absolutely something wrong.” “And . . . what is that?” She seemed to become more angry that he even had to ask. “The problem is that you’re our new boss. Everyone knows that the promotion should have gone to me. I am the next best technician.” She was obviously trying to remain calm, but her words were sharp and trite. “You believe that the General did not make the best decision in promotions?” Techie asked, almost in disbelief, just to clarify. His voice became more confident as his anger grew. Of course he had expected this to happen, he just had not been expecting a woman to confront him. “I believe that you only obtained the position because he is your brother.” She stated clearly. “You are accusing the General of nepotism?” His own voice was becoming more and more angry, though his posture was mostly defensive. “Correct.” “Then I would suggest that you bring the matter up with him.” His words were meant to deflect and avoid. He moved to walk past her in the hallway, but the words had made her uncross her arms. Her hands curled into fists by her sides briefly before they came up to push Techie away and back to where he had started. “This isn’t over,” she hissed, teeth clenched. She looked spitting mad. Techie was completely taken aback at the action of having her push him away, and he could only blink in surprise for a moment. Of course he had been pushed around before, but he did not expect that here of all places. He didn’t expect it at all anymore. Before he could react any further than that, he could see Matt step forward in his peripherals. Matt looked less than amused at the situation. “Yes, it is over. Move.” Matt’s voice was sturdier and more resounding than Techie was used to hearing. He sounded angry, which, oddly enough, sent sparks through him. It was the thrill at the thought that Matt was getting angry over him - that Matt was actually protecting him. His honor, or something. Though the girl was still seething, she did as Matt instructed. Matt was too big to ignore or disobey. Matt looked over at Techie and held out his hand, waiting patiently for him to decide whether to take it or not. Techie did so slowly, placing his pale hand in Matt’s upturned palm. The contrast between them was astounding. Techie’s hand was small and delicate when compared to Matt’s large, calloused palm. They walked past her together, and Techie grinned shyly while glancing sideways at Matt. Matt didn’t notice until Techie not-so-subtly bumped shoulders with him. Matt looked over, began to glance away, then, registering the grin on Techie’s face, looked back with fondness. Somehow, his brown eyes managed to look a lot like sunshine. For his part, Matt was elated at having caused that expression on Techie’s face. And, of course, Techie was filled with warmth at how fondly Matt was looking at him. - Explaining to Ren that truly, what he had seen between them had been nothing inappropriate was actually quite a struggle. It shouldn’t have been so hard to explain to a literal mind reader that nothing was between he and his brother. Other than familial affection, of course. “He was naked, Hux. You don’t hold your naked brother.” He was being stubborn. It had taken quite a feat to just get Ren to meet his eyes. Or even meet with him in the first place. It was obvious from the way Ren’s arms were crossed, the curve to his lips, his slightly tilted body, that Ren was still very much disgusted with what he had seen. All of it was still very amusing to see Ren so repulsed, but he reigned it in. He couldn’t use the Knight if the man wouldn’t even make eye contact with him. As it stood, Ren had not been checking in on Tiberius like he had been previously. They had been arguing the point for about thirty minutes now, and Hux was done with Ren’s pointless childishness. He didn’t have time to deal with this - he had to pick Tiberius up for his doctor’s appointment soon. Finally, he put his foot down. “Fine! If you don’t believe me, then read my mind. You’ll know if I lie,” He said as he took a step forward, tilting his chin upwards even more than his usual perfect posture dictated. Ren looked skeptical. “You are giving me permission into your mind?” He asked as he looked down at Hux, head tilted at an angle. At least he was finally making eye contact again. “If it will end your childish pouting.” Ren looked severely distrustful, his eyebrows drawn inwards. Still, he stepped forward and, despite him not needing to make contact to read someone’s mind, he reached up and placed his hand on Hux’s cheek. He didn’t even supply a justification for it; he just . . . wanted to touch Hux. Kylo was too much a man of impulse to break that habit at this moment in time. The General held steady, not wavering beneath the touch. There was a pause, and Hux waited for the pain. He had seen Ren interrogate someone before, and . . . well, it wasn’t pretty. The person was usually screaming and crying long before the end of such interrogation. When no pain registered, he was more than surprised. Ren pulled away quicker than Hux had expected, a pinched look on his face. “You were laughing at me.” “And you were making assumptions,” Hux rejoined, fixing Ren with a glacial look. Neither lost their respective expressions for a moment; Ren glowering while Hux glared at him. “I have to go, Ren. I don’t have time for you right now.” He started moving before he even finished the words, gathering his coat from the back of the office chair - and subsequently his data pad. Kylo said nothing in response, watching as Hux gathered his things and left. The automatic door swishing closed behind him undramatically. The Knight was left standing in Hux’s office, feeling anything but relieved. Though he had found the information he had wanted, he also found much more than he bargained for. Tiberius’s mind was much more disorganized than his brother’s. It was easy to see bits and pieces of memories thoughts in Tiberius, but it was much harder to pry apart Hux’s coldly constructed mind. At least when Hux did not want Kylo inside. Even including the juxtaposition between the two twins, they were far more similar in thought process and conclusion than Kylo had realized. And certainly Tiberius had more than a touch of Hux’s mischievousness. Or perhaps Hux had learned it from Tiberius. It was always hard to tell, with twins. Still, that one fact stuck out the most in what Kylo had found; Hux’s mind was compatible with his own. Much, much too compatible than is advisable for such a close melding. Pressing into Hux’s mind was . . . well, it was intoxicating. Which is not and adjective that Kylo ever thought he would be using for the General. That was the truth of it, though; Hux’s mind was cold, smooth, and calculated on the surface. Past that, however, was so much more. He hadn’t meant to go so deep into the man’s mind earlier, but it had drawn him in further and further. Beneath that cold exterior was passionate and genuine emotion. And - and warmth. Hux’s mind was warm to him. It exuded confidence and control, but beyond that was a certain pliability. Kylo was . . . entranced. To Hux, the interaction had probably lasted for a small moment. No doubt he thought that it had been a cursory connection. Kylo wished that were so. But he knew the truth, and he was scared. Their minds shared a bond now; a bond that could not be ignored for very long. There was a very good reason why the Jedi tried very hard to avoid connections. Notes: Comments and Kudos very much appreciated <3