“Don't be crazy BB-8,” Poe chuckled, “that girl is not giving me,” he laughed again,”mating eyes. I thought droids didn't notice that kind of thing.” BB-8 rattled off a list of things the girl did, “That's an awful lot of watching buddy,” Poe rolled out from under the X-Wing. “Why are you watching this girl so closely?” BB -8 rocked back and forth and whistled, “No I'm not mad at you BB-8, I promise,” BB-8 booped then nudged Poe. “Because she said I was cute? “ He said sitting up looking around, “Which girl was this,” Poe flushed red and hoped no one overheard their conversation. BB-8 described her in detail, “and covered in grade 3 oil huh? “ Poe chuckled, “And where do you watch her? “ He shuddered and listed off locations, “BB do you just follow her around?” He booped an affirmation. Poe paled, “You can't just follow her around because she thinks I'm cute, that will creep her out.” BB-8 didn't agree, he turned and rolled off bopping angrily about humans and their mating practices, Poe shook his head and and packed up his tools heading to the refresher to clean up before dinner. He passed a girl on his way who looked up and smiled then returned to her work, she matched BB-8’s description Poe stopped looking her over. “Want a picture Dameron? They last longer,” she looked up at him, “What?” “Is that grade 3 oil?” she frowned looking around. “And if it is?” She asked returning to her task. “I think my droid may be harassing you,” he said smiling rubbing his hand back through his dark hair. “That the orange and white one?” she asked grunting as she strained trying to break the seal on a stubborn bolt. “Want some help with that?” She frowned and started to say no when she realized her entire weight was not enough leverage to loosen it. “Sure Dameron, knock yourself out.” She said stepping aside. Poe stepped up to the wrench and gave it everything he had and it didn't move, he cursed under his breath, “Hand me that spanner,” he said hooking it into the ring side and then leaned all of his weight into it, it broke and Poe crashed to the ground. The girl snickered and held out her and to help him up, he grinned coming face to face, “I'm afraid I've never caught your name.” Poe said sheepishly. “Kalia Tanoor ,“ She said grinning. “Is that what, Chandrillian?” he asked. “No Corellian,” she said. “Poe Dameron,” he said winking then regretting it. “Oh I know who you are, ‘best pilot in the Resistance,’ everyone knows who you are.” Poe blanched. “I um, just wanted to apologize, BB-8 doesn't really understand when he's being creepy.” “Well, don't tell him to follow me around talking you up all day, and if you do, you need to upgrade what he thinks are endearing attributes.” Turned back to her work. “Wait… talking me up, I didn't tell him to do that, what did he say?” “Don't worry about it if you didn't tell him to do it,” she tossed a part over her shoulder, “but translucent bi-ped of adequate musculature and optimal lubricator are not exactly a good way to say that you're fit and I really hope he's talking about the scheduled maintenance you perform on your X-Wing .” She grinned turning her head to see Poe’s face flush scarlet. “Next time you're crushing just tell the girl straight up instead of sending your droid to snoop around,” she closed the panel on her X-Wing and reset the primer. “I didn't tell him to do any of this, he said he overheard, it doesn't matter what he overheard,” he blushed deeper, “ he got this idea in his head that-” She turned leaning against the X-Wing giving him her full attention, “And?” “He uhhmm apparently wanted to scope you out before he told me.” “Told you what?” Poe blushed even deeper, she could tell that he was mortified . “That you told someone that I'm cute,” she turned red, “he um wanted to make sure you were right, for me... before he told me, so he started taking down lists of things you were good at, things you enjoyed, it's uhhhh it's actually quite cute, he's just a loyal little droid, he uhh. “ Poe stopped looking down at his hands and he peeled back a hang nail. “I'm sorry I just should have apologized and left, he's just got a lot of personality.” “That was like a year ago!” She said, “Wait it took him a year to decide I was worth talking to you about?” “N-n-no, he's uh been talking about you for a while, he tells me there's a girl,” she raised her eyebrow, “Woman. Who is covered in grade 3 oil who is good at repairing wheel wells, another day he might tell me that you're good at cleaning the carbon scoring off the intake panels, on and on but I mean he never told me who, just a woman covered in grade 3 oil.” She crossed her arms looking at him. “He's been flirting with us to entice the other, why would a droid do that?” “Oh no…” Poe said realizing, “because I jokingly told him to find me a girlfriend a while ago. Shit, I'm sorry. I'm going to go drown myself in the shower.” Poe said then turned around and rushed to the showers to see if he could in fact drown himself. “You’ve got to be joking,” Finn laughed loudly, leaning against the tiled wall of the shower stall, “and then he flirted with her for you? I can't wait to tell Rey this,” he laughed harder as he slid down the wall, “I bet you were mortified.” “I was, I am, you're not helping man,” Finn stood back up wiping his eyes trying to catch his breath, “you don't need to tell Rey about this. “ “Oh I am definitely telling Rey about this, she only gets to send me a holo once a week and this will make her month.”Finn beamed, “I seriously am going to be boyfriend of the year when she hears this story.” Poe sighed and started washing the soap out of his hair, “How's that going?” He asked. “Ah, about as best as can be expected when you're separated by a week of hyperspace, but me and Chewie are flying out next month to take some supplies, maybe visit for a couple days,” he beamed, “she's doing amazing things Poe she can levitate things with her mind,” he said with pride. “That's fantastic,” he smiled, he couldn't believe how far Finn had come in the short time he'd been with the Resistance. “I still can't believe that we know a Jedi.” “A Jedi? Poe we know THE Jedi, as in we've met Luke Skywalker and now my girlfriend,” he said smiling brightly, “the beautiful and talented, fantastic, gorgeous,” Finn got distracted thinking about Rey continuing to mutter adjectives while looking up and grinning. “Hey Finn,” Poe said, Finn turned to him dreamily, “you got lost again buddy.” “I'm sorry, I've just never been this happy,” he said turning off the shower and wrapping a towel around himself. “Never apologize for being happy, let's go get some dinner before there's nothing good left. “ Poe sat down with a full tray in the mess hall, he had every type of comfort food available and started taking bites of each one. “Hey Romeo,” said Snap Wexely as he sat down beside Poe. Poe laid his head down on the table and covered his head and started cursing loudly, “Finn!!!” He yelled to which he heard a laugh come from the serving line, Finn came over and sat opposite Poe and Snap. “Finn how many people did you tell?” Finn smiled. “Just Snap and Jessika… Chewie so you know just friends who were going to find out anyways.” Poe buried his head again mumbling. “Come on Poe things have been dead around here we need some quality entertainment,” Snap said snickering, “I'm pretty impressed, I've never seen a droid do that and it is hilarious.” “That BB-8 is trying to hook Poe up? It's the talk of the base,” Jessika said sitting down next to Finn, “I can't believe you were going to deny us this,” she said taking Finn’s fruit and biting into it. Finn started to protest but she gave him her pie, and Finn dug into it first. “Guys, this is easily the most embarrassing thing I've had a happen to me.” “More embarrassing than the time you got stuck in the cockpit of your X-Wing with that girl?” said Snap, Poe blushed and started to say something when Jessika spoke up. “Or that time you crossed your cables and blew out your hyperdrive and had to call for a pickup up?” “Or the time BB-8 tried to hook you up with a girl,” Finn said laughing uncontrollably, the whole table erupted with raucous laughter, Snap pounded on the table so hard Poe’s drink fell off the table. “Thanks you guys, I feel lots better now,” Poe said sarcastically. “That's what friends are for,” Jessika said grinning. “Now which pilot is it really? Half the base thinks you're cute so that doesn't narrow it down.” “It doesn't matter, she'll never talk to me again after this,” Poe said moving food around on his tray. “I don't know, I think she's got a fair bit of interest herself,” said Snap watching a woman in the serving line stare Poe down, she walked by with her tray. “Dameron,” said Kalia, when Poe flushed scarlet she walked to a table joining her friends where they erupted in laughter. “I think I'm gonna jump in a rancor pit,” Poe said. “Nah talk to her,” Jessika said, “she's teasing right now, but she can't take her eyes off of you.” She grinned, “Besides she is cute, right Finn?” “She's alright,” he said looking over at her table, “but-” “She's no Rey, “ said Snap and Jessika cackling. “We know Finn,” Said Snap winking. “Seriously Poe talk to her,” said Jessika. Poe glared at her and stood up to throw his tray away, then instead of going for the door he headed for Kalia’s table. “Oh damn, did he think I meant now?” “Hey, uh Kalia,” Poe said, red again. “Hey Dameron,” Kalia said smirking as two of her friends snickered. “I just,” Poe looked down at his boots, “I want to apologize again and ask if you'd let me make it up to you? Maybe we could eat?” She repressed a laugh and smiling replied, “I already have food Dameron.” Snap, Jessika, and Finn watches Poe fidget from across the hall, “Oh he's dead in the water, I really thought he'd be smoother than this,” she said. “What? You thought I meant now?” Poe laughed a little too loudly, “No I mean, later, or you know,” he looked down at his fingers again, picking at them, “ whenever,” he looked up at her, “it doesn't have to be food, I mean we can just talk, if you'd like.” She smirked, “I’d like,” she grinned as her friends snickered, and Poe smiled. “Anything else Poe?” “Uhhhh,” he bit his lip trying to think of something else to say when Snap slapped his shoulder. “Hey Poe I need you to come look at my ship, I've got an error I can't figure out.” Snap winked. “What? YES, yes, sure, well I’ll see you later Kalia.” Poe said turning and walking away from their table as soon as the rounded a corner Poe sank against a wall, “was that as bad as it seemed?” Snap chuckled, “Yeah it was,” he grinned, “I thought you were a smooth ladies man? Or at least that's the way the rumor goes.” Poe sank down crouching, “That's, no, I've never had a clue what I'm doing. Thanks for saving me.” “She's cute though, and interested,” Poe looked shocked. “Really?” Poe took a few deep breaths. “Word of advice Romeo, try talking to her when she's alone next time,” Snap walked away chuckling and Poe headed back to his quarters to hide. Once inside he saw BB-8 nestled into the corner at his charging port. Poe smiled, his little droid had caused all of this insanity. Poe laid back and closed his eyes drifting off to sleep, but couldn't quite find rest. He rolled over and watched the lights on BB-8 blink, “Buddy what did you get me in to?” A knocking sound roused Poe he looked around and mumbled, standing he stretched and yawned,“Yeah I'm coming, hold your tauntauns.” Hitting unlock he saw Kalia standing in in his doorway. “I didn't mean to wake you,” she said taking in his rumpled appearance. “What? No I wasn't sleeping,” he yawned, “Okay yeah maybe I was sleeping.” He squinted at his chrono,”What uh, what can I help you with?” She smiled, “I just came by to thank you for apologizing in public, that took guts Dameron.” He smiled, “Thank you,” he looked over his shoulder making sure his quarters looked clean enough, “You wanna come in?” “Sure, I've got early patrol, so I can't stay long,” Poe nodded as she stepped in. BB-8 booped lazily his eye swiveling at the noise. “Hey there trouble maker,” she said as BB-8 rolled up to her. “What quadrant?” He asked stifling another yawn, “I thought blue squadron had evening patrol. “ “We did red switched with us I don't know why, we've got general peremeter so it's going to be an all day thing.” Poe motioned to a small couch as he plopped back down in his bed. “Probably to shake things up so we don't get complacent. Want something to drink? I've got some water and,” he frowned standing up to check, “juice?” “What kind of juice?” She asked. Poe stared at the container, “I wanna say… green? The wrapper fell off and I can't remember what all they carry in the commissary that are green.” He said bent over looking in the small refrigerator. “Sure I'll take green,” Poe grabbed two cups from the cabinet and casually checked to see if they were clean. Shrugging he poured them each a cup and bright one to her. “Thanks, by the way for taking this all in stride. I’ll be more careful what I say to him and around him,” Poe said glancing at BB-8 who responded cheerfully that his job was done and that he wouldn't record their actions other than normal. “Do you normally record our actions?” She asked raising an eyebrow, BB-8 clicked and whistled that he only did the normal amount and rolled back to his charging port and shut down. “The normal amount?” “I honestly have no idea what that means,” Poe said, “but I'll see if it's just a droid thing,” he chuckled looking down at his drink. “So… “ he said. “So…” she repeated sipping the juice and making a face, “I think this has gone bad.” Poe took a sip then jumped up to grab her cup and dump it out, “I am so sorry,” he said. “Uh water?” he asked and then tossed her a bottle, she took a sip swishing it around then crossed to the sink to spit. “Well this was fun Dameron, but I'd better get back to my bunk.” She started toward the exit and Poe followed her to the door way. She turned to speak but then thought better of it pulling in Poe by his lapels for a brief but thorough kiss, “See ya around Dameron,” she said walking out the door. Poe stood there shocked for a few moments then he took another drink of his water and laid back down. He couldn't help the large grin plastered all over his face.