Hux stifled a yawn as he drove through quiet suburbia. Houses passed on either side, some grand, some garish, all with expansive yards and tall trees – painting this as a neighbourhood for those with established wealth. He drove along mindlessly until he came upon his own house, a modern, three-story building with muted, elegant colours and tall windows all around, and turned his silver BMW smoothly into the driveway. The garage already filled with two other, finer cars, he came to a stop in front of it, cutting the engine and reaching for the briefcase sitting on the passenger seat before stepping out. With the press of a button he locked the car behind him and walked along the stone pathway leading to his front door. Inside, he dropped his keys into a small basket by the front door and slipped his feet out of his shoes, heading straight for the kitchen. He sat his briefcase on a dining chair then carefully hung his grey jacket over the back of it, loosening his tie and wearily undoing the top buttons of his white, stiff collared shirt. It was a relief to be home after another long, exhausting day, even though he was planning on working for the rest of the evening anyway. But it was quieter here, with less people around to bother him even if that meant he had to make his own coffee. He fiddled with the dials on the espresso machine and set it to brew, now undoing the buttons on his sleeve cuffs and rolling them up to just below the elbow, smoothing down the fabric while he waited. When the coffee was ready he took it into his office room and turned on the laptop sitting on the desk. He took a few impatient sips – bitter and scalding hot, just how he liked it – while he waited for the computer to boot up. Hux gazed out the window pensively, his tired brain feeling fuzzy and unfocused and sympathetic to the whirring white noise coming from the laptop, complaining about being woken up to do more work. The view from the office looked out onto the in-ground pool and, if he leaned, to the tennis court too. He reflected how he regretfully had barely used either since moving here, although his new fiancée and soon-to-be stepson had gotten some use out of them. Leia and Ben had moved in six or so weeks ago, not long after Hux had proposed. While the woman was eight years his senior, they found that they got along alarmingly well and had dated for almost two years before Hux had popped the question. Of course, Hux got along with everyone if he chose to. His irresistible charm had played no small role in his financial success over the years, and now it had landed him a future wife who held great political influence – very helpful for situations where he could not simply get his way by lining pockets. Leia Organa had a reputation as a particularly honest and sincere politician, and so long as Hux could keep up the act she would continue to push for deregulation of international trade. Fortunately for him, she was already of the belief that such policies are genuinely in the interest of public good, valuing freedom and non-interference over a tighter and more controlled government. She would be shocked to learn the various ways Hux had exploited such policies for the sake of profit, the lives he had destroyed and the people he had stepped on while her colleagues turned a blind eye. The dear, naïve thing. Hux knew that guilt for manipulating the woman – along with countless others over the years – was something he would never feel. Guilt grew from empathy, and empathy was something he had never experienced. But he had become rather good at faking it. No, he didn’t love is fiancée. He didn’t hate her either – she was fairly tolerable as a person if a bit hot tempered – but he was happy that she was busy enough with her own work that they didn’t spend great lengths of time together. It wasn’t that the act was tiring – he had become so good at it now that it was second nature to him – it was just that he preferred to be alone. But overall, the arrangement worked out well. He had a happy partner who thought him to be madly in love with her, and she in turn smoothed things over when his company was a bit loose in its interpretations of certain laws, and promoted an agenda that would make expansion of his already multinational, multimillion-dollar business much easier. Her son Ben, however, was a different story. He was a constant thorn in Hux’s side. He constantly disobeyed commands, often even going out of his way to do things against the way Hux had ordered (and making things more difficult for himself) just to spite him. Hux had caught him stealing alcohol out if his locked liquor cabinet and smoking pot in his room. He played music far too loud, and left a mess wherever he went, and the friends he brought over would snigger under their breath whenever Hux entered the room as if he were the butt of some unremitting joke. Even the sight of Ben, with his scruffy black hair, torn jeans, and faded t-shirts with awful musicians on the front was enough to send a prickle of annoyance up Hux’s spine. Leia didn’t like disciplining him and Hux couldn’t risk and argument over it that might strain their relationship, at least not until they were married. So for now, he was stuck with him. But Ben was 18 now and nearly finished with school, and had made it quite clear that he would be moving out the second he graduated. He wouldn’t be Hux’s problem for much longer. Hux turned his attention back to the laptop on his desk. He entered the password and continued to sip at his coffee. Thinking about Ben had shifted his mood from tired to irritated, and he smirked as he decided to get a little pay back with some good old-fashioned invasion of privacy. His work could wait a few more minutes. He knew Ben was home, had tripped over the boy’s tattered shoes scattered sloppily by the front door when he came inside. Hux searched through his programs list and opened a software app which displayed all of the devices currently connected to the local wifi network. Ben’s computer was one of them. Clicking on this provided him with a list of the most recent URLs visited on Ben’s PC. Hux couldn’t help but chuckle: all of them were from various adult sites. Ben was watching porn. He had spied on Ben’s internet habits a couple of times before. He had found porn then too, but it hadn’t been of any interest to him. He had been looking to make sure Ben wasn’t up to anything dangerously stupid that might cause him trouble in the future. He had been satisfied in what he’d found – most of it standard teenage boy shit: YouTube, Reddit, Amazon, and of course a seemingly endless list of different porn sites, some Hux recognized but many he didn’t. But this time, Hux was spying out of spite rather than caution. He didn’t have any care for the privacy of others, especially Ben, and this combined with a cruel sort of curiosity prompted Hux to find out exactly what Ben was getting off to. He clicked the URL at the top of the list. The internet browser opened. Hux couldn’t have been less prepared for what he saw on the screen. Had he been asked to guess what Ben was into, he probably would have taken safe bet with teen girls, blondes, big breasts maybe. He could hardly be further from the truth. The title of the clip loaded before the video did: “Stepdad fucks hot teen boy for the first time”. Hux’s jaw hung open as he read the words over and again. Then the video started, and the sounds of moaning and wet kissing ripped him from his daze. He blinked at the video in disbelief for a moment, then closed the tab in a rush. He carefully set his coffee mug down and ran his hands through his hair, loosening the coppery locks from where they had been combed back with gel that morning. If that video meant what he thought it might… Well, that would certainly change the way he saw his and Ben’s relationship. He thought of all those times he had caught Ben staring at him, only for him to quickly look away with a snarl. Hux had thought this was just another display of Ben’s contempt for him, but this new information provided a completely different explanation. A fascinating and unexpected and almost too-obvious explanation that Hux hadn’t even considered before. He had to find out for sure. Hux clicked through several more of the URLs that Ben had visited this afternoon, and each one showed a video with a similar theme – “Daddy spanks and fucks step son hard”; “Sexy twink seduces step-father, sucks his cock and rides him”; “Gay teen slut fucked by daddy”; “Man cheats on girlfriend with her teenage son”; “Cockslut desperate for stepdads dick”. It went on and on. Hux even checked through videos from weeks ago and found more of the same. Some of the videos doubled up, apparently ones he enjoyed enough to revisit. This wasn’t just an experiment to sate some sort of curiosity: this was obviously a very deep, strong fantasy of Ben’s. Hux could only imagine what this fantasy meant for himself. He leaned back in his chair and let out a long exhale. The last video he had opened still played – a man about his age was kissing and squeezing the ass of a younger boy as he sat on his lap and grinded up against him. Hux watched it absently while he thought. If Ben was attracted to him, fantasized about him, he could use it to his advantage. The most obvious option was blackmail, but there was little fun in that compared to the other possibilities. Hux smirked as he closed his eyes and allowed himself to imagine Ben’s shocked face as he touches him, Ben’s trembling body as he gives him what he desperately wants, Ben begging, pleading, promising to behave, Ben’s tight ass clenching around Hux’s hard cock as he pushes in and pulls out, drawing out pained moans from that once defiant mouth. Yes, he could certainly use this to his advantage. Hux shut down his laptop and took one last sip of coffee before abandoning the rest, leaving it to grow cold on his desk. He stood and stretched, willing away the already growing erection beginning to fill his trousers, and walked silently up the carpeted stairs with a slow confidence despite the racing heart in his chest. He stopped outside Ben’s door – no noise coming from the other side – and took a deep breath. What he was about to do was wrong, not that he had ever particularly cared about rights and wrongs, but more importantly it had the potential to ruin everything he had done to get this far with the boy’s mother. If she ever found out about this she would not only leave him but retaliate, hard . Hell, once they were married she could even come after his business and back accounts, depending on how well her lawyer could argue around the prenupts. But despite all this, Hux found himself strangely unconcerned. He felt with near-certainty that no matter the result of his next move, Ben would stop his defiant behaviour and treat him with a bit more… caution, if not respect. Even if Ben did reject his advances he would never bring the issue up with his mother, not while Hux had a record of his porn habits. And besides, the risk of being caught was a part of the appeal, wasn’t it? The act was so wrong, so disgusting that the mere thought of being found out was enough to send one’s heart racing with adrenaline, and yet that’s what made it thrilling. It felt good to break the rules – that was one thing he and Ben had in common, although Ben went about it far more crudely. Sometimes, Hux thought to himself, it isn’t the act itself that sparks one’s arousal but the feeling of profound wrongness blended exquisitely with desire. The appeal of the taboo. Hux had always wanted what he wasn’t allowed to have. And then he always took it anyway. He opened Ben’s door. “What the fuck!?!” Ben was sitting at his PC, side-on to the door, and as soon as Hux had welcomed himself into the room there had been a flurry of limbs and cords as Ben hastily alt-tabbed and ripped the headphones from his ears. He struggled to cover himself, apparently torn between puling his shirt down over his erection and fumbling with the pants hanging around his ankles. He turned away from Hux and yelled over his shoulder at him. “Jesus Christ, you heard of knocking? Get the fuck out of here!” Hux did nothing but slowly close the door behind him, his stomach twisting in arousal as he watched Ben flounder helplessly. When Ben heard the clicking of the door he stopped what he was doing (fumbling uselessly with the zipper of his jeans, although he had at least managed to get them buttoned) and twisted to look at Hux with an expression of utter horror. Hux fought with the corners of his mouth as they instinctively tried to curl upwards into an amused smirk. He clasped his hands behind his back and stepped forward. “How long did you think you could keep this hidden from me, Benjamin?” He managed to sound cool and collected despite feeling like he was about to implode from anticipation. Ben’s face flushed a deep red and his jaw hung uselessly, bottom lip twitching as he struggled to form words. His bewildered eyes searched Hux’s face for a few excruciating seconds before he stammered out the words: “Wha- what are you talking about?” Hux chuckled as he stepped towards Ben, an animal cornering its prey. “Don’t play dumb, Ben,” he cooed. He came to a halt at the back of the tall leather chair and looked down at the boy. “You can’t keep secrets from me in this house.” Ben straightened in his seat and sat in silence, no longer able to meet Hux’s eye as he towered above him. He was trembling. “Stand up.” There was a pause of several seconds, but finally Ben did as he was commanded. He did not turn around. “Show me the video.” Another pause, this time much longer, but Hux was patient and Ben eventually complied. He stepped forward and reached for the computer mouse and pulled up the window, the title “Stepdad fucks hot teen boy for the first time” unmissable at the front and center of the screen. Hux heard him swallow nervously. The clip had still been playing while minimized and was now about halfway through. Hux watched it for a moment – a young man was taking an extraordinarily large cock with great skill, his ass in the air and his face pressed down into the mattress he knelt on. Ben was not watching, his head turned firmly to the floor instead. Hux savoured the thrill of humiliating Ben like this – not just from a sexual place but also as payback for months of disobedience and defiance that he hadn’t been able to do anything about. Now, he was in control. He had almost forgotten how good that felt. “Sound,” Hux commanded. Ben reluctantly pulled his headphones from the socket and the audio defaulted to the desktop speakers. The young man on the bed was very vocal about the treatment he was receiving – loud moans and cries that boarded on pained as he begged for more, for harder, for daddy. Hux was surprised at just how much that word turned him on, and his cock rapidly hardened beneath his trousers. He steadied himself before deciding what to do next, vying for his own attention with the beautifully distracting sounds of that boy on his hands and knees and the off-screen voice reassuring him with murmurs of “good boy” and other praises. “Disgusting,” Hux whispered after a moment, eyes transfixed on the screen. “I can’t let this go unpunished now, can I Ben?” No response. He took a deep breath in then let it out with a sigh, as if this were a chore. He swivelled Ben’s desk chair and sat in it himself, spreading his legs wide. Then he turned towards the boy and gestured. “Come.” Ben met his eyes with a hesitation and confusion. Cautiously he took a small step towards Hux, and Hux caught him by the arm and yanked. Ben yelled out in surprise. Hux pulled him down roughly so that Ben was bent across his lap, ass in the air, elbows and palms across Hux’s thighs. His entire body shook so violently that for a moment Hux thought he might have horrendously misjudged the entire situation, but Ben’s poorly suppressed moan as Hux rubbed circles on the small of his back reassured him. To be sure, he leaned to the left, towards Bens’ face, and swept away his long strands of hair and tucked them gently behind one ear, then turned the boy’s face towards his own. Ben was still bright red from embarrassment but his brows were drawn and lips parted in a look of both shame and desire. His big, round eyes pleaded at Hux silently, conveying a messaged he refused to speak out loud. Hux smirked, his confidence renewed. “You like this, don’t you Ben?” Ben squeezed his eyes shut and bit his bottom lip, nodding silently. “What’s that?” Hux demanded. “I can’t hear you.” “Mmm-hmm,” Ben mumbled, nodding his head faster. Hux raised his right hand and brought it down sharply against Ben’s ass, causing the boy to cry out in pain and surprise, his eyes shooting open. “Speak properly to me. Look me in the eyes.” “Yes,” Ben groaned, looking up at Hux from under his long, dark lashes with a tremble. “I like it.” He grimaced as the words left his mouth, seemingly appalled in himself for admitting as much but unable to deny it. “Disgusting,” Hux purred, rubbing his hand soothingly on the spot he had just hit. “That’s why I have to punish you. Show you some much needed discipline.” He smacked his hand hard against Ben’s ass again. Ben was less shocked this time around but still gasped with the sting. Hux grabbed a handful of hair and directed Ben’s attention up towards his computer screen and the video still playing on it, silently commanding him to stay still and watch it. Then he worked his hands down Ben’s body, one sliding around to feel his chest and stomach, the other pushing the hem of his loose cotton shirt up to the shoulder blades and rubbing the smooth skin revealed underneath. Ben’s eyes focused solely on the video in front of him but he moaned under his breath as Hux trailed fingers over his skin. Ben was warm and soft, and Hux enjoyed the way his skin goose-pimpled in the wake of his touch. He alternated between the lightest brush of his fingernails to squeezing him so hard he could have left fingertip-shaped bruises, and everything in between. Ben reacted well to all of it. He brushed his fingers over Ben’s collarbone, pinched his nipples between his knuckles, massaged a thumb along the muscle under his shoulder blade, traced a pattern along the sprinkling of dark freckles dotted over his back. Ben gasped and leaned into each touch, arching his back and pushing his pelvis forward until Hux felt the hardness of his cock press against his own thigh. Hux moved down to Ben’s hips and around to his front, popping open the button of his jeans and slipping his left hand under the fabric. Ben gasped again, moaning and trembling with renewed vigour. Hux worked his hand down until he had a good grip on Ben’s erection and squeezed it, twisting his wrist ever so slightly while the other hand held him in place by the hip. Ben whispered a swear and Hux smacked him on the ass for it, eliciting another cry. He withdrew his hand and tugged on Ben’s jeans and boxers, working them off his hips and letting them drop down to his ankles. Ben’s hard cock bounced free and rested against Hux’s thigh, a drop of precome leaving a stain on the black fabric. Ben squirmed and rocked his hips forward just enough to earn some much needed friction, but didn’t dare to move too much from the position Hux had placed him in. Hux felt like he could barely restrain himself with Ben sprawled across his lap, completely exposed, submissive and pliant. He wanted to throw Ben against the wall and force himself inside of him, fucking his ass or his throat raw. He wanted to bite and scratch and dig in his nails until he bled, to choke him with his bare hands and feel his fluttering pulse beneath his palm, to hurt him and humiliate him until he cried and then lick the tears off his face, to push him to the very limit of both pleasure and pain. He wanted to mark this boy as his . He did none of that, however. Instead, he brought his hand down sharp once more against Ben’s now bare ass. As tempting as it was to rush things, Hux valued the excitement and anticipation of taking things slow. He also knew that although Ben had surprised him thus far, the boy was very likely not ready for anything of that level. He would be patient. Ben gripped his fingers into Hux’s trousers and the flesh beneath as Hux smacked him relentlessly hard again and again, writhing and gasping for breath as Hux simultaneously beat him and rubbed a comforting hand up and down the length of his back, shushing him softly. Hux was still vaguely aware of the video playing in his peripheral vision, could hear the actors moaning and whispering to each other (and that one particularly appealing word kept catching his attention and making his cock twitch), but he was too intently focused on Ben’s ass, blossoming with colour, to watch the video with him. Ben appeared to be enjoying it though, not once shifting his gaze since Hux had turned him to face it. Or maybe he was just being obedient. Hux finally stopped his assault as Ben’s ass grew raw and his groaning began to sound more like pain than pleasure. He rubbed soothing hands over both cheeks, squeezing occasionally, and considered his next move. How far was too far for Ben? He could ask, but Ben seemed to be too ashamed to voice his desires. There was an appeal in forcing him to admit to what he wants and watch him squirm in discomfort, but that could always come later. Right now there was a larger appeal in finding out those limits through trial and error. Ben had taken everything Hux had dished out so far, so he might as well keep going until he reached the limit. He leaned down towards Ben. “Are you sorry for what you’ve done, Ben?” he purred into the boy’s ear. “Do you understand why I had to hurt you?” Ben nodded his head and sniffed, blinking back tears as he grinded against Hux’s thigh again. “Speak up.” Hux squeezed his ass cheeks, digging his fingertips into the sore flesh. “Y-Yes. I – ah! – I understand.” “Good. And are you sorry for what you’ve done? For being so unspeakably filthy?” “Yes,” Ben whimpered. “I’m sorry.” “Then you should say ‘thank you’ to me for disciplining you, shouldn’t you?” Hux breathed into Ben’s ear, his lips and teeth brushing against the sensitive skin. “Yes. Yes. Thank you for disciplining me.” “You can do better, Ben. What do you call me?” “Thank you, mister Hux?” Hux hummed thoughtfully in Ben’s ear. “No.” “Thank you, sir?” “Not quite.” Hux ran his hands up Ben’s back, snaking one around his shoulders to cup his throat and lift his chin towards the computer monitor. He pressed his cheek flush against Ben’s, watching the screen with him. The boy in the pornographic video was pleading for more, one word repeating on his lips over and over. “There’s your clue. If I have to discipline you like a child, then how should you address me?” “Nnng…” Ben moaned. With his hand around Ben’s throat, Hux could feel him swallow nervously before answering, in a croaky whisper, “Daddy.” Hux closed his eyes, suppressing a moan of his own. He trailed his nose along Bens’ jaw and pressed a light kiss to his neck. “Good boy,” he whispered into Ben’s ear. “Now, thank your daddy properly.” Ben choked on a whimper, almost sobbing as he pushed the words out. “Th-thank you for punishing me, d-daddy.” He rutted gracelessly and unreservedly against one of Hux’s thighs, still bent over with his fingers clawing into the other. “Good boy,” Hux murmured again. “Perhaps you deserve a reward now.” Slowly, he trailed the tip of one thumb from the nape of Ben’s neck to the small of his back, down to his tailbone and then to the tight opening of his ass. Ben writhed and whimpered. With the flat of his thumb Hux pushed against it. Ben cried out, removed one hand from its position on Hux’s thigh and reached for his own cock, apparently unable to refrain from touching himself any longer. He moaned openly, loudly , and pumped his wrist with furious speed as Hux pushed harder, not yet entering him but applying enough pressure that it probably stung a little. Ben swore again and dropped his head so it rested on Hux’s knee. Hux grabbed him by the hair and pulled him back up to stare wide-eyed at the screen once again. “Don’t look away, Ben. This is what you wanted, isn’t it? This is your dirty little fantasy?” “Y-yes, daddy.” He squeezed one ass cheek with his free fingers and shoved his thumb harder, twisting it so the tip entered him and pressed hard against the inside of Ben’s ass. He knew it would sting without lubrication, but that only spurred his desire. Ben gaped helplessly up at the screen in front of him, watching as the older man of the two jerked himself off over the boy’s face and into his open, eager mouth. Hux pushed his thumb in down to the knuckle, crooking it mercilessly. “Good boy, Ben.” Hux felt Ben’s entire body shudder, with one hand in his hair and the other holding his ass tight. Ben cried out as he came and Hux felt the warmth and wetness of it hit his thighs and soak into his trousers, but he kept still and held Ben firmly as the boy rode out his orgasm. The video ended, and the room was silent save for Ben’s panting. Hux pulled his thumb from Ben’s ass, drawing a pathetic whimper from him. “Filthy,” he told him as Ben dropped to his knees. Hux turned and placed one leg on either side of him. “Clean up your mess.” Ben reached for a box of tissues on his desk but Hux stopped him with a tug on his hair. “Ah-ah-ah.” Ben looked at him, bleary eyed and confused. Hux smiled slightly and pushed Ben’s head down towards his lap, all but rubbing his nose in his own come. “Clean it up.” Ben hesitated and gulped, but then reached out with his tongue and began to lap up the come from Hux’s trousers. Hux swept his hair out of the way and ran his fingers through it as a reward. His breath hitched in his throat as Ben licked up some that had landed on his covered erection, able to feel the softness of Ben’s tongue and warmth of his breath even through the layers of clothes. Ben spent extra time cleaning this spot, pressing his tongue and lips against it over and over until Hux began to question the parameters of his self-control. But before he had to pull him away, Ben stopped. He sat back on his ankles, pulling his shirt down to cover his exposed body, and lowered his head as the afterglow of his orgasm dissipated and shame and mortification overtook him. Hux took his chin and tilted it upwards so that Ben was forced to meet his eyes. Ben’s brown ones were as big as moons and quivering in fear, tears prickling the edges. Hux understood. He was terrified of receiving more degradation now that he was so vulnerable and already full of shame and self-loathing. But showing him more contempt now would only make things worse, so Hux did the opposite. He ran his knuckles gently across Ben’s cheekbone and told him with as much sincerity as he could muster: “You were a very good boy.” Ben looked up at him, wide eyed in his doubt and insecurity. Ben had a smear of his own white come along the corner of his mouth and running across his cheek. Hux wiped it up slowly with a fingertip, then brought it to Ben’s soft pink lips. Ben parted his mouth obediently and sucked as Hux pushed the finger in, quickly joined by a second, feeling around the inside of his mouth – soft and warm and wet and so, so inviting. He pumped the fingers in and out slowly, feeling them drag delightfully across Ben’s plush lips. Ben flicked his tongue along them, coating them wet with saliva and Hux fought to supress a moan. With effort, he pulled his fingers out and dried them on Ben’s hair. “Such a good boy,” he whispered again, then he stood and straightened out his clothes, looking down at Ben and appreciating the way he stared up at him almost awestruck. He swept Ben’s hair out of his face one last time and smiled at him. In some twisted way, this was the closest he had ever been to feeling paternal towards the boy. He huffed in amusement at the thought. Then he turned on his heels and left the room without another word, softly shutting the door behind him and leaving Ben kneeling on the floor.