The pressure lock on the medical bay doors released, revealing a short but grim-faced woman. Rey felt herself straighten up as the woman approached her. “You must be Rey,” she said before Rey could speak. Between them, the medical droids probing at Rey backed off to the far corners of the room, busying themselves with other patients. “General Organa, but please just call me Leia,” she added as an afterthought, brushing a stray strand of hair from her face. Rey felt her heart sink at the revelation. Rey knew she would be questioned by the Resistance, but she hadn't expected the leader herself to enter the medbay not twenty minutes after their landing. “I know you're tired, and a lot has happened,” the woman continued in an austere tone. Her hair was more grey than brown, and shallow lines had settled into her face, but there was nothing aged or careworn about the keen, penetrating gaze in her brown eyes. Rey had the uncomfortable feeling that this woman could see inside of her. “But I need you to tell me everything that happened.” Rey's thoughts were a jumbled mess. How could she explain the bizarre events of the last few hours? She opened her mouth to speak, but she didn't know where to start. Her kidnapping on Takodana? The strange interrogation where she saw inside of Kylo Ren's mind, or perhaps the events on the bridge? “Perhaps I should tell you what I already know, and you can fill in the gaps,” General Organa suggested. “Your friend Finn told me you had been taken prisoner by the First Order—that you were likely being held on Starkiller Base for questioning.” “He knew I'd seen the map,” Rey finally managed. It was clear who “he” was in reference to. Something tightened in the muscles around the General's mouth. “What happened when you were brought to base?” Rey's brain felt like mud. It took all of her effort to push aside the cloudy fatigue and sort through the bizarre events of the day. “He tried to question me about the droid—Kylo Ren did. He could get inside my head...” her voice faltered. “And... I can't explain it...” “Try,” the General encouraged, her tone more stern than she perhaps intended. Rey launched into the jumbled story of seeing into Ren's mind, of convincing her Stormtrooper guard to free her, of running into her rescuers in her attempt to flee. “And Han, he—he walked onto the bridge, called out to Ren by a different name--” “Ben,” General Organa supplied. Rey hesitated in surprise. “I'll explain my side later,” she said dismissively. “Please, continue.” “They were talking—Han asked him to come home—he said 'we miss you.' And that Snoke was using Ren for his power. Convinced him to give it all up...” Rey's voice faltered as the memories trickled back into the forefront of her mind, her wounds opening anew. A vice had formed around her throat, making it difficult to continue speaking. “We had set explosives all around the oscillator—I don't remember what happened first, but the First Order was firing on us, and the detonator went off. It was chaos everywhere... The exits were blocked off from the collapsing structure... Ren tried to show us the way out--” “He helped you to escape?” General Organa interrupted, her thin brows knitting together in surprise. “We nearly made it out of the oscillator, but it was so heavily damaged...” Rey could feel a pressure behind her eyes as the vice around her windpipe tightened. She took a steadying breath, willing herself to hold her composure. “Han, he—he didn't...” She cleared her throat loudly. “Ren tried to save him,” she said instead, unable to find the words to explain what had happened. General Organa reached out a hand and laid it gently on Rey's shoulder. Rey looked at it before daring to make eye contact with the older woman, meeting General Organa's grief head-on. For a long moment the two women looked at each other, sharing a sorrow that cut too deep for words. Around them, medical technicians and droids alike rushed around, tending to the injured pilots from the days' battle. It was quite chaotic, but a heavy sense of emptiness had settled around Rey and the General, leaving the two women feeling cut off from reality. “How are the others?” Rey managed to ask, breaking the silence. “Chewie isn't seriously injured, and we expect your friend Finn to make a full recovery,” General Organa said, withdrawing her hand. She took a half-step away from Rey, seeming to shrink into herself. There was a pause. “And Ren?” Rey managed to ask. The General's eyes closed as she ran a shaking hand over them. “He's being worked on. He lost a lot of blood.” Rey felt conflicted by the news. Ren was certainly not her friend, but he had saved their lives, and Rey herself spent the better part of their flight to D'Qar trying to keep him alive. Something like worry snuck into Rey's chest, and she attributed it to her own grief over Han's death. If Ren died, then Han died for nothing—the precious few minutes they had spent on the bridge could have been used in their escape from the oscillator. “How are you feeling?” the General asked pointedly. “I'll be fine.” “The droids are likely done with you for now,” she continued, looking Rey over. Her eyes lingered a little too long on Rey’s bloodstained clothes. “Are you hungry?” Rey shook her head. “Tired? I can find somewhere quiet for you to rest.” “No.” Another pause. “Then perhaps you won't mind joining me in my office before I get swamped with debriefings,” General Organa continued. “We have a lot we still need to discuss, and I'd rather not do it somewhere public.” Rey couldn't imagine what the Resistance General would want to discuss with her, but she slid off the gurney and followed the older woman out of the medical bay in obedient silence. The halls of the base were just as chaotic, and Rey had to duck and dodge between bodies to keep up with the General. Rey followed her through a maze-like labyrinth of vine-covered tunnels before they turned sharply into a narrow corridor adorned with identical pairs of pressure-sealed doors. General Organa turned to the left, and Rey followed. “Have a seat,” General Organa said, gesturing to the only chair that wasn't buried under stacks of equipment or files. Rey took a hesitant seat, looking around the cramped room. It was a respectable size, but it was filled with so much clutter that Rey felt claustrophobic just looking at it all. General Organa moved a pile from her own chair, sitting down tiredly behind her desk. She leaned back, running a hand over her brow once more. Rey watched her in silence, sitting stiffly on the edge of her seat while she waited. “The map to Luke is safe,” General Organa finally said, breaking the uncomfortable silence. She straightened up in her chair to get a better look at Rey. “We looked at it earlier—but it's only a fragment. The greater map is missing, so we sill can't track down where Luke may have gone.” Rey's heart sank at that news. She wracked her brain for the right sympathetic words when something else crossed her mind. And we have the rest, recovered from the archives of the Empire... Rey stiffened, struck by the sudden thought. “Rey?” came the General's concerned tone. “I know where the rest of it is,” she said, her eyes finding General Organa's. “The First Order has it... he told me...” The General let out a sigh, looking almost defeated. “Well... we'll have to think of a way to get that information, then. I just thought you should know since you worked so hard to keep it safe...” Rey's thoughts were still focused on Kylo Ren, on his strange conversation with Han on the bridge... “Han was Kylo Ren's father,” Rey began slowly, hesitantly. “He is—was,” General Organa corrected herself, wincing at her own words. She paused, then continued in a tired voice, “And he's my son as well.” It took a moment for the words to process, but when they did, Rey felt like a bomb went off inside of her, shaking her brain around her skull and making it impossible to think straight. “He—what?” “Han and I were married at one time, and we had a son named Ben,” the General said, a faraway look on her face. “And Ben--” “Is Kylo Ren,” the General finished for her. “Yes.” “But... but how--” “That is a very long, and very complicated story,” General Organa said heavily, guessing the question Rey was struggling to ask. “And I only know how it began. The important thing to know is that Ben didn't choose his path—he was singled out by Supreme Leader Snoke of the First Order since he was very young. Snoke wanted Ben for his power, so he stole him away from us--” Rey was struggling to keep up. “He... kidnapped him?” she guessed. “Ben must have seen into your mind during your interrogation, right? A very rare ability, even among trained Force-users. Ben learned to do it because he's had his own mind invaded and manipulated since childhood,” she continued seriously. “I don't know the details, but I do know that Ben wouldn't remain with the First Order unless he believed he had no choice.” “But he gave it all up when Han asked him to leave with us,” Rey said slowly. The General wiped at her cheek hastily, turning her eyes toward the ceiling to keep more tears from escaping. “There are so many things I wish I could change,” she said softly. She let out a short breath. “I'm getting away from myself—you didn't come here to listen to an old woman's regrets--” Rey waited, frowning, as the General composed herself. “If you need a flight back to Jakku, Chewie would be happy to escort you,” she continued. “I know you were planning to return home after bringing BB-8 to us--” “Oh,” was all Rey managed to say. That had been her plan, but now that the moment had arrived, Rey felt herself hesitating. “It is Jakku, isn't it?” “Yes,” Rey replied quickly. “You don't have to go now,” the General continued kindly. “If you want another day or two to see how Finn is getting on--” “I guess I just--” Rey stopped herself mid-sentence, unsure of what she was trying to say. “Or you can stay,” General Organa added. “We could certainly use all the help we can get. The choice is yours.” Rey bit the inside of her lip, hesitating. She had already been gone from Jakku for too long... “If you don't mind my asking,” General Organa said in response to Rey's long silence. “What is on Jakku? If it's a job, I'd be happy to provide you one here--” “No, it's not that,” Rey said quietly. “I've been... waiting. For my family.” General Organa raised an eyebrow. “Are they meeting you there?” “It's more complicated than that,” Rey allowed. She felt herself sink into the chair. “I've been waiting for them since I was very little, expecting that they would come back for me.” The pitying look of sympathy from General Organa—especially in the wake of the woman's grief—was almost too much for Rey to bear. She tore her gaze away, staring determinedly at a pile of old data pads on top of a filing cabinet in the corner. “Think about it,” came the General's kind voice a moment later. “And stay here meanwhile. When you're ready to leave, we'll say our goodbyes.” Rey didn't turn to look at her. The crushing reality of her insignificant place in the universe was suffocating her. The knowledge that no one was coming back for her coupled with the grief of Han's death was too much. Rey felt entirely alone. “Finn says you're a pretty good pilot and mechanic,” General Organa tried again. “I'm sure we could find you some work in the meantime.” Rey sucked in a sharp breath, tapping her foot sharply against the floor in trepidation as she turned her gaze back to the General. Thinking about her situation had filled Rey with anxiety. “What's going to happen to the Resistance?” She hesitated. “We'll have to act quickly. The destruction of the Republic's fleet has left us vulnerable—they're open to further assault from the First Order, and they'll be relying on us for protection. But in the present moment, I think we can allow ourselves a day to recuperate—the First Order will be reeling from the unexpected loss of their superweapon. And no doubt Snoke will be searching the galaxy desperately for Ben.” Once again their conversation had drifted back to the strange man in a mask—the same man who had saved them from certain death just hours after he attempted to intercept the map to Skywalker. Rey wondered how dire his situation really was—if he was spared from death by the medical droids, would he go back to the First Order? Would he stay? “I would appreciate it if you kept what I have told you a secret,” General Organa said in a low voice. “Very, very few people in the galaxy know Kylo Ren's true identity—most people believe Ben Solo died fifteen years ago. It would... make it easier on me while I figure out our next move.” Re’s brows knit together. “Who else knows?” General Organa gave a non-committal half-shrug. “Snoke of course, Chewie, Luke... maybe half a dozen other people scattered throughout the galaxy.” Rey was surprised by the low number. It must have showed on her face, because then General Organa added, “Snoke made it very clear to the First Order that Ben's true identity would never be revealed—that's why Ben wore the mask, in case anyone recognized him. And when Ben fell to the Dark side, everyone in the Republic just assumed he'd died in the destruction of Luke's Academy.” That triggered a memory in the back of Rey's mind. “Han said one of Luke's students was to blame. An apprentice had turned against him...” General Organa's silence was answer enough. Rey suddenly wondered whether the thought of Kylo Ren returning to the Light was just the mad dream of desperate, heart-broken parents rather than a true possibility. “You have to remember that Ben was only a child,” General Organa implored, sensing Rey's revulsion. “A child was able to destroy an entire Academy?” Rey asked with raised eyebrows. “It wasn't like you're imagining,” General Organa said sadly, almost shamefully. “Besides, I can only guess as to the depth of Snoke's control over Ben all these years—only he can say for sure what happened.” A heavy, awkward silence settled between them once more. “I think I'll go check on Finn, see how he's doing,” Rey said slowly. General Organa shot to her feet. “Yes—yes, of course. I'll walk you back to the medbay, you'll get lost trying to find it on your own--” The two women walked in single file, neither speaking to the other as they made their way through the winding corridors. It was less chaotic, though half a dozen different Resistance Fighters pointed at their data pads as they passed, signaling that they had reports to share. “Ten minutes, and I'll call a debriefing,” General Organa told each of them. Her voice was determined, full of an energy Rey couldn't imagine summoning under such miserable circumstances. A heavy weight seemed to bear down on the General's shoulders, giving her a slightly shrunken appearance, but the woman was not going to be so easily defeated. Rey suddenly understood why Leia Organa was the General. The med bay was still busy, full of droids and medical technicians working and rushing between patients. Piles of dirty dressings and bacta patches lay in scattered heaps across the floor and on abandoned tables. The General led the way through the brightly lit room, navigating the way between workstations and curtains. The patients in this part of the medbay were more grievously injured, lying unconscious as droids applied bacta patches to exposed skin. Rey felt a crushing sense of trepidation as her eyes searched the beds for a familiar face. “Where’s the ex-Stormtrooper? Finn?” Rey heard the General asking a nearby droid. The unit whizzed in a semi-circle to indicate a row of beds blocked by curtains. “Right—thank you.” Rey was lightheaded when she approached Finn’s bed. She was relieved by the General’s assurances that he would make a full recovery, but also disconcerted that he was still out of it. “As I said, we expect a full recovery,” General Organa said over Rey’s shoulder, her voice full of sympathy. “Give him a day or two--” “Excuse me, General--” Rey and General Organa turned to see a young but exhausted medical technician standing at the end of the partition. She held a datapad close to her chest, indicating that she had something private to share. “I have an update on our patient's condition.” The General's face hardened as she followed the technician. Rey hesitantly took a few steps to the end of Finn's bed, peering around the partitions. It was rude to eavesdrop, but her curiosity was getting the better of her. The technician and General Organa had stepped off to the side, toward a set of doors that indicated storage, but Rey got the impression the sign was deliberately misleading. The two Resistance women whispered to each other—General Organa mostly listened while the medical technician spoke—and Rey tried to make out what they were saying. She watched as the doors marked “storage” opened, and General Organa and the technician disappeared past them. Rey hesitated a moment longer before returning to Finn's side. She sank onto the edge of the bed, her hands finding Finn's. She was overwhelmed by Finn's loyalty and regard for her well-being, and thought of trying to explain to him—once more—that she needed to return to Jakku. The idea repulsed her, filled her with a heavy weight of dread; it seemed so unkind to leave Finn after all he had done for her. Rey wiped at a stray tear on her cheek with the palm of her hand, trying to make sense of the place her path had taken her. “What do you want to do, General?” It was Poe's voice that broke the silence. It had been exactly five hours since the arrival of the Millennium Falcon and its injured, wayward crew. Chewie had been released to light duty while Finn was still recovering in the medbay. The girl Rey was given access to the women's quarters to try to rest after being practically force-fed a meal by General Organa herself. Debriefing after debriefing had occurred, and all General Organa could determine was that she needed more time. She gave everyone the night off under the guise of celebration while she holed herself in the War Room with a handful of her most-trusted advisors and operators, and they worked out what to do. “Do we know why Kylo Ren agreed to come back with them?” Admiral Ackbar asked suspiciously. “Rey says Han convinced him to,” General Organa replied heavily, rubbing at her temple. Her heart hurt every time she so much as thought his name, but there was no time to grieve. She had a gravely-injured son in the medical bay, and—in spite of years of dreaming of this moment—had no idea what to do with him. He was a First Order soldier, Snoke's top pupil, and protocol demanded that he be interrogated and held as a prisoner of war... The General couldn't even entertain the thought of protocol without a wave of nausea threatening to overcome her. She was focused on a simple but desperate mantra... save Ben, save Ben... but she had no idea how. “And you trust that it's the truth?” Lieutenant Seastriker querried. General Organa threw up her hands in defeat. “I have no choice but to believe it.” “It could be a trap,” Seastriker continued, his voice grave as his eyes scanned the hesitant faces of General Organa's cabinet. “Why would Ren come back so suddenly? Wasn't he in charge of helping the First Order find this map to Luke Skywalker?” The General let out a heavy sigh. “I asked Han to try to bring him back.” There was a heavy silence. All eyes were on General Organa, who was staring at a spot on the table they sat around. “I will question Ben myself when he wakes up. The droids tell me it might be a few days... Rey and Chewie are convinced he returned of his own volition, that he risked his life to save theirs in their escape from Starkiller Base... we have to be impartial. This isn't the first time a First Order soldier has defected... “Furthermore,” she added, looking at each person in the room individually. “Kylo Ren's true identity does not leave this room. Nor do I want any of you giving any credence to the rumors going around base that Kylo Ren is in our medbay... As far as the official report is concerned, he is an as-yet unnamed First Order soldier who defected, just as Finn did to save Poe. We need to find out exactly what happened in that oscillator. If Ben has truly abandoned the First Order, he will be in incredible danger—the Republic will be furious that we are harboring him, and Snoke may already be out searching for him. If Ben agrees to help us, then his identity—both as Kylo Ren and his true self—must absolutely remain a secret.” “And if he doesn't?” Seastriker asked. General Organa let out a heavy sigh. “Then I suppose we'll have to deal with that option once it arrives. He certainly cannot return to the First Order—treason is not tolerated. Ben couldn't go back if he wanted to—Snoke hardly trusted him before all of this and he certainly won't, now.” “That is an enormous thing to hide, General,” said Captain Wexley. He still hadn't changed out of his orange jumpsuit following the assault on Starkiller Base. “The fallout from such a thing becoming public would be tremendous...” “Believe me, I've worked every possible scenario where we come clean,” the General replied. “But there's no other way that doesn't threaten Ben's safety—we need him to be on our side, and spreading the word of his identity and causing half the galaxy to hunt him down is not a sign of a good-faith effort... If he agrees to assist our mission, to operate under a clean identity, then we might just have enough leverage to defeat the First Order. We cannot do it without him.” “What about Skywalker?” Poe asked. The General sighed again, her fingers working at the headache forming behind her eyes. “The map was only a fragment—we need the rest to find Luke.” She let her hand fall to her lap. “Which brings me to my next point—the girl from Jakku reports that the First Order has the rest of the star chart from the archives of the Old Empire.” “How does she know that?” Seastriker asked. “She says Ben told her.” The Resistance operatives all exchanged a look. “Perhaps Kylo Ren could acquire the rest of the map for us,” Captain Wexley said slowly, carefully guaging the General's reaction. “He would have access—he knows the First Order databases, where the information would be kept... It would certainly prove his commitment to forsake the First Order...” “That's the only option I can think of as well,” General Organa agreed heavily. “Either way we need to access First Order information, and Finn and Ben are our best hope as they have direct experience with the First Order. We can try to plan for that mission, but it will all depend on Ben—his recovery, his willingness to help...” There was another long silence as each person in the room mulled over the news. “Has there been any report from the Republic?” General Organa finally asked, breaking the silence. “Nothing official,” Greer Sonnel spoke up. She was a relatively new recruit to the Resistance, operating as the Chief Communications Officer following her infamous resignation from the Galactic Senate the year before. “My contacts state the Republic is still trying to survey the total loss of the Hosnian System—they're hoping survivors managed to escaped via spacecraft, but...” her voice trailed off awkwardly. “And the Senate? Have they released any statements?” “Just one, ma'am,” Greer continued in a grave voice. She pulled her datapad out and began to read aloud, “The surviving members of the seventy-third Galactic Senate, Confederacy of Independent Systems, and Alliance of the Core Worlds convenes on the two-hundred and fortieth day of this solar cycle to mourn the loss of innocent lives in the Hosnian System. This attack was an act of treachery and hostility, and the mark of Darkness spreading throughout the galaxy. The Republic has faced violent opposition in the past, and did not then—nor will it today—bow to those who intend to destroy democracy and endanger the peace to which our galaxy has become accustomed. We mourn with you today over this unimaginable loss. May the Force be with you.” Greer looked up when she finished reading to find the General staring at her expectantly. “That's it?” General Organa asked. Greer set her datapad on the table. “Er, yes, General.” General Organa rolled her eyes, straightening her posture in her chair. She was only half-surprised that the Republic didn't call out the First Order directly; the new government had long dragged its feet when it came to doing anything that might heighten tensions and risk open and violent conflict. The General had hoped, following Hosnian Prime's destruction, that the Republic might finally accept the threat the First Order posed. “And nothing from the Separatists, I'm sure,” General Organa added bitterly. “No, General, but there's still time for them to release statements—word is still reaching the Outer Rim,” Greer answered. “Very well,” General Organa replied tightly. She drummed her fingers in agitation against the tabletop, trying to force her brain to think. She needed an immediate plan of action—they wouldn't have the upper hand for long—but all she could think about was the crushing weight of Han's death and how her world would truly end if her son died now, so close to his return to the Light. “That should be enough for tonight,” she finally decided, getting to her feet. The rest of her cabinet followed suit. “You all deserve to join the parties and get some rest. When we've got fresh minds we'll discuss our next move.” General Organa stuffed her datapad in her vest pocket as she traveled the now-empty corridors of the Resistance Base in heavy silence. Her footsteps echoed ominously, slow and weary as General Organa forced herself to close the distance to the medbay. The unit was quieter now—most of the fighters had been released to recover in their private quarters, and those who remained were asleep. The bright lights of the unit had dimmed considerably, giving the ward a creepy, watchful feeling. General Organa slipped between the doors labeled “storage” and hesitated. Her son lay on the gurney, his heavy black layers cut away to reveal pale, freckled skin. His bandaged chest rose and fell gently with each breath, eyelids fluttering every now and again under the weight of drug-induced sleep. He was hooked up to various tubes and wires, and the machines that monitored his life signs hummed softly in the oppressive quiet. General Organa took a few steps forward, allowing herself to sink onto the edge of the bed. Her hands found her son's—they were broad like his father's, callused and worn. She took his hand into hers, clutching it tightly as her eyes drank in the first good look she had gotten of her son since before he ran away. Ren was darker than either of his parents, his head crowned by a mop of soft black curls. He had Han's quizzical brow, even in sleep, and as a child he had shared his mother's sharp wit. General Organa wondered if he still had it, or if it was yet another thing Snoke had stolen from her boy. The General's eyes searched the unconscious form of her son. He was draped in the linen blankets of the medical bay, but his exposed skin revealed battles both past and present: white knots of scar tissue weaved across his skin, mingling with the superficial burns and scrapes that hadn't had the time to heal. General Organa felt a surge of pain—an overwhelming drive to protect her son had mingled with the shame she felt at failing so strongly; and though her son was now a grown man, General Organa felt the urge to scoop him up like he was the innocent little boy she had known so long ago. Behind her, the doors slid open in near-silence. “I thought I would find you in here,” came the soft voice of Poe Dameron. General Organa half-turned to look over her shoulder in his direction, but didn't speak. Poe took a few steps forward, his hands on his hips as he frowned at the unconscious man before them. “It's strange,” he finally said. He gave a half-shrug at the quizzical look the General gave him. “I mean, I always knew he was human under that mask, but...” General Organa knew what Poe was trying to get at. Kylo Ren was a phantom, a black ghost that haunted the upper ranks of the First Order, clad in dark cloaks and an imposing mask. Rumors circulated that Ren was anything from a droid to the animated corpse of an old Sith Lord, brought to life by the machinations of Supreme Leader Snoke. The one thing General Organa was certain of was that Kylo Ren was a smokescreen, a facade crafted by Snoke to control the man underneath the mask. Poe cleared his throat. “Has he woken up yet?” “No,” General Organa replied, her voice hollow. She shook her head. “No, the medics say they're going to keep him out of it for a little while—the droids stitched him up the best they could, but there...” She hesitated as she gathered her wits about herself. “...he was critically wounded...” There was an awkward silence between them. General Organa felt Poe glance her way, but she couldn't put on the face of the Resistance Leader, not right now... “When he does,” Poe said carefully. General Organa noticed the deliberate use of when instead of if. “You have my full support, whatever you decide to do.” “What if my son is determined to go back to the First Order, and I turn a blind eye to allow him to escape?” General Organa replied dully. “You would never do that,” Poe admonished softly. “And even if you did, I would trust you had a very good reason, so yes—I would support you even then.” “I don't think many people will share your confidence.” Poe cleared his throat awkwardly. Finally, he said, “Finn was a Stormtrooper, and no one questioned him when he defected... and while this is admittedly a much larger and far stranger situation, we at least owe him the same chance to explain himself... at the very least, not having to contend with Kylo Ren will make dealing with the First Order much easier...” He shot a wary glance at Ren's unconscious form. “And I wouldn't envy anyone found on the wrong side of that lightsaber.” Chapter 2 “It’s too late.” “No it’s not… Leave here with me, come home...” Ren hesitated on the walkway, taking an unconscious half-step back. His father was only feet from him. There was no anger or fear in the other man. Instead, Han Solo stood bravely before him, offering Ren the one thing he had waited a lifetime for: acceptance. Forgiveness. A plea to come home. The Supreme Leader had insisted no one would ever come looking for Ren after the destruction of Luke’s Academy, and Ren had secretly begun to fear he was right. “We miss you.” The knife that was plunged in Ren’s heart twisted sharply. His breath caught in his throat. His father’s words were suffocating. How could anyone want him back after all this time? After everything he had done? They couldn’t—the Supreme Leader was right—this was a trick, the same trap Darth Vader fell into all those years before. No one was coming back for him—Ben Solo was dead and his family abandoned him, leaving him to seek belonging in the Dark Side. He’ll crush you… Han’s words hung heavy in the forefront of Ren’s mind. He knew it was true—the Supreme Leader distrusted him. He encourageded the conflict inside of Ren in order to control him, fueling the pain that fed Ren's power but offering him no solution to master it. There was so much Darkness in him that Ren could never go back to his family, but there was also too much Light to ever belong among the First Order. He was damaged, sub-human and without a place to which he belonged. The only way for Snoke to accept him would be to prove his worth to the Dark side… to sever all ties to his former life and kill whoever stood in his way. “I’m being torn apart,” he blurted out. His insides felt like they were crumbling against the tide of desperation that threatened to drown him. Deep inside, the secret holes he kept hidden even from himself snagged at his resolve, jagged and cruel. He was faltering, falling, with no safety in sight. “I want to be free of this pain… I know what I have to do, but I don’t know if I have the strength to do it…” Across from him, Han Solo was close enough to touch. Ren had dreamt of such a reunion for years, but it always ended in the same stinging pain of rejection. He steeled himself up for the inevitable with what fearful pride he still retained, and looked his father in the eye. “Will you help me?” Another step forward. His father opened his mouth to speak, but a series of explosions rocked the oscillator. The bridge swayed dangerously, threatening to dislodge them as fire engulfed the space around them-- Ren jerked awake with a gasp, expecting to be surrounded by fire and ash, but the world around him was calm. He forced his eyes open, blinking several times to clear the fog while he took in his surroundings. Blurry grey walls and white lights greeted him, an unfamiliar setting offering no small comforts. Ren shut his eyes again, trying to assess his bearings. An infirmary. Not on a ship, but a planet somewhere. His brain felt heavy, his thoughts trapped in muddy fatigue as they fought to reach the surface of his mind and register that he was still alive. He struggled to move his limbs, to ensure that everything was still there... Fingers caressed his forehead, pushing dark locks out of the way. Small hands—a woman. “Don't move,” she said gently. “Just rest. You've come a long way.” But Ren was never one to rest. He forced his eyes open, squinting at his blurry surroundings. Machines surrounded him, beeping and humming quietly. A vaguely familiar face came into view, worry etched into the lines around her eyes. He knew that face. Ren tried to speak, but his throat wouldn't work. There was something on his face. “Everything's fine,” came the woman's soothing voice. Fingers swept across his forehead once more. “Everything's going to be all right.” Ren shut his eyes again. For the first time he could remember, he allowed himself to be given over to peace. Rey entered the hangar bay early the next morning with the intention of collecting the rest of her things abandoned inside the Millennium Falcon. She was surprised to see a crew already working on repairs, and the hatch dropped open. She entered the ship hesitantly, acutely aware of the ghosts that now lived inside. She entered the main hold and stopped in her tracks, her eyes falling onto the scene of carnage she had forgotten about. Pools of dried blood, marred with handprints, covered most of the floor. Bloody footprints zig-zagged in a path to and from the hull, and Rey recognized the spot where she had kneeled for most of their journey to D'Qar, desperately trying to keep Kylo Ren alive. The air was tinged with the salty taste of rust, and the smell made the hairs on the back of Rey's neck stand up while her stomach churned. “Rey?” Rey turned to see a man a few years older than herself standing at the foot of the hatch, taking a few wide steps up the ramp. “I think I left my blaster in here,” was all Rey managed to say, her voice sounding alien. “I know, I took everything out—I gave it all to Chewie,” he said carefully, his eyes searching Rey. Rey felt like she was going to faint. She tried not to look at the blood, but it was everywhere. She couldn't fight the feeling that Han's ghost was standing right behind her, scrutinizing and judging her attempts to save his son's life. Was there something more she could have done? “Come on, let's get you out of here—we haven't cleaned out the interior yet,” the man suggested, reaching out and taking a gentle hold of Rey's arm. He led her down the ramp and onto the stone floor of the hangar. He gestured that she should sit on a makeshift chair. “Maybe it's not such a good idea to go in there, yet.” “Yeah,” Rey agreed in a daze. “I'm Poe, by the way,” he added. “And--” “Oh, you're Finn's friend,” Rey said in recognition. “He told me about you. You're BB-8's master.” Poe gave her a friendly smile. “General Organa told me a bit about you, too. She said you might know your way around an X-Wing.” “TIE Fighter,” Rey corrected. “They're all over Jakku. Great parts for scrapping.” Rey inwardly cringed at her own words. Entering the Millennium Falcon had been a mistake; it threw her off balance, and now she was talking nonsense with a near-stranger. “Well, Rey, we could always use more mechanics and pilots around here,” Poe continued genially. “Yeah, maybe.” Rey's eyes found Poe's, and she saw that they were full of worry. “How about some fresh air?” he suggested. “It gets really stuffy underground after a while. I find it always helps me sort of re-calibrate after a battle.” Rey allowed herself to be led out of the hangar and into open air. D'Qar was more chilly than Takodana, and while just as green, it was far less forested. Rolling hills went as far as the eye could see, covered in low, leafy trees and flocks of various birds. Poe led Rey down the airstrip, his hands plunged deep in his pockets. “How come no one's left to find Luke Skywalker?” Rey asked. “We don't have the rest of the map,” was Poe's reply. “The piece BB-8 carried was only a fragment.” Rey felt her heart sink. All that work was for nothing... “Have you given more thought to the General's offer?” Poe asked. “About staying?” Rey let out a heavy breath. “I suppose I don't miss Jakku,” she finally said. “We could use someone like you,” he continued seriously. “I hear you're a good flier and a mechanic—the Resistance will always have a place for you.” They had reached the end of the airstrip. Rey tucked a stray lock of hair behind her ear as she squinted across the empty terrain surrounding the Resistance base. The sense of solitude was almost comforting on D'Qar, while the same emptiness had only felt dead and stifling on Jakku. “Yeah,” Rey finally agreed. “Yeah, I think I will.” When he awoke again, it was to a very different world. Ren wasn’t quite sure if he was in restraints, but the countless tubes and wires attached all over his body might as well have been ropes holding him down. His body ached with a dull numbness, and his mind was still in a fog. They had been giving him anesthetics. Ren tried to force his vision to clear, for his brain to assess his surroundings. Somewhere in the distance he could hear a muffled conversation. The voices pounded in his skull. Ren greatly preferred the silence of a drug-induced sleep, but his brain was determined to wake up. He stared at the machines he was hooked up to, assessing the number of wires and tubes attached to his arms and chest. There was a loud thud in the distance. A door slamming? Ren rolled to his side stiffly, yanking a handful of tubes out of his arm. Blood sprayed across the floor and wall; Ren, startled at the unexpected sight of it, hesitated before ripping off the monitoring cuff as well. Forcing himself to sit up straighter, he yanked the oxygen mask off his face and pulled at the wires glued to his chest. The machines began to beep in a panic. Footsteps hurried in the space outside his sterile room. Gingerly, Ren slid his legs off the bed, testing his weight carefully before taking a step forward. The doors slid open. Humans and droids alike rushed in, practically colliding with Ren, who had lost his balance. Someone caught him before he hit the floor. “It's far too early for discharge,” one of the medical droids told him, forcing Ren back to the bed. “Let me out…” Ren muttered, too weak to fight. He tried to sit up again, but the medical droids pushed him down so they could reattach the wires and tubes. “Ben, you’re hurt. You need to rest.” Ren’s eyes found his mother’s. She was much older, more careworn, but he would have recognized her anywhere. Suddenly the reality of his situation came crashing into him, and all he could think about was his father's final moments on the bridge. He had actually done it. He abandoned the First Order at the first plea of his family, caving to the same compassion that had been Darth Vader's downfall. Panic seized him, overloading his senses as Ren struggled to remember what happened. More importantly, Ren had abandoned his Master... Snoke would not let such an insult slide... “Stop—stop--you need to relax,” came his mother's voice, full of authority. She brushed the hair back from his brow as the droids worked to reattach him to the machines. Ren found her gaze, paralyzed by the fear of what he might find there. “You've endured a great deal,” she allowed seriously. Her face was full of worry. “You’re due for a long recovery. Let the droids do their work.” Gentle hands held Ren’s head steady as his mother leaned forward to kiss his forehead. “Let us work it out. Save your energy.” Something was injected into the IV. Ren’s head felt very heavy all of a sudden. He shut his eyes, allowing the drug-induced sleep to carry him away once again. Somewhere far away he heard a familiar voice say, “We’ve missed you, Ben.” “When are they letting you out?” Rey asked. It was their third day on D'Qar. General Organa had assigned Rey a temporary position as a mechanic, and Rey spent her time with the Resistane's top pilot, Poe Dameron. He was one of the General's most-trusted captains, but Rey didn't know how much Poe actually knew, and so she had to keep her thoughts of Kylo Ren to herself until Finn was released. She snuck into the medbay after hours on a regular basis, sharing the goings-on with Finn while they whispered to each other in the low light. Every two hours a droid or medical tech slipped behind the doors on the far side, and Rey had to resist the urge to follow. But now Finn was cleared for release, and Rey had brought him breakfast from the mess hall before she resumed her duties in the hangar. “Sometime after lunch, I think,” Finn replied. He was still dressed in the linen patient garb, but he was at least sitting upright and looked much more like himself. “And I've got an update on Ren,” he added in a low tone. Rey leaned forward, her interest piqued. “Last night he woke up and tried to leave.” “So he is in there--” “Yeah, I guess it was a storage room when this base was used by the Old Republic, but it's some kind of surgical room now—” “And here I thought Ren was recovering among brooms and medical parts.” “Everyone on duty rushed in there, including Organa--” Rey bit her lip to keep herself from speaking. “I couldn't hear anything that was said, obviously, but they were in there a while—and I overheard the medical techs whispering about it.” “They don't know who he is, though,” Rey guessed. “No, but you should hear some of the rumors in here--” “ You should hear what's being talked about in the hangar,” Rey countered. She glanced over her shoulder, then whispered to Finn, “They all know.” “They're guessing,” Finn replied. “They just don't know they're guessing right.” “The General doesn't want anyone to know.” “I can believe it—“ He pointed toward the doors, whispering. “ Kylo Ren is just right over there.” “Do you think he meant it?” Rey asked quietly. “About leaving the First Order?” Finn let out a long, low breath. “Maybe,” he finally allowed. “Part of me wants to say it's impossible, but it's also supposed to be impossible for a Stormtrooper to defect...” He shrugged. “But just because he doesn't want to be part of the First Order doesn't mean he's going to help us.” “I think that's what the General's hoping for,” Rey replied. “He knows everything—I mean everything—the Supreme Leader's plans, the workings of the First Order, and the Knights of Ren--” “The who?” “Knights of Ren,” Finn repeated. “They're these mercenaries that work for Snoke. Ren's their leader—but they're these Dark warriors that supposedly studied the ways of the Sith.” “But the Sith have been extinct for ages--” “I've never come across the Knights, but I've talked to Stormtroopers who have—they're ruthless, and they fight with the Force... Years ago, when I was still in school, an official announcement was made that Kylo Ren was being instated their leader. We all used to call Ren 'Jedi Killer' behind his back—but as soon as that announcement was made, no one dared to even say his name. He was this... black ghost that worked directly for Snoke. And all the stories about him talked about how he could read minds and take down an entire company with just his lightsaber... We were assigned to the same flagship, and I never saw him until we were sent to Jakku.” “Where did the name 'Jedi Killer' come from?” Rey asked, though she could hazard a guess herself. Finn shrugged. “I have no idea—he was part of the First Order before I ever finished school—or conditioning, as it really was. It was just what the upper ranks called him, and the name stuck.” Rey looked over her shoulder toward the sealed room, wondering if General Organa had spoken to him yet. She doubted it; if Ren was alert enough to talk, he would be clawing his way out of the medbay. “Did you hear about the map?” Rey asked, changing the subject. Finn nodded gravely. “Yeah, Poe came to see me last night and told me—my security clearance never went high enough to access the rest of the map--” “I think the General's trying to come up with a plan to steal the rest of it.” Finn raised an eyebrow. “What, with him?” he asked, pointing to the room in which Ren was recovering. Rey shrugged. “I suppose.” Finn shook his head. “That's too dangerous—we have no idea if we can trust him--” “I think that's what she's waiting on,” Rey explained. She sighed. “He did save our lives...” “Yeah,” Finn acknowledged, a frown on his face as his thoughts drifted to their time on Starkiller Base. “Unless it's a trap.” Rey raised an eyebrow. “You think so?” “Snoke has spies all over the place.” “Yeah, but Kylo Ren? Isn't he too important to be spying on the Resistance? He can just read everyone's mind--” “Maybe it's to get to Skywalker—Snoke will know BB-8 made it back to the Resistance, so maybe Snoke ordered him to pretend to leave the First Order so he can get the rest of that map.” Rey's brows knitted together. She sympathized with Finn's suspicion of Ren—she hadn't forgotten her interrogation just yet—but the idea of Ren being a double-agent seemed preposterous. She thought back to the moment on the bridge when Han pleaded with Ren to come home... Ren's youthful face was a mess of contradictions—suspicion, relief, anger, hope... the conflict in him was too obvious for their meeting to have been a set-up.... “Right, well, I've got to go,” Rey said, getting to her feet and brushing crumbs off the front of her mechanic's jumpsuit. “I've got an X-Wing with some serious damage to the shield that I'm trying to repair before Poe orders it scrapped.” “You know, as fun as that sounds, I think I'd rather lie in this uncomfortable cot and get probed by droids every hour, not knowing what's going on,” Finn said lightly. Rey gave him a sympathetic smile. “Don't be jealous, you'll be out soon enough.” “You think the Resistance is hiring any sanitation workers?” “Just so you know, General Organa was impressed with your clever plan to infiltrate Starkiller Base,” Rey informed him, hovering by the edge of the partition. “If you're considering a career change, I think she wants to offer you a position in her strategic mission-planning cabinet.” “Oh, is that what it's called?” “Obviously,” Rey chuckled. “And I think you should take it. Chewie recommended you.” Finn's eyes widened in surprise. “He did?” “He does like you,” Rey told him with a smirk. “Anyway—enjoy your stay in the medbay. Come find me when you've been freed.” Finn saluted her. “Yes, officer.” Rey laughed and saluted back, though she didn't quite know the movement and her signal was off a few inches. “All right, I'm leaving for real.” “Yeah, get out. I'm trying to recover, here.” Rey left the medbay with the first real smile she had worn in days. She nodded in acknowledgement as she passed the various Resistance fighters—pilots, mechanics, science officers, technicians, and various others who lended their skills and labor. Rey was still learning names, but she had begun to recognize most of the faces of the pilots and other mechanics, some of whom held both duties. “Isn't that unusual?” she had asked Poe that afternoon while they carefully took apart the shield computer from a damaged X-Wing. “It used to be, but there's just not enough of us to go around,” Poe replied. “A lot of our pilots are either senior officers who fought in the Battle of Endor thirty years ago, or kids your age who race in places like Correllia—they build their own ships and pod-racers, so they know their way around a fusial thrust engine. Half of our intelligence team are actually smugglers and pirates loyal to the General—they hear things the rest of us wouldn't, and they can move around unnoticed. We're an odd mix of soldiers, criminals, and regular citizens, but we all believe in the same thing.” “What do you think is going to happen without the Republic?” Rey asked. “Well, the planets that are in the Republic Alliance are still around—but they've lost their system of governance with Hosnian Prime gone. Most of them might join with the Federation of Independent Systems, but we're hoping people will realize what the Resistance is trying to do for the Galaxy. Others will join the First Order.” “But that would just make another Empire.” “A lot of people were on the side of the Empire, not just the First Order,” Poe told her. “The Republic had a scathing reputation for... slow progress,” he finally settled on. “They were very conscientious of the risk of corruption, so seats went up for re-election every year, and any galactic-level legislation had to be approved with a two-thirds majority vote. If it took you a year just to hammer out one piece of legislation, half the Senate seats went up for re-election and then you had to start all over. The Republic avoided roles like Chancellor, too afraid of another Palpatine, but there was no final authority to make sure the Senate was actually effective.” “How do you know all this?” Rey asked, looking up at him. “I've worked with the General for a long time,” he replied. “I was a Commander in the tiny Republic Starfleet--” “Really?” Rey interrupted, fascinated “My duties involved patrolling trade lanes in the Mirrin sector, and only that—it was not impressive,” he said ruefully. Rey shook her head. “But Commander! You must have been so young.” “I was nearly forced to resign after being ambushed by the First Order on a routine patrol, but luckily I was part of a branch that Han Solo oversaw for a time—when General Organa formed the Resistance, I was the first person to sign up.” “Han worked for the Republic?” “He was a Rebellion general during the war against the Empire,” Poe explained. “He oversaw a lot of the reconnaissance missions back then—he hated bureaucracy, though, so he didn't hold the post forever. He resigned and moved into contracted work shortly after General Organa herself was forced to leave the Senate, and formed the Resistance in secret.” “She left the Senate?” “I suppose you wouldn't have heard about the Napkin Bombing and the Hadrassian business,” Poe said, more to himself than to Rey. “The General was a senator for the Alderaan Sector for many years, part of the Populists, and a huge thorn in the side of most of the Senate,” he explained. “She says she tried to resign at least a dozen times for the sake of her family, but her loyalty to the vision of the New Republic was too strong. With each assassination, each coup, she was drawn back into the fight—and when the First Order graduated from bullying weaker planets and sponsoring illegal trade to outright assault and assassination, the General agreed to accept the nomination for First Senator. This was after the Napkin Bombing, I think, which was an attempt to kill her and most of the other Populists. “She was occupied with investigating—against Senate wishes—a threat she believed was being paid for by the First Order. The whole thing was a mess—people were assassinated, wrongfully imprisoned, there were wild accusations of double-crossing and corruption from every direction... this woman from Birren—Lady Carise—revealed to the Republic that General Organa was the daughter of Anakin Skywalker—you know who that is, right?” “Kind of?” “The Chosen One, the Jedi Knight who turned against the Council and became Darth Vader?” “Darth Vader I've heard of,” Rey said, surprised. “Well, that information had been a secret—even the General's own son didn't know it at the time, but that's another story. Anyway—there was tremendous backlash. No one trusted the General, they accused her of being a double-agent, of secretly supporting the Old Empire. That was ironic, because the real supporters of the Empire were the ones spreading all the propaganda. Lady Carise was herself on the payroll of the First Order. The General submitted her resignation as Senator for Alderaan, but not before she uncovered the level of deception among most of the Centrists. She had just enough support to keep her post, but her presence divided an already fractured Senate. War was imminent, and the General felt the Senate was no longer effective. That's when she officially formed the Resistance. That would have been about fifteen years ago--” “Excuse me--” Rey and Poe both whipped around to see a woman close to Poe's age hovering over them, a datapad clutched to her chest. Rey recognized her as Greer Sonnel, General Organa's personal secretary and the Chief Communications Officer. “There's a conference scheduled for twenty-one hundred in the War Room tomorrow night,” she told them. “The General has requested both of you to be there.” “Me?” Rey asked, looking between Greer and Poe. “Yes, ma'am, she was very explicit,” Greer replied. “Hey, Greer,” Poe said, catching the young woman's attention before she turned to walk away. He paused when he had Greer's full attention, a small smile playing around his lips. “We still on for tonight?” “That depends,” Greer replied coolly. Poe gave her a wide, rogueish grin, to which Greer responded with a raised eyebrow and a mischievous glint in her eye. “Nineteen-hundred?” he asked. “I'm off at nineteen-thirty.” “Then I'll be waiting.” Greer pursed her lips but gave Poe an appreciative look before marching away. Rey, who had been watching the bizarre exchange in silence, turned back to Poe with a raised eyebrow. “Is she...?” “Just friends,” Poe replied easily. Rey shook her head as she turned back to her work. “I might have spent my life in the desert, but I'm not that simple.” “She doesn't like me,” Poe explained, almost laughing to himself. “But after I was taken by the First Order, she admitted she was worried about me. So she agreed to one drink with me in the officer's lounge.” “How romantic,” Rey teased. “It is a pretty nice lounge, considering everything on this base is at least thirty years old,” Poe agreed. Rey gave him an appreciative smile before her thoughts turned back to General Organa. She had heard stories about the General during her short time on base, but Poe's tale was the most impressive by far. Rey suddenly felt very small in the presence of people like Poe and the General, and wondered if she would ever be useful enough to deserve to be among their ranks. When Ren awoke for the third time, he lay perfectly still, paralyzed under the crushing weight of dread. “The General will be pleased at your progress,” said Dr. Harter Kalonia. She was around his mother's age, and alarmingly patient and skilled. When she had entered the room, Ren felt her thoughts trickle into the forefront of his mind and he realized she was the only human brave enough to deal with him. “How are you feeling?” “How much longer am I going to be here?” he asked as he stared at the ceiling, countering her question with another question. Dr. Kalonia wasn't deterred as she made note of Ren's vital signs. “Several more days at least. Your superficial wounds have responded well to the bacta treatment, but the hole in your gut will take more precise care.” Ren pulled the silicone cannula off his face, tossing it to the side. “Where's General Organa?” “In a meeting, I imagine,” Dr. Kalonia replied evasively, making a note in her datapad. She glanced at Ren, taking in his obvious agitation. “She did want to be notified when you woke up, so perhaps--” “I need to speak with her. Now.” Ren planted his knuckles on either side of the thin mattress and forced himself upright. He grit his teeth against the pain that exploded in his side at the movement. “Don't do that,” Dr. Kalonia admonished, pushing him back down by his shoulder. “You'll tear out your staples.” Ren forced himself upright again, full of defiance. He had no idea how long he had been gone or what had happened in that time; D'Qar obviously still stood, so the Resistance must have been successful in its mission to disable Starkiller Base... Ren wondered if Snoke was searching for him. His mind felt alarmingly empty, quiet... an imposing presence he had known since childhood had suddenly left, like a light blinking out of existence. Instead of comforting Ren, the absence made him anxious. He would need to speak with his mother immediately. The First Order was well aware of the location of the Resistance Base, and it wouldn't be long before another assault was planned. If Snoke knew that Ren was among them—and the Scavenger girl—he may not wait long. The door slid open, and the sudden intrusion caused Ren to freeze while Dr. Kalonia turned around in slight surprise. “General, I was just about to send a message to your office,” she said. Ren watched as General Leia Organa emerged, taking a few determined steps before stopping short. Her chest expanded as she took a deep breath, her eyes flashing up into the face of her son. At her side, her fingers absently played with the fabric of her pants. “Thank you, doctor. If you're finished, I would like a private word with our patient.” “Absolutely,” Dr. Kalonia replied. “I'll give you the update when you're finished,” she said, exiting the room. The doors slid shut behind her. There was a long silence as mother and son looked at each other, each trying to measure up the other. Ren found his voice first. “You’re afraid.” Ren spoke softly, his voice hoarse from sleep. He watched as his words hit his mother’s ears, noticed the way she seemed to clench her jaw and stiffen her shoulders. “Yes,” she replied, unsticking her throat. Ren’s eyes drank in the sight of his mother. He hadn’t seen her in almost fifteen years. There were new shadows under her bright eyes, a sternness around her mouth that he didn’t recognize. Her hair was lighter with the addition of grey, but her eyes hadn’t lost any of their youthful energy. It was the only part of her that hadn’t been touched by time. The General’s own eyes took in the appearance of her son, now a grown man. They studied his broad shoulders and followed the path of his scars before settling on his face. Something about her expression softened. “I wondered when I would see you again.” “You didn’t imagine it would be like this,” Ren said quietly, his gaze faltering as he spoke. He couldn’t quite look at her and speak at the same time. “No,” she agreed, taking another tentative step forward. Ren watched her approach, careful to sit still as a statue, as though she would bolt if he moved. He held his breath, afraid to even breathe. “I always thought you would be dead. I’m glad I was wrong.” She was standing close enough to touch. Ren gazed up at her, conflict tearing him apart. This woman was his mother, who had waited against all odds for his return, but he was no longer her son. Ben Solo died a long time ago, leaving a skeleton of the boy in his place. “Are you?” he asked in spite of himself. Leia reached a hand toward his face, tentative fingers grazing against his cheek as though to check if he were an illusion. Her touch was warm and electrifying. Ren brought his own hand up over hers, his calloused fingers clutching hers. “I came to check on you,” she added unnecessarily, letting her eyes drop to the floor as she cleared her throat. “You're not trying to leave again, are you?” They broke contact. Ren adjusted his weight in the bed, trying not to grimace. “We have to talk--” “You aren't recovered--” “It can wait—what I have to say cannot--” “Ben--” “For as long as I'm here, none of you are safe,” Ren interrupted, his tone sharp. His mother fell silent. “Snoke already knows where your base is, and if he hasn't figured it out already, it's only a matter of time before he comes searching for me here--” “And what will you do?” was her harsh reply, her dark eyes sizing up her son. The insinuation was like a sharp knife in his chest. “I've made my decision,” he said, trying to convince himself as much as his mother. The General's face was stone, but her jaw trembled. “And where will you go?” Exhaustion came on so suddenly that Ren felt dizzy. His current weakness irritated him. “That's not important—Snoke will come for you--” “The Starkiller has been destroyed.” “That isn't his only weapon,” Ren warned. “He has power far beyond machines and starships—by keeping me here, you're inviting the First Order--” “What would you have me do?” the General interrupted, her voice little more than a hiss. Her eyes were narrowed, her face tense with pain. “Let you die?” Ren bit his tongue to keep himself from saying the first things that crossed his mind. “You are a military leader—surely you can see the consequence of such an illogical risk--” “Your father is dead,” she interrupted, her words as cold as ice. “Do not suggest to me that I should lose you, too--” “The son that you knew is gone,” Ren spat. “Ben Solo is dead.” “No,” she replied softly, shaking her head slowly with stubborn disbelief. “If you want to leave, I'm not so sure I can stop you. But if you do, it will be by your own volition,” she insisted. “I refuse to accept the responsibility of turning you away. And since I doubt you can make it out of the medbay without collapsing from fatigue, you're going to have to stay here and recover until you're strong enough to steal an X-Wing and pilot it out of here yourself.” He was defeated. General Organa was the most stubborn person in the universe, and Ren didn't have the energy to spar with her. He let out a heavy breath, shaking his head. “I can't promise I can keep him out...” The General took a step closer, allowing herself to settle on the far edge of the bed. Her brows were knit together in a frown, but all anger had washed away, leaving only worry. “Is he here now?” Ren shook his head. “No,” he replied dully. “I haven't felt him at all...” She reached out for his hand. “Ben...” Ren pulled it away, shrinking into himself. “Don't.” “I know... our relationship has been difficult,” she said slowly, carefully. “And I accept full responsibility--” “Don't--” “But I can help you,” she continued earnestly. “I can try to make this right—I failed to protect you from Snoke when you were a child, but I swear if it's the last thing I do, I won't let it happen again.” Ren's blood felt ice-cold as a vice constricted around his heart. “You can't help me. It's too late.” “Ben--” “You don't know,” he interrupted her coldly. “what I've done—what I've allowed Snoke to do to me—I'm a monster--” Without warning, the General scooped up Ren in her arms, pressing him firmly against herself while her arms wrapped around his shoulders. Ren froze, startled and unsure of how to respond. “Please,” she whispered in his ear, hugging him tighter. Ren shut his eyes, clamping his jaw shut. His mother's emotions were invading his mind, ensnaring his senses and breaking apart his resolve. Compassion. The weakness Snoke had warned him about. But stronger than Ren's fear was his mother's forgiveness, bright and warm, chasing out all of the dark shadows and smoothing out the jagged edges of his soul. He didn't deserve this, but the forgiveness enveloped him freely. He just wanted it to all be over—his rise to power, his potential, his birthright... none of it mattered anymore. He would be a bug in the ground if it meant an end to his suffering, to the endless feedback loop of destruction that had overtaken his life. Ren's hands pressed against his mother's back, returning the embrace and allowing himself to collapse into her pull. Chapter 3 “The full scale of destruction remains undetermined, but the loss of Starkiller Base has put us at a significant disadvantage, almost bankrupting the First Order,” General Hux reported, craning his neck to look up at the enormous hologram of the Supreme Leader. In spite of the terrible news, Supreme Leader Snoke sat in reticent silence, his head bowed and his fist curling and uncurling with each word from Hux. “The weapon collapsed after the stabilizers holding the planet together failed, a direct result of the attack from the rebels,” Hux continued. “Most officers made it out in time, but we suffered heavy casualties regardless. All divisions were rerouted to Centax-2 for debriefing. Intelligence indicates our base was infiltrated—the shields were dropped from the inside, allowing Resistance fighters to target the stabilizers. Our intelligence team determined the infiltrators escaped the destruction of the planet, disappearing in a Corellian freighter, escorted by surviving TIE Fighters.” “And what has become of Kylo Ren?” Snoke asked patiently. Hux bristled, the only fidgeting he would allow to break his otherwise perfect posture. “The tracker implanted in his belt continued to signal for two minutes and thirteen seconds after the total collapse of our weapon,” he said with the faintest hint of disdain. “None of our surviving ships had him on board, no surviving military members can recall seeing him prior to the rebel assault... our evidence points to his survival, but no one can account for him.” “I have searched, combing through the dark recesses of the galaxy for him, but I feel... nothing,” Snoke replied, still immobile where he sat. He glared into his curled fist, full of silent disappointment. “I fear he is lost to me.” “I've instructed our intelligence team to focus on the coordinates of D'Qar, specifically for evidence of a First Order fugitive or defector—either Ren escaped the collapse of Starkiller Base only to perish in deep space, or he is among the rebels of the Resistance--” “That is a dangerous prisoner,” Snoke replied softly. “Or else a very lucky rescue...” Hux hesitated at the unasked question. Ahead of him, Snoke had turned to watch Hux for his answer. “I cannot say for certain,” Hux replied stiffly. He certainly hoped Ren perished on an exploding X-Wing, perhaps one that was too damaged to jump to hyperspeed in the wake of Starkiller's destruction, but he doubted the unstable apprentice could be taken out so simply. “Early reports indicate Ren reported his prisoner missing fifteen minutes before the planet blew—the rebels may have been attempting a rescue on her behalf—she knew, after all, the location of the first Jedi temple. Ren may have gotten—involved,” he added bitterly, entirely unsurprised by the prospect. “If the Resistance has Kylo Ren, then they are keeping him a secret,” Snoke continued. “It has been several days, and no sign of my apprentice has reached me—no cry for rescue from the foolish family who would drag him back to weakness.” Hux adjusted his weight, clasping his hands more tightly behind his back while his legs stiffened. “We can increase our efforts to track Ren, but it will be at the expense of our other missions in the Neutral Territories—the sheer cost of--” “I want you to find him,” Snoke interrupted. Though his face was distorted and heavily scarred, a dark shadow seemed to pass over him. “by any means necessary... dispatch the Knights of Ren if you must... I will not lose him.” Hux swallowed the lump in his throat. “I will see to that immediately, Supreme Leader--” “And General--” Hux paused, half-turning to look back at Snoke. “The loss of your weapon is unfortunate... ensure that we do not suffer such losses again.” The hairs on the back of Hux's neck stood on end. In a split second he searched the hologram of Snoke for any signs of serious displeasure, but the Supreme Leader was distracted, his hologram already flickering out of sight. “Yes, sir.” It was late, far too late to expect her son to be awake, but General Organa made the trek to the medbay all the same. Anxiety was eating away at her resolve, and it was time to confront him. Dr. Kalonia's reports indicated Ren would be ready for discharge any day... and then what? General Organa had spent the better part of the early evening trying to find a room on base in which she could hide her son, but it was a temporary solution to a truly impossible problem. Either Ren would fight for the Resistance, return to the First Order, or attempt to disappear from both sides entirely; in any situation, Snoke would be scouring the galaxy for him. What the General really wanted was her brother's advice. The med bay was surprisingly silent in spite of the chaos of the morning. A small plague of Mynock Fever had spread among a handful of her pilots, and the medical bay was soon overwhelmed by vomiting and general misery. General Organa bypassed the segregated beds and sanitation units, making the familiar beeline for her son's secret room. The lights were dimmed, but the man in question was sitting mostly upright in bed, propped by pillows and perusing a datapad. He looked up when General Organa entered, and for a moment both people simply stared at each other, as though surprised by the other. Soon enough simple fear and paranoia brought General Organa back to her senses. “Where did you get that datapad?” she asked suspiciously. “I convinced one of the medics to give it to me so I could read the news,” was his simple response. General Organa wasn't sure if that meant the use of his Force powers or if he simply put up a good case. She figured she probably didn't want to know the real answer. “Dr. Kalonia's ready to discharge you.” “I know.” They continued to stare at each other, neither willing to give any sign of their position. Finally Ren set the datapad aside and straightened up in bed. He still grimaced at the pain, but his movements were more fluid, more natural... in spite of the odds against him, her son would make a proper recovery. The relief softened General Organa's demeanor, and she stepped forward to sit at the foot of the bed. “Have you thought about what you're going to do?” she asked. Ren's jaw tightened as he swallowed. His dark brows knit together, his gaze falling to the empty space between mother and son. “All I've done is think about it...” The General nodded silently. Her fingers fidgeted with the ring she wore, twisting it around her knuckle. “I can offer you this,” she began stiffly, her heart hardening as she spoke. “We need information—about the First Order, about Snoke's intentions, all of it—mostly we need that last piece of map to Luke.” Her son made no reply. “In exchange, I will give you anything you need to secure safe passage to the Outer Rim, the Neutral Territories... wherever you want to go. A fake identity, a new start...” “But conditionally.” A vice squeezed around the General's heart. “I would give you anything if it were up to me,” she said softly. “But to buy you a real chance at escape, I have to have the cooperation of the others—and they won't give it if there's a risk you'll go right back to Snoke... Trust goes both ways,” she added. “I'll help you in any way I can, but I need to know you won't return to the First Order.” Ren rubbed his shadowed eyes. He considered her words for a long moment, biting the inside of his cheek absently as he thought—a Han trait. General Organa felt herself wither a little more inside. “Who are your top allies in the Senate?” he finally asked. General Organa hesitated. “What does that matter?” “Liora Chinelo of Ryloth and Gal Gadut from SoroSuub in Sullust, for example, are double-agents whose true loyalties lie with the First Order.” He raised an eyebrow at the look on his mother's face. “Didn't you know?” The General felt her face fall. The news hit her like a punch to the gut, stealing her breath away. She had suspected SoroSuub played both sides of the conflict, but she had no idea the Senator from Ryloth would betray her... “Who else?” “I only know a handful of names—“ he began dismissively. “Would you be willing to attest to this?” the General pressed. “In front of the others?” Her son hesitated, brows knitting together as he struggled to consider his answer. “I'm just trying to give you a clearer idea—any ally in the Confederacy can be bought--” “Ryloth is the primary supplier of our computer and data encryption systems,” the General stated. Ren nodded curtly. “I know.” “Is that how Snoke discovered the location of our base?” she pressed. “I really don't--” “Is it likely? More likely than a coincidence or a lucky recon pilot floating undetected in our system?” Ren ran a hand through his dark hair, sighing. “Probably—look,” he added sharply. “You can't rely on the Neutral Territories to help you after what happened to the Hosnian System—if they're going to fight an enemy the size of the First Order, then they need a better reason than... moral high ground. Anyone can be bought—money or power, figure out which is the better incentive.” “Why keep Ryloth if they betrayed our location?” “Because a double agent is worth more than any altruistic ally,” her son told her sharply. “The First Order has more weapons, more money, and more resources than the Resistance could ever hope to compete with, but you can still outsmart them--” General Organa's brows were knit together in a small frown. “So you would be willing to tell us how to take down the First Order?” Ren hesitated at this, conflict evident on his pale face. “I...” He sighed, setting his jaw. “I'll give you what you need to have a fair chance.” The General nodded, resisting the urge to press further. Perhaps it was too soon—too idealistic—to expect her son to give up the First Order so readily. For better or worse, it had been his home and his life for nearly fifteen years... General Organa would have to be careful not to push her soon too far, lest she drive him right back into Snoke's hands. “Very well,” she said, biting her lip in slight disappointment. She sighed, mentally storing away her son's suggestion and trying to focus her energy on the next point she wanted to clarify with her son. “Tell me about Rey.” Ren looked up at her, surprise and slight suspicion on his face. “What about her?” he asked carefully. “I know she's Force-sensitive, but she hasn't told anyone,” General Organa continued. “Why?” Ren shrugged. “I don't know.” General Organa couldn't read minds the way her son could, but she knew when information was being withheld. “Why was she on Starkiller at all?” “Because she'd seen the map, and I thought I could get it from her,” was his dismissive reply. General Organa's interest piqued. “And?” Her son was visibly annoyed. “And what?” “Well, you didn't—you would have given that information to Snoke.” “You already have your answer,” he said coolly. “She's Force-sensitive, but untrained. And I can certainly understand why Snoke might be interested in that.” “How strong is she?” Ren bristled. “Why?” “Because I want to know if Snoke will kill her or try to turn her,” the General replied, more sharply than she had intended. “I want to know if she's a risk—to herself, to the Resistance... I want to know if Snoke will go after her.” Ren sighed, suddenly looking much older, more careworn. His face was still youthful, but his demeanor was entirely too old for his body. General Organa felt herself itching to reach out to him, to comfort him like a child. “Most likely,” he allowed. “At least just to see how strong she really is.” General Organa let out a shaking breath. “Okay...” she said, more to herself than to her son. “Okay... when Snoke first got to you--” “You want me to train her?” Ren interrupted, reading his mother's thoughts before she could articulate them. There was surprise on his face, and his voice was full of skepticism. “I want you to teach her to keep Snoke out of her head—now, before it's too late--” Ren's eyes were narrowed, his mouth half-open as he struggled to find the right words. “And what makes you think she'll agree? She's horrified by me--” “She saved your life,” General Organa interrupted. Ren's irritation faltered at that, momentarily surprised by the revelation, but he continued on stubbornly, “Have you even asked her?” She shook her head, gave a half-shrug. “Not yet.” Ren's face disappeared behind his hands. He shook his head. “She has no family. No home. No identity,” General Organa continued confidently. “How long do you think she'll last before Snoke plants false visions in her dreams? He wouldn't even need to set up a trap—the girl will openly walk into his arms if it means finding her family--” “Fine,” Ren snapped, emerging from his hands. They glared at each other for a moment, the tension thick enough to suffocate. The General swallowed the lump that had formed in her throat. How were they simultaneously so many different things to each other? General Organa didn't know how to talk to her son because she didn't know how to reconcile all of the things that he was... a victim, a killer, an enemy, an ally... Whenever she tried to appeal to one, another identity rose to the surface, putting up new walls, one after the other... Was she forcing his hand with her offer? Was she being too lenient? “I have a set of rooms set aside for you, in the short term,” she continued. Back to business. “I don't imagine you want to stay in the medbay for much longer.” “And your staff are okay with that arrangement?” “Trust,” General Organa replied, offering the same mantra she kept telling the others. He sighed, glaring at the wall. “And when do you want me to train the girl?” “Immediately.” Instead of the blistering heat of the desert, of rusty old ships, and a family who alternated between abandonment and rescue, Rey dreamt of something else. Two very different worlds weaved into one another, changing scenery like entering into a new room. Bright fields and buzzing sunlight enveloped Rey, and just as soon as she reached out to touch it, the greenery was replaced by the cold metal and recycled air of starships. She was simultaneously boy and man, weaving through different lives in different times and the only constant was the sense of someone close by, watching, waiting, egging her on to some destination with an urgency that was either comforting or terrifying depending on which direction she turned. The most recent dream, though, had been full of dark and unseen terrors that kept Rey on edge well into the afternoon. Her patience was thin, and she couldn't help but feel irritated with everyone. It was irrational, she knew, but the hot anger left in the wake of her nightmare wouldn't let her go. Work did little to take her mind off things—in fact, Rey kept making minor mistakes in her distraction that only fueled her bad mood further. Poe was normally able to get a laugh out of her, but he had been in classified briefings with the higher-ups all day. In fact, most of the Resistance fighters seemed to be in an odd hurry, giving Rey the impression that they knew something she didn't. And while, again, it was illogical to be annoyed by this, Rey felt rather left out. “Rey? Come with me, please.” Rey lowered herself from the belly of the X-Wing she was working on and found herself face to face with the General's personal secretary, Greer Sonnel. “You're back already?” Rey asked in surprise. Greer and several others had spent the last several days in the Neutral Territories, and Rey hadn't been expecting any of them back so soon. “Temporarily,” she replied. “It's safer to transmit data directly—we don't know who's tapping in to our communications.” Rey wiped her grimy hands on her jumpsuit, following the much nicer-dressed Greer down the corridors. Rey opened her mouth to ask where they were going, but as soon as they rounded a corner into the main hallway, Rey caught sight of General Organa and realized who was actually calling on her. General Organa looked like she hadn't slept in days—in fact, Rey was sure that assessment was accurate. It had been exactly one week since they arrived in D'Qar, and already General Organa had acquired a dozen replacement X-Wings from the black markets, sent an envoy led by Greer Sonnel to the Neutral Territories, and planned the outline of a secret mission to First Order-controled Csila. All of this followed the death of Han Solo, and Rey was beginning to wonder if the General was trying to run away from her own grief. “Rey, good to see you,” the General said, her face worn with exhaustion and her voice flat. Rey didn't take the lack of emotion personally; she was surprised the General was functional at all. “Come with me—I have something I need to discuss with you.” Once again, Rey wiped her grimy hands on the sides of her mechanic's jumpsuit, and she followed General Organa through the wild maze of ivy-covered tunnels that led to her office. “Excuse me, just one moment,” the General said, withdrawing her handheld data pad and conjuring up a tiny hologram of her top pilot. “I've got another shipment of X-Wings I'm expecting , but I think we're being watched,” General Organa was telling Poe. She was shorter than Rey by a head, but walked so quickly that Rey had to jog just to keep up. “I've got a few false trails laid out, but I want you to accompany Green Team to Coruscant—keep your distance, but patrol the area. The First Order hasn't given any indication they're ready to make another move so soon, but Ben said it was a possibility--” Rey's heart leapt at the name. She hadn't gotten used to the idea of Kylo Ren casually recovering in the medbay of the Resistance's secret base of operations, and it always made her uneasy when General Organa mentioned him. The two still hadn't seen each other since arriving to D'Qar, and Rey was dreading their reunion. “Seastriker's leading Green Team,” the General continued in the same rushed voice, like she was trying to get out all the information to make room for new briefings and debriefings. “He's in the War Room--” she added. “Come find me after twenty-one hundred, I might have a few minutes to fill you in on the Csila mission you asked about.” “Yes, General,” Poe's tiny hologram replied before flickering out of sight. “Right—Rey--I need to talk to you privately,” General Organa continued in the same breath. She ran a hand through her hair distractedly, frowning, and shoved her datapad into a vest pocket. “Oh, kriff— I've got to check the communication from Ackbar--” she hesitated for a split second, but resumed her wild pace before Rey even quite caught up with her. “Head to my office—let yourself in, the door should be open. I've just got to take care of Ackbar and then I'll be right there—Oh, and Ben's in there, but don't be alarmed—I need to speak with you both--” “Wait, what?” “Thanks, dear!” Rey's footsteps slowed as the General marched on without a second glance. Her blood had gone cold, and a sense of irritation welled up inside of her. She considered heading straight back to the hangar, but she couldn't avoid Kylo Ren forever... Rey would rather share a watering hole with a Happabore. Rey looked around the corridors, trying to remember where General Organa's office was. She had only been there once before, and the base was too labyrinthine for Rey to recognize where she was most of the time. When she wasn't in her three primary areas—the women's barracks, the canteen, or the hangar—Rey relied on others to sort her out. She had to backtrack nearly half a dozen times, but eventually Rey found the correct hallway and hesitated. Her fingers twitched at her sides, and she had to fight the urge to turn around and run. She had hoped her getting lost wasted enough time that General Organa would already be present, but Rey could never count herself so lucky. She reached out and pushed the button. The General's office was the same chaos Rey had seen before, but the old piles on the desk and chairs had been removed. The doors slid shut behind her, sealing them in. The man glanced up at her, but made no movement. He was dressed in unsuspecting clothing, plain garments that wouldn't have attracted anyone's notice elsewhere on base, but for Rey, it was a strange comparison to the heavy black layers he usually wore. He followed Rey with his eyes as she sat down in the seat furthest from Ren, her arms folded across her chest. Ren himself looked like he would rather be anywhere else. They glared at each other in silence, silently sizing up the other, until Ren finally spoke. His voice was tired, but still held the threatening command Rey had known during her interrogation on Starkiller Base. “They don't know what to do with you,” he told her softly. Rey's eyes narrowed. “What?” “The Resistance,” Ren clarified. Rey watched his chest rise as he took a slow, steadying breath. “You're useful, but you're a liability. That's why you're not in their meetings.” The words triggered the fear that had sat impatiently under Rey's skin. “How d'you--?” Rey began to ask before stopping herself. She stared at him, her hazel eyes meeting his dark ones, and she became acutely aware of his direct link into her thoughts. Irritation exploded in the pit of her stomach like a bomb. She mustered up all of the hatred she could into her short threat, determined to make her point clear. “Stay out of my head!” she hissed. “I'm not in your head,” he replied, sounding both annoyed and amused. Ren fixed her with a long look. There was something unnerving in his dark, curious gaze. “Why haven't you told anyone you're Force-sensitive?” Rey swallowed the hard lump that had formed in her throat. “That's none of your business--” “Quite the opposite—after your little stunt on Starkiller Base, Snoke ordered me to bring you to him--” Rey planted her heels and scooted her chair back several inches. “I'm not going to,” he added in a hard tone, watching the way Rey increased the distance between them. “Why should I trust you?” “I saved your life, didn't I?” he querried. “And I saved yours, so that makes us even,” Rey replied sharply. Ren studied her for a moment longer, brows knit together, before turning away. Perhaps Rey was just imagining it, but there was something almost defeated about the slump in his broad shoulders, about the way he only half-argued with her. Several painful minutes passed, but there was still no sign of the General. “You say you're not in my mind...” Rey began slowly, staring straight ahead and determinedly not looking at Ren. Her heart fluttered in her chest as she spoke, but there was no one else to whom she could pose the question. Even without looking at him, Rey could sense the man's curiosity. “But ever since Starkiller... I've been having these...visions...things I could have never seen on Jakku...” “What kind of visions?” “What does that matter?” Rey responded, more sharply than she had intended. Ren gave an irritated sigh. “Do you want my answer or not?” he challenged. Rey squared her jaw, suppressing her irritation, and said more calmly, “It's like I'm seeing into someone else's head—yours, in fact,” she added, turning to look at him head-on. His face was annoyingly calm. “And why would you think that?” “Does Snoke have other puppets?” Ren recoiled at the insult. Instantly he was guarded, on edge. “You may be so flippant about it, but I assure you that I had very little choice in the matter when he decided to invade my mind,” he told her coldly. The rebuff deflated Rey, leaving her white hot anger to be replaced by something that felt a little like shame. Several moments of silence passed, but Rey didn't know how to bridge the gap that had just widened between them. “You said Snoke ordered you to bring me to him,” Rey tried again, though her tone was still stiff and clearly communicated her discomfort. “What would he want with me?” Ren didn't look at her, but he adjusted his weight where he sat, mulling over her question. “Snoke has been alive for hundreds of years—likely even longer. Long enough to see the galaxy discover itself, for governments and civilizations to rise and fall, to learn what strengthened an empire and what weakened it... “ He paused, disappearing into thought. Rey watched as he spoke, and suddenly she understood why he had worn a mask. In spite of his calculated control over his voice, his face was expressive and gave him away. The delicate muscles around his eyes and mouth conveyed irritation and amusement, and signaled his reaction to his environment even as his words remained silent and sterile. He suddenly looked very human to Rey, and it lured her in, begging her to empathize with a man who tried so hard to hide his humanity. “Snoke was a student in the shadows, waiting and watching... I suppose he came up with a list of qualities that made an ideal apprentice... He taught many over the years, crafting and discarding, over and over... I am the most recent, the most powerful thus far... and you resisted me...” His words hung heavy in the air between them, making the hairs on the back of Rey's neck stand up. There was a bitterness in Ren's voice when he spoke, a palpable threat that reminded Rey just how dangerous Ren could really be. Human or not, he was also a predator. “But I'm nobody,” Rey argued weakly, unsticking her throat. “Snoke isn't concerned with legacies or important names... it's your future that he wants, your... quiescent potential...” “Never,” Rey replied sharply, recoiling at the suggestion. “I would never join the Dark side.” Ren snorted at that. “What?” she asked, her tone full of irritation. “The galaxy isn't split into Light and Dark,” he told her patronizingly, looking at her sideways. “Besides, once he gets into your head, you won't have a choice,” he added, a distinct coolness to his voice. “Your thoughts won't be your own, you can only feel what he wants you to feel... there won't be a single place for you to hide, even in your own mind...” “Is that what he did to you?” Rey asked dangerously. Ren looked away from her, not answering. “You abandoned Snoke—obviously it must be possible--” “You don't know what you're talking about--” “Or are you just waiting for him to come back?” “Maybe.” His tone was churlish, but Rey sensed the silent flicker of fear. “So you're just going to wait around, giving your mother false hope until Snoke calls you back,” she spat. “And then it's back to the First Order, back to being a creature in a mask--” “And you suggest that I just... resist,” he replied coolly. “I never thought of that.” Rey opened her mouth to retort, but suddenly the office doors opened and both of them turned to see a haggard General Organa step through. “Did you tell her?” she asked immediately, directing the question toward Ren, who shook his head. Rey looked between them as General Organa moved to sit down behind her desk. “Tell me what?” She asked suspiciously. “I want Ben to train you,” she replied matter-of-factly as she folded her hands across the surface of her desk. “Specifically, I want him to teach you how to keep Snoke out of your mind. He already has an interest in you, and if he figures out how to find you, it may be too late...” Stunned, Rey looked between the General and her son. Both of them looked perfectly serious and unhappy, which assured Rey that they were sincere in their proposal. That didn't stop her from trying to disbelieve it, of course. “You can't be serious...” “Once Snoke establishes a presence in your mind, it will be near-impossible to push him out,” General Organa continued seriously. “Therefore it's important that you learn to hide yourself from him—Ben is the only one with that kind of experience... I'd like to say that you have a choice, but you really don't... we could try to hide you, of course, but that would only give us borrowed time.” Rey's stunned gaze traveled back to Ren, who was listening silently, staring at a spot on the wall. “What does this training look like?” she asked hesitantly. General Organa turned to Ren in expectant silence. “I will attempt to invade your mind,” he said dully and without looking at her. “And you will attempt to resist.” “But I can,” Rey insisted, looking back at General Organa for her reaction. “I did, on Starkiller Base--” “You did it once,” Ren interrupted. “That's not the same.” Rey stared at him, searching her brain for excuses. “Are you even well enough?” “Ben assures me that his recovery won't be affected,” General Organa replied dismissively. “But what about the map to Luke? The First Order?” she tried. “I have teams dedicated to those missions,” Organa continued. “Ben has given me invaluable information—when we find the rest of the map, you can take up your training with Luke--” Rey's heart leapt at that. “But until then, Ben is the only one who can help you.” Rey was backed into a corner. She glanced at Ren, and while he looked perfectly human in front of her, Rey couldn't make herself forget the feeling of being stalked through the woods by a creature in a mask. The idea of opening her mind to him—again and again—was terrifying. “Snoke will be worse by far than anything I could do,” Ren told her softly, keenly aware of her thoughts. Out of the corner of her eye, Rey could see the General looking between them with trepidation. “I understand your... hesitation... but it's your only option.” “Do I have to keep it a secret?” Rey asked, her thoughts drifting to Finn and Poe. “Not necessarily, but I would avoid advertising the information,” General Organa replied. “The fewer people who know about your abilities, the safer you are. Even among the Resistance.” Rey bit her lip, crossing and uncrossing her arms. “Fine,” she finally said, resigned. “Fine, I'll do it.” General Organa looked relieved, as though an enormous weight had just been lifted from her shoulders. “You two will use the space across the hall from here every night--” “Every night?” Rey repeated. “--from nineteen-hundred until whatever time Ben sees fit. Rey, he will be your teacher, so I expect you to listen to him. If you need to take less time working on the X-wings, then so be it—this will be your priority.” Rey bit her tongue to keep herself from interrupting. Her time in the hangar was the only real enjoyable part of her day, and now she might have to give part of it up to spend with Kylo Ren. She crossed her arms and turned sideways to look at Ren, but his expression was clouded and unreadable. She wanted to enter his mind, to understand what made him turn away from the First Order so easily, and to see if he could actually be trusted. “I don't know how much time we have,” General Organa continued. “The First Order might take weeks to respond to the loss of Starkiller, and they might be here tomorrow... so please, please trust each other and get this done... Ben, you know what's at stake...” Rey turned to look at Ren, but there was only worry. Worry for who, Rey wondered. “And Rey...” She turned back to General Organa, to her anxious and tired face. “This will not be easy,” the General warned. “If Snoke decides to come after you, he won't go easy... any fear, any vulnerability you have will be exploited... he will tempt you... Above all else, don't give in. Do you understand?” Rey looked between Ren and the General, and had the uncomfortable feeling that they knew something she didn't. Was the leader of the First Order truly this powerful and relentless? She tried to imagine Kylo Ren as an innocent child, and wondered what it would take to turn him into a ruthless killer... She didn't know what was worse, what Kylo Ren had become, or the force that had propelled him to this point... Rey unstuck her throat. Though she was unsure of her words, her voice was confident. “I understand.” Chapter 4 “How is the girl doing? Rey?” Ren gave a noncommittal half-shrug. They were sitting on top of one of the numerous outlooks around the Resistance base. The stone floor and walls were cracked and weathered, nearly obscured by weeds and time. The sky was a brilliant shade of pink and gold with the arrival of the early morning sun, and the fog in the valley below was churning, shifting between the hills as it rose higher and higher before dissipating. “Well enough, I suppose,” Ren finally answered, moving his breakfast around his bowl with his fork. “She seems frustrated,” General Organa observed. “She doesn’t trust me.” Ren could feel his mother looking at him sideways, but he kept his eyes downcast. It was complicated, the way Ren felt about the whole affair… He still had trouble believing he had actually left the First Order and that this wasn’t some bizarre simulated training environment crafted by General Hux at the twisted request of the Supreme Leader. While his mind was his own for the first time since he could remember, Ren was still plagued by nightmares. It was disconcerting to be a First Order warlord by night and the estranged son who looked like Ben Solo by day. He didn’t sleep well most nights, and the toll of sleep deprivation was beginning to wear on him. Sometimes his nightmares involved his father in the Oscillator, but instead of saving him, Ren plunged his lightsaber through his heart. While the absence of the Supreme Leader from his mind was like pulling a knife from his back, the wound filled with a dull, infecting sort of pain. It was only a matter of time before Snoke found him, before the Supreme Leader invaded Ren’s mind once more. Consequently Ren was short-tempered, anxious, his senses always on high alert for the impending danger his unconscious mind assured him was coming. To add further difficulty to his situation, Ren could hear the distrustful thoughts of everyone on D’Qar, their unspoken whispers following him around like ghosts. Traitor, they thought. Spy… The rebels put up a good display of following General Organa’s orders and speeches about being on the same side, but Ren could feel their real thoughts. They clung to his skin, imbedding deep into his flesh and spreading like a poison. Ren had long-since gotten used to the idea of being a figure that illicited fear, even hatred, but this was different… they didn’t fear the mask he wore or the regime he represented, they loathed him, and he was stuck in a desperate position, forced to beg for forgiveness and acceptance. He hated it. He hated the weakness and vulnerability of his situation. At least if Ren was shackled and imprisoned he might have a shred of dignity left, but this… this false premise of acceptance was suffocating. And the girl… her mind echoed with her unasked questions, the same questions that plagued Ren day and night. Was it a mistake to leave? Whose side are you on? It was maddening to constantly search inside her head and seeing only himself reflected back at him. “ It’s not unwarranted,” Ren added flatly, sensing his mother’s thoughts to speak to the girl. “No, but her distrust is impeding her progress.” Ren raised an eyebrow, looking at her sideways. “It takes far longer than a few days.” “There’s something else I want to ask you,” General Organa continued, changing trains of thought. Ren waited, but his mother betrayed no hint of what was inside her mind. “I need information from you,” she finally said, all business-like. Ren felt his heartbeat quicken, his senses on high alert. He had firmly decided on toeing the line of neutrality, but he was in danger of falling off the edge and betraying not just Spoke, but the First Order, the place that had accepted him unconditionally and had been his home for almost fifteen years. “We’re trying to finalize an offensive, and I need to know what the weakest points are—is there a primary fuel supplier, a key to their transmission codes, a—“ “Absolutely not.” There was an uncomfortable tension in the air, a silent hostility so thick it could be cut with a knife. “Ben—“ Ren felt himself flinch at the sound of his birth name. It had been so long since anyone called him that, and it still felt foreign and dreamlike, even now. “I agreed to find you the piece of map to Luke—I said nothing about helping you take down the First Order—“ A wave of frustration passed over General Organa’s face. “You could do so much good—“ “I could tell you how destroy millions of lives—“ “The First Order has made it clear that they’re willing to take the offensive—a violent offensive—against anyone who stands in their way,” General Organa insisted, looking more political than maternal. “There will be no peace in the galaxy until—“ “Peace?” Ren repeated coolly. He shook his head. “I understand you needed to destroy the Starkiller from a tactical standpoint, but don’t condescend to me and pretend you didn’t kill a million people in the process—people who have homes and families, just like you.” The General looked angry at that. “You will judge me for my motives, but you were willing to spend the last fifteen years of your life working for Snoke—“ Blind rage burst through Ren’s veins like a supernova. His senses were on fire, reacting quickly against his mother’s accusation and all of his pent-up frustrations since he awoke in the Resistance med bay. Glass shattered across the ground as he swiped at the remains of their meal, echoing in the silence that settled between them. Ren’s veins were flooded with adrenaline, his Force-power ignited by rage. It was with great effort that he reined himself in, glaring at his mother. “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have said that,” she said almost immediately, and her face was soft with her painful apology. “You think I chose that?” he demanded. She sighed in exasperation, trapped. She waved a hand blindly in front of her, deliberately not looking at him as she spoke. “You chose to trust Snoke against my warnings—“ “I was a child!” Ren exploded. “So you blame me?” Ren turned away from her. No, she wasn’t the one to blame… Instantly the blind rage dissipated, leaving an empty nauseousness in its wake. A headache was forming, mental whiplash beating him down. “Your offer was that I could leave—now you want me to choose sides—“ “The fate of the galaxy—“ “The galaxy will survive,” Ren interrupted, his hands on his hips as he turned to glare at his mother. The wound in his side was throbbing but he embraced it. The pain grounded him. Ren studied her, wondering just how much he should divulge… it was so hard to talk with her. Leia Organa reverted back to the tactical, guarded politician every time she didn’t have control over the conversation, and it quickly turned into a chess match with both sides feinting and withholding their intentions. Ren almost wished he was speaking to his father instead, because at least he had been straightforward; the thought was like a knife, deep in his chest. His mother was on her feet, her face vulnerable and imploring. It was a cruel tactic, but an effective one. “Please… we need you…” “Which is it that you want? Ben Solo or Kylo Ren? Because you can’t have both.” The General looked like she had just been slapped. Her mouth parted to speak, but she was unable to find her voice. Her eyes were wide with shock, and Ren could sense her trying to process his words, weighing the answer. “Coming back was a mistake,” Ren said heavily, shaking his head as he turned to look away from his mother. With a wave of his hand the broken glass strewn between them piled itself up neatly inside the one unbroken dish. Emotion was welling up inside of him, threatening to spill over. Everything was churning wildly inside him, unfettered and uncaged… Ren almost wished for the presence of the Supreme Leader in his mind to sort through the mess. “I’m grateful for your efforts to save my life, but I can’t be the son you’ve been waiting for…. I’ll help you find the rest of the map to Luke.” He turned to leave, his hand going to his side protectively as he winced with every other step. Ren didn’t look back, but he could feel his mother inside of him, her heart breaking in two as she watched him go. Rey set her jaw as she entered their makeshift training room. It was her ninth day of training with the formidable Kylo Ren, and Rey was no closer to pushing him out of her head than she had been their first day. Each invasion was progressively more exhausting, and a silent panic had begun to form in Rey’s chest, an anxiousness that tried to protect her against the inevitable. As per usual, Ren was waiting for her in silence, sitting in one of the half dozen chairs shoved to the far side of the room. He looked very unlike the man Rey had met on Starkiller Base, the man who was full of pride and arrogance… the one before her now was tired, distracted… He forced himself to work past his weakened state, and there was a wildness to him, like a wounded predator biding its time. The man who ignored the hole in his side was far more terrifying than the one who had interrogated her weeks before. This night, however, he was paler than usual, and didn’t get to his feet as he usually did when Rey entered. In spite of herself, she frowned, her heart filling with concern. “Are you all right?” She blurted. It only lasted a second, but Ren’s exhaustion momentarily broke through his careful facade. “I’m fine,” he muttered, summoning some invisible strength and forcing himself upright. Suddenly the mask was back, the keen gaze locked onto Rey and already searching through the periphery of her mind. Rey squared her shoulders, trying to empty her head. She was exhausted herself, having slept poorly for days, and her focus was unclear. Bright sunlight and orange sand for miles trickled to the forefront of Rey’s mind. She quickly squandered the thought, though it was thanks more to her anxious agitation than any real skill. “Maybe we should take a break,” she suggested, shaking off an invisible weight from her shoulders. “For the night.” “No,” was Ren’s immediate and predictable response. “Well, I’m tired,” Rey insisted, crossing her arms and glaring at Ren from across the room. Ren looked at her expectantly. Rey shrugged, shaking her head defensively. “What?” Ren’s eyebrows rose at the question. He took a step toward her, his face both annoyed and imploring. “I don’t know how to explain more clearly how important it is that you learn this,” he told her, enunciating each word carefully. “Well, maybe I could learn it better if I had a break from you digging around in my brain all the time,” Rey bit back. That remark clearly frustrated him. Ren smacked a palm to his forehead as he turned away from her, letting the fingers run through his hair. “What do I have to do to get a real effort from you?” He asked, glaring at her over his shoulder. “You resisted me on Starkiller, but now I can comb through your thoughts so easily, picking them apart and tossing them aside like garbage—“ Irritation flared in Rey’s chest. “Hey—“ “Is that it?” He asked, and it took Rey a moment to realize he was asking a serious question. “Do I need to raise the stakes?” “Stay away from me,” Rey warned, the hairs on the back of her neck standing up. Her shoulders tensed, her knees bending in case she needed to bolt. “You should be afraid,” he continued dangerously. “I could take all your secrets—make you relive the same memory, over and over, until you couldn’t recognize the difference between the world and what was inside your head.” “Stay away—“ “You think you’re tired now?” He continued softly, in the same voice he had used when interrogating her on Starkiller Base. “I’ve only scratched at the surface—you have no idea about the things I could make you do…” He raised his right arm in a graceful arc, his fingers outstretched toward her. Rey flattened herself against the door, jamming at the buttons helplessly. She was in the Oscillator, and all around her the walls were collapsing. Fire burned at her heels while ash settled in the lining of her lungs. She was choking, gasping to breath as her legs carried her forward desperately. An opened door, an explosion of fire twisting up the pillars and churning violently… And then the blistering heat of the Jakku sun, of a strange alien clutching her arm to drag her away— “Stop it,” Rey gasped, her hands clutching into fists. Her eyes were squinted, as though she could shut out the memory. The world had gone black as fire turned to water, ice cold against her skin. Rey spun around, stumbling backwards over the uneven ground, squinting through the downpour. A soldier advanced on her, weapon held high over her head— And then like a light switching on, she was suddenly back in the blinding desert of Jakku. The weapon had transformed into a starship high in the sky, flying away, leaving Rey behind… “No,” Rey gasped. “Don’t leave me!” Someone jerked her arm—she was a child again. Rey tried to fight him off, her tearstained face turning skyward, watching the ship with her family fly away over and over… Rey came back to reality suddenly, as though all she needed to do was open her eyes. She took in her surroundings, her senses on high alert as she assessed the threat. No one was in the corridor outside. The nearest souls belonged to the night security team chatting casually over two hundred feet away. The sky was dark with the arrival of night, and all of the monitoring systems on base were alert but silent, waiting for the slightest disturbance on the sleeping planet. Rey wiped at the thin sheen of sweat that had formed on her brow, her limbs shaking with adrenaline. Her chest rose and fell rapidly as her hazel eyes met the dark ones of her opponent, but the threat had gone. Instead of danger, there was something soft and tentative, something that almost passed for guilt. “That’s much better,” Ren finally commented, looking away from her as he ran a hand through his hair again. He looked unsteady on his feet. Rey stared at him, her mouth slightly agape. A strange feeling had taken over her; her limbs were electric with some unseen force, ready to jump, to fight—but her mind was calm in spite of the horrors she had just relived. She blinked several times, feeling completely disassociated from herself. Ren paused before looking at her again. He was uncertain. Without conscious thought, Rey launched herself forward, her hands balled into fists. She grabbed hold of Ren’s arm with one hand while the other swung at him wildly, punching every surface she could reach. In spite of their difference in size, Rey managed to land a few wild blows before Ren pushed her off with an invisible force. “You kriffing —!” She accused wildly, trying to find the right words as she fought against the invisible wall that stopped her from attacking him further. “You pfassking piece of Bantha—“ “Calm down—“ “You sharmouta , don’t tell me what to do!” She spat. “Reign in your anger—“ Rey forced herself past the Force block and shoved the heels of her hands against Ren’s chest with all her might, causing him to stumble. This would be easier if she had a weapon, but she was prepared to kill him with her bare hands. She advanced on him, but Ren’s hand was already outstretched. Rey prepared herself to fight against his invasion, to ignore the painful memories he was sure to summon to weaken her, but instead of fire or Jakku, she only saw green. Green as far as the eye could see, full of life and light… Rey faltered, unsure if this was some kind of trick. She pushed the memory out, but a second one quickly replaced it with equal fervor… she was in the alpine meadows surrounding the Resistance base, laughing with Finn… sharing a joke with Poe in the hangar bay… The memories faded and the familiar walls of the training room returned. Rey’s gaze immediately fell upon Ren, who was on the floor. Rey had no memory of how that happened. The confusion she felt in the sudden absence of such violent anger was enough to immobilize her and she could do nothing but watch dumbly as Ren sat up, clutching his injured side. He glared up at her, letting out a sigh of relief. “What the kriff,” was all she could think to say, her exclamation echoing around the room. “I had to stop you,” Ren said by way of explanation from the floor. He grimaced as he rubbed his side. Rey’s eyes focused more clearly on him as she returned to her body. “What is wrong with you?” She demanded, her voice trembling in either fear or anger… she wasn’t sure…. “It was the fastest way to bring you back—“ “From what?” She snapped. “The Dark Side.” The words hit her like a fist. She felt herself falter, to search for a defense to deny any such thing… “Don’t you dare…” she threatened weakly. “I would never… I’m not like you… ” He got to his feet stiffly, watching her with a careful expression as he weighed his answer. “You need a teacher.” “You are my teacher—“ “No—a real one—you’ll never master this until you learn to control your mind—“ “Well, there are no more Jedi, are there?” Rey asked waspishly. Ren took a steadying breath, his eyes narrowed as he studied her. Though she felt no tug at the periphery of her mind, Rey couldn’t help but feel he was inside her head again, examining her from the inside out. “What was that memory?” He finally asked. “The one in the rain?” “That’s not your business.” “But I was in it.” “Were you?” She asked idly. His eyes narrowed in annoyance. “Yes,” he replied firmly. “And I know you didn’t get that vision from my head, because it never happened.” They stared at each other in silence, either willing to so much as blink. Rey shrugged stubbornly. Ren opened his mouth to respond, but apparently thought better of it. He gestured toward the door. “We’ll continue tomorrow.” Rey glared at him. “Is that necessary?” she muttered. “It is, because I shouldn’t have been able to get as far as I did,” Ren replied in a sharp tone. He opened the training room door and stepped aside to let her pass, nodding his head in the direction of the barracks. “Try to get some sleep.” Rey gave him a stern look. “Then keep your dreams to yourself.” She didn’t wait to see his reaction before continuing down the corridor, her arms folded protectively across her chest. It wasn’t until she had washed and dressed for bed, lying under the protective weight of her blankets, that Rey allowed herself to sort through what had just happened between herself and Ren. She was furious about the invasion into her most painful memories, but also frightened at how easily he had manipulated her emotions, stealing the power that her rage brought her and rendering her docile with a flick of his wrist… Rey knew to expect him reading her mind, but this was something she was entirely unprepared for… As she lay staring at the dark wall of her room, listening to the gentle breathing of her sleeping roommate, Rey tried to comprehend the sort of man that was Kylo Ren, but it was like trying to catch air with her bare hands… “Poe, shut the door, please,” General Organa asked quietly from her post at the head of the table. Poe, who was hovering against the wall near the War Room's exit, punched the command into the control panel, sealing everyone inside. He folded his arms across his chest, turning back around to face the strange gathering. Seated next to the General were her top cabinet members, including Chewbacca, Lieutenant Seastriker, Admiral Ackbar, Temmin Wexley, and Greer Sonnel. Across from them sat the new addition, Finn. On the General's other hand sat Kylo Ren. He didn't look at anyone at the table, didn't so much as blink in the wake of the suspicious glances. He merely folded his hands in his lap and fixed his dark eyes on a spot on the table between everyone, looking quite odd out of his imposing black robes. He looked entirely unhappy to be there. “I have asked you all here because we have a very urgent matter on our hands, and a very dangerous one,” General Organa began, leaning forward and interlacing her fingers on the tabletop. “There's no sense in beating around the bush here, so I'll just get into it—you all know of Kylo Ren, though many of you have never met,” she added, her voice a beacon of determined calm and professionalism. “And at this point everyone in this room knows his true identity. He's agreed to help us acquire the rest of the star chart to Luke, and his knowledge and service will be an invaluable asset… “Obviously I expect some tension, but I'm asking each of you to set aside what you think you know about each other for the sake of our mission. We are in a war. The First Order has declared publicly its intentions to rule the galaxy, demonstrating that they do not fear the repercussions from the Republic. During our assault on Starkiller Base, Ben turned against Snoke at great personal risk and assisted in the escape of three of our friends.” General Organa shared a sideways glance with Finn. “I trust him, and I'm asking the rest of you to trust not just him as well, but each other. Dark days lie ahead, the likes of which we haven't seen since the height of the Empire. Your resolve will be tested, your loyalties questioned, and we must make a covenant, here and now, to not give in to fear and distrust, to not judge our comrades by their past or their lineage. This was the original mission of the New Republic. I still believe in it, and I believe that it is worth fighting for. “Everyone in this room is on the same side. I will warn everyone, just this once, that I will not tolerate animosity or distrust. If you feel you cannot set any personal opinions aside and work together, then you may leave without any ill will or hard feelings.” Everyone save Ren exchanged glances with each other, but no one moved. General Organa took a steadying breath before continuing, “Our mission for the last four weeks has been to locate the star chart to the First Jedi Temple… as you all know, we only acquired a small section of it…” She looked at Ren as she spoke, as though to make sure he was still there. “The First Order has the rest… We must organize a covert mission to Csila, in the Uknown Regions. More specifically our target is the Expeditionary Library, where an archive of all the star charts from the Empire exists... Csila is controlled by the Chiss Ascendancy, and remains extremely loyal to the First Order, so this mission will be both very secret, and very dangerous.” The General ran a hand over her brow, battling a visible wave of fatigue. “Ben has agreed to lead a small team to Csila disguised as members of the New Trade Federation--” “The Trade Federation is loyal to the Republic,” Lieutenant Seastriker interrupted, frowning. “Why would Csila ever accept envoys?” General Organa looked at Ren, and seeing him unwilling to speak, said stiffly, “The board of the New Trade Federation has been under the payroll of the First Order for almost ten years.” “ What? ” “How can that be? Viceroy Obarel is the part of the New Republic, and personally funded the transparency program that has been the flagship of the New Trade Federation--” “A smokescreen,” General Organa revealed, rubbing tired fingers across her brow. “Believe me, I'm as shocked as you are—the corruption in the Senate has not waned since my departure.” “Who else is in the pockets of the First Order?” Seastriker demanded, turning to Ren. Otherwise immobile, Ren tore his glance from the table and looked up at Seastriker, his pale face a careful mask. “We will get to that in time,” the General answered before anyone else could speak. “Ben has already given me the most pressing information needed, and once we have the navigational chart to Luke--” “If there are First Order spies in the New Trade Federation--” “They're sympathizers, not spies.” Everyone turned to stare at Ren, stunned and uncomfortable that he had finally acknowledged the room at large. “Sympathizers don't get paid to cheer on the First Order behind closed doors,” Admiral Ackbar said sharply. “Certainly they must--” “They receive payment in exchange for passing legislation that benefits the economy of the First Order,” Ren interrupted in the same flat, almost bored voice. He ran a hand over his eyes tiredly. The rest of the room turned back to General Organa, half of them with expectant looks as though to demand why she didn't command Kylo Ren to lay out everything he knew on the table. “Back to the mission at hand,” General Organa said pointedly, jabbing a finger against the tabletop. “We need to decide who will accompany Ben to Csila.” “I'll go,” Finn volunteered immediately. He looked around at the surprised expressions of the others. “I know the First Order—it'll be much easier for me to blend in.” The General gave him a long, studious look, mentally weighing the danger against the benefits of additional experience. “All right,” she finally agreed. She looked up at the far end of the room. “Poe, you should probably pilot--” “This is absurd!” Seastriker interjected, slamming his fist on the table, causing the others to jump. He glared at Ren as he spoke. “How can we trust him not to turn us over to the First Order as soon as he lands?” Ren’s dark eyes flashed in Seastriker’s direction, his shoulders stiffening. General Organa let out an exasperated sigh. “He knows too much!” Seastriker continued. “There’s too much at stake,” Admiral Ackbar agreed. “We must strike swiftly while the First Order’s still vulnerable—“ “I agree, General,” Wexley chimed in, looking at Organa imploringly. “We should table the mission to find Luke—“ “Luke is our only chance,” General Organa insisted. “We have no money, no real army, and no resources that could compare to the First Order—we could buy ourselves time, but they will come for us, and they will pick us off one by one—they’ve already appealed to the Centrists—we need a solid defense—“ “So why hasn’t he told us a single thing?” Seastriker demanded, pointing at Ren. “Is he even on our side?” “Of course he is—“ “We should be targeting their fuel supply, interrupting their means of communication, stirring up resentment among their citizens!” Seastriker shot to his feet. “I will not stand by and waste time just to have the First Order descend upon us with a hundred bombers—how do we know he isn’t just passing along everything to the First Order?” “Joph—“ General Organa began imploringly. “I have a mission to the Neutral Territories to organize,” he snapped, marching around the table to the room’s exit. He typed in the code, angrily mashing the buttons with his finger. “I won’t stand to sit here with a scheming Outlander who still suckles on the First Order’s teat!” The doors slid shut. The room was silent. “Temin, please go follow Joph and make sure he calms down,” General Organa ordered in tones of perfect calm. Wexley stood up hesitantly, but did as instructed. “I’ll go with him,” Admiral Ackbar said, also rising to his feet. “Joph won’t listen to someone so much younger than him.” General Organa nodded her consent. She stared at a spot on the table while the two left, breathing slowly as she bit the inside of her lip. The doors slid open and shut again, marking a stagnant silence. For a long moment no one spoke; then— Poe turned to look at Ren expectantly. “So why is it that you can’t tell us anything about the First Order?” General Organa sighed in exasperation, her head disappearing behind her hands. “Poe—“ “I’d just really like to know why we’re harboring one of the most dangerous men in the galaxy, putting a huge target on our backs, and not getting anything in return,” he continued. “We needed Luke because a Jedi was our only chance against the First Order—against someone like you ,” he added, glaring at Ren. “But supposedly that’s all changed—so why are we still looking for a Jedi when we have someone who knows the most intimate machinations of the First Order sitting in our war room?” Anger swelled inside of General Organa. “Poe—“ “I’m still on your side,” he interrupted, assuring her. “But don’t lie to me—you’ve only taken him back because he’s your son.” “I will not turn away anyone who denounces the First Order,” General Organa replied coolly. There was a long silence as pilot and General glared at each other. “All right, fine,” Poe said as he got to his feet. “Send me the coordinates when you’re ready to brief us on the mission.” “Poe—“ “I said I was on your side, whether you’re honest with me or not,” Poe interrupted from the doorway. He cast one last dark look around the remaining occupants. “I’ll be in the hangar.”