Chapter One 163 Years Ago The streets are quiet as she walks, damp with freshly fallen rain. She can hear the sounds of guests being tended to in the teahouses along the water, the lights of their lanterns bright and cheerful. The train of her kimono will be soaked by the time she gets home, but it’s such a peaceful night that she can’t find the will to be upset over it. He stands at the end of the pier, waiting for her in the dark, the glow of his cigarette the only indication of his presence. He’s thin enough to be almost frail, but she knows he has a quiet strength. She walks up to him, leaning against the railing and peering down at the Kamo River. “I was wondering when you would find me,” she says in perfect English, though she’s never spoken it before now. She could say anything in a thousand languages and he would understand. He always did. He just looks at her, smile mostly hidden under a bushy mustache. They stand together for a while, quiet and reflective, just watching the water. “You should see the river in March, when the sakura blossoms blow into the water. It’s very beautiful.” “I have,” he says, looking over at her. He’s much taller than she is this time; her head only reaches his shoulder. It’s nice. “But it was a lifetime or two ago.” They share a secret smile and turn back to the water. “Are you ready—” she starts. “Let’s go get some tea,” he says quickly, turning to face her fully now. “There’s a great place, quiet, none of them will find us there.” She hesitates, remembering, then smiles. “All right.” He looks relieved, the wrinkles around his dark eyes crinkling with another grin. “All right.” She waits until his back is turned before drawing the knife hidden in her long sleeves. She buries the blade up under his ribcage and right into his heart, giving him the release of a swift death. He lets out only a gasp, staggering back as his legs give out and she braces her own legs to hold him upright. She sinks to the ground with him, withdrawing the knife to let his blood flow out. He writhes in her arms, trying to fight instinctively for his life when he always knew that this was coming, that she was coming for him. She smoothes back his hair, hushing him as she waits. “It’s all right, I’ll see you again soon. Soon,” she says over and over, his hand clutched in her embroidered silk. When he’s gone, his eyes are still open, staring up at her. She takes the knife then, taking one deep breath before she pushes the sharp tip up and into her own heart as well. It’s poetic this way, she thinks, even as the pain pierces through her, sharp and familiar, more blood flooding onto them both. She can’t keep herself upright any longer and falls forward over his chest, her cheek pressed to his side. As the blood flows out of her, she can’t help wondering what it would be like if they had made another choice. If they had any other choice. But it’s too late now. Perhaps in the next life. Day: 0 The rocks have been biting into his skin for hours. He’s laid out on his stomach, elbows digging into the ground to hold his rifle close and he can feel each pebble cutting through the layers he wears. Even the slightest breeze sends dirt flying into his eyes, making him wish he’d worn those silly protective goggles the Grunts always try to hide in his pack. But they cloud his vision, distance him from his scope, cost him his concentration. He does better without. Through the scope, he watches as a man and a woman step out onto the balcony of their hotel room. He knows the name of each, but it doesn’t matter. They are targets now, nothing more. The targets are 2,500 meters away, making it the longest shot he’s ever attempted. The thought makes him queasy, nervous, but he swallows past it. He slipped through the vast desert to find this oasis, waited for days for them to make a mistake. Now there’s nothing left but to take the shot. He breathes deep, finger resting just next to the trigger as he aligns his target. The crosshairs of his scope find the target’s forehead. The man’s face breaks into a brilliant, sweet smile as he laces his fingers with the woman’s. He exhales, finger shifting to the trigger and squeezing gently. The long rifle in his grip jerks and he watches through the scope as, moments later, the bullet rips through his targets skull. He takes a moment—only one moment—to watch as the body falls, the weight of it nearly dragging the woman down with it where their hands are joined, her scream not audible from this distance. She’s reaching for the gun tucked into her waistband, turning to track where the shot is coming from. He gets a glimpse of the fury on her face and the tears streaking down her cheeks before he squeezes the trigger again and she’s gone too. The bodies lay beside each other, heads turned toward one another, fingertips touching. He doesn’t worry about them being found, about the mess; that’s not his job. Maybe next time they’ll remember their purpose. If they come back at all. He packs quickly, his gun disassembled and slung over his shoulders in less than thirty seconds (not his best time, but good enough). He rappels down the cliffside easily, choosing speed over stealth this time. A chime sounds in his ear and his feet just touch the ground as he presses the button on his earpiece to answer. “Hux.” “Report.” “It’s taken care of.” “Good. We have news—he’s waking up.” Hux cuts the call, gun bag heavy on his back as he runs, aches and pains from staying so still for so long throbbing through his body, throat dry and painful from so many hours without food or water. But, as he runs across the desert, he smiles, sharp and vicious. Day: 3 It's pouring rain; it hasn't stopped for days. It suits Kylo's mood, though he can't stand the wet and the cold that comes with it. He stomps down the street, barely warmed by his hoodie and faux leather jacket. Music pounds through his headphones, obnoxiously loud. It's only making his head hurt even more, but the pain has only been getting worse and worse for the past four days and he's given up on fixing it. He's been prone to migraines since he was a teenager, but never this bad. Never lasting this long, and even then it didn't hurt this damn bad. He tried hot compresses on his forehead, about five different painkillers, he even tried one of Poe’s stupid herbal teas, but all it did was give him the runs. He's resigned to it now. Seems like it’s his lot in life to be miserable constantly . Twenty-nine years old, both parents dead, in debt up to his eyeballs, no job, and now he's probably dying, but he can't afford the trip to the walk-in clinic. Sometimes he really wonders why the fuck he bothers sticking around. The back of his neck tingles and he turns, checking the shadows for movement. Damn it. He should know better than to take the shortcut home at this hour, but all he could think about was getting home to his bed and his dog. There’s a crash of noise down the alley and Kylo definitely doesn’t startle at the sound. It could be a cat, a raccoon, it could be anything, but he feels like he’s being watched and it’s all too familiar— There. The shape of a person seems to melt out of the shadows and they’re looking right at him. He can feel it. The spike of fear in his throat just infuriates him. He should be used to this, he shouldn’t be afraid anymore, but he always is. “If you’re following me, dickwad, you can fuck off! I’ve got a knife!” That’s a lie. He forgot the knife at home. The shadow doesn’t move and Kylo doesn’t want to turn his back. But he’s always been a fast runner and he’s so close to being home. So he runs. He runs as fast as his long legs can carry him, which is really fucking fast. Better to run and live than to stick around and get shanked by a crazy person. He doesn’t stop to check if he’s being followed, he focuses only on the pound of his feet on the sidewalk and the distance between him and home . The apartment building looks like it’s about to fall apart with cracked concrete walls, fire escapes that could never hope to pass an inspection, an overgrown front lawn, and doors that never quite shut right. The sight of it fills Kylo with relief. He quickly keys in the access code for the front door, yanking it open as soon as the lock releases and slamming it shut behind him. When he looks outside the small windows, there’s no shadow following him, no figure lurking out there in the dark. “Fuck,” Kylo grunts out, slumping against the wall to catch his breath, finally feeling some of that fear release in his chest. He’s been living like this for too long. Eventually, he forces himself to move, to start the long climb up to the fifth floor. He moved again just six years ago, hoping to escape his past and the extended family that pretended to care about him. Every time his cousin, Rey, looked at him, Kylo could see what she was thinking, could feel the pity in her gaze. She was too young to remember that night, the night her father was murdered by Kylo's mother, but she thought she understood him. Maybe Kylo was supposed to feel bad for her too, but he didn’t want or need her pity, or anyone else's, thank you very fucking much. Moving was supposed to give him a fresh start, somewhere new where no one knew who he was, who his family was. Ben Organa-Solo had tried to be a lot of things, tried to move on with his life—went to college, even. All he got out of that was an art history degree no one cared about and a lifetime of debt. He hadn’t had any peace then either, not when his stalkers only seemed to get better and better at tracking him down. That’s what happens when your mom, the state governor, kills your uncle, then herself, and it turns out she was America's most accomplished serial killer in her spare time. So he left behind the name Ben Solo, killed the boy who had already lost so much, and became someone else. Kylo Ren. A name he’d found in some random science fiction novel at the library, so different from his own that he would never be found. He would be free. Leaving helped. No more camera crews camping outside his house, following him to school, shouting questions like, ‘How does it feel knowing your mother murdered forty-nine people? How do you cope with the trauma of losing what was left of your family in one night? How do you live with yourself?’ Like he fucking knew the answer to any of that off the top of his head. All the therapy his parents’ life insurance policy could buy couldn’t help him answer that. No more freaks who claimed they ‘understood his pain,’ no more bible thumpers who wanted him to repent for his mother’s sins. No more of the scary ones who threatened to kill him for what she did. No more of the really bad ones, the ones who wanted to know how she’d done it, asked him for the intimate details of her kills. Leaving meant not having it shoved in his face anymore, not having to think about it ever again. Still, there are some days when the anger seeps away and the loneliness is too much. He really misses his parents on those days. Kylo strides up the stairs to the apartment’s front entrance with keys in hand, eager to get out of his wet clothes, to curl up in his bed and spend the rest of the night feeling sorry for himself. As soon as he opens the door, he’s bombarded by a barking mass of brown fur. “Hey, buddy,” Kylo greets, pushing some enthusiasm into his voice as the dog runs excited circles around his legs. Kylo drops his bag carelessly to the floor, crouching down to accept Chewie’s gross licks and scratch behind his ears. His mom got Chewie not long after dad died. Said he reminded her of Han, which Kylo never understood. He’d tried to hate Chewie for a long time, but it was impossible not to like the big mutt when he was always so happy to see Kylo. “He missed you,” Poe says from the couch, a bowl of cereal balanced in one hand, not even looking away from the TV, though his lips are twitched up into a smirk. “He always does.” Most days it feels like Chewie is the only one. The apartment is shitty. There’s no real living room, just one small area with a couple ratty couches shoved against walls and a TV on top of a crate. The stained dining table is something they salvaged off the street with two chairs they found a couple blocks down. The kitchen is only cleaned when they’re feeling particularly active, which they almost never are. There’s no hallway, just three doors in the living room, one leading to a bathroom (the shower never drains properly) and two to closet-sized bedrooms. Kylo leaves his bag where he dropped it, beelining for his room with Chewie on his heels. He changes out of his wet clothes and into sweatpants and a t-shirt. He had planned on sleep, but suddenly his bed seems too large, too empty. He heads back to the living room before he can really consider it, shoving his wet hair back and tying it up and out of the way. He sits on the other end of the couch, stretching his legs out to rest his feet on the coffee table. Chewie promptly follows, getting as much of his gigantic body into Kylo’s lap as he possibly can. “What are we watching?” “A documentary on jet planes.” “Nerd.” Poe just nods, his eyes riveted on the screen. Kylo likes Poe; he's nice, he doesn't try to be Kylo’s friend, he pays his share of the rent on time. He's a good guy. “Mail came for you,” Poe says, taking his eyes off the TV long enough to stretch his arm forward and grab the stack of mail from the coffee table, dumping it in Kylo's lap. Poe Dameron is an asshole. “I told you to just throw it all out,” Kylo snaps, shooting a glare that Poe either doesn’t see or purposefully ignores before starting to shift through the pile. See, moving was supposed to fix everything for him. And it did, for a little while. Until it didn’t anymore. Kylo doesn’t know how—he’s pretty sure he doesn’t wanna know—but some of them have managed to find him still. He gets text messages from numbers that only lead to dead phones, he feels strangers in the street staring at him as he passes by, and then there’s the mail. He received the first letter years ago. Dear Ben, I know how you feel Kylo immediately burned that letter and all the rest he’d gotten that day. He’d tried to burn the second batch of them when those came too, but Poe had screamed at him about “fire hazards” and “setting the building on fire” so Kylo stopped. Now he just threw them straight into the trash can. “There's one from your cousin,” Poe says as an explanation. “What?” Kylo sees it now, right on top of all the rest. There's at least a million international stamps on it and the return address is for somewhere in Nepal. Kylo's never really been sure what exactly it is that his uncle did for a living; something about anthropology. Rey’s following in his footsteps it seems. Kylo should probably be happy for her. She was so much younger than he was when it happened and she always said that she didn’t remember much, but he knew she lost as much as he did that night. But she was able to move on, to do something with her life. He never had that choice, thanks to his mom. Jealousy chokes him, anger makes it hard to breathe. The pain in his head becomes almost blinding. He takes deep satisfaction in ripping her letter to shreds and throwing the pieces of it in the trash with the rest of the mail. Poe’s eyes are on him. Kylo ignores him. “I'm going to bed.” He doesn't even feel tired, but he can't think of any other escape than sleep. Poe shouts, “Goodnight!” at his back, but Kylo doesn’t bother responding. He waits until Chewie gets in before slamming the bedroom door a little harder than necessary. Then he just stands there, staring at the mess of clothes strewn across the floor, the dirty dishes, the piles of junk, the fist-sized holes in the wall. The only clean item in the entire room is his grandfather’s guitar, seated reverently in a stand in the corner of the room. The anger in him roils, demanding a release. He used to throw fits when he was younger. They got bad when dad died, then even worse after mom. Now he has some control over it, manages to restrain himself to slamming his fist into the wall only three times. The pain helps drag his mind away. He flops into bed, but there’s still a restless tingle in him, something needing to be sated. He considers jerking off, but it seems like too much effort. Plus, it always feels weird to do it when Chewie’s in the room; he can feel the dog judging him every time. Fuck, his head hurts. He closes his eyes, pulling at his hair to alleviate the migraine, but it doesn’t change anything so he gives up and curls himself up around a pillow. It will probably take him hours to fall asleep now, but— It was always going to end like this. He stares across the vast emptiness of the battlefield, a sea of bodies between him and — There. A figure, standing firm amid the rushing horde. Suddenly, nothing else matters, but that figure. He doesn’t remember slicing through the bodies to get to the figure, but then he’s there. It feels like coming home. Their swords swing and clash, the other is so strong it feels like his arms will break. But he finds enough strength to land a blow, to slice through the skin of the other’s sword arm. It leaves him open just enough to receive a cut of his own, across his shoulder and up to his face. It hurts like hell. They face each other, swords raised and ready, breathing hard. “We can walk away,” he says in a language he’s never heard before. The other just shakes his head. “Never.” They clash again and again until pain lances through his arm, then his stomach, then his leg. Deep, oozing gashes that finally bring him to his knees. The other looms over him, slumping forward with wounds of his own, gifts to remember him by. “You cannot escape fate,” the other says, raising his sword. He acts first, driving his blade deep into the other’s gut. He watches pain contort the other’s face, watches them fall to the ground before him. He watches the other die, again. He runs himself through too, but by then the pain is barely noticeable. He lays down beside the other and whispers — Pain startles Kylo awake, has him writhing in his bed. It’s everywhere, he’s been sliced open, his face—fuck—his face — How the fuck he manages to lurch to his feet when so much of him is bleeding, Kylo will never know. He stumbles his way through the dark living room and into the bathroom, fumbling for the light. It’s so bright he has to shield his eyes, cradling the open wound across his face with one big hand while the other fumbles with the medicine cabinet. Fuck, he’s probably gonna need stitches for this, he can’t afford it, he’s so fucked. His eyes adjust and he faces the mirror, bracing himself for the ugly wound he knows will be there. Cautiously, he pulls his hand away— Nothing. There’s nothing. Kylo’s fingers press at his skin, tug and pull, looking for the wound, for the source of his pain. But the pain is gone too, leaving only his throbbing head. Frantically, he fumbles for his shirt, for the gaping hole run through his stomach, but that’s gone too. He can’t help pawing at the freckled skin, digging his fingers in as though he can rip open the wound. But he felt it, he felt every slash, every cut ripping open his skin. He felt the strain in his arms as his sword clashed with the other’s, but now… Fuck . This fucking migraine is fucking with him. He’s probably dying, got a fucking tumor eating away at his brain and he can’t do anything about it. He leans heavily on the sink, head wracked with pain, shaking with the leftover adrenaline and stares into the mirror. His dark hair came mostly loose from his hair tie during his sleep and now sticks to his face with sweat. The bags under his eyes are deep and almost grey, the sickly paleness of his skin makes his moles stand out darker than usual, his lips are so chapped they’re split and bloody. He looks like a fucking mess. And now he’s probably dying. He looks at himself in that mirror and tries to decide if he cares whether or not he dies from a tumor or whatever the fuck this shit is. It’s not like he has anyone left who really cares (Rey doesn’t count). Poe? If Kylo dies then Poe can share the lease with someone else, someone who actually pays rent on time, who pays his share of the bills. Not that Poe ever complains, he’s never been anything but kind to Kylo. Still, he can’t help feeling guilty. Something cold and wet nudges against the skin of his elbow and Kylo looks down to see Chewie standing beside him, big brown eyes distinctly worried. Chewie would miss him. Chewie doesn’t like anybody really, except for Kylo and Poe. And mom. Kylo’s knees are shaking so he sits down on the lid of the toilet seat, his head swimming with pain at the movement. Immediately, Chewie lays his big head in Kylo’s lap and Kylo feels something snap in his chest. “I’m scared,” he whispers to the dog, hating the way his voice breaks. He clenches his jaw tight, feeling the tears spring to his eyes and telling himself it’s just the pain of the headache that’s causing them. Chewie whines and Kylo indulges himself finally, folding over Chewie’s head and hugging him close. The dog just sits still, letting Kylo’s tears seep into his fur. Day: 5 Honestly, it’s probably not a good idea for Kylo go out. His head is still killing him, slowly and painfully. Kylo thought he might have gotten used to the pain by now, but no, it’s just getting worse and worse. He fights off the nausea with a constant supply of ginger ale. He barely eats more than toast and crackers, and he looks like a pretentious dick now that he has to wear sunglasses at night ‘cause every single light feels like it’s searing his eyeballs out of his head. So, when Poe asks him if he wants to go to a house party, Kylo does the obvious thing and agrees. If he’s gonna die, he might as well enjoy the time he has left and pretend the thought doesn’t terrify him. The thing is, Kylo is really good at parties. Party-Kylo is very different from Normal-Kylo. He’s sociable, he laughs the loudest, he moves from group to group and fits in with every single one. He does shots, he nurses beer, he accepts the blunt when it’s passed to him. He plays beer pong, he plays Never Have I Ever, he dances like an asshole. It’s so easy to become someone else that it’s hardly even fun anymore. He lost track of Poe hours ago, almost as soon as they stepped through the front door. Now Kylo’s leaving with someone else, a girl with violently red hair that definitely came out of a box. He’s got an arm around her shoulders and they stumble off together, zig-zagging along the sidewalk, while she babbles about her band in his ear. He’s not sure where they’re going, but it doesn’t really matter, does it? He’s gonna die anyway. Kylo hears it first, the crunch of gravel beneath the steps of someone else behind them and his head throbs with pain and warning. Time seems to slow then, drags down to a crawl. He’s turning to look, trying to fight the ever-present instinct that tells him to run , when he sees the bottle swinging for his head. He acts on instinct alone, even as fear clogs up his throat, manages to bring his arm up to shield his face—dreams of his skin being split are still fresh in his mind—just before it connects. Agony explodes on the crown of his head and glass shatters around him. “ Nos iterum occurret .” The words feel like they’re whispered directly into his ear and the pain in his head sharpens, feels like it’s going to make his brain ooze out of his ears and then— It stops. Kylo’s on his knees, cradling his head, trying not to throw up, and he can faintly hear people yelling, can hear the girl screaming, but it’s nothing compared to the chaos in his brain. He feels like his consciousness is being replaced with something different, something new. Something old. He’s struggling to his feet before he realizes it, head swimming with pain and booze, and when he turns to face his attacker, it’s just a girl. Young and dark-skinned and determined. There’s a broken bottle in her hand that she throws down with a grin. “ There you are.” She reaches into her pockets and Kylo panics, remembers a thousand different bullets riddling his body, remembers a thousand deaths that taste like gunpowder. Instead, the girl pulls out a pair of short rods that expand into batons with an expert flick of her wrist. “What the fuck ,” Kylo has enough time to sputter before the girl’s charging at him, looking like a fucking ninja with how she slashes lightning fast at Kylo. Kylo’s been in plenty of fights before, but none where he’s actually come out on the good side. Somehow Kylo dodges. He reacts on pure instinct, ducking and deflecting and backing up, trying to put some space between him and his attacker, trying to get his bearings. He hardly dares to breathe through it all, doesn’t want to fuck it up, but even when he manages to gasp in air, he doesn’t stop. His head feels like it’s been cracked open and sometimes his vision doubles. He can hear Poe screaming in the crowd, can see the glow of phones recording him, but he keeps dodging. The girl starts to look worried. Abruptly, something snaps in Kylo, reacting to her worry—her weakness —like a shark scenting blood in the water. He sees the opening and strikes, and suddenly he’s not just himself anymore. He’s still Ben, still Kylo, but he’s someone else too. Someone dangerous. It only takes an instant. He takes a wide step forward, fists up and elbows high, bends and lifts his right leg, snaps his foot forward, and feels his shin connect with the girl’s head. Kylo pivots on the balls of his left foot and by the time he’s facing the kid again, she’s on the ground, completely still. The only sound that fills the air is Kylo’s harsh breathing. It feels right. He feels right. Complete. It feels like coming home. “Oh, fuck! ” Poe shouts, breaking the spell of silence over the crowd and rushing towards the girl. “What the fuck man, you could have killed her .” Oh, fuck . Oh fuck, oh fuck, ohfuckohfuckohfuck— Kylo barely feels the people touching his arm, touching his head, barely hears them asking if he’s okay. He can’t stop looking at that girl with her splayed body and the bruise that’s already forming on her face and neck and he could have killed her . Her hair is brown, just like Rey’s was the last time he saw her. Just like mom’s. He pulls away from the hands that try to grab at him, struggles free from them and runs. It must be late because the bus he jumps onto is completely empty. He blindly waves his pass at the driver before lurching to the corner in the very back and huddling there. His chest heaves with every breath he tries to drag in and he feels like he’s drenched in sweat. The bus is empty, but he’s not alone. His mind is crowded with sudden knowledge, with memories that are his, but aren’t. He’s a boy begging for food while an armored knight rides by and mud from the horse’s hoofs sprays him in the face. He’s in a jungle, hiding as American soldiers wade by and he holds his rifle tight against his breasts, waiting for the right moment to strike. He’s a man standing on a bridge, watching a beautiful woman in a kimono walk towards him with a faint smile on her face. When Kylo opens his eyes, it’s like he can see them, can see himself. All the different versions, all the different lifetimes. It’s some seriously fucked up shit. But it’s real. He’s still trying to make sense of it, the memories flashing before his eyes, the line between the past and the present blurring. It takes him a moment to realize that the bus has stopped, to realize that the blue blur coming towards him is the bus driver. “Look, man,” he sighs, wishing this day—this nightmare—could just be over already. “My pass was legit, I’m just trying to get home —” “There is no home for you now, Kylo.” What the fuck ? There’s a gun pointing in his face and somehow, instead of fear, the sight of it infuriates him. Suddenly, the buzz and cacophony of memories halts and Kylo feels something he never thought he could. Purpose. He does the most violent thing he can think of, striking the man’s arm with his fist so hard he hears bones snap. The gun fires, but the bullet only shatters glass and Kylo catches the pistol when it drops from the man’s hand. The driver falls to the ground screaming, clutching at his arm and Kylo doesn’t give him the chance to get his bearings. He’s never held a gun before, never even seen one in real life. Kylo’s hands move with practiced ease, letting the clip free to check how many bullets are left. Sixteen. Perfect. Kylo reloads the clip and fires four shots: one each kneecap, another in the unbroken arm, and the final in the driver’s head. Kylo stares down at the bloody mess and wonders if this is what he’s been waiting for for so long. It’s not quite right though, not yet. He is powerful, he has the knowledge of a thousand, thousand lifetimes rattling in his mind, but even with his new (old) purpose flooding his veins there’s something he’s missing. Someone. When he steps off the bus with the driver’s gun curled loosely in his hand, he’s close enough to home that it takes him only ten minutes to walk. Already he’s planning the next stage, planning where he will go (anywhere he wants, he’s free now, so very free). He feels the adrenaline coursing through him, the vague horror at what he did, of what he’s done over the ages, but it’s dimmed by a sense of righteousness too. This is what he was meant for. He can feel them watching from the shadows and a smile curves his lips as he imagines the beautiful chaos that would erupt if they tried to come at him now. Kylo almost wants them to, but they stay back, stay in their shadows. He should probably be more concerned that the apartment door isn’t locked, even though he remembers locking it himself before they left, but instead there’s a demented kind of giddiness that wells up in the pit of his gut. It’s nice to feel something other than fear for once. Light spills out from around the door and when Kylo pushes it open, it lets out the usual loud creak. The TV is on and Chewie comes over to greet Kylo just like always, bouncing on his toes and licking at Kylo’s hand. Kylo doesn’t crouch down this time though, just brushes a hand over Chewie’s head. From where he stands, he can see the shadow of someone moving, someone sitting on his (that is, Poe’s) couch, watching his (again, Poe’s) TV. Kylo takes a breath before moving into the living room proper, gun raised. A boy, no older than ten, with blonde hair and bright blue eyes sits on his couch, hunched over a bowl of popcorn balanced in his lap. But when he sees the gun and meets Kylo’s eyes, the boy sets the bowl aside and sits up, back straight and looking almost regal. He smiles then, a small slight thing that hits Kylo with a pang of familiarity. “Hi, Benny,” the boy says. It hurts to hear that, feels worse than the thousands of times he’s been stabbed and shot and beaten to death. There’s only one person who ever called him Benny in his entire life, only one person he ever allowed to call him that name. “ Mom?! ” Notes: I'm sorry that this took so long for me to get out! I really wanted to make sure that I was taking my time and happy with the chapter! I hope you enjoyed it! :D