Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Of all the boys I've known, and I've known some Until I first met you, I was lonesome And when you came in sight, dear, my heart grew light And this old world seemed new to me - “Bei Mir Bistu Schoën (To Me You’re Beautiful),” The Andrews Sisters (1937) Wartime promotions were usually handled without ceremony. As lives were lost, men moved through the ranks quickly and efficiently. Brief dispatches were sent in the field, informing a soldier of his new role, and he was expected to assume it as soon as possible. It was extraordinary, then, that Hux had been called to London to receive his. The summons had come just after he had returned from a low-flying sweep over the Luftwaffe airfields along the French coastline. He had barely slid back the canopy of his aircraft when a harried sergeant had arrived with the typewritten message. The presence of Flight Lieutenant Armitage Hux was requested by Vice Air Marshal Leigh-Mallory at Fighter Command Group No. 11 headquarters, Uxbridge at 1600 hours the afternoon next. “It’s high time you had your own squadron,” Pilot Officer Henley had said as he clapped Hux on the back. “You’ve bloody well earned it.” Hux had watched him slouch back toward the barracks in his usual way, off to wash the cold sweat of combat from the back of his neck. Hux was chilled himself, standing in the misting rain under leaden skies, but as he looked down at the paper in his hand, he allowed himself a smile. A command of his own had been long-awaited, but expected after four years of exemplary service in His Majesty’s Royal Air Force. He had boarded the train the following morning, turned out in his uniform with his regulation cap over his red hair. He had a rucksack of his few personal effects over his shoulder, knowing that he would be provided appropriate flight gear and other necessities when he arrived at his new post. He spent the time in the cramped train carriage with the battered copy of Herodotus's Histories which he had carried with him since his days at Charterhouse School as a boy of fourteen. He had studied it again at Oxford and used it more than once to write exams. His teachers had told him to look beyond it, but he considered its examination of warring powers of slavery—the Persian Empire—and the free city-states of Greece to be fundamental to understanding modern conflict. When the train came into the station in Uxbridge, Hux was met by a young officer who had brought a car. The journey to headquarters was a short one. Hillingdon House had been many things before the RAF had moved in, once a hunting lodge for a duke and then the home of a marchioness. It had had a brief stint as a golf club in the late nineteenth century, and then as a hospital during the Great War. It had been the headquarters of No. 11 Group since ‘36. From the exterior it was an impressive edifice of brick and stone, partially stuccoed. Inside, as Hux discovered, it was still sumptuously furnished despite the bustling presence of RAF officers. “You can leave your things here,” said the driver as Hux stepped out of the car. “I’ll be taking you back into town when you’re finished with the vice air marshal.” Hux made a sound of acknowledgement and left his rucksack on the floorboard. At the side door they had pulled up to, an aide was waiting to receive him. Once inside, they went through a series of hallways to a formal sitting room. “If you’ll wait here, sir,” said the aide, “the vice air marshal will see you shortly.” Hux nodded, thanked him, and was left alone. Removing his cap and tucking it under his arm, he took in the furnishings. A few paintings of aristocrats he did not recognize hung on the walls. Their foppish clothes were colorful and their heads were piled high with white, powdered wigs that had been the fashion then. Hux was glad to be spared the complications of dressing like that. As the son of a career Army man, he had always been clothed smartly, and having attended public school and spent the past five years in the RAF, he was more at home in a uniform than anything else. The clicking of a door opening drew Hux’s attention to the far side of the room. A slender woman stood at the threshold, her narrow-fingered right hand on the knob of the door. “Flight Lieutenant Hux?” she asked in a prim city accent. “Yes,” he said, crossing the plush carpet at the center of the room to stand in front of her. “He will see you now.” Stepping to the side, she made way for Hux to pass into the next room. “Thank you,” Hux said, but she had already disappeared, closing the door behind her. “Flight Lieutenant, good afternoon.” Vice Air Marshal Trafford Leigh-Mallory, gray-haired and mustached, stood up from behind his desk and gave Hux an informal salute. Hux returned it, though with more precision. “Vice Air Marshal, sir.” Leigh-Mallory gestured to the upholstered chair across from him. “Please sit, Flight Lieutenant.” Hux did, setting his hat on his lap. He watched as Leigh-Mallory lowered himself into his chair again, with just a hint of stiffness. He wasn’t an old man, but years in the small cockpits of airplanes were hard on a man of his height. He was only a few inches shorter than Hux, who was unusually tall for a pilot at six feet and one inch. “I’m sure you’re wondering by now why you’ve been called away from your post,” Leigh-Mallory said. “Yes, sir,” said Hux. “Well, start by having a look at this.” Picking up a file folder, he slid it across the desk toward Hux. Hux hesitated for a moment, but then picked it up and flipped it open. “This is my service record, sir,” he said, scanning the top page. There were neatly written notes from his superiors, all commendations for his performance. “Indeed it is,” said Leigh-Mallory. “A damn impressive one, too.” “Thank you, sir.” Leigh-Mallory leaned forward as if to take Hux’s measure. “Ten confirmed kills during the Battle of Britain, more hours in the air than any other man in your squadron, and you’ve brought every one of your aircraft back in one piece. I doubt there’s anyone else who can boast that.” Hux set his file back on the desk. “It’s my privilege to fight for king and country, sir.” Leigh-Mallory chuckled. “And you have done so admirably, Flight Lieutenant. That’s why I’m assigning you a command.” “Yes, sir,” Hux said. Despite his certainty from the outset, he was relieved to hear the words. It made the whole situation concrete. “You expected this,” said Leigh-Mallory, leaning back in his chair with an amused quirk of his lips. “I had hoped for it, sir,” Hux said in earnest. He had been waiting for this since he had joined up at twenty-one years old. There hadn’t been a war on then, of course, but it only meant that by the time it broke out, Hux was already a seasoned pilot. He had been ready when he faced his first dogfight. Leigh-Mallory set one hand on his stomach, which was just beginning to go soft beneath the brass buttons of his jacket. “Good man. I wish I had twenty more like you. Experienced men are hard to come by these days.” Hux knew that firsthand. They had lost more men during the hardest battles with the Germans than they could replace. The RAF was desperate for new pilots, but those they could find were fresh of out training and barely had enough hours in the air to fly solo. They had minimal understanding of basic combat maneuvers and some had even crashed their aircrafts on their first flights out. “Tell me,” Leigh-Mallory continued, “what do you know of the Eagles?” Hux took a moment to place the term. “You mean the Eagle Squadrons, sir?” “Indeed I do,” he said. “Are you familiar with them?” Hux was, though most of that was based on rumor and what he had read in the papers. The Eagles were three operational squadrons that flew for Fighter Command, but they were not composed of British pilots. They were Americans who had volunteered to come across the Atlantic to fight despite the fact that the United States staunchly refused to join the war. The Eagles had gotten a fair amount of press since the first squadron, 71, had come into service in ‘39. Hux had read a number of stories about them, even seen a newsreel or two. The newsmen painted the Eagles as brave and capable flyers, but from what Hux had heard from other officers, their record was somewhat less impressive. There were stories of mid-air collisions, pilots shooting down their own aircraft, and numerous stories of disorderly conduct and otherwise wild behavior that compromised the cohesion of the squadron. Hux was hesitant to buy into the assumption that all Americans were cowboys, but from what had been said of the Eagles, that was at least somewhat true. “I’ve heard about them, sir,” Hux said, his concern about where this conversation was headed mounting. “Most of us have by now,” said Leigh-Mallory. “The press loves them. It’s a good story after all. A few brave Yanks coming over to risk their lives to help us while their country buries its head in the sand.” “Yes, sir. It’s admirable.” “And needed. That’s why we’re bringing up a fourth squadron.” Leigh-Mallory pointed a blunt-tipped finger at Hux. “And I want you to lead them.” Hux set his face, determined not to betray his disappointment. It bordered on dismay. He had seen himself in command of a squadron of reliable men with combat experience, not a pack of fresh-faced Americans. “I see, sir,” he said. “Have they had training?” “They’ve been with the training unit at Abingdon for the past six weeks,” said Leigh-Mallory. “And before that they spent some time in civilian flight schools in the States.” Hux’s hopes sank further. Civilian flying was hardly enough to bring a pilot up to snuff when it came to facing Messerschmitts over the Channel. Their operational training unit would teach them the rudiments, but it was far from the months of instrument time and tandem flying that Hux had done in the Oxford Air Squadron and then at his first RAF posting. “They’re green,” Leigh-Mallory said, “but if anyone can whip them into fighting form, Hux, it’s you.” “I understand, sir.” Hux’s jaw tightened, but he added, “I appreciate the opportunity. I won’t let you down.” “I’m certain you won’t.” Leigh-Mallory produced a slip of paper and held it out to Hux. “You’re expected to join the convoy going out to Suffolk in the morning. They’ll take you to the Wolcastle airfield where you’ll rendezvous with the wing commander and take over 363 Squadron, the fourth Eagles.” Hux took the page, forcing himself not the scowl at it. Suffolk was under No. 12 Group, which flew over a part of the country that saw far less action than No. 11, which guarded London and its environs. That would mean better sleep and more time to service their aircraft, but Hux wasn’t in this for hours of cards and reading while he waited for his next mission. However, if he was going to have to deal with a squadron of unseasoned pilots, perhaps a quieter posting would be a boon. It would give him more time to educate them rather than throwing them into the heat of battle out of the gate. Still, it didn’t mean he wasn’t going to lament the loss of his place in No. 11 Group. Folding the dispatch and tucking it into his jacket pocket, Hux said, “Thank you, sir.” He got to his feet as Leigh-Mallory did and saluted. The vice air marshal held out his hand, and Hux shook it. “Best of luck, Squadron Leader Hux,” Leigh-Mallory said by way of parting. “Mary should be waiting outside. She’ll show you out.” Hux nodded and headed for the door. The same young woman, Mary, was standing outside in the sitting room. “If you’ll come this way, sir,” she said, gesturing to the hallway. Hux followed her through the estate again, until they arrived at the door through which he had entered. The boy with the car was waiting again, and he turned the engine over as Hux slid into the passenger seat. The streets they drove down had been cleared of the worst of the debris from the last bombing, however recent that may have been, but the buildings were still marked with black smudges from explosions, the facades of some broken or crumbling. Despite the bombs that continued to fall in the city during the night, life had continued on. There were all manner of people out along the sidewalks. “Is there somewhere in particular you’d like to go, sir?” the driver asked. “There are a few theaters about.” “A pub will do,” Hux said. He found himself in immediate need of a drink if there was one to be had. They drove for a few more minutes before pulling up beside a small establishment with narrow, grimy windows and a sign above the door that read The Glove and Falcon. Its shabbiness would serve Hux’s purposes well. “Thank you, Sergeant,” said Hux, slinging his rucksack over his shoulder. “You’re welcome, sir. Good day to you.” The car rumbled as it rolled down the cobblestone lane before disappearing around the corner in a trail of exhaust. When Hux entered the pub, he found it dark inside, and it took a moment for his eyes to adjust. There were a few patrons scattered about small, round tables, their conversations quiet. More than one pair of eyes turned to Hux as he strode across the room. “Good afternoon,” he said to the barkeep, a small but broad shouldered man with dark hair and a square jaw. His sleeves were rolled up to the elbows, baring sinewy forearms. “Get you something?” he asked. “Beer?” said Hux. The barman shook his head. “Haven’t got any. Rationing’s got the brewers in a mess.” Hux wasn’t altogether surprised. “A cup of tea, then?” “Haven’t got any sugar.” “I don’t need it,” Hux said, eyeing one of the tables in the corner. “Can you bring it there?” “As you like,” said the barman. The chair he sat in was hard and low-backed, a stark change from the soft seat he had occupied in Leigh-Mallory’s office. He scooted it in close to the table and set his palms down on the worn wood. He breathed in steadily, pausing for the first time since he had walked into Hillingdon House to let the reality of his situation set in. He had his command at last, but it was far from what he had expected or desired. The journey to Suffolk would take three or four hours, most of which would likely be spent in the back of a lorry transporting some manner of supplies to the airfield at Wolcastle. Hux didn’t know much about that base or who the wing commander was. He might have asked Douglas, but it had slipped his mind at the time. He had enough to consider when it came to the Americans he was about to be saddled with. For once he wished he had paid more attention to the news about the Eagle Squadrons. When he had first heard of them, they had been all but sensationalized, making Hux bristle. There were far more impressive squadrons among the British that deserved the press more than the Eagles did. Likely it was just another attempt to drum up support in the States for them to join the war. Churchill had been after Roosevelt since the fighting had started, but to no avail. The Americans were still decidedly neutral, even enacting laws that made it a punishable offense to enter the service of one of the countries involved in the conflict. The Eagles were technically in violation of those statutes, but once they were safely out of the country there wasn’t much to be done but to let them fly in England. Hux wasn’t entirely certain how exactly they went about getting overseas, but he knew it couldn’t have been simple considering the restrictions. He couldn’t help but wonder why they would go to such lengths to do so, either. They were putting their lives at great risk for a country that was not their own. Perhaps they had ties to England, though, or maybe they hated the Nazis and what they represented just as much as the rest of Europe. It wouldn’t have been the first time idealism drove men into battle. Hundreds of thousands of them had joined during the Great War, only to go to their deaths in the trenches. Hux’s father had been a cavalryman, the last of his kind. Horses and bayonets were useless against the new weapons of war: machine guns and mustard gas. Brendol Hux had been lucky to come out alive, as so many others had not. He had expected to his son to take his commission in the army as well, but Hux had chosen the air corps instead. He had never flown before he joined the Oxford University Air Squadron, but as soon as he got into his first cockpit, he knew there was nothing else he would be satisfied in doing. Maybe the men of the Eagle Squadrons were like him; they just wanted to fly and were willing to go great lengths to get into an airplane. “Here you are then,” said the barman as he came up to Hux’s table. He set a ceramic tea service down. The inside of the cup was stained from years of use, but it looked clean enough. Hux thanked him, waiting until he had gone away to pour himself a cup of the tea. He would have preferred a slice of lemon to put in it, but produce suffered from the same shortages and rationing as sugar. Fortunately, when he sipped it, he found the flavor strong, but not too bitter. There were a pair of stale biscuits on a plate next to his cup, and he ate them out of habit. Hux watched out the window beside him, looking at the people in grays and browns bustling along as rain began to fall. It would have been a fine day to be in the air despite that. He wondered in passing who had taken over his aircraft. It was a Supermarine Spitfire, the fastest, most agile plane in the service. It had taken a few bullets over the course of the summer, but Hux’s ground crewmen had always had it back in working order within a day or so. He was remiss to let them go, though the hoped the crew at Wolcastle would be as capable. Reaching down to his rucksack where it sat at his feet, he opened it and pulled out the Histories again. He opened to the third book and the discussion of rise of Darius the First of Persia. His reign would mark a period of great turmoil for the Greeks, many of whom would die fighting his legions. Hux wondered what Herodotus might have made of aerial warfare, how he would have recorded the way a bomber’s engine began to smoke after taking a hail of bullets from a fighter or how a plane went down in a trail of flame until it exploded on the ground below. It was both terrible and beautiful to see it happen, as Hux had many times. Losing squadmates and friends was inevitable. The first man Hux had ever watched go down was one of the boys he had been at Oxford with, a lad named Bextby, who had been at All Souls while Hux was at Jesus. He had always been quick to laugh and turned red in the face as soon as he got a few pints in him. He had taken fire from a German fighter over the Channel and crashed into the water before he could bail out. When Hux had landed, he had kept his wits about him, said good things about Bextby, and gotten ready for another flight, but that evening at dinner in the mess, he had looked down at his half-empty plate and seen droplets of wet on it. He had glanced up at the roof in search of a leak, but, finding none, went to rub his eyes. They were damp with tears that he had not noticed. The man next to him had offered him a handkerchief without comment. Hux had dried his face and finished his meal. The next morning he was in the air again and another man went down, but he didn’t cry for him or any of the others that came after. As Hux read and drank his tea, the afternoon passed into early evening. The barman came by more than once to refill the hot water, though with each new pot the tea grew weaker. Leaves were too scarce to use only once. By the time Hux finished his last cup, it was barely brown at all. He brought the tray back to the counter and set it down. The barman gave a grunt, which he presumed was thanks. “I’m looking for a room for the night,” Hux said. “Do you know of a hotel?” “There’s one just two streets over. The Takodana. Ask for Maz.” Hux nodded, paid for the tea, and made his way out of the pub. True to the barman’s word, the hotel was nearby. The building was relatively untouched by the bombings, the placard out front swinging slightly in the breeze that had come up. The interior was remarkably well appointed, decorated in red and gold, but it was not without the signs of use. Some of the curtains were faded, the carpets threadbare. Approaching the desk, Hux adjusted the bag on his shoulder. At first he saw no one and nearly rang the small bell, but leaning in slightly, he spotted the gray-haired head of a woman. She was crouched down going through a cabinet, speaking to herself in quiet mumbles. “Good evening,” said Hux. “Hm?” the woman said, turning to look up and over her shoulder. She wore a pair of spectacles, ones with thick lenses, on her nose. “I’m looking for a room. Do you have any available?” The woman rose and turned, but even standing she was still only half Hux’s height. She brushed her hands over her skirt to straighten it before stepping up onto a stool behind the desk. “More than a few,” she said, looking him over. “Especially for a handsome soldier.” Hux offered an indulgent, closed-lipped smile. “I was told to ask for Maz.” “You’ve found her.” She leaned against the counter, grinning. “So tell me, love, what’s your name?” “Armitage Hux, madam,” he said. “Now there’s a gentleman’s title if ever I’ve heard one. Very well, Armitage Hux, let me get you a key and you can go right up to your room.” She reached under the desk and produced a brass key with a tag on it that read 10. “It’s on the third floor. Last door on the right. Will you be needing something to eat?” “Please,” Hux said. The two biscuits at the pub had long since gone, leaving his stomach rumbling. “There’s stew and bread in the dining room in half an hour’s time if that will suit you,” said Maz. “It will, thank you.” Maz winked. “If you need anything else, love, you just have to ask. We treat our boys right here.” At the top of a narrow set of stairs beyond the desk was an equally narrow hallway. As promised, room ten was on the right-hand side. The key stuck a little in the lock, but Hux managed to get it open. The room was small, with a single, metal-framed bed standing at the center. There was a wash basin next to it, which Hux could fill with water in the lavatory down the way. Some might have disliked a shared lavatory, but it was no trouble for Hux; he was used to far rougher accommodations. When he had arrived at his first wartime airfield, they had not yet completed the officers’ barracks, and he and his fellows had slept in tents near their aircraft. It had been a good arrangement when it came to reacting quickly to attacks and getting into the air fast enough to counter them. But ever since the Battle of Britain had ended, there were fewer German fighters flying over England. Instead, it was the British on the offensive, doing their best to destroy the enemy airfields in occupied France. Dropping his bag, Hux unbuttoned his uniform coat and shrugged it over his shoulders. He took the tin pitcher and filled it with water in the lavatory. It was lukewarm, which was somewhat of a disappointment, but far better than what he would have gotten at the airfield. He took off his shirt and bathed his chest and underarms, face and neck before dressing again. He was hungry, and stew—whether or not it contained actual meat—sounded delicious. Maz herself served him in the dining room, setting the shallow bowl in front of him and dropping a large piece of bread beside it. “I got you a little extra, love. Fighting men need their strength.” As Hux started in on the meal, he expected her to leave, but instead she sat in the chair across from him. She had nothing to eat or drink, and sat watching Hux as he spooned the stew up and chewed. “The carrots are from my own garden,” she said. “I’d never grown anything before, but with the rationing…” The government had long been insisting that the best way to combat the food shortages was to have the Crown’s citizens grow their own vegetables. The men of Hux’s squadron had even had their own garden. Hux had learned quite a bit about cabbage, potatoes, and carrots since they had begun tending it in shifts. “It’s very good,” he said. It wasn’t a lie. The stew was far more flavorful than standard rations. Maz smiled. “That’s good. So, Armitage Hux, you an army lad?” “RAF,” he said, tapping his forefinger against the winged emblem on his jacket, over his heart. “A flyboy, then,” said Maz, lifting her chin. “You have one of those little monsters for shooting down other planes or a big bomber?” “A fighter.” “Hmph,” Maz muttered. “Takes some stones to get into one of those contraptions and zip around the sky. I don’t even have an automobile. What’s it like up there?” “Exhilarating,” Hux said. “There’s nothing I’ve ever experienced like it.” “Is it true you can fly upside down?” “It is. It’s not particularly comfortable, but it can be done.” Maz shook her head. “I think you’re crazy. But someone’s got to do it, right? Or we’ll never have this war over and done with.” “Indeed,” said Hux, tearing off a hunk of bread and mopping up the rest of the stew from his bowl. “Do you want that?” Maz asked. Hux paused. “Want what, madam?” “For the war to end. It doesn’t mean you’re out of a job, I’d imagine, but I’d bet you love fighting it out up there.” “I do,” said Hux, “but a war can’t last forever. As long as Hitler is still around, though, I plan to fight.” Maz reached out and patted Hux’s arm. “You’re a good sort, love. Brave. I hope you stay safe in the sky.” “As do I,” said Hux. When he was finished with his dinner, he returned to his room and stripped out of his uniform. The mattress on the bed was lumpy, but the sheets were soft. Lying on his back, Hux folded his hands over his chest and closed his eyes. In the morning, Maz fed him once again. She gave him toast with jam—quite an indulgence—and a big pot of tea. “Come back and see me sometime, love,” she said, squeezing Hux’s hand in her small, liver-spotted one. He said he would try. It was only a short walk to the staging area for the convoy Hux had been ordered to meet, and it was easy enough to find Sergeant McMillan, who was in charge of the operation. He was a tall man with an easy smile, who saluted Hux and welcomed him. “You’ll be in the lead lorry with me, sir,” he said. “If that’s all right by you.” It was, of course. Hux pulled himself up in the side seat and allowed McMillan to drive them out of London and toward the east coast. “Where do you hail from, sir?” the sergeant asked as they bounced over a rough stretch of road. “Surrey,” Hux replied. “Fine part of the country, that. You have family there?” “My mother and father.” “Nice to have both of ‘em living,” said McMillan. “My own mum died when I was just three. Took my baby sister with her.” “I’m sorry,” Hux said. He had never known a sibling, having been an only son. He had never asked his mother why she had not had others, but he imagined that after one time in Brendol Hux’s bed, she had not returned to it. They had lived in separate rooms for as long as Hux remembered, and while they tolerated each other, there was no particular affection between them. “It’s all right,” said McMillan, steering around a sizable hole in the road. “My dad did a fair job raising the rest of us.” He shot Hux a wide smile. “How about a sweetheart? Have you got one back home?” “I haven’t.” McMillan stuck two thick fingers into the pocket of his jacket and drew out a folded slip of paper. He held it out to Hux. “Have a look here.” It was a creased photograph of a young woman. She was fairly plain, with a strong jaw and hair that looked to be an unremarkable shade of brown. Her eyes, though, were striking; dark and intelligent. “That’s my Annie,” McMillan said. “She’s lovely,” said Hux, handing the photograph back to the sergeant. He kissed it and tucked it back into his pocket. “Next leave she’s going to marry me.” “Congratulations.” “I never fancied myself the marrying kind,” McMillan said, “but Annie, she changed my mind. I’d do just about anything if she asked it of me. You ever felt that way?” “I’m afraid I haven’t yet been so fortunate,” said Hux. There had been dalliances over the years, but they had been brief and, out of necessity, clandestine. It had started with fumbling explorations with the boy with whom he had shared a dormitory room at Charterhouse. That wasn’t altogether unusual in a small school full of pubescent boys; however, most outgrew it. Hux never had. He had been careful at Oxford, taking care to spend time with the young women his friends knew—he had even gone to bed with one or two of them—but his preference had remained the same. Arthur, a lad from Cornwall who had been in one of Hux’s classical Greek recitations, had been the first he found that shared it. It had been a tentative courtship, both of them fearful that they might have been mistaken in the other, but one that culminated in several weeks of fevered touches that eventually led them to Hux’s bed. When the recitation ended, though, they had parted ways. Over the next three years, Hux had found others to take Arthur’s place, but none of those liaisons had lasted much longer than a few months. He had come to care for each of his lovers in his way, but they knew all too well that what they had was temporary and kept their hearts out of it. That served Hux well enough. After all, he knew that when he left school and entered the RAF, the opportunities he was afforded as a student would be gone. Any relations between airmen or enlisted were punishable by court martial and time in military prison, and it was unlikely he would be able to find a civilian who was amenable in the short time he was on leave in one of the small towns near the airfields where he would be posted. If solitude was the price of a career in the air, though, he was willing to pay it. “Well, I’m sure your time will come, sir,” said McMillan. “Indeed,” Hux said. As he looked out over the road ahead of them, rain began to patter down on the windscreen. The clouds were hanging low; the ceiling had to be less than five thousand feet, making it difficult to navigate the skies. If he had been up, he would have had to rely on instruments to get through the mess. Young pilots were notorious for struggling with instrument flying when they first got in the cockpit, despite hours spent in the Link Trainer, which simulated flying from the ground. If his new squadron was fresh out of training, there was no doubt they would be limping up into the air on days like this. Flying in English weather was a feat in itself. Even French pilots complained of it, so there was no telling how difficult it would be for Americans to contend with. Hux allowed himself a sigh, knowing it would be inaudible in the racket of the bumping lorry. And yet he could hear his father’s voice in his head chiding him for it. “A good commander makes the best of the men he’s given,” Brendol had told Hux. “They gave me boys for my regiment who could hardly sit a horse, but I had them riding in drills until their legs muscled up and they could hold themselves in the saddle. They were good lads in the end, fought hard and if they died, they did it with honor.” “As you say, Father,” Hux said quietly. “What’s that, sir?” McMillan asked. “Did you say something?” Hux sat up in his seat and turned to looked at the sergeant. “Nothing of consequence. Will you tell me more about your family? Perhaps your sweetheart. We’ve a long ride ahead of us yet.” McMillan grinned. “Certainly, sir.” The watch Hux wore read 11:24 by the time they turned off the main road from the village of Wolcastle and went down the narrow track that would take them to the airfield. It bore the same name as the village, though it was five miles outside of it. It had been established after the war had already broken out and, from what Hux knew, still had a grass runway. That wasn’t uncommon among the new fields, but at least this one had decent accommodations. As they drove closer, Hux could see a large building that he assumed was the main barracks. A smaller brick building was beside it, likely the mess. There were several blister hangars across the field, sheet metal-covered structures curved at the top and open at both ends, that housed out-of-service aircraft. The majority of the planes were outside, though, ready to fly at a moment’s notice. It took only a matter of minutes for orders to come from the main operations room at Fighter Command Bentley Priory, London to No. 12 Group headquarters at RAF Watnall and then on to the telephone operators at Wolcastle. The pilots were would be in the air shortly after, ready to counter German fighters or bombers. That was if Wolcastle’s squadrons were ever called upon to run interceptions. In all likelihood, they would be doing routine escorts where combat was much less common. The lorry came to shuddering halt outside of a squat brick building that looked to be the main air control center for the field. The telephone and radio operators would be inside, along with the wing commander and intelligence officers. “Well,” said McMillan, shutting the engine off, “here we are, sir.” “Yes, thank you,” Hux said. “It’s been a pleasure riding with you, Sergeant.” He held out his hand and McMillan shook it tightly, almost too much so. Hux forced a smile before stepping out onto the damp grass. Swinging his rucksack over his shoulder, he made his way to the door of the control room and turned the knob. Three women were standing beside a broad, circular table at the center of the room, its top laid out with a map of the sector, the Channel, and the area just beyond the French coastline. They were arranging several square chips across it, indicating the aircraft in the area. Hux could see that there was a bomber run being made into France, three heavy bombers escorted by a fighter squadron from Wolcastle. “May we direct you, sir?” one of the women—one with dark brown hair and a pert nose—asked. “Yes, if you will,” Hux replied. “I’m Squadron Leader Hux, reporting to the wing commander.” “Of course, sir,” she said. Handing off the wooden stick she had been using to move the units on the map to the woman beside her, she gestured to the door at the far side of the room. “His office is through here.” Hux followed her, waiting outside as she knocked and opened the door. “Sir,” she said, poking her head into the room beyond, “the new squadron leader is here to see you.” “Let him in, then, Rey.” She turned and smiled at Hux. “There you are, sir. And welcome to Wolcastle.” He nodded as he went into the office and closed the door. The man seated behind the desk was uniformed, as was expected, and was chewing on the ragged end of an unlit cigar. As he looked up, Hux saw the extensive scarring on his face and bare head. It made one cheek hollower than the other, and the flesh around his mouth was knotted with thick, white tissue. Hux was familiar with burns—he had seen cockpits go up and nearly consume their pilots—but few survived. Wing Commander Snoke, it seemed, had. “Sir,” said Hux, saluting. “Good morning,” Snoke said, his voice craggy and worn as if he had been yelling. “Hux, is it?” “Armitage Hux, sir.” Snoke didn’t get up, instead looking Hux up and down in open appraisal. “Well, you look fit enough. I hear you aren’t green.” “No,” said Hux. “I’ve been in for five years. Flew at Manston, then West Malling, Biggin Hill—” Snoke waved a dismissive hand. “Yes, yes. I can read your record if I need a full detail of your postings. What concerns me is that you’ve got some experience. We don’t need some fool boy out there trying to lead this already fool squadron.” He plucked the cigar out of his mouth and stubbed it into a tin dish. “Do you know what you’re getting yourself into, Hux?” “I have an inkling, sir,” he said. “But I’m aware it’s not going to be simple.” Snoke gave a raspy laugh. “No, it’s not. These Americans are more trouble than they’re worth, if you ask me, and I have no interest in having them here, but we’re stuck with them, you and I.” “Ah, yes, sir,” said Hux. He had had a faint hope that Snoke might have a fair opinion of 363 Squadron, but that did not seem to be the case. It boded ill, if things could get any worse. “You’ll have to make do with them,” said Snoke. “Turn them into something of an operational squadron. I won’t have them getting in the way of the others. Not that they can be bothered with the other officers.” Apparently things could get worse. “They don’t get along with the pilots from the other squadrons?” Hux asked. “They keep to themselves,” Snoke replied. “Or at least they have since they got here yesterday. But it’s customary to introduce yourself to your comrades. They didn’t.” “I shall have to see that they do.” Snoke tipped his head to the side in acknowledgement. “Yes, I’d imagine that would be best. I don’t want any discord at my field. 129 and 222 have good men and they’ve been operating well together these past four months. Seeing 184 go was a loss for them. They were the last squadron here before yours, you see.” “I do, sir,” said Hux. “And I will see to it that the 363 is on its best behavior.” The scars around Snoke’s mouth twitched. “I trust that you will, Hux.” He pressed his hands to the surface of his desk and pushed himself to his feet. “I imagine you’d like to meet them. I’ll send someone to round them up. In the meantime, I’ll show you around a bit.” “There’s not need to trouble yourself, sir,” said Hux. “I’m sure I can orientate myself.” “This is my field, Squadron Leader. I’ll show it to you.” Hux stood up at attention. “Lead the way, sir.” “Rey,” said Snoke when they reentered the main part of the command center. “Go and fetch Sergeant Mitaka. Have him gather the 363 in the mess hall.” “Yes, sir,” she said smartly before ducking out into the rain. Snoke, and Hux behind him, followed the same path, though at a more leisurely pace. He walked with a slight limp in his right leg, though his posture didn’t suffer for it. Hux couldn’t help but speculate how much of his body was scarred beneath his clothing, and what had actually happened to him. The wounds were old, likely earned during the Great War rather than in any more recent conflict. It was remarkable that he hadn’t retired, or been forced into it, after being so severely burned. Hux had to admire that kind of dedication. “We’ve two hundred and forty-one souls at this field, including you,” Snoke said as they walked. “Most of that’s ground crew, as you well know. You’ve got sixty-eight men for your airplanes, and they operate out of Hangar Three.” He pointed to the nearest hangar, where two aircraft were presently being worked on. “How many kites do we have, sir?” Hux said, forgetting himself and using the informal term for the planes. “Fifteen,” said Snoke. “There are the two out for repairs right now, but the rest are airworthy. They’re over here.” He led them around the side of the hangar, where thirteen aircraft were lined up wing-to-wing. “You’ve flown Hurricanes before, haven’t you?” “I have,” said Hux, looking over the planes, “though not in some time. We were equipped with Spits at Biggin Hill.” Snoke huffed. “Well, I suppose that’s only to be expected. No. 11 gets the best airplanes, the sharpest pilots. But don’t discount our boys here. We’ve some damned good flyers and these machines have served us well.” “I’ve no doubt, sir,” said Hux as they stopped beside one of the Hurricanes. He touched a propellor blade, tracing its contoured edge. When Hux had gotten his first commission, he had flown a Hawker Hurricane, and he still had a certain fondness for them. They were, however, no longer the top of the line when it came to combat. Hux had thought most of them were being decommissioned and replaced with the newer, more powerful Spitfire. To see so many of them lined up for his squadron was a not an altogether welcome surprise. “Have the squadron been up in them yet?” he asked. “Not these,” Snoke replied. “But you’ve got the morning tomorrow to go up with them and see what they’ve got.” Hux would have to take the pilots up in shifts, groups of three. Once he had a look at their records, he could decide how to divide them. There would have to be a mix of abilities in each group, the more experienced complementing the lesser. That was assuming, of course, that there was some difference in their levels of skill and they weren’t all green as the grass beneath Hux’s boots. “I will appraise them this afternoon and see how to handle their flight schedule tomorrow,” he said. “Very good,” said Snoke. They turned away from the aircraft to where there was a sturdy wooden building marked with a red cross. “The infirmary is here. We have one doctor, but a number of good nurses. If you’re unwell, they’ll see to you.” “Have you had a good deal of illness among the men here?” said Hux. Snoke shook his head. “Fortunately not. There was a bout of influenza last winter, but since then it’s been well enough.” He cast a sidelong glance at Hux. “Worried about the health of your men?” “It’s always something to consider, sir,” he said. “We don’t have a large reserve to draw from if they get sick.” “That’s true enough. You haven’t any reserve pilots in the squadron. Just the men who are on active duty.” Hux’s brows rose in surprise. “No reserves at all? What happens if we lose a man?” “They’ll send someone up from an operational training unit, I’m sure,” said Snoke. “From what I was told, there are more Americans coming over. Maybe not enough for another squadron, but there are some if you should need them. Let’s hope you don’t.” “Of course, sir,” said Hux. “Is there a high rate of loss at this field?” Snoke’s frown pulled at the scars by his eye, closing it halfway. “If that’s a roundabout way of asking how much fighting you’re actually going to see, you might have just said it outright.” Hux, chastised, said, “Is there a great deal of combat?” “When we fly sweeps we pick up the most,” said Snoke. Fighter sweeps were low-flying passes over German airfields in France, meant to entice enemy fighters up to engage. For an airfield that was away from London and the night bomber raids, it was probably the most exciting assignment a pilot would receive. “Are bomber escorts more common, then?” Hux asked. “Yes,” said Snoke. “There’s a Bomber Command field not far from here. An older installation. We usually make five or six runs with them every day.” Escort missions were tedious for fighters who would rather be in the thick of combat, but they would be a good place to start a young squadron out. It would allow the 363 to get their feet under them, so to speak. If they performed well, they would earn more active missions. “Understood, sir,” Hux said. “Will 363 be expected to come into the rotation soon?” “Not immediately. The other squadrons aren’t too hard up yet. You have two weeks, maybe three.” That timeframe was tight, but Hux was resolved to work within it. Even the most inexperienced of pilots would be able to hold formation for the hour or so it took to conduct a bomber escort. As long as they didn’t get set upon by the enemy, they would be able to manage the first few flights. Rounding the infirmary, they approached the barracks. It was the largest building on the airfield, built to house not only the thirty-six squadron officers, but the ground crew that serviced the aircraft and took care of the field. The officers’ mess hall was adjacent, labeled with a brass plate above the double doors. As Snoke opened one, Hux could hear the din of loud conversation from inside. It was a fairly small space, with three long tables only a few feet apart. Hux counted twelve men seated on the benches at the nearest table, most of them chattering amongst themselves in broad, distinctly American accents. He would grow accustomed to that, he knew, but he would have to teach them to speak at a reasonable volume. They were all but yelling at each other, the noise echoing around the mess and amplifying it. Hux had to force himself not to wince at the sound of a booming laugh from one of the men. He looked over them cursorily, immediately dissatisfied with what he saw. Officers in the Royal Air Force were expected to be dressed appropriately even when not on duty, in uniform and tie. These men, who purported to be officers, were in their shirtsleeves with their collars undone and jackets nowhere to be found. A few wore the turtleneck sweaters they were issued for flying, but none were turned out as they should have been. “Gentlemen, good afternoon,” Snoke said, loudly enough to be heard. Heads turned, and as the wing commander was recognized, some of the men got to their feet. They tugged the others, who were still talking, by the shoulders until they joined them. Hux scowled. That kind of sloppy conduct was unacceptable. “Wing Commander, sir,” said a man with dark hair and eyes, who was standing near the front of the group. “What can we do for you today?” Snoke took a hitched step forward. “363 Squadron, I’ve brought you your new commander.” He clapped a hand firmly on Hux’s shoulder. “This, gentlemen, is Armitage Hux. He’ll be in charge of you now.” “Hello there, sir,” said the dark-haired pilot, grinning and extending his hand. “Nice to meet you.” Hux looked scornfully down at his hand and then back up. The man blinked at him, uncomprehending. “What, are you going to make him wait all day, Poe?” another man said. “You’re supposed to salute him.” “Oh, right,” Poe said. “Sorry about that, sir. Squadron Leader, sir.” He snapped to attention and gave a sharp salute. The others followed him with varying degrees of correctness. “I leave them to you,” said Snoke to Hux. With a last look, he turned on his heel and strode out of the mess, leaving Hux with his squadron. He surveyed them again, taking in their faces and unkempt appearances. They were young, certainly none older than him. Most, like Poe, were on the smaller side, ideal for piloting, but there was one man at the far edge of the group who stood nearly a head taller than the rest. He hunched his shoulders slightly to draw attention away from it and was looking down at his feet. His hair, also dark, was long enough to hang into his eyes, hiding them. Hux made a note to insist that all of them adhere to proper standards of grooming as well as dress. He would not have his squadron looking slovenly. Clasping his hands behind his back and straightening his own shoulders, Hux said, “Good afternoon. As Wing Commander Snoke told you, my name is Hux and I am your squadron leader. I’d like to begin with introductions. Please step forward and tell me your name and your rank.” The men glanced around at each other, as if trying to identify which one of them should go first. Annoyed, Hux tipped his head toward Poe. “If you’ll begin,” he said, curt “Right, sir,” Poe said, taking a long step forward, as instructed. “I’m Poe Dameron. Flight lieutenant.” Hux raised a brow. He hadn’t expected any of these men to be experienced enough to be ranked that high. That, at least, was a good sign. He would have to find out how much flight time this Dameron had. “A pleasure to meet you, Flight Lieutenant,” he said. He nodded to him before turning to the next man, who looked barely old enough to be out of secondary school. “Uh, Temmin Wexley, sir,” he said in a high, nervous voice. “Pilot officer.” “How old are you, Wexley?” Hux asked. His cheeks pinkened. “I’m twenty-one, sir. Old enough to fly.” Hux knew that was a lie. The boy couldn’t have been a day over nineteen. “And where are you from?” “Madison, Wisconsin, sir.” Hux hummed a sound of acknowledgement, though he wasn’t certain where exactly that part of the United States was. But he assumed if he told the Wexley or any of the other men that he came from Surrey they wouldn’t have the slightest idea where that was, either. “And you?” Hux said to the next man. He was blond-haired with a full, round face and blue eyes set shallowly beneath nearly white brows. “Clifford Strickland,” he said in a deep southern American drawl. “Pilot officer. I hail from Dallas, Texas and I’m twenty-four years old.” “Very good,” said Hux, though he was already looking at the next man. He was Norman Crowe from Lawrence, Kansas, twenty-two years old. After him came Theo Meltsa, Andrew Ward, William Taylor, and Jacob Putnam, whom everyone apparently called Shorty. The two men after them were brothers, Brewster and Lewis Mills. Beside them was Virgil Gilbert of Albany, New York, twenty-seven years old. The last man Hux came to was the taller one at the back of the group. “And lastly,” Hux said, “you are?” He lifted his face slowly, allowing Hux to get the first proper look at him. He stared back at Hux through brown eyes, the color unremarkable, but their brightness striking. He had a strong, square chin that he jutted out just slightly as if to make himself look stern. A few dark spots dotted his face. “Pilot Officer Benjamin Solo,” he said. His voice was deep and clear. “Twenty-one.” He shot a glance at Wexley. “And that’s the truth.” Hux pressed his lips together to keep them from curving up at Wexley’s wide-eyed look of betrayal. “And where do you come from, Solo?” “Oakland, California.” Hux knew that state at least, though anywhere other than Hollywood was unfamiliar. He would have to find an atlas and look for the others’ cities, though he wasn’t certain one would be available at the airfield. “Well,” he said, “it is a honor to know you all. We will certainly become better acquainted over the next few months, but this, at least, is a start. I would like to meet with each of you individually this afternoon to discuss the particulars of your training both in the United States and in your operational training unit here. We are to begin flying tomorrow.” “Real missions, sir?” asked Strickland, his smile wide and toothy. “Not yet,” Hux replied. “We aren’t expected to take up that kind of work for the next two or three weeks.” The pilots’ faces fell. “We’re ready, sir,” said Brewster Mills, crossing his thick arms over his chest. “We’ve been in training for over a month. More if you count the time at home.” “So I’ve been told,” said Hux, “but I have particular expectations of my squadron, and before I can let you loose up there, I need to make sure you can handle what is required of you.” “It’s not like we’ve never flown before,” Solo said, sharp. He was standing straight, glaring at Hux from under his brows. “We’ve been flying in circles and doing drills for six weeks. We can take the Jerries.” Hux eyed him coolly. “I spent years flying in circles, as you put it, before I was ever faced with a Messerschmitt. And I was thankful for every hour of practice I had when I did. Good training will save your lives. Charging in headlong will get you killed.” Solo scowled. “We’re ready .” “I will be the judge of that tomorrow morning,” said Hux. He gave Solo a hard look, discouraging any further challenge. Solo seemed to understand, and remained silent, though Hux could see his fists clenched at his sides. “So, sir,” Dameron said, “which of us do you want to see first? And should the rest of us go in the meantime?” Hux glanced at his watch. It was just a little after noon, and he needed a chance to look over the reports from his squadron’s operational training unit before he had his meetings with each of them. He had no doubt that Snoke had those reports; he would just have to go fetch them and spend a little time reading. “We’ll start with you,” he said to Dameron. “There are some things I need to see to, but if you’ll report back here at two o’clock, I’ll see you.” “Can do, sir,” said Dameron with a crooked smile. “Mills,” Hux said, looking at Brewster, “you’ll be next. Half three.” “Yes, sir.” Testing his ability to put names to faces, Hux doled out the rest of the time slots. Some would have to be after dinner, but by his reckoning he would be finished by around ten o’clock, time enough to get himself to bed for a decent rest before an early morning of trying his new squadron. “All right, gentleman,” he said, picking up his rucksack from where he had dropped it on the floor at his feet. “You are dismissed for now, but I will see you back this afternoon at your appointed times.” There was a chorus of “Yes, sirs” before they broke and made for the door. Hux watched them go for a moment, though just as Dameron was about to go out, he said, “I expect you to be in full uniform for your appointment.” The acknowledgments were slightly less enthusiastic, but still present as they filed back outside. When they had gone, Hux let out a breath. As far from ideal as his squadron was, he was feeling somewhat better about their prospects. The next day would be the real test, but for now he was cautiously optimistic. He had told Vice Air Marshal Leigh-Mallory and Wing Commander Snoke that he would make something of 363 Squadron, and he fully intended to. Notes: The amazing queenstardust did this portrait of Squadron Leader Hux in his RAF finest. The lovely caffeinatedcorvid did this drawing of Wing Commander Snoke. Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux didn’t tarry in the mess after his squadron had gone. He needed to see the pilots’ flight records, and for that he needed to get back to the command room. The layout of the airfield wouldn’t be difficult to learn; most fighter posts were constructed along the same lines. There was one main runway, maybe with a secondary crossing it, somewhere between three thousand and thirty-five hundred feet long. A narrower track encircled the runways, allowing the aircraft to taxi into position for takeoff and landing. The hangars were a few hundred feet back from the runways, just off of the track for easy access. The command buildings, barracks, and other facilities were behind them, clustered fairly close together. Hux was confident he could find his way back alone, but when he stepped out of the mess, he found a young man standing just outside. His black hair was damp from the rain, as if he had been waiting for quite some time. “Squadron Leader Hux?” he said. “Yes.” “I’m Sergeant Mitaka. Dopheld. I’ve been assigned as your batman.” Hux looked him over. He was well-kempt despite the rain, his uniform in good order and his chin cleanly shaven. That boded well for his ability to keep Hux’s clothing and quarters in acceptable shape. A batman wasn’t a servant, but he would act as a valet of sorts and a runner to convey Hux’s orders. If Hux remembered correctly, Snoke had sent Mitaka to summon the squadron to the mess for their introductions. “A pleasure to meet you, Mitaka,” Hux said. “Likewise, sir,” said the sergeant, ducking his head. “I’ll show you to your quarters now if you’d like.” He gestured to the rucksack Hux carried. “You can set down your things.” “That would be good. Lead on.” The barracks were cool inside, but dry. Through a door to the left was a large bunk area, where there were at least fifty beds, all neatly made. Footlockers stood at the end of each, the only space airmen had to store their personal effects. Most soldiers kept little, as Hux did. The space looked to be heated by a coal stove at the center. That was a rudimentary comfort, but far better than a cold tent in a wet field. “The officers’ quarters are upstairs, sir,” said Mitaka. He was standing at the foot of a stairway, waiting. The wooden steps creaked under their boots as they ascended, the mark of new construction. The barracks couldn’t have been more than a few months old. Wolcastle had likely been farmland at the start of the year. Nine months later, the building still smelled of freshly cut timber. Doors lined the hallway at the top of the stairs, a luxury. Privacy was hard to come by in the military. Hux had shared quarters with another officer at Biggin Hill and expected to do the same here, but the room Mitaka led him to contained only one bed and a small desk. “You’ll bunk here, sir,” said Mitaka. “Does this suit you?” “It does,” Hux said, genuinely pleased. He went to drop his bag at the foot of the bed, but Mitaka hurriedly took it out of his hands. “I’ll see to this,” he said. “With your permission, sir.” Hux nodded. “Please. I have a matter to attend to with the wing commander. I will be back in short order, I should imagine.” “Of course, sir,” said Mitaka. “I’ll have your things arranged for you when you return. Would you care for a cup of tea?” At that moment, warm tea sounded divine, and Hux accepted readily. Mitaka stood at attention. “Very good, sir. I’ll have it for you.” Hux left him to his business, going back out and across the field toward the command room. He could hear the rumble of the engines of several aircraft from the nearby hangars. The ground crew was likely keeping them warm in case they needed to take off. If the engines cooled too much, the planes would choke before they got into the air. They needed to run every hour or so to keep in fighting form. Hux would have to send to Mitaka with orders to his own squadron’s crew to have their aircraft warmed up for the morning training flights. As no one had been present to use them, it was unlikely they had been run. The woman Rey was the first to greet Hux when he got to the command room. She smiled broadly, displaying straight, clean teeth. “Hello, sir,” she said. “Is there something I can do for you?” “I was hoping to get the flight records for my squadron,” he said. “I assume the wing commander has them.” “He said you might come for them,” Rey said. “He brought them out here.” She went to a side table near the telephone operator’s seat and picked up a pile of folders tied with twine. “Thank you,” Hux said, taking them. “You’re very welcome, sir.” She gestured to the folders. “They’re intriguing fellows, the Americans. A bit unusual perhaps.” “They are, yes,” he said. “I imagine it will take them some time to accustom themselves to how we do things here.” “I’m sure they’ll do fine,” said Rey. “Though if we can help you at all, you only have to say.” “I appreciate that,” Hux said. “I’m sure they would be charmed to make your acquaintance. And that of the other ladies here.” The women of the air corps were also discouraged from fraternizing with the pilots and ground crew with whom they served, but those rules were almost inevitably bent and broken. Hux didn’t want his squadron distracted by liaisons on base, however, and he was in no hurry to introduce them to Rey and the others. If his pilots wanted companionship, they would have it in town when they were on leave. That was simple enough to arrange and it meant they could leave their swains when they returned to base. Rey laughed lightly. “You have nothing to worry about from us, sir. We’re not out to catch husbands among the lads here. Jessika and Elaine both have men, though they’re fighting.” “And you?” Hux asked. “There’s someone I write to,” she replied, fondness in her face. “An old friend I grew up with. Finn. He’s at the front as well.” “I hope he stays safe, then,” said Hux. Rey sobered. “As do I, sir. I wish the same for all the men here, too. Losing them is never easy.” “No,” Hux said. “Enough of that talk for now, though,” said Rey, brightening. “I won’t detain you any longer. I’m sure you have quite of bit of reading to do.” Hux smiled, adjusting the heavy folders in his hands. “Have a good afternoon, Miss Rey.” “Same to you, sir.” As Hux left the building, he spotted a pair of aircraft coming in toward the field. He paused to watch them land, each bumping along the grass until they came to a stop at the end of the runway. There were ground crewmen there to meet them, the men directing the planes to their places in line. The landings were neat and well executed, the mark of good flyers. Holding the records of his squadron’s pilots close to his side, Hux hoped that they would be able to manage the same performance. There was a pot of tea and a china cup laid out on his desk when he got back to his quarters. He shucked his jacket and hung it on the hook on the back of the door, which he had closed behind him. Sitting at the desk, he poured himself a cup of tea and untied the knotted twine holding the folders together. The first record belonged to William Taylor. According to it, he had had training at a California flight school. There was no note about the aircraft he had flown, but it did have a full report of his hours in the air and a few notes on his performance. Those from his operational training unit at Abingdon were more detailed, noting a particular aptitude for formation flying. He kept good control of the aircraft and executed maneuvers effectively. Taking the file, Hux placed it down to start a pile that he considered mid-level experience. He then opened up the next one. For the most part, his squadron seemed to have the basic skills they needed to pilot a Hurricane in formation. Combat, though, was an altogether different matter. The records of gun time were very limited, consisting mostly of firing exercises into the water, meaning that the men had hardly any practice using their weapons in the air. That posed a significant risk. If one of them misfired, it could easily bring down a friendly aircraft. Such incidents weren’t uncommon in untried squadrons, even the British ones. And ammunition was not unlimited, which meant practice would be restricted even further. It was possible that none of the squadron would be able to truly test their skills until they were faced with actual combatants. It was close to two o’clock by the time Hux read through all the files and determined the flying order for them during the morning exercises. Poe Dameron would be among the first to fly. The notes in his file had commended him for his performance in training and it seemed he had been flying for several years as a civilian before he had joined up to come to England. He would be an asset to the others in a teaching capacity. Hux had placed him in a flight group with two of the most inexperienced pilots, the Mills brothers. The trio of Wexley, Strickland, and Crowe would follow. Meltsa, Taylor, and Solo would fly after that. Hux had been surprised to find that Solo’s file included a tattered civilian flight record that indicated that he had more hours in the air than anyone else in the squadron. By all accounts, he should have been commissioned as a flight lieutenant, but there was a note in his file from his operational training commander that described in a few short sentences why he hadn’t been awarded that rank. Solo displays exceptional knowledge of aerobatics and a high potential for mastery of combat tactics. However, he does not fly well in formation and often deviates from standard practice, which could put his squadron at risk. Upon verbal correction for this behavior, he remained obstinate and unresponsive. The behavior did not change and should be looked out for by his squadron leader. Hux frowned down at the note. None of the other men had had their attitudes flagged. If Solo had, it was likely he was going to be a problem, especially on escort missions, where formation flying was critical. Hux hoped the issue was overstated, but he would be glad for the opportunity to speak to Solo that afternoon. It would allow him to feel the young man out, to judge his demeanor for himself. At five minutes to two, Hux put his jacket back on, straightened it appropriately and gave himself a quick once-over in the small mirror tacked to the wall. Satisfied, he made his way back to the mess hall. Dameron was already seated at the nearest bench when he arrived. As ordered, he was in his uniform, though the buttons were tarnished and the tie around his neck was just slightly too loose. There was a patch on his shoulder that Hux didn’t recognize: an eagle with wings spread, arrows clutched in its right talon and an olive branch in the other. Above it were the letters E.S. Eagle Squadron . “Good afternoon, sir,” Dameron said, rising and saluting. “Thank you for your punctuality,” said Hux. “You may sit.” He took the place across from him, folding his hands on the table. “I’ve had the opportunity to look over your file, Flight Lieutenant. You have a most impressive record.” The corners of Dameron’s mouth turned up. “Thank you, sir.” “You were top of your class in your training unit. Your commander spoke highly of you. I’m glad to have you.” “Glad to be here,” said Dameron. “Looking forward to getting in the air tomorrow.” Hux nodded. “Indeed. Before that, I’d like to hear more about you. Where are you from?” “Well, I grew up in Oregon. My dad was a machine shop foreman. I took after him and worked there for a while. Never cared for it, but it paid for flying lessons.” “When did you first start flying?” Dameron scratched his chin. “I was...twenty-two, maybe? Something like that. About the age of some of these kids over here now.” Hux cocked a brow. “You’re not terribly old, Dameron. Twenty-seven.” He shrugged. “Fair enough. You just see these boys in the squad and it gets you thinking about when you were that age. I don’t know that I’d have what it takes to fight a war at nineteen like Wexley.” He winced. “I mean twenty-one.” Hux chuckled. “Yes, well, I’m sure he’ll shape up to be a good pilot, young though he may be.” “I’ve no doubt, sir,” said Dameron. “These are good boys. I’ve gotten to know them pretty well since we shipped out.” “That’s good,” Hux said. “I’d like to make use of your insight.” “Don’t know how much I have, sir, but I’ll help out if I can.” “I see you taking a leadership role among the squadron.” Hux pinned him with his gaze. “I need a second. I believe you are the man for that job, if you’re willing.” Dameron sat up straighter. “I’d be honored, sir.” “Excellent,” said Hux. “It’s not an official role, but men usually default to the more experienced pilots in their squadrons.” “I understand,” said Dameron. “Just tell me what you need from me, sir, and I’ll do my best.” “Well, we’ll start with your flight test tomorrow morning,” Hux said. “It will consist of the basic formations and aerobatics our first missions will likely require. I’ve made a list of flight groups to go up together.” He reached into his pocket and pulled out the small piece of paper on which he had written the order. “What do you think of this?” Dameron took the page and looked it over. “Looks like a good plan, sir. I might switch Shorty and Gilbert, but everyone else should fly well together.” Hux made a note of the change. “Very good. Tell me, do the men get on well for the most part?” “Oh, sure. We have some laughs and nobody has a grudge, if that’s what you mean. We all get on pretty well.” “I’m relieved to hear it,” said Hux. “Conflict will compromise the effectiveness of the squadron. I trust that any issues will be brought to my attention so they can be dealt with.” “Can do, sir,” Dameron said, “but I really don’t think we’ll have any problems. They’re good boys.” There would undoubtedly be some hitches over the course of their tenure as a unit, Hux knew. It was impossible for thirteen men to live and work in close quarters without some disagreements, but keeping them to a minimum was preferable. Hux was in no rush to take disciplinary action if it could be avoided. It took much-needed men out of the air. “Well, Lieutenant,” he said, “I’d like to hear more about what you think of the Hurricanes we’ll be flying. You had them in training, did you not?” “We did. They’re solid machines far as I can tell, light and they move well in the air. I’ve never flown anything that can turn as tight. It’s got a good set of wings on it.” Hux had to agree with that. Though he preferred the Spitfire to the Hurricane, he had to admit that the strong wings kept the guns stable and allowed for clear, true shots. Though they were no longer the most agile or powerful planes in the sky, the Hurricanes would serve the squadron well. “May I ask you a personal question?” Hux said. Dameron didn’t hesitate in his reply. “Sure, sir. I don’t have anything to hide.” “What brought you into the RAF? It’s no small feat to cross an ocean and fight a war that your country isn’t a part of.” “Well,” he said, rubbing the back of his neck, “there’s a few reasons, I guess. I’ve got some distant family from over here, so there are some ties that way. But mostly I think Hitler needs to be stopped. I know the U.S. government doesn’t agree, but I wanted to do my part to keep him out of Britain and anywhere else.” He smiled a little sheepishly. “And there’s something to be said for flying a fighter. It’s nothing like the little things I flew back home. More exciting.” Hux huffed a laugh. “I know the feeling. And even if that was the only reason you came over, it’s appreciated. We need good flyers, and you appear to be one of them.” “Thanks, sir.” “Well,” said Hux, pushing back from the table and standing, “I believe that’s all I need to know for the moment. Thank you for speaking with me, Dameron.” “My pleasure, sir,” he said. “And, if you wouldn’t mind, you can call me Poe.” Hux held out his hand. “Poe it is.” He watched as Poe turned to go, heading toward the door. Waiting just outside was Brewster Mills, the younger of the two Mills brothers, whom Hux was seeing next. Gesturing to the bench across from him, Hux welcomed him and bade him sit. They spent their half hour discussing the particulars of his experience and some about his hometown of Tucson, Arizona. He was twenty-three years old, the youngest of seven. He had only about fifty hours of flight time as a civilian and quite a bit less from training in Abingdon. His knowledge of the mechanics of flying was sound enough, though. His brother Lewis followed him for his interview. He was less talkative than Brewster, and spent most of the time sitting with his arms crossed and regarding Hux sternly. He answered Hux’s questions about aircraft thoughtfully and with sufficient detail, but he would have to be watched carefully come the morning. Hux saw six more of the pilots before others began to come into the mess for dinner. The noise from the kitchen had been increasing since around four o’clock, which had been somewhat of a distraction, but Hux had continued despite it. In the future, however, he would see anyone who wished to speak privately in his quarters. The desk made it enough of an office to serve. After his interview with Pilot Officer Ward, they both remained in the building. Ward, a skinny young man of twenty-four from Raleigh, North Carolina, stood stiffly at the side of the room, putting his hands into his pockets and then immediately taking them out again. “Do you usually sit at a particular table?” Hux asked him in an effort at easy conversation. Ward pointed to the one nearest the door, where they had been sitting. “There, sir.” “The squadron sits together, then?” “Ah, yes, sir,” said Ward. Hux would have to remedy that eventually. Though he wanted to encourage squadron cohesion, he also wanted his pilots to get along with the others at the field. They would acclimate to life among the English sooner that way, too. Before Hux could say more, a pack of pilots came in through the doors, smiling and chattering amongst themselves. A few of them shot glances at Hux, clearly recognizing him as a newcomer, but none stopped to introduce themselves. Hux would make the rounds of the other squadrons later, after he had gotten to know their commanders. He had every intention of finding a seat next to them this evening. The mess filled up steadily in the next few minutes, the space filled with voices. The accents were mismatched as the Americans arrived, and all of them still managed to speak louder than all of the rest of the men in the hall. Several of them nodded to him as they passed. He repeated their names to himself as they did, making sure he could recognize each one. The last to come in, he saw, was Benjamin Solo. He was in uniform now, though it looked as though he hadn’t combed his too-long hair. He went past Hux without so much as a glance, and took a seat at the far end of the table beside Norman Crowe. Crowe gave him a nod, but then returned to his conversation with Gilbert and Strickland. Solo didn’t seem offended. He sat quietly, his posture still somewhat slouched, with his arms folded on the table. “You must be the new squadron leader.” Hux turned his attention to the small man who had come to stand at his side. He had a Northern accent and a small, dark mustache that was neatly trimmed. “I am,” Hux said, giving his name. “Good to meet you, Hux. I’m Alistair Barlow.” They shook hands. “Would you like to sit with Chapman and me tonight?” Barlow asked. “He’s in charge of the 222. Good man.” He looked to the door. “Here he comes now. Say, Chapman! Come over here.” A man of average build and height, Squadron Leader Chapman walked over in efficient, short strides. “Good evening, gentlemen.” He looked to Hux. “You belong to the Eagles, then?” “Armitage Hux.” “Eric Chapman. Welcome to Wolcastle. Got your hands full with these Americans, haven’t you?” Hux held back a frown. Despite whatever shortcomings his men had when it came to manners and dress, he did not like the implication that they were unmanageable. “They’re not quite used to how we do things here,” he said, “but they’ll learn.” Chapman sniffed and rubbed at his nose. “Yes, well.” Hux eyed him darkly for a moment. Barlow, sensing the tension, cleared his throat. “Shall we sit? I hear there might actually be wine tonight. Wouldn’t that be a treat?” He led them over to the table farthest from the door and sat near the head. The pilots nearby acknowledged them, but there was no shift in mood. That the commanders were respected, but not feared, was something Hux could appreciate. Chapman sat next to Hux, Barlow across from them. The table was set with plain, functional china: a plate, utensils, and a cup. Hux had strongly doubted there was wine to be had, but when one of the mess sergeants appeared with a bottle of red, he was glad for even the half cup he was given. It was a bit sour, but he was not about to complain when it had been weeks since his last drink. “Has 129 been here long?” he asked as the first bowl—potatoes—was handed down. “Six months,” Barlow replied, spooning three small potatoes onto his plate. “We came down from No. 13 group.” Hux took the next bowl, of brown bread, from Chapman. “Having a better time down here?” “Decidedly,” Barlow said, taking a sip of wine. “Much more action over the Channel than there was running shipping convoys up north.” He nodded to Chapman. “But the 222 came up from No. 11. I think they’ve been missing it.” Chapman took a thin slice of chicken from the platter that was making its way down the table. “We needed the rest,” he said. “It was a hard eight months.” Hux understood that. Squadrons were moved fairly often to ensure that the pilots had some periods of downtime, when they flew fewer missions and put themselves in much less danger. His squadron at Biggin Hill had been nearing the end of their time there when he left. They likely would have been shipped elsewhere to recuperate for a few months before returning to No. 11 Group. “It’s not all cards and sitting on our hands here, though,” Chapman continued. “We fly five or six runs every day, some sweeps.” “Were you both out today?” said Hux. “We were,” Barlow said. “Bombers over the coast. Got a few of the enemy fields. It was a good run.” “It will ease the load, though, when your squadron is ready for action,” said Chapman. “If they can manage it soon, of course.” “We fly first thing tomorrow,” Hux said, willing himself not to bristle. Chapman’s smile was cutting. “Then I’ll be sure to come out to watch.” Hux picked up his knife and fork and cut purposefully into his chicken. It was drier than he might have wished and there was no sauce to go with it, but it filled his belly and that was enough. A loud chorus of laughter erupted from the table where the 363 was sitting, making a number of the other men in the mess glance over. The Americans didn’t seem deterred by the cool, admonishing looks, though, continuing to talk over each other until they were laughing and pounding fists on the table again. Poe was at the center of the mess, gesturing with his hands as he spoke. Shorty Putnam and Theo Meltsa were seated around him, leaning in to add to his story. The others were paying rapt attention as well, even Solo, far removed from the conversation as he was. A thin-lipped smile crossed his face once, but then faded into impassivity again. Turning back to Barlow and Chapman, Hux found both of them looking unimpressed by the Americans’ conduct. Hux himself was put off, but wasn’t exactly in the appropriate place to scold them. He didn’t want to make a scene of it by getting up and going all the way across the mess just to tell them off for being in good spirits. He would have that discussion later, perhaps when he was sitting with them. Resigned to letting them be raucous for the evening, Hux returned to his meal. He cut a piece of potato and chewed it slowly as he caught Barlow’s eye. “Did you have some leave before you came out here?” Barlow asked. “They must have given you at least a few days to yourself in town.” Hux shook his head. “I came directly from Uxbridge.” “That’s rather callous of the superiors,” Barlow said, dabbing his napkin at the sides of his mouth. “Sending a man directly on from No. 11 to a fresh command. No time to breathe.” “It wasn’t a problem,” said Hux. Had he been given the choice of taking a brief leave, he would have turned it down. He had better things to do than idle the days away in a pub or otherwise go about London. Leaves were best spent with comrades, not alone, and in any event, he had been itching to get to his new command. “I wouldn’t mind a good long leave,” said Barlow, almost wistful. “In a real city rather than the village here. Not to disparage it, mind you, but there’s only so many times you can go to the dance hall and to the pub before the new company is exhausted.” Chapman gave a scornful hmph . “Perhaps the company in those places grows tedious, but there are a number of very kind families in the village who are willing to share an evening with us.” RAF officers had a certain standing in most communities they frequented, Hux had learned. They were offered drinks on the house when they wanted them and were even invited home to dine with residents they met on the street. For families already strapped by the rationing, that was a significant gesture. Sometimes pilots would bring small offerings of their own money or ration tickets to offset the cost of being hosted. Hux had gone to a few homes before, but he didn’t make a habit of it as some others did. One man in his squadron had met and gotten engaged to the daughter of one of the families he visited. They had all attended the wedding four weeks later. “Well, there is something to be said for a wife’s cooking,” said Barlow. He pushed at the remaining cooked carrots on his plate with his fork. “Better than this fare, to be sure, but I’d rather have a few dances and a pint than talk around a dinner table with strangers.” “You might benefit from it,” Chapman said. “Your conversation could use some improvement.” Barlow, unoffended, shrugged. “Not everyone is as long-winded as you are, especially when it comes to politics.” He cocked a brow. “Are you interested in all things political, Hux?” “If it affects the war effort in particular,” Hux said. “But I admit I paid more attention to ancient governments than I did our own when I was in school.” “Ah, a fellow Cambridge man, I hope?” said Barlow. “Oxford.” Barlow hung his head. “Damn shame that.” “Indeed,” Hux said. “Well, I suppose I’ll fly with you all the same.” Stabbing into the last of his chicken, Barlow grinned around it. “You going up with your men tomorrow?” “All of them.” It would be a long day of performing standard maneuvers, which would undoubtedly grow tedious after more than one round, but consistency was needed to maintain a standard by which to judge the squadron’s abilities. “Good, good,” said Barlow. Leaning back, he pushed his plate away. “Gentlemen, I must beg your pardon, but I have a report to write this evening before I turn in, so I must be on my way.” Hux and Chapman said their good evenings, and Barlow was gone. Silence fell between them, and not a particularly comfortable one. Hux wasn’t willing to let himself dislike Chapman after knowing him for so short a time, but his off-handed dismissal of 363 Squadron was irksome. They were not the ideal and Hux was still concerned about their performance, yet he wasn’t going to write them off completely. “You belong to the Eagles,” Chapman had said before. No matter what kind of men the Americans were, they were Hux’s now, and he would make them into something serviceable enough to match any English squadron. Leaving his own plate, Hux rose. “It was a pleasure talking with you,” he said to Chapman. “I suppose I’ll see you tomorrow morning, as you’ll be observing my initial flights?” Chapman pursed his lips, tucking the tip of his tongue under them. “It will be quite the display, I’m sure.” “Yes,” said Hux. “Good evening.” On his way to the door, he paused at the squadron's table. Ward and Taylor, who were seated at the end, turned to him. The others gradually quieted as well, though one was notably missing: Solo. “The mess staff should be finished cleaning up here within the hour,” Hux said. “I will meet with you, Taylor, here at half eight.” “Yes, sir,” Taylor said. “The rest of you will report to Hangar Three promptly at seven o’clock in the morning tomorrow, after you’ve breakfasted. Be dressed and prepared to fly.” He got a few smiles, along with, “Yes, sir.” Satisfied with that, he went out. It was cooler outside now than it had been during the day, though the rain had passed. There were a few stars in the sky between the obscuring tufts of cloud. Hux had nearly three quarters of an hour to spare before he was due to meet Taylor, most of which he could spend walking around the airfield’s buildings. There were few lights, an attempt to keep the enemy night flyers from seeing the installation, but enough to get around by. As Hux rounded the mess toward the hangars, he delved into the pocket of his jacket and pulled out a silver cigarette case. It had been a gift from his father, monogrammed for his graduation from university. He didn’t often smoke, but when there was nothing much to do between flights, it was something to keep himself occupied. Picking up a slender cigarette from inside the case, he stuck it between his lips. He fumbled with the matchbook for a moment before he got a flame and lit up. The smoke filled his lungs with a pleasant tingling as he drew it in. He held it for just a moment before exhaling. He strolled slowly through the well-trodden grass, finding himself wandering toward where the planes were lined up. Their paint was matte and unreflective, but the metal and glass components of the canopies winked in the half moonlight. Hux paused alongside one of the Hurricanes, admiring the sleek taper of the spinner to the three-bladed propellor. Behind it was the powerful Rolls-Royce Merlin engine, producing nearly thirteen hundred horsepower and a top speed of three hundred and forty miles per hour. It wasn’t a match for any of the best German fighters in that sense, but it was armed with eight .303 caliber machine guns, each with some fourteen seconds of ammunition. When concentrated, it was deadly for any enemy in its path. Leaving the planes behind, he went toward the open end of the nearest hangar. There was a tarpaulin covering one side of it, the corner waving slightly in the breeze, but otherwise it was uncovered. There was no one about that Hux could see. Presumably all the ground crew were enjoying dinner in their own mess hall. Hux took a long drag on his cigarette, tapping it between his fingers to ash. Only at night would there be such silence at an airfield. Most days, men were bustling around, planes were running, and fuel trucks were moving between them. There were always guns to rearm and repairs to be seen to. When the sun went down, though, things went quiet and dark. He was just coming up on the maw of the hangar when he noticed a red-orange spot of light just at the edge of the building. It burned bright for a moment and then dimmed: the tip of a cigarette. Trailing smoke behind him, Hux walked toward the figure he could just make out leaning against the wall. Pilot Officer Solo was smoking what was swiftly becoming the stub of a cigarette, one of his legs bent at the knee as he held his foot against the wooden frame of the hangar. His jacket was hanging open, the white shirt beneath exposed. The tip of the cigarette illuminated his face enough for Hux to see that he was looking at him, but little more than that. Hux didn’t speak immediately. He drew the last few puffs from his cigarette before dropping it at his feet and grinding it out with the toe of his boot. Though one was more than enough for the night, he pulled out the case again and flipped it open. He took another cigarette for himself before offering the case to Solo. Solo reached out and took one with his free hand, snuffing out his current cigarette with the other. Hux lit a match, a brief flare of brightness between them, and held it out. Solo lit up first. Hux could feel the heat of the flame by the time he got it up to his own cigarette. “Thanks,” Solo said as he exhaled. “You’re welcome.” Solo picked a piece of tobacco from his lower lip, pausing to look at it for a moment before flicking it away. “These aren’t the standard issue.” “No.” Hux had purchased them at an exorbitant price the last time he was in London, a rare indulgence. “They’re good.” “Yes, they are,” Hux said, ashing with a flick. “And the last of my supply, unfortunately. I shall be reduced to what we are rationed come week’s end.” Solo gestured in the direction of Hux’s pocket. “Ten will last you the week?” Hux shrugged one shoulder. “They can. I admit, I don’t do this often. It doesn’t serve me well to want one every hour, especially when I’m in the air.” “Guess not,” said Solo. He took another drag. “But you’re never up longer than an hour, are you?” “Rarely,” Hux said. “Unless we’re on a longer bomber run. But we’ve only about an hour and a half’s worth of fuel, so it can’t be more than that.” “That’s what we’re supposed to do here, isn’t it? Escort bombers?” Solo’s tone was sour. “In large part, yes,” said Hux. “They’re critical missions.” Solo scoffed. “I didn’t come here to sightsee over France. I came here to fight.” Hux eyed him, though it was still too dark to see his expression. “I understand that,” he said, “and you will likely have your chance, but you and the others are barely out of training. To put you in a dogfight at this point would be throwing you into something you’re not prepared for.” “You don’t know that,” said Solo. “You haven’t even see us fly yet.” “No, but I have read your files.” “Paper doesn’t tell you anything about what we can really do. But you’re already saying we don’t know what we’re doing up there.” He turned the cigarette tip-up, looking at it between his fingers. “There were pilots in the other training units with us who were just as ‘inexperienced’ as we were. But I’d bet a dollar you wouldn’t tell them what you’re telling us. Would you, sir?” Hux frowned, noting the condescension in Solo’s voice, and disliking it. “Any squadron fresh out of OTU would be vetted before they were given an operational mission.” “You said it was going to be weeks before we got one,” said Solo. “More time wasted on drills. We’ll learn better in action, in the moment.” “If you’re not ready ‘in the moment,’” Hux said, “you’ll die and take one of His Majesty’s airplanes with you.” He turned sharply to Solo. “Fools think they can go into a fight without the proper knowledge, and I will tell you this, Pilot Officer: I do not tolerate fools in my squadron.” Solo blew smoke up in front of him, forming a gray halo around his head. “We’re not fools. You’ll see tomorrow.” “I will,” Hux said. He paused to smoke, searching for what to say next. He had no obligation to stay, of course—he was set to meet with Solo in a couple of hours—but he had no reason to go. It would be easy enough to just have the necessary talk now. “You have a great deal of experience in the air. More than three hundred hours as a civilian.” “That’s only what’s on record,” Solo said. “I’ve got even more than that, really.” “Is that so?” said Hux. “Mmhm.” Hux expected him to elaborate, but Solo simply took a pull from his cigarette in silence. “How did you come by the opportunity to fly so much?” “I grew up in a plane,” Solo said. “My dad’s.” “Your father was an aviator?” Hux asked, probing further when it seemed that that was all that Solo was going to say. “Yeah. Used to travel all around the west with a bunch of other barnstormers.” That was a term Hux didn’t recognize. “What exactly is a ‘barnstormer?’” “A trick pilot,” said Solo. “They do a kind of flying circus together, showing off what their planes can do. Sometimes they take people up on rides.” “And they make a living that way?” Hux said. Solo gave a dismissive wave with his cigarette. “They don’t live like kings, but it’s enough to get by. And they get to fly. Not much else matters to them.” “As a boy you traveled with these barnstormers? Flew with them?” “In the summers when I wasn’t in school,” Solo said, almost begrudgingly. “I stayed with my mom for most of the year, but I went with Dad the day I could get out of school.” “That must have been exciting for you,” Hux said. He certainly would have enjoyed spending his summers in the air with a band of performing pilots. It sounded a sight romantic, like living with gypsies or a traveling band of musicians, living off the money they gathered in a hat on the ground. It was nothing Brendol Hux would have approved of for his only son, though. “It was the best time I ever had,” said Solo as he finished his cigarette and dropped it in a hail of sparks on the grass. “Nothing like it.” Hux marked the wistfulness in that. “When did you become a pilot yourself?” he said. “Thirteen,” said Solo. “My dad taught me how as soon as I could reach the rudder pedals.” Hux’s brows rose. “So young?” “I told you I’ve got more than three hundred hours. Maybe not in something like the planes we’re flying now, but it’s not so different.” He tipped his head toward the Hurricanes. “These just have more power and some guns.” “But flying combat is not like performing showy aerobatics,” said Hux. “It’s not about rolls and inversions. It’s about staying alive.” “I thought it was about shooting down the enemy,” Solo said as he hunched his shoulders forward against the breeze that was coming up. “That, too,” Hux conceded. “But you can only do that if you preserve yourself and your squadron mates, and that takes finesse.” “I can do that.” “I believe you can,” said Hux, “if you are properly trained.” Solo sighed, leaning his head back against the side of the hangar. “I heard you the first time, and you heard me. We’re good pilots. Maybe some of the others need some work, but me, Dameron, and maybe Meltsa and Strickland could fly out tomorrow and be fine. Better than fine.” “Then I’ll expect to see that capability during our training,” Hux said. “Demonstrate to me that you can follow orders and take care of your squadron in the air and you’ll have to chance to face down the Germans. I won’t hold you back if you have the skills, Solo.” He stood up straight, bringing him close enough to Hux for him to see the slight difference in their heights. Solo was broader, too, especially across the shoulders and chest. Hux couldn’t imagine being in the cockpit of a fighter was comfortable for him. “Well,” Hux said, “I need to be getting back to the mess. If you’d still like to come speak with me at your appointed time, you may, but I don’t think it’s necessary after this conversation.” “Fine,” said Solo. Hux nodded curtly. “Very well. It’s been a pleasure speaking to you, Solo. I look forward to tomorrow. Good evening.” A simple “Night,” followed Hux as he retreated toward the mess. The morning brought fairer weather than the day before, with a high ceiling and good visibility. Hux judged it to be excellent for his squadron's first flight. As he crossed the field from the barracks, he found them waiting for him at Hangar Three, all dressed in uniform and sweaters. They carried their parachutes over their shoulders and had their thick gloves tucked into their leather helmets. They turned, quieting their conversations, as Hux approached. “Good morning,” Hux said. “I see you’re all prepared for today’s trials. I’m glad to see it. We have the runway for the moment, but that may change at any time if the other squadrons are disbursed, so I’d like to get started right away. Dameron, Mills, and the second Mills will go up with me first.” Poe, Brewster, and Lewis stepped forward, each fresh-faced and eager. “You’ll fly the first three aircraft in line,” said Hux. “They should be warm already. I sent word to the ground crew earlier.” Sergeant Mitaka had run the message right after he had brought Hux his meager breakfast of biscuits and tea. Hux could never eat much in the mornings, and his nerves were already running high. He didn’t want to knot his stomach in the middle of the training flights. “Yes, sir,” said Poe. With the Mills brothers on his heels, he set off at a jog toward the far side of the line of Hurricanes. There were a few ground crewmen milling around them, waiting for the pilots to arrive. “We should be up for about half an hour,” Hux said to the others. “We’ll be flying formations and basic aerobatics. I’ll give you your orders as we fly. Wexley, Strickland, and Crowe, you’re on deck. Be ready when we return.” Hux left them there, making his way to his own aircraft. Two crewmen were standing beside it when Hux arrived. A slip of a young man in a too-loose uniform struggled to salute around the parachute he was carrying. “Good morning, sir,” he said. “I’m Sergeant Thanisson. I’m in charge of your kite, sir.” “Good to meet you, Sergeant,” said Hux as he took the parachute and slung it over his back. “I assume everything is in order.” “It is, sir.” He looked to the plane. “I had her running just ten minutes ago. She’s ready for you.” Hux felt the familiar surge of excitement he experienced whenever he prepared to get into his aircraft. Taking his flight helmet, he pulled it on and fastened the buckle. Thanisson followed him as he went to the port-side wing and pulled himself up onto it. Standing at the inside of the wing, he released the catch on the canopy and slid it back. The cockpit door came down after it, allowing him to duck inside. The seat was a touch too high for him, so he lowered it and adjusted the parachute. He checked the height of the rudder pedals and strapped his legs into the harness. When the rest of the restraints were in place over his shoulders and chest, he fitted the radio cable and oxygen tube connected to his mask and helmet into their sockets on the right side of the cockpit. With all that in place, he flipped the master switch. The dials and gauges sprang to life, indicating the necessary systems—oxygen and fuel—were operational. The checklist of actions to perform ran through his head easily: the undercarriage selector lever is positioned down, the indicator light flipped on; the landing lamp is on; the fuelcock levers up. Glancing back and around, Hux manipulated the control column—the stick—and the pedals to test the movement of the elevators, ailerons, and rudder. Satisfied with them, he turned on his radio transmitter, a button set for each of the four frequencies. Adjusting the fuel mixture to “rich,” he made sure everything was in order and then, with a sign to Thanisson, he called the all clear. The sergeant waved his acknowledgement as Hux flipped the magneto switches up. “Contact!” Hux called, pressing the starter button and easing the priming pump handle in. With a rumble, the engine fired up, making the aircraft hum. Hux waited for the engine to even out and run smoothly, watching the radiator temperature gauge. Remaining stationary for too long could easily overheat the engine. Giving a last check to the oil temperature and pressure, Hux called down to the ground crew, “Chocks away.” Thanisson and the others pulled away the wooden blocks that kept the aircraft’s wheels stationary, moving clear so that Hux could engage the throttle and taxi out of line. He didn’t wait around. He could already hear the other planes’ engines starting, and they, too, would have to get into the air as soon as possible. The head of the runway wasn’t too far off, a few hundred yards at most. Hux slowly moved forward, guiding the Hurricane toward the dirt track that would take him to the runway. The plane bumped along the track until Hux reached the slightly smoother surface of the grass runway. Turning into the wind, he checked the elevator trim, rudder bias, and throttle friction. He opened the radiator shutter fully and cursorily glanced over the instrument readings. Everything was in order. “This is Blue Leader,” Hux said into his radio, “requesting permission to take off.” “Affirmative, Blue Leader,” said a woman on the other end of the connection. “You are cleared.” Hux released the brake lever on the stick and pushed it forward as he opened the throttle. The plane moved forward, steadily gaining speed as he increased the power. The wind picked up, buffeting his face, as he began his takeoff run. The tail of the aircraft came off the ground first, leveling it and indicating that Hux should give it full power. Racing down the runway at nearly eighty-five miles per hour, he started to feel the wheels come off the ground. He carefully watched his airspeed increase to one hundred, one hundred and ten, one hundred and twenty. At the one hundred and forty mark, he started his climb up and away from the airfield. Exhilarated, he grinned, enjoying the smooth lift of flight. He would never tire of it. Safely in the air, he pulled the undercarriage control lever to bring the wheels up and throttled back some to reduce the RPM on the engine, bringing it back to around two thousand. Finally, he closed the cockpit door completely and pulled the canopy over his head and locked it. He didn’t fly far, coming around to reset his gyro for his eventual landing before making a circle above the airfield. He couldn’t see much, but he heard through the radio that Poe—Blue Two—was up and ascending and Brewster Mills was following close behind. Hux waited for each of the others to announce their positions in the air before giving the order for them to form up. They would be flying the finger-four standard formation to start, holding it out over the Channel and then breaking off for individual aerobatics. “Blue Flight,” said Hux. “Check in.” “Blue Two checking in,” Poe said, his voice crackling over the radio. “Blue Three checking in.” Brewster Mills. “Blue Four checking in.” Lewis Mills. “Very good,” Hux said. “I want to see your formation first. Poe, I want you as flight wingman. Brewster, element leader. Lewis bringing up the rear as element wingman.” They acknowledged and moved into position. Hux was at the head of the formation as flight leader with Poe a few yards behind and to his port side. Brewster flew at the same position as Poe, though on Hux’s starboard side. Lewis was some feet behind Brewster to the starboard. Initially they held their places well, though it took a moment for Lewis to settle into his. “Thirty miles out before formation breaks,” Hux said. “Let’s see what you can do, gentlemen.” They soared out over the countryside of Suffolk toward the Channel, the parcels of land divided into square farming tracts flashing by. As they reached the coast, Hux could see a radar array at the edge of a field. They had been built all over the country, and had been essential in tracking enemy aircraft as they came over to attack during the summer of the Battle of Britain. Information from the arrays was sent directly to Fighter Command’s operations room, where plans were made. From there orders would be issued to the groups and then to their sectors and individual airfields. It only took a matter of minutes to make it all happen, and fighters were in the air in less than three. It really was a remarkable weapon. The flight left the array behind in a matter of seconds, coming out over the choppy water of the Channel. “We’re staying close to the coast here, flight,” Hux said. “I want to see your aerobatics. Lewis, you’ll be first. Everyone else, give him some space, but stay in formation, following my lead.” “What should I start with, sir?” Lewis asked. “A normal loop into a slow roll,” Hux replied. It was a simple combination, but it would be a good test of Lewis’s coordination. It was easy to stall the engine during a loop if it wasn’t executed properly, and there were a number of other faults he could make that would show his capability, or lack thereof. “Yes, sir,” said Lewis as he broke out of formation and moved clear. Hux watched closely as he began his climb up into the loop. He should have tipped his nose down slightly before entering it to make sure he had an aiming point of reference on the ground to return to when he leveled out, but he managed to get up without much trouble. He hit the point of full inversion without a stall—a relief—and began his dive back into level position. On the whole, it was well done. However, as he came out of the loop, he had to take a moment to recover before going into the roll. Those few seconds could easily have cost him his life in a dogfight. “Not bad,” Hux said when Lewis had completed the maneuver, “but it will need some improvement. Do it again, and this time anticipate the actions on the stick and pedals that will take you into the roll before you exit the loop. It needs to be done quickly and without interruption.” The next time was better, but still a bit clumsy. Hux would have to spend some time training him one-on-one, or send him up with a more experienced pilot to do the same. With hope, Poe could do that. “Return to formation, Blue Four,” said Hux. “Blue Two, the same combination.” Poe’s “Yes, sir,” came as he was already leaving formation and going into the maneuver. There was no hesitation in either part of it, a smooth roll following a graceful loop. Hux smiled behind his oxygen mask. That was the kind of flying he needed. “Give me a half roll and reverse, Blue Two,” Hux said. Poe performed admirably again, pulling his nose up before rolling into an inversion and then back level. “Excellent. Blue Three, I’d like to see the same three maneuvers from you. Can you handle that?” “I can, sir,” said Brewster. Hux took each of the pilots through another few combinations, including vertical reverses, snap rolls, and even the Immelman turn, which reversed their direction of flight completely. Both of the Mills brothers struggled with the last turn, but with some coaching, they made it through successfully. “All right, gentlemen,” said Hux when they had all come back into formation and were flying back toward the coast. “Well done. We’re finished for now. You’ll fly again tomorrow, or perhaps later today if time allows.” As they approached the airfield, Hux had them line up to land one after the other. It was a risk since he didn’t know how well they could handle landing, but one he was willing to take after what he had seen in the air. “Poe, after you,” he said. “Wolcastle control,” Dameron said over the radio. “This is Blue Two requesting permission to land.” There was a pause, and then: “You are cleared to land, Blue Two. Welcome home.” Poe began his descent toward the landing strip. Brewster got his clearance next, followed by Lewis. Hux continued to circle, turning so he could see the airfield. Lewis’s plane was in the proper position on the landing strip, but he was coming in faster than he should. At this rate he would fly by the end of the strip and wouldn’t have enough grass to slow down before he went rolling into the field beyond, wrecking his aircraft. “Mills, pull up,” Hux said, sharp and clear. “You need to come in again and line up properly.” “Approach looks fine to me, sir,” Lewis said. “I have this.” “You do not ,” Hux snapped. “Pull up, Pilot Officer.” “I’m good, sir. I—shit. Yes, sir, pulling up to circle back.” Hux breathed a heavy sigh. The last thing he needed today was his first flight to end with a maimed airplane. He watched as Lewis came around and aligned again for his descent. This time he slowed to an appropriate speed, and Hux saw him touch down roughly, but safe. “Blue Leader, are you coming down?” said the radio operator. “No,” Hux said. “Send up the next flight. I’ll be waiting for them here.” The next pilots got up into the air about ten minutes later, slower than Hux had hoped, but all of them got off the ground without incident. However, Strickland didn’t ascend far enough and Crowe nearly clipped him as he got up. It was a quick pull on the stick that had Strickland up and out of the way before they collided. Hux talked them into formation as he had the first group. He was already missing Poe, who had kept the others in position as he flew with them. They managed, though, as they got out over the water. Wexley proved to be the most adept at rolls and loops, executing them well and with precision. The others performed acceptably, but Hux had to issue direct instructions to get Crowe through an inversion and correction when he straightened out again. He was certainly far from ready to evade enemy aircraft. After the three of them were on the ground again, Hux came in for his own landing. He throttled back and set the aircraft down at a smooth seventy miles per hour, applying the brake to stop several hundred feet from the end of the runway. The fuel truck was waiting when he got back to the parking line. He locked the brakes as the ground crew ran in to replace the chocks. The engine idled for a few moments before Hux turned the master switch off to cut it. The flipping of the last switches was accompanied by the whirring sounds of the gyros unwinding behind the instrument panel. When Hux had disconnected his radio and oxygen line, he released his harness and dropped the door. Thanisson was waiting outside to help him down from the wing. “We’ve got another kite ready for you, sir. The next flight is standing by for takeoff.” “Tell their crews to get them in the air and I’ll follow,” said Hux. He stretched his arms and shoulders, releasing the tension that had built while he was in the cockpit. The roaring of an engine from the runway had him looking up to see one of the next pilots taking off. He cleared the ground well and was soon up and away. Hux watched him bank and turn to circle the airfield as he waited for the others. He jumped into the cockpit of his new plane, ran through his checks, and started the engine. Soon enough, he was at the end of the runway asking for clearance to take off. Seconds later, he was flying again. It was Meltsa, Taylor, and Solo up with him this time. Hux checked them all in, talked them through the routine he had used for the others, and got them in formation. Their performance was solid as they came out over the Channel. It glistened in the short bursts of sunlight that shone through the clouds. “Hot damn,” said Taylor. “Got nothing that looks like that in Texas.” “That’s France over there, isn’t it?” Meltsa asked. “It is,” Hux replied. “We’ll be seeing quite a bit of it in the coming few months. This is your battleground.” “If we ever get to see battle,” said Solo. “You will,” Hux said, tamping down a flash of irritation. “In time. But first you’ll be tried. Yellow Two, we’ll start with you. Fly round us and come up behind me as if to take a shot. I’ll stay in formation for now, but I’ll come out after this to see if you can catch me.” “Acknowledged,” Solo said. From his position astern and on Hux’s port side, he shot out ahead and began to spiral before going into his loop. It wasn’t part of the test, but Hux would permit brief displays of exuberance as long as it didn’t compromise the objective. Coming out of the loop, Solo banked hard to port and soared out of Hux’s field of view. A few seconds later, he heard Solo say, “In position behind the flight. Ready to fire.” Hux glanced behind him to see Solo’s aircraft a few hundred feet back from his own, flying just slightly higher than the flight. It would be easy enough for him to tip his nose down and take the shot. “Come on, then,” Hux said. That was all the warning he gave as he pulled sharply up and away, leaving Meltsa and Taylor in their positions in formation. Solo came immediately into pursuit. Hux dove to avoid him, corkscrewing down toward the water and then pulling up and turning hard to starboard. Behind him he could see Solo following, though Hux was just out of range of his guns. He kept the rest of the flight in sight as he flew around them, leading Solo. He was adept, quick on his corrections and difficult for Hux to shake off. It was some impressive flying, far better than most Hux had seen that day. Only Dameron, perhaps, could compete. Solo still had his weaknesses, though. He was aggressive, and charged after his prey rather than thinking it through to anticipate their next move. Hux could exploit that. Cutting away, he came around and inverted, bringing himself into position to fire across Solo’s tail. “I have you, Yellow Two,” he said. “You’re on your way down. You’d bail out if you could.” “Yes, sir,” Solo said, his voice tight even over the radio. “But I almost got you.” Hux admitted that. “Yes, and it was well done, but in the end you didn’t succeed. That will make all the difference when it comes to combat.” There was no reply, so Hux moved on. “Back in formation, Yellow Two. Yellow Three, you’re up.” Meltsa and Taylor did well, performing their tasks to Hux’s satisfaction. They needed improvement in a number of areas, especially quick turns and watching out for enemies behind and beside them, but they wouldn’t be a liability in the sky. He was willing to say they would be ready for service in another two weeks. “All right, Yellow Flight,” he said as they came back in toward Wolcastle. “Prepare to land. Starting with—” He was cut off as Solo, to his right, moved ahead of him again. He got in front and then looped around to cross behind the flight. “Yellow Two,” Hux said. “What the hell do you think you’re doing?” “Taking my shot,” Solo said. Hux looked out behind him and saw Solo’s aircraft behind his, positioned to fire. It was a good move, but Hux had not given him permission to execute another drill this close to the airfield. Everyone would have to circle back around to put them in the proper position to land. “Get back in formation, Solo,” Hux snarled. “Now.” “Yes, sir,” he said, sounding quite pleased with himself. Hux allowed the others to land first, watching them all bounce down and taxi back. He came down last, positioning his aircraft in the parking line once again. As he got out and dropped to the ground, he was seething. What Solo had done had been unacceptable, a breach of protocol that could have ended in disaster. He deserved to be reprimanded. Sternly. Spotting him down the line of planes, Hux pulled off his helmet and stormed over. “I don’t take kindly to showboating,” Hux said, scowling at him. “You put the others at risk by doing that at such a low altitude. You easily could have caused a collision and brought down both yourself and someone else, if not two of us. I will not tolerate that kind of behavior.” Solo’s face, already flushed from the wind of his landing, turned a deeper shade of red. A muscle in his jaw twitched as he clenched his teeth. “I had an opening to take my shot and I did,” he said. “Isn’t that how it really works in a dogfight? You don’t let your target get away, no matter the circumstances.” Hux’s ire flared hotter at Solo’s apparent inability to comprehend the difference between combat and practice. “This was a training flight, not a skirmish.” “But that’s what we’re training for!” Solo said, eyes flashing with something akin to malice. “Why not do it now?” Hux pointed a finger at his chest. “Because you were ordered to keep in formation. We were preparing to land, not in the middle of an exercise. You disobeyed your superior.” That offense was formally punishable, and in that moment Hux was sorely tempted to do so. He held himself back, though, knowing it would not engender goodwill among the men. And Solo deserved the opportunity to heed a verbal warning before suffering more severe reprimands. It seemed he was unmoved, however. He continued to glower, leaning into Hux’s space. “I was just showing you what I could do. That’s what you wanted to see, isn’t it?” “The only thing you showed me,” Hux said, not backing down an inch, “is that you can’t be relied upon. We work together in the air. What you did is irresponsible, reckless. I won’t have it.” He looked hard at Solo. “Restrain yourself, or I’ll ground you. Is that understood?” Solo’s brown eyes widened and then narrowed. “You can’t do that. You don’t have any reserve pilots.” Hux lifted his nose, unperturbed. “Then we fly one man short. It’s better than losing two because of your foolishness.” Solo looked murderous, his fists clenched at his sides. For a moment Hux thought he might hit him, but he stayed still, trembling with contained fury. Hux backed away a step, though he never took his eyes off of Solo. “Do I make myself clear, Pilot Officer?” The sides of Solo’s mouth pinched, but he ground out, “Yes,” before whirling and striding away. Hux watched him go to the hangar. A few of the other pilots were waiting there, and Solo pushed through them to go inside. They frowned after him, murmuring amongst themselves. Hux blew out a long breath, rubbing the back of his neck. Damn good of a pilot though he may be, Solo was going to be just the kind of problem Hux had feared. Notes: Yes, a "batman" is a real thing. Google it if you don't believe me. The wonderful tallrezi drew this adorable picture of radio operator Rey! Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Despite Solo’s huffy departure, Hux managed to keep his mood from souring. The men of his squadron were far from perfect aviators, but none of them had failed during their test flights. He had a good idea of how to proceed with them now, starting with one-on-one training over the coming days. With luck and perseverance, they would be flying mock dogfights by the end of the next week. “Sir?” It was Shorty Putnam, who had come over from the hangar. He was still wearing his flight helmet and looked eagerly up at Hux. “Are we going up again today? It’s still early.” Hux pushed back the sleeve of his uniform to glance at his watch. “Just past noon,” he said. “We’re due for lunch, but we may have the opportunity this afternoon.” Shorty grinned. “Sounds good, sir.” To the others nearby he called, “Come on, fellas, chow time.” The pilots followed him toward the mess, some with arms slung over each other’s shoulders, others carrying their flight jackets and helmets. The only one who was not with them was Solo. Hux debated going to find him and ordering him to go eat with the others, but if he wanted to sulk and go hungry for a day, that was his business. Hux’s stomach rumbled, a reminder that the two biscuits he’d eaten for breakfast had long since gone, but food could wait. He had more pressing matters to attend to, namely finding Wing Commander Snoke to request more flight time for the day. No point in wasting the fine weather. Miss Rey was the radio operator on duty when he got to the command room, and she stood when Hux entered. “Good afternoon, sir,” she said. “Something I can do for you?” “I’m looking for Snoke,” said Hux. “Has he already gone to the mess?” “No, sir. He takes most of his meals here. Shall I ask if he’ll see you?” Hux nodded. The heels of Rey’s shoes clicked across the concrete floor as she hastened over to the wing commander’s door and knocked. She exchanged a few brief words with him—they were too muffled and quiet for Hux to make out—before gesturing Hux over. She flashed him a smile as he went past her and into the office. “Hux,” Snoke said. He sat behind his desk, a half-full plate in front of him and a cup of steaming tea in his hand. “What is it?” “I’m sorry to disturb your meal, sir,” Hux said. Snoke waved his fork dismissively. “I assume you have something of importance to say to me, so if you could get on with it, that would be best.” Hux held himself upright, shoulders squared. “Yes, sir, of course. I wanted to report that this morning’s test flights with 363 Squadron were successful. I have taken the measure of their abilities and am preparing a training plan for each of them.” “Excellent,” said Snoke. “Seeing as there were no accidents or other misadventures to contend with, am I to understand that they are competent pilots?” “They have a foundational grasp of the basic skills,” Hux said, “but there is refinement to be done yet. It is for that reason I had hoped to take them back up this afternoon.” “Not today, I’m afraid. The 222 will be disbursed on a bomber run in half an hour’s time and the 129 is on a sweep of the coast. We’ll need to keep the skies around the field clear for their return.” “I understand, sir,” said Hux, “but we would only be going up in pairs. Four kites at most. Surely that wouldn’t affect the pattern around the field if anyone from the 129 needed to land in a hurry.” “If it were a more seasoned squadron, I would consider it,” Snoke said, running a hand over the gnarled scars on his brow. “But it’s best your men wait until morning.” Hux bit back his disappointment. “Yes, sir. We’ll be ready to fly first thing tomorrow.” “Very good. Is that all?” “It is, sir,” said Hux. He saluted. “Good afternoon, sir.” Snoke made a gruff sound of acknowledgement before turning back to his plate. Hux saw himself out, closing the door firmly behind him. He waved once to Rey, who wiggled her fingers briefly before sliding the radio operator’s headphones over her ears. As Hux stepped out out of the command room, he took in the bustle of the airfield. Several fuel trucks were parked beside a row of Hurricanes at Hangar One, home of the 222, with their long hoses attached to the aircraft. Several of the ground crew were flitting around between them, checking engines and warming them up. A group of pilots came around the corner from nearer the barracks, all of them outfitted to fly. Among them was Squadron Leader Chapman, who hung back as he spotted Hux. The others went on. “Back from your exercises this morning, I see,” Chapman said. He eyed the fleece-lined, leather flight jacket Hux still wore and the helmet in his hand. “No worse for the wear.” “Indeed,” said Hux coolly. “Everything went quite well. I’m sure you saw the successful maneuvers we performed nearest the field. What do you make of them?” Chapman clasped his hands behind his back. “Looked fair enough from where I stood, though there was the matter of the man who needed to circle back to make a proper landing. I should have imagined such a simple skill would already have been mastered.” Of course he would have seen that. Fortunately he made no mention of Solo’s showboating. “Yes, I very much agree,” Hux said. “We’ll be working hard on those sorts of things, as well as combat tactics.” He narrowed his eyes slightly. “I’m sure you’ll be able to see a marked improvement quite promptly.” “No doubt,” said Chapman, his dubiousness clear. “If you’ll excuse me, I have a run to oversee.” Hux nodded. “Certainly. Good hunting.” Chapman marched off, straight-backed with his chin in the air. Hux permitted himself a scowl. Apparently his first impression of Chapman hadn’t been far off the mark. The man was a bit of an ass, and arrogant to boot. Hux would have to ask around about his squadron’s performance record to measure against 363’s when they finally got into combat. He didn’t expect them to be aces right out of the gate, but he had hope for them. Putting that matter aside for now, he made for the mess, prepared to join the men for a first meal. They were seated around their usual table when he arrived, talking and laughing. Hux slipped his jacket off and hung it on a peg on the wall. Tugging his uniform to straighten it, he approached the table. Gazes fell on him as conversations trailed off. “May I join you?” Hux asked. There was pause, but then Poe spoke up. “Sure, sir.” He extended a hand toward the small space across from him. “Have a seat.” Meltsa and Strickland slid over to make more room and Hux stepped over the bench and took his place. Serving platters and bowls were passed down to him in near silence. He filled his plate steadily with steamed string beans and baked pork loin, a slice of bread and gravy. The men hardly picked at theirs, still watching Hux with wary interest. Hux took it upon himself to break the strange quiet. “I’ve been to see the wing commander. We are unfortunately grounded until tomorrow morning.” There were a few groans and scattered complaints. “Why, sir?” asked Wexley from down the table. “Did we do something wrong?” “No,” Hux replied, cutting a bit of meat. “It’s no fault of yours. We are just to keep the skies clear for the other squadrons to conduct their operations this afternoon.” “So, what are we supposed to do all day?” Strickland drawled in his heavy Texas accent. “Sure isn’t enough sun to sit out in, and we’ve got no books to read.” Meltsa elbowed him in the side. “You can read? Coulda fooled me.” Strickland made a face at him. “Tedium is a reality of war,” Hux said. “Between sweeps and bomber runs, there’s not much to do. Though there is a Link Trainer, isn’t there?” The Link was a training simulator that built skills in instrument flying. It wasn’t always possible to see in the air, especially in English weather, so a pilot had to rely on his instruments to navigate. Even the most seasoned flyers still got in the trainer every once in a while to brush up. Hux had the distinct feeling all of his pilots could use some time in it. “Yeah, there is,” said Poe. “In the same building as our briefing room. Other side of the hangar.” “Excellent,” Hux said, pleased. “I’d like each of you to spend an hour in it this week. You won’t all be able to manage today, but there will be more ground time in the future. Log it in your flight records.” He glanced around the table. “I presume you’ll all log today’s training as soon as we’re finished here.” “You’ve got our files, though, sir,” Ward said. He was sitting near the end of the table. Hux nodded. “I do. However, I’d like your records here to be started fresh. My previous squadron kept them on a blackboard in our briefing room. It was meant to inspire a bit of healthy competition between us. We recorded our kills there as well.” He got a few smiles from that. “How many Jerries have you shot down, sir?” Brewster Mills asked, looking eager. “Ten,” said Hux. He tried to sound modest despite the fact that that was an impressive total. He had held the highest number of confirmed enemy aircraft destroyed in his squadron and had been awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross. Mills whistled. “Damn, sir. That’s a hell of a thing.” Hux offered a small smile. “Thank you. I expect each of you will try to best me, however.” A few scattered laughs. “We can definitely give it our best shot,” said Poe. He grinned, a flash of white teeth. “And I mean that literally.” “Well, time in the Link will certainly help improve your chances,” Hux said. “Perhaps you’d like to go first today, Poe?” “Consider me signed up.” Hux looked down the table, considering. “Then perhaps you, Taylor. Crowe, Gilbert. The rest of you can decide amongst yourselves. I trust you’ll see to it that you all get your allotted time.” “Yes, sirs” made the rounds. Hux returned to his food, though when he others didn’t do the same, he said, “I shouldn’t want this to get cold, now. Please, continue.” Forks and knives were hurriedly picked up and the meal resumed. Hux watched the Americans out of the corner of his eye, noticing little peculiarities about how they ate. Mainly, he found it odd that they cut their meat with their knives in their right hands, but then set them down after they have sliced a few pieces and switched their forks into their place. Some also had a tendency to speak with their mouths full. Most ate quickly as well, putting down their food at twice the rate Hux did. He was halfway done when the door to the mess swung open and Ben Solo entered. His gaze went almost immediately to Hux, and his expression darkened. No doubt purposefully, he chose the seat farthest from him, across from Gilbert at the end of the table. “Thought you weren’t coming,” Gilbert said. “Figured we might have to fix you a plate and bring it out to you.” “I wanted to look at my plane,” said Solo, unaffected by the teasing. “I thought I heard a rattle while I was flying.” Hux raised his brows. Officers did not see to the maintenance of their aircraft themselves. They relied on the riggers and fitters of the ground crew to take care of it. In most cases, they didn’t have the expertise to work on engines. “What’d you find?” Gilbert asked. “Just a loose fitting,” Solo replied with a shrug. “I tightened it up.” As he took the platter of pork from Putnam next to him, Hux saw the grease on his hands. “Where did you learn to service your own aircraft, Solo?” Hux asked, genuinely curious. “My dad taught me,” he said around a bite of meat. “He and the guys we flew with never had a maintenance crew. They did the work themselves or they didn’t fly.” “But certainly the Hurricane is different than what you flew as a boy.” Solo frowned as he swallowed. “An engine’s an engine. You get to know one, you can figure out the others.” “That’s very admirable,” said Hux, “though not necessary here. There are other ways a pilot can spend his time. We were just speaking about the Link Trainer.” “You think taking care of your plane is a waste of time?” Solo said darkly. Hux picked up on the hostility and kept his tone even. “No, certainly not, but it is not an officer’s duty. The enlisted men should have work to keep them occupied.” Solo scoffed. “Right. I forgot that you English treat anyone who isn’t commissioned like the help. Like you’re some kind of high and mighty lords and they’re just the commoners.” Hux bristled, unaccustomed to being openly accused of snobbery. “There is a historical precedent for military officers to come from the gentry,” he said. “The enlisted do not.” “But that means you can’t talk to them?” said Solo, disdainful. “The riggers told me the officers go to a different pub than they do when they’re in the village. They won’t even sit with the ground crew.” The other men around the table exchanged surprised looks. A few muttered, “That can’t be true.” Hux, however, knew it was. It was simply not the custom for officers to mix with the enlisted. They worked together amiably, but when the had their leisure time, they kept to themselves. It had been that way for all of Hux’s life and certainly that of his father. He might have assumed the practices were similar in the American military, but perhaps that was not the case. “There is nothing stopping you from speaking or spending your free time with them,” he said. “However, you should know that it is not common. There are certain ways things are done here, and if you are to fit in—” “I don’t care about that,” said Solo. “I’m just here to fly.” Hux willed his temper into check. “Well, you should care, Mr. Solo, because I expect you to behave in accordance with English ways. You are members of the Royal Air Force and will comport yourselves accordingly.” “I’m sure Ben didn’t mean any offense, sir,” Poe said, shooting a pointed glance at Solo before turning a brighter one on Hux. “We know we’re meant to get to know England and the men we fly with.” He clapped Lewis Mills, who sat beside him, on the shoulder. “Just the other day we talked to a couple of boys from the 129, right?” Lewis looked uncertain, but said, “Right.” Poe smiled. “Exactly. We’re doing our best to get off on the right foot.” Hux appreciated the attempt to appear more affable, overstated though it may have been. “That’s an excellent attitude,” he said. Solo turned his attention back to his plate, stabbing rather savagely at his beans. The others seemed a sight unsettled by the exchange and didn’t immediately speak again. Fortunately, Meltsa piped up, asking for another helping of bread, and that seemed to break the tension. “Can I ask you something, sir?” Strickland asked, turning to Hux. “Certainly.” “What was it like to shoot down your first Messerschmitt?” That was a topic Hux would more gladly discuss than the peculiarities of English social class, and he could only imagine it was of far greater interest to his men as well. Taking a sip of water, he called up a memory that was still perfectly vivid in his mind. “It was in the early part of July of ‘40, right when the Germans were starting to hit us hard. I was posted to No. 11 Group, just outside of London, in the thick of it.” He leaned in, trying to capture the excitement he’d felt as he got out over the countryside that day. “The full wing was up, each squadron in their formation. We had been called up because of something on the radar, but we weren’t seeing it. It was calm and quiet above the clouds, but then someone over the radio started calling ‘Attack! Attack! Attack!’ I looked all around, head on a swivel, but I couldn’t see anything. “Our squadron leader called for us to break formation then, so my wingman and I took off into the sun. We looped back on the kites behind us, and that’s when I saw them. Eight enemy bandits coming in hard and fast along the horizon.” Hux’s stomach had clenched up the moment he set eyes on them, his first chance to really take one down. “I looked out for one of the stragglers,” he said, holding up his right hand to represent the German fighter and his left to illustrate his flight path. “He was higher than me, so I had to climb steeply before I could get within firing range. I went up into a loop, but turned out of it at the top, coming back down onto my belly. Took me a moment to find the bandits again, but when I had them in my sights, I started down toward them. “I was zealous then and not so worried about my ammunition, so I started firing at three hundred yards. Foolish, I know, and wasteful, but it let me come in shooting. The Jerry flew straight into the spray and I peppered his fuselage from nose to rudder.” A few of the men made noises of approval, smiling and completely focused on Hux. “Didn’t look like I hit anything vital on that first pass,” he continued, “so I chased him. He was quick and agile, as the Messerschmitts are, but I managed to get in close enough for another shot. I lined his nose up in my sight and pressed the button. Three seconds of ammunition was all I had left, but was just enough. Got him right in the engine block and it started to spew smoke. “He held his altitude for a few seconds, and I thought he might be able to limp home, but then he stalled and started to fall. It was stupid—again—but I held my course straight ahead and watched him go all the way down to the ground. That was the finest explosion I’d ever seen.” “Guess you didn’t get anyone else that day, huh?” Shorty Putnam asked. He was leaning on his hand, his elbow on the table, rapt. “No,” Hux replied. “I had shot all my bullets. My wingman managed to damage one, but it didn’t go down. He made up for it later, though. A good shot, was Alec.” He had flown with Hux for four months before he had been shot down. The man who replaced him on Hux’s wing never was quite up the task. “It wasn’t until a month later that I brought another one down,” Hux said. “Did that one feel old hat after the first?” said Norman Crowe. “Never. It’s exhilarating every time.” “I can’t wait to get up there and get one of my own,” Strickland said, leaning back with his hands braced on the table. Hux raised his cup. “To when you do.” The others joined in the toast, even the taciturn Solo. “To when we do.” Hux went to his quarters after lunch with a full belly and in good spirits. He had told one or two more stories of his exploits in the air during the Battle of Britain as they finished their meal, all of which had been listened to with eager attention. It was after one o’clock by the time he stood and reminded the men that they were due for their turns in the Link Trainer. Though their response wasn’t one of overwhelming enthusiasm, they had gone off without protest. Hux would check in with them later, perhaps watch one or two of them as they worked the simulator. But first there was the matter of the training schedule to draw up. He found the fountain pen his mother had given him when he went away to Oxford in its case on the top of the desk when he sat down. It was black with gold accents and felt pleasantly heavy in his right hand. He had requested a composition notebook from Mitaka the day before, and it had been delivered at some point during the morning when he was flying. Hux already appreciated his young batman’s competency. The notebook creaked with newness as Hux opened to the first page. He pressed the cover down with his left hand as he began to write. The first time he had drawn up this kind of plan had been as a cadet in the Oxford University Air Squadron. He had been in his last year at university then, and had earned the right to lead the younger cadets. Their instructor had put him in charge, a significant show of faith in his abilities. As a trainer, he had been exacting, expecting nothing but the best, and it had shown when his cadets had done their final aerobatics assessment. They had outperformed the others by a large margin, and Hux had been commended for it. The celebration in the pub that night had been raucous. Hux hadn’t paid for a single drink, and there had certainly been a good many. He had even sung, which was unheard of outside of hymns in church when his mother forced him to attend. When he had returned home after his commencement ceremony, she had done just that. It wasn’t that he abhorred the tradition and pomp of the services, but he found the whole thing tedious. He could only imagine that God himself would be bored by the long liturgy and somber, unfailingly off-key devotional songs. However, his mother took some manner of comfort in them, and Hux was not about to refuse to join her during his brief stints at their estate in Surrey. That particular visit had lasted three weeks, which was more than enough to sate him. Though he also had little interest in his father’s form of worship—long hours on the bridlepath of North Downs Way—he had joined him on those outings as well. Muscles long unused grew sore after only an hour, and by the time they returned to the house, he could barely slide off the horse. His father had fortunately spared him the derisive comments about not being a horseman, though his looks as Hux hobbled back to the stable on shaking legs had been reproving. When not suffering either of his parents’ favorite pursuits, Hux had been forced to endure visits from the neighbors, all of whom had uninteresting news to report about their tenants, the weather, and how their children were, one by one, taking husbands and wives. Hux’s mother had a particular interest in that topic, recalling the charming trappings of their weddings, which she had, of course, been invited to. Her sighs and smiles were blatantly directed at Hux, who, at twenty-one, was prime marrying age. She was particularly fond of singing the praises of the unattached daughters in the neighborhood. Amelia Abbott was a favorite, and was more than once brought to the estate for tea and a turn about the grounds. Hux was made to escort her and listen to her soft, shy conversation. She could barely look at him without flushing scarlet and stumbling over her words. She was a pretty girl, but Hux couldn’t abide her timidity. Even if he had considered taking a wife—which he decidedly had not, at that age or after—it could not have been her. Aside from her, however, he did enjoy the company of ladies. He had had several female friends while at Oxford, most of whom he had met at various dances over the course of his studies. They had all been quite charming and forward, excellent partners on the floor and good company when they were sharing a pint. Hux had been particularly fond of Sybil Lancaster, a student of English literature at St. Hilda’s College. She stood a mere five feet and one inch, but had a fiery temperament that more than made up for her stature. She wore her blond hair in long, loose curls that bounced when she got her dander up in an argument about her most beloved authors. She smoked ceaselessly and danced with boundless energy. Hux had admired her as he hadn’t any other woman before, and to his surprise, the feeling had been mutual. He had discovered it perhaps six months into their acquaintance, when he had been walking her back to her dormitory after a night out. As they had reached her door, she had taken a puff from her cigarette and said, unabashed, “Ellen’s gone home for the weekend, and the matron of the house sleeps like the dead. You could come up and no one would be the wiser.” Hux balked, having never had any inclination toward her in that manner, but part of him wanted to know if he had an interest in women that had simply gone untapped. That would certainly have made matters much simpler. So, he had agreed. In the end, he accepted a kiss, but politely declined anything else. To his surprise, she hadn't seemed put off. He said as much to her. “No harm done,” she said. “I understand things are a bit different with you. But I might like to give you a kiss every now and then. Might help you keep up appearances, don’t you think?” Hux watched her blow out smoke with complete nonchalance, as if she had not just guessed—correctly—at his true nature. “Why would you do that?” he asked. She smiled. “Because I like you, Armitage. And I want to be a friend to you.” “Thank you,” he said, looking at her steadily, “I suppose.” After that, they spent more time together, taking walks and going out into town. His friends were pleased with the match, more than once telling Hux that Sybil was good for him. He agreed with them; being with her was easy and pleasant. He had genuine affection for her, too, and gratitude that lasted throughout his second year of university. However, she finished that spring, and decided to go abroad. They spent her last night in Oxford together, both a little drunk and happily reminiscing. “You take care of yourself, Armie,” she said as she straightened his collar, a habit he disliked but had never complained of. “You, too, Syb.” He had stooped to kiss her on the cheek and that was that. He hadn’t found another female friend of her caliber after she had left. There had been other women—most when he was well into his cups and feeling particularly dissatisfied with this bachelor’s life—but none had won his admiration as she had. He still missed her, and wondered, as he sat in his quarters at Wolcastle, what had become of her. He adjusted his grip on his pen, blinking down at the notebook, where he had barely even begun to put down this training schedule. He chided himself for letting his mind wander, and focused his attention on the task. His hand was beginning to cramp as he put down the last of his notes some two hours later. He had ended up adding extensive comments to each pilot’s name, outlining how he needed to address their weaknesses. It was an exercise to solidify the plan in his mind before putting it into action tomorrow. He would start with Wexley, taking him up to work on his timing in rolls and reverses. Poe would be in charge of Crowe’s exercises. Hux would have to discuss it with him after dinner that night. Hux’s former squadron leader had briefed him in the same manner almost every evening, preparing him for the next day’s work. If Poe was to be a good second, Hux would have to keep him apprised of his plans for the squadron. Setting down his pen, Hux rubbed the center of his forehead. A headache had crept up on him, starting to become more than just a dull throb. He didn’t get them often, but when a good headache was coming on, it could put him down for the rest of the day. The only remedy was a strong dose of aspirin. That would mean a walk over to the field hospital to ask for it. He winced as he rose, a wave of pain radiating through his head. The morning sun had disappeared behind a cover of cloud, for which he was grateful as he left the barracks. It saved him having to squint against it. He hurried across the field toward the brick building that housed the hospital. It was relatively quiet inside when he entered, with only a few of the beds occupied. The others were neatly made, with crisp, square corners and fluffed pillows. If he had to hazard a guess at which members of the His Majesty’s military were the most disciplined, it would be the nurses. They were attentive and kind at the bedside, but when the moment called for it they were strict taskmasters. Those recovering from injuries were not coddled when it came to their treatment. The nurses wanted them back on their feet as soon as they were able, and there were no excuses for not being so. Hux ventured further inside, casting a glance around for one of them. He nearly jumped out of his skin when he heard someone speak from behind him. “Looking for something?” He turned, expecting to look down into a face of a young woman some inches smaller than him, as most were. However, he found himself eye to eye with this nurse. She had a blond, wavy bob and blue eyes, a stern expression, and her hands on her hips. “Ah, good afternoon,” Hux said. She continued to stare him down, unaffected. “I am looking for something, yes,” he continued when it appeared she wasn’t going to exchange pleasantries. “Some aspirin.” “What for?” she asked. “A headache.” One which was swiftly getting worse. She nodded curtly. “Right. Come on, then.” She led him down the hall at a healthy clip, which he was just able to match without breaking into a jog. They stopped at a frosted glass door marked “Dispensary.” “You’ll need to stay out here,” she said. “None but the doctor and nurses are allowed in here.” “Of course,” said Hux, taking a step back to give her space. She produced a key from the pocket of her white dress and unlocked the door. Hux could see shelves of medicines inside, containers large and small, but he hadn’t the first idea what they all were. The nurse went to a shelf midway down and pulled out a clear glass bottle with a metal top. She unscrewed it and tapped out two small, white pills. Hux cleared his throat. “Might I have a third?” he asked. Two wouldn’t be enough to put this particular headache to rest, he could already tell. The nurse eyed him suspiciously. “I promise you I’m not some kind of addict,” he said. The corner of her mouth quirked. “No one can get addicted to aspirin. It’s the morphine we have to keep under lock and key.” Hux knew something of that. His father had told him the desperate need with which some of the injured had begged for the drug after they had stopped receiving it for their wounds. Their minds had been addled with it, and it was said they craved it more than food or water. Hux had never been treated with morphine himself, and was in no hurry to do so, if it was indeed something one could develop such an unquenchable desire for. “Of course,” he said. “Still, may I—” “Yes, yes,” said the nurse, dispensing a third tablet before putting the bottle away. “Here you are. I’ll fetch you a glass of water.” Hux could have swallowed the pills without it, but she had yet to hand them to him, so he followed her into another room, where there was a large ceramic sink against the far wall. A number of instruments—scalpels and the like—were lying out next to it, their deadly edges shining. The thought of putting them to use turned Hux’s stomach. He had seen pilots injured, having carried more than one from his aircraft to the hospital, but seeing a doctor with blood up to his elbows was something that he could never get used to. The piping of the sink whined as the nurse turned on the water to fill a glass. She pushed it and the pills into Hux’s hands. He took them under her watchful eye, almost tempted to open his mouth for her to inspect after he had swallowed, just to show that he had taken them. “You’re new here,” she said, crossing her arms over her chest. “I haven’t seen you in for a physical yet.” “I wasn’t aware I was required to have one,” said Hux, taking another sip of the water. It tasted slightly metallic. “It’s Doctor Tarkin’s preference. He wants to make sure the men coming from other airfields aren’t bringing anything unsavory with them.” That, of course, meant venereal disease. It was startlingly common amongst soldiers, and a diagnosis usually took a man out of action for several weeks. Syphilis took a full six months to recover from. One of the men in Hux’s former squadron had been discreetly removed to the hospital for that time. He had been furious about being removed from the air, but too ashamed to put up much of a fight. Hux was glad for his self-imposed celibacy when it came to that. He had not slept with anyone, man or woman, since ‘36, and certainly none of the kind that his fellows sometimes sought out. He would rather enjoy the admittedly somewhat disappointing attentions of his right hand than risk being grounded because he’d put his cock where he shouldn’t have. “I am quite well,” he said to the nurse, “but if the doctor wishes it, I’m willing to see him at his earliest convenience.” “I’ll pass the message along,” she said. “What name shall I give him?” He stuck out his hand. “Armitage Hux, 363 Squadron.” She shook it in a firm grip. “Matron Phasma. I’m in charge of the girls here. Second to Doctor Tarkin.” Hers was an unusual name. Hux wondered what part of the country she came from, as her accent did little to give her away. “A pleasure to meet you,” he said. “Have you been at Wolcastle long?” “Since construction was finished in March,” Phasma said. “How do you like it?” “As well as any other posting, though it’s quieter than my last. It was closer to London during the worst of the fighting. More men came through the infirmary there.” “I can imagine so,” said Hux. “There are fewer injuries to see to here, then? Fewer casualties?” She brushed the wimple she had pinned to the back of her hair away from her shoulders. “I can’t speak for the ones who go down over the countryside, but most men who make it back here are whole. The few we have now were just scraped and shaken up. They’ll be back in the air in the next few days.” “Were you a nurse before you joined Princess Mary’s corps?” Hux asked. Phasma laughed. “No. I worked in a dress shop. Bespoke frocks like the ones I have to wear. Can’t find anything to fit in a regular store.” Hux could imagine that there were very few things aside from gloves and handkerchiefs that she could purchase in a shop. “What made you want to join up, if I may ask?” he said. “Well, if there’s a war on, I’m going to do something useful,” she said. “And I found I like this a lot better than taking measurements and cutting fabric.” She gestured toward him. “What about you? Did patriotic duty bring you into the fray?” “In part, I suppose. I’m glad to serve king and country, but I was a pilot before the war broke out.” Phasma looked him over, putting her weight in her back foot. “Yes, I can see that. You’ve got the look about you.” “Have I?” Hux asked, amused. “Proud, just a little stodgy,” she replied. “Like rank is in your blood. Not quite like the Americans in your squadron.” Hux might have been offended, but Phasma said it so good-naturedly that he couldn’t bring himself to it. Instead, he said, “Have you met the Americans, then?” “They’ve been in for their physical examinations. Came by first thing when they arrived.” “I trust they’re all in good health.” “Hale and hardy all,” Phasma said. “Not even a sniffle in the wet autumn.” Hux was glad to hear that. With no reserve pilots, he couldn’t afford to lose men because of something as trifling as a chest cold. There were other concerns, however, that he had yet to investigate. “Did the doctor test their eyesight?” he asked. Phasma cocked a white-blond brow. “Have a reason to believe one of them has poor vision?” “It wasn’t recorded in their documents from their training unit. I simply want to know everything I can about them.” “Understandably,” she said. “I believe he did. I can pull their files, if you’d like. As their commander you have the right to see them.” He accepted readily. Phasma took him back down the hall to another side room, though this one was clearly not for clinical use. There were several file cabinets and a desk with a typewriter at the center. She went to the leftmost cabinet and began to rifle through the papers inside the top drawer. “363,” she said as she carried a stack of brown folders over. “You can use the desk just over there.” Hux took a seat, expecting Phasma to leave him, but she didn’t. In fact, she stood right behind his chair, clearly intending to look over his shoulder. Resigned to that, he opened the first folder. Perfect eyesight was not a requirement to fly in the RAF, but there were high expectations. A man with glasses could lose them in flight, and those who were nearsighted could never pick out an enemy aircraft at eight hundred yards. It meant there were quite a few men sent home despite their hopes of flying, but those were did make it into the air were the best of the best. Hux’s Eagles proved to be among them. All of the men tested with excellent marks on their eye examinations, several coming out with perfect scores. “See what you needed to see?” Phasma asked as he closed the last of the folders. “I did, yes,” he replied. “Thank you.” She collected the folders and went to put them back into the cabinet. “I hope I won’t be seeing much of these lads in here. Wouldn’t mind hearing a story or two about America, but it’s best they stay clear of me and my girls.” “Perhaps if I hear a particularly interesting story,” said Hux, “I can come relate it to you. It will come secondhand, but if you’re interested in the Colonies…” She flashed him a grin. “I have tea around two o’clock every day unless there’s something pressing to be done. I’ll pour you a cup if you’ve got something good to tell.” Hux found that he was coming to like the head nurse. She wasn’t simpering or sweet. In fact, she reminded him a little of Sybil. “I believe I’ll do that, Matron Phasma.” “Oh, just Phasma will do,” she said. Hux couldn’t resist the question. “Is that your given name?” “It is. My mother was a bit of an eccentric. Wanted to call me something uncommon.” “I think it suits you very well,” said Hux. She chuckled. “Well, it’s what I’ve got, so I certainly hope so. Come on then, Armitage, I’ll show you out.” Hux left the hospital with a promise to bring Phasma a story the next day. He would have to make some enquiries that evening at dinner to make sure he would have something for her. He was certain his men had some anecdotes that would interest her, and him as well. As he walked toward the building where his squadron’s briefing room was, he couldn’t help but think of what Solo had told him of the barnstorming trick pilots he had grown up amongst. He wanted to know what their shows had been like, what airplanes they had flown. That would certainly make for a good story, but it would require finding a time to speak with Solo alone again. From the way he had acted toward Hux after their flight that morning, Hux had the distinct notion that he would no longer be particularly forthcoming, or have any desire to be in Hux’s company outside of the required exchanges of orders and meals. That wouldn’t be acceptable in the long term, Hux knew. He wanted to know his men and have them trust and confide in him. It would strengthen the squadron’s cohesion if they could rely upon each other. If Solo remained apart, it would work to their detriment. Something would have to be done about him, though Hux was not yet sure what. The buzz of conversation filled the small briefing room as Hux walked inside. The door had been propped open to let in a breeze, but it was still quite a bit warmer inside than out. The Mills brothers, Taylor, and Ward were seated around a small table in the corner playing a game of cards. Their jackets were off, slung over the backs of their chairs, and Taylor’s shirtsleeves were rolled up. He had a cigarette tucked behind his ear and his tongue between his lips as he considered his cards. “Ace high, boys,” he said, setting them down. “Beat that if you can.” The others groaned, tossing their cards away as Taylor laughed. The pot looked to be a collection of ration tickets, cigarettes, and a few packages of chocolate. He raked it all toward him. Across the room Wexley and Meltsa were sharing that day’s newspaper. Wexley had his feet propped up on a table, the dried mud on the soles of his boots flaking onto the top. That wouldn’t stand. “Pilot Officer Wexley,” said Hux, sharp and loud enough to be heard. The young man dropped his newspaper into his lap and looked up at Hux with eyes as wide as saucers. “Sir?” he said. “Where did you learn that it is acceptable to sully the furniture in this room, or any room for that matter, with your filthy boots?” Hux demanded, striding over. Wexley pulled his legs back, dropping his feet back onto the floor. He wiped at the table, dusting off the dirt. “I-I’m sorry, sir. I didn’t mean to, um...” Hux looked at him sternly. “No, I’d imagine you didn’t. I’m sure it was a slip that will not happen again.” “Right, sir. Yes, sir.” The other men in the room had turned to watch the exchange, wary, as if they were waiting their turns to be admonished. Hux saw Taylor push down his sleeves and button the cuffs. “I don’t expect you all to be formally attired and turned out at all times,” Hux said, “especially in your leisure time, but there are standards of conduct that should be abided by. If you are not familiar with them, we’ll have to remedy that. I believe we’ll start tomorrow morning at five o’clock.” Meltsa’s face fell. “So early, sir?” Hux nodded. “There will be times when you are called up to fly at just such an hour. The war does not keep business hours.” He glanced over at the men at the card table. “Please relay a message to the others that you are all to report outside the mess at five tomorrow. You’ll be in full uniform for inspection.” “We’ll do that, then, sir,” said Brewster Mills gruffly. Satisfied, Hux said nothing more, going instead over to the rolling blackboard at the front of the room. It was divided into thirteen rows and twenty columns. His pilots’ surnames were written in, and all of them had recorded their hour in the air from the morning. There were a few who had marked time in the Link Trainer as well. Hux picked up the chalk and wrote his own name. He recorded his time along with the rest. He would have to set a good example and do a turn in the Link. Perhaps tomorrow. For now, he would go and see how the others were doing. “I’ll leave you here, gentleman,” he said, turning. “Until dinner.” A few muttered acknowledgements followed him through the door in the Link room. The trainer was a large contraption, filling most of the space. It was rather a remarkable invention, built to resemble a stubby fuselage with short wings and a tail. All the parts were working, and moved as the pilot manipulated the controls from inside the closed cockpit. It was even able to move to simulate the pitch and yaw of the aircraft. There were bellows in the base that shifted it. Beside it was a control table, where the radio operator gave commands for the pilot to follow. He decided the weather conditions, wind speed, and other factors that would affect the simulation. The pilot would have to adjust for all of them using only the instruments in his cockpit. Poe was seated at the table, wearing a headset and giving orders. The pilot inside the trainer was in the middle of an exercise, moving it as he “flew.” “All right, Lewis,” Poe said. “You’ve got a low ceiling and a thick fog coming in. Stay on the easterly course, sixty degrees. Watch your drift angle from the northerly winds.” “Don’t warn him of that,” said Hux, approaching the control table. “Let him make the decision for himself. If he fails, he fails.” Poe opened his mouth to speak, but then just nodded, knowing Lewis would hear him. He turned back to the instrument panel to see the pilot’s readings as he guided the simulated aircraft down for a landing. Hux watched them as well. The heading indicator read true to Poe’s instructions, due east at about sixty degrees. The airspeed was slowing as Lewis descended and the attitude indicator showed that he was coming in along the horizon. All in all, it seemed that he was about to make a successful landing; however, he made an adjustment for the wind that overcompensated, and took him off course for the landing strip. “Correct your course, Lewis,” Poe warned. “You’re off.” He tried to make the necessary adjustment, but he was already too low. As he came in to what would be the ground, he missed his mark by a good twenty yards. Had he been landing at the field, he would have plowed directly into Hangar One. Hux sighed inwardly as Poe called an end to the simulation. Lewis slid back the canopy on the trainer and stepped out. “I thought I had it,” he said, wiping the light sheen of sweat from his brow. It was never cool in the enclosed space of the trainer’s cockpit. “You almost did,” said Poe. He pulled the headset down to hang around his neck. “You’ll get it next time.” “There are no second chances when it comes to the real thing,” Hux said. “You’ll try again tomorrow, Mills, with the same conditions.” “Yes, sir,” said Lewis. He picked up his uniform jacket from where it was lying on a nearby chair and left the room. “Was that his only attempt for the day?” Hux asked Poe. Poe shook his head. “His third. He, uh, didn’t make it in those, either.” Hux wet his lips, tamping down his frustration. He had hoped for better. “How did the others do?” “Well,” said Poe, lifting the headset away and setting it down on the desk, “not too great, if I’m being honest. Most of these boys never really had to fly blind before.” “Why not?” “Because there’s sunshine and clear skies where they come from, not constant pissing rain and fog.” The voice came from the corner, where Ben Solo was sitting in the shadows. He had his long legs out in front of him, crossed at the ankle. “We don’t fly when the weather is bad.” “Yes, well,” said Hux, “that is not a luxury we have in this part of the world. If we want to win this war, we fly even when the conditions are less than ideal.” Unable to resist, he added, “It takes far greater skill than fair-weather flying.” Solo looked unimpressed. “We can handle it.” “There is some manner of evidence to the contrary,” Hux said. “If the results from the Link are accurate.” “It’s just a simulation,” said Solo. “It’s totally different to be in the air, feeling the plane and seeing the real situation.” Hux’s patience with Solo’s contrariness was wearing even thinner. His cocksure tone was certainly not helping matters either. “The point is that you won’t be able to see in the least. You must have those abilities.” He gestured to the Link trainer. “Would you care to show me, Solo?” “I’ve already been in.” Hux looked to Poe for confirmation. “That’s true enough, sir,” said Poe. “Landed three runs without a problem.” He shuffled some papers on the desk. “He was the only one, actually.” Solo smirked. “Excellent,” Hux said, just managing not to grind his teeth. He couldn’t afford to begrudge a pilot of Solo’s caliber, difficult as he was. “Then you’ll be willing to lead a discussion on strategies for successful instrument flying tonight after dinner.” Solo’s smugness faded immediately. “I’m no teacher.” “Your squadron mates could benefit from your knowledge,” said Hux. “And you’ll share it with them. We’ll all assemble at eight o’clock in the briefing room.” “You, too?” Solo asked. Hux nodded, fighting to keep the corners of his mouth from quirking up at Solo’s obvious displeasure. “Perhaps I’ll learn something as well.” From behind him, he heard a choked-off laugh, quickly masked in a cough. Solo shot Poe a venomous glare. “Fine,” he spat. Getting to his feet, he stalked over to Hux. He paused a pace away, looking Hux up and down. To anyone of lesser height, Hux thought, he might have seemed menacing, but he couldn’t look down his long nose at Hux. Hux stood still and allowed him to glower. It was a kind of sparring, Solo lashing out to goad Hux like an overeager opponent in a fencing match. But Hux was not about to let Solo get a rise out of him. Fits of temper were not in his nature, and he had a distinct feeling that his coolness would irk Solo far more than if he snapped at him. He didn’t want to remain at odds with Solo in the long term, but the man had to be reminded of his place if he was to be a part of Hux’s squadron. “I look forward to hearing what you have to say,” Hux said. “For now you are dismissed.” The muscles in Solo’s jaw worked as he clenched it. He gave Hux a last dark look before brushing past him as he made for the door. Hux deliberately did not turn to watch him go. “He’s not much of a talker, really, sir,” said Poe when Solo was gone. “I, ah, wouldn’t expect too much of him when it comes to tonight.” “Yes, I’m aware,” Hux said, coming around to face him. “However, it would likely do him some good to speak up amongst the others. He’s a good pilot, and they can learn from him.” Poe leaned back against the desk. “Yeah, they probably can. But I don’t think they really want to.” Hux cocked a brow. “They don’t like him?” “He’s not an easy man to get along with,” said Poe. “Spends more time off on his own than he does with us. And he’s a little bit...how would you all put it? Cheeky?” “Perhaps cavalier fits better,” Hux said. “He seems to do things without concern for how they will affect the rest of the squadron.” “Yeah. I’ve been worrying about that since training.” Hux rubbed his chin, where the prickle of his afternoon beard was just beginning to come in. “That’s a dangerous attitude. However, we need him in the air. There must be something I can do to set him straight.” “I figure there is, sir,” Poe said. “But what that is, I couldn’t guess.” Hux smile one-sidedly. “Well, it’s not your responsibility. It is mine.” He stuck his hands in his pockets. “Now, if you wouldn’t mind, I’d like to hear your assessment of those who came through the trainer today. I have some thoughts on who will fly with each of us tomorrow, but your input would be valued.” Poe grinned. “Sure thing, sir. Want to have a seat?” Hux took up the chair beside him and they went to work. It was the dinner hour by the time they finished, so they walked over together to the mess. The more Hux spoke to Poe, the more he liked him. He was witty and quick to smile and clearly devoted to flying. He had good instincts when it came to training as well, which Hux greatly appreciated. Hux was confident he would do well with the pilots he took up in the morning. Hux left the squadron to their own devices as they ate, choosing to sit with Barlow and Chapman, though the latter didn’t seem particularly thrilled to see him. Barlow was red-faced and cheerful as ever, peppering Hux with questions about his men and their performance. Chapman was conspicuously quiet as Hux related the details of their flight. Afterwards, he was told of the sweep the 129 had done that day and how they had shot down two German fighters. Hux gave due congratulations. When they were finished, Hux excused himself to smoke an evening cigarette—the first of the day—before he went to the briefing room to enjoy Solo’s lecture on instrument flying. Unsurprisingly, it was misting rain as he stepped outside. Solo wasn’t wrong to complain of the weather in England. It was not a sunny and warm place, as was California; however, it was home to Hux, and he was fond of it. And no matter what others argued, it did make for capable pilots who could fly through nearly anything. Hux puffed on his cigarette unhurriedly as the rain beaded on the wool of his uniform. There were a few lights on in the hangar as he passed by, and the tinny sound of jazz over the wireless. He might have ducked inside to chide whoever was responsible, but he didn’t bother. If the riggers and fitters were working late, it was their prerogative and none of his affair. There was only one window in the building that housed the briefing room, and it, too, was illuminated when Hux arrived. With half a cigarette still in his hand, he went to it instead of the door, and peered inside. Ben Solo was at the blackboard, its back side turned so he could write on it. There were a few crude diagrams of directional vectors and landing positions scribbled on it, but as Hux watched, he erased one with a wipe of his sleeve. He started again, attempting to draw an aircraft in relation to the horizon he had scrawled. When he had completed it, he stepped back to look, pushing his left hand through his hair agitatedly. It fell almost immediately over his brow again, the ends dangling into his eyes. As he went to add to the diagram, the chalk he held snapped. He stared at the stub angrily before dropping it back on the ledge of the blackboard. Rubbing both broad hands over his face, he sat down heavily in a chair in the front row. He put his elbows on his knees, face still hidden. Hux should have been satisfied to see that he was preparing—and even struggling, as this was admittedly a kind of punishment—but there was instead a twinge of sympathy. Hux had known a number of students at school who had been shy, and speaking in front of others had been almost unbearable for them. Their hands and voices had trembled at they recited the poems or prose they had memorized. Hux had never had such trouble, especially when it came to explaining the intricacies of flight. It seemed that Solo did not share that ability. Dropping his cigarette and grinding it out with his toe, Hux went to the door and turned the knob. Solo looked up when he entered, his eyes wide with surprise. The clock on the wall still read ten minutes to eight, which meant Hux was quite early. Solo watched him, but said nothing by way of greeting. As Hux came closer, he noticed that there was a streak of chalk dust above Solo’s right eyebrow, turning just a few of the dark hairs white. From here, Hux had a better view of the blackboard, and he could see what exactly Solo was drawing. It seemed that he was planning on first addressing how to properly fly between the turn and slip indicator, altimeter, and directional indicator. There were rough renderings of each near the top corner of the board. “That’s a good place to start,” said Hux. “The basics.” Solo looked at the board, brows drawn. “There’s so much more to it, but I don’t know how to say it. I’ve been trying to think of how for an hour.” “You didn’t eat?” Hux asked. “I wasn’t hungry,” Solo replied. Hux remembered the boy with whom he shared a room at Charterhouse saying that he could never eat before a recitation or he would have vomited in the middle of the classroom. Sympathy rose again, almost making Hux regret his order forcing Solo to do this. “May I make a few suggestions?” said Hux. Perhaps some pointers would ease the process and his nerves. Solo nodded. Hux went to the blackboard and, picking up the chalk, added the other critical instruments to Solo’s diagram. They were somewhat neater, though Hux was no artist. “The first step, I think,” he said, “is to explain how to look between each of these. There’s a rotation that will ensure each one of them is checked periodically, so that one doesn’t neglect one of them.” He pointed to the air speed indicator at the leftmost corner. “I start here and work around. Sometimes across, but that can lead to missing the inner instruments. Your eyes track to the corners.” “I guess that makes sense, yeah,” said Solo, getting slowly to his feet and coming to stand beside Hux. “I never really had a system. I just learned by doing it and seeing what worked.” “I suppose you didn’t have much of a need when you were flying in the sunshine,” Hux said. “I did when I was flying at night.” Hux glanced over at him. “You flew in the dark?” “Maybe not full dark,” Solo said, “but sometimes the only time I could was after the shows during the day. My dad would let me go up then and take the stick in the double seater. I had to use the instruments.” Hux was impressed. Night flying wasn’t that common, but sometimes it was required. Without the lights on the ground—required by the blackout mandates—to help orientate oneself, it made the task very difficult. Very few pilots had the ability to do it successfully. “You never used a simulator,” said Hux. “You learned everything by doing it.” “That’s right,” Solo said. “No way we could have afforded something like the Link. And my dad didn’t learn that way. He taught me from the cockpit.” “That’s truly quite remarkable. You must have a natural aptitude for it.” Solo shrugged. “I just did it until I got good. Don’t know if I was better than anyone else from the start. I just didn’t quit until I could fly everything the barnstormers had.” “Did you fly in the shows with them?” Hux asked. “Yeah,” Solo replied, though he looked down. “My dad wasn’t always up to it, so I flew for him as I got older.” “He was unwell?” “He just liked corn liquor when he could get his hands on it,” Solo said. “It helped him sleep. He had nightmares about the war sometimes.” “Ah, I see,” said Hux. “I had an uncle who was much the same. When he returned from the trenches, he never quite recovered.” Solo chewed the inside of his cheek uneasily, saying nothing. Hux knew enough to change the subject. He turned back to the blackboard and said, “What are you planning on discussing next?” Solo laid out a basic plan for going through instrument take-offs and landings. Hux asked about aerobatics and flying blind through them. Solo looked uncertain, but did a fair job of explaining them. As he spoke, he kept his shoulders hunched and hands near his pockets, clearly uncomfortable lecturing, even if only to Hux. He also had the nervous tic of pushing his hand through his hair every minute or so. Watching him dance anxiously around the front of the room was painful for Hux to see. As they approached eight o’clock, Hux finally relented. “I believe you’ve done a very good job of this,” he said, “but it is likely more appropriate for me to give the lesson. Would that be acceptable to you?” Then fearful tension visibly left Solo’s body. “Yes. That would be...good.” “Very well,” said Hux. “Why don’t you go to the mess and get something to eat before they clean up. You may be excused from the lesson if you so choose.” Solo clearly didn’t believe him at first, but as he looked over Hux’s face—Hux did his best to convey his sincerity—he seemed to relax even more. “Okay. Sir.” He made to leave, but stopped at Hux called, “Solo, wait.” Hux pointed to his face. “You have a little chalk just there.” Solo raised his right hand and wiped at the dust, but only succeeded in spreading more. Hux held back a laugh. “I’ll you’ll allow me.” He reached out and wiped the stain with his thumb. It came away easily enough. “There you are.” Solo was staring fixedly at him when he glanced down to meet his eyes. Hux realized he was standing less than a full pace away from him, close enough to feel the warmth of his breath as he exhaled through slightly parted lips and to see the rising tinge of color in his cheeks. Hux’s gut tightened as he held Solo’s gaze, a response he would not have expected and certainly did not approve of. And yet, there it was: the kick of appreciation for how Ben Solo’s flush became him. Hux took a quick step back, putting a necessary distance between them. He cleared his throat. “Well, you should be off, then. I don’t want my pilots going hungry.” Solo looked lost, confused, for a moment before he seemed to understand what Hux was saying. “Right.” He backed away a few steps, still looking at Hux, before finally turning on his heel and making his way to the door. He nearly collided with Lewis Mills as he left. Mills mumbled, “‘Scuse me,” but Solo said nothing, just disappearing into the darkness outside. Hux rubbed his right thumb along his forefinger, spreading the chalk dust, and set about gathering himself as he invited Mills to sit. Notes: The fabulous sasheenka did this awesome manip of Pilot Officer Ben Solo by his plane. Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The chilly wind buffeted Hux’s face as he turned his aircraft back toward the east and Wolcastle. He was flying low enough to leave the cockpit’s canopy open, a rare indulgence that reminded him of the early days of his training in open-air biplanes. They were considered antiques when compared to the powerful, agile machines he now flew, but he remembered them well as his first teachers. Three days had passed since his squadron’s first test flight. In the time since, they had been up every morning for drills. Hux and Poe took each pilot individually, working them through the critical maneuvers and honing their reflexes. Hux had spent the last hour with Temmin Wexley, and while there had been some considerable improvement in his rolls and reverses, there was still work to be done. Hux would tell Poe, with whom Wexley would be working the next day, to take him through them until he had mastered the finesse of each movement. For today, though, they were finished, and both of them were coming in to land, Wexley to retire and Hux to switch aircraft to something with a fresh reserve of fuel. He had another lesson to give straightaway. “Wolcastle control,” Hux said into his radio. “This is S/L Hux requesting permission to land.” “Permission granted, sir,” the operator in the control tower replied. “The field is clear.” Hux came into an approach at around fifteen hundred feet and lined up for his descent. Engaging the landing gear, he began to throttle back and slow. Wexley was beside him; they would land nearly abreast. The grass of the runway was swiftly approaching as they soared toward it, and Hux held his airspeed at eighty-five as he passed the far boundary of the field. He couldn’t see over the spinner at the nose of the aircraft, but he looked over the sides to gauge his height. Taking the throttle back completely, he eased into a glide. Only a few seconds later, the wheels bumped down onto the grass. Hux taxied the plane back along the dirt track to Hangar Three. His ground crew guided him into position and chocked the wheels as he cut the engine. “Everything in order, sir?” Thanisson said as Hux climbed out of the cockpit. He handed Hux a canteen when he got to the ground. “It is, yes,” said Hux after he had taken a drink of water and wiped his mouth with the back of his gloved hand. “Prepared for my next flight.” “Very good, sir,” said Thanisson. “We’ve your next kite ready for you.” The aircraft was nearby and already running. Hux climbed onto the wing and then tucked himself into the cockpit. Another of the Hurricanes was moving away from the hangar as Hux went quickly through his checks. He couldn’t see the pilot, but he knew who it was. Ben Solo was the man scheduled to fly with him next. Signalling the all-clear, Hux followed him out toward the end of the runway. “Wolcastle control,” Hux heard Solo say over the radio, “P/O Solo requesting permission to take off.” “Granted, Solo.” Hux received his own clearance less than a minute later, but he waited for Solo to get a few hundred feet ahead of him before he throttled up. Hux watched him get up into the sky smoothly, increasing his altitude and airspeed once his landing gear was up. Hux went with him, catching him up a few thousand feet above the field. “All right, Solo,” Hux said. “We’re headed inland today, and we’ll start with vertical reverses and rolls. Stay on my wing until I give you the order to break.” Solo came into position starboard and aft with a terse, “Yes, sir.” Some of the men kept up a kind of conversation as they flew, responding to orders with their own commentary. It wouldn’t have been tolerated in combat, but Hux could accept it during training. Solo, however, was not one of the talkative ones. He performed his tasks in near silence, acknowledging only as much as he was required to, most often when Hux made a correction. Those were few and far between, though. Solo was an excellent pilot with good instincts. When Hux deemed them far enough away from the airfield to start their drills, he decided to begin with the reverses. He said as much over the radio. Solo broke formation immediately, putting enough distance between him and Hux to do the maneuver. He took a hard turn to port going into it, staying there for a few moments before reversing to starboard. It was deftly done, and would likely save his life when it came to avoiding gunfire in a dogfight. “Good,” Hux said. “Once to the other side and then go into a roll.” Once again, Solo remained silent, simply following the order. He did well, with no hesitation in either part. “Loops or snap rolls next?” he asked flatly. Hux had both of those planned for the lesson, but he knew Solo didn’t really need them, at least not as individual maneuvers to be watched for faults. Hux had a number of combinations he could have asked him to do, but Solo had done them all flawlessly the day before. Whatever aerobatics he had learned from the trick pilots he had flown with as a boy had honed him. Hux paused at the thought of show flying. He had done something of the sort for the annual displays of the Oxford University Air Squadron: flying in pairs, performing maneuvers in tandem and abreast. It was good practice for covering a wingman in combat, but was also a technical challenge, especially the closer the pilots flew. “Solo,” he said over the radio, “have you done any tandem flying? Or something synchronized?” There was a brief pause, and then, “Yes.” “With your father’s air shows?” “Yeah. All the time. Why?” “I think we might do an exercise in that,” said Hux. “It’s a sight different than the usual drills, but—” “Yes,” Solo said hurriedly. “I’ll do that.” Hux smiled to himself. “Very well, then. Stay on my wing and follow my lead. I’ll call out the maneuvers, if that’s how you’re accustomed to doing it.” “We didn’t have radios, but I guess that’s the way to do it.” The squadron at Oxford hadn’t either; it had been necessary to plan every moment far in advance before even attempting to perform them in the air. Hux said, “Your routines were rehearsed.” “We practiced until I could do them in my sleep,” said Solo. “Well, this will be a bit different, but I think we can manage. Don’t you?” “Yes, sir.” Hux adjusted his grip on the stick, planning out the first of their maneuvers. He would start simple, with reverses and rolls, but he hoped Solo would be able to manage loops as well. Hux expected that this would be the most interesting lesson of the day. “Let’s begin with just holding this position through some turns,” he said. “Keep a proper distance, but stay with me.” Hux flew straight and level to start, but then began to turn to starboard, banking up and away from the sun. From the limited view he had, he could see Solo mimicking him, easing into the turn. From there he turned to port in a snaking pattern across the sky. It was simple, and Solo kept with him without a problem. “Let’s try a roll,” Hux said. “Counterclockwise. On my count. Three, two, one…” He pushed the stick hard and began the roll. As he inverted, he lost all sight of Solo, but coming back around, he spotted him again. It seemed they had come out of the roll at the same time. He allowed himself another smile. “Something more involved this time?” “Half roll and reverse into an Immelman turn,” said Solo. That was a much more complicated combination, but not something they couldn’t handle. Or so Hux assumed. “All right,” he said. “Port roll on my count.” Together they went into another inversion, though they turned back in the direction they had come instead of making a full three-hundred-and-sixty-degree rotation. Back level with the horizon, Hux dipped the nose of his aircraft down to prepare for the loop. He increased the power and pulled on the stick, taking him up. As he reached the apex of the loop, he rolled out of the inversion and back level. It put him several hundred feet higher than he had started, but now he was flying in the opposite direction. A glance to the side revealed Solo in position at his wing. “Well done,” said Hux. “You rolled back clockwise and I went counter,” Solo said, “but we got here.” “Shall we try it again, then? With a counterclockwise roll to finish, as you did?” “Sounds good.” When they came out of the turn, Hux veered to port to see how Solo would react. He came along without a problem. “How about a dive with three rolls?” Hux asked. “Think you can do it?” “I can do it,” Solo replied. Hux counted off again and down he went into the dive. He spiraled lazily toward the ground, counting each rotation before leveling out. Solo pulled up a few feet below him, a small mistake. “Do it again,” he said before Hux could comment. “I can get it.” “All right,” said Hux. “Three, two, one…” They dove together, arching down until they were descending vertically. When Hux pulled up, Solo was right beside him. Hux grinned, though he knew Solo couldn’t see it. “Try for a double loop?” he said. Solo sounded pleased as he replied, “Yes, sir.” For the next three quarters of an hour, they flew as one, going through the same motions. Hux increased the complexity of the maneuvers as they went along, until they had built a short routine. He could imagine a few of the farmers and townspeople below them watching as they played off of each other and cavorted across the sky. Hux easily could have done it for the rest of the afternoon, but a glance at his fuel gauge put an end to that notion, not to mention that Meltsa was waiting for his lesson next. “We’re running low on petrol,” Hux said to Solo. “Let’s get back to the field.” They said nothing as they flew the ten minutes back to Wolcastle, but at every small adjustment Hux made, Solo did the same. It was unusual to be so attuned to another pilot, even among wingmen. If this was how he and Solo would fly together, it would make sense for them to do so when they entered combat. However, it was custom that a squadron leader’s second—informal second though he may be—would fly on his wing. Hux had yet to fly training with Poe, but he imagined they would match up just as well. Hux requested permission to land from the control tower, and when he was granted it moved in to land. Solo touched down beside him, both of them rolling along the grass. Once their aircraft were back in line outside the hangar, Hux got out and onto the ground. He rolled his stiff shoulders and accepted the canteen from Thanisson again. Solo, his hair mussed from his helmet, came around the side of his plane toward Hux. He paused as Hux called his name. “You did exceptionally well today,” Hux said. “I’m sure it was quite something to see you fly with your barnstormers.” Hux expected a curt nod or brief “Thanks,” as the Americans were wont to say, but instead he saw Solo’s lips curl up into a true, if small smile. “We were the best in the state,” Solo said. “Worth every one of the ten cents to see us.” He eyed Hux. “You’d have been pretty good, I bet.” Hux huffed a laugh. “Thank you, I suppose.” Solo didn’t reply, but didn’t move away, either. He stood watching Hux as if he expected him to say something more. Hux took a moment to look at him again, taking in the hunch of his broad shoulders and the slightly crooked set of his face. His usual sulleness was gone, and in its place was a kind of uncertainty that may have even bordered on shyness. He looked young and a little lost. Hux wasn’t sure what to make of it. “Well,” Hux said, “I’d best be off again. Good flying with you, Solo.” Solo muttered something unintelligible before falling back a step to let Hux pass. Though he could have been imagining it, Hux thought he could feel Solo’s gaze on his back as he walked away. After another few hours of flying and a leisurely lunch, Hux returned to his quarters to make some notes on the day’s training. Before he sat down, he stopped to fill a basin with water. It was cold, but he still stripped off his shirt and bathed his chest, underarms, and neck. His shirts would have to be laundered soon, but there was one more clean one, which he pulled on and buttoned. He tied his tie around his neck and put his jacket on. It didn’t take long to write what he needed to; he finished up just before two o’clock. There were some other reports he could write, namely one for the wing commander on 363 Squadron’s progress, but he was in the mood for a cup of tea, and if he remembered correctly, Matron Phasma had told him she took hers right around this time every day. She had invited him to join her, and he didn’t see a reason not to. He wasn’t sure where he might find her in the infirmary, but there were two young nurses standing outside sharing a cigarette when he arrived. He asked them, and they, with inquisitive looks, pointed him to the lounge at the end of a long hall a good distance from the main ward. After a short deliberation, he decided not to knock, walking in unannounced. The matron was seated at a round table with a half-drunk cup of milky tea in front of her and a folded over copy of yesterday’s News of the World in her hand. She didn’t look up. “Close the door behind you,” she said. “We don’t want the wanderers getting in here again.” “Your patients are permitted to walk around freely?” Hux asked. “I thought they would have been confined to bed.” Phasma turned to him, though if she was surprised to see him, she didn’t show it. “Sometimes they get bored and start to wander about. We don’t have enough staff to keep an eye on all of them. Found three of them sitting in here sipping tea without a care a few days ago. I had to run them off, as this room is for nurses only.” She cocked a brow, half-curious, half-admonishing. “I can leave, of course,” Hux said, “though an offer was extended for stories in exchange for company and tea.” “I hadn’t forgotten,” she said, picking up her cup, “but I thought you would. The officers generally have their own business to attend to. No time to visit with the likes of us.” It was Hux’s turn to lift his brows. “A matron in Princess Mary’s Nursing Service has the equivalent rank of a squadron leader, if I’m not mistaken. That puts us on equal ground.” Smiling, Phasma said, “Not everyone is aware of that.” She set her cup down and pushed her chair back. “Have a seat, S/L Hux. I just need to put the kettle on again.” Hux took the place across from hers, crossing his right leg over his left. Phasma filled an electric kettle—a luxury he didn’t expect to see, when metal was in such short supply—and set it to boil before joining him back at the table. “Anything of interest in the news?” Hux asked, gesturing to the discarded newspaper. “More about the Jerries in Russia,” Phasma replied. “Word is in they’re laying siege to Leningrad, and doing well at it, too.” Hux frowned. Bad news always seemed to come from the German advance on the Eastern Front. If Russia fell, it didn’t bode well for the rest of Europe. His countrymen may have turned Hitler back from English shores, but that didn’t mean they weren’t gaining strength elsewhere. “The Russians will turn them back,” he said, with confidence he wasn’t sure was warranted. “Hm,” Phasma hummed, unconvinced. “We can certainly hope so.” She sat back in her chair, crossing her arms over her chest. “So, how are things going with your squadron? Word is they’re a bit behind the curve.” “Is that so?” Hux said testily. Phasma shrugged one shoulder. “Only gossip, of course. I don’t know the first thing about what makes a good pilot.” Hux doubted that was true. One didn’t live at an airfield and not pick up some of the finer points of flying, especially someone who had surely heard the men in the infirmary bragging about the exploits that had landed them there. “They’re improving steadily,” he said, not bothering to deny that the Americans had been playing catch-up since Hux had taken command. He thought of his aerobatics with Ben Solo. “Some are stronger flyers than others.” “That’s to be expected, I suppose,” said Phasma. “Some of my girls came with far more experience than others. I’m fortunate to have a couple who came from actual hospitals. But the ones I’ve had to train up are doing fine, too.” “How many are there here?” “Fifteen.” “So few?” Phasma nodded. “We work with what we’ve got. Most times it’s enough, but there are times when we’re stretched thin.” “Is that the case now?” Hux said. “No. We haven’t been bombed in weeks, and only a few of the pilots have been coming back shot up. Honestly, most in residence now have sore throats and chest colds. Nothing we can’t handle.” “Well, I’ll make sure to send my men your way if they start coughing.” “You do that,” Phasma chuckled. Behind her, a plume of steam had begun to rise from the kettle, though it didn’t whistle. Following Hux’s gaze, she got up and went to the counter. She put a full scoop of loose tea into a ceramic pot with a chip in the lid and, picking up another cup and hanging it from her pinky finger, brought both over to the table. “How do you take it?” she asked. “Plain,” Hux replied. He hadn’t drunk milk since he was a boy, when his mother had forced it on him. Phasma swirled the pot to stir up the leaves. “A purist. I can respect that.” She handed him the strainer, which he put over his cup before she filled it. The scent of bergamot rose up to Hux’s nose. She poured herself a cup and then put in a splash of milk from the small creamer. “Do we get milk every day?” Hux asked. At his former airfield, there hadn’t been a dairy nearby, so most often they went without milk and cheese. “We do,” said Phasma. “There’s a farm about three miles east of here, just outside of town. They deliver every morning.” Hux took a sip of his tea, careful not to burn his tongue. “How is it in the village? Do you go often?” “Every couple of weeks or so, when we can manage a leave,” she said. “There are a couple of pubs and an assembly room for dancing. The band is small, but they know their way around American music.” Hux was pleased with that. He had been dancing since he was young, though the foxtrot and waltz were hardly appropriate for modern parties. Over the course of his years at Oxford, he had learned the Lindy Hop and the art of swing that had made its way over from the States. He was a fair hand at it, if he said so himself, and he enjoyed it immensely. “I’d very much like to attend one of the dances there,” he said. “No doubt you’ll have your chance,” said Phasma. She blew lightly on her tea to cool it. “There are more than enough girls to go around. All of their men are off at the front. But they’re in good spirits despite it.” The resilience of the English spirit in the face of the war was something Hux was proud of. Even the darkest days of the summer bombings hadn’t broken them. His fellow pilots had seen their brothers and friends shot down or killed in the fighting on the Continent, but they never wavered. They continued to get up into the sky and do their best to take down as many of the enemy as they could. Hux had never known braver men. And he could not discount those who were not in the thick of the fighting, either: the women who had taken over in the factories and those who cared for their loved ones despite the hardships of war. “Where, if I may ask, is your family?” Hux said. “Sussex,” Phasma replied. “My father is a barrister, and my mother was the one who got me the job in the dress shop. She’s worked there for as long as I can remember.” “Any siblings?” “A younger brother. Arnold.” She grinned around her teacup. “Somehow he managed to escape a name as ‘unique’ as mine.” Hux returned her smile. “Is he enlisted?” She shook her head. “He’s twelve. But he’s already playing at being a solider. He says as soon as he’s old enough, he’ll be an army man.” “Does he expect this war to last another six years?” “There was a Hundred Years’ War once,” said Phasma. “I won’t say it’s going to end until it does.” Hux took a somber drink of tea. The Great War had been fought over four years, and they were already nearly two full years into this new conflict. Six more years was hard to fathom. If that was the case, Hux would continue to fight, but he had good reason to believe he wouldn’t survive to see the end of it. He was lucky to have made it this far unscathed. “I didn’t mean to sour the mood,” Phasma said, eyeing him. “You want to look out and see the end on the horizon, not say we’re going to be at this forever.” She gave him a congenial look. “We were talking about family. What kind do you have?” Hux told her about his parents in Surrey, some of what his father did, and how he had spent his summers in the countryside. They were good memories, untainted by poverty or discomfort. He had never wanted for anything. Even in the face of his father’s disapproval when he decided to join the RAF instead of the army, he hadn’t been cut off from either financial support or affection. He was fond of his parents, and it was high time he wrote to them. When he was finished with his tea, he set the cup down with finality. “Well, I thank you for your company,” he said to Phasma, “but I imagine we should both be returning to our work.” “Indeed.” She gathered Hux’s cup and her own, holding them together as she took the teapot in the other hand. “Do come by again. I believe you still owe me some tales of your Americans.” “Of course,” he said. “I apologize that we didn’t get to any of them today. I had the notion of telling you about the Mills brothers’ flight over the Grand Canyon. It’s quite interesting.” “Then we’ll start with that next time,” said Phasma. “Good afternoon.” Hux left feeling pleasantly warmed from the tea and good conversation. As he walked from the infirmary building back toward the barracks and his reports, though, he caught sight of three aircraft in the distance, flying toward the airfield. His good humor faded immediately as he saw they were struggling. One was spewing a trail of black smoke and another fighting to keep from rolling hard to port, likely a problem with a starboard aileron. They had taken fire, that much was clear. He watched the first two land without incident, even the lame duck that was smoking, but the third pilot had to fight to keep the port wing up as he came in. Hux held his breath, willing him to hold steady, but the wing tip dipped again and scraped the grass, digging a deep scar into the runway. Sod arched up in a cascade as the screech of metal pierced Hux’s ears. The wing wasn’t completely torn from the fuselage, but it bent down and back toward the tail. The aircraft spun hard to the left, cracking the landing gear with a terrible crunch. When it finally came to a halt, the nose was tipped to the ground, one of the props buried in the grass. Almost immediately, the emergency ground crew was racing across the runway to help. There was a water truck in case a fire broke out, and one with a flat, wooden bed coming after it. Six men were holding on, but sprang off as soon as the truck stopped beside the downed Hurricane. Hux could barely make them out in the distance, but the pilot was pulled from the cockpit by two men. He looked to be hanging limply between them, and Hux feared the worst. “Make way! Make way!” someone called from behind him, a woman. Three nurses, two carrying a stretcher, charged out of the infirmary. Hux barely sidestepped fast enough to avoid being bowled over. It was a good distance to the runway from where he stood, but the nurses made good time. When they got to the wreckage, the ground crew helped them lift the downed pilot onto the stretcher and took both ends. The nurses jogged beside them, one of them checking over the patient as best she could. Though Hux wasn’t one to pray, he wished for the man’s health and a good recovery. He didn’t wait around to see the cleanup of what was left of the aircraft, instead returning to the barracks. There was a gaggle of officers standing outside, all of them looking toward the runway. Hux recognized a few of them from the mess, but he didn’t know their names. His squadron still took to sitting by themselves at meals rather than mixing with the others. That would have to be remedied soon. “He’s 222, that’s for sure,” one of the pilots said in a thick Northern accent. “Have to find out which he is, poor lad.” “You think he made it?” asked another. “God only knows.” Hux cut behind them, not bothering to acknowledge them; they weren’t paying any attention to him anyway. He ascended the stairs to his quarters gravely, each step heavy. In the peaceful sequestration of training new pilots, it was easy to forget the realities of the air war. Frightful though it was, Hux appreciated the reminder. It allowed him to regain his focus. He was sharpening his squadron into weapons, not trick pilots and hobbyists. It would do them all good to remember that. The mood at dinner that evening was subdued. Word had come from the infirmary that the pilot in the crash, Flight Lieutenant Basil Umberton, had survived, though he was in critical condition. He had broken both of his legs and punctured a lung, and was struggling for every breath. Hux hoped Phasma and Dr. Tarkin were as capable as she said they were. “Have you got a lesson planned for us tonight, sir?” asked Theo Meltsa as they were finishing up their meal. After the first tutorial Hux had given on instrument flying, he had decided the squadron would benefit from more regular classroom instruction, and had told them they would called together for it again. He didn’t have anything in particular planned for that night, however, having spent the rest of the afternoon completing his report to Wing Commander Snoke and then penning a letter to his mother and father. He could improvise something, but he preferred to be prepared. “Not tonight, no,” he said to Meltsa and the other inquisitive faces around the table. “I’d like you all to log some more Link time.” Expressions darkened. Someone outwardly groaned. Poe, who was sitting a few seats to Hux’s right, shot a look at the guilty man. “Crowe, I think you’re a couple of hours short. How about you start right after we’re done here?” “Your weather conditions are always impossible,” Norman grumbled. The scores in the trainer had increased over the past days, but ten out of the twelve pilots were still failing at least one of their simulations. That wasn’t good enough by Hux’s standard, and he would continue to push them until they reached it. “I’ll come run the trials myself, if you’d prefer,” he said. “I’m certain I can come up with a ceiling and wind speed to challenge you.” “Ah, no, sir,” said Crowe, wide-eyed. “We’ll do just fine on our own. You’ll have the numbers tomorrow, and that’s a fact.” Hux hid an amused smile in his water glass. The threat of the CO’s oversight was usually enough to set most squadrons straight. He would stop in and check on their progress, of course, but only after he had a walk and a cigarette. “Well, you have your orders, gentlemen,” he said, rising. “I’ll leave you to them. Good evening.” Hux had no destination in mind when he set out from the mess, but as he puffed at his cigarette, he found himself walking toward Hangar Three. He didn’t expect anyone to be there, and yet wasn’t altogether surprised to find Ben Solo lingering by the door with a lit cigarette in one hand and the other in his pocket. Hux had seen him leave dinner early, as he usually did. Hux approached him slowly, exhaling a cloud of smoke that blew up and away in the light breeze. Solo’s face was barely visible, but he was watching. Hux stopped next to him, took the last drag, and then flicked the butt of the cigarette away. Deliberately nonchalant, he pulled the silver case from his pocket and took out another, sticking it between his lips. “Do you come out here every night?” he asked, voice almost too loud in the near silence of the night. Solo blew out smoke. “Most.” Hux fumbled with his matches for a moment, but got one lit and touched the flame to the tip of his cigarette. “And why is that?” he said, waving the match out. “I like the quiet.” “Ah, yes. It does get rather raucous in the mess.” Mostly because of the boisterous Americans, but Hux wasn’t about to say that. Solo was more mild-mannered, perhaps, but he was still one of them. “Mmhm,” was his low reply. Hux let the silence descend again, seeing as that was what Solo wanted. He was content in it, too, letting the tension of the day subside. They finished their smokes, and wordlessly Solo tapped two out of his pack, holding one out to Hux. Hux took it, but held it without lighting it. Solo seemed to hesitate as Hux did, rolling the cigarette along his palm. “Don’t stop on my account,” Hux said. “I just can’t stomach too many at once. I, ah, get a little green in the face.” “My dad never would have let you get away with that,” said Solo. “He smoked while he flew.” Hux huffed a laugh. “That must have been a sight. My father preferred cigars; I wasn’t terribly fond of those, either.” “They say breathing the clean air is better for you anyway,” Solo said around the cigarette, which he was in the process of lighting up. “At least that’s what my mother always used to say when she’d had enough of my dad.” “Why is it that mothers seem to have a disapproving streak when it comes to fathers’ habits?” Hux asked. “Smoking, drinking, billiards, cards.” “Oh, my mom didn’t have a problem with cards,” Solo replied. “She could beat anyone at poker. Use to rob my dad’s friends blind when they stayed at the house. She held her liquor, too.” Hux tried to imagine a woman with Solo’s features, his dark hair, and his height holding her cards close to her chest as she stared down a table full of men. Maybe there would be a glass of bourbon at her elbow, half-drunk and reflecting the light from the dim bulbs above her. “Do you write to them?” said Hux. “Your parents.” “When I got here I did. Let them know I made it.” He took a drag and exhaled. “Not all the ships get here. The group before us didn’t. We heard they sunk the day before we left Halifax.” Hux’s brows rose. “You were in Canada? I thought your training was in the United States.” “Most of it was,” said Solo, “but you can’t ship out to this outfit from American soil. If the FBI knew what we were up to, they would have thrown us all in jail.” “Violating the neutrality acts would get you imprisoned?” Hux thought perhaps a fine of a few hundred dollars and a stern reprimand, but not something quite so serious. Solo gave a terse nod. “They aren’t kidding when they say we’re supposed to stay out the war. If it weren’t for the Canadians, we wouldn’t be here.” “And why are you here exactly, Solo?” “Ben.” Hux blinked at him. “What?” “I don’t liked being called ‘Solo.’ Nobody says that but you.” He turned to look at Hux properly. “Just call me Ben.” Hux thought it was, perhaps, a little too informal, but he called some of the others by their given names, so Solo—Ben—should not have been any different. “Very well,” he said. “Though the question still stands. What brought you to England?” Ben took a contemplative pull from his cigarette. “I wanted to fly.” “You could have done that in relative safety at home,” Hux said, unsatisfied with that answer. “Why would you put your life on the line for this country?” “I didn’t do it for the country,” said Ben. It was a sight snappish. “I came because I wanted to get in the cockpit of a Spitfire, or a Hurricane. Nothing I could have flown in California could come close to that.” He pushed a hand through his hair. “And you can’t shoot down a Messerschmitt in a crop duster from ‘31. The best pilots fly the best planes. That’s what I wanted to do: be the best and have the kills to prove it.” Hux’s frown wasn’t wholly disapproving; he understood the drive to be exemplary, but it was reckless to join a war just to prove oneself better than one’s peers. Who, after all, in America would know or care about Ben’s record of kills while he was abroad? If the United States continued to stay neutral, it would mean nothing to anyone there. Ben might not even be able to return, if he was branded a traitor for breaking the neutrality laws. “You could have joined the Army Air Force and gotten your glory there,” Hux said. “I’m sure they have leaderboards for the most skilled pilots in their squadrons. If you wanted a reputation for ace flying among your countrymen, you might as well have stayed there.” “And do just what we’ve been doing here?” Ben growled. “Or in OTU? Just flying around in circles and pretending to dodge bullets that aren’t there? That’s no true test of a pilot.” He stuck his finger out toward the runway. “ That, what happened today— that’s what it means to be tested. You want real pilots? Those are them. And I’m going to be one.” He was breathing heavily when he finished, the cigarette in his left hand forgotten until he took a steadying pull. Hux watched him, waiting for him to calm down before speaking again. “Your enthusiasm is admirable, Ben,” he said. “But flying in this battle is not one man taking on every German in the sky. The squadron operates together, as a unit. Without each other, none of us are protected.” He paused, choosing his next words carefully. “Individual greatness is not the end goal. We are meant to keep each other alive and defeat our enemies. This is not a competition for trophies and medals. This is a war. Are you prepared to die for glory?” Ben glowered, continuing to suck on his cigarette until the cherry was dangerously close to his fingers. “You haven’t really thought of it, have you?” said Hux. “Dying in combat. Of course you haven’t. You’ve never seen it happen. It’s all abstract to you.” He thumbed the end of the cigarette he still held, freeing a bit of the tobacco. “You think you won’t be the one to be shot down; you’re too good, too fast. But I promise you, you’re not. “A single man, no matter his skill, can be picked off. It’s not fair that it’s luck and timing, but that’s a part of it. You may very well be the best pilot at this airfield—you’re not, but that’s not the point—and yet you could get up into the sky and a Jerry could land one good shot...one good shot and you’re dead.” Hux finally put the cigarette to his lips. He struck a match, allowing it to illuminate his face so that Ben could see it. “I’ve watched men who fly just like you go down before, and you’ll watch them, too.” Ben dropped the butt of his cigarette to the grass and ground it in with his toe. “You don’t say this kind of thing to the others.” Hux blew out smoke. “They haven’t needed to hear it yet.” “They aren’t much different than me,” said Ben. “They want to fly fast and shoot Jerries, too.” “As do we all,” Hux said, “but they are more willing to follow my orders and fly together. They’re cohesive. They care about each other. That will keep them safe in the air.” He ashed his cigarette with a practiced flick. “You keep yourself at a distance. It will catch up with you eventually.” Ben shoved his hands into his pockets. “You’re telling me I have to be everyone’s best friend or I’m going to get shot down?” “Friendships breed trust. Trust will keep you alive.” “And that’s all it’s about, right?” Hux nearly scoffed. “You die, your flying days are over. Isn’t that precisely what you want to do? Fly?” “Yeah,” Ben said gruffly. “It is.” “Then do your utmost to keep doing that,” said Hux. “It will take effort to work with the others, but it’s necessary.” He threw the remainder of his cigarette away. “You can start by going to the Link room. There are those who could use your help.” Ben didn’t move immediately, holding his ground and keeping his gaze on Hux. But then, he said, “Fine. Goodnight, sir. ” Hux waited until he had rounded the corner to fall back against the metal side of the hangar. He had known ambitious men before—he was one of them—but not one who was ambitious to a fault, as Ben was. If he kept on in that careless, dangerous manner, he would be chewed up and spit out by the sharp German pilots they fought. And though Hux had said he was not the best pilot at the field, in truth he was one of them, and 363 Squadron could not afford to lose him. Hux sighed deeply, tipping his head up to the overcast sky. There was a fog coming in, he could tell, and there was no doubt that tomorrow would the first real chance for his pilots to fly blind. He would see them succeed, but that would take more time in the Link. Starting down the path that Ben had taken, he wound his way through the buildings and to the one that housed the trainer. The weather the next morning proved to be just as poor as Hux had predicted, the kind of damp that seeped into the bones to chill them. It was cold for mid-September, and mist hung heavy over the airfield. Despite the squadron’s mostly acceptable performances in the Link Trainer the night before, his concern lingered. If they couldn’t make it through the soupy cloud cover, it could be disastrous: feeble take-offs; uncertain flying that could mean mid-air collisions; botched landings. His wasn’t the only apprehension, he discovered when he arrived at the hangar. His men were quiet and solemn, their attention fixed on the grey skies and their fog-shrouded aircraft. “Good morning,” he said. He received muttered greetings in return. “We have our work cut out for us today. I hope you’re prepared to face a challenge.” He turned to Brewster Mills. “You’ll be flying first, with Poe. I’ll be taking Gilbert.” Virgil chewed his lip nervously as the others glanced at him with pity. Still, he shouldered his parachute and made ready. Hux led the way to their aircraft, springing up onto the wing of his kite and into the cockpit. He gave a cursory wave to Thanisson before calling the all-clear. Virgil taxied out with him to the runway and took up his position to Hux’s starboard side. After a short check with the control tower, they were off. Hux could see the grass in front of him as the wispy mist parted, but he couldn’t make out much in the air above. He turned his gaze to the instruments and gauged his speed as he began to lift off of the ground. Everything around him was white. He couldn’t see Virgil at all, but he called out over the radio, “Gilbert, are you up?” “Yes, sir,” was the crackling reply. “I’m right on your tail. I think.” Hux breathed a sigh of relief. “Maintain your course and come up to eight thousand feet.” At that altitude, the cloud cover was still heavy, but Hux wanted to test how well Virgil would manage to hold his position and fly alongside Hux. The complicated aerobatics would be saved for another day; this was an equally difficult task. “What are your instrument readings?” he asked. Virgil read them off dutifully, slowly enough that Hux could hear each one. They checked out well, and Hux reckoned that he was twenty or thirty feet off of Hux’s tail, holding steady. He kept them there for another few minutes, requesting readings every so often to make sure Virgil wasn’t veering too close or too far. “All right,” Hux said. “Let’s get up to fifteen thousand feet.” It was a steep ascent, but he hoped it would get them out of the clouds. They broke out at twelve thousand feet, coming into skies made orange and pink by the still-rising sun. It was sight that very few ever got to see, and Hux took a moment to appreciate it before turning his focus back to Virgil. Hux talked him through a few maneuvers, which he performed well. Hux was more than satisfied, though he still had to get through the landing successfully. “That’s enough for today, Gilbert,” he said. “Let’s return to the field. Do you have the coordinates set in your gyro?” “Yes, sir.” “Very good. I’d like you to take the lead.” It anxiety could be heard over a radio, Hux was sure did now. Virgil acknowledged, though, and made the turn back toward Wolcastle. Hux fell into position behind him, watching carefully as he began to descend. “Watch your altitude and speed,” Hux warned. “And stay level with the horizon. Don’t come in too steep or you’ll put your nose into the ground.” “Yes, sir.” Tension coiled in Hux’s gut following Virgil down into the clouds. He was putting himself in a significant amount of danger by coming in second. If something happened to Virgil, Hux wouldn’t be able to see it until he was about to touch down, far too close to pull up and save his aircraft. But Virgil was one of the most timid pilots, and a successful landing ahead of Hux would bolster his confidence a great deal. That was worth the risk. Hux’s gyro indicated that they were on the correct heading, and a quick look at the altimeter had him preparing for the final descent. He took of a deep breath of oxygen through his mask and let it out, determined not to hold it and muddle his head. “All right, Gilbert,” he said. “Nice and easy now. Don’t rush it.” Virgil didn’t reply, but Hux didn’t chide him for it. He was no doubt wholly consumed by checking his instruments. Hux kept watch of his own, too, until the low-hanging fog began to clear and the runway came into sight. They were a little to the left of center, but it didn’t pose a significant threat. Hux corrected for it with a slow guide of the stick, coming down just to starboard off of Virgil’s tail. They both descended steadily until Virgil hit the grass. He bounced twice, but recovered well, rolling smoothly down the runway. “Well done, Gilbert,” said Hux. “ Very well done.” Virgil’s “Thank you, sir,” was breathy and clearly relieved. When they got back to the hangar, they were greeted by the rest of the squadron, almost all of them enthusiastically congratulating Virgil with smiles and thumps on the back. Hux stood a few paces away, letting them celebrate amongst themselves. From his place there, he noticed that one of the pilots remained back as well. Ben Solo was watching the others without joining them. Displeased, Hux looked at him darkly, catching his gaze, and did his best to convey a reproof. Ben held his ground for a moment, but then took a few steps closer to the group of pilots. He cut through them to Virgil’s side and said something to him. Virgil grinned and clapped a hand on Ben’s shoulder. Hux took Lewis Mills up next. He assigned Shorty Putnam to Poe, and they continued on into the early afternoon. Some of the flights were more nerve-wracking than others, but no one failed to get their kite back to the field. When they were finished, Hux had them assemble at the mouth of the hangar. “You have all done impressively well today. You exceeded my expectations, and I congratulate you. Tomorrow we’ll be going up in proper flights and doing some mock dogfighting. It’s high time you started learning how to fly in combat.” He received eager looks and smiles. “Unless you have other matters to discuss with me now,” he said, “you are dismissed.” No one stayed, instead jogging off to the mess in good spirits. Hux followed at a steadier pace, allowing them their exuberance. They would no doubt be rowdy at lunch, all but yelling over each other as they competed for attention. It would earn them reproachful looks, but Hux found that he didn’t much care about the English pilots’ apparent disdain for their colonial allies. The Americans had a way about them that Hux was becoming more and more certain he wouldn’t be able to change. They were loud and forward, brash and overconfident, but there was an honesty to it all that the gentry Hux had been raised among did not have. He had been bred to behave with dignity and stoicism, keeping to particular topics of conversation and never raising his voice above a polite volume. His men lacked that schooling. It was true that Hux might not have wanted to bring them into his mother’s drawing room, but part of him admired their openness. When he joined them at the table, they were passing the bowls and platters around and laughing at a tale of drunken misadventure Shorty was regaling them with. It seemed he had had too much of his uncle’s home-distilled liquor one night and wandered into a neighbor’s barn, looking for a place to sleep. He found one in a pile of hay and promptly nodded off. When he woke up, he was surrounded by goats, one of which was chewing on the shoe he didn’t remember taking off. “Ate half the damn thing, I swear,” he said, slapping a hand on the table. “My ma was spitting mad. We couldn’t afford anything new until the cattle went to auction, so she covered the toe in burlap and told me to make do. That was a damn cold winter in that sacking shoe.” The others chuckled, Strickland saying, “Serves you right for drinking corn liquor. Couldn’t pay me enough to drink that swill.” Shorty smirked. “It didn’t taste like much, but it sure packed a punch. That’s all that mattered in the end.” Strickland shook his head. “You ever get up to trouble, sir?” Theo Meltsa asked, glancing down the table at Hux. “Sure there’s gotta be some stories you can tell.” Hux rarely drank enough to put him in a compromising position. It was dangerous, as he had discovered in his first year at Oxford. One night, he had had more pints than he should have, and had found his attention drawn to a young man with dark hair and a sharp jawline. He was standing with his friends across the pub, paying Hux and his group no mind at all. But Hux couldn’t take his eyes off of him. Inhibitions lowered, Hux had gotten up and gone to him. He introduced himself, no doubt messily and slurred, offering his hand. The man—Philip—had shaken it cheerfully, though his brow furrowed when Hux held on just a moment too long. Hux had fixed him with a bright smile and asked him if he studied at the university. They talked for a time, and Hux found him ever more charming. “Come outside for a cigarette?” Hux had asked him. “Certainly.” In the shadows of the alley to the side of the pub, they had smoked and continued their conversation. Careful not to move too fast, Hux got closer and closer to him until they were standing shoulder to shoulder. When Philip didn’t seem to mind, Hux tossed away his cigarette and leaned in to kiss the corner of his mouth. Philip had shied back with affront, goggling at Hux like he was a trespasser on sacred ground. His surprise quickly transitioned into cold fury. “Get away from me,” he snarled. “You’re...you’re disgusting.” Hux had stumbled back in shock. “I’m sorry,” he stammered. “I didn’t mean to… I’m sorry.” “Just stay away from me,” Philip said. “Filthy nancy boy.” He left Hux there, standing in the alley while the autumn wind cut through his jacket. Hux’s knees shook, and clapping a hand over his mouth, he had crumpled against the damp brick wall. The tears came hot and wet down his cheeks, but he managed to stifle the sobs. He had risked everything over a pretty boy in a pub. If Philip decided to say something, Hux would be a pariah. Word would spread, and he would have to leave school. He cursed himself, striking the flat of his palm about his temple. Idiot. Fool. When, at last, he could catch his breath, he got unsteadily to his feet. He had left his scarf and hat inside, but he refused to go back in. Bareheaded, with his hands shoved deep into his pockets, he wended his way home. He had fallen into bed in all of his clothes, curled into a ball. If he could have cried more, he would have, but instead he just lay trembling until sleep finally claimed him. He banished the memory as quickly as it had come, searching hurriedly for something to say to Meltsa. “There was one shooting party of my father’s,” he said. “We were out in the countryside with a few of his friends and their sons, hunting fowl. I was fifteen, maybe sixteen. One of the boys had brought a flask of brandy and we started passing it between us. It wasn’t a lot, but it was enough to make us unsteady and our guns a bit unwieldy.” “Shooting drunk never turns out right,” said Andrew Ward, looking somber. “I can tell you that for sure.” “You’re right about that,” Hux said. “I was lining up for a shot, but the birds were too low. I fired anyway. Immediately I heard the yelp. Lowering the barrel, I looked up the hill to see my father’s friend Ambrose clutching at his backside.” “You shot him ?” Norman Crowe said, wide-eyed. Hux nodded. “It was only birdshot, but when we got him back to the house, the doctor spent two hours pulling it out.” Groans and winces went around the table. “Did your daddy tan your hide for it?” William Taylor said. “I managed to escape that fate,” said Hux, “as there was no proof it had been my shot that hit him. There were enough men on the moor that we couldn’t decide who it had been.” “Lucky break,” Poe laughed. Hux smiled one-sidedly. “It was indeed.” “When do we get to shoot our guns here?” The question came from the end of the table. Ben Solo. Hux looked down at him. “Soon, I suppose, though we have no proper targets.” “Then how are we supposed to learn to shoot down the Jerries?” Hux didn’t have a good answer. There wasn’t much of a way to practice firing a Hurricane’s guns in the air without risking hitting a friendly aircraft. That happened enough during dogfights as it was. The only alternative was to fire the guns into the water over the Channel, where they couldn’t do any damage. But with limited supplies of ammunition, it wasn’t encouraged. “We’ll discuss the fine points of tactics this evening, if you’d like,” Hux said. “Lining up shots, firing at the proper range and angle.” Ben wasn’t impressed. “Theory isn’t going to make up for a real lesson.” “You’re right,” Hux conceded. “That is something you will have to learn for yourselves in the air. You’ve been saying you’re ready to do so for quite some time, Ben. I trust that will prove true when the time comes.” Ben crossed his arms over his chest churlishly, but said nothing in reply. “We’ll manage,” said Poe, “won’t we, boys?” Murmurs of agreement came from every man at the table. When they were finished their lunch, several of the pilots made for the briefing room, where they had started a daily poker game. Hux hadn’t played cards in some time and preferred to avoid being humiliated, so he forewent it. Instead, he stopped by his quarters to leave his flight gear before going to the showers at the far end of the barracks. The dressing room was small and tile-lined, a wooden rack for shoes attached to the wall below a number of hooks for clothing. It wasn’t terribly warm inside, the floor cold against Hux’s feet when he stripped out of his socks. He tucked them into his boots and set to taking off his uniform. There were two others in the gang showers when he stepped inside, both men he had seen before, but they had never been properly introduced. This was not the place for that, so he went to space across the room from them and turned on the shower. It sputtered cool water at first, making gooseflesh prickle all over Hux’s body, but it slowly began to warm. He stood in it for a time, letting the spray pour down his shoulders and back. He didn’t like admitting that the confines of the cockpit wore on him, making his muscles tense and cramped. He had to fight the hunch that his body wanted to develop, forcing himself to stand straight. His height was something he had never hidden or played down; his father, also a tall man, had taught him that. But the reality of flying was that it came with some pain. “You heard anything more about Umberton?” one of the pilots across the way asked. Hux turned, thinking perhaps the man was speaking to him, but his comrade replied first: “He’s laid up in the infirmary for the next few weeks in plaster, poor bloke.” “Are they calling up someone from the reserves?” “S/L Chapman said the message was already sent. They don’t want to be short a man for long.” Hux shared their pity for the pilot who had crashed the day before. He was going to be out of the action for at least six weeks while his bones knit, and then he would have to spend another two building up the muscle that had atrophied. It would be months before he was back in the air. Picking up the soap, Hux began to lather it over his chest. He had never been removed from duty by illness or injury, and he considered himself fortunate. He had broken an arm as a boy when he fell from a tree he had climbed, but otherwise he had been a hardy child, rarely sick. The bone of the arm had healed well, his doctors had told him, but occasionally when a storm was blowing in, it seemed to creak and ache. Hux rubbed at the knob of his wrist with soapy fingers, remembering how skinny his arm had been when they had removed the plaster cast. Turning into the water again, he rinsed himself off. When he opened his eyes again, he saw that the two officers were gone and someone else had come in. Ben Solo was at the shower head across from Hux, wetting his too-long hair in the spray. His face was in the water, his eyes shut tight, but Hux still looked hurriedly away from him. There was little shame when it came to nakedness in the military, but Hux had learned long ago to keep to his own business in the showers. Lingering eyes were quickly noticed and generally unwelcome. Hux stayed away from the jokes and roughhousing that inevitably happened, washing efficiently and redressing without exchanging banter, no matter how friendly. He knew it made him seem detached and cool, but he preferred that to what else they might say if he was caught out admiring someone. With his back to Ben, Hux retrieved the shampoo and scrubbed in into his hair. The splatter of the water on the floor was the only sound as he dug his fingers into his scalp. Ben, it appeared, was not one for chatter, either. Hux washed himself clean once again, feeling looser. The relaxation that normally came with a shower was absent, though. He felt strange with just Ben for company, not uncomfortable, but keyed up and sharply aware of his presence. That feeling was not altogether unfamiliar, and had implications that Hux did not like in the least. He leaned his head into the water a last time, trying to clear it, before shutting off the shower. He meant to turn right for the door and leave without an acknowledgement to Ben, but he hesitated, not wanting to ignore him completely. He came around slowly, about to nod in greeting before making his way out, but as he looked over, Ben pinned him with his gaze. Hux froze, caught off guard. The water was still running over Ben’s head, but he looked straight at Hux without blinking. His hands hung at his sides, one clutching the white bar of soap and the other fisted tightly. The tension in him was visible; the cords in his neck stood out. It was as if he was poised to run, or to attack. Hux stood perfectly still, waiting uncertainly. He didn’t believe Ben would charge him, but there was something else the matter. Carefully, Hux said his name. Immediately, Ben turned his gaze away, spinning on his heel to face the wall. He went back to soaping himself up. Hux, utterly baffled, stared at his back. He could see his shoulder blades moving beneath smooth skin and the columns of muscle along his spine. There were two dimples at the base, just above the curve of his backside. Hux’s fingers twitched with the compulsion to touch him there, to explore the small dips, but he caught himself. Idiot . Fool. He forced his eyes away and padded quickly across the tile to the dressing room. He pulled a clean towel from the pile and mercilessly scrubbed himself dry. He berated himself as he did it. He could not afford to slip up even the slightest bit; even a rumor could end his career. But the way Ben had looked at him stuck in his mind. He had stared openly, restraining himself from something. Hux hadn’t the first idea what that meant, but he knew he could not put either of them in this kind of position again. Tugging on his jacket, he retreated to his quarters. Notes: The amazing sasheenka did this fabulous manip photoset of Hux and Ben in their life in the RAF. Notes: I'm on tumblr here . The incredible littleststarfighter drew this amazing piece of a kiss that's coming up in future chapters. I may have given a sneak peek of what's to come... :D The Eagle Squadrons of the RAF were real. They were three squadrons—71, 121, 133—that flew for England before the U.S. entered the war in December of 1941. Hux's squadron, 363, is fictional, as is RAF Wolcastle airbase. I have done a significant amount of research for this fic, but I know that not everything will be spot-on perfect in terms of historical accuracy or accuracy about flying. If you know a lot about either of those things, feel free to share them with me.