Hux should never have agreed to this. Only rats abandon sinking ships first and the Captain is supposed to go down with it. He is the Captain of the ship. He is supposed to go down on the ship. He won’t allow himself to go down on that ship. The First Order is sinking. The First Order is failing and Hux feels as if he is the only one that can see it. He is the only one that can see that history is repeating itself and much like the Empire before it the First Order will fall to the Resistance. Hux does not play on falling with it. Still, he should never have agreed to the plan. The first indication of that was the fact it was cooked up in Kylo Ren’s mind. Ren is powerful and a useful ally but thinking things through is a skill he seemed to miss. He is too often blinded by emotion and Hux knew this was a decision fuelled by emotion. Fuelled by the feeling of weakness and betrayal and shame. Of torment and a leader’s lack of compassion towards the result of it. Kylo had come to him with a plan and Hux had been a fool to agree to it. He realises, as Kylo pilots the craft out of the hanger and into space, that it is too late to back out. The ease of it all unnerves him and he finds himself unable to remain passively sitting. So he stands and walks over to where Ren is setting up the autopilot. “Where are you taking us?” “A smuggler’s outpost,” Ren replies, apparently uncaring that Hux would prefer just the name of the planet. Hearing what is there reminds him too much of their plan. “We’ll be able to find someone to buy this one and get a new one.” “And then?” “And then everyone will be unable to track us,” Kylo says because that is all there is for the second half of their plan: get a clean ship then go… somewhere. Hux should never have agreed to this plan. It is too sloppy. Too poorly thought out. Kylo finishes setting up the navigations and moves away from the controls. Hux knows if he really wanted he could go look at the name of the place they are flying to. He doesn’t want to. He already knows what it will be: one of the criminal hubs of the galaxy. One of the places he had envisaged the First Order eradicating. “Ugh. Shoo. Remind me again why you brought that infernal thing? I would prefer it if you had brought one of your pathetic underlings along.” Hux turns as the cat rushes towards him, fleeing the ire of the other. She reaches his legs and circles them, content that he will keep her safe. “She is more loyal then most of my officers. Useful to. I don’t plan on allowing any vermin inevitably on the ship we purchase a home for long.” There is a sentiment to keeping her as well. He is fonder of Millicent then he is of any ‘sentient’ being in the galaxy. He wasn’t leaving her on the sinking ship if he was jumping off. “I still think poison is more effective,” Kylo replies. “Yes well what will we do once the child is born? We can’t have them accidently ingesting it.” He gives a pointed look at Kylo’s stomach. It doesn’t show anything. He is still much too early and wearing clothes much too dense but they both know it to be there. If for no other reason than the chance in his scent. Kylo Ren may have previously masked the sweet scent of omega through the use of perfume and incense. Now though, even if he tried to, the scent of child would overpower anything. Kylo scowls but he doesn’t say anything in retort. Just turns and storms out of the cockpit into the main body of the ship. Hux knows he has won the argument. He soon finds that he has nothing to do. No task to complete or form to fill. Just time to wait out until the ship gets them to their destination. He has a feeling idleness is something he will have to get used to. He will have to find something to fill his time. He refuses to end up like the rest of the scum of the galaxy – wasting it and their money on rigged games, disease-ridden whores, and cheap booze. He may be becoming one of them but he refuses to lower himself to their level. Millicent at least seems pleased with his newfound idleness. She curls into his lap and happily enjoys the pats she is given. She flees when the alarm starts sounding. “Who found us?” Hux asks as Kylo races into the room to look at the source of the alarm before Hux himself has a chance to. His words are ignored and he goes to ask them again, to demand an answer, when Kylo speaks up first. “You did make sure the ship was looked over before we took it?” “Yes of course. What sort of a fool do you take me for?” Their plan to escape had been one implemented over a number of days and until they finally left Hux still had command over his ship. He had used that command in order to ensure their plan would go as smoothly as possible. “Are you sure?” Ren asks and there is a manicness to his voice that puts Hux on edge. The ship was in working order but it might not be should Kylo take his lightsaber to it. “Yes. I’m sure.” Kylo’s fist slams down onto the controls, his back taunt with emotion. Hux waits for the outburst. Waits for Kylo Ren to completely ruin the ship and their plan. Hux shouldn’t have agreed to this. No outburst comes. Instead Kylo slumps against the controls. “What is the problem Ren? Tell me.” Ren doesn’t tell him. At least not with his own words. Instead he moves aside so Hux can see the warning the ship is giving them: mechanical failure. “That’s impossible.” Hux had gotten the First Order’s best mechanics to look over the ship. There was no way for it to be failing. Unless of course someone else had found out about their plan. Unless the repairs had actually been sabotage. They let them leave because they knew the dead of space could dole out much worse punishments then anything they had. Could cause them more pain than even the Supreme Leader. They let the rats leap from the ship unharmed knowing they would only drown or be eaten. Hux should never have agreed to this plan and his current position is all Ren’s fault. Ren and the smell of new pregnancy meddling with Hux’s mind. It did not have to be his child for his instincts to want to help and protect when an omega only just with child comes to you in clear distress. He doesn’t get a chance to yell at Ren for getting him stuck in this position before Ren is turning the ship off autopilot and taking over controls. “What are you doing?” “There’s a planet close by. If I get us there before the engine’s fail we will have a slightly better chance of getting this fixed.” “What if there’s pirates on it? Do we even know if the air is breathable?” Ren pauses what he is doing and Hux watches as his hands grip tight on the base of the controls. “There’s not pirates on it and the air is breathable. It’s-“ Ren squeezes his eyes shut and takes three steading breathes. “There isn’t pirates on it and the air is breathable. It’s safe.” “How do you know?” There is something about Ren that makes Hux feel like the question is one that has a painful answer. He reminds himself that caring about Kylo’s comfort should be the least of his worries after what he has done for the man. “I just do,” Kylo replies before returning to the controls of the ship. Kylo more aims it at the planet then lands it and Hux finds himself bracing between the side of the ship and armrest of one of the chairs to prevent himself from losing balance as it cuts and falls through the over-brush. They make it through. A little bruised but alive. Hux stares out the window and already knows he is going to hate the planet. Everything his eyes can see is a dark green and he swears he can already taste the stench of the swamp-water that will sink into every crevice of the ship. Ren collapse into one of the seats and stares as if horrified at the landscape. Hux wonders what causes the reaction. Wonders what memories a place like this dredges up for Kylo Ren to put him in such a state. “Ren,” He calls his name more to distract him then actually gain his attention. He does not know what it is about the place that shakes Ren so much. He wants to brush it of as Ren being an oversensitive omega. That the baby has already gotten to his brain and deprived him of all logical faculties giving him fears where there is no reason for them to be. Hux knows better than to actually believe that. Kylo Ren may show all the inclinations inherent to his designation but he never possessed their fears. He tantrumed like the omega he actually was but he feared like an alpha. Ren startles and turns in the seat to face him and Hux can see that his eyes are still unfocused. “What is it?” “What do we do now?” “Now?” Ren turns back to the view of the trees as if waiting for someone to step out of them. Hux watches as his glazed over expression regains its focus and Kylo Ren looks a bit more like Kylo Ren and not some fragile omega. “Now we see exactly what is wrong with this ship that your mechanics missed.” Hux doesn’t tell Ren about his suspicions of what the mechanics actually did. He is sure the thought must have crossed Kylo’s mind as well. He is sure they are both happier without it being voiced. The ramp of the ship lowers and Hux finds himself right about the stench of the swamp. It quickly moves into the ship, filling it with the stench of damp decay. Millicent comes out of wherever she hid during the crash and is the first off the ramp and into the damp earth of the planet. Hux goes to call her back but Kylo stops him. “She will return on her own. This planet does not bare her ill will.” Hux wants to point out that it isn’t the planet itself he is worried about so much as the creatures on it but Kylo has already moved his attention onto the underbelly of the ship, removing the plate to have a look at its innards. Hux figures it is best to leave him to his task without disturbances. He doesn’t know why but Ren seems to have a talent for ships. Seems to intuitively know how to fly and repair them. Hux can do both at a basic level. He figures he should leave the task to the more competent hands. He walks back onto the ship if only to try and escape the dankness of the planet’s environment to something more familiar. He had spent many hours on First Order vessels, especially those designed for officers. He might not know their mechanics as well as Ren but he knows their interior. Knows that they always have a stockpile of liquor and knows where it is. The glasses are shattered, shards of glass spilling out from the shelves as he opens the door but the bottles themselves are still solid. Hux reaches for the unopened bottle of Whiskey and pulls it out causing more shards to rain to the ground. They should probably save it and sell it. Bottles like it can fetch a high price no matter the market they are at. Hux thinks about the sort of person they would find as a buyer and cracks open the bottle. They wouldn’t savour it as it should be. He instinctively reaches for a glass to pour it into only for his hands to find shattered glass. A part of him recoils at the idea of drinking straight from the bottle but he gives it little thought. He needs the alcohol more then he needs to stick to his upbringing. Anyway, nobody else will be drinking from it. Hux doubts it will last long enough for Ren to birth the child within him. There is little reason to worry about contaminating it for another. It isn’t his preferred brand but the alcohol goes down easily enough. After two mouthfuls Hux finds his nerves at least slightly calmed. He cleans the glass from his hand and pours some of the alcohol over it despite the fact the cuts are all only shallow. He cannot leave any risk of infection when they are unlikely to end up somewhere with a decent medical system. He returns the bottle to its home. If they are forced to sell the others, he wants it to last as long as possible before he has to accept dependency on the vile alcohol those on the fringes of society survive off. He sits on one of the chairs but finds himself up on his feet mere moments later. He feels restless and nervous. Feels like he is waiting for Kylo to confirm his suspicions about sabotage. He finds himself walking down onto the landing ramp. Sitting and taking in the horrible swamp that they might be stuck with until someone else stumbles upon the planet and finds them. He reaches for his breast pocket and the pack of cigarettes within. Anything to distract him from the horrid stench of the marshlands. “You shouldn’t smoke around someone who is pregnant.” Kylo stands at the foot of the ramp with grease stains on his face. The stench of the oil and baby only making Hux take another drag to clear his lungs. “You are free to leave if you want.” Ren looks out towards the tree line as if he is honestly considering it and Hux is surprised he cares enough about the unborn child to be willing to walk into the wilderness to protect it from cigarette smoke. After a second Ren scowls and then sits next to Hux on the landing ramp bringing the stench of the grease and oil, as well as the underlying scent of pregnancy, only closer. Hux takes another drag. Ren’s scowl deepens. “You should ration them. I don’t know how much they cost but I doubt you will be in the position to gain more for a long while.” And whose fault is that? Hux doesn’t voice the question, instead he takes another drag. He makes sure to breathe the smoke out in the opposite direction to Ren as if it will make some difference. They can’t actually afford any complications to the pregnancy, nor the child. Ren scowls at him but doesn’t say anything. He doesn’t say anything until Hux has nearly smoked the cigarette to the end. “I don’t know what they did exactly but I might be able to get it working again.” “How long?” Hux asks trying not to sound desperate. He has hardly been on the planet for half a day - he cannot already be so pathetic as to be reduced to grovelling in that time. He may be a coward who jumps ship but he isn't completely without a spine. “I don’t know,” Ren says and frowns. “Probably a while though.” Hux doesn’t get a chance to reply before Ren abruptly stands. He watches him stare off into the forests that surround the swamp and wonders just how safe the planet is. It certainly seems to have Ren spooked. He stares out towards where Ren’s gaze is focused but sees nothing but tree and marsh and fog. Unsettling in how horrid it is but not something worthy of the terror it seems to have sent sinking into Ren’s bones. “What is it?” “Nothing,” Ren says and his gaze has turned from the trees to Hux. He still seems unnerved but part of it seems to be aimed at Hux. As if there is something about Hux that he can’t figure out. “What?” “Nothing,” Ren says again but he still looks like he is trying to work out a puzzle on Hux’s face. “I can’t do anything more until the ship cools down. If you want me I’ll be inside.” He storms into the ship and Hux figures he has gone to ‘meditate’ on whatever it is that has put him on edge. Or at least that is what Hux hopes he has done and he hopes it calms it down. This planet is horrible enough without a jittery omega as his only company. Hux stays on the landing ramp until Millicent shows up again, walking back into the ship as if she had just gone on a casual stroll through the base. He envies her for that. Envies the ease in which she has already adapted to the new planet. He cannot stand the sight nor smell of it any longer. He gave Ren as much time to ‘mediate’ as possible. The omega will just have to deal with his presence ‘distracting’ his ‘important communication with the Force’. He walks into the ship with the plan of bypassing wherever Ren has inevitable settled himself down to ‘meditate’ to take a shower before getting some sleep. Maybe this is all a horrible nightmare and he will wake up as the ship lands on some smuggler-haven of a planet. Maybe he will wake up to find that Kylo never came to him for help and all of this was just a terror cooked up by his mind as punishment for ever even contemplating leaving the First Order. A terror to teach him that he must either pull the First Order back to its deserved glory or go down with it. He walks into the ship only to find Ren hadn’t been meditating at all. “If I had of realised pregnancy would make a housewife out of you I would have ordered you mated back when I first met you.” It’s cruel, Hux knows, especially considering how Ren did actually end up with the child within him but Hux has little other way to express his surprise at the fact Kylo had apparently been spending the whole time organising the inside of the ship. Had been sorting through everything to find what had and had not survived the landing. “I thought you would be meditating,” he adds as if it’s an apology. “I have nothing to meditate on,” Ren says with a glare and Hux is sure even he could build a list of things for Ren to meditate on, starting with whatever it is about this planet that has him on edge. “Sorting through this a better use of the time. We can leave whatever won’t be sellable here. It’ll save us having to carry it around with us.” It is a valid point, but as the internal lights of the ship turn on automatically from the sun of the planet going too low on the horizon, Hux remembers just how long the day already has been for them. It wasn’t like it was going anywhere. “We can deal with that tomorrow Ren,” he says despite the fact he shouldn’t care if Kylo spends the whole night organising it. It would mean one less task for Hux. He feels like he has to ensure Ren actually sleeps though. He justifies it as the fact he needs Ren’s mind sharp to fix whatever damage has been caused to the ship. It certainly isn’t because he feels protective of the omega or the child within him. “Then what do you suggest we do instead? I warn you I am not pleasant bed company.” Hux scowls at the implication. He had known of officers that keep omegas for the sole purpose of keeping their beds warm. He had never been one to indulge in it. He had found over the years that those who did tended to end up wrapped in thoughts of their omegas rather than their jobs. They rarely climbed higher and Hux had wanted the position at the top. Still, there isn’t any top for him to climb to anymore and he finds himself wondering what Kylo would be like when he gives in to the behaviour of his designation at the suggestion. It is not something to dwell on now. Maybe later, once they have a clean ship and a new life, they will find if they fall into the relationship their designations will imply to everyone who they meet. For now surviving is much more important than dealing with that. “Sleep Ren. I propose we get some rest and deal with this all after.” The ship needs time to cool before they have any chance to fix what is wrong with it and get off the planet. There is nothing pressing for them to do until that has happened so they should take the chance of sleep offered. Ren nods but he doesn’t move and Hux decides to just leave him there and get some rest himself. “I’m going to take a shower, if you have any preference of bed I suggest you take it now.” The ship has two main beds on it in separate, private, rooms. The rooms are small and the beds not as comfortable as the one Hux had back on base but they were as comfortable as one could expect on a ship this size. Temporary sleeping arrangements for the First Order’s officers. Hux doesn’t particularly care which of the two beds he ends up in, there isn’t actually a difference. If anyone were to find a difference and have a preference it would be Ren. Hux will give him what he wants if only to avoid having to deal with a sulking omega. Even before he gets into the shower Hux knows he should feel guilty about the wasted water. The ship is designed for temporary comfort so the shower drains from the drinking-water reserves. Normally it would be easy to refill them once the destination had been reached. Hux knows it might not be so simple for them. He doesn’t care though. He needs to wash off the horrible day and he isn’t about to go bathing in the swamp surrounding them. Once he has finished showering he changes into his sleep clothes and goes back to the main part of the ship to see if Kylo is still going through the wreckage. He isn’t and the door to one of the main quarters is shut. He’s apparently made his decision so Hux retires into the other after ensuring the landing ramp raised and the ship secure. Even if Ren says the planet holds no pirates or danger to them Hux would not be able to sleep unless he knew the ship was locked. Even if he knows the only people potentially looking for them are the First Order and that they would undoubtable have the key to the vessel. He finds himself collapsing into the bed as soon as he reaches it. It isn’t the same as the one he left back on his ship when he fled but it is still familiar. Familiar enough that he can pretend he hasn’t left for good and is instead merely completing a task for the Supreme Leader and that this all is a mere mild hiccup that will be soon rectified before they can move on. Hux isn’t a man of delusions but he falls asleep before he corrects himself. Chapter 2 Notes: After hanging with a friend before writing this chapter and having to listen to her complain about how her cigarettes always go stale before she finishes a pack (and thus reminding me that cigarettes do go stale) a minor part of the fic had to get changed – nothing actually major, it’s really just superficial but still, a change. The next chapters will be less ‘one day’ filled. Just needed to set some things up and that required closer focus on the timeline. Hux wakes and even before he opens his eyes he knows it is not morning yet, he doesn’t feel fully rested but at the same time knows he will not fall back asleep. Opening his eyes his assessment is confirmed. The light from the artificial nocturnal lighting of the ship creeps through the crack of the door to his room, only noticeable to somebody really looking for it like he is. While the planet might merely have long nights Hux knows that in reality only a handful of hours have passed. He also realises it wasn’t all just some horrible dream. He can still smell the swamp, the scent having started its creep into every part of the ship. It is only faint in the room he is in but soon it will be overwhelming no matter where he tries to escape it. Even if they do leave the planet soon the ship will carry the scent forever, a permanent reminder of the horrible stop on their foolish plan. At least they will be eventually selling it off. They will probably have to take somewhat of a price cut because of the stench though. He knows trying to go back to sleep is fruitless so after staring at the ceiling for a few minutes he gets out of the bed and decides to check the ship in case anyone had discovered them during his rest. He knows he will likely find nothing. The First Order may be aware that they have left but he doubts they would have managed to track them down in such limited hours, and nobody else in the galaxy knows to even be looking for them. So long as the planet is an inhabited as Kylo says it is then nobody should be on the ship, except for Kylo and him of course. He still grabs the blaster hidden in the draws of the bedside table before leaving the room. He won’t be taken by anymore surprises or betrayals. The door to the room Kylo has claimed is open and when Hux goes inside to see the reason why he finds that there is no Kylo within it. He isn’t in the body of the ship either, and a check in the cockpit finds only Millicent cuddled up in the pilots chair asleep. Hux figures it only leaves the option of Kylo having started on the repairs of the ship. Walking out into the darkness of the swamp that surrounds them Hux does not find Kylo anywhere near or around the ship as he expected. All he catches is the faint scent of pregnant omega in the air telling him that Ren went into the forest that surrounds them. Hux has little want to follow him. He has no choice though. Kylo’s beliefs about the planet may have been wrong. He might have been captured by pirates or crime lords who found the ship while they slept. He might have gone for a walk only to find some predatory animal that considered him as a feast. If Ren was injured or killed Hux knew his chances of getting off the planet would diminish. Kylo was the better mechanic of the two of them. Still, the thought of going out into a swamped forest during the middle of the night is far from what Hux wanted to be doing. Even when considering the fact he had fled from the First Order. He steels himself for a moment before stepping off the ramp of the ship and into the marshland under it. He hears the earth under his feet squish with each step. He tries to ignore it and the scent of swamp that only seems to get stronger the further he walks from the ship somehow. He instead focuses in on the scent that he knows to be Kylo, the sweetness of pregnancy and omega that now surround him. Despite the fact the walk is much too long for Hux’s want to be out in the damp air and earth Kylo hadn’t actually walked all that far from the ship and Hux finds him easily and quickly. He still nearly shoots him out of surprise. Ren seems even more unfocused then he had been earlier in the night. Something Hux would have thought impossible. He stares out, deeper into the forest, as if searching for something there. Hux hopes it is merely sleep deprivation that is causing his enhanced weirdness and not something more threatening to them. “Ren.” Kylo starts at his name and turns around to face Hux. There is an expression of fear on his face, and Hux swears he hears him whisper, “oh, it’s just you.” However it all gives way to his usual displeased expression in a matter of moments. “What do you want Hux?” “For you to explain what is going on.” He has had enough of merely watching Kylo stare fearfully into the swamp with also saying that the planet contains no danger to them. “I have no idea what you are talking about.” “There is something about this planet that puts you on edge – you are going to explain it to me right now.” Kylo gives him a wilting look. “This has nothing to do with you Hux, do not presume you have a right to know.” In the middle of a horrible swamp, and after the disturbed sleep he had just woken from, Hux had no patience for Kylo’s usual abrasive communication. “Do not presume I have a right? Need I remind you Ren that we are stuck together now and more specifically stuck on this miserable planet until and unless you can repair the ship. I have every right to know if the planet we are on holds any danger to us and do not say it doesn’t because you have done nothing but looked spooked since you decided to bring us here.” “There is no danger to you on this planet. It cares little about you,” Ren replies in dismissal. “And yet it cares about you?” “Yes,” Kylo’s voice does seem to falter at the words but Hux pays it little mind still caught up in his anger at being considered unimportant to the great Kylo Ren yet again. Unimportant despite the fact he was the only one willing to help him after what happened. “And tell me Ren, why would it care about you but not me?” “Because you have no connection to the Force.” “What?” Hux sneers because Kylo cannot be serious? “The planet is strong with the Force. It is the reason why we are here.” “The reason we are here is because sabotaged our ship and we crash landed on the nearest planet.” He was too tired to continue with pretending it wasn’t sabotage that landed them in the position they were in. Too exhausted to even take Ren’s emotions into account, not that he had ever been in the habit of doing that. “The ship could have failed close to so many planets. The fact it was this one we were nearest to is the will of the Force.” As much as Hux agreed with the sentiment that the universe hated him currently, he never liked the idea of an all-powerful ‘Force’ guiding his actions. “No we were nearest to here because that was the point where whatever they did to the ship finally failed. If we had taken another path we would have failed at the same time.” “So what do you suggest it is then Hux? Why did we end up on this planet instead of any other?” “A coincidence. Those do happen Ren.” “Not with a place like this,” Kylo replies, and Hux watches him scan the horizon, as if the answers to their problems will be found out there. Hux finds his already thin patience waning more. “What possible goal could it have for dumping us on this planet? Tell me Ren – why it would want you here?” “I don’t know.” The anger that Kylo had managed to build deflates with the words, and for a moment he seems even more lost then he did even on the planet. Looked more scared then Hux had ever seen in his life. Hux almost feels a pang of sympathy for him, but that is clearly more to do with his exhaustion then any weak emotions. The pheromones of pregnancy taking the weakness of his sleep-deprived mind to try and make him want to comfort the omega. “Well, if you figure it out I’m going to be back at the ship and sleeping. Hopefully I’ll wake up and discover this is all just a horrible dream.” “It’s not a dream,” Kylo says and Hux has no response to but scowl. He knows it isn’t a dream but he can still hope. “I suggest you get some sleep as well. We do need to get the ship repaired so we can leave this place.” And return to their destination of some outer-rim smuggler hovel to obtain a new ship and then continue running from everyone who would want them. Really if the planet wasn’t so horrible Hux would almost be tempted to suggest they just stay there. It was unbearable however and he is sure even the worst of the smuggler outposts cannot be worse. Ren doesn’t seem to be paying attention to Hux anymore, just staring off into the distance of the forest again with the same glazed-over expression that seems to be his constant since aiming them at the planet. Hux wonders if he has gotten any sleep. It isn’t his job to worry about that. Kylo can look after himself, even if he is pregnant and an omega. Hux doesn’t actually need to take care of him and ensure he looks after himself. If Ren wants to stay out in the forest all night Hux will not bother trying to convince him otherwise. The trip back to the ship takes longer than the one to find Ren did. There is no scent in the air for Hux to follow, and instead he must rely on his memories of the trip out to get him back without getting lost. There are a few moments where he stops and believes he has turned himself around in the dark, unchanging forest. He wonders if Kylo would go looking for him should he fail to find his way back to the ship. He knows he would. As much as it pains them both to admit it they need each other. There is no way either of them could survive without the other’s help. They both carry half the skill set needed to survive. Although Hux can at least admit that if Kylo wasn’t pregnant his use would be much lesser. Kylo is pregnant though so he needs Hux as much as Hux needs Kylo’s knowledge about ships and black-markets. When he reaches the ship he is grateful to get some reprieve from the swamp air, despite the fact he knows the scent will have only sunk further into the ship during the time he was gone. He doesn’t even both washing the swamp off him before returning to his bed. There is no point, and he probably should think about conserving water. He doesn’t find sleep as easy for the rest of the night. He watches as the glow from the internal lights dims from the crack in the doorway, indicating that the sun of the planet has risen once more. There are blinds in the room that remain closed, allowing him to keep sleeping should he want to. He knows he hasn’t gotten as much sleep as he probably needs, but he knows he will only struggle more trying to get any more. He might as well see if Kylo returned to the ship yet or if he was still out in the forest waiting for some sign from the Force . He finds, upon exiting the ship, that Kylo had returned from the forest and is elbow deep into the gut of the ship. Hux wonders if he slept at all during the night. Hux reminds himself he does not care. He wants to ask if Ren has found the flaw that made them crash. He wants to ask if Ren has any idea as to how to fix it. He knows better than to try and talk to Ren as he works. Knows that Ren won’t like it and it will distract him from whatever he is doing. Instead he just stands and watches as Kylo continues with whatever he is doing to the ship until the feeling of uselessness becomes too much to bare. He sits once again on the ramp of the ship, feeling the need to smoke rising in him. As much as Kylo is right in the fact it is doubtful he will be able to once again obtain them, Hux knows if the cigarettes are not smoked they will merely go stale. A waste he will not allow. He only smokes one. He was never one for chain smoking, thought it a waste of time. Never liked the offices that seemed to be perpetually filled with smoke. He had never had the time to spend hours smoking. It was a luxury he allowed himself in moderation. He is yet to see reason to change the habit. The cigarette burns much too fast for his liking, but the idea of starting a new one seems to only be an indication of laziness to him. Sitting there without doing anything is just as bad. Ren still seems busy with the ship so Hux decides to continue trying to organise the inside of it. Millicent idly wakes from where she has cuddled down on the couches in the communal area and watches Hux as he re-enters the ship. He gives her a light scratch as he examines the state area. He doesn’t know how long Kylo had spent organising it during the night, but there was still much to do. When he starts working his way through the piles of items that litter the floor Millicent watches from her perch before apparently getting bored and, after some stretches, leaves the ship. He idly wonders what she does while out in the swamp that surrounds him. Maybe she has found a task to complete or maybe she is suffering from the same bored idleness he is, and is merely trying to waste her time in a new environment. He supposes it doesn’t really matter. They will hopefully be leaving the planet soon. If Millicent is exploring out of boredom then she will have many new places to stave it in. If she has a goal then he hopes she completes it before they leave. He might as well get as much of the ship organised as he can before they do manage to leave. It is boring but easy to spend the rest of the day organising through everything. A task that Hux would normally consider below him but now grateful for something to stop any idleness. That is not to say he enjoys it, just, it is better to focus on the value of the item in front of him instead of the worry that the ship will be irreparable and they will be stuck on the planet for an untold time until someone else finds them. He works on sorting through the stuff into whether it can be kept, sold, or tossed until the artificial lights of the ship turn on and Kylo returns from fixing the ship, bringing the sweet scene of pregnancy with him. Hux has to admit it is at least more pleasant than the scent of swamp that has completed its task of taking over the ship. There is a part of Hux that wants to demand an answer to the question of if Ren has fixed the ship yet. He won’t let himself sound desperate though so he waits a few minutes before breaching the topic. The answer he gets is neither confirms nor defeats his hopes. “What do you mean you don’t know if it can be fixed yet?” Kylo pulls a small piece of mechanics out of his robes, allowing the artificial lights to glisten off its oil-coated surface. “This is the piece that broke and stopped us from continuing. The ship won’t fly without it. I might be able to fix it but I won’t know until I try.” “And how long will that take?” Hux wants off the planet as soon as possible. Already they had spent much too much time on it for his liking. “That’s what I don’t know,” Kylo replies, and the device goes back into his robes. “What am I supposed to do until then?” Kylo looks around the chaos that is still the floor of the ship. “I’m sure there is plenty for you to fill your time with.” Hux wants to argue against the dismissal. Wants to remind Kylo that in a few months he will be the one dependent on Hux instead of how it currently is turning out. “I’m going to bed,” Kylo says before Hux has a chance to form a rebuttal. “I’ll start working on it in the morning.” It is only then that Hux notices how tired Ren looks. He was probably right in his assumption that the omega hadn’t slept all night and as much as it isn’t his job to care he knows that sleep deprivation is something that will only make Kylo more useless. Maybe after some rest he will find that the piece of broken machinery is simply fixed. A false delusion maybe, but Hux allows it all the same. He will find out just how false it is in the morning. He waits on the ramp for Millicent to return from her journeys, smoking another of the cigarettes from the pack. She arrives just as he reaches the filter, disappearing onto the ship somewhere to find her resting place for the night. Hux locks the ship up for the night and returns to the room and bed that has been designated his. Sleep does not come easily, but it isn’t impossible to obtain. Chapter 3 Notes: I feel like this chapter needs a friendly reminder that Hux is not the nicest nor best person in the galaxy. Also I think I’ve officially given up on my plan for each chapter – I’m going to stick with it for overall order of things but yeah… this was supposed to encompasses like 6 months… instead it’s like… 1 month? Two weeks? I’m sure I’ll scribble down a timeline soonish. It isn’t an easy fix. A week passes of Kylo all but locking himself into his room and working on the piece of machinery that is their key to freedom. At least that is what Hux assumes he is doing. He doesn’t actually know. Kylo refuses to let him into the room and stays stubbornly quiet on the topic when he joins Hux for their meals. At the start of the week those meals are made up of the food packed for the officers of the vessel. Things that Hux considers actual food that comes with the unfortunate side-effect of perishability. At the end of the week they had consumed most of it and start on the rations. That, combined with the floor of the ship slowly regaining its organisation are the only two signs of the time passing. Other than that the days remain the same – Hux wakes, spends the day figuring out what on the ship is salvageable and what can just be dumped; Kylo, locked in his room hopefully repairing the item necessary for their freedom; and Millicent, coming and going from the ship every time Hux lowers the ramp to either dump things or smoke. It takes two days of a ration diet for Kylo to break the boring normality that seems to be their current lives. Hux is lowering the ramp to dump another collection of items destroyed in the crash only for Kylo to turn up wearing his full armour apart from his helmet. A week of seeing him in light pants and a singlet makes his old clothing strange to Hux. So does the ability of the clothes to dampen Ren’s scent. It cannot completely mask pregnancy but it certainly stops it from circling around him as much as it does when he is wearing lighter clothing. The scent not announcing him before Hux even has a chance to see him like it had for the week. “What are you doing?” “Going for a walk,” Kylo says as if it is a normal occurrence for him. As if he hadn’t spent the previous week avoiding the outside of the ship. “Why?” “I don’t have to tell you the reason behind all my activities.” Hux stops himself before any automatic reply can come out. Stops and reminds himself that he needs Kylo if he ever wants to get off the planet. That he doesn’t want Ren to do anything stupid and suicidal merely to spite him. He chooses to not say anything and, after lowering the ramp, steps to the side to allow Kylo to exit first. Kylo raises his eyebrow at the behaviour but doesn’t say anything before walking down the ramp and disappearing into the forest surrounding them. As Hux works on getting the rubbish out of the ship and onto the pile he built Millicent decides that she too would rather be in the woods than on the ship. Hux wonders if there is some danger he does not know about – something Millicent and Kylo can sense that he cannot. The Force and animal instincts giving them forewarning of poisonous gas or an impending explosion. The two of them fleeing and leaving him to die. Kylo wouldn’t be so stupid as to allow Hux to die a death that would cost him nothing to prevent. Sure, if preventing Hux’s demise might cost his own life or comfort he might choose ensuring his own safety, but warning Hux that the ship will blow up or poison him would not mean any risk for him. He would be a fool to allow Hux to die like that. Especially when he knows he is pregnant. Kylo might not be the best at thinking things through but he is not so stupid to do something like that. There is likely no danger in the ship yet Hux finds himself unwilling to return into it with neither Kylo nor Millicent around. He finds himself once again sitting on the ramp of it reaching for the pack of cigarettes in his breast pocket. Opening the packet he finds that only three remain. He knows that it is probably for the best. They were starting to get stale anyway. Still, there is disappointment that rises in him at the sight. He doesn’t know when he will next get his hands on them, if ever. He smokes his way through one yet neither Millicent nor Kylo returns. He knows he should go back into the ship. Knows he should keep working on organising its contents. That he should make use of the time. He pulls the second last cigarette from the packet and lights it. The final one follows soon after that. It is half-way through smoking it that Hux realises what he is doing. He couldn’t remember the last time he smoked more than two cigarettes in a row. Couldn’t remember if he ever had. Holding the slowly burning cigarette out in front of him he realises he might be slipping into the habits of the low class scum of the galaxy quicker than he intended. That he might be finding the lazy habit of spending hours doing nothing but smoking and drinking something that will become a part of his life almost too natural. It is fitting in a way – that the last of his preferred, high end, brand of cigarettes is the beginning of the slip in his morals. He contemplates getting the bottle of whiskey he had opened a week prior and starting on that once the cigarette burned down. No. He will try to keep some class about him. Scowling, he quickly returns the cigarette to his lips. Better to at least enjoy it before it burns down leaving him with nothing. As he smokes he watches Millicent return to the ship, some animal caught in her mouth. He scowls at her as she starts making her way up the ramp, not wanting to have to deal with the carcass later. On the other hand he supposes this means they don’t have to worry about feeding her and he hardly wants to scare her off the ship lest he has to go into the swamp looking for her when they leave. After the third and final cigarette finally burns down to uselessness Hux sits watching the forest. He knows he should go back inside and continue organising, however after a week of doing nothing but going through each individual item on the ship, trying to ascertain its usefulness he has little want to do it anymore. He doesn’t find the idleness any more pleasant but at least it is a displeasure of a different kind. He finds his displeasure growing when Kylo returns. The scent of Ren’s pregnancy covered even more by the stench of swamp coming off him and it takes Hux a moment to realise that Kylo’s thick robes are soaked through with water. The omega had apparently decided to go swimming. “Where do you think you’re going?” Hux asks as Kylo walks past him and onto the ramp of the ship. “To my room. Do you have a problem with that?” Kylo doesn’t stop in his pace. Hux finds himself getting up and moving over to block Ren’s path into the ship, earning him a raised eyebrow. Kylo does stop moving though and Hux can see the pool of water gathering at his feet. Kylo is drenched through with the swamp water and Hux can only imagine how much of it would end up on the floor of the ship before Ren made it to his room. “And what – drag the swamp through the ship while you do?” “In case you hadn’t noticed, the ship already smells of the swamp.” “Not the water of it yet.” There is something about the water that smells even more putrid than the rest of the place. Drenched in it the stench completely masks the scent of pregnancy on Ren. Something the forest and marshlands by themselves were never able to do. “What would you have me do then? I can’t merely stay out here forever. I need to get back to my room to work on fixing the ship unless you want to stay stuck on this planet indefinitely.” Kylo is right in the fact he cannot stay where he is. Although not just because he has decided to work on the piece of machinery in his room. There is little cover outside the ship and Hux still does not entirely trust the planet to be devoid of creatures that wish them harm. No matter how much he wants Ren to not trace the swamp water though the ship he cannot deny him access. There is however another solution. “Take your robes off.” “What?” The word is said with a snarl and Kylo drawing himself to his full height in an attempt to stand over Hux despite the fact Hux is higher on the ramp. “I said take off your robes off. You can go into the ship but the clothing stays out here until it’s dry.” It is a fair enough resolution. One that balances out the fact Hux cannot actually bar Kylo from the ship with the fact that he does not want the water that is soaked into the clothing anywhere near it. “Are you ordering me to strip?” Kylo asks and Hux watches his muscles go tight as if he is preparing to simply overpower Hux and walk into the ship. “Yes. I will get you your other clothes and a towel to dry off but I am not allowing you onto the ship while still wearing that.” He will allow some concessions seeing he knows how the child Ren is carrying was conceived. He won’t make Kylo walk the whole way to his bedroom naked. Kylo glares at him but doesn’t make any move further into the ship, instead crossing his arms as if impatient for Hux to hurry up. Hux takes it as a victory and goes into the ship to obtain the clothing and towel. He decides to get the clothing first but finds himself pausing at the door to Ren’s room. There is a part of him that feels he shouldn’t be going in there – that it is Kylo’s space, and something he has shown little inclination of wanting Hux in. Hux brushes it off as long ago instilled lessons from his father. An avoidance of spaces marked omega because of their little importance to alphas’ lives. Something that has no value in their current situation, nor really a rule that should be applied to Kylo Ren. The door opens and for some reason Hux is surprised to find the room so similar to his. A week ago he was more than aware that he two rooms were all but identical. Now though, after a week of Ren living in it, Hux finds himself having expected grand changes. Perhaps he had expected Kylo to have built an alter to Darth Vader despite the limited to supplies to build such a thing on the planet they are currently on. Perhaps he expected the plain white walls to have been turned black and incense lit to create the mystic-vibe Kylo had seemed to crave back when they were still a part of the First Order. Hux doesn’t know what he expected but it wasn’t this – a room identical to his in all but the clothing strewn on the floor and bed, and mechanics covering the desk. He finds himself walking over to the desk despite his actual reason for being in the room. He understands a fair bit about mechanics – he can name all the small pieces on the desk as well as what they do. How they all fit together for this particular piece is above him and even staring at it dismantled he can’t identify the flaw that sent them crashing into the planet in the first place. He hopes Kylo can find it and find a way to fix or replace it so they can leave the horrible place soon. There is nothing else in the room that holds much interest to him so Hux gathers a shirt and pair of pants for Kylo, similar to what he had been waring for the week prior. He takes a towel from the bathroom and returns to the ramp of the ship. Kylo is staring out into the forest but there is no longer terror in his eyes. There is still an uneasiness about him though and Hux wonders why he had willingly spent what had to have been an hour out in it when he clearly disliked the place so much. Wonders why he would have entered the swamp waters themselves. “Ren,” Hux says, used to having to pull Kylo from his thoughts after a week of it. He places the clothing and towel on the landing ramp before going to return to the ship in order to give Kylo the privacy to change. “You’re not going to stay and watch?” Kylo asks and Hux knows it is bait attempting to get a rise out of him. Or perhaps to trap him into saying something that will allow Kylo to smugly be right about his intentions. “I am sure you don’t need my help to dress yourself yet Ren.” It works as both a dismissal as well as a reminder that soon Kylo will need Hux’s help with things and that while he may have the power in the relationship currently it will not remain that way. Kylo shoots him a glare before turning around and tugging the shirt of his robes off. Hux takes the cue and returns to the inside of the ship. Two days later a blunt razor makes Hux finally give up on trying to prevent a beard from growing. He supposes he should have packed more but hadn’t much thought about it when he had been packing to leave. He guesses he assumed by now they would be somewhere where he could obtain more. Maybe it is for the best. Most people who had known him had only ever seen him clean shaven. Kylo’s mask kept his identity secret but Hux supposes he should do something to prevent himself from being recognised. He tosses the razor to the side to be dumped off the ship later before hearing the sounds of the ramp being lowered echo through the ship. It’s Kylo, dressed once more in his thick robes that Hux only just allowed back on the ship after they had the stench of swamp water washed out of them and dried again. “Where are you going?” “Out,” Kylo replies as if to only antagonise Hux. “Where to?” He doesn’t understand what it is about the swamp that seems to call both Kylo and Millicent into it. Although a part of him doesn’t care – anything that involves the swamp is something he wants to avoid. “It doesn’t involve you yet.” “What do you mean yet?” Hux knows it was a slip of the tongue but he isn’t going to ignore it if it will allow him to get more information about something that will involve him at some point. “As you said – soon enough I will need your help with some tasks,” Kylo replies, his hand lightly resting on his stomach. They hadn’t actually really talked about it in the past few days, both so caught up in their own jobs and the want to get off the planet. Sure, it was something that Hux thought about every time he saw Kylo. Thought about both what would happen when his body started to adjust in order to give the child room as well as what they were going to do once the child was actually born. He supposes this is just another moment of them speaking around it rather than of it. “I’ll be back before nightfall,” Kylo says and then descends the ramp and disappears into the forest. Hux finds ways to spend the time. The main living area of the ship is mostly organised now, the items that are worthless tossed outside and those of value kept. Hux supposes he should probably start going through the storage compartments of the ship to see what other items are on board that might be of value. He knows what the officer supplies are but not as much the stock aimed for lower parts of the hierarchy. It wasn’t his job to oversee what was packed for Stormtroopers for their journeys. He decides that is a task for the next day, and finds himself gravitating towards the open bottle of Whiskey. He is packing it away again when Kylo returns. Ren once more is drenched in the waters of the swamp but this time he is carrying things with him: two woven bags made from vines. One carrying fish, the other some kind of tuber. Food. Kylo has brought home food. “Where did you get that?” Hux asks, walking down the ramp to meet Ren half-way. He wonders if he can actually bring himself to stop Kylo from walking into the ship, swamp-soaked and all, seeing as he has brought with him an offer of food that isn’t rations. “I set up nets a couple of days ago and started trying to find where the tubers grew. Found them today between checking what was caught in the nets.” “Where did you get the nets from?” Hux didn’t remember Kylo taking anything with him when the left the days prior. “I found some at...” Ren pauses, glancing back into the forest, and suddenly the terror is back in his eyes. “I found some. They were decayed a bit but I managed to patch them up with some vines. They won’t last for long.” Hopefully they wouldn’t be on the planet for much longer. Of course, Hux notices that Kylo isn’t making that comment. He wonders if it is something that is meant to be implied or if Ren is keeping something about the damaged ship part from him. “So are you going to take these and go get me clothes or are we just going to stand here forever?” Hux stares at the bags hanging from Kylo’s hand, and, more specifically, the water dripping from their contents. There was no way to stop the swamp water from ending up in the ship unless he wants all his meals prepared off it. He’ll just have to deal with it until they can sell the ship. “Just come in,” he says and Kylo grins like he’s won. Hux supposes in this matter he has. He still sends Kylo off to get changed once inside while he starts preparing the food. Just because he’s allowed the water onto the ship doesn’t mean he wants to spend a meal seated across from someone still drenched in it. Ren doesn’t even protest the order, nor have any sarcastic comment for him, so Hux supposes he wants out of the clothing as much as Hux wants him out of it. Hux never considered himself an amazing cook, and, if he was perfectly honest, avoided the task for the most part. He knows how to gut and prepare a fish though, and how to prepare the tubers into something edible. It would certainly taste better than the ration bars no matter how poor his culinary talents. Kylo soon shows up, changed out of the swamp water soaked clothing and dry. He takes the fish Hux had placed to the side for storing and starts wrapping them up. “I think I found the aquifer nearby. I’ll connect the ship up to it tomorrow to refill our water supplies.” They had been saving water but they both know that the ships supply will soon run out. It wasn’t designed to be solely relied on for so long. “How much longer do you think before you can fix the ship?” They’ve both been avoiding the question but Hux knows they cannot keep dancing around it forever. Either they will soon be off the planet or have to face the reality that they would not be leaving by their own power. Kylo, once again, chooses to ignore the question. Hux supposes he will allow him his silence in trade for actual food. The fish and tubers are far from the tastiest meal in Hux’s life, but it is the best they have eaten in the past few days. The next day Hux finds Kylo half-buried underneath the controls of the ship. Millicent sitting on the pilot’s chair watching him. It’s probably the most interesting thing that has happened in her life for a while, unless there is something more entertaining in the forest for her that Hux does not know about. “What are you doing?” A bang echoes under the console causing Millicent to scramble out of the room, and Kylo crawls out from under it. When he sees Hux the panic in his eyes fades and is replaced with anger. “What do you want?” “You weren’t in your room.” Hux explains, taking a seat in the co-pilot’s chair. “I wondered where you had ended up.” “Why because you have to always know where I am?” A part of Hux feels like pointing out the Supreme leader had ordered a tracking device placed in Kylo’s robes for that very purpose. Then he remembers that it is perhaps one of the reasons Ren wanted to flee in the first place. “I just thought you might have gone on another of your walks.” “Hungry already?” Kylo asks smugly, before disappearing back under the console. “No.” Even if he was, there is still food left over from Kylo’s trip the day before. The sound of electronics sparking drags his focus back on his original question. “What are you doing under there?” “Looking for this,” Kylo replies after pulling himself out again, a piece of wiring in his hand. “What do you need that for?” “To hopefully replace some of the broken parts of the piece.” To hopefully get the ship working again. Hux is glad at least some progress is being made on it. “I shall leave you to it then.” Kylo doesn’t give a reply just pushes past before returning to his room, the door shutting behind him. Hux stares through the view of the ship into the forest and swampland realising he has no task to immediately turn his attention to. Reaching up to his pocket he remembers that he had used up the last of his cigarettes. He gets up and goes to find the bottle of Whiskey. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 8 of the Prompt Fics series