(Y/N)= Your Name (L/N)= Last Name "Isn't this the freshest, most lovely protein bar you've ever seen?" You waved the item in question around and hoped that, if you moved it fast enough, the average passerby wouldn't be able to see the tiny particles of dust clinging to it from when you accidentally dropped it onto the dirty floor of Rec Room E. An officer stepped closer to get a better look at the wonderful spectacle comprised of a persuasive young woman, surprise cafeteria meat, and maybe a stray hair or two. "Ah, I see I've caught your interest! This delicious meal, all in a compact and neat loaf might I add, can be yours for a mere fee of ten credits!" At first he stepped back, then bursted out into hysterical laughter. You frowned, dropping your hands to the side. He stumbled down the hall, holding his sides to keep them from splitting as his nasally cackling permeated through the halls. "Nerfherder," you muttered. Almost as soon as he rounded the corner, all sounds of a taun taun getting the air squeezed out of it stopped. You heard a strict voice with a clipped accent and clear quality, and you paled. Turning on your heel, you began to speed walk down the hall. You were almost at the end when- "Lieutenant (L/N)!" Kriff. You slowly turned to face a stoic man fast approaching, and he was sporting fiery hair that only he (and a select few ewoks) could pull off. "General, I-" He held up a hand, and your voice was caught in your throat. "How many times must I tell you not to solicit your uneaten lunch items?" You looked down at your regulation boots, and you could faintly see the rubber moving as you anxiously wiggled your toes. "I'm sorry, sir, I needed to, uh..." Hux raised an eyebrow expectantly. "I just needed a bit of extra cash to go spend time with my colleagues tomorrow night." "Do we not pay you enough?" "No, sir, I just spent all my pocket money on, er..." "Well?" "... special edition Photon Fizzle." A small group of technicians sped past, giving you a mixture of sympathetic and weird looks. The general let out a heavy sigh and massaged his temples. "Why must you be so..." He made a flourish in your direction. Your face heated in embarrassment, and you, against your better judgment, looked up at him. His sea green eyes were clouded with the knowledge of misplaced expectations, and you immediately felt more ashamed that you had been. You hadn't thought that was possible. Hux simply frowned, then continued down the hall. As soon as he was out of sight, you quickly turned around and sped down the hall, absently rubbing the back of your neck as you mumbled to yourself. "Stupid general... stupid cheekbones... stupid perfectly gelled hair... stupid immaculate uniform..." You were about to step into the hall that led to your quarters when you heard someone call your first name. You turned around to see one of your buddies jogging toward you, his oversized glasses flashing under the fluorescent lights. "Hey, (Y/N)!" "Hey, Matt. What's up?" "I heard that Hux yelled at you today." "I thought you didn't talk to the other technicians." "I don't. They just happen to speak loudly. They said that you spent all of your credits on Photon Fizzle." "That's not even gossip worthy." "There's not much to talk about lately." You drag your hand down your face, groaning as you pull your bottom lip down to reveal your gums. You remove your hand to jab Matt in the chest, and it snaps back over your teeth. "Why don't you mind your own business, technician? I made a good purchase, and you know what? I was saving you some, but now I'm drinking it as soon as I get into my room. So how do you like that?" His nose twitched, and he shrugged. "At least I'm not broke." You let out an irritated growl, balled your hands into fists, and stomped down the hall until you reached the door to your quarters, stumbled into the room, and plopped onto the firm bed. You rolled over and stared at the bunk above you belonging to your roommate, and you sighed. "Stupid grey jumpsuit." Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) (h/c)=hair color You didn't even know you had gone to sleep until your alarm went off and you shot straight up, hitting your head on the top bunk. Your roommate yelped and started grumbling about how bad things happen to good people, then pulled the covers over her head. Wait. Your alarm only went off at 0400. You scrambled to get your datapad off of your bedside table, only to see that you had slept from lunch through to the next morning. You unlocked it to see a message from the general, and your heart dropped. 0430. My office. You let out a screech and ran into the refresher, taking the fastest shower in the history of the Finalizer. You threw on your uniform, checked yourself in the mirror, and dashed down the hall. It was 0428 by the time you got to the office door, and you were panting loudly. You took around 45 seconds to compose yourself, then requested entry. The door immediately slid open, and you stepped into a dim room with three walls and one huge window overlooking the velvety expanse of space. Only a lamp was illuminating the room, and that lamp sat on a large mahogany desk, and behind that desk sat a high back nerf leather chair, and in that chair sat a man with dark rings under his eyes. He gestured to the smaller, black stool in front of his desk, and you gingerly took a seat. "(L/N), I have been very patient with you. I have seen you serving the First Order with fervor, carrying out your duties with maximum efficiency, and I am very grateful for that." The corners of your lips lifted slightly, but Hux frowned in turn. "What I am not grateful for, however, are your childish antics. When not working, you seem to forget that you are on a military base among competent adults. You seem to think that, simply because you serve the most powerful force in the galaxy, you don't have to care for yourself aside from what we provide you." Your head had lowered, and you were focused on the seams around your coat's cuffs. "Are you a child parading around in an adult's body? Is that what you are? There is no other feasible explanation for your antics. Just know that I am extremely disappointed in you, and will no longer go easy on you. You are to remain in your quarters for the next two cycles. Your meals will be brought to you, and if you are found outside of your living space within the next 48 hours, you will be sent to reconditioning. Dismissed." For a moment, you simply sat and stared. The general cleared his throat and you rose out of the chair, walking back across the vast office to the door. "Oh, and Officer (L/N)? You turned around to look at Hux, putting all of your effort into keeping your composure. "Ensure that your uniform is spotless from here on out." You looked down at yourself, saw nothing, and scowled. You had no idea what he was talking about, but you did not intend on staying to find out. "Yes, sir." With that, you slipped out of the room and made your way to one of the elevators. Once you had made it back to your quarters, you stepped into the refresher, slammed the door, and turned to the mirror. Your (h/c) hair was dull, undernourished by the standard shampoo that you owned, and your lips were dry and split. Your eyes trailed to your roommate's side of the counter with all of her name brand cosmetics, and you scoffed. "Why even bother with that when you could buy any snack food that you want?" With that, you snatched her mint lip balm off of the counter and applied it to your chapped lips, flicking off the bits of your dead skin when you were done. After you replaced the tube on the right side of the sink, you looked up at yourself once more, and something caught your eye. Hanging off of the side of your left hip was a green label reading "Limited Edition Photon Fizzle!" in a rather flamboyant font. You ripped it off of your coat and grasped it roughly in your gloved hands. The sound of tearing paper soon filled the tiny washroom, followed by incoherent yelling. The walls were not soundproof, but you really didn't care. You just assumed that the monotony of the Finalizer's halls would keep your quarters, and by proxy identity, safe. Unbeknownst to you, however, your roommate was pressing her ear to the door and had a bewildered look on her face. In your blind rage, you had not noticed that she had never left her bunk. She looked over at her grey jumpsuits hanging in your shared closet, and one side of her mouth quirked upward. She couldn't wait to tell the others. Notes: ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Contrary to popular belief, getting to stay in a room all day with no engagements to worry about was painfully dull. You would think that being able to sleep in and lay around for two days would be a welcomed break, but after an hour and a half of not sorting documents or sending covert messages to Matt or Dopheld, you felt like tearing out your eyelashes. Your wonderful, roommate's mascara covered eyelashes. After she had left this morning, you helped yourself to her sea of high-end makeup, going as far as contouring your face. The weird thing was that she was half Twi'lek, so her pale blue foundation didn't really work out for you, but you would forsake organization for the pioneering of this ship's fashion. After that, you donned a bright red paisley bandana, put multiple black headbands on over said bandana, and laid out in the middle of the small room's floor. And you'd been there ever since. It was now 1230, and you had spent that entire time trying to count all of the scuffs on your floor from when you and your roommate, who was named Zora, would have late-night shuffleboarding tournaments. You were in the mid 300s when your recreational datapad pinged, and you cursed yourself for losing count. You proceeded to scoot over to your bedside table, and all the while your back was still on the ground and collecting random food and lint particles. When you took the electronic and unlocked it, the screen lit up with the message, slightly obscuring the background image of a puppy and kitten sitting next to each other with the words "BFFs furever" spanning across the bottom. Mitaka: I heard you got reprimanded by the general for buying all of that weird soda and had a mental breakdown. What did I say about mindless spending and diabetes over 50? You furrowed your eyebrows and opened the messaging system. (L/N): How in the galaxy did you find that out? Mitaka: A technician. (L/N): Matt's such a gossip. Mitaka: I never said it was him. (L/N): You guys spend the night in each other's cabins often enough, so you don't have to. No answer. You mentally patted yourself on the back, then wondered why he was embarrassed. Both he and Matt would blush and start tripping over their words whenever in the other man's presence, and everyone knew, even Phasma. You don't know how, but she knew. The two were so cute together, and you were just counting down the days until they made their not-so-subtle relationship officially public. Your datapad made an alert noise, and you looked at the screen. Mitaka: So what are you doing to pass the time in there? A chuckle. (L/N): I've mainly been sitting and trying to recognize my sins before the inevitable Rapture, but I just can't recall anything that I've done wrong. I'm just so perfect. Mitaka: What about that weird thing you have for Hux? A lot of the things you've told me you want him to do to you are quite hell-worthy, wouldn't you say? (L/N): Hey, I was going through a weird period in my life. Mitaka: That was less than a week ago. (L/N): And I'm a changed woman now! I have seen the light of the Maker, and I know that what I said was weird and possibly illegal, so let me live! Just after you sent that, somehow, an unrecognized serial number joined the conversation. 00001: Lieutenants (L/N) and Mitaka, please keep in mind that every message sent within the Finalizer's walls can be read by me, so I suggest that you begin filtering your conversations. If I can see it, I imagine that the technicians can as well, and we all know how much they talk. (L/N): Yes, sir. Mitaka: Yes, sir. The general's number vanished from the conversation, and both the datapads and the individuals behind them stayed silent for a while, then it rang. Mitaka: Matt just messaged me. They know. Notes: I can't be stopped. Notes: Hi there! As this is my first fanfiction and I'm hella eager to please, I would love to see constructive criticism in the comments, as well as any other things that you might want to express. So... yeah. Let the shitfest begin!