that he should weep for her Notes: For Hecuba! What’s Hecuba to him or he to Hecuba That he should weep for her? from Hamlet ; Act II, Scene 2 (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Chasing madness was easy. Avoiding it was not. Hux’s mother had taught him that much. He didn’t know much about her. All Hux knew was that she was beautiful, that she was a scullery maid, and that she was dead. There was a photo -- old, fringing, barely hanging on. It was printed on organic paper, see, because that was romantic (and gravely stupid -- he could hardly make out the fine details anymore). The photo was of his mother standing next to his father, and they were both beaming. Or, rather, Hux assumed that Brendol was beaming. His father’s face was turned to the sea behind them, his greying red hair blowing over his cheek to mask his expression. His mother was facing right at the camera, teeth bared in a grin, with a natural rouge staining her lips and cheeks and a careful wind plucking at the edges of her fading skirts. Hux never dwelled on why his parents did what they did. They weren’t married. They knew each other for only a few days, and all based on chance. And that was that. Hux is the proof of their adultery, but he has succeeded in ways no other young man will. He is not the “slip of paper” Brendol had murmured of in a drunken stupor, nor the “ungrateful trash” his Fake Mother accused him of when she had her breakdowns. He was General A. Hux, the youngest high ranking officer the First Order had to offer. He would not ruin himself for the whims his birth parents had pursued. He would cover his upper arm with the First Order band, in declaration of his faith in the Order -- not in whims and possibilities and false promises. Or, well, that's what he told people. Or what they understood without being told. It was sad how easy the temptation was. How simple it was to untie the band that clung to his soft flesh under his uniform. How wonderful it felt to gaze upon the stilted, carefully scrawled First Words. He shivered when he ghosted fingers over the dark nest of words. Tried not to press on it, terrified of what might happen if he did -- Hey, aren't you the General? Stars. His knees nearly buckled beneath him. Sometimes he wondered if that was why he pushed himself so hard. To achieve the rank of General. To impress his Soulmate, whoever they were. So that he could say Yes, and who are you? when he met them. So they would fear him and love him, and he could have his cake and eat it, too. Oh, stars -- Hux didn't know if he wanted a Soulmate or not. He recaptured his breath, steadied himself with a palm to the mirror. Perspiration beaded along his hairline, and the mirror began to fog around his thin fingers. Hux knew the rewards and the risks. He just didn't know which outweighed the other. There were, as always, a few close calls before the One. He'd thought it might've been Captain Phasma, at first. (It was funny now, looking back on it.) She was beautiful, and her chrome armor had stolen his breath. Fiercely capable, admirably responsible, and surprisingly wise -- he'd read her file dozens of times before meeting her, an almost legend --, he would've loved her to be his. (Some nights before her arrival, he found himself aching with anticipation. He’d stare at her portfolio, her blazing blue eyes gleaming back at him. Watching, knowing. He knew she was important, somehow. Not only to the First Order but to him. She was the One. She had to be.) He met her on the bridge, a cycle or two into the preliminary construction of Starkiller Base. The Supreme Leader had called her in himself, impressed by her many victories. She strode in without escorts, simply herself, blazing and -- stars, he was weak! -- crushing his lungs and ribs with a single gaze, now that she was real. She carried no weapon, yet rendered him paralyzed in a flat second. “Captain Phasma, reporting for duty,” she'd said stiffly. Her voice was metallic, radiating through her chrome helmet. “I pledge my allegiance now to the Finalizer, to Starkiller Base, and to their commander.” Oh. Oh, no. It came out far too strangely, almost unnaturally. And the Words were all wrong. (Briefly, Hux had wondered if perhaps she thought him to be hers. He wasn't. Obviously.) The unexpected Not First Words nearly crushed him then and there, and perhaps she sensed it. It took him a good five seconds to say evenly, “General Hux. Thank you for your service.” Luckily, no one else had sensed something off. The bridge officers clicked away at their screens as usual, and operations on Starkiller Base carried on, even without their General's constant focus. Later, when the two were in private, Hux offered her a drink, which the then armorless Captain stiffly accepted. He apologized first. “I had -- My hopes had been raised. For no reason. I'm sorry if I made you uncomfortable --” “It's fine,” Captain Phasma interrupted, her rich accent silencing the reddened General. “It was my fault, as well.” Hux nodded numbly at that. Four quick drinks later, and the two were on friendly terms. It all figured itself in the end. The First Order didn't condemn the pursuit of Soulmates. In fact, it reluctantly encouraged it. Soulmates had existed since the dawn of time, and ridding of such a well-loved tradition, no matter how fanciful it might be, would completely ruin their chances of success and recruitment. Besides, Soulmates were often found within ranks. It was strange how it turned out as such -- but Hux never questioned what didn't need to be, and he accepted the blessing for what it was. So maybe he dreamed of finding his own, as well. He was not the cold and calculating persona he exuded (not all of the time, in any case). His life seemed to follow his work, and he never had time for much trivialities, but maybe. Maybe his Soulmate could be the exception. Someone who would love him unconditionally, beyond his title or name or whatever it was. Someone he could trust no matter what, someone he didn't have to paint a mask for. Sometimes it seemed like too much. Could anyone really be that person for another? (Hux would be, in a heartbeat, if it meant he could have a person like that of his own.) His father could hardly blamed him, anyhow. Not when Armitage was birthed by a scullery maid. There was another close call, with Kylo Ren. Hux supposed he'd always been attracted to power, but this was different. And it lasted longer than the brief infatuation with Phasma. When Kylo Ren entered a room, you simply had to notice. There was no avoiding his gaze, nor his wrath. Even Hux, who wasn't the slightest Force-sensitive, would feel pinpricks on the back of his neck when the Force-user passed. Silly him. He'd thought it was love, perhaps. And Kylo Ren never spoke a word to him, merely grunting or staring whenever he needed a reaction. (Still had everyone shaking in their boots, of course.) Would he speak the Words? Were they even his? Perhaps Hux was desperate. He didn't know what was driving his obsession with the Knight, only that something at the coil of his gut yearned for the Force user to say the Words. He was waiting for the right moment. Thank the stars Ren seemed to despise speaking. If it wasn't the right situation for him to say, Hey, aren't you the General? then Hux would turn from him and walk away. He would refuse to hear anything Ren might want to say -- unless it was the First Words. He knew it was ridiculous. Hux would go to bed ashamed every night, berating his own foolish actions and shameful weakness. But he couldn't stop himself from trying it every time. It eventually became so awful that Captain Phasma began dropping hints that he looked unwell, perhaps he should rest from work today? But no, no, don’t be silly, he was fine. Just tired, is all. Hux was just… in new waters. He usually ignored anything that proved no social or political gain to him, adopting appropriate attitudes for higher ups but largely ignoring equals and lessers. And now he had to exert effort over the Knight, for what? A good fuck? Hux despaired now, in his office, head in hands. Who was he kidding? What was he expecting? Who would love him -- who could love anyone -- conditionally? It wasn't real. Soulmates weren't real. The words tattooed to his arm meant nothing. “Are you quite done sniffling?” Hux found, to his horror, a damp track staining his cheek. “Soulmates are not nerf fodder. They exist, Hux. But it's not that reckless bastard. I can tell.” Captain Phasma sat across from him now, no armor, in his huge and empty office. Or whatever it was. It was largely ornamental and more indicative of status than anything, and -- And that wasn't the problem at hand. Phasma had come in to talk to him about his health, which was sad because that meant Hux hadn't been as careful as he'd thought, and that had dissolved into an actual discussion of feelings. (Disgusting. Weak. Careless, something whispered.) Hux croaked. He'd meant to laugh. “And how would you know about Soulmates? They are nothing more than a random straw to draw from a basket. With a universe of beings, there's no way everyone could find their soulmate --” “I did.” Oh? Hux unfolded his legs slowly, leaned forward. He dared not blink. She could not have -- when could she have -- why her and not him -- who could -- how did -- when -- He examined her face, searched her eyes for the telltale crinkle of a lie. The large captain stared him down, her features not budging. Captain Phasma was frighteningly serious. “General, I kept this from you because I would have preferred my work and personal life remain separate.” “Of course, Captain,” Hux whispered. He did not move. Their faces were half inches apart. Neither officer displayed any sense of discomfort. “I met her last year, at a fallen memorial of the Emperor. One of the historical, artfully sculpted ones destroyed by the Rebellion.” Her tone was wistful; for the memory of her First Words or in appreciation of Sheev Palpatine, Hux could not say. “She was reading an engraving. I stumbled into her, we exchanged minor pleasantries -- and then she said the Words.” The captain trailed off there, a ghost of a smile dancing across her lips. There was a strangely youthful glow to her cheeks. Hux wondered if everyone was like this, or if this was just a Phasma that he'd not yet been privy to. The side where the captain could surrender to affection. After seconds of silence spent in anxiety, Hux prompted, “What was it like?” He leaned back in his chair now, and wondered worriedly if he'd overstepped himself. There was a tinge of embarrassment to his ears now, but he dismissed the reaction as nonsense. Which it most certainly was. Phasma ignored him, and continued in an almost dreamlike wonderment. It was uncharacteristic and sobered Hux up some. “When I recognized the Words, I nearly began to cry. It was such a wonderful feeling. It's not something you can experience twice, Hux --” She paused, struggled to return to composure. Took a deep breath, closed her eyes briefly. “It's like - like having your heart seized and released, like a rush of energy from a warm cup of caf, like seeing the stars burn brightly and knowing that it's all somehow for you.” Hux listened and Hux processed and Hux was disappointed. The general moved slowly and deliberately. Opening the bottom drawer along his desk, he pulled out a smooth, obsidian box. His shaking fingers undid the golden clasps, fumbling over the small mechanics. He poured a glass from the decanter ever present on his desk. The cold, cold galaxy opened behind him and drew him into a loose embrace. There, there. Phasma watched, the stars fading from her eyes, as Hux took a swig of whiskey. “What are you doing?” “Soulmates are shit and can go to hell,” Hux said very pleasantly. The murmur of the amber alcohol agreed. And everything did get fucked up and go to a blazing, horrific hell. Hux had heard that Soulmates were a result of a very strong Force tie. The Force connected everything, and somehow, two beings could get bound together more tightly than usual. Alright. Sure. Why not? He couldn’t see the ties himself. No normal being could. But... There were rumors. He’d heard whispers of great and powerful Force users being able to track down Soulmates for the unfortunate. Even if the Soulmate was dead, they could find them. Allow the living partner to say goodbye to a person they never knew, but somehow knew all their lives. Stars, it was all so confusing. And upsetting. And Hux just wanted to know, and now he had an opportunity. (Somewhere, deep down, maybe he worried that the One was dead. He was 34 and still hadn't found Them -- it wasn't unlikely. Saddening, disappointing, crushing -- possible.) Hux paused outside the nondescript door. He hesitated. Would this be an abuse of power? Maybe . But would it be worth it? A more slow maybe . Hux shifted his greatcoat on his shoulders, and raised a neatly gloved hand to knock at the door. He hoped, prayed, that he would make it out alive. A deep breath -- in, out -- and he tapped at the -- “Come in, General.” Hux shivered before he could stop himself. A chill had run down his spine at Ren’s voice, and he thought to himself, Those were not the words. He knew it wouldn’t happen. He’d prepared himself, thought to himself fiercely, every night, it will not happen it will not happen it will not -- “Good evening, Lord Ren.” He was sitting on his bed, in the corner of the small chamber. Everything was black and glassy, and it gave Hux something of a headache. He didn’t know how he could sleep in such an eerie room. There was a dish of what looked like ashes on the table, after all. Ren appraised him, face calm and unyielding. “What did you need?” He offered neither drink nor seat, and Hux barely managed to conceal his annoyance. “It’s a very personal matter,” Hux began, “and it’s not something I want getting out amongst the troopers or officers --” Ren waved a hand impatiently. Hux realized then, belatedly, that the Knight was strangely underdressed. He had on a black tank-top, not unlike something a trooper would wear, and loose black pants. He looked… comfortable. And Hux looked woefully overdressed. “Of course not. You wouldn’t come to me otherwise. But…” He trailed off, a shrewd and infuriatingly cocky glint in his eyes. “...that’s not it. You require assistance no one else on this ship can give you. You need the Force.” “Yes. Fine.” Hux crossed his arms, something about this affair setting him on edge. He wasn’t sure if it was the situation or if Ren simply gave everyone this awful, terrible feeling -- the feeling of being picked apart, minutely, every minute he spent around the awful, terrible man. “Soulmates,” Ren prompted. “Stop that.” “It’s written all over you.” “ Stop .” “Fine, fine.” Ren closed his eyes. “He’s on the Finalizer.” Hux’s heart skipped a beat. No, it lept into his throat. Or maybe it had caught fire, because something horrific was happening to it and he couldn’t tell and he didn’t want to know because it felt dangerously wonderful. “What?” “You should really close your mouth,” Ren advised. He popped one eye back open, a self-satisfied grin eating up his face. Hux could feel his hands shaking -- with rage, nerves, and Ren. “Have you been spying on me?” he hissed. “The Supreme Leader will hear of --” “Hardly,” Ren said lazily. He uncrossed his legs and leapt lithely off the bed, landing with a soft thud. “Please. I noticed you noticing me --” Hux scoffed loudly at this, even though he knew that it was (sadly) true, “-- and checked to see if you were mine. You weren’t.” “Checked?” Hux echoes, doubt lacing his words. Ren rolled his eyes. Hux decided he never, ever wanted to see him do that again. “It’s not as simple as it sounds.” “I should think not.” Ren shrugged. He walked a couple steps closer to Hux, and stared him down. It was disconcerting and Hux wanted him to maybe walk away, but he couldn’t back down from such a clear challenge. His arms were still crossed, and he stayed as frozen as humanly possible. “Then how did you know it was someone on the Finalizer?” “I don’t know who it is specifically,” Ren admitted. “All I know was that I saw the tie floating down the halls of the Finalizer. I saw that, and then I passed out.” Hux raised an eyebrow pointedly. “You drained yourself like that just to see if I was your Soulmate?” “I just wanted to know!” Ren said, suddenly on the defensive. “I…” “You could’ve just said something to me.” Ren huffed. “As if! You always avoid me!” “You sound like a child,” Hux informed him, fighting back a grin. He forgot whatever annoyance Ren had been previously -- this was far too amusing! Snoke’s apprentice, practically throwing a tantrum. He peeled himself out of the Knight's shadow, and moved to show himself out of the room. “Shut up.” “Thank you,” Hux said casually, tossing it over his shoulder like a wilted flower to a mediocre opera singer. He pressed the button to open the door, enjoying the whoosh of cool air as it opened and ignoring the frustrated groans from Ren behind him. Today had been a good day. Notes: Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed part one! :) Feedback is greatly appreciated; drop a comment? (say hi to me on tumblr ) **Also, quick warning, the rating might go up. Chapter 2 : when i'm coming home Notes: I've lost my track, I'm so alone; I don't know when I'm coming home. There's nothing that I'd rather do, Than spend some time alone with you. from “Poolside” by Moons of Mars (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Poe had the most rotten luck sometimes. Or always. He was cursed, after all: He had some of the worst First Words in the galaxy. Some people had really excellent First Words. A buddy of his, an older TIE pilot called K, had the Words, Come back for -- oh, sorry, you're not Al. Thank the stars K had a sense of humor. Those were some of the funniest Words Poe'd ever seen, and some of the most unique. There was no way they'd miss each other. Poe, on the other hand. The words that wrapped around his tricep in the most beautiful handwriting he’d ever seen were almost laughably generic. It’s -- oh, stars -- it’s you. It was a reply, likely to whatever he said first. And he had no idea what he would say. He couldn't even guess their tone. And Poe was good at reading people. Poe liked talking. Sometimes he couldn't stop doing it. Even if he met the Kylo Ren, he'd be all, “So who talks first? I talk first? You talk first?” and it'd be awkward as hell -- but who knows, maybe his Soulmate was Kylo Ren. Honestly, imagining that creep having to walk around with words like that tattooed down his arm was kind of funny. Anyway. He was checking up on a TIE fighter, fiddling with the controls and adjusting whatever needed to be fixed before take-off. She was a real beauty. She was also very new, and her paint job was flawlessly done, reflecting angles and lights with perfect clarity. The TIE all but gleamed with pride, ready to see some action. Too bad they refused to send rookie out. Also, he'd never actually flown one of these before, which was probably bad. But also not really his problem. His supervisor was the lazy sort. Lieutenant Pike had seen that his simulations were perfect and waved him off to the higher-ups without a second thought. Strangely enough, they just took the senile man at his word and transferred Poe from the Academy to the Finalizer -- even though he'd only flown old TIE fighters and other smaller, less complicated vehicles. And… now he was there. And not really doing anything. He was a reserve pilot, so he wouldn’t be flying any missions soon. Everyday was the same -- wake up, eat whatever sustenance they gave him and the other pilots, mess around with the simulations, eat another round of sustenance, combat practice, sustenance, sleep. Then wake up and do it all again. (Sometimes, if he was lucky, he'd get to work on a TIE fighter -- like now. He was really just cleaning it and checking the controls, but he was so close to flying. So close.) He and the other pilots always kept their Words covered. For some it was a traditional thing -- he’d heard that some cultures on the Outer Rim forbade people from ever looking at their Words. More extreme cultures even burned them off. Which was cool, like, you do you -- but Poe couldn't imagine not having First Words. Even if his were the most common words ever, they were a quiet reassurance that someone could love him indefinitely. And that he'd get really great sex one day. Poe wasn't too worried about finding him (or her, but he had a funny feeling that that wasn't happening). Most people eventually found their Soulmates. The universe -- the Force, depending on who you asked -- most always brought Soulmates together. It happened so often on the Finalizer that people eventually stopped caring. K had told him that the lower officers used to throw small, secret parties during the first cycles on board, but then there were too many for them to stay secret any longer. Plus, Kylo Ren joined them and he was terrifying. Nobody wanted to throw parties with him and his mystical powers around. He'd probably bend all their minds and take their booze for himself. He needed it, really. Poe hopped down from the TIE fighter, not bothering with the step ladder. Unfortunately, that meant he stumbled a bit, but he soon regained his balance in what he was sure was the most suave and natural way possible. It didn't involve any arm-waving, and definitely did not involve him nearly stumbling into a round-ish lieutenant with dark hair and a nervous disposition. (He tried apologizing, really.) “Someone's distracted,” K said, voice flat through the modulator. Even when not on call to fly, all pilots were required to wear their helmets -- like the Troopers. Poe shrugged. “What can I say? I'm a loose cannon.” K gave a sharp bark of laughter. He leaned against the TIE fighter he'd been checking up on, probably smudging its beautiful mirror-like surface. (Poe winced at that.) “Better not let the General hear that. He's got a tight cannon up his arsehole.” Poe played his part and laughed along, but it didn't quite feel right. He'd only met the General once before, and that was barely as is. The redheaded man had delivered a welcome speech for him and the rest of the recruits -- an impressive speech, to be sure, but delivered with an air of distraction. Obviously, he hadn't wanted to be there. It was subtle, of course. Everyone knew how much the General loved to hear himself speak. But Poe had always been good at reading people, and even if the General was like a heavily censored sheet of paper, there was enough for him to go by. Still -- even Kylo Ren was easier to read, and he was supposed to be magical. It was quiet in the simulations room. It was dimly lit, too, and there was a stack of TIE pilot helmets on the front table, loosely scattered and casually abandoned. This -- this bizarre form of entertainment -- was their downtime, and they fully intended to take advantage of it. The more advanced simulation experiences were kept at the Academy, and rightly so, but the Finalizer boasted a good amount of decent ones. Still, there were few that Poe hadn't scored highest for -- yet. The Finalizer was mainly stationed above Starkiller Base for the meantime, so there was very little to do but for the bored new pilots to try to beat each other at simulations. On the screen now was a speeder chase through the forests of Endor. Even though he was assigned to be a TIE pilot, high command wanted all pilots to be able to fly most vehicles. And besides, the agility of the speeder would be good practice for highspeed spacecraft chases. Poe eyes were glued to the screen with intent, hands firm on the controls but fingers loose. Deep breaths, deep breaths, focus -- “Gentlemen! Fall in line!” Poe groaned, and he threw the controls aside in disgust, pulling off his headset with hardly contained disappointment. His fellows cried out in dismay, having been emotionally invested in Poe's success. Their tragic chorus was enough to make any grown man relent. Unfortunately, this was a grown woman and her name was Captain Phasma. The Captain eyed them all coldly from behind her helmet. She strode into the room, black-and-red cape flowing behind her as her chrome armor glistened in the low light. Somehow, instead of making her look melodramatic and tacky, it made Captain Phasma glow like a great and terrible goddess of war. Poe didn't know much about women, but even he knew that she was fiercely beautiful. Damn. He and the rest of the pilots moved with a little more haste to line themselves up. “I'm calling upon you now to let you know that each of the new recruit pilots will be evaluated tomorrow on your ability to both fly and gun a TIE fighter.” She paced in front of them -- slowly, languidly. “We, those of high command, expect you to be in top performance. If you do not perform to our expectations, you will be sent to… Reconditioning.” Poe was sure he'd pass -- he had the highest scores on most all of the simulations -- but he couldn't help but feel anxious. His palms were sweating, and he knew his forehead was damp. What if he failed? What if he'd overestimated himself, and he couldn't fly a TIE fighter after all? What would he have to face in Reconditioning? “Poe, is it?” Poe nearly jumped to attention. “Ma’am!” He forced himself to resist the urge to smooth out his uniform and comb his hair into place. Captain Phasma's chrome helmet was facing directly at him, the black eyeholes boring through his skull. “They say you're the best rookie pilot we've got. I expect great things from you.” “Ma’am!” Rigid spine, frozen expression. The Captain turned ‘round, heading back for the door. “At ease,” she said tonelessly. But the pilots stayed in lines until the door sealed behind her with a soft hiss. And then all hell broke loose. “I thought we were done with testing!” one pilot shouted. His buddy grabbed his arm, shouting something back in his ear, and bother were soon engaged in a heated discussion that wasn't nearly as loud as the surrounding chatter. K bounded over to Poe, looking healthily worried for his younger friend. “Don't worry,” the grizzled pilot reassured him, though the pinch between his brows spoke otherwise. “You'll do fine. Just forget the pressure. High command always tries to scare us lower soldiers like this.” “Us?” Poe echoed. There was something tight and squeezing in his stomach, and he tried desperately not to think of it. “K, you're not a new recruit.” “I was once,” K said. He tried on a smile, patting Poe's uniform-padded shoulder. “And trust me, you're much better than I was at your age.” That earned a weak chuckle from Poe, and K lit up at that. “There we go! That's the Poe I know!” Poe grimaced. Hux cared very, very deeply for the First Order and for Starkiller Base. But he could not see the point in his watching the new pilot recruits test in TIE fighters. He was not a pilot himself, and could offer no piece of critique during the exercise. It was hopelessly pointless for him to attend, and he made sure Phasma knew it. “General, you know procedure --” she insisted, albeit wearily. Hux huffed, uncrossing his legs in his agitation. He pulled his greatcoat a little tighter around himself, frown marring his cool features. “The procedure should be amended.” “Sir,” Phasma sighed. It was all futile. There wasn't much more she could do. The pair of them were sitting amongst a group of other officers. Some of them were higher-ups from the transportation and vehicular combat divisions, so that at least made sense. There were a couple though, who wore the same bored expressions as he did. No doubt they had more important projects to oversee. Hux was only looking after the entire Starkiller Base, no big deal. Let's just go watch some children attempt to fly instead of finalizing designs for the greatest superweapon that the New Republic will have to overcome. Stars, they were all wasting time, just sitting around in the hangar. Their sole role to play was intimidation, to mimic stress in the field. A truly terrible reason. Simulations weren't perfect, but they were near enough. This test was yet another waste of time. Just as he was about to snap back at Phasma with a witty retort of some variation, she was called away by an older pilot, who was lanky and grizzled in appearance. He whispered something to her, and she nodded sharply. She glanced at Hux, helmet betraying nothing, before returning to the seat by him. The smoke had disappeared. The grizzled old pilot disappeared. “What, are we finally ready to begin?” Hux asked tightly. He would demand the answer angrily, but that was bad form. No matter his true feelings, he must keep up appearances for -- Stars! -- a curly-haired man with wide eyes charged straight at him, barreling into him and throwing the chairs behind him back -- -- a roar of an explosion, the heat wave, the yelps -- -- fire, fire, heat, light, too bright -- -- someone was screaming, was it a woman? where was phasma? she was the shiny one -- -- there was a warm hand on his heart -- -- “Hey, aren't -- -- the roar of the fire, flames overhead and underhead -- -- you the General?” -- -- Hux, Hux, talk to me -- -- Wait. “It's -- oh, stars it was so difficult to breathe, there was wind knocked out of him from the explosion and from this. his lungs hurt. his head was on fire. his throat, it rattled. just as shaken as all else. so why now? why now? why now? -- it's you.” Brown pools met green. The pilot was sitting over Hux, blocking out the light. Hux would not complain. He was a much more pleasant sight than Hux could ever have imagined, with wonderful dark curls -- which probably wasn't regulation, but pilots had always gotten off easier, and he looked so beautiful -- and a light scruff. His eyes, even now in worry, were shining with something Hux knew he’d love forever and ever and ever. The pilot leaned in close, smiled. “I found you.” His smile was not quite sad. He smelled like the forests of Endor. Hux tried to reach out a hand, maybe to touch his face. He looked so warm and so soft. Hux could hold him tight, could rest in his arms. Would he like that? Or the other way around? Hux did not mind, either way. The pilot chuckled, pushing the outstretched arm back down. Hux was confused. Wasn't this what they were supposed to want? “General, wake up.” Notes: guess who's got their soulmaaaaate :) I hope you enjoyed this chapter!!! :') Feedback is always appreciated!