You’ve been dark for as long as you could remember. Hatred and oppression raised you from a child into a pillar of malice, long and lean like the shadow you cast on the wall. From birth, there was a malicious stirring in you, that your mother and your father, as royal as they were knew, to be a sign of terror. The Dark Side was awake inside of you and it whirled like a wild solar storm. The Jedi Order was long dead, years since the massacre left all but two alive. One Master, one padawan. To be there, to have seen the terror with your own eyes, surely you would have perished by his hand. But you were forbidden. Forbidden to leave the walls of your father’s palace, forbidden to learn the ways of the Force; especially the dark side. The news of your new found sensitivity was kept under wraps, lest you were discovered by the New Republic. Following the collapse of the Galactic Empire, the institution of the New Republic held your family captive; birds in a gilded cage. Having served the Empire, your kingdom once flourished under the rule of Emperor Palpatine and his apprentice Darth Vader. Providing soldiers, rations, and financial support, your family rode the rising tide of the Empire, gaining power by the tenfold, and return, unleashing it in the form of conquest on the galaxy. It did not last. With the destruction of the second Death Star, the fortune of your family diminished, leaving the Kellarov Dynasty, the seat of your father, in ruin. But there was still hope. The whispering in your ear spoke of a great liberation since you were young. Freedom from the chains of the New Republic; a monster in a mask to shake the foundation of the world you knew. “Visitors, your majesty,” your adviser curtsied as you walked by, falling into step with you. “Shall I prepare them an audience?” You didn’t speak, simply waved your hand, and your adviser nodded in reply. “Right away, my lady,” she hurried off down the glistening hall, heels echoing in the silence. He had come just as the prophecy stated. In the bang of the Great Hall doors, and a flurry of well aimed blaster shots, you family was free, ready to serve an alliance with a new power; a new order. You were young then, but old enough to recognize their power. You threw the doors open yourself, with a flick of your wrist and the will of the Force. Your draping sleeves settled back as your hand came down, the guards saluting you as you entered. They knew better than to be out of line. They knew they would pay with their lives; you only had to make an example once. Slamming the door behind you, you strode tall and proud to the throne; your birthright. Crystals of black glass in the chandelier lining the hall glistened with the light of the red sun of Kellarov Prime. As you passed, the shoulders of the guards snapped into place with a click of their heels. When you reached the end of the hall, you climbed the stairs to your father’s throne. One step at a time, you rose to the great height of the throne, properly adjusted to accommodate one seat; yours and yours alone. Your parents were never around anyway. Turning around, you smoothed your velvet robes, and when you took your seat, you felt the relief rise from the guards. You were the princess: Only daughter of Queen Sera and King Tiberius Kellarov, commander of the Dark Royal Army, a summer blossom tainted by darkness of the new order. As beautiful as you were terrible, this new chaos gave rise to your new identity, an identity that was one with the Dark Side of the Force and all of its monstrous parts. The door opened again and your adviser let it shut behind her. She cleared her throat, clutching her data pad to her chest,“Commander Kylo Ren and General Hux of the First Order.” Your mother was right. Having opened galactic airspace to one 'Finalizer' that morning meant that you would come face to face with him soon. Gripping the arms of your throne, you raised your head, letting your own majesty empower your words: “Bring them in.” Chapter 2 The doors swung open and in they came, boots clicking against the mirrored floor as they approached. All at once, the royal guard snapped to attention, an eerie silence vibrating through the throne room. Leading the way was General Hux, that viper of a man, looking as sharp as you last remembered him. His orange hair was slicked down to one side, not a single lock out of place; his cap clenched in the fist behind his back. He was followed by the commander, his less than elegant counter part. Dressed all in black, like the day you met him was Commander Kylo Ren. He was much taller than you remembered--the weight of his swagger disturbed the Force like an alien crocodile stomping through the shallows of a lake as black as night. What used to be his cape was nothing more than a tattered cowl that collected around his neck. And his mask, once shining and new was now dull, scratched and dented. He didn't bother looking at anything else in the room but you as he walked, downing the sight of you like a dose of bitter medicine. You could feel the way you burned down his throat in the way his breathing pattern changed. My, it had been a long time. “General Hux. Commander Ren,” you said formally, letting your voice carry down into their ears; Ren twitched. “Welcome to Kellarov Prime,” Ren was the first to speak, his voice rumbling low, echoing through the open hall. “Does your father know you’re pretending to be in charge?” He remained still, one step behind his loyal general when he challenged you. You released your iron grip on the throne's arm, resting your fingers on the red kyber crystal that accented your seat. It pulsed under the influence of the Force, throbbing anxiously, but you calmed it, resting your fingertips on it, “A simple ‘hello, beautiful’ would have been just fine, commander,” you said calmly “I see ten years apart had no influence on your lack of proper manners. Especially in the presence of royalty.” Hux exhaled through his nose, casting the commander a glare that was telling of a previous conversation they've had about this. “The King and Queen are attending business in the Rondur system,” he said through his teeth, “The princess will be seeing to our meeting this morning.” Ren hadn’t stopped glaring at you from behind his faceless mask, still speaking to Hux. “Then why doesn’t she stand up and act like it?” He let his voice echo before he continued, speaking directly to you now, “That is what you were trained for...was it not?” You rose to your feet, your black slits of a skirt falling to the floor around your ankles. The Royal Guard tensed up again, their armor clinking anxiously together “Is that your way of telling me to come closer, Ren?” Slivers of your legs shone against the dark fabric of your royal garment as you made your way down the grand staircase. “Because you know I will always indulge you,” You moved slowly, the guard all around the room lowering their heads in respect. Ren however remained stiff and with every step closer to him, his defiance swelled against you. You reveled in it. Reaching the bottom of the stairs, you approached both Ren and Hux, swaying your shoulders and letting the array of black straps that held yourself decent stretch and pull across your flesh. Sleeves were against your code–anything to hinder you leaping into action never even touched your body. You arms were bare, only black fabric was wound around your forearms—to brace for combat of course. Excess luxury did not exist on you, as your training forbid it–the only precious gem you owned was a kyber crystal, embedded in a choker of silver that circled your neck. Your light saber clicked against your belt. General Hux offered his hand and without taking your eyes off of Ren, you slipped your hand into his. With a bow, the general placed his lips against your bare hand, holding you there for a second before releasing. You wondered aimlessly what Ren’s mask would feel like, pressed against your flesh; cold as ice. “Princess,” Hux released your hand, shooting a glare at Ren, who still hadn’t moved to pay his respects, “Your regency has contributed to more growth in the Kellarov System and in the First Order's occupation of affected star systems than ever before. Truly you are capable as you are lovely,” You smirked, cupping the general's strong chin in your hand. You lifted his head up, admiring his cheekbones as you tilted his head left, then right, “General,” you said lovingly, “Truly the First Order has never seen a such a strong and admirable leader.” Still staring at Ren, you let your finger trail off the end of Hux’s chin, “Handsome to boot,” Hux flushed a muted pink, stretching his neck to one side as he collected himself, “I won’t ask you to excuse the commander,” he muttered, “His judgment has been all but clear since we landed,” “Rarely do I expect common courtesy from Kylo Ren,” mockery entertained itself on your tongue, “Not even on holidays,” The commander's knuckles cracked in his clenched fist. “He’ll come to enjoy kissing my hand–maybe couple it with some respect,” You finally took your eyes off of him, blessing Hux with your attention, “But you were always my favorite, general.” Ren spoke shortly, clearly not amused by your games “We did not come to amuse your insatiable need to rank what few people you interact with into a list,” Satisfied with the pressure he exerted, a grin spread across your face, “I like my list,” you whispered giving him the once over. He returned your gaze–faceless and cold. Hux paused before speaking, unable to see the reaches of the Force that you commanded to caress the edges of his cowl onto the hard steel of his mask. “So,” you directed your attention back to the General, “what brings the terrible First Order to my star system?” “A threat, I am afraid,” Hux said quietly, but with confidence. You looked back to Ren, but he stayed silent, keeping his mask on Hux Tightening your lip, you followed his gaze, back to the trembling form of the General, who only seemed slightly unnerved to be the one delivering this news, “So? Out with it,” you snapped, “Time is of the essence,” “There’s a rumor,” Hux began slowly, “of a resistance outpost in the Kellarov system. Our spies have concluded this is some sort of reconnaissance for Starkiller Base.” “Where,” “Etisin II,” replied Hux. Laying his data pad flat on his hand, he summoned a projection of the third planet in the Kellarov system. Known for its lush jungles and bountiful resources, it was the perfect place to hide Resistance scum. You watched the rotation of the hologram, anger bubbling low in your chest. Ren removed his eyes from the floor, focusing on you now. For a moment, you felt his presence on the inside of your forehead, but you snapped your head to face him, promptly swatting it away. “We organize an airstrike,” you said finally, “Smoke them out into the Royal Dark Army’s barricade, then destroy any ship to leave the planet.” Ren turned his mask to you. “Kellarov--” “--honorifics never did suit you, did it, commander,” you snarled, the intensity of your gaze being reflected in the chrome grates where you assumed his eyes would be, “Despite how particular you are about your own,” “You plan to lay siege to your own system’s planet, then.” Ren muttered. “Etisin II has no traffic but First Order supply ships,” you replied through your teeth, “My pilots are not idiots, Ren, they will not eliminate their allies.” he had no quip, so you straightened your back. “Recklessness does you no service.” Ren replied, “Not when there are opportunities to gather information in regards to the Resistance.” “How unlike you, commander,” you sneered “to offer a solution that doesn’t involve slaughter.” You swept your arm back, gesturing to the magnificence that was your throne room, “You seem to forget how well off this star system is under my control. It would be wise to follow my orders, that is--” you lower your voice, “--if you wish to take advantage of my family’s continued support of your conquest.” Hux stepped in between you two, but before he could speak, the door flew open. Before he could be summoned, General Hendrick Locke entered, breathing heavily. Locke had served your family for years; he was the commanding officer of the Royal Dark Army when your mother retired until it was ready for you. A man of war, he taught you everything you knew about commanding a fleet, he raised you. Locke stopped, the heavy black cloak settling at his boots. His jaw, covered in thick dark bristles, peppered with grey tightened when he caught a glimpse of Hux and Ren, “Commander Kellarov,” he said bowing his head in your direction. You addressed him with a deep breath, rolling your shoulders back as you recovered from , “General,” you said as sweetly as your rage would allow. “Command has received a disrupted transmission from Etisin II,” Locke stated, pausing to breathe, “It’s the Resistance and they’re moving fast,” “Alert the fleet.” You demanded, “and prepare my star fighter. I will see to it myself that transport is destroyed.” Locke saluted, his heavy boots thudding together. “Yes, commander,” he turned on his heel and moved to exit the grand hall, you following “Send our troops instead,” Ren said suddenly, forcing Locke to halt and listen to the unwarranted suggestion of the commander. Scowling, you took a breath to retort, but he interrupted you promptly. “For someone who takes pleasure in criticizing recklessness, you do tend to gravitate towards it yourself,” Ren grunted in your direction. Defensively, you straightened your shoulders. Ren turned away from you, facing both Hux and Locke, “Intercept the transporter,” he ordered “Take hostage anyone you find on board for interrogation. Bring them to the Finalizer.” All eyes were on you except Ren’s. He was staring intently at Locke, waiting for someone to say something. You were glaring hard at the commander, silently demanding authorization for his intrusive order, but it never came. Ten years, and he still found ground to defy you in your own planet. Something told you this was going to be no easy task—not with him. “Commander Kellarov,” Locke said slowly, hesitating to say one thing or another, sensing your distress “Your order.” You snapped back into the moment, resigning—this battle with Ren was not something you wanted to fight yet...“Intercept the transporter,” you said quietly turning your gaze to the floor. “Take anyone alive to the Finalizer for interrogation.” No one moved. “Now!” you shouted. General Hux was the first to hurry out of the massive double doors, followed by Locke as they pinged their orders to the awaiting armies, the Royal Guard filing out immediately after. After a short while, the throne room was empty—all except for you and Commander Kylo Ren. You glared hard at him as he turned to face you without saying a word. The mask that haunted you for ten years burned its image into your head as you stared at each other for a long time. “A pleasure, as always,” he muttered, “...princess,” He left in a whirlwind of black cloak. Chapter 3 Summary: The story so far... General Hux has informed you of a Resistance reconnaissance outpost on Etisin II, a planet within the Kellarov System. Furious, you issue a brash order to destroy any ship leaving the planet's airspace, but Kylo Ren has interfered with your authority..again. Forced to obey due to a conflict of interest, you plan to intercept a Resistance transporter that has been spotted over the neighboring planet Narinu. Notes: Chapter Three! (The editing process is going a lot faster than anticipated) Enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Again.” Blood from your lip fell onto the mat and you brought your trembling wrist up to wipe it away. From across the training room floor, the one way mirror to the observation room reflected your disheveled body crumpled and bested, struggling to stand again. Each breath you took made the burning in your arms and thighs more bearable, but the words from your master pulled you far from comfort “I said 'again'.” You lifted your head, pressure against your forehead paining you beyond words. One arm at a time, you propped yourself up, reaching for your training staff. From its place on the floor, having been knocked to the ground, it wobbles pathetically. From beyond the mirror, you heard a murmuring. It vibrated from your mothers lips through the glass and into your head that was already racked with a throbbing pain. The stick had hit you hard, and you were still reeling, but your mothers words struck you again: “....weak.” The stick rolled slowly back towards you and you staggered to your feet, using the stick to push you up. Rolling your bruised shoulders back, you tighten your grip on your practice stick, turning to face your master again. He stood before you, stoic and still, watching you gather yourself back up. Behind him was the mirror, and behind the mirror three pairs of eyes watched you too without a word. Two from eyes that formed your very existence and one from behind a cold, dead mask. You would know if they said anything, the Force would be your ears. Your master prepared his stance yet again, his practice stick vibrating in his hand before floating free of his grasp. The stick hovered in place before snapping at an angle and staying perfectly still. You rested your stick on your elbow, bracing yourself for your next set. “Begin.” All at once, your Master's stick began to fly and one hit at a time you deflected it; the first few seconds were the easiest. Twirling your double-sided practice stick, you took a step back, more to balance yourself against the blows of your master's stick. The stick, on its own, pushed by the Force alone, whirled under your feet and you kick back, narrowly missing getting knocked down a second time, the bruise on your arm screaming as you push off your wrists. Sticking the landing, you picked up your weapon to resume the fight. This was where your bruised shoulder was born, but you knew better this time, ducking and swinging your stick over your head, smacking your master's assault out of the air. You heard that word again, it oozed from the reflection of your battered body as you trained, “weak..” it was accompanied by the shifting of cloth, the hissing of a respirator. “Surely she's improved,” the voice you knew as Locke spoke timidly. He must have been standing in the shadows, eager to speak; eager to defend you. You struggled to keep up, the sticks clacking against each other with great force, enough to test the strength of your wrists that began to shake. With a yell, you parried again and again until the gritting of your teeth brought your headache back full force, blood dripping from your hairline. Your body wasn't able to keep up with this kind of torment—you were too young. Your youth kept your cheeks round, however flushed with exertion. More words started to catch in your ears, and you picked up pieces as their emphasis phased through the mirror and hung around you. “The First Order needs warriors not dead weight. She'll never be Sith.” “Commander--” “She'll never come close.” Clack! You dodged a swing at your neck, leaning back, bracing yourself back on your hands. Lifting your practice stick, you braced the force of what would be the killing blow with your own staff, pressing up against it. “Others are better suited.” Weakness trickled up into your arms as you pushed. Gritting your teeth, you felt your feet sliding underneath you, pressing you down further into the mat. You grunted, helplessly, forcing yourself to breathe harder, trying desperately to channel through the pain in your legs and in your arms. Exerting yourself with everything you had against the stick, and the words 'better suited', you fought for control; for balance. A door slid shut, and there was emptiness, just the two pairs, muttering to themselves. "She'll never do it," it was your mother, the queen. "She's not good enough." Your father took a deep breath. With a roar you shoved the stick back, snapping upright, your hair dripping with sweat whipping around. Thrusting your hand out, your master's stick froze in place before it could come back down on you. Rage was rampant in you and your master, asserted his grip on his staff, but you hold it there. The Force tossed your hair over your face, the sheer amount of power causing the unused practice sticks to tremble in their holders. The harder your breathed, the harder the vibrations were that radiated from you and the higher your loose strands of hair rose. The words echoed in your head: Better Suited..better suited... But there was no one watching, all the eyes were gone, even the ones hiding behind that lifeless mask. No one watched you shatter your masters stick with a force that left even your master, an aged and hardened Sith gaping in horror. And when the shards of wood settled on the training room floor, you dropped your arm, the room vacating immediately of all pressure. “Good.” said your master. You steadied yourself with a step back. “Very good.” - Hair wound tight on your head, you powered down the hall. Having swapped your royal garments for your mothers Imperial flight suit, you were prepared; black on black, just the way you liked it. With your helmet in your weathered hands, you lead your personal Omega Squadron, similarly dressed vipers in shining black flight suits towards the hangar. All around you, officers and other fighters made their way to the hangar, trotting in lines of two, boots clicking, the alarm that acted as prelude to battle echoing down the black steel halls. When you rounded the corner, you were met with Commander Ren, who appeared at the opposite end of the hallway.. You knew he was coming; you could sense him coming from several yards away, and he knew you were coming too. He was coming to find you. You stopped, raising your gloved fist ear-level. The pilots of your Omega squadron obeyed, coming to a hard halt. In unison, they slid into attention at a parade rest, snapping their heels, slipping their gloved hands behind their backs. They remained silent. “Kellarov,” Your family name sounded sour on Ren's tongue, but there was an air of comfort and familiarity that came with it, as if he was relieved to see you. Alternatively, your voice was filled with disgust, “Ren.” He was alone, but his entire presence occupied his end of the hallway, his mask staring at your face without a word. Since this morning's encounter, you had been lucky not to see him, but he knew you were stubborn and would be preparing for the battle. Pulsing inquiries pushed against your brain, creating static on the ends of the lose hair around your face that resonated to your scalp, swirling around your consciousness. There was almost a romance about it, the way he tried to urge you to his bidding with his Force. He wished to speak with you. “Awaiting your order, commander,” Atria, your second in command broke attention to step toward you. She hasn't taken her dark eyes from Ren, as protective of you as she always has been. “Go,” you told Atria, your eyes still pinned to the commander. “See to it my ship is prepared for immediate launch, then await my command.” Your right-hand clicked her heels, “Yes commander,” she turned to the rest of the squadron raising her right hand, “Omega, with me.” Out of your peripherals, you watched your squadron take their leave, Atria leading them with confidence. They marched on either side of Commander Ren at the end of the hall, turning left on their heels towards the hangar. The hallway was empty now, all save for you and your favorite thorn in your side. “You've already deflected one direct order of mine, Ren,” you snarled, tucking your pilot's helmet under your arm, “Unless you're curious as to what might happen if you try me again, I suggest you step aside.” “Voluntarily putting yourself in harms way for something as disposable as a Resistance transporter,” Ren droned, his voice reverberating against your eardrum, “After the First Order has already assigned your cause the resources you need..” Regardless of how long its been since you've heard his sultry voice, you resumed hating it right where you left off. “Must you always strive to make a fool of yourself?” “Serving my father's army is making a fool of myself?” you scoffed, “I didn't realize. So what does that make you then? A hero?” “And if they shoot you down--” Ren continued. He hadn't moved, standing perfectly still towering over you. Still, you met his faceless stare with your narrowed eyes. “I've served as commander of this fleet since I could fly my mother's R-42,” you said darkly as you approached, taking every step slowly without taking your eyes off of his mask, “I've flown with my squadron in every conflict, every battle, every war the Kellarov family has known since the rise of your First Order.” Finally you were close to him, closer than earlier, close enough for him to turn his head down to look at you, “You think they have not tried?”' “General Hux has several hundred TIE fighters at your disposal, and you still insist on this,” “My participation in this fight has been guaranteed, commander,” you replied. “As for your own,” you kept your eyes on him, a smirk playing across your lips, “I can't say I'm surprised you're choosing to stay behind. Even Lord Vader had his own TIE.” Ren turned his head lower, towards you as you came even closer. “This matter regarding the sanctity of your system is trivial to me,” he said, “General Hux insisted we aide you for the sake of our agreement. That being said, it is in our best interest one of us remains alive. I imagine any negotiations made with your mangled, frozen corpse would be one-sided,” You let him take your chin between his fingers, “ But then again--,” You held your ground, the shock of contact threatening you to to fold under his touch. His glove was so cold, colder than his words, and colder than the hole he kept frigid in your chest. “--your mother and father prove to be better suited in regards to the needs of the First Order.” Better suited. The snarl that turned your face dark reflected back at you from his mask, and without taking your eyes from him, you took his wrist in your hand, pulling it away. Your first mutual touch, yet the grip you held on him was less than romantic. “Then I'll go,” you replied, your heart trembling with fury that not even the Force could contain. It lifted the stray hair off the back of your neck, “And whether or not you ever see me again will hang in your mind,” “Always,” Your next breath froze in your throat, and he reached up, catching a lock of your hair the Force was lifting away from your neck. The curl clung to his gloved finger like the grip of a small child on its caretaker. Slowly, you raised your own finger, freeing your curl from his grasp, letting it fall back around your cheek, “Really,” sarcasm colored your reply, but he doesn't seem fazed; only focused on you. “Commander,” Atria's voice fuzzed in through your communicator. “Preparations have been completed. All fighters are prepared for launch, awaiting your command, ” Without another word, you took a clean step to the side and clicked off down the hall, your heart beating faster than you ever allowed it to. You left Ren with echoes of your countenance on the insides of his eyelids, but still he didn't move, not even to catch your scent as it left him. His word burned a hole in your brain, filling your available mental space with a pressure that forced you to repeat it to yourself over and over. “ Always.” Lifting the communicator to your lips, you pressed the button, “All fighters launch, I repeat, all fighters launch.” Notes: Thanks for reading!! <3 Chapter 4 Summary: You let Ren get in your head again. But now it was time to get that transporter. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ren's words were still burning in your head, tearing open again the scars that gashed your heart. You were sure nothing he said would hurt you, and it was mortifying for him to see the weakness in your eyes. Could he know? Surely he couldn't. He was much too dense; even after all this time. Or was he? You pushed the thoughts from your head as you powered across the polished hangar floor—the color of the red sun of Kellarov Prime glistening off of the black steel. With trembling hands you tossed your helmet into the cockpit before lifting yourself up onto the wing. You weren't focused again until you were sitting in the pilot's seat of your Fury-class star fighter. Slipping down easily into the cockpit brought your focus back to the center—back on your mission—back to the transporter. The entirety of the Omega squadron was ready for launch despite your orders to leave, the hangar buzzing with the usual before-battle fuss. You pulled your helmet over your head, adjusting the visor over your eyes before rousing your astromech droid from the cockpit. “M4-T3,” you said coldly. The droid whirred attentively. “Prepare for takeoff.” The droid chirped as you pulled your headset into place beside your mouth, “Lieutenant, whats the status on the transporter?” “Still within Narinu planetary airspace, commander,” Atria replied through the com “Our scouts' radars indicate the transporter is in the southern hemisphere heading north.” Disgust accompanied your second question, “And the First Order?” Atria paused, “In pursuit. Kylo Ren has issued the order to engage,” Your starfighter hummed to life as the cockpit slid shut over your head, sealing you in. Inside, the flight board lit up, casting blue and green lights up over your gloved hands as you prepared your ship for launch, “We take the quick route,” you said into the headset, “across the planet's pole to meet them on the other side. Timing this right will push the transporter into the First Order barricade and secure the take down, do you understand?” “Yes, commander!” Squaring your eyes straight ahead, you pushed on the launch button. Your starfighter hovered several feet from the reflective hangar floor, easing its way towards the gaping hangar doors. One by one the fighters in the Omega Squadron followed suit, chiming in on the com as they became ready. All at once, the squadron launched into hyperspace, and when the funnel of light ended, Narinu came into view. Lush with green and pink trees, rivers and lakes acting as a more habitable planet than Etisin II, Narinu was the gem of the Kellarov system. To consider crashing this transporter on the planet's surface would be to scar its breathtaking beauty. It was all you could do to focus the transporter out of this planet's airspace. Narinu was sacred to you—it was the place that was home to your earliest childhood memory—it was the last place you saw your mother smile. Within seconds, your radar was beeping rapidly, and when your turned your eyes to face front, you saw it dead ahead. Shoving hard on the throttle, you dropped out of the way of the Resistance transporter as it sailed into the space you freed from your formation. “Blast!” you hissed between your teeth. Your starfighter wobbled as you regain control, M4 beeped confidently, issuing the coordinates of the escaping transporter. Shortly after came the TIE fighters —in a pack of three they whizzed through your squadron, narrowly missing the other starfighters. Slamming your hands on a few buttons and whirling the radio dial, you were free to scream into the com. “What the fuck do you think you're doing!” steadying yourself in the tail of the transporter, you gave up all attempt to be sympathetic for idiot bucket heads. “Following orders, ma'am.” came the voice from the squad leader. “Your orders were to intercept the transporter, not start a mad dash to nearly get me killed!” you pushed hard on the throttle as the transporter zipped away, dodging the acid green blaster bolts. “And that's commander to you, you imbecile!” “Commander Kellarov!” Atria's voice came in clear and concise over the com, “I'm locked on to the transporter!” Suddenly, you were inspired, “Bring that thing to Etisin II!” you snapped adjusting your flight controls, “This is our chance to find that base.” “All fighters execute maneuver ex!” Atria barked. The girls obeyed, pulling their starfighters away from yours. You kept your eyes on the transporter as it started to wobble. M4 relayed the scanned damage of the transporter to you and you acknowledged it with a command to your squadron: “The right wing is damaged!” you called out, “Stay on the side and keep them facing Etisin II!” With that, the chase began. Along side of the Transporter, the members of the Omega squadron pushed and urged the ship aground the curvature of the planet Narinu. The other two members of the Omega squad flew in between the transporter and Narinu, keeping them a safe distance from the planet in the event they veer off track. Keeping this equilibrium would sure get you back to Etisin II. Behind you, TIE fighters bobbed up and down, itching to take a shot, but you blocked them with your star fighter, moving your ship from side to side to prevent them from firing. Putting yourself in between them was dangerous, sure, but you knew they would never shoot you down. They wouldn't even try. “Commander Kellarov,” the squad leader contacts you again through the com, “orders from Kylo Ren demand we fire.” You cruised your starfighter to the right again, putting yourself in between them and the transporter. “I don't care what Commander Ren told you,” you replied, “I am your commanding officer now and you will obey my orders!” Open space was not far now and as you broke the atmosphere leading out of Narinu's airspace, you regained solid control of your ship. The Resistance transporter began to sway, and your squadron kept on it—out of range of the transporters blasters, enough to lure the ship towards Etisin II. “Keep on it, Lieutenant! Just a little farther!” Suddenly, came a second squadron of TIE fighters from the direction of Etisin II. There were six of them and per your frantic command, the Omega squadron scattered, leaving the transporter vulnerable for an escape. The transporter dipped and dodged the blaster shots and you dove hard, the shots taking out a TIE fighter behind you. The ship exploded in your wake and you switch radio channels again, “I thought I told you to stand down!” “How did I know you would attempt to interfere with my orders?” The voice was Ren's. As it came through the com, it made your chest grow hot with rage. “Need I remind you, Ren,” you snarled yanking hard on your throttle pushing your starfighter in range of the transporter. “Our agreement states any altercation to occur within the Kellarov Star System is personal business of the Kellarov Royal Family.” Finally you squared yourself on the tail of the transporter, M4 beeping that you were locked on, “Call your fighters off! NOW!” Ren was easy in his reply, “My order was clear--” The transporter took a sudden falling dive towards Narinu in an attempt to shake off the Omega Squadron fighters. They followed up quickly as the maneuver still persisted to push it towards Etisin II. You had hopes it would make a desperate dash for this outpost if it thought they had shaken you. But you had to make it there first. “--First Order troops are to retrieve any captives from the downed Resistance Transporter,” Ren droned through the com, “and that any surviving Resistance scum be brought to the Finalizer for interrogation.” “And what do you think I'm doing?” The Omega squadron eased themselves back into position, despite the buzzing of First Order TIE fighters. They dodged them gracefully, falling right back into formation. The First Order TIEs hadn't taken any shots yet—you only hoped your squadron would be fast enough to dodge the pending flurry of bolts. With a gentle thump and change of air pressure, you were back in Narinu airspace—the arrival of the TIE fighters pushing the transporter down an alternate route back into the temperate atmosphere of Narinu. This wasn't how it was supposed to go, damnit, but the squadron kept up. Atria lead the pack, threatening to nudge the wounded transporter back up towards open space. TIE fighters broke down into the atmosphere and followed up the chase that you led yourself. They were dipping and bobbing—still looking for a shot. When the time arose, the green bolts started to fly. M4 screeched as the bolts flew in, just clipping the wings of your squadron. At this point, they would be lucky to push it back into open space. The crash was going to be here. “Ren, pull back! You're going to shoot one of us down!” “Going against not only my orders,” he ignored your previous statement, “but those of your own parents? You truly are a disgrace,” “My parents!” you roared. Focus you tell yourself, you have to focus. “My parents have raised me better than to sit idle when the sanctity of our home is at risk. You wish your parents had the decency and dignity of--” You hadn't been paying attention. When you snap your eyes back forward, two bright green shots closed in on you and you pulled back on the throttle hard. But it was too late. Fzzt! “...Kellarov?” Notes: To be continued!! Notes: Thanks so much for reading! Love you all so much~