It was your week with Professor Ren. You studied the curriculum for that week days in advance, reading over his handwritten notations and references, desperately trying to make sense of the things he could say. After all, it was your duty to transcribe it in each lecture. He didn't use tape recorders like most professors; he preferred someone sitting there, taking his notes for him. Someone he could look at, and someone who wouldn't take his eyes off of him. You weren't the right person for this job. You knew that much to be true. When he talked, to say you were utterly distracted would be an understatement. The way he paced the floor, shoes shined to perfection, arms flexing as he spoke to the auditorium, sleeves rolled up to the elbows, muscles shifting under his fair flesh; it was mesmerizing. He had a presence unlike any of the other professors on campus, one of a pornographer's missed opportunity for a starring role. He was tall, slender, dark hair was lightly combed over, fluffed out attractively around his ears, his nose was prominent offering an attractive profile that didn't stop there. His lips were soft and plump, getting caught on his tongue while he licked them. Altogether with his partial framed spectacles, his profile was something out of the fine art department, but that was buildings away across the campus and he was here, and you watched him. “So what we have here,” he continued, “is a prime example of how literature influences the world we live in today,” his voice echoed through the lecture hall with ease, vibrating almost suggestively on the seats though the ears of his students. “George Orwell wrote 1984 in 1948, published in 1949. But the question is--” Reaching the front of the desk, he leaned back. You held your breath watching his arms flex as they folded across his chest. “--did Orwell really predict the closeted dystopia that was to come?” he rolled the pen between his long flexible fingers before taking a moment to breathe before continuing his statement. “--Professor Ren?” It was a girl sitting near you. She was a pretty thing, maybe with days worth of sleep on you, blonde hair pulled up into a clean pony tail. You pulled your shoulders straight when his attention was drawn to her, as he could see you directly behind her. You froze. He nodded in her direction. She stood and you rolled your eyes. “Would it be reaching to consider society crumbling to match Orwell's dystopia rather than Orwell himself predicting it?” she asked. You realized you hadn't been writing again. Shit. What was the question again? You doodled a heart in the margin. A smirk passed between his lips and he pushed himself off the table, beginning to pace again. Pen at the ready, you began to write down his words. For real this time. “No, I don't believe it would,” he said. “I think you brought up an excellent point.” You weren't sure if the sentence you just wrote made any sense, but his smile was burned into your head. It clouded your thought and you tried to write—something--anything. You must have been shifting too much, because his eyes caught your form in the darkness. Your knees pushed together, your skirt did poor work keeping yourself concealed. It was then you looked up, to see his eyes stuck on you, maybe for a second too long, his amber eyes traveling to your knees before turning away. “But one thing has remained true..” his eyes were on you again; his gaze was hard and erotic. “Big brother is watching.” You clenched. A far away clock tower chimed and it echoed against the doors of the lecture hall. He turned back to the hall as the student began filing out, “Your term papers are due in three weeks. I will not be accepting late work. Y/N,” he beckoned you with two fingers. The pen you were holding flew from your hand and you slam your hand on the pile of notes you had been scribbling. Shit. You swept up your hand-written notes into your arms and stumble to the front of the lecture hall. You pushed past students that were on their way out, including the beautiful blonde but you kept pushing against the current. Ugh, she smells like vanilla . Finally, you reached him, and you had to pull yourself back to stop yourself from colliding with the stage, and in turn, his perfection. Ren hopped down off of the stage with his hand out. As neat as you could manage them, you put your notes in his hand. “Excellent lecture today, Professor,” you said shoving your own glasses back on your nose, “Great—it was really great,” Licking his finger, he thumbed them briefly, flipping through each page looking at them over his glasses. He never said anything to you, just your name from time to time, followed by the next time he'd see you in the prep room. His profile again, so strong, yet so soft. You were sure you'd soak your panties watching him doing something as mundane as brushing his teeth. But that could insinuate you slept together? You blushed. “Good,” he says simply. Good . Relief washes over you all at once and you let go of that breath you didn't know you were holding. He turns around, sifting the papers in his powerful hands, stepping back up onto the stage “Tell me, are you prepared for tomorrow's presentation?” Tomorrow's presentation? Ice in your chest immobilized you and you tried to keep your face as focused as you could be. You knew better than to be ignorant in his presence, especially in regards to his presentations. They were the talk of the university after all, a true show of the prowess of the Corellia University teaching staff, and Professor Ren was consistently the most anticipated speaker. His words, delivered like a hand sliding over silk could convince even the most stubborn horses to drink without fuss, and you never saw a female far from the front row. “Yes, professor,” you replied. “How could you be?” his voice was suddenly and alarmingly cold as he leaned against the table over your notes. The muscles in his arms flexed as he crossed his ankles, “There is no presentation tomorrow,” You swallowed hard, your entire chest going from cold to feeling like it was going to collapse on itself. Clutching your folder against your chest, you cleared your throat, but you couldn't bring yourself to speak. “I suggest you pay less attention to me and more to my curriculum, Miss Y/L/N,” he said without looking at you. “Your work is sloppy, unfinished, I bet I could pull the student who sits in the back sleeping every week for better notes.” He stared hard at you, awaiting a response from you, but you were too busy trembling. You remained silent. With his acrobatic pen, he marked your daily report. “Your marks this week will reflect your negligence,” he said flatly. Embarrassed, your gaze dropped to the floor, the ice in your chest melting away with the pink that flooded your cheeks “I apologize professor,” you voice was leaving you and when you collected yourself, he had his coat on, his book in one hand. As he passed you, he dropped your notes back into your arms, pulling his leather satchel over his shoulder. “I expect these to be transcribed by prep tomorrow morning,” he said easily, his voice was so smooth, you could practically see it drip from his lips. You hated it so much. “And—Y/N?” God, now what? Professor Ren stopped before passing you, leaning down to your ear. You froze, feeling his presence radiating around the lose hairs at your ears, “I suggest keeping the exposure of your thighs at a minimum,” his voice was husky and soft, tickling your eardrum, sending arousal dripping down our chest into your panties, “Lest Big Brother watches you a little too closely,” So caught up in his words, you didn't feel the pages slipping from your hands, and before you could realize it, it was too late. Your notes fluttered to the floor in a flurry of half- completed sentences and doodles of hearts in all the corners. Muttering profanities under your breath, you fall to your knees to scoop the papers up. “Wear your best tomorrow,” You raised your head as he made his way towards the lecture hall doors. “Tomorrow's lecture is yours.” Ugh. -- To stand at the podium the next day was to feel like all eyes were on you, except they weren't really. You had the attention of a few students closer to the front, but the further up the seats went, the less attention you seemed to garner. It wasn't that you were boring, or that Professor Ren was just that more interesting than you, you just felt safe, the podium hiding your shaking legs. Besides, you liked leaning against it, offering a charming silhouette that rivaled even the professors, but he wasn't looking. He was just leaning back in his chair, ankle up over his knee, writing in his report. “Orwell's idea of the Party, isn't so different that the system of government that's already in place, is it?” you asked. Elbows on the wood, you kicked one ankle behind the other, “Ask yourself,” you shifted the weight from one hip to the other, “Where is the Ministry of Peace? Ministry of Plenty?” you pause, “What about the Ministry of Truth? Who is in charge of what we know and what we don't? The CIA? And who controls them?” The words were coming to you easily now and confidence swelled in you. Professor Ren's eyes were busy jotting notes down on the paper, so you continued, “I want you all to pay attention to this message,” you continued, “Whether Orwell has warned us, or the world collapsed around this idea of a closeted dystopian society, you must listen. Identify authority in your life, understand it. Authority--” “Y/L/N.” Your next words died on your tongue. Two hundred pairs of eyes, including your own traveled the room to Professor Ren, who was still leaning back in his chair, his presence gathering and settling around him. Once he was sure he had the attention of everyone in the room, even the slacker in the back, he spoke, “Why don't you speak to the class instead of to your podium,” Your chest went cold, and you braced yourself against the warm wood where you had made yourself comfortable. The class stirred quietly, but your rapidly pounding heart didn't stop you from obeying. “Authority,” you took one shaking step out from behind the podium, and instantly the tension is gone, “should be challenged.” The hem of your skirt dangled around your thighs and the room locks up, or at least you though it did. His comment about your legs rang in your head all night. Now, what better way to talk Orwell than to defy Big Brother? You were all thigh today, and he noticed. Ren was leaning forward now, unblinking, watching each step you take towards the front of the podium. Heel to toe, you strutted, pushing the sleeves of your blouse to your elbows. Perhaps not meaning to adopt his mannerisms, you continued the lecture, “As civilians, you have power over authority. Orwell makes it a point very clearly, very often that you have every right to know what goes on behind their closed doors.” Oh, he was watching you now; both feet on the floor, elbows on his knees, and his long fingers pressed against his lips. Between his fingers was his pen, very still, having not written a damn word. Avoiding his eyes intentionally, you scanned the lecture hall, “Big Brother may be watching you,” you said slowly. Casually, you leaned against the desk, folding your arms daintily across your chest. “But that doesn't mean you can't watch him back.” You finally caught his gaze, and it pierced yours like ice. From outside, the clock tower chimed, and there was a long pause before anyone moved. When they did, you sighed, pulling your hair back out of your face with a smile, “Any term paper topics not approved by Professor Ren won't be graded!” you said happily. Crossing your ankles, you watched the students file out still avoiding the penetrating glare of the professor. Soon, the lecture hall was empty, leaving only him and only you. Professor Ren clapped once, then again, slowly. He was standing when you turn your head to him. His hair was fluffed, as usual containing evidence of a single pass through of his long fingers. In his blue collared shirt, he looked so strong, buttons strained at his sternum, “ Brava ,” he said with a hint of a smirk. No breath you could have taken would be deep enough to calm your racing heart. You felt strangely equal, like you were finally worthy of his praise. Especially after yesterday's embarrassment. “As I only expect excellence from you,” the professor stated easily, looking down at you through his glasses, “You seem to have taken your driving point from today's lecture to heart,” This, you were guilty of. The same skirt he reprimanded you for sat daintily around your hips and you showed him, oh you showed him. Straightening your shoulders, you rested your hands on your hips. “I made a conscious decision,” you admitted, “I take any lecture given to me seriously. I'm proving a point,” “Your defiance of my authority will not go unnoticed,” he said plainly slinging his satchel over his shoulder, “You will report to my office immediately for your quarterly performance review,” “Professor!” you blurted. Catching yourself, you slowed down and tried your second method of reasoning, “Professor Ren, I just completed my performance review last week. Its why I was assigned to you,” you paused, “sir...” But Ren wasn't listening. He was already making his way to the opposite side of the lecture hall that lead to the office building. “My office, Y/N. Now,” he ordered, “Unless you prefer to be relegated, I heard the art department is looking for an assistant to mop the pottery room floor.” You couldn't argue with that. -- Professor Ren's office was unlike anything you had ever seen. As someone brimming with old money as he was certainly living up to that rumor. Dark mahogany hardwood floor clicked underneath his shoes as he entered, pushing the door open for you. You walked by him, catching a whiff of something you've never smelled before. It was his usual mint finish, but there was something else..something softer—intimate. Whatever it was, it met your heart with romantic panic, and you caught a glimpse of his clenched fist as you passed. On one side of his desk was his writing chair, a massive thing decked with brass and velvet. And on the side you entered, two equally lavish chair,s maybe not as tall. All along the walls were books on shelves that looked so old, it predated even the establishment of the university. As grand as it was, it was incredibly cold but that made sense to you. After all, it was Professor Ren's office. When you reached one of the two large guest chairs, you turned back around just in time to see the professor press the door shut. He didn't seem himself, or maybe that was just you. Maybe wearing that skirt to prove your point was a little too much. And under Professor Ren you had no room or business to be petty. “On the desk.” “What? When he eyed you, you knew there was something wrong..something wicked in his eyes. “Your evaluation begins now. You will do as I say. Sit..on..the desk.” Suddenly, you decided it was not a good idea to pull your confidence-panties out for today. Sitting on that desk would reveal you to him and as you put your hands back on the mahogany, you came up with a plan: jumping with your knees to the right would give you the leverage you need to keep your knees together. But you obey, and despite your plan to avoid flashing him, your knee slipped and you braced yourself in between your thighs against the desk. In an instant, Ren swept towards you, placing his cold hand against your inner thigh. You jumped, lifting your head, and before you could protest, your noses were touching. You clenched your panties with your womanhood, trying if at all to retract yourself away from him. But his hands were so soft, rubbing you in small circles with his massive hands. His hands were so cold, like his stare that bore into your eyes through his Ray Bans, and fear replaced itself with lust. But suddenly, the fear was back. He was your Professor. And this scene was something straight out of that porno you figured he'd star in; a handsome, raven-haired prince with hands cold as ice, and you, an unsuspecting assistant whose skirt was short for one day too many. “I consider myself generous,” he whispered, that soft mint washing over your lips. He rolled his nose on yours and you shuddered, his palm inching up towards your warmth. “I also consider how poor your marks have been this week. Do you deny this?” “No,” “No,” he echoed, “you don't.” He slid closer if that was even possible, slipping his other hand around your waist. How could it be his desk was the perfect height to cradle your pelvis to his? Without much time to consider the coincidence, he cupped you against him, your lace coming into contact with his bulging desire behind his dark slacks. “And since you seem so fond of dressing like this in my presence, I have half a heart to offer you a proposition,” He paused, taking a moment to allow your cheeks to turn pink, watching every twitch of your nose and lips as he slowed down, drinking in the sight of you. His hand hadn't stopped circling your skin, tickling the soft skin that he was claiming with his presence. “Be my whore,” the word sent a chill down your spine and drew your womanhood even farther away from him, but he kept you pinned, “and I'll pass you for the rest of the term no questions asked. In other words...” You didn't even realize you're holding your breath. He shifted his shoulders, pressing himself even closer to you. “Agree to these terms,” his lips were dangerously close now, gravity playing against you, drawing you closer, but he refused to kiss you. Not yet. “And not only will you be required to give me what I need...” he paused, lowering his voice, “but your negligent behavior in my lecture hall will be overlooked as well and replaced with the passing marks you don't deserve. Disagree--” You swallowed hard. “--you will walk out now, neither you or I will ever speak of this again, and you'll be removed from the program with the lowest marks the teaching council will ever bear witness to.” He let his honeyed eyes find yours again from staring at your lips, your foreheads coming together in a flush of warmth, “Do you consent?” A whore. His whore. If that meant more of his hand caressing you, then it was more than you could want. Even before you could reply, he scooped your hips closer to him, grinding his boner on your lace. You sighed onto his lips and he pushed his hand around your thigh to your ass, warm and soft against his cold desk “Yes.” When you inhaled again, your lips came together. To kiss Professor Ren was to die and be born again. His lips, the same lips you watched for weeks speaking hard truths and poetic justice to the masses of student every day were just as soft as the voice that wafted from in between them. He groaned quietly against your mouth as he moved your mouth with his own. You tangled your fingers in his hair, breathing him deeply through your nostrils and letting your eyes shut, lest your arousal spikes enough to beg for his mouth in other places. When you opened your eyes again, slowly, and sleepily, you could see his cheeks turn pink under his glasses as he made work of your panties. He slipped his fingers inside the lace and slides his hands towards his hips, pulling your panties off of your hips. He balled them in his fists and threw them in the pile with his coat. Still cupping your hips, he slipped one of his finger into your sex, at the same time opening his mouth to accept your tongue between his lips. It was all so romantic, this moment he drew from the deepest depths of your fantasy, unraveling it and spelling it against your womanhood that was so..unbelievably wet.. you gasped when he teased you, writhing against his hand. He caught your bottom lip in his teeth when you pulled away, remaining as still and stoic as he always way. “Lay back,” he groaned, letting your lip peel away from his. With two fingers, he pushed you back onto the desk, papers shuffling under your back as you felt your hips being lifted, your skirt falling up around your hips. Ren pushed your skirt up around your torso, not wasting time dawdling. Dropping to his knees, he put himself inches from your heat, bracing you by your ass that shivered against his desk. Sinfully, he buried his mouth into your sex, his prominent nose rolling around your untouched clitoris, sending a surge of pleasure through your tummy that hit you like a ton of bricks. Sucking on your folds, he tasted your desire, struggling to breathe and satisfy his hunger for you simultaneously. He settled with tongue fucking you, his moans vibrating along your inner thighs. “P-Professor,” your voice was trembling like your heart as you suppressed wave after wave of heat that swelled from your womanhood. You fought the urge to suffocate him with your thighs just to keep his mouth on you. He flashed his eyes at you, his honey-colored gaze peering at your from the other side of your tummy through his glasses. You clenched and he felt it, gripping you even tighter than before, not letting you back away, not for anything. He's slurping you now, sucking shamelessly on your sex and tonguing your clit hard enough to illicit whimpering moans from your lips, moans that made him harder with every iteration. “Come, whore,” Ren growled. “Let me taste you.” It was too soon. He had only been urging for you for a few minutes. It would take much longer to unravel yourself onto his tongue. “I—hahh-I can't,” you panted leaning back even farther, desperate to pull one of your legs up over his shoulder. Without moving his mouth, he caught your thigh in midair. He kept it pressed up, your toes curling in pleasure. “Wrong.” Without hesitation, he sucked your clit between his lips, biting down on it. The scream that came from you sent a chill down his spine, as he followed up tonguing your sensitive nub against its natural curve creating a moist friction that urged your orgasm faster than you could catch it. Glasses fogged with his heavy panting against your entrance, he raised only his eyes “I won't tell you again, whore. Come.” By his sheer will, you obeyed, shame washing over your face. Your breathing was already out of control, but he wasn't through with you. Sucking your come from your sex, he leaned up, unzipping his trousers quicker than you could press your hands against his chest. He fought you, slipping his hand behind your head, pulling your torso back up into a sitting position. Your sliminess slid you closer to his exposed shaft and you gasp as it pressed against you. He was undressed already? No..just his belt and trousers that had clattered to the floor. He slowed down, and with his cock in his fist, he smeared his pre-come along the outer lips of your womanhood, “Do you feel that, little girl?” he whispered. You nodded, his lips coming dangerously close to yours again, waiting for your eyes to tell him you were desperate for penetration, “Do you feel what your slutty skirt does to your professor?” Ren inhaled, teasing with the tip, pressing his swollen head in between the lips of your labia, teasing your true entrance. In between kissing you, he's speaking, anxiously, trembling with arousal. “I should put you over my knee and spank you for turning me on like this.” he moaned low in his throat, sucking hard on your bottom lip. You sighed onto his mouth and he moaned again with you, “but no...you fucking filthy slut, you just want to be fucked don't you?” His cock passing over your swollen clit drew another pained groan from you. You could feel your heartbeat throbbing deep inside of your sex, and you begged with your eyes. “Beg for my cock, whore.” “Please, professor!” you cried, but your voice breaks and its weak under the heavy stimulation he urged you with. “F-f..” “Say it.” he breathed. Cheeks as red as the bow on your panties in that pile across the room, you bite your lip, “F-fuck me,” Before you could breathe, he buried his cock into your sex. The pleasure was immense. Unlike any other man's cock inside of your womanhood, Ren's was thick, taking up every inch of you, rubbing perfectly across every ridge of you, smearing his precome. You fought the urge to lean back and he held you forward, never more than an inch away from his cock as it pounded you. You slid across the desk with ease as he braced himself against you, using the juices from your sloppy womanhood to slide himself in and out of you. Coupled with the force of his own thrusts, he was fucking you in quick succession, quite hard, the sound of slapping flesh fueling his lustdriven frenzy. Drunk on his passion, he moans on your lips, “God you're so fucking wet,” he grunted, “you feel so fucking good.” But you just wanted to kiss him. In between his painfully arousing thrusts, you reached up taking his cheeks, his glasses getting knocked by your trembling fingers. Securing your grip on him, you pulled his lips to you and he kissed you ravenously. He inhaled sharply, his climax coming fast-- soon. He couldn't hold on much longer. With a howl, he shoved you back, yanking his throbbing cock from your pussy coming hard onto your thighs, his seed thick and heavy on your leg as he smeared himself on you. Panting, he raised his eyes to your face, flushed pink from his exertion. Collapsing into him, you fall back into a kiss, that he accepted graciously, licking his saliva from your lips. Romance returned in the moment you curled up in his arms, massaging your lips with his own. He tucked your body close to his, opening his eyes slowly as you pulled apart. “Tomorrow...” he said quietly, “you will report to prep one hour early.” He whispered. “Leave your panties at home.” Chapter 2 : In the Prep Room Summary: Professor Ren ordered you to the prep room an hour before the lecture and without your panties. Not only were you late, but you forgot the latter too. Oops. Notes: Part Two! Hope you enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) You were late to the prep room. The professor told you to be there before six and that was only when you woke up. Needless to say you were dressed within seconds, still wearing yesterday's gritty panties, and out the door by 6:10. You almost forgot what had happened to those panties—hardly even remember picking them off the floor. You remembered washing yourself that night sorting what was real and what was fantasy as you scrubbed what remained of Ren's saliva and cum that had dried on you. It was around then the realization hit you, once every 10 minutes or so. You fucked Professor Ren. No. He fucked you . It was not your idea—frankly, you were terrified. But when he looked so intently at you, unmoved, cool and collected, you cracked. And when you finally laid down in your dorm room bed, you decide that bastard played you-- using your desire to pass the teacher aide course as leverage to get your legs open. Rolling over, you justified your actions: You couldn't stomach losing your scholarship over something as trivial as abstinence. You made to Skywalker Hall by 6:12 and by 6:15 you were nearly there, careening down the nearly empty hallway, with your binder in your arms. You struggled to keep your papers from flying away while you laptop threatened to tip out of its case as it bounced on your hip. This wasn't right. Sexual relations for the sake of grades? With your professor? To deny this was something straight out of a porno would be criminally offensive. Hot clothed teacher fucks slutty teacher aide on desk with fat cock. Selling that masterpiece would settle your debt to the university. You wouldn't even need to pass this stupid teacher aide course. You could fail it and flee to the art department; Ren told you Miss Hanniford was looking for a teacher aide to mop the pottery room floor. Suddenly that didn't sound so terrible. When you rounded the corner, you slammed someone—hard. You staggered backwards, flailing your arms looking for something to grab to keep you on your feet. You were caught by the wrist and when you look up, relief washes over your face, “Ben?” You hadn't seen Ben since you let the door slam on your not-relationship. You were in it for the cock and he was in it for the “sweetest cunt he's ever tasted”. That was after your first semester at Correllia and his snide comment about something you couldn't even remember, left you flustered and he tried to charm you back for the tenth time. It failed, you slammed his own door in his face and you never spoke again, despite being in the teacher aide program together. “Hey, kid,” Ben said with a grin. He folds his arms confidently across his chest, “Long time no see,” “Ben..” You suddenly became aware of the stench coming from your day-old unwashed panties. For Ben that smell was akin to a mating call; blood in the water and he was the shark. “Yes—I am—sorry—a-are you alright?” Ben laughed that delicious laugh and you felt even more guilty—as if he could see every mistake you made in the last 24 hours. The shame that the cum you scrubbed from your legs wasn't his and your mounting paranoia insisted that he knew everything. After all, Ben could always read you like a book; it was how he always won you back. Always. “I'm fine--Are you alright? You look like you've seen a ghost,” It sure felt like it—it's been months since you've seen Ben. You convinced yourself that was the way it had to be. That to see Ben again, to fall into his trap would be to get swept up and trapped like you were before. To see his face again so suddenly terrified you, but his smile made your heart melt. You nod rapidly, “Yeah! Yeah, I'm fine—I am so sorry—” You peek over his shoulder at the clock in the hallway. It was stopped. Shit. “How've you been, kid?” Ben folded his arms across his chest, leaning against the corner you had whirled around, “You look good,” You slapped your own jean pocket looking for your phone, but not feeling it in your back pocket, you reached into your laptop bag. You still can't find it, “I've been good—been busy,” “You got Professor Ren this week, huh” Ben says, still smiling at the panic that was plaguing you as you fumbled for the time, “How's he treating you?” You brought your eyes back to his handsome face, dark hair tossed across his forehead, eyes a green you've only seen on spring mornings back home. But when your eyes met his, they filled with fear, “Uh—yeah! Fine—just fine—uhm do you have the time? Like what time is it—right now?” He pulled back the sleeve of his grey cardigan and read you the time from a golden analog watch, “About quarter after six,” he said and you swore horribly under your breath, getting ready to continue your mad dash— “But hey—” Ben's smile eased when you looked at him a second time, “Do you...want to get dinner sometime?” “Dinner?” For a moment, you forgot the fishy smell wafting from in between your legs and just why you were going to the prep room so early. “Like...you and me?” “Like you and me,” What? “Ben..I..” you adjusted your bag on your shoulder, pulling your papers back under control. Why now? “I'm sorry—but I really gotta go I-I'm already late, the professor is going to kill me..” Ben lifted himself off of the wall as you make your escape, “A-alright,” he frowned slightly, “I mean—it's alright, Professor Ren,” he chuckled, “He's tough...” “Yeah,” you try to laugh, but it comes out as a whimper. Ben chuckled, “You better get going, kid,” he put his hand on your bedhead and fluffed it up “I'll see you around,” and he was gone, off the end of the hall. You watched him go for a few seconds before realizing you could be running now. You take off. 6:17, you arrived in the lecture hall, having thrown yourself into the door. It was when you were alone inside the auditorium that you realized-- Ben Solo spoke to you . After all that time. His smile that in your mind had turned gray, was now fresh in your mind, full color and doing the things to your heart that you never wanted your heart to do again. It was..fluttering. And dinner? He wanted dinner. He wanted to look at you across a dimly lit table and bite his lip when you laughed, his masculine voice offering you to go somewhere else “Somewhere...private,” Ben said with a smirk “or public,” Just like it used to be. Wait. No. You had to go—Now. Professor Ren told you to be in the prep room twenty minutes ago— –and you were still late to that prep room. You darted down the long hallway to the center of the room where you could see the door to the prep room with light coming from under the door. You barely gave yourself enough time to slam the door handle before stumbling in. Tucking your hair behind you ear, you shuddered to see him in the flesh again. Professor Ren was sitting at the desk in the middle of the room. The sleeves to his sky blue button-up were pushed to the elbow, his glasses not sporting a single smudge. He had his notebook open, pen between his fingers eyes still focused on his work. There was a cup of steaming coffee at the corner of his work station—sharp and unsweetened. You could taste it through your nose. “I see you left your favorite skirt at home today,” he said simply. Heaving, you drop your binder on the mahogany desk, scrambling to shove papers back in the pile that threatened to spill across the table into his coffee, “My apologies, professor,” you panted, “I woke up late--,” “That, I can see.” Pushing your messy hair back away from your face you slide into the chair stationed across the desk from him. You assured yourself under your breath that you were okay—you could do this. You reached down and lifted your laptop from the bag you carried it in. When you raised your eyes, opening the lid, you caught Ren's hard stare from the opposite side of the desk. “Are you that dense?” It was that tone. You heard it in your dreams and in the way he called you a slut the night before. You were washed over with the cold realization that last night, your escapade after the lecture was not a dream. Nervously you looked over the top of your laptop. “Can you not assume the reason why I've summoned you here nearly an hour before the lecture?” Ren raised his eyes to you, resting his forearms on the desk in front of him.“Have you forgotten our agreement?” How could you forget that disgusting thing you agreed to just so you could kiss him? Surrendering your body to him in exchange for passing marks in the teacher's aide program; marks which you did not deserve according to your performance. He must have known how terrible you were—this entire scheme...its worked too well in his favor already. “No,” you said quickly, feeling a familiar heat rise in your chest, “I just assumed we had work to do,” “We do,” he replied easily, “And we will do it. However,” You swallowed as his voice trails to silence, flipping the pen between his fingers. He stopped suddenly, snapping his eyes and locking them with yours, “I will not start the lecture until I watch you cum for me like the little whore you are. Are we clear?” Oh god. The heat in your chest fluttered up into a whirlwind of arousal that he struck with only that cold, calculating stare. You found yourself nodding, unable to break his stare, “Yes, professor,” you said quietly. “Good,” he said simply, “Get on the desk,” Your stomach took a hard dive. Despite the nature of your agreement, this command still seemed to shock you. However this time, your fear was suddenly translated to something else; anger over reason. “Wait wh--in here?!” you blurted, “N-no!” you dropped your voice to a hiss, the redness in your chest flooding to your cheeks, “Professor, this arrangement—it can't work. You could get fired! I could get expelled! This whole thing is wrong. Wrong!” your words came out more choppy than how you practiced the night before, but still you were proud you managed to say any words at all to reject his advances. You fold your arms across your chest, “I'm not doing this.” “In forty minutes,” he continued, unfazed by your outburst “I am expected to present a brand new lecture, and you will be expected to annotate it.” He asserted his grip on his pen and meets your fiery eyes with his cool honey-colored irises “Leaving your notes from yesterday not transcribed will result in more work for you and poor marks. You don't want that, do you?” A helpless laugh escaped your lips, “You're going to pass me anyway!” “No, I'm not.” He tilted his head slightly, dark locks of soft hair falling out from behind his ear. “Not if you refuse to participate. That was our agreement, was it not? You consented to me--to my face, did you not?” Your voice barely broke a whisper as you went cold with fear, "Yes.." And you weren't even intoxicated when you agreed—not with alcohol anyway. Only with the silkiness of his voice and the way he said 'let me taste you'. “Did you remember my request?” The answer to that question was 'no'. In a rush and having grabbed your crusty panties from the laundry pile, you didn't come to the realization that he specifically told you to leave them behind until he mentioned it. “On the desk. Now.” You obeyed, pushing your binder and laptop aside on the desk, shuffling your papers into a small semi-scattered pile. Rising to your feet, you turned you back to him, unbuckling your belt getting ready to push your pants to the floor. “What are you doing?” Stopping, you looked at him over your shoulder, “What you told me to,” “Did I tell you to undress?” “No, but I—” “Come--this side.” The professor slid his chair creating a space big enough for you to slip between him and the dark wood of the desk. You walked to the other side of the desk and put yourself in front of him. He raised his hands as you lean back, taking a firm hold of your dark jeans, slipping his hands down inside of your waistline. You clenched as his hands trailed down your thighs, pushing your pants to the floor himself. Ren pulled you by your rear towards him, his nose pressing on the bow of your panties right at your crotch. “Yesterday's panties,” he muttered against you, “how delicious you must smell.” When he inhales, it feels cold through the lace. He pushed your crusted lace panties down to your knees and when you stepped out of them, he picked them up and slung them over his shoulder all without removing his nose from you. Biting down on the inside of your lip, you fought back urges to put your fingers in his hair. Would that be weird? As dominant as he was, he seemed to like it when you touched him back. You found yourself slipping back into that poisonous mindset; the mindset that justified your desire to let him in a second time. But since running into and rejecting Ben's offer for dinner...this felt like petty justice. Holding your breath, you gave in, placing your fingertips at his hairline, pushing your nails back into his dark hair. He purred, his lip curling against you and he tilted his head up, encouraging you to go all the way through. When your hands reached the back of his neck, he pushed his nose back into your hips to inhale your scent. The professor pressed his lips against your pubic mound, teasing you with the anticipation of his tongue, but he's too distracted with the way you're parting his hair. “Up.” Ren pushed you back and raised his eyes to you from where he was sitting, the pattern of his breathing changing as you slipped up onto the cold desk. He exhaled in an attempt to control his lust—the same tension you felt when your hands brushed in his office flashed between your eyes. You saw he was fighting urges to touch you, just as you were to him, and finally, he pulled back away from your scent. Ren put his back against the chair, letting his hips slide slightly forward, “Touch yourself,” he breathed, “I want you to show me what makes you wet,” He fixed his eyes on you as you pull your legs apart, the wetness that accumulated drying slightly with every one of his breaths stifled with anticipation. Ren watched your two fingers slip between your lips before following them down to your entrance. You swirled your fingertips around in your wetness, lubricating your labia, spreading the lips apart for him to see. His eyes on you felt as tangible as your fingers were, exploring the inner lips of your vulva without a sound, only the squishing of your saliva covered fingers. Pleasure rose inside you like a swelling tide and you can't help but let your eyes fall shut. You tried to imagine Ben, picturing yourself how you used to be, under him with his lips on your neck. You remembered what he sounded like moaning your name, that perfect mouth leaving marks on your neck chasing the throbbing pain of his teeth with gentle kisses. Stifling moans, you bit down on your lip, your knees twitching, aching to close to conceal yourself. “That's it,” Ren's voice broke your concentration and he images of Ben's handsome face disappeared. Your eyes fluttered open to see the flushed cheeks of the professor who was leaning back in the chair now. He was watching you, his cock in his fist stroking himself steadily, your panties wrapped around his other hand, pressed against his nose, “Just like that,” he whispered, “More..” You squeezed your eyes shut, trying desperately to forget he was there, easily eye-level with your entire vulva, able to see each finger work individual parts of you all at once. He studied the way you ran circles around your vaginal opening and came up to stimulate your clit for a few seconds before dipping back down to go all over again. Finally, one finger pushed inside of you and you sighed, your lips falling open. When you open your eyes again, Ren was watching that one finger like his very life depended on it. His pace was quicker now, his breathing matching his desperation to hold himself back. His neck and shoulders were turning dark shades of red under his blue button-up; his sleeves still rolled up at the elbow, his knuckles turning white around your panties. Back to Ben now, you imagined running your fingers through his soft hair, moaning onto his mouth. In your mind he accepted you graciously, rolling his hips into yours, grunting all manners of filthy derogatory names for you. With one hand holding you up, you pushed your hips into your other hand, full moans falling from your lips, getting absorbed by the shelves of books and file cabinets that surrounded you. Ren woke you from your fantasy again with his hand, still wrapped in your panties, behind your neck. When your eyes fluttered open yet again, you feel him press his forehead against yours, his breath warm and inviting across your nose, mouth and cheeks. He was still holding himself back, his cock turning red in his fist while he jerked it, the head of his sex pushing against the back of your hand. Your eyes met, and even he couldn't tear it away. Your lips hovering apart told you he had no intention of kissing you but when you unintentionally moaned on him, he can't help but silence you with his lips. His hunger for you translated directly in the way he moved his lips against yours as well as the slight pressuring of the head of his cock against the back of your hand. You slipped a second finger inside of yourself and when you gasped, he moaned quietly in reply, “Good girl..don't stop..” Ren held you there by his one hand, and when he steadied you, you pulled your hand off of the desk and clenched the buttons of his shirt, keeping your flush with his strong chest while you kissed. Your hand traveled up to his cheek past his ears where you grasped a full fist of his silky hair. He continued to nudge the back of your hand with the head of his cock, pumping it faster until he was forced to break and kiss to pant, “Get out—” he grunted knocking his cock into your hand, “Move.” You obeyed, pulling your sticky fingers from your cunt, and before you could begin recovering, he shoves his entire length inside of you. Despite it being the same cock your took last night, on a slightly different desk, it filled you with the same disgusting desire to encourage him. Satisfaction washed over you in a sigh that you both shared and tingled on each others lips. With shaking hands, he gripped you by your ass, pulling you on his cock and thrusting at the same time. “Fuck, you're so wet,” he growled, rolling your foreheads together, “What a mess you're making on this desk,” Without thinking, you take your sticky hand and press it against his plump lips. He wrapped his lips around your two fingers to the second knuckle and you held him there. Ren split your fingers with his tongue, sucking on each sweet cum soaked digit, his eyes falling shut in ecstasy. He released you with a gasp and he licks the dripping saliva from his bottom lip. “You like feeding me your dirty cunt when I fuck you, little girl?” he breathed. “Y-yes, professor,” you heard the words in your own voice, but you couldn't believe it was your mouth saying them. Ren opened his eyes, exhaling hard on your lips, “That's right,” he husked, the force of his thrusts hiccuping your moans as they tried to spill from your lips. “Are you going to cum on my cock, whore?” Before you could reply, he grabbed your chin, forcing you to look at him. “Look at me when you cum,” Your moans escalated to whines, and you try to focus on his handsome face his lustful eyes behind his Ray Bans, and the vice grip he had on your cheeks and chin. Fear dissolved into pleasure and you came hard, spilling your fluids on his throbbing cock, lubricating his frenzy. Your entire body swelled with warmth, and your lips came crashing together again to muffle Ren's groans as he returned the favor. With your eyes locked, you feel his cock removed from you, and in its place, ropes of hot cum splash onto your thighs. He disappeared from your eyes and you felt his tongue lap up his mess from you. When you felt him again, its his hand on the back of your neck, tilting your head towards his, your lips coming together and your mouth suddenly fills with the salty bitterness of his cum. Professor Ren drews away, his eyes focused on your mouth, “Swallow,” he whispered. You let the ball of his cum and saliva slide down your throat and when you gasped, opening your mouth to prove that you've obeyed, he smirked. “Good girl..” he whispered, massaging his thumbs in and around your hips, “Are you coming to terms with what it is you've agreed to, little girl?” You leaned back in to kiss him, but he snatches your face, “I'll take that as a 'no',” he growls. You thought your stomach couldn't go any lower, but it did when he squeezed your chin and cheeks together in one massive hand. “Let me lay our terms out for you loud and clear,” he snarled, pulling your hands away from him with his other hand, “You are to come to me only when I call you. You will not say a word to me —you will not even look at me outside our regularly scheduled lecture hours,” he eyes still seemed to sparkle in the dim light of the prep room, the sun barely beginning to shine from outside the small window, “We are finished when I cum and when we are finished, we are finished, that means you keep that mouth off of me unless I tell you otherwise,” his voice trailed to silence, and when he felt you were going to behave, he released your jaw, allowing you both to catch your breath. “And lastly,” He drew close to you now, teasing you with the proximity of your mouths, “You are to be no one's slave but mine.” Your heart nearly stopped. “Are we clear?” Before you can reply, before you could even nod, footsteps approached the prep room door. The two of you froze, your face going pale—his face growing very dark. Within seconds, Professor Ren's massive hands grabbed you by the shoulders and yanked you off the desk, whipping you around to the storage closet and throwing you inside. He scooped up your jeans and flung them in after you, barely able to gather your footing before being forced to catch your pants. He pulled your dirty panties off of his shoulder, stuffed them into his pocket. Ren sealed you inside the cabinet closet, the only thing visible was his shadow through the downward slanted slits that cut across the door horizontally. “Keep quiet.” He stood there in front of the door, pushing his soft cock back into his trousers as the door opened. You squinted your eyes to see through the closet door as Ren turned away to the door leading into the auditorium. His broad shoulders were blocking the view of the person who entered, and you tried your best not to move a muscle, but fear threatened to have other plans. “This prep room is in use,” you heard Ren say flatly, “I'll have to ask you to go elsewhere.” “My apologies, professor. I only just found out myself, but--” Ben. Your heart twisted up and you put your hand over your mouth to keep your breathing as quiet as possible. You could see Ben's figure through the door on the other side of Ren holding up an assignment sheet that even you could see was clearly stamped by the teaching council. “I've been assigned as your additional teacher aide this semester,” he says. Notes: Hope you enjoyed! Part Three soon!