A World Alone There was nothing more soothing than the sound of morning rain pattering against a glass window, echoing throughout the four walls as the gloomy sky gave the early hours an evening vibe. It wasn't enough that the rain made things relaxing, but the fact that the early fall weather made the air feel much more cooler--enough to bundle ones self up--you couldn't help but fall deeper into your sleep. That is until you heard a frightening clap of thunder which startled your unconscious soul awake. Flinching in your spot as your eyes flung open, your heart throbbed rather harshly against your chest as the sight of your clock was the first thing in your line of vision. "7:30?!" You shrieked, shoving your sheets off of yourself. "Why do I have you for if you don't work?!" Taking in a deep breath, you rushed around your room, gathering your school uniform and backpack, brushing your teeth as you shoved your books into the bag. It was a bad habit of yours, sneaking off to watch the bike races go down in the forest where your parents had strictly advised you not go to (especially after being caught twice with your best friend, Poe). "Y/n, honey! Your breakfast is getting cold!" Your mother shouted as you rolled your eyes. You were around thirteen going on fourteen year old who could batch up your own breakfast, but your mother constantly insisted she'd do it herself. "Yeah, yeah!" You spoke with a mouth half full of your toothpastes sudd, rushing back into the bathroom and rinsing it off, swiftly peeling off your clothing and taking an almost three-minute shower, refusing to be the slightest of dirty. Hopping on one foot as you pulled on your crew socks, you simultaneously brushed your hair--it was a pain to keep your hair decent. "Honey, come on, it's 7:40!" Feeling your heart pound against your chest, you swiftly slid your feet into the loafers, pulling on your school jacket before tossing your backpack on. "I'm coming, I'm coming!" Rushing down the stairs, you nearly triped over your cat who had been comfortably lying on the step. "Aw, come on, Jupiter!" You exclaimed before darting to the kitchen. "Woke up late?" Your mother arched an eyebrow as you took in deep breaths. "H-how can you tell?" You smiled, standing there with one hand on the strap of your bag as the other held onto the the toast you bit into that you took from the plate on the table. "Your shirt is buttoned all wrong and your jacket is inside out," She chuckled as you looked down, toast hanging from your mouth as your hands hovered in the air. "Oh man..." You muttered, removing your bag and dropping it as you took off your jacket and flipped it back to normal, tugging it back on as you fixed the buttons on the polo. "Good?" You placed your thumbs up as your mom nodded with a smile. "Good." Picking up your bag, you pulled it over your shoulder and quickly scarfed down the breakfast. "Don't eat it so fast, you'll get a stomach ache-" "Mom, I have fifteen minutes to get to school, I gotta." Hearing a ruckus of footsteps, you rolled your eyes. "Anyways, I outta go-" "Look who's gonna be late again!" Having your path being blocked by a pair of boys standing with their arms crossed, you rolled your eyes at your twin brothers. The two looked identical to one another, hair styled in the same form and color, with the same eye color--except one was slightly taller than the other and one had slight freckles. "Y/n, dearest...you start high school next year, you should be getting used to waking up on time." The other spoke as he crossed his arms, nodding his head. Sighing, you pushed past them through the middle. "Good morning to you, too, dirtbags." Hearing the two snicker, your mother shook her head. "Ty...Jay, leave your sister be." She sternly spoke as her sons sighed, taking a seat on the stools. "We do it out of love ," Ty spoke up. "We mean no harm..." Jay bowed his head as your mother rolled her eyes. " Eat ." Aiming for the front door, you waved a hand in the air before rushing off. "See you later!" "Have a good day!" The three chimed before Ty stole some of Jay's food, Jay smacking the back of his twin brothers head. Rushing down the front yard and over to the sidewalk, you cursed the early morning sprinkle as you held tightly onto your umbrella. As much as you wished you could take the bus to school or maybe even have your brothers drop you off, the school was only a good ten minutes away. "Alright, eleven minutes till the bell rings...you can do this!" Running down the sidewalk as you began to get pelted with droplets of rainwater, you took in deep breaths as you ran, seeing the school building come into sight. Five minutes left . Darting as fast as you could, you rushed up to the building entrance, letting out a sigh as you finally made it on time. Three minutes, sweet. Closing the umbrella, you aimed for your class, jogging down the halls. Two minutes, I have two - "Whoa!" Colliding into something--rather, someone --you fell back, straight on your behind as you let out a moan of pain, the noise being echoed in front of you. "I'm sorry!" You shrieked, getting on your knees and looking at the boy who lied there, rubbing his face. "I-I didn't break your face or anything, right?" You frantically asked, watching as he slowly sat up. Shaking his head, he removed his face from his palms, only to freeze. There you sat on your knees, hands out as if you had been shaking them while your eyes were wide with fear. Looking at your slightly soaked school attire, his eyes trailed up to your own, seeing the pair stare back at him. "I-" "Oh, I'm so sorry!" You apologized again, moving closer as the young boys eyes widened, getting an even more up close look at your eyes, unable to look away as he had been mesmerized. "Miss y/n?" A voice called out, causing you to shoot your head in its direction as you gulped. "Uh, y-yes Mr. Tarkin?" You nervously chuckled as the young boy in front of you still gazed. "Please, come with me." Blinking, you nodded. Looking back down at the dark haired boy, you gave him a small smile. "I'm sorry, again..." You lightly spoke, quickly standing up and rushing off as the boys eyes followed you, seeing you run off into the distance, long hair flowing with every step you took. He couldn't help but stare, you were breath taking in his young eyes; forcing himself to snap out of it as he slowly stood up and walked on, he knew he had no chance. "I'm sure you know that we have our annual fall school festival happening this weekend," The man stated as you nodded, "And I'm sure you are aware that it is important you attend this event so you can accumulate extra credit points to make up for those days you were late." Swallowing the lump in your throat, your shoulders slumped. "Yes, of course..." You muttered, eyes trailing to the ground as you held onto the straps of your backpack. "I assure you will be attending, correct?" Taking in a deep breath, you nodded. "Perfect, I'm sure you will not be busy Saturday evening." "No..." Thinking about the upcoming bike race that would be held that same evening, you sighed, "I have nothing planned." "Perfect! I guess I will be seeing you then." He grinned before walking off, you giving a fake smile as you then rolled your eyes. "Cruel, cruel, old man..." Walking back down your path, you let out a puff of air--that man was always on your tail. Nearly forgetting about the lack of time, you instantly darted, stepping foot into the classroom the second the bell had rung. "Oh, look who made it..." Your current teacher, Ms. Ventress, spoke up as you dropped your head--now wasn't the time to feel shame after running into Mr. Tarkin. "The lovely y/n." Bowing your head, you gave her a grin. Y/n? Looking over to the girl who had entered the room, the dark haired boy instantly sunk in his seat as he felt his cheeks heat up, he didn't expect the two of you to be in the same class room or grade level. "Y/n!" The curly haired boy next to him whispered, a sudden wave of disappointment hitting him as if he knew that was your boyfriend. Looking over to Poe, you smiled, walking over only to notice the boy sitting next to him--the one you had ran into not too long ago--he was in your class? How come you've never noticed him before? "Hey, Poe!" You sat in front of him, placing your bag down and grabbing your things. "Hey!" He smirked. "Are you going to the race again Saturday night?" Frowning, you shook your head. "Sadly, no..." Growing wide eyed, Poe slightly gasped. "What? Why not?! Jess, Karé, L'ulo, Oddy, and Temmin are going!" He loudly whispered as you rubbed your face. "I know, I know, but I have to attend that stupid fall festival fair thing on Saturday night in order to get extra credit since I've been late over five times..." You whispered back. "Well, you need a new alarm...maybe even five." Poe snickered. "No duh." You narrowed your eyes. "Anyway, you guys have fun, let me know who wins...my bet is on Mandrell!" You winked. "Mandrell? Nah, my bets on Tyerell, he seems like he'd be fit to win." Poe nodded as you shook your head. "Hmm...we'll see about that." About to turn back around in your seat, your eyes suddenly came into contact with those of the boy you had ran into earlier, giving him a small smile before quickly turning around. You hadn't noticed until now how cute he had actually been--nor how insanely dark his 'flippy' hair was. "Good morning, class." Ms. Ventress spoke up. "First things first, I'd like to introduce you to two new students, Rey...Ben, please stand up." The teacher reached out her hand, your eyes trailing over to the brunette who sat in the very front, giving everyone a wide grin and a small wave-- Rey . Then your eyes shifted over to where the other new student had been standing, awkwardly looking around as he had a slight hunch in his back, head hanging low as if he were shy-- Ben . "Please make them feel welcomed, they will be your new classmates!" Hearing a wave of hellos, Rey smiled even more as Ben gave the smallest smile before sitting back down. "Rey seems like a very cheery person, maybe we should invite her to lunch!" Poe whispered over to you as you nodded. "Yeah, totally! I love her hair, I wonder how she does it..." Eyeing the three knots that lined up on the back of her head, you turned back to face Poe, "Makes my hair look lame..." Frowning, you pressed your hand against the bangs covering your forehead as Poe chuckled. "Your hair looks great the way it is, don't worry." He swatted a hand before leaning back, you smiling over at him as Ben had found himself tuning in to your conversation. But her hair looks perfect... "Hey, so you're Ben?" Snapping out of it, Ben slowly turned around to face the short haired blonde who leaned her chin into the palm of her hand, chewing on gum. "The name's Phasma," She winked as Ben raised his eyebrows. "You seem quiet, why?" "U-Uh..." Stuttering, he simply blinked. "I'm just...shy," He lowered his head as Phasma chuckled, patting his head. "Don't worry, buddy, the people in this school aren't all that bad..." She nodded before leaning back in her chair as the dark haired boy swallowed, giving her a small smile before turning back around. "By the way, her name is y/n Kenobi, she's pretty and all...but she's always late." Feeling his cheeks blush, he quickly shifted his eyes from you--was he that obvious? "Don't think about crushing on her, she's already crushing on somebody else." Slumping his shoulders, Ben sunk into his seat. It isn't like I do... . . . "Rey? Right?" You spoke up as you and Poe stood in front of her desk, the brunette slowly looking up and nodding with a smile. "I'm y/n and he's Poe, we were wondering if you'd like to have lunch with us?" Giving her a wide grin, Rey looked over her shoulder to see Ben sitting there, the blonde behind him leaning over and mumbling on about something. He's doing just fine on his own. Looking back up at them, Rey nodded, then stood up as she grabbed her lunch bag. "Yeah, that would be great!" "Perfect! We should go now to get good seats!" Grabbing onto Poe's hand as Poe grabbed onto Rey's, the three of you rushed over to the door rather quickly. "Good seats?" Rey questioned as Poe then looked over at her. "She just wants to see her boyfriend -" "He's not my boyfriend," You called out, "He's just a... friend ." Standing up from her seat and crossing her arms, Phasma looked down at Ben, "I told you she's taken." "Why are you telling me this?" Ben spoke as he looked up at her. "Just saving your butt so you don't fall head over heels for her, you know, being a good friend." Walking away with her lunch in her hand, Ben sat there and sighed. "Are you coming or what?" She looked over her shoulder as Ben slowly sat up. "I guess..." Rushing down the halls, turning corners and finally approaching the cafeteria, you let go of Poe's hand as Poe let go of Rey's. "There he is!" You pointed out as you noticed the red head. "I'll be right back, Jess and the gang are over there," You nudged your head as Poe looked over. "Hey, do you wanna meet Armitage?" Looking at Rey, she simply shrugged. "AKA, y/n's boy-" Pinching Poe, he shrieked, "I'll go to the table..." Smiling at him, you waved. "C'mon." Nudging your head for Rey to follow, she did so as the two of you walked over to the partially filled table. "Oh, look, it's Hux's girlfriend!" One of the boys sitting with him shoved his arm with their elbow, causing Hux to roll his eyes. "Shut up, she's not..." Looking up, you came to a stop as Hux's eyes trailed over to Rey. "Hello!" "Hey, Arm." You chuckled. "I thought I'd introduce you to Rey!" You presented as Rey chuckled, "Rey, Armitage...Armitage, Rey." You smiled as you presented the two to one another as Hux smiled while Rey did the same back. "She's new and I thought it would be nice to show her a few people." "Hello!" The boy to Hux's left spoke up. "I'm Finn..." Sticking his hand out as he stood up, Rey smiled. "Rey..." She shook his hand as you smirked, walking over to Hux and giving him a hug. "Are we still up for study hall?" Hux asked as you nodded. "Perfect, I'll see you then!" Walking back over to Rey, you grabbed her hand, "Come on, you must be hungry!" Waving goodbye to Hux and Finn, amongst the few others that sat there, one of the boys--Dopheld--snickered. "Are you two going to have a date?" He wiggled his eyebrows as Hux rolled his eyes. "Shut up, Mitaka." Pulling Rey along, over to the table Poe had now sat with his usual gang, you spoke up, "So, you like Finn?" Nearly choking on her spit, Rey grew wide eyed as she instantly shook her head. "No?!" "No? Aw, I thought you'd want to be his friend..." You pouted as the two of you approached the table. "Oh, oh you mean as a friend!" She laughed as you had let go of her hand, turning around to face Rey as she nodded her head. "Of course, he seems nice...same for Armitage! Are you sure you two are not dating?" She arched an eyebrow as you shrugged. "No...not yet-" "Not yet? Is he going to ask you out?" Rey quickly asked as you laughed. "I'm not so sure..." You tapped your chin. "Although it would be nice." "I see, I see, well I hope so, too!" Smiling at Rey, the two of you took a seat, Poe introducing Rey to the group. Entering the cafeteria, Ben's eyes widened at the crowd now in his view, slowly backing up only to feel Phasma push him in. "Don't freak out, they won't pay you any mind." She swatted a hand, wrapping an arm around Ben's shoulder. "You're pretty short, you know that? How tall are you?" "Uh...five-five..." Nodding her head, Phasma hummed. "I'm five-seven," She winked, "And still growing! So I'm sure you are, too. I'm the tallest girl in our class and it feels great!" She took in a deep breath as she held her head high. For a person who seemed to be lonely, Phasma must've been doing just fine. "If you ask me, I think you'll hit six foot two...you seem like the kind." Lightly blushing, Ben nodded as the two walked along, "Th-thank you?" "No problem, bud-" Coming to a stop as Hux and Finn had waved at her, Phasma waved back. "And that ginger over there...is the boy of y/n's dreams..." Shifting his eyes over, Ben felt his fists clench the slightest as the paper bag in his hold crumbled up; for some reason he had felt...envious? "His name is Armitage-" Snorting, Phasma's eyes widened as she snapped a look over to Ben. "You laugh?" "Sorry...I've never heard such... name before." Ben fought a grin as the two continued walking on, Phasma patting his back. "Neither have I, but hey, both my first and last name are pretty strange." Looking back ahead, Ben turned to look at Phasma as his eyebrows narrowed the slightest. Was Phasma her first or last name? "And there you have the it group-" Phasma pointed a finger over to where Rey and the rest of the gang had been, "-Poe and his gang are in the flag football team, but on the downtime, they're always on their dirt bikes racing in the forrest for whatever reason...y/n loves watching them, I've seen her a few times there. Maybe we should go one day?" Phasma nodded as Ben had found himself gazing at you. "And as for Rey...she's new, so I guess we will find how she fits in one day." Nodding his head, he took in a deep breath. "On Saturday, that festival, are you going?" Ben curiously asked. "How do you know about it?" Phasma asked as the two of them took a seat. "I saw the posters..." He blushed, looking down at his food. "I thought it would be...nice to go?" "Hmm...well, I have to go, I'm kind of one of the sponsors who helped put it together," She nodded as Ben looked up. "So if you go, maybe I'll run into you!" Phasma smiled as Ben nodded back. "Hey, isn't that Ben?" Poe asked as everyones heads turned in his direction, including yours, "The new kid?" "Yeah, that's him," You nodded. "Do you know him?" You looked at Rey as she raised her eyebrows, turning to face you. "Uh, yeah...we're kind of siblings," She chuckled, scratching the back of her head as Poe's and your eyes widened. "Really? Are you two twins?" Poe asked. "No, he's the older one, I just skipped a grade..." Hearing a round of gasps, Rey blushed, "It's...it's really no big deal-" "You skipped a grade?" You gawked, "Wow, you must be really smart! Here I am, being late to school almost every day and you skipped a grade..." You snickered. "It's, it's nothing...really," Rey nodded. "I'm sure you're not that bad-" "Y/n is the laziest person I've ever met-" Kicking his shin, Poe grunted. "I am not! I just...go to bed too late..." You muttered as Rey chuckled, enjoying the banter between you and Poe--although she had only known you for a little under five hours, Rey couldn't help but admire you, you seemed so... lively . . . . "I think I'm done for the day," You sighed, lying your forehead against the history text book, Hux chuckling as Rey and Poe, along with Finn and Mitaka had sat at another table, leaving you two be. "My brain has had enough, I need sleep..." Smiling, Hux shook his head as he poked your cheek. "Come on, we're almost done, just a few more questions." "But, I can do them later..." You whined as Hux sighed, "Fine...I'll finish them now, I think I was gonna walk Rey home and I'm not sure how far away she lives." "Oh, that's very kind of you," Hux nodded. "You two have hit it off pretty well." "Yeah, she's really cool, she skipped a grade level! She may just be as smart as you, Arm." You winked as Hux chuckled. "But, don't worry, she won't be my tutor..." You nudged his arm as he smiled. "So, what's up with those two?" Rey curiously asked as she had been watching you and Hux. "Are they or are they not a thing?" "Hux and y/n?" Poe spoke up, "They like each other, yeah, but they haven't done much about it." "Since when?" She whispered, turning to look at Poe. "Hmm...since the beginning of the school year? They've known each other for a while but I guess the feelings grew..." He shrugged, flipping through his math text book. "Aw, that's cute." Rey smiled, looking back over to the two as Finn looked up and over at her. "Yeah, right? I've been bugging him to ask her out but he's waiting till we start high school." Finn rolled his eyes as Rey slowly turned her head to face him. "Why's that?" "Oh, I don't know, honestly...he's weird like that," Finn chuckled. "I mean, if I were in the same situation, I'd ask the girl out already." Shrugging as Finn turned his attention to the book in his hold, Rey smiled, "Yeah..." Looking up at the clock that was on the wall across from you, you shut the text book. "I think I'm gonna head out now, thanks for the help!" Standing up and packing your stuff, you tossed your bag over your shoulder before hugging Hux, "I'll see you tomorrow." With a smile, you walked over to the table Poe and the rest had been at, only to see all their heads snap down. "You don't think she noticed?" Mitaka whispered as Poe kicked him. " Shut up ." "Hey, guys!" You smiled as they all looked up. "Rey, you ready to go?" Nodding her head, she slowly stood up and grabbed her things, placing them in her bag as she waved at the other three. "Thanks for letting me sit with you all!" Seeing everyone wave back, you and Rey walked on. "Is your brother going to be walking with us?" You sweetly asked with a smile as Rey shook her head. "I told him earlier I wouldn't be taking the bus with him as I was gonna walk home with a friend, I guess he took that as a 'I have to take the bus alone' because I haven't seen him around." Nodding your head, you turned your attention ahead. "He probably made it back home already." Rey stated with a nod. . . . "How was school, Ben?" Leia spoke up as Ben walked in, dragging his bag along the floor as he aimed for the staircase. "Ben?" "It was fine." He nodded, not even bothering to look back. "Where's your sister?" Walking over to the staircase as she watched her son climb them without a care, she felt her smile drop. "She said she was going to walk home with a friend-" "A friend?" She questioned. "Yeah, I don't know who...she made a good amount of friends today..." Ben trailed on as Leia slowly nodded. "And what about you? Did you make friends?" Looking down at his mom, Leia let out a breath. "I see..." "It doesn't matter, it's the last year of middle school...I'll make them when I start high school, I guess..." Swatting a hand, Ben walked on, over to his room and locking himself up. It was always a mission to make friends, the total opposite of his sister, and Leia knew this very well. Walking along the sidewalk as you two got lost in a conversation, laughs echoing as you grew to know one another better, Rey came to a stop. "This is my place!" She nodded as you looked up. "Oh, nice, it's big!" You smiled, gazing at it. "Yeah, mom and dad are business people...speaking of which, dad should be coming back home today." Rey looked down at her watch. "We switched schools because this one was much more convenient than our last...our old school was connected to our elementary so we were there for a while, mom didn't want us to suffer from the change of middle to high so she decided to put us in a real middle school." Rey explained as you nodded. "Oh, wow, you must feel sad?" You lightly frowned. "No way, I mean, I made a lot of friends...but it's always nice having a fresh start!" She nodded, "That is, for my brother...I can't say the same." "Is he...is he that shy?" You curiously asked. "Yeah, very anti-social as well, barely had friends. But he's a nice boy, he's very sweet, he's just too shy." Rey shrugged. "Oh, I see...well, I hope he adjusts well!" You smiled as Rey nodded. "Any-who, you wanna come in? We can hang out for a bit and maybe my mom can drive you back home? She has the day off anyways..." "Uh, yeah, sure!" You nodded with a small laugh. Walking up the steps and into the home, Rey called out, "I'm home!" Peeping her head from around the corner, Leia smiled, "Hi, honey! Ben told me you walked home with a friend? Is this her?" She looked over to you with a smile as Rey nodded. "Yup, mom, this is y/n...y/n, this is mom." Rey pointed as you smiled, Leia giving you a wide grin before walking over and pulling you into a hug. "Oh, it's nice to meet you! I'm glad to hear Rey made a friend on her first day! Actually, she always makes friends...she's a social butterfly." Leia tapped Rey's nose. "Yeah, yeah, but you're the first one I've ever brought home on the first day, so you're special." Rey winked as you laughed. "You two can head up, I'll get you some snacks." Shooing you two, Rey lead the way. "And this is my room!" Opening the door that was covered with a poster, you were presented to even more posters along the walls. "Sorry that it's a bit messy...didn't have a chance to clean up last night, I snuck out to this race that was happening in the woods-" "You went?!" You exclaimed as Rey nodded. "No way! So did I!" "Really?!" Rey grinned. "Oh, we should go to Saturday's together!" Feeling your smile drop, you shook your head. "I can't...I have to go to this festival in order to get extra credit for being late." "I'll go with you!" Rey nodded as your eyes widened. "Finn and Poe told me about it." Narrowing your eyes, you pointed a finger, "Is it because Finns going?" "N-no! No...I wanna go with you, and maybe Ben can tag along!" Feeling your heart skip a beat, you nodded. "Y-yeah, you should invite Ben! It'll be so much fun!" You eagerly nodded with a smile. Grabbing your hand, Rey agreed. "Let's go ask him right now." Dragging you out of the room, Rey knocked on Ben's door before barging in. "Do you not wait for me to say come in?" Ben spoke over his shoulder as he sat at his desk, doing his homework. "Appreciate that I knocked, okay?" Hearing Ben sigh, he turned around looking annoyed, only for his eyes to widen as they landed on you. "I was wondering if you wanted to do something Saturday?" Gulping as he kept his eyes on you while you did the same to him, Ben stuttered. "W-what...?" "Well, y/n has to go to the school festival for extra credit and I said I'd go with her and wondered if you wanted to-" "Yes!" Ben exclaimed as he suddenly turned his attention to Rey, only to feel his cheeks burn from embarrassment at the sudden outburst. "I-I mean... sure ..." Feeling your wide eyes fall back to normal, you gave Ben a small smile as he looked back at you. "That's perfect, the more the merrier." You nodded as Ben felt his heart flutter at the sound of your voice--it was like music to his ears. "Great! Saturday it is!" Rey nodded. "You can get back to work, nerd." "I'm not a nerd..." Ben mumbled as Rey completely ignored him as she walked you and herself out of his room. Waving goodbye to Ben before Rey had shut the door behind you two, Ben shyly waved back at nothing, as if you were able to see the gesture. Sighing, he turned back around to finish his homework--oh how this was going to be a long school year for him. Chapter 2 : Impossible Year The week had gone by rather swiftly, Rey adjusted to the new school easily unlike Ben, only really knowing Phasma and still staring at you unintentionally; but, on the plus side, he was able to befriend you (even if that was because of Rey). It had been hard on him when he sat diagonal to you, especially when he was always one of the firsts in class and you were one of the lasts, he constantly found himself finding something new about you that he couldn't help but adore. He hated how enthralled he had become in you, it wasn't fair, especially when you were technically taken by a boy that--lets just say--Ben had grown not too fond of. It was only five days in and Ben was already being picked on for his height and shyness, and the one to blame when it happened--Armitage Hux. Ben couldn't understand as to why you had fallen for such boy when he did such things. Were you unaware of it all? Or maybe you were flat out oblivious? Whatever it was, Ben had hoped you'd snap out of it one day. He didn't want you to end up with a boy like Hux, you or your heart didn't deserve it. Then there was Rey, already feeling as if she had been friends with you and the company of Poe (and his friends) for years at how close she had become with you all. The group was so welcoming and kind to her that she knew she belonged with them, and even here and there, she was able to hangout and speak with Finn--someone else she had also grown close to. Rushing up the steps and entering the school building, you sighed as you looked at the clock on the wall, seeing that you had four minutes till class started, thankful for waking up a little bit earlier this time around. "Perfect..." You breathed, looking at the slightly deserted locker hallway, only to see someone at their locker. Narrowing your eyes, you smiled. "Ben!" You exclaimed, only to hear a bang. Rushing over and seeing him rub his face, you gasped. "Ow..." "Oh, I'm sorry! I didn't mean to scare you!" You frowned as Ben's heart suddenly fell to the pit of his stomach, closing his locker this time to look over and see you. "I-it's fine...I just, I forgot my locker door was right there ..." He awkwardly laughed as you smiled at the sound of it. "You were almost late again?" He questioned as you nodded. "You should put multiple alarms beforehand so you can wake up on time, I used to do that until my body started naturally waking up at the desired time." Feeling your jaw drop, your eyes widened. "You can naturally wake up at six in the morning?" Seeing him nod, you smiled. "That's amazing! You and Rey are so cool, I wish I was like that..." Feeling his cheeks heat up from the compliment, Ben stuttered. "You-you can do it, too! I believe in you, anyone can be 'cool'." Slightly blushing, you smiled at him. "Thanks, Ben, I'll remember that." Ruffling with his hair, he smiled. "You have really soft hair, wow!" Feeling his face burn, Ben patted his hair and nervously smiled. "Th-thank you..." "You're great, you know that?" Feeling his heart skip a beat as he looked at you, you suddenly leaned in and kissed his cheek. "Thanks for being so nice, the least I could do is walk us to class!" Slowly nodding, Ben's heart fluttered all over the place as you interlocked your arm with his. "Thank you..." . . . "Hey, so, do you wanna take the bus home this time? Maybe you can come over to my place?" You asked, walking alongside Rey. "Oh, I told Ben I'd go with him since I ditched him the last few days...unless you wanna join us?" Rey asked as you eagerly nodded. "He-he can come over, too!" You smiled as Rey chuckled. "He won't do much but his homework, so-" "That's fine! He's more than welcomed to be a nerd in my house!" You nodded. "Alright, I told him to meet up with me in front of the school building so..." Walking down the hallway and towards the main entrance, Ben had found himself leaving the library, only to be confronted out of the blue. "Do you like getting into problems?" Looking up, Ben lightly gulped as he made eye contact with Hux. "I see how close and personal you've been getting with y/n, just because she's now best friends with Rey doesn't mean you should include yourself you moron." Narrowing his eyebrows, Ben blinked. "I'm not doing anything wrong by being her friend..." "Yes, you are, she's become really close to you--you, out of all people--Ben Solo: the weirdo kid who's always quiet." Hux flailed his hands up. "Are you jealous?" Ben blatantly asked as Hux narrowed his eyes. "Jealous?" He scoffed. "You have nothing on me, Solo, clearly you can't defend yourself," Shoving Ben back, he nearly stumbled. "Do you honestly think you have a chance with her? She's too popular for you, let alone, too pretty . She wouldn't lower her standards for some lowlife such as yourself. Don't think about falling any harder for her, you will never win her heart." Harshly patting Bens cheek, Hux walked off. "Oh, and you better make sure she never kisses your cheek again unless you really want to get messed up." Watching Hux walk off, Ben took in a deep breath as his eyes burned. He had grown so immune to stuff like this, being bullied and taunted, that he didn't even feel fear--he felt rage. If he hadn't held himself back so often, he was afraid he'd do something he'd only regret. "Where could he be?" Rey sighed as she looked at her watch, tapping her foot as you stood there, eyeing your phone only to look up as you heard the main door open. Smiling as you watched Ben walk down the steps, your grin dropped at how upset he had seemed. "Finally! What happened?" "Nothing." He harshly spoke as he walked on, not even bothering to stop and say hello. Although you had known him for five days, this wasn't like him. "Are you okay?" You spoke up as Ben came to a complete stop, turning around to look at you. "I'm fine, thank you." He nodded, turning back around and continued walking. "Is he, really?" You whispered to Rey as Rey sighed with a shrug. "I guess there's only one way to know, but I'm not gonna bother him now, don't want him to explode on me." Following her brother, your eyebrows furrowed as you quickly rushed to Rey's side. The walk to the bus stop was silent, here and there Rey asking you something about the school or homework, or even about the upcoming event. Then there was Ben, walking with his hands in the pockets of his jacket and not once looking over to you--unlike how he always kept his focus on you and only you. It was itching at your skin, what happened that made him this way? "Can...can I sit next to Ben?" You quietly asked Rey as she nodded. "Yeah, sure." Climbing up the steps for the bus, Ben slid next to the window as Rey sat in front, meanwhile you sat next to him, causing Ben's breath to hitch. "Hey, how was your day?" You kindly asked as Ben took in a deep breath. "It was okay." Nodding, you then fully turned yourself to face him. "I was thinking that at the festival tomorrow, we can ride a few rides together? I told Rey about it and she was a-okay with it as long as she sits with Finn." Feeling his heart skip a beat, Ben looked over. "R-really? You won't be going with Hux?" Narrowing your eyebrows, you shook your head. "He isn't into those things, he'd rather be home studying..." You sighed as Ben slightly frowned. "But, that's okay! I really wanna hang out with you!" You nodded with a wide grin as Ben blushed. "R-really? Me?" Ben gulped as you eagerly nodded with a hum. "Definitely! I like you, Ben, you're a cool guy and I want to get to know you better." Feeling his heart thud in his chest, Ben suddenly forgot about Hux's threat. "Th-thank you...so much...no ones ever found me cool or really wanted to hang with me..." Ben lowered his head as Rey slightly frowned as she overheard the conversation. "It means a lot." "It's no biggie, I'm just really excited!" You nodded with a smile as Ben smiled back; you couldn't help but gawk at it. "So am I..." . . . "Since it's a Friday night I thought we should watch some movies--horror movies to be exact--since Halloween is soon!" You nodded. "Oh, Ben hates horror movies..." Rey pointed her thumb as she sat on your bed, Ben sitting at your small desk as he finished up his homework. "I do not!" He called out as you chuckled. "It's alright! I can sit with you and hold your hand." You teased as Ben's cheeks burned. "I think I'll just focus on my homework in the meantime..." He muttered. "Alright, Benny boy." You chuckled as Ben's eyes widened at the nickname, picking out a few movies and showing Rey. "Oh, Halloween!" She picked out, eager to see the movie as you went to turn on the film. "I love the Halloween series, it's so good!" "The man literally just walks and stabs..." Ben spoke up. "Is that why you always hide behind moms arm each time we watch it?" Rey smirked as Ben shot her a look. "That's okay, the movie used to scare me when I would watch it. But I've seen it so much that I'm used to it...though, I can't watch it alone, now that's too much." You nodded as Ben looked over at you. "Ben, if you wanna watch, you can sit next to me on the bed!" You patted the free spot next to you as you sat next to Rey, Ben quietly swallowing as he slowly nodded. "Thank...you, when-when I'm done here." Turning back to his homework, you lightly smiled as Rey already had her eyes glued on the television screen. After a good thirty minutes, Ben had found himself contemplating whether or not to sit next to you, only to take in a deep breath and get up. Sitting beside you, you hugged him and kissed his cheek before ruffling with his hair. "Yay! You joined us!" "Shh!" Rey shushed as she swatted a hand, causing the two of you to snicker. It was safe to say during the entire movie, Ben had found himself slowly wrapping his arms around you and even burying his face into your shoulder. Meanwhile, Rey was on the edge of the bed, yelling at the tv. Once the film had finished, Rey decided it was best they watch all the films you had pulled out, saying as how her mom wouldn't be able to pick them up till late. After joining you and your family for dinner--which basically was sneaking food upstairs because you didn't want to deal with your brothers--Rey had found herself sitting on a separate chair right in front of the television as you and Ben had drifted into sleep. Laying your head against his shoulder as he lied his head against yours, you two were completely knocked out whereas Rey was biting away at her nails as her wide eyes stayed glued on the screen. It didn't help that it was already dark out and completely silent when a knock was heard on your door, causing Rey to shriek as you and Ben shot up in your spot and bumped heads. "I-I'm sorry," Ben stuttered as he rubbed his cheek bone while you rubbed the top of your head. "It's fine." You nodded with a sleepy grin. "Sorry to scare you all," Your mom spoke up. "Ben, Rey, your mother's here." Groaning, Rey slowly stood up and grabbed her bag as Ben had done the same. "Aw man, I guess I'll see you tomorrow..." Rey hugged you as she followed your mom out. "Yeah, definitely!" You nodded as you stood up. "Bye, Ben!" You smiled, walking over and giving him a hug as he slowly hugged back. "I'll see you tomorrow as well." Nodding, Ben waved before exiting your room. "Sleep well!" He called out as you blushed. "You too!" Smiling to yourself, you fell back onto your bed with a wide grin. You couldn't understand as to how no one wanted to be Ben's friend when he was the absolute sweetest . . . . "Ben! Rey! Y/n's mom is on her way, you guys better be ready!" Leia called out as Rey then yelled from her room. "I know! She texted me! I'm just trying to find my stupid left shoe!" Chuckling from his room, Ben shook his head as he slid on his jacket, excitement filling his veins for the first time in months. "Ben?" Hearing a knock on his door, Ben turned around. "It's dad, can I come in?" "Sure!" He called out, walking to his bathroom and looking himself in the mirror, fixing his hair. The thought of being alone with you for a few minutes was enough to make him happy, especially when you two would be on carnival rides. "What is it?" "Son, come sit." Han spoke up, patting Ben's bed as Ben suddenly felt his smile drop. "What's wrong?" Ben asked as he shut off his bathroom light and walked over, taking a seat. Taking a deep breath, Han went on one knee as he placed a hand on Ben's own. "Dads got a great deal coming up with his company...but the problem is it's an hour out." "Okay? Does this mean we won't see you much?" Ben asked as Han sighed. "Your mother and sister won't..." "What do you mean?" Ben frowned. "I have to move out for a bit for the job, I spoke to your mom and I went to Rey earlier...and now, you..." "W-why?" "Because, you're going with me." Gulping, Ben shook his head. "But-but I like it here? I made a good friend and I-" "Y/n?" Han asked as Ben blushed, head lowering from embarrassment. "I know, and I'm sorry, but I need you to come with me. You kind of have no choice..." Han frowned as Ben sighed. "I'm sorry, buddy...I really am. I know you were starting to like your new school-" "But we just switched schools! How could I possibly prepare myself to move again to another one!" Ben shouted as his eyes welled up with tears. "Ben-" "That isn't fair on me! Why not Rey?! Why me?!" "Because, you're the oldest and it's only fair-" "But, dad! I don't want to move again, I don't want to switch schools again! I don't want to lose y/n as a friend!" Covering his mouth, Hans shoulders slumped. "I know, I know, and you won't...okay? We will visit often and you can see her then since she's Reys best friend! Okay? It won't be for long, alright? We will move back once I'm done, I promise you..." Blinking away tears as Ben rubbed his eyes, he sighed. "This isn't fair...just when I was becoming close with someone, you do this to me. You know how hard it is for me to make friends." Standing up, Ben aimed for the door, "Especially when it's a girl." Walking out, Han sat there and sighed, rubbing his face as he felt terrible. "Ben! Rey! Y/n's here!" Leia called out as Rey rushed out of her room, Ben trying his best to hold a smile as he wanted to enjoy the evening as much as he could. "Y/n!" Rey exclaimed as she hugged you. "Finn told me he's already there!" "Really? Great! We can meet up with him!" You smiled, only to look over Rey's shoulder and smile even more. "Ben!" "He-hey!" Ben waved as Leia smirked, smacking his butt. " Mom ..." "Have fun, you three!" Leia waved. "And tell your mother I say thank you!" Hugging Ben, you then waved goodbye as you walked out with the two. "Will do, Mrs. Solo!" "I call shot gun!" Rey exclaimed as you rolled your eyes. "Good, I'll sit with Ben then!" Wrapping an arm around Ben's shoulder, you patted his chest with a smile. "We can be car buddies." Nodding his head, Ben went to open the door as you slid in, Ben following after. "Hello!" Rey smiled as she got into the passengers seat. "Mom says thank you for the ride!" "Hello, Rey," Smiling over at Rey, your mom then turned to face Ben. "Hello, Ben!" "H-hello..." He softly smiled before buckling in his seatbelt. "Mom, I was thinking of inviting Rey and Ben to hangout on Halloween!" You spoke up as Ben felt his heart sink. "Since I usually don't do much unless Poe actually wants to trick or treat--which is never, he rather watch movies--I think it would be a nice change." "Oh, yeah, that sounds lovely!" Your mom nodded in agreement as she backed out of the driveway and left. "You two can come over if you want, you are more than welcomed." She smiled in the rearview mirror as Ben let out a small breath, knowing there was a high chance he couldn't. "Thank you! I totally will." Rey nodded as she turned in her seat to look at you. "Halloween is my favorite holiday so I'm excited." "So am I!" You nodded as Ben found himself slowly sinking in his seat, knowing he was going to have to break the news sooner than later. The entire drive to the school, Rey had found herself going on about how much she loved Halloween, you agreeing whereas Ben sat quietly the entire time. "Ben, do you like Halloween?" You turned to him as he suddenly sat up. "Uh...it's-it's cool, but I-I prefer Christmas..." He nodded as your eyes widened. "I love Christmas! I mean, I love Halloween, but Christmas is my favorite! Oh, maybe this year we can do secret Santa!" You chipped in as Rey agreed, Ben finding himself sinking in his seat once again. He really didn't want to lose this friendship all because he had to move away. "We're here!" Your mom chimed as everyone piled out, you kissing your moms cheek before thanking her. "I'll pick you up in two hours, okay?" "Okay!" You waved. "Thank you, Mrs. Kenobi!" Rey waved along as she rushed off, grabbing Bens hand and pulling him with her. "I told Finn to meet us in front of the slides so he should be-" "Hey, guys!" Finn shouted, popping out of nowhere causing Rey to jump. "Oh, man, you gave me a heart attack!" She swatted his arm. "Sorry..." He awkwardly rubbed the back of his neck, only to smile. "Are you ready to ride some rides?" "Yes!" Rey eagerly nodded. "What about you, y/n?" "Uh, I have to go check in with Mr. Tarkin..." You sighed as Ben perked up. "I-I can go with you? So after we can go on the rides..." "Yeah, okay!" You smiled, grabbing his hand. "We can meet up back here in two hours if we don't meet up for any rides, alright?" You stated as Rey and Finn nodded. "Okay, see you!" Grabbing Finn's hand, Rey rushed off. "As much as I wanted to hang with Poe, I'm glad I came here instead! I get to hang with you guys." You smiled as Ben's heart fluttered. "Really?" "Yeah! I really wanted to be here, especially with you! At least you can end your first week at your new school in a fun way." Seeing Bens smile drop, you frowned. "What's wrong?" "I-I have to-" "Y/n, you actually made it..." Looking up, you sighed. "And you brought the boy you ran into along...what, was it love at first sight?" Freezing in your spot, yours and Bens eyes widened. "Mr. Tarkin..." You sighed. "I came to you so you know I'm here...now that you know, I'll be off on the rides." Tugging Ben away, Mr. Tarkin slightly smirked. "Young love...I'm surprised she settled for someone as new and shy as him...rather than that Hux boy." "So, what do you want to ride first, Ben?" You asked as you kept your hold on his hand. "Uh...whatever you want?" "No, you decide! Anything is fine with me!" You nodded. "O-okay...how about the twirl n' swirl?" Ben pointed over to the teacup like ride. "Perfect! Let's go!" Pulling Ben along, the two of you rushed to the line. The entire evening was spent jumping from ride to ride, eating, and playing a few games. Ben had found himself completely at ease, not feeling such way in so long as he felt his worries slip away--he nearly had forgotten that he had to move. "Come on, Ben! You can do it!" You cheered as Ben nervously aimed the rings onto the bottle necks. "I know you can!" Nodding his head, Ben tossed it, instantly making the ring wrap around the bottle. "Yay!" Clapping, you went to hug Ben as he nervously stood there and smiled. "What do you want as a prize?" The worker asked as Ben turned to look at you. "What...what do you want?" "M-me? But you won?" You stuttered as Ben shook his head. "You gave me good luck, so, what do you want?" He looked back over to the prizes as you looked as well. "Uh...that bunny..." You pointed as the worker raised his eyebrows. "You have got yourself an ugly bunny...have fun..." Grabbing onto it, you squealed and hugged it. "It's so cute!" You nodded as the worker narrowed his eyebrows. "I'll name it Benny!" Feeling his cheeks flourish with heat, Ben shyly looked down. "Uh...okay." "Come on, Ben, let's do one more ride!" Grabbing his hand, you rushed over to the ferris wheel. "Uh...y/n..." Ben breathed as you looked at him. "Yeah?" You sweetly smiled as he felt his stomach turn. "I-I have to tell you something..." Getting into the cart, the two of you sat down. "What is it?" "My...my dad, he got this sort of deal for his company..." "That's cool!" You nodded as Ben shook his head, causing you to frown. "No, not really, he has to move..." "What, aw...no way..." "Yeah and...and I-I have to go with him..." Feeling your heart stop, you blinked. "Dad says it's only fair since I'm the older one..." "But-but you just switched schools? And you have to move and switch schools again?" You asked as Ben frowned. "I have to move an hour away and go to a whole different school. It isn't fair since I had suffered with a suffocating amount of anxiety just switching to this school...but now I have to leave my home to another one that's an hour away and switch schools that I-I'm afraid...I-I don't want to move." "Did you tell him this?" You questioned as you placed a hand on his shoulder. "Yes...I also told him I had made a friend for once who was really nice to me and actually hung out with me and I didn't want to lose that friendship..." He gulped as his head lowered, your heart skipping a beat as you knew he meant you. "Oh...but-but we can always call and text each other! And webcam! And-and when you come down to visit, I can go over and see you!" You nodded as Ben slowly looked up. "I don't want to lose our friendship, either! I-I think you're a good friend and it's a shame I've only known you for a week...I wish you didn't have to move but...but we can make it work!" "R-really?" Ben swallowed as you nodded. "Yes, of course...you're so sweet and kind and you've become a close friend of mine. I wouldn't want to lose you, either..." You sighed as Ben softly smiled. "I just...I don't want to leave...for once, I'm happy. And for once, I have a good friend..." He frowned. "Hey...it'll be alright. I promise you, okay?" Seeing him nod, you smiled. "We can get through this, I know it." . . . "So when do you leave?" Sitting on a bench near the parking lot, Ben held onto the edge of the seat as you lightly dangled your feet. "I'm not sure...but I feel as if it'll be really soon...so if you don't see me Monday, then, you know..." He sighed. "I don't want you to go..." You frowned as your voice faltered, Ben's eyes widening. "I want you to stay." Gulping, Ben nodded. "I don't want to go, either. I-I like being friends with you!" He nearly shouted as you chuckled. "I...I didn't mean to sound creepy..." "Y-you don't! I'm glad you feel that way because I like you, too!" Feeling your heart race, you shook your head. "You-you know...as a friend!" Nodding his head, Ben looked at you with wide eyes. "Y-yeah! Yeah...as a-a friend." He let out a small breath. "As a friend..." Slowly nodding your head, you took in a small breath as a comfortable silence fell between the two of you. "Ben...have you...uh. Never mind." Looking up with a curious expression, Ben blinked. "What...what is it?" "I don't know if I'll ever see you again, or at least, for now...so-so can I give you something so you'll never forget me?" You nervously asked as you looked at him, Ben eagerly nodding his head. "You-you can stop me if you don't want me to do it..." "Do what?" Seeing you lean in, Ben felt his heart race. At first, he was sure it was just going to be a kiss on the cheek, but the second your soft lips pressed against his own, he suddenly didn't know how to breathe. You can stop me if you don't want me to do it, your words rung in his head as he kept his wide eyes open. Fluttering his eyes closed as he leaned in and kissed back, Ben knew for a fact he didn't want to stop you, because if you were going to be his first kiss--he was gladly going to take it. "Y/n! Ben!" Slowly leaning back as you gazed at Ben, Ben doing the same to you, you gave him a small smile and whispered. "That was my first kiss." Turning your head over to the direction Rey and Finn had been coming from, you waved. That was her first kiss? Not with Hux ? Ben suddenly felt more disappointed for having to move. "That was my first kiss, too..." Ben muttered as your eyes widened for a moment, looking at him and smiling as Rey and Finn came to a stop. "We were supposed to meet up in front of the slides!" Finn exclaimed. "Not the bench!" "Yeah! We waited and then looked around!" Rey breathed. "Sorry, we got carried away..." You shrugged as Ben nodded, Rey noticing how red her brothers cheeks were. "Well, my moms here..." Finn pointed out before waving goodbye and running off. "And our mom is here, we'll see you Monday!" Rey waved as she walked off, gesturing for Ben to follow. Standing up, he bowed his head the slightest. "Thank you...for everything." Nodding your head, Ben then turned around and walked off. Quickly standing up, you stuck out a hand. "Hey! Wait, Ben!" Turning around, he hummed. "Promise me you won't change? Okay? No matter what, you'll be the sweet Ben I met when I see you someday, again." Giving him a wholehearted smile, Ben nodded before he heard his name being called. "Promise you'll never forget me!" "I promise!" . . . ABOUT FOUR YEARS LATER . . . "So then coach decided it'd be best we wear our uniforms all day because the football team has a game tonight...do you understand how uncomfortable it is to wear our cheer uniform all day for who knows how many hours?!" You exclaimed as you walked alongside Rey to class. "It's annoying, especially when I can't bend down in peace without getting pervs whistling at me...or easily getting cold." "At least it's long sleeved." Rey shrugged. "Yeah, I know, but the skirt is too short to sit down on those cold ass chairs for hours on end! It feels like my bare ass is sitting on it. You know how exposed I feel? Don't get me wrong, I love cheering, but I hate how this is a new-" Bumping rather harshly into a wall, you stumbled back to a point where you almost tripped, only to feel a hand wrap around your wrist. "How the hell did I bump into a-" Looking at the hand on your wrist as you then trailed your eyes up, you gulped as your eyes landed on a rather tall figure in tight black jeans and and a v neck . "That's not a wall..." Looking up at the mans face and seeing how he was smirking down at you, you blinked with knitted eyebrows. He's so tall and big . "Ben? Why didn't you tell me you were starting today!" Rey exclaimed as you furrowed your eyebrows even more. " Ben ?" You muttered, looking him in the eyes and nearly choking as you recognized him. "Ben?!" You nearly shouted, completely thrown off by the newfound height and hair length, not to mention, lack of school uniform. "Hey, kid." Lightly gasping at how much deeper his voice got, you felt flustered. "You haven't grown much, have you?" Blinking, you couldn't get over how he was easily a foot taller than you rather than a few inches. "You-you've changed...I-I mean, you're so much taller..." You gawked as Ben shrugged while letting go of your wrist. "I couldn't really promise that ...but I did keep my other promise." Ruffling your hair with a smile, Ben walked in between you and Rey as he waved a hand in the air. "I never forgot you." Chapter 3 : Greedy Notes: ben is such a fuckin' tease It had nearly been four years since you had last seen Ben--the second he moved away was the last time you thought you would ever see him. The promise of keeping contact wasn't kept, nor were the visits and the never forgetting...or at least on your end. You regretted not keeping contact with him, although you did ask Rey about him quite often, you never really put the effort to even try keeping in touch. And you felt guilty. But you weren't the only one to blame, Ben never tried reaching out either; ever since he left your sight after the shared first kiss, Ben couldn't find it in himself to speak to you as he knew he had fallen in love...even if he was too young to understand the concept. He had only known you for six days but it felt like an eternity, the way you treated him and actually wanted to be his friend only made him fall even harder. For the rest of the school year up until graduating middle school, you had found yourself quite distant towards Hux, losing interest in him as you had been falling harder for Ben than you ever had for Hux. It was a shame that each passing month you waited for him to move back, he never did...possibly why your feelings had rolled back onto Hux during that summer--and little did Ben know. During the four years of being gone, Ben had found himself growing more and more self conscious, deciding that high school wasn't going to be the same as middle and elementary--he wasn't going to cower away from his bullies, rather, they were going to fear him. So he spent nearly all his free time working out, either at home or at the gym; but when he wasn't at the gym or at school, he was locked up in his room. Although his self esteem felt like it was getting a boost, he still felt himself falling deeper into the void of his dark thoughts. Maybe thats why he looked the way he did today--dressed in all black with slightly messy hair just touching his shoulders, body practically being solid rock. You couldn't help but wonder what caused him to change--aside from puberty--he seemed a bit more... open than usual, and darker. "Why...why didn't you tell me Ben was coming back?" You looked over at Rey as you had lost sight of Ben when he turned a corner. "I didn't?" Rey frowned as she tapped her chin. "Thought I did, oh well!" Shrugging, Rey was about to turn around and leave, only for you to pull her back from her hair. "Ow! Hey?!" "Oh well? Oh well ?! Rey, don't you think I'd deserve to know that your brother was finally coming back?!" You nearly shouted. Sighing, Rey patted down her hair. "Look, I wanted to, but I wanted it to be a surprise!" "Since when did you know?" You crossed your arms while looking at Rey with an arched brow. "Well...you see-" " Rey ..." You lowly growled. "About a month or so...a little before school started..." She flinched as you gasped. "R-Rey!" You swatted her arm. "That's so uncalled for! You know how much I asked for him!" "Key word... asked ," Rey lifted up a finger. "Ever since we started high school, you asked about him less and less...I'm not surprised you didn't recognize him." Seeing Rey shrug, your mouth fell open, only to close as you frowned. "In my defense, I don't think anyone would recognize that that was Benjamin Solo, alright? He-he's so much taller and bigger and... wow ." Shaking your head with wide eyes, Rey snapped her fingers. "Let's not forget: he's my brother and you are taken ." Rey pointed out as you sighed with a nod. "Yeah, yeah..." Waving a hand as you two walked on, you mumbled, "Isn't like I have a crush or find him attractive..." Leaning his back against a wall as he took in a deep breath, Ben had shut his eyes while he slid his hand down his face. "So, I see you finally reunited with y/n, hmm..." Hearing a familiar voice, Ben peaked an eye, only to clutch onto Poe's jersey as he pulled him close. "Why the hell didn't you tell me she was a cheerleader?!" Ben exclaimed as Poe raised his eyebrows, fighting a laugh. "I didn't?" Poe acted as if he were thinking back. "I guess I let that thought slide-" "Let the thought slide?! Poe, that's something you should've told me! What the fuck, man?!" Ben shook him as Poe held onto his wrists. "Whoa, hey, it's no big deal-" "Yeah, it is! When she's in that skirt!" Ben exclaimed as Poe smirked. "Oh, man...you know, since we've gotten closer cause of my cousin being in your school, I thought we'd tell each other everything since we're such good friends now...why didn't you tell me you had a skirt kink?" Poe teased as Ben instantly pushed him away. "Oh, fuck off!" He narrowed his eyes. "Look, it just gives you an even bigger reason to get closer to her-" "Poe, that isn't helping the situation!" Ben shrieked. "I also called her kid...as if I'm like ten years older than her." "Kid?" Poe arched an eyebrow. "Are you trying to seem smooth?" "Trying?! It just happened! Now that she's way shorter than me--which is unbelievably cute--it just sort of happened..." Ben rubbed his face. "Oh, dude ..." "What?" Ben snapped his head in Poe's direction. "I kind of forgot another detail...another major detail..." Taking slow steps back, Ben arched an eyebrow. "About a certain someone being taken..." "Who? Who are you talking ab-" Seeing Poe point, Ben looked over the corner to see you and Hux kissing, only to feel his stomach turn for the worse as he wanted to barf. "What the fuck, Poe?!" Looking back over, Poe was already halfway down the hall. Ben should have expected this, the second he hadn't heard from (or even seen) you should've been a clear signal that you still had feelings for Hux--he just didn't want to believe it. But that wasn't going to stop him. . . . Sitting on the stool and reaching over to get a pen from your bag, Ben walked in to his first class of the day, instantly recognizing the person leaning to a side in the cheer uniform with the half up-half down hairdo. "Is this seat taken?" Hearing the familiar voice, you suddenly felt chills running down your spine as you sat up, looking over to see Ben standing there. "Uh...I-" Seeing him sit down with a smile, you simply blinked as you took in small, deep breaths, averting your eyes as you felt your heart race. "First class of the day and I already share one with you." Ben grinned as he placed his lone binder on the lab table's surface. "I find it funny." Lightly gulping, you slowly looked over and gave him a small smile. "What other classes do y-you have today?" Feeling your heart flutter as your eyes made contact with his own, Ben pulled out his schedule from his back pocket, unfolding it and sliding it over. Grabbing onto it and looking over, a wave of excitement had hit you. "We have four classes together, three if you don't count study hall." Nodding your head, Ben felt his heart thud--this was perfect . "Which ones are they?" He curiously asked as he leaned closer to look at the schedule as you fell stiff. "Uh...we-we have chem, obviously, and...and we have history and gym." You stated as you felt as if you had been holding your breath. "We can walk to history together." Ben smiled. "Seeing as it's the next class." "Y-yeah, yeah we can." You nodded. "Thanks, kid." Patting your head, he grabbed onto the paper and folded it up once again, slipping it back into the same pocket. Feeling your breathing grow uneasy, you looked to your left as you tried pulling yourself together, not wanting Ben to notice how tense you were. "Y/n, love, who's this?" Popping up in your seat as your head shot around, you felt your heart sink as your eyes landed on Hux. Clenching his jaw along with fists, Ben had the urge to slam one against Hux's face, only to swallow his pride. "This is Ben, remember?" You spoke up as you felt yourself shaking. "Ben?" He arched an eyebrow, looking over at Ben as he narrowed his eyes. "Ben Solo? That little dw-" Cutting himself off as Ben glared, Hux cleared his throat. "This can't possibly be him, he's... tall ." "Yeah, I thought the same..." You mumbled as you leaned your chin into your palm, looking away as Ben smirked. "Well, Ben, you are in my seat." Hux faked a smile. "Your seat? Didn't know we claimed seats here." Ben tilted his head the slightest as Hux bit down harshly. "We do, the unassigned assigned seat...and that is mine ." He spoke through gritted teeth. "You know, next to my girlfriend ." Quickly turning your head and nearly getting whiplash, Ben sighed as he stood up, forgetting this was reality and that you weren't his. "Well, here you go, Hux ." Ben grinned, presenting the seat before walking off and sitting in the back, you looking over and mouthing a sorry as he gave you a small smile in return. "Did you forget that I sit here?" Hux spoke over to you as you rolled your eyes, turning to face him. "Of course not, just thought you weren't coming." You lied as Hux's eyebrows knitted. "I told you I had to deliver a few things in preparation for my debate class, then I'd head over, remember? After I had said good morning..." He chuckled as you nodded with a deep breath, already wanting the class to end. During the entire class period, you had found yourself zoning in and out of the lecture, paying attention here and there as your thoughts always found their way around Ben. So much was on your mind, starting off with: what made him become so straightforward unlike before? Then there was the slight untidiness he had with himself that wasn't like the Ben you once knew. His hair used to always be combed and all neat, now it's just pushed back and a mess of waves. But, no matter how much he had changed, you had grown exceedingly fond of it...even if you knew it to be wrong. "...and that'll be due next class!" Zoning back in as the bell had rung, you quickly packed your stuff as Hux stood up. "I'll see you later." Hux walked off as you narrowed your eyebrows, not even getting a proper goodbye as this was the only class you had with him. "Are we still up for walking to class?" Nearly jumping in your spot, you turned your head towards Ben and nodded. "Y-yeah, let me just...get my things." Smiling down at you, your heart fluttered as you quickly pulled your backpack over your shoulder. "How'd you like the class?" Shrugging, Ben stuck a hand into one of his pockets as the other held the binder. "Not so bad, though sitting in the back sucks." Frowning, the two of you walked along, out of the classroom. "I'm sorry..." "Its fine, not your fault," He stated as he patted your shoulder, only to stick his hand back into his pocket. "Though I did wish I didn't have to change because then I wouldn't be stuck with the mouth breather next to me." "Yeah, that was Kevin...no one sits with the poor guy." You pointed out while holding onto the sleeves of the top of your cheer uniform. "I usually offer to sit with him and switch with whoever does but Hux doesn't want me to since we only have chem together." Mentally cheering as Ben had mouthed a yes, he faked a pout. "That's terrible ..." Snickering, you came to a stop as you looked up at him. "Don't act like you care." "What do you mean act ?" He questioned as you playfully rolled your eyes. "Don't think I forgot about the kiss." You waved a finger before tuning on your heel, leaving Ben standing there with his jaw hanging loose. "How could I have possibly forgotten..." He mumbled, following behind as you had walked on. Walking into the classroom, you took a seat near the windows as you patted the seat behind you for Ben to sit on. "So, why don't you have uniform yet?" You asked as you turned in your seat the second Ben sat down. "Well, the move was pretty last minute and I wasn't expecting to switch so soon, even if we knew for a bit, we just didn't know exactly when. My last school didn't have uniform so we never had to buy any...dad forgot to mention that this school does." Ben sighed as he leaned back in his seat. "Did Rey not tell you?" "Nope." Ben popped the 'p'. "Ever since I had moved away, Rey and I grew pretty distant." Furrowing your eyebrows, you spoke up, "Why?" "Probably because we didn't live together and school had us busy. Mind you, we barely got to visit, they had to come to us since dad was super busy..." Ben sighed as you slowly nodded. "Oh...I'm sorry." Now it made sense as to why you never heard from Ben after he had left. "Yeah, it wasn't like I was avoiding you! I remembered what you said...but I had gotten a new phone and lost numbers and never really had the chance to ask Rey for your number..." Ben nodded as a small smile grew on your face. "That's-that's okay because you're here now! And-and it isn't like you're leaving anytime soon, of course, until college." You grinned as Ben smiled back. "Yeah, I really don't want to move again, I miss mom and Rey and I prefer living in a small town than out in the city." "By the way, how was it living in the city?" You curiously asked. Leaning forward, Bens eyes narrowed, "Let's just say...the traffic was very very bad and my school hallways were just as terrible." "Oh, that sucks. At least our school isn't so bad in numbers." "Thank god." Seeing who he assumed to be the teacher walk in, Ben leaned back in his seat as your eyes followed where Ben had been looking. "I guess class is starting..." Turning around in your seat, the ends of your hair sprawled out on Bens table, automatically playing with it the second his hands laid on the strands. "Ben Solo, correct?" Looking up, Ben let go of your hair as he nodded up at the teacher. "I see, this must be as to why you are out of uniform." Looking down at his attire, Ben slightly shrugged as he turned his attention back up. "Since you seem friendly with miss Kenobi here, I assume she can help you catch up from the past few weeks lessons, correct?" Feeling your cheeks heat up as everyone's eyes landed on you, you slowly turned and looked up with a small smile, nodding. "Yes, Mr. Koon." "Perfect, let's start today's lesson!" He clapped before walking off to the front. "Guess you're gonna gave to be my history tutor for a bit." Ben smiled as your heart raced. "Y-yeah..." Rubbing your face, you found yourself lost in your thoughts throughout the class, still dumbfounded at how much Ben had changed. When you had last seen him, he was so much shorter and scrawnier, a lot less hair and definitely not as social. You couldn't help but wonder what it was that made him want to change, or maybe it just naturally happened? Whatever it was, you hated to admit that you were enjoying it. Feeling a tap on your shoulder, you were about to turn around only to see Ben's hand sticking out with a small paper in between his fingers. Grabbing it, you opened the little note only to blush: "the cheerleading uniform suits you" Gulping the slightest, you didn't even bother to respond, sliding it into the plastic of your binder as you tried setting your attention on the remainder of the lesson. Or at least attempted and failed the second you felt Ben playing with your hair again. "Next week we will be discussing your first minor project of the semester which I will be pairing you all up!" The teacher announced as the bell had rung, you instantly standing up and gathering your things, completely avoiding Ben. Watching you leave, a smirk grew on his face as he nonchalantly grabbed his binder before getting up and exiting the classroom. It wasn't like it was his goal to make you flustered...or it was , who was he kidding? Rushing to your English class, you nearly rammed yourself into Rey as Finn walked up to you two. "You good?" He asked as you smiled with a nod. "Y-yeah! Didn't want to be late..." You cleared your throat as Rey raised an eyebrow. "You sure? You're a bit red-" Rapidly clasping your hands onto your cheeks, you exclaimed, "I am?!" Snickering, Rey nodded. "Did my brother do something? I know you two had back-to-back classes...so was-" "No! No no, Ben didn't do anything...I was just, uh-I was thinking about...Hux!" You lied, Rey clearly catching on as Finn arched a brow. "Hux actually made you flustered for once? That's a shock!" Walking into the class as he laughed, you shook your head as Reys eyebrows lifted, only to wrap an arm around your shoulders. "It's alright, I know Ben can be very irritating, so if he is bugging you...just let me know." Rey winked as she patted your shoulder, walking off to her seat as you had done the same. For the next two classes, you were thankful you hadn't seen Ben around, that is until lunch had started and everyone was already sat together--Poe, Finn, Rey, and yourself--only for Rey to spot Ben and call him over. "Can you tell me why Hux never eats lunch with you?" Poe asked as you sighed. "He's too busy doing class president stuff or doing things for his clubs and what not..." You picked at your food. "It's only been like, what? Three weeks of school? And he has yet to sit with you...lame." Poe shook his head as you dropped yours, only for it to snap up as you heard someone sit next to you. "I thought you weren't gonna want me to sit with you?" Ben spoke up as you froze. "I'm not that cruel, plus, you're good friends with Poe so it's only fair enough!" Rey shrugged as Poe's fist bumped Ben's, your eyes widening as you hadn't known the two were that close. "You two? Are close?" You asked as Poe nodded. "Yep! My cousin went to school with Ben and they're friends, I went to visit my cousin one day and Ben was over and voila! Made friends with my friends brother." He nudged Rey as she rolled her eyes. "Which meant Poe saw Ben more than I did cause he was always visiting his cousin." "A-always?" You stuttered. Even though you and Poe were best friends, he never truly knew about you and Ben or the fact that you had (have?) feelings for him. "Yep, any chance I got I drove up with my family or me and BB-8. Not the droid I made in robotics class, my dog." He stated as Finn rubbed his forehead. "Clearly your dog or that would've been weird." Finn stated. "You still have the droid?" Ben asked as Poe smiled widely. "Yeah, the little guy still works, I'm amazed! Do you still have R2?" Looking back and forth, you were amazed how close the two had gotten. "Yeah, mom and dad loved it but Luke ended up keeping it." "Aw, that's cool, he's proud of his nephew!" "Shut up, Poe, Luke did it cause R2 was handy." Rey spoke up as Ben kicked her under the table. "Rude! This is what I get for letting you sit with us?" "He's-he's fine sitting with us!" You nodded as Reys eyebrows narrowed while Ben and Poe exchanged looks, meanwhile Finn was too busy eating to pay attention. "The more the merrier...?" "She's right, plus, he's our friend...right y/n?" Poe wiggled his eyebrows as you slowly nodded. "R-right!" You awkwardly smiled as Ben grinned. "Thanks, I appreciate it." Placing a hand on your exposed thigh from how high up your cheer skirt went, a yelp left your lips as you jumped. "You okay?" Rey asked as Ben fought a smirk. "I-I'm fine!" You took in a deep breath as your face grew hot, chills running throughout your body from the skin to skin contact. "I'm totally fine, I just, I got chills since my skirt is too short and my bare thighs are touching the bench..." "Yeah, they make those cheer uniforms way too short." Rey shrugged as she chugged her water. Taking in a deep breath, Ben couldn't help but smirk at how still you had grown, not even trying to squirm from underneath his touch or even swat his hand away. So he decided to test his limits, giving your thigh a small squeeze, causing you to nearly choke on your water. "Are you sure you're okay?" Ben asked as he faked a concerned look. "I'm fine! I'm okay...trust me..." You breathed. Giving your thigh another--yet tighter --squeeze, Ben purposely coughed as you had shrieked. Sucking your lips in as your hand held tightly onto your water bottle, Poes eyes bounced between you and Ben, only to grin as he knew something was going on. "Oh, Rey! I need to show you something!" Poe stood up. "Finn, you have to come, too!" "What about-" "They saw it already." Poe swatted a hand, instantly grabbing onto Finn and Rey, dragging the two out. Watching them leave with a pleading expression, your head snapped over to Ben, "What are you doing?!" "What do you mean?" He smiled. "You know-" Looking down at his hand, you looked back up at him, "-what I mean!" "It isn't bothering you, is it?" He questioned as you stayed shut. "I need to go to the bathroom." Standing up, you rushed out, only to have Ben follow. Storming into the bathroom and holding onto the sink, you took in deep breaths before tugging your skirt down. The fact that not even Hux has ever touched your thigh made things worse--in all honesty, Hux wasn't the touchy-feely kind, so when Ben had done it, it was a bit... satisfying . Letting out a sigh, you walked out, only to be pulled towards the lockers by Ben. "Ben? Did you follow me?" "I just wanted to make sure you were okay." He nodded as he leaned a hand beside your head. "You seemed a bit...flustered." "I was not!" You instantly retorted. "Look, you can lie all you want, but you could have stopped me." Removing his hand, he glided his finger down your jaw, leaning forward and whispering, "...but you didn't." With a wink he backed up and walked away, leaving you standing there, knees weak as you watched him with wide eyes. Gently touching your jaw, you took in a shaky breath before walking in the opposite direction to your next class. You were so very thankful that you only had Hux in the morning or else you would've been screwed. . . . "I knew it! I knew you were doing something!" Poe exclaimed as Ben instantly smacked his hand over his mouth. "Shut it, okay? Only we can know...I don't want any rumors to start-" Pulling Ben's hand away, Poe nearly shouted, "But you touched her thigh!" "I said shut it!" Ben pointed a finger as the two aimed for the doors of the locker room. "Not even Finn can know, okay?" Raising a hand in the air, Poe nodded. "He won't, my lips are sealed." Pushing his hand through his hair, Ben took in a deep breath. "I can't believe she actually let me do it...I was gonna stop the second she smacked my hand away, but she didn't and I kept going and she just allowed me." "Were you turned on by it?" Poe wiggled his eyebrows as Ben shoved him. "You were, weren't you!" "Quit it, Poe, all she knows is that I've changed and I'm not that awkward kid anymore-" "But you still are-" " Poe ..." Ben raised an eyebrow as Poe lifted his hands up in defense. "I'm sorry, it isn't like she'd find out that you're actually a complete perverted emo-" "I am not!" "See how fast you responded? You're a perverted emo, it's who you are, embrace it." Poe winked as Ben glared. "Why the hell would I want to embrace being a perverted emo? That's flat out wrong ." Ben shook his head as they exited the locker room. "Because, let's see...long dark hair, black shirt, black pants, black shoes...emo." Poe pointed out as Ben rolled his eyes. "Gets turned on by the sight of y/n's cheerleading uniform, totally digs the skirt, and probs had a boner when you touched her thigh..." "I just don't have the uniform yet, okay?! I am not emo." Ben gritted his teeth before shouting, "And I did not have a fuckin' boner!" Patting Ben's back, Poe scoffed, "What ever you say, buddy...just as long as you don't get a boner this time around." "Why's that?" Ben asked as Poe nudged his head over to where you, Finn and Rey had been standing. You being in your gym shorts and extremely tight top that hugged your body too well. "I-I-" "Don't drool, either. Come on, emo boy." Dragging Ben with him, Poe laughed as his best friend couldn't even form words with his jaw hanging loose. "First her cheerleading uniform and now her gym clothes-" "Wait till you see her school uniform, she sometimes wears pretty short skirts, so your kink is fulfilled." Poe stated as Ben's heart skipped a beat. "I am going to die." Chapter 4 : Silk Notes: slight warning: ben's a perv "So mind telling me as to why you never thought to mention, oh...I don't know? That your brother was moving back?!" You nearly shouted at Rey as the two of you sat in between two book shelves, in the middle of doing homework although a certain someone couldn't help but think about Ben. The entire time during gym, your eyes were glued on Ben; although he didn't have the proper attire, he still participated and decided to play basketball with Poe and Finn. Each and every time Ben would shoot, you found yourself drooling at the sight of his v-line whenever his shirt would lift up. It was safe to say that gym class was spent doing nothing but gawking. "In all honesty, it was pretty last minute," Rey chuckled. "Dad was begging to move back and his business project was finally over with--no one expected it to take four years--but it did." Seeing Rey shrug, you sighed. "But they're back now and mom is so happy, well, I am as well but mom was in literal tears." Taking in a deep breath, you pulled your knees closer to your chest as you lifted your book up and covered your face, embarrassed by the fact that you wanted to cry when you first saw Ben and realized who it was. "Aww...that's so... cute ." Gulping, you leaned the book against your forehead whereas Rey was too busy actually looking at her textbooks content. "Yeah...but she's so in shock by Ben's change." Shutting your eyes, you bit your bottom lip. "I mean...he's much taller, taller than dad, and has gained so much muscle. I guess he had enough of being picked on. It's about damn time, it isn't cool always having to defend him, y'know?" Rey stated as you looked up, blinking as you felt your heart sink. The thought of Ben being bullied was upsetting and only made your stomach turn. Walking along the aisles as Ben didn't want to sit anywhere visible, feeling too vulnerable, he came to a sudden stop as he recognized the small figure sitting against one of the shelves. Feeling himself freeze, his eyes instantly landed on an area they shouldn't have but already had . Blinking at the sight, Ben gulped-- don't stare, don't stare, don't stare --he mentally repeated to himself as his eyes were glued on your exposed underwear. Feeling himself wanting to whine from the sudden arousal, your attention turned up to him as your cheeks reddened. "H-Hey Ben!" You smiled as he forced his focus to shift. "Hey, kid." He nudged his head over to you, trying to keep his cool although his bottom half wasn't. Moving his binder over his hips, he smirked at you as Rey only leaned over and looked up at him, causing Ben to sigh as he didn't expect you to have company. "Rey." "Ben." She arched an eyebrow, only to return to her original position. "Do you want to sit with us?" You sweetly asked as Ben smiled over to you, taking your offer and sitting right beside you. "How was your day?" "Good, classes and teachers aren't so bad, but much better than my old high school." Ben admitted as you smiled. "Especially since I have old friends here." He winked as you quietly swallowed. "I bet it feels amazing!" You nodded nervously. "What's your favorite class?" "Probably history..." He casually stated as you felt your heart sink--the class where it's just the two of you. "You know, I have the best seat in that class and a great view." Feeling your heart flutter, you took in small breaths, wanting to fan your face. "That's...great!" "Like you care? Anywhere you sit is the best seat with a great view, you big nerd." Rey spoke up without bothering to lift her head up as Ben rolled his eyes. "Not entirely, all of my other classes lack great views, history just has the best one." He shrugged as you blinked, trying to steady your racing heart. "But, you wouldn't understand anyways." "The view of the greenery, big whoop..." Rolling her eyes, Rey flipped through the book in her hold. "Yeah, that's it alright..." Ben scoffed before turning his attention back to you, noticing how red and slightly uneasy you were getting from what he had been saying. "Gym isn't so bad-" "Tell me about it..." You breathed, thinking about Ben's v-line. "Sorry." Smiling, he shrugged, "It's fine." "You two wanna like, keep it down? I'm trying to study, here...something you should be doing, y/n." Rey called out as you sighed, not wanting to do anything else but talk to Ben as he was far more interesting than your upcoming math exam. "How about we go outside and talk?" Instantly nodding your head, Ben stood up and stuck out his hand. "Seriously, y/n?" Rey questioned as you nodded your head. "It's been four years, Rey, you can't possibly understand." Grabbing his hand and standing up with your things, you walked on as Ben followed while Rey gasped. "Was I too mean?" Shaking his head as he snickered, ben swatted his hand. "Not at all, to Rey, there's no such thing as too mean." "I just have no enthusiasm or drive to study when I have too much on my mind..." You stated as the two of you exited the library. "Like what?" Ben curiously asked as you swallowed hard. "Uh...like my performance today at the football game, I have to focus on that! And-and...plenty of other things that are of no importance." You nodded as Ben's eyebrows lightly narrowed. "I see...I would love to see you cheer, when's the game?" Ben asked as your cheeks grew red again. "After school," You stated while taking in a deep breath, in hopes he'd go. It wasn't like Hux ever had. "You should so go, you know, to support Poe!" Smirking as he nodded in agreement, he then pinched your cheek, "And to support you, as well." Blushing, you slyly looked away as Ben walked on, hands deep into his pockets as you sighed. You couldn't possibly get used to the drastic change he had--it was eating you alive that he never kept his promise...but what were you going to do about it when it only made your matters far more worse? "How was it living with just your dad for so long?" Looking over at you at your sudden question, Ben shrugged the slightest, "It wasn't all that bad...he wasn't home that often, though, since he was super busy...so it was a bit lonely. At first, I enjoyed the quietness, but eventually it drove me insane and I found myself hanging out at other places to do homework and what not." Nodding your head as the two of you found yourselves walking towards the back exit that lead to the football field, you muttered. "Oh..." "Luckily, I met Poe's cousin and a few other people who were pretty cool and befriended them, two of them--including Poe's cousin--I still talk to today...the other one, not so much." Pushing the door open and gesturing for you to go out first, Ben followed you behind. "That's good that you made such friends!" You smiled over at him. "I know how much of a struggle it was for you, or at least used to be." Sighing and crossing his arms behind his head, Ben shrugged, "Eh...I've grown out of it, I'm not so shy anymore and I really don't have the will to be as reserved as I used to be. I've become pretty ruthless to those who bother me and grown some thick skin." "I can see that..." You mumbled as you felt the slightest of disappointed. As attractive Ben may have seemed with all his changes, you couldn't bare the fact that he possibly wasn't that sweet and innocent boy he used to be--even if it was bound to happen. "But enough about me," Ben grinned, walking alongside you as the two of you decided to hangout on the side of the bleachers. "You've changed so much!" He exclaimed as you took in a deep breath. "I mean, you seem much more responsible and, from what I can tell, you're doing good in school if you're in cheerleading and have a few advanced classes." "Yeah, I don't come late to school anymore, I've matured a bit." You stated as you messed with the hem of the cheer skirt. "That's good hear!" Ben smiled as he came to a stop, looking down at you. "You're still short and you've clearly have changed physically...but I still remembered you." Feeling your heart skip a beat, Ben's voice lowered the slightest, "I just can't believe you forgot me." Snapping your head up, your stomach turned. "That's because you were gone for four years..." "Yeah, and I hadn't seen you in all that time and I still remembered you." He chuckled as you felt your eyes watering up. "But you've changed..." Your voice faltered. "Four years...four years, Ben, and you've changed as if it's been ten." Seeing how serious you had become, Ben furrowed his eyebrows. "I'm still me, though, just taller and more built." "That-that isn't it, Ben!" You exclaimed as his eyebrows narrowed even more. "You don't get it, do you?!" Feeling the tears threaten to spill, you shook your head as you shut your eyes. "I waited four years, four years to see or hear from you! And nothing! I never once got anything from you!" You shoved him. "I always asked Rey about you but found myself slowly backing off because not once had you asked for me or tried communicating with me!" Growing wide-eyed as you continuously pushed him, Ben gulped. "I told myself that you'd come back, that I had to give it time, but the days kept passing and you never did! But now you're back and you've changed...you're not the same Ben I knew. You broke-you broke your promise!" "I can't stop puberty-" "That isn't it, asshole!" Shoving him once again (but this time with more force) Ben stumbled back just enough to trip and fall back, you falling with him and colliding against his chest as you cried into it. "I thought I wasn't going to see my best friend ever again..." Gulping at the sound of best friend, Ben slowly wrapped his arms around you. "I thought I had lost you...and now you're back and you're... different ." Your voice grew low as you clutched onto his shirt and sobbed. "I'm...I'm sorry..." He softly spoke, staring at the sky as your words repeated in his head. He never thought, for once in his life, that you'd considered him as your best friend. "Please, don't ever leave again...I don't want to go through that all over again." "Never..." Shutting his eyes, he hadn't realized how much he had truly missed you until he had you in his arms. Feeling yourself calm down as he held tightly onto you, you focused on the sound of his beating heart as you tried steadying your erratic breathing. "Four years was too long to be away from you..." Reopening his eyes, a few tears had escaped. "I'm sorry." Sitting up as Ben had loosened his grip, you wiped your tears away with your sleeves. "I shouldn't have gone off on you so suddenly, it's just, you were gone for so long..." "I know, I promise I won't ever do that again." Sitting up and lowering your hands from your face, Ben rubbed his thumbs against your cheeks as he wiped the tears that continuously slipped. "I mean, what kind of best friend would do that?" Looking up and seeing him smile, you instantly engulfed him in a hug. "A bad best friend." . . . "Where the hell are they?" Rey mumbled to herself as she stood outside the library, rounding back to it as she had searched the nearby halls and not getting a single sign from either of you. "They didn't just completely ditch me, did they?" "We've been waiting for you in the band room! Did you forget, we have one more rehearsal?" Looking over to her left as she recognized the voice, Rey sighed. "Sorry, I was just looking for Ben and y/n..." Pushing her hand through her hair, Rey turned to Finn. "Why do we need rehearsal, anyway? It's not like-" "Every time you complain about pre-game rehearsals, you always end up being grateful that we do them because a certain someone forgets her notes." Finn crossed his arms as Rey rolled her eyes. "Oh, shut up." Looking around the area one last time, she let out a deep breath, "I guess we can go..." "I'm sure Ben went home and y/n went to practice for the game, no worries." Grabbing her hand, Finn pulled Rey over to the band room. "You're coming to the game, right?" You asked Ben as the two of you stood in front of the girls locker room. After your little outburst, the two of you had decided it wasn't the best to be on the side of the bleachers all on your own, Ben not wanting any rumors to start and cause any trouble. Eventually, you two ended up on the bleachers catching up before you realized you had to meet up with your cheer team. Ben didn't tell you everything, or the full on truth, but just enough to make you think he was fine the four years he was gone. "I wouldn't miss it for a thing," He shrugged as you smiled. "I mean, to support your sister and friend on the field! Rey's killer in band and Poe's an amazing football player." You nodded as Ben smiled down at you. "Yeah, but I think I'm most excited to see you." Feeling your heart skip a beat, you swallowed as you felt your cheeks flourish with heat. "I mean, enthusiastically supporting a team is always pretty cool." Shoving his arm, you chuckled. "It's called cheerleading ." "Yeah yeah, I'll definitely go watch you and your organized chanting." " Ben ," Slumping your shoulder, Ben snickered as he ruffled your hair. "I'm just missing with you, kid." Grunting, you patted down your hair as Ben shoved his hands into his pockets. "I have to go..." You sighed. "We have to do a quick practice routine and then head over." "I guess I'll see you then?" He smirked as you nodded. "I'm sure you'll do great." "Thank you." You lightly grinned, only to see Ben lean in as your stomach turned. Hovering his lips over your cheek, he softly spoke, "Good luck." Leaving a soft kiss, he stood back up straight, turning around and walking off. "Although I'm sure you don't need it." Waving a hand in the air as a goodbye, you waved back, only to let out a deep breath before walking into the locker room. It didn't help one bit that the entire practice, bus ride, and preparation for the game, you had been thinking about Ben...and only Ben. He was running your mind and you weren't sure whether you were annoyed or enjoyed it. As much as you missed the old Ben, the new Ben was much more...courageous and smug, and you were growing to like it--if not-- love it. Looking onto the field as you eyed Rey, you instantly waved over at her and Finn as they waved back. Turing your attention to the crowd, you felt a sudden wave of excitement hit you as you had spotted Ben, instantly smiling as he locked eyes with you. "Hey!" You called out as he walked to the edge of the bleachers. "You came!" "I told you, I wouldn't miss it for anything." Ben smiled. "Plus, Rey kept annoying me about how you and I ditched her so I owed her an apology on both of our behalves." He shrugged. "You're just being a good brother." You winked as he chuckled. "I guess so." "The game starts soon...have you been to any high school football games before?" You curiously asked as Ben shook his head. "Never caught my attention, too busy interested in more of the performing arts." He nodded as you raised your eyebrows. "Really? That's cool, I'm in theater!" You exclaimed as Ben's eyes slightly widened. "Seriously?" Eagerly nodding your head, he snickered. "Never thought you'd be into theater..." "I love it! It's great! I usually try out for plays and musicals if I have time since cheerleading takes over most of my life...but, yeah, it's fun and I love the feel of it." "That's great, maybe one day I can see you sing and act on stage." He smiled as you smiled back, nodding. "Yeah, totally! I'll let you know if it happens!" You shrieked as Ben laughed. "Alright, get into your spots!" Your cheer coach called out as you looked over. "That's my cue, I'll see you later?" You asked as you slowly backed up. "Yeah, definitely!" Ben grinned. "Alright, enjoy the game!" You waved. "Break a leg, doll face." He saluted, turning around and walking back up the bleachers as you stood there, blushing. Doll face . Were you ever going to get used to his newfound nicknames for you? Probably not. It was safe to say that the entire game, you were anxious, trying to act like ben wasn't there watching you; and when you had noticed him in the crowd, it gave you a reason not to slack or to be nervous. Throughout most of the game, you hadn't noticed that Ben had been far more enthralled in you than his own friend on the field playing. He had hoped he was being sly about it as he really didn't want you catching him staring over at you like the creep he was being; but he couldn't help it, you had changed so much yourself, and in his eyes--you were even more beautiful than last time he had seen you. Giving the crowd one last cheer, your eyes suddenly locked with Ben's, you finding yourself freezing up only to instantly snap out of it as you realized this wasn't the time to grow still when you were in the middle of a routine. "Y/n!" One of your friends mumbled over to you as you snapped your attention to her. "You're up!" Gulping, you nearly had forgotten that you were one of the flyers, feeling your heart race as you could feel Ben's eyes latched onto you--now you definitely couldn't screw up. "Thanks." You muttered over to her as she nodded. "What's going on with y/n?" One of the football players spoke over to Poe as the two of them kept their attention on the cheer squad. Looking from you and Ben, Poe smirked the slightest. "She just has a lot on her mind...you know, school's stressful." Nodding his head, the boy turned his attention to the rest of the crowd as Poe continuously looked between the two of you. "Especially when you've got two lovers..." He mumbled to himself. "This isn't like y/n, she's always focused and on point." Finn muttered over to Rey as Rey arched an eyebrow, crossing her arms. "Yeah...very unlike her..." Looking into the crowd, she instantly spotted her brother, following his gaze and choking. "That bastard." "What? What is it?" Finn wondered as Rey swatted a hand. "Nothing, just remembered how Ben took something from me and never returned it..." Keeping her focus on the two of you, Finn simply nodded. "Unbelievable..." Finishing up the routine, you took in a deep breath before heading over to one of the benches--you had felt even more worn out than you usually had after performances. "You alright?" Your coach asked as you nodded. "Yeah, just, a lot on my mind...sorry about that, coach Tano." You breathed, chugging your water as your coach narrowed her eyes just a smidgen. "Try clearing up your mind when your out there, I know how hard it can be to juggle after school activities with in school issues." She stated before patting your shoulder, then walking off as you nodded. "Tell me about it..." Sighing, you shoved your face into the palm of your hands, more than happy that the game was about to end as it had been in its last few minutes of the final quarter. . . . "See you guys tomorrow!" You waved to the remaining cheerleaders who hadn't left yet, you aiming towards the parking lot. "Hey, kid!" Turning around, your heart fluttered as they landed on Ben. "You did great out there!" He smiled as he jogged over to you, only to come to a stop. "Oh, uh, th-thanks..." Taking in a deep breath, you nodded as you held tightly onto your duffle bag. "Thanks, again, for coming." Grinning, Ben shrugged. "It's nothing, I'll gladly come to any other game to support you-" Growing wide eyed, Ben suddenly added on, "And Rey and Poe, of course!" "Oh, yeah! That'd be great of you, we'd all appreciate it." Smiling up at him, Ben let out the smallest of sighs in relief as he kept his gaze on you. "Do you need a ride home?" He curiously asked as you looked over towards the bus stop, not seeing the bus yet. "Well, I was going to take the bus home-" "I'll take you home, it's no big deal." He shrugged. "Plus, I haven't seen your parents in a while, so I think it would be great." Gulping, you forced a smile. "Y-yeah...yeah, uh-I guess you can see them-I mean, take me." Shaking your head, you felt like a complete doofus around him each time you spoke. "Sorry, I'm just really tired and not all here..." You partially lied as Ben wrapped an arm around your shoulder, turning you around to walk to his car. "It's fine, it's a Monday and it's terrible that you had a game to attend to, you must be exhausted." Taking in a quiet breath, you nodded. "Beyond exhausted...physically and mentally drained." "Then I guess I'm your savior since I'm sure if you took the bus you would've probably fallen asleep and missed your stop." Sensing that Ben had been looking down at you as you kept your focus ahead, you chuckled. "Oh, it's happened before...it was pretty bad and it was a Tuesday night and I ended up coming home at like eleven. Luckily, my dad picked me up instead of me going on the bus again." Narrowing his eyebrows the slightest, Ben pulled out his keys. "Sorry to hear...at least you were okay." "Yeah...yeah. I'm still a bit immature..." Awkwardly fiddling your thumbs as you looked down at them, Ben softly smiled. As much as he wanted to hold you close to him and say how you were the cutest, he simply pinched your cheek as he gave you a wide grin. "That's fine, so am I." Feeling your heart flutter as you looked up at him, you gave him a small smile before looking back down. "Here we are!" Stopping in front of the car, you tilted your head the slightest as Ben went to open the passenger door--something Hux rarely did. "Is-isn't this your dad's old car?" You questioned, eyeing the 1977 Chevy Impala. "Yeah, it's his 'precious baby' but I take more care of it than him and he allows me to use it here and there...usually for school, but I kinda borrowed it for tonights event." He nodded as he held your door open, you looking over and swiftly walking to him as you thanked him before sitting down. Taking in deep breaths as you tried your best to steady your overly beating heart, you swallowed hard as you sat there and stared at your thighs, messing with the hem of the skirt before hearing Ben get in to the drivers seat. "You're lucky your dad at least gave you a car...my dad says I can't have a car just yet so I rely on the bus or my own two feet." Looking over at you as Ben could see the disappointment in your eyes, he suddenly shifted in his seat as his face lit up. "Since I live close I can totally give you rides to and from school! If the car doesn't breakdown on me which happens randomly...but when it's working, I can totally do it." Shooting your head up as you smiled, your eyes widened the slightest. "Really?! I mean, I don't want to be a bother-" "Not a bother at all, it's fine by me! Plus, maybe one day I can bring you over and we can hang out." Feeling your cheeks heat up, you slowly nodded. "Yeah, that sounds great." Shifting his eyes from either of your own as you gazed at him, he half smiled. "Great," He softly spoke. "Uh, I should get going, don't want you going to bed too late." Quickly turning his attention away, he popped in a cassette causing you to narrow your eyebrows. "A cassette? So you're one of those indie kids who likes using those?" You chuckled. "Well, seeing as this is an old car and it costs too much to convert it into a CD player, I make my own cassettes...and buy a few." Nodding your head as Ben raised the music, you were curious as to what exactly his music taste was. "Now, don't expect your Lady Gaga or Ariana Grande-" "Hey, there's nothing wrong with some Ariana Grande!" You pointed a finger as Ben playfully rolled his eyes. "There isn't, but, most of my music is pretty...different." He stated as the first song began. "This band's called Wolf Alice, they're pretty cool...maybe you'll like them." Listening to the playlist as you and Ben sat in silence, allowing the music to take over, Ben told you here and there who had performed and what the song was called--and, in all honesty, you grew to love each one you heard. "That one's pretty emo, Ben." You teased. "Well, not all their songs are as upbeat as the other, but it's one of my favorites." He pointed out as he kept his focus on the road. "It isn't bad, I'll admit, I like it." Nodding your head, Ben looked at you for a moment as he smiled. "What's it called again?" You curiously asked. "Silk." Smiling, you wrote the song and its artist in the notes of your phone, "If you want, I can burn a CD for you with the songs you like? I mean, after a few rides with me and you tell which ones you like best." "Oh, yeah, totally! I need more variety in my music-" "I thought there was nothing wrong with Ariana Grande?" He teased as you rolled your eyes. "There isn't , but it's always nice to have a variety in artists." You crossed your arms as Ben chuckled. "Well, I guess you're just going to have to ditch the bus and ride with me for now on." Smiling, you nodded to yourself. If that was an excuse to be around him, then, so be it. Chapter 5 : She Way Out "Thanks for the ride," Gathering your things as you smiled, you looked over to Ben, "Don't you want to come inside? Just to say hi to my parents? My brothers aren't home as they're away in college so..." Eagerly nodding his head, Ben shut off his car. "Yeah, sure!" Smiling, you opened the car door to get out as Ben had done the same, you pulling out your keys. "You know, my mom always asks about you so she'll be more than thrilled to see you." Following you behind as the two of you went to the front door, Ben felt his heart flutter--he truly loved the feeling of being wanted. "That's great, I'm sure she won't recognize me though..." Unlocking the door, you looked over at him, "We'll see about that." Pushing the door open as you removed your keys, you called out, "I'm home! I also brought a guest!" Dropping your duffle bag to a side, you sighed in bliss, happy to be finally home. Hearing quick patters, you suddenly saw a flash of white as Jupiter ran up to you. "Hey, Jup!" You smiled, crouching down to pet the cat as she nuzzled up against you. "You got home quick, was the bus-" Cutting herself off as she had rounded the corner, your mom gasped. "Y/n, is that Ben?!" Narrowing his eyebrows, Ben was thrown aback at how easily your mom recognized him. "How did she...?" He whispered to you as you shrugged, standing back up, holding Jupiter in your arms as she rubbed her head under your chin. "Oh my gosh, you've gotten so...handsome!" Instantly blushing, Ben fell still as you shook your head. "Mom, don't be so blunt." You rolled your eyes as you walked past her. "Come on, Ben, you must be hungry." Pulling him over by the arm, Ben suddenly felt nervous. "I can't believe how tall you've gotten! And your hair has changed, as long with everything else!" Your mom spoke in awe, pulling out a plate for Ben as she placed it on the table, next to yours. "I hope you don't mind lasagna!" "That sounds good!" He nodded as you held up Jupiter, Ben turning around and suddenly seeing the cat in the air, lightly meowing. "Hello, there." He smiled, grabbing onto the cat as she rested in his hold. "She must've missed you, as well..." You pointed out as the cat purred while Ben softly pet the top of her head. "I'll tell you one thing, she's far better than my cat." "Your cat? Since when did you have a cat? I thought all you had was Chewie?" You questioned as your nose had scrunched up. "Yeah, I got him when I moved, thought it would be nice to have a pet with me...but I was wrong, so very wrong. He's satan on four legs, he hates everyone, even me." He rolled his eyes. "He can't be that bad ..." You swatted your hand. "He bites anyone who goes to hold him...I'm not much of a victim like my parents and Rey are as I am his owner, but that doesn't stop him." "Oh, I wanna meet him, maybe he'll be nice to me! You never know?" You shrugged as Ben shook his head. "We'll see about that." Placing Jupiter down, you and ben went to wash your hands as your mom served you two the food. "Your father should be here in any-" "Honey, why is there an old ass chevy in the driveway?" Your father called out from the front of the house as he had walked in. "-second...well, he's here." "That's because it's Ben's car!" You leaned back to see your dad. "Ben? Ben who?" He questioned as he walked over, only to stop. "Who is this? Y/n, do not tell me this is another boy you brought to the house-" "Dad! I'm still with Hux." You chuckled as Ben rolled his eyes, your mom noticing. "This is Ben, Ben Solo? You must remember..." "Oh...oh yeah! No way, this isn't that nerd!" "Dad!" Swatting his chest, your dad kept his eyes on Ben. "What? He looks so... different and... dark. " Your dad raised his eyebrows as you muttered an apology to Ben. "Hello, sir." Standing up from his seat as he bowed his head, Ben stuck out his hand. "It's been a long time." " Clearly ..." Noticing how much he had grown, your father shook Ben's hand before letting go. "So damn tall." He whispered to your mom as she nodded. "So, when did you move back? You were gone for quite a while, y/n was really depressed-" " Mom... " You snapped as Ben felt his stomach fill with butterflies. "Sorry, she was overwhelmed with sadness that you had gone that on Halloween she didn't even do a thing, and that's her second favorite holiday-" "Mom, please!" Sitting there, stunned, Ben nervously laughed. "Yeah, I felt just as bad being gone, I mean, we had become good friends in such short period of time..." Gulping, you looked down at your food as you felt your heart lodged up in your throat. "I can only imagine where you two would be, now-" "Not together, that's for sure." Your dad spoke up as you face-palmed, your mom smacking his arm. "Honey, why don't you go and eat in the dining room?" "But-" " Go. " Your mom insisted as he sighed. "Like I was saying, I'm sure you two would be even closer now, just as she is with Rey...maybe more ." Your mom smiled as your heart thumped. "Yeah, but I'm back now, so hopefully that'll happen!" Ben smiled as you swallowed, feeling your cheeks burn. "I hope so, too..." You added as ben looked over at you for a moment, you giving him a quick smile before looking away, your mom smirking. "Anyways, I've got things to do upstairs, you two enjoy." Smiling, she then walked off as she left you with Ben. "She remembered me." He looked over at you as you dropped your head in shame. "I said I was sorry ..." Ruffling your hair, Ben only chuckled. "It's okay, at least you're still my best friend." Nodding, you let down your fork as you tried fixing your hair. "I may have to rethink that when you keep messing up my hair!" Laughing, Ben only poked your cheek. "You're home, who cares." Blushing, you shook your head at how nonchalant Ben was. . . . "Thanks, again, for taking me home." You smiled as you stood at the front door of your home. "It's nothing, honestly. If you want, I can give you a ride tomorrow morning?" He asked as you nodded. "Yeah, sure, just...uh," Turning around to get your phone, you unlocked it and handed it to him. "Give me your number and I'll let you know." Getting a hold of it as he saved his number, Ben sent himself a message. "Now I have your number." He smiled, handing your phone back. "Better best friend? If Rey saw that you saved your contact as this, she would flip." You locked your phone as you then looked up, seeing him smirk. "That's the whole point." He winked as you nudged him. "I'm changing it to bb for Benny boy." You snickered as Ben rolled his eyes. "Of course..." He sighed. "Well, I gotta get going, thanks for dinner." "Anytime." You smiled, naturally pulling him into a hug and catching him off guard, only for Ben to hug back. "Hold on, someone is attacking my leg..." You mumbled as you let go, turning around to see Jupiter meow. "I think she wants to say goodbye." Picking her up, Ben rubbed under her chin as he smiled. "I'll be back soon, you'll see me again." Hearing her meow, he smiled even more. "Alright, get home safe, okay?" You nodded as Ben nodded back. "Will do." Turning around and watching him walk to his car, you held Jupiter close as you waved goodbye. "See you tomorrow!" Seeing him get into his car, you took in a deep breath. "See you." Closing the door, Jupiter meowed as you grinned. "I know, he's great." . . . Sitting at the counter as you had scarfed down your breakfast, patiently waiting for Ben, you couldn't help but think about how rare it was for Hux to pick you up. His excuses always consisted of "your house isn't nearby" or "I have to get to school earlier for student government" and even sometimes "I don't have time" which only made you give up on the thought of relying on your own boyfriend for rides to and from school. Sighing as you messed with a laser pointer as Jupiter chased it, your phone suddenly buzzed, causing you to jump. I'm here! Smiling at the message, you hopped off the counter and placed the laser back in a drawer. "Bye, Jup!" You smiled as you kissed her head. Rushing over to the front door and walking out, you locked it before aiming towards Ben's car; you'd be lying if you said you didn't feel the slightest of excited for a simple car ride. Seeing you approach the car, Ben took in a deep breath as his eyes landed on your attire. Poe was right and Ben wasn't prepared to see you in your uniform, not when you wore knee socks with that plaid skirt--which only made things far more worse for him. Just don't look down there and you'll be good . "Good Morning!" He smiled as you plopped on to the passenger seat. "Hey!" You smiled back, only to realize he had actually been in uniform this time around. Trying your best not to check him out, you swallowed the newfound lump in your throat. The way his tie was loosely placed around his haphazardly buttoned up dress shirt's collar only made you want to rip it open--especially when the top three buttons were already undone. Forcing yourself to snap out of it, you looked up at his hair to see it was still the pushed back mess like the day before; as much as you wished he'd fix it, somehow you loved the somewhat ragged look. "Thanks a million for the ride-" "Don't worry about it, trust me, at least someone will accompany me to school unlike my own sister." He rolled his eyes as he backed out of your driveway. "She doesn't like riding with you?" "Nope, she prefers leaving with Finn or Poe, even some of her band friends...but that's on her." He shrugged. "Ah, well, to each its own." You nodded as Ben shrugged. "What artists will you be playing today?" "Well, we still have Wolf Alice...we also have The 1975, Twenty One Pilots, and The Killers." He stated. "Oh, The Killers! I only know two songs, though...but it's their popular songs, so it's nothing big." You nodded as Ben chuckled. "How about we start it off with She Way Out by the 1975?" Raising the volume as the music started, you soon found yourself bobbing along. For the next few days it was like this, Ben taking you to and from school, even staying after to watch your practice go on, claiming that he did it to "take you home after" when (in reality) he did it because he found it amusing to see you practice--especially when you were really good at it. "Don't lie to yourself." Poe snickered as he changed back into his uniform. "You don't go to support her, you go to see her in her outfit-" "She isn't in it all the time, okay, they practice in whatever they want!" Ben corrected as he buttoned up his shirt. "Forgive me, you go to see her in her sports bra and skin tight shorts because why wouldn't you be turned on by that?" Poe teased as Ben rolled his eyes. "Leave me alone, I only go because A: I am her ride and B: Hux is a shitty boyfriend and doesn't support her so being the good best friend I am, I take his place." "Both are very true, but admit it, you'll do anything to be around her, lover boy-" "Shut up!" Ben covered Poe's mouth as he looked around his surroundings. "Nobody needs to know, okay? I don't want any trouble, it's enough that it's been almost a week since I started and I've been trouble free." Removing Bens hand, Poe shrugged. "As long as you don't cause shit with Hux, you're fine." "He's too busy being a teachers pet to even have time to notice that his girlfriend is hanging out with her best friend a lot more than himself... psht ." Ben rolled his eyes. "I can't believe she ended up with him in the end." "If you hadn't moved, I'm sure it would've been you...after all, you are her first kiss, and that's something Hux can never say. Although he doesn't know that-" "Neither should you, so keep your mouth shut." Shutting his locker as he gathered his things, both Ben and Poe exited the locker room. "I'm just her best friend, nothing more, I will not ruin that relationship even if I know it's wrong." "We'll see about that..." Poe smirked. "Poe, I am not an asshole, I will not be a dick about it and cause the two to breakup even if I want to be with her. If it's bound to happen, it'll happen naturally ." "Let's hope so, cause I'm rooting for you." Patting Ben's back, the two walked off. . . . "Alright, that should be it you didn't miss much since you're only like two weeks late." You nodded as you had shut your history book, reviewing what your class had gone through before Ben had arrived. "Monday we'll be doing our first project of the school year, so there's that." "Okay, this isn't so bad." Ben looked over his notes before closing them. "Although I'm still a bit lost, I think I'll find my way around." "Maybe I can do a review with you? Since I've only had a short amount of time during each study hall to teach you what you missed, we can go over it again?" You looked over at him as Ben had done the same to you. "Oh, yeah, totally! Just let me know when-" "After school? I don't have practice today since it was cancelled and it's a Friday so we'll have enough time." Grinning at him, Ben felt a smile grow on his face. "Yeah, that's good with me, we can go straight to my place if you want? Maybe then you can meet my demon cat." He chuckled as you then shoved him. "I can't wait, then." Gazing over at him as he had done the same to you, the sudden silence was instantly disrupted as Rey popped her head from around a corner. "H-hey, Rey!" You smiled as Ben sighed, rolling his eyes from how his sister killed the mood. "Hey, bud! Ben..." Completely ignoring her as he swatted a hand, she took in a deep breath. "I thought I'd surprise you with something, well, someone." "What do you mean?" Standing up as you placed your notebook to a side, someone then popped from behind rey, causing you to shriek. "Natasha!" Instantly going to hug the girl, she hugged back. "Hey! I'm happy to be back even though it's pretty late..." The blonde spoke. "That's fine, I'm sure it's excused, but you're back! I'm so happy!" You squealed as you had let her go, almost forgetting Ben was there. "Oh, Natasha, this is Ben...my other best friend." You pointed as Rey arched an eyebrow. "Ben, this is my cousin, Natasha." You smiled as he stood up to greet her. "Other best friend? So Rey and Poe aren't the only title holders?" Natasha teased as Rey groaned. "Although I'm sure Rey took Poe's place..." "Ben is Rey's older brother, same grade level though and I met them around the same time." You stated as Natasha nodded. "Oh wait, the Ben! The Ben you always-" Covering her mouth, you awkwardly chuckled as Rey narrowed her eyebrows while Ben had done the same. "She just meant that I mentioned you because I hadn't seen you in so long!" You lied. "Ah, well it's nice to meet you." Ben smiled before sitting back down. "What are you two doing?" Rey asked as she crossed her arms. "Oh, reviewing what he missed in history, which, I have to do the same with chem...I almost forgot." You looked over at him as he nodded. "We can do that later, as well." Tilting her head the slightest, Rey kept her focus on Ben as he simply ignored her. "Right! Anyway, I'm so glad you're back! You're in the cheer squad still, right?" Seeing her nod, you clapped, only to be shushed. "I guess I better get back to studying, I'll see you two later!" You whispered as Rey held onto Natasha's shoulder, glaring at her brother before turning around and walking off. "I didn't know you had a cousin? Well, I mean, who attended this school." Ben looked over at you as you nodded. "She went to my middle school as well but left in the summer of seventh, then came back midway through eighth grade and met Rey and Poe." You stated as you started gathering your things, seeing as how the school day--and week--was almost over in just a few minutes. Watching you stand up, Ben did the same as he tossed his backpack over his shoulder, "That explains why I didn't know." He sighed as you nodded. "It's alright, you met her anyways!" You smiled over at him before walking out from between the bookshelves you two sat in. "By the way, I was checking out a few of the bands you had shown me and I started listening to Wolf Alice." You spoke over your shoulder. "I think my favorite is Your Loves Whore!" "Really?" Ben grinned as he stuffed a hand into one of his pants pockets while the other held onto the strap of his bag. "That would be your favorite." Stopping midstep as your hand lied against the library door, you looked over at him, "And you say that because...?" Arching an eyebrow at him, Ben chuckled as he lifted his hands up in defense. "Because the one song that's somewhat the nicest would be your favorite, I mean-" "I'll have you know I also really loved Giant Peach!" You swiftly turned your head back ahead before walking out, Ben sighing and rushing after you. "Wait! I'm only kidding!" "Yeah, yeah, you think I only listen to pop and anything thats' super upbeat and bubblegummy...I'll have you know one of my favorite bands is super emo!" You turned around as you had lifted up a finger. "One of your favorite?" Ben stopped as he crossed his arms, raising an eyebrow. "Okay, the only band I know...anyway, that doesn't matter!" You shook your head. "This band is like, insanely unknown so I have to listen to them on soundcloud and, honestly, I don't even know how they look...I just know their name and music and that's about it. But they're really good, okay! Even if they're undergound." Nodding his head, Ben then moved his arms to cross them behind his head, "And who might they be?" Tilting your chin up, you crossed your arms, too. "You probably wouldn't know them." "Well, if you tell me who they are, then maybe I will..." Looking back over at him, you let out a small breath. "Knights of Ren." Gulping, Ben fell frozen as his heart stopped. "Y-You...Knights of...Knights of Ren?" Awkwardly laughing as he rubbed the back of his neck, Ben shrugged. "Never heard of them." "Hah!" You pointed a finger again up to him, "I knew you wouldn't!" "Y-yeah..." He nodded, swallowing the lump in his throat as if his heart had lodged up there. "You should listen to them, I think you'd like them." Seeing you shrug as you turned around and continued walking, Ben let out a deep breath as if he had been holding it the whole time, following after you. "I'm sure I would..." . . . "I honestly don't know why I used my free science class to be AP chemistry." You sighed. "I only really did it because that's the only class Hux and I would have together..." Furrowing his eyebrows as Ben watched you flip through your notes, the two of you were now sitting in his bedroom, you on his bed as he sat on a rolling chair in front of you. "You must be a great girlfriend then to do that and not take something you'd like instead." "It's fine." You swatted a hand. "I mean...there's nothing else I'd take, plus, I have you in the class." Feeling his heart flutter, you only looked up at Ben and smiled. "Yeah..." He nodded, looking down at his notebook with a small smile. "I just wish you sat closer..." You bit on your pen as you didn't even dare look up at him when you said that, already nervous as it is to be alone with him in his room. "But, at least we have history together and you sit behind me!" Feeling his smile grow, Ben nodded as he sat up. "Yeah, which is great, seeing as we're the only two." "Totally! I mean, nothing wrong with having the gang with us...but, it's nice to have one on one best friend time..." You nervously looked up as Ben had the biggest grin on his face, causing you to gulp. "Definitely." Hearing Ben's door creak open the slightest, you looked up as Ben had done the same, looking over and sighing. "You wanted to meet the little devil, didn't you?" Leaning forward as you watched the cat slowly approach Ben's bed, you gasped the slightest. "He's absolutely beautiful!" "He's the devil ." Ben glared as he eyed the cat. Rolling your eyes, you reached your arms out, only to see the black cat hop onto Ben's bed and casually sit on your legs. "I knew he'd like me!" You smiled, petting him as Ben gawked. "What the hell, Kylo?!" Narrowing your eyebrows, you looked over at Ben. "You named your cat Kylo? Wh-what is a Kylo?" "It's a name I made up as a kid, big imagination, it's a long story..." Ben waved his hand dismissively. "But that isn't what's important, what's important is that Kylo actually likes someone!" "Well, he's got good taste," You smirked as you looked back down at the cat. "You don't say..." Ben mumbled as you looked up, unsure of what he had just said. "Huh?" Feeling his cheeks flourish with heat, he quickly looked down at his notebook. "Oh, nothing..." Spending the rest of your time teaching Ben and reviewing what you had learned and what he had missed in Chemistry and History, the two of you found yourselves sitting in silence as you worked on your homework. Even though it was complete silence, it was a comfortable one, something that didn't make you fell out of place or uneasy. As much as you preferred to be conversing with him, over anything that he was enthusiastic about, being surrounded by the sound of a pen scribbling against paper and the ambience the two of you exerted was all you could ask for--as long as you were with him. Looking up from his notebook as Ben saw you kicking your legs back and forth, lying on your stomach as you read while Kylo had fallen asleep on your back, he couldn't help but smile. You had changed so much in those four years he was gone; Ben couldn't get over your beauty and how he thought it was impossible for someone to get even more beautiful. The one thing he hated from your change--your boyfriend. Gulping, Ben took in a deep breath before speaking up. "Hey, uh..." Seeing you look up, Ben awkwardly rubbed the back of his neck. "I was a little bored from homework and took a break and did some research on that band you mentioned-" "Knights of Ren?" You questioned as he nodded. "Yeah, them...so, I found out that they're doing a show-" "Really?!" You exclaimed as you sat up, Kylo instantly jumping off and sitting next to you as you saw Ben smile the slightest as he nodded again. "It's tomorrow, actually, and I was wondering if maybe you'd like to go together? I mean, since you insisted I listen to them." Eagerly nodding your head, Ben chuckled. "One problem, I won't be able to take you-" "No worries! I'll take the bus if anything! Just let me know the details." You grinned as Ben looked down at his phone. "I'll send you the link." "You know, it would be really nice if you said-" Cutting herself off, you looked over to see Rey standing in the doorway. "What are you doing here? Ben, you could have told me y/n was here!" Rey exclaimed, walking over to you. "C'mon, let's hang in my room." Seeing his sister about to grab your hand, Ben stood up, "Whoa, hey, we're hanging out." Narrowing her eyebrows, Rey looked at you. "You guys are hanging out?" Nodding your head, you hummed, "Mhm." Arching an eyebrow, Rey placed a hand on her hip."Why?" "Why not?" Ben crossed his arms. "Are you seriously trying to steal my best friend, Ben?" Rey then crossed her arms as she turned to face her brother. "She's my best friend as well, remember?" He tilted his head the slightest as you sighed. "As much as it's funny to see you two fighting over me, it's already half past seven and I should go home for dinner." You spoke up, packing your things as Rey grunted. "Look what you did, Ben-" "Me?! We were fine before you barged in! Since when were you here? The house was empty-" "I just got here, but mom and dad have been here for an hour and you have yet to say hi to them." Rey arched an eyebrow as Ben rolled his eyes. "I'll say hi to them when I leave to take y/n home, you need a ride, right?" Ben snapped his head over at you as your breath got stuck in your throat, shocked at how aggressive he had become. Pulling your bag over your shoulder, you spoke up. "Uh, yeah, but I can-" Walking over to you and grabbing your hand, Ben tugged you out of his room. "B-bye, Rey!" You waved, Ben pulling you across the hall and down the stairs. "Hello!" He haphazardly waved at his parents as you two passed by them. "Ben?" Leia called out, "Y/n?" "H-hello, mister and misses Solo!" You smiled and waved, the two watching with confused looks as Ben dragged you with him. Unlocking his car and opening the passengers seat door, you climbed in only to have Ben shut the door behind you as he made his way around to the drivers seat. Sitting there with wide eyes, you were the slightest of flustered at the sight of how feisty Ben was, fighting over you. "Are you alright?" You asked him as he sat down, hands on the wheel as he took in a deep breath and nodded, backing out of the driveway and heading off. For the whole ride, the two of you sat quietly, only hearing the music playing from his cassette as it echoed within the car. "What's this song?" You broke the silence, curiosity taking over you. "Ribs." Nodding your head, you pulled out your phone to search it, only for Ben to continue on, "By Lorde." "Thank you." You slightly smiled as you two continue to sit in silence until he arrived at your place. Parking his car, Ben turned to look at you, "I'm sorry...for being rude." "Oh, oh it's fine!" You smiled as you looked at him. Taking in a deep breath, he looked down in shame. "It's just, I haven't been able to hang with you for so long and I really wanted to just be with you but Rey came in and, unlike her, I wasn't able to be around you for four years and see you grow into the person you are today..." Sighing, he rubbed his face before leaning his head against the headrest. "I can't believe how jealous I sound..." "It's-it's okay!" You nodded, turning your whole body to face him. "I understand where you're coming from, I mean, I'd be the same way...plus, I'm sure Rey will eventually understand what sharing is!" You joked as Ben chuckled, causing you to smile. "Thank you for the ride, I'll see you tomorrow." Leaning over to kiss his cheek, Ben felt them instantly heat up as he watched you get out of the car. One second, he was insanely irritated by his sisters actions, then the next, he was melting in his seat by your simple kiss on the cheek. His heart was pounding and his cheeks were hurting from the smiling he had been doing, he was glad you hadn't turned around, because if you had, he was sure you would've been creeped out. He just wished he could feel your lips against his once again. "Maybe some day..." Chapter 6 : Too Good "A concert?" Sitting on the bar stool as your mother worked around the kitchen, you nodded. "How much?" Stopping in her tracks to look at you, you shook your head. "Absolutely free! There's no fee since they're not like a profiting band, they just do small gigs." You smiled, in hopes she'd say yes. "A band? Is this that band you listen to on repeat? The only rock band out of all your music?" Slumping your shoulders, you slowly nodded. "What was it again? Knights of...Knights of..." "Knights of Ren, mom, Knights of Ren." Sighing, your mom shrugged. "Whatever, them. So, Ben is going with you?" Going back to cleaning up the kitchen, your mom had her back facing you as she smirked. "Yeah, well, we're meeting up. I was going to take the bus if anything..." You trailed on as you messed around with the cuff of your sleeve. Turning back around, your mom swatted a hand. "I can take you, just let me know if you'd need a ride back," She smiled; the second you said Ben was going with you, she was all for it, but didn't want to be too obvious to the fact that she favored Ben (over Hux any day). "Alright, perfect!" Hopping off the chair, you went to kiss her cheek. "Thank you!" Making your way over to the stairs, you stopped mid-way. "Oh, by the way...it's being held in Creature Cantina." Before she could even scold you, you rushed up the steps, stifling a laugh. "Y/n! You know how I-...never mind, as long as Ben keeps you safe." She mumbled to herself as you were already long gone, up in your room, quietly cheering to yourself--you definitely won't be able to sleep. Humming along to one of their songs as you undressed yourself, you took a quick shower only to find yourself shrieking in excitement, the thought of going to your favorite band's 'concert' with your best friend--whom you hadn't seen in four years--made you insanely happy. "YAY!" Pacing back and forth in his room as he loosened up his tie, sliding it off and tossing it into his hamper, Ben unbuttoned the first few buttons of his dress shirt. "Holy fuck..." Taking in a deep breath, he pushed his hand through his hair. "Fuck fuck fuck!" "Can you shut up?" Rey peaked her head into his room, only for Ben to shove his hand against her face and push her out. "Leave me alone, Rey." Pressing his back up against his door, he leaned his head back, sighing. He wasn't sure what was worse--the fact that he invited you to his own concert or the fact that you eventually were most likely going to tell him off for lying. Pushing himself off the door, he trudged to his bed and rubbed his face, haphazardly tossing himself back as he lied his back against the mattress. "I'm screwed." . . . "I couldn't sleep last night, I thought I'd let you know," You spoke into the phone, "I was a little too eager and pumped for tonight...I mean, I think I only slept a good three hours." Chuckling as you had walked in and out of your closet, trying to find a good outfit, Ben smiled from his end of the line. "Well, as much as I would like to scold you for not sleeping enough hours, I--too--was a bit...anxious. I mean, only because I haven't been to a concert before so I don't really know what to expect-" "You've never been to a concert before, yet, you listen to all those bands?" You arched an eyebrow. "No, no, that's not what I meant..." Sighing, Ben gulped, "I mean, I've never gone with like...anyone who isn't Rey or my parents, or maybe a few guy friends-" "Basically a girl." You arched a brow. "Basically a girl..." Ben nodded as you smiled. "Well, I'm sure it'll be the greatest experience seeing as I get a bit too enthusiastic for these kinds of things...plus, I really love KOR, so you'll get a side of me you've never seen before." Eyeing the multiple outfits lied out on your bed, Jupiter quietly walked into your room and hopped on to your bed, casually lying on one of the outfits. "Also, I don't know about you, but my cat is very useful." Picking up all the other outfits and putting them away, you decided to go with the one Jupiter had sat on. "I still can not believe how much Kylo loved you..." Lying on his bed and staring at his ceiling, he heard light movement coming from somewhere in his room, only to turn his head to a side to see Kylo chewing on one of Ben's shoes. "He is literally the biggest jerk, he's chewing on my shoe right now." Grabbing one of his pillows, he tossed it at the cat, only to see him dart out. "No respect, I tell you." Laughing, you went to move Jupiter to a side in order to get the clothing, seeing her curl back into a ball on your bed as if it was nothing. "Our cats are two ends of the spectrum, Jupiter is a complete sweetheart--a bit lazy--but she's great." "Lucky you," Ben rolled his eyes, regretting he ever got the cat. "Well, I should start getting ready, I'll see you there." Sitting up from his bed as he felt his phone buzz continuously from his bandmates, Ben didn't want to hang up just yet, but he had to get ready for the show. "See you there," You bit your lip, hanging up the phone and tossing it on your bed as you picked up a pillow and screamed into it. This was probably the most exciting thing that has ever happened in the last four years...aside from winning competitions with your cheer squad or when your twin brothers moved out for college. "Speaking of brothers..." Walking over to your desk, you grabbed your laptop and sat it on your bed, turning it on as you went to change. Absolutely no one knew about what you felt towards Ben, no one knew about why you truly were upset about his departure and absolutely no one knew about your first kiss with him...of course, except for your brothers--they knew everything . Unlike everyone else, they completely ignored the fact that you were, indeed, dating hux and--instead--focused solely on Ben. They just preferred him over Hux any day (just like their mother). Logging onto skype and video calling the two, you came in and out as you had done your make up and fixed your hair. "Well, if it isn't y/n..." "Hey, dweebs." You walked past your laptop as you went for your shoes. "Any 411?" Jay asked as he shoved Ty to a side. Popping your head into the camera, you arched a brow. "Seriously?" "Yes, seriously!" Ty exclaimed. "Aside from him being back and the two of us getting closer again-" "And him having classes with you, saying history is his favorite because of the view, also the whole you crying on him and telling him off, and the whole him being annoyed with Rey trying to take you away...yes, aside from that." Jay waved his hand for you to speak up. "Okay, well, we are going to that concert today..." You bit your inner lip as you felt butterflies in your stomach. "That's right! And it's just you two?" Ty asked as you proceeded to nod. "I'm telling you, she needs to dump that arm dude already..." He spoke to Jay. "Arm dude?" Jay furrowed his eyebrows. "Yeah, arm...arm...something gate?" "No, no, I think it's Eremitage." "No, I don't-" "Armitage, its Armitage you guys." You chuckled while shaking your head, putting a baseball cap on as you plopped on your bed, Jupiter sitting up and moving closer to you. "Oh, right...him." Ty flared his nostrils--the two weren't fond of Hux. "Jupiter!" Jay shrieked. "Aw, I miss her..." "I'm sure she does not miss you two." You snickered as you pet her. "Harsh, very harsh little sister." Rolling your eyes at Jay, you sat back and continued on talking to them, completely switching the subject as you didn't want to talk too much about Ben. "And that's how Jay and I almost got kicked out of the university." Shaking your head as you slammed your palm against your forehead, you sighed. "Unreal...you two are unbelievable...how are you guys my brothers?!" Narrowing your eyes, the two snickered. "Someone had to be the semi-normal one in the family, y/n...even though it took you years to become that." Jay pointed out. "Shut up, I was a very lazy and adventurous child, I have calmed down a bit-" "Now she just crushes on her best friends brother who she considers to be her best friend as well even though she's taken-" "Shut up, Ty!" You groaned. "I'm hanging up." "No, don't-" Ending the call, you looked at the time to see you had to go. "Right on time." Shutting your laptop, you grabbed your bag and looked in the mirror to make sure you looked fine. "Y/n, let's go!" Your mother called out. "I'm coming!" Feeling the anticipation kicking in, you texted Ben, telling him you were on your way. "This better not last all night, you know how I feel about Creature Cantina..." Your mother pointed a finger as you swatted your hand. "Yeah, yeah, I know I'll be there for like two hours tops...it's a small gig, it won't be long." Walking towards the front door as your mother followed you, she arched an eyebrow. "Better not be." . . . "You let me know if you need a ride home, okay?" Your mom called out as you had gotten out of the car. "Will do!" You waved, walking off. The entire ride there you had continuously checked your phone, not receiving a single message from Ben. "Come on, where are you?" Deciding to call him, it went straight to voicemail. "No way..." Grunting, you walked into the cluttered bar, not seeing a single sign of a really tall young man that you could easily point out in a crowd. Texting him and calling him once more as you didn't want to seem like a nuisance, there was no response nor did he pick up the phone. Feeling a bit anxious, you frowned as the lights began to dim, feeling completely stood up. "I can't believe this, he stood me up..." You muttered to yourself as you pouted, standing towards the back and already wanting to go back home. Just about to walk out and aim for the bus stop (as you felt bad for having to call your mom to come right back), you stopped in your tracks as you heard an oh too familiar voice speak up into the microphone as it echoed throughout the bar. "Thanks for coming tonight, it means a lot to know that people enjoy our music. For those of you that don't know, we're Knights of Ren." Hearing the music start, your head slowly turned to the stage as you blinked, suddenly feeling your heart sink to the pit of your stomach as butterflies swarmed it-- Ben? Growing wide eyed as you instantly gasped, you couldn't help but gawk as you watched Ben perform on the stage; he was in the band? Better yet, he was the lead singer and he didn't bother to tell you? Rather, just lie and say he had never heard of Knights of Ren? "Oh my god..." Gulping, the two of you suddenly made eye contact, causing you to become even more nervous as Ben smiled over at you. All along, your best friend was the lead singer of the one band you loved to death, yet, you didn't know. You couldn't help but feel embarrassed as you had freaked out to him about your love for his band. Had he found it to be weird? It couldn't be, seeing as he had invited you to his own concert. Maybe he just wanted to surprise you, seeing as that's exactly what you are. Whatever it may be, the entire performance you had found yourself running over and over the thought that Ben Solo--your second best friend--was the lead singer (and guitarist) of your favorite band. Aside from that, you couldn't help but enjoy the music much more live than recorded, especially when it was Ben singing and not some unknown man you hadn't bothered to even look up. But, now that you knew who it was, your heart ached with the sound of the music, his voice echoing throughout your mind as your body wanted to just melt then and there. You weren't sure what it was or how the music--let alone, his voice--made you feel such way, but you were enjoying it. It was just that good. And maybe since you knew this man pretty well, it all made it worth while. "Thank you, again! And thank you Creature Cantina for having us." Bowing his head, Ben eyed you and smirked the slightest before walking off stage as you stood there, frozen in awe. Letting out a breath as you tried easing your throbbing heart, a hand suddenly grabbed onto your own, dragging you off. Just about to snatch your hand from whoever it was rudely pulling you away, you suddenly recognized the back of their head as you gulped. Ben . Swiftly moving through the crowd as Ben held onto your hand, tightly, he tugged you over to the back room. Pushing the door open, he pulled you in as he shut it behind him, you instantly letting go of his hand and smacking his arm. "You jerk!" You pointed a finger as Ben has gasped, holding his arm. "What was that for?!" Rubbing his arm, he tried his best not to laugh. "You know exactly why! I-I can't believe that you're in a band! You're in the band!" Tugging at your hair, you grunted, "Ugh! I feel like such an idiot freaking out to you when all along you were in it!" Shrugging, Ben swatted a hand as he smiled, placing his hands on his hips. "It's fine, pretty awesome to see your best friend in shock when she finds out you're in her favorite band-" "You're the damn lead singer! Lead singer, Ben! And-and you can play the guitar!" You exclaimed, your mind wanting to explode. "I can not believe this..." "I am a good liar, you've gotta admit..." Tilting your head as you gave him a look, he chuckled. "What? I think it's the greatest surprise you've ever experienced." Sighing, you shrugged the slightest. "Maybe..." Taking a step forward, he cupped your cheeks as you frowned. "Admit it...I am the absolute greatest..." Rolling your eyes as he smiled, you shook your head. "No way, if anything, you're the absolute worst!" You shoved his hands off as he snickered. "Whatever, you're just in denial." Crossing his arms as he scoffed, you glared at him only to hear muttering. "You didn't tell us you'd bring in a groupie!" Looking over, you narrowed your eyebrows at the boy walking in your direction alongside another. "She's not a groupie, Jesse." Ben rolled her eyes. "Excuse me, who are they?" You spoke up as Jesse gasped. "We are part of Knights of Ren! I'm Jesse and this one over here," Wrapping his arm around his friend as he patted his chest, Jesse smirked, "He's Sam." "Oh...oh!" Growing wide eyed, Ben shook his head. "Bassist and drummer!" You stated as the two nodded with a small laugh. "And who must you be?" Jesse asked as he grabbed your hand to kiss the back of it as Ben rolled his eyes. "I think she's Ben's girlfriend, who he never told us about." Sam glared. "Oh, no no..." Ben shook his head as you slowly took your hand back, smiling at Jesse. "She's not my girlfriend, she isn't even my type." Feeling your smile instantly drop, your heart sunk. "Damn, didn't know you even had a type." Sam arched an eyebrow. "I mean, you've only ever dated that Daniella girl..." Dated? Clenching your jaw as you felt offended and the slightest of hurt, you cleared your throat. "I have to head home, I told my mom I wouldn't be here for more than two hours." You nodded as Ben looked over at you, shifting from harshly glaring at Sam to then frowning over at you. "You still have time? Don't you?" Ben asked with a small smile as you completely avoided eye contact, shaking your head. "I think the show was enough as it is...plus, my brothers are coming to visit tomorrow and I have to get up early for that." You lied. "I can give you a ride home?" Ben offered as you bit your tongue. "I'll take the bus, actually, it's a better ride." You nodded, causing Ben to scrunch up his eyebrows. "It was nice to meet you two!" You lightly smiled and waved at Jesse and Sam (not even bothering to say goodbye to Ben) before turning around and exiting the room, storming out of the place as you didn't want to look at Ben any longer. It shouldn't have bugged you as much as it was, you shouldn't have felt hurt when he said you weren't his type and you definitely shouldn't have felt the slightest of jealous when they had mentioned Ben's ex-girlfriend; yet, here you were, a ticking time bomb. The night was going so well and you were more than excited--and the slightest of turned on--knowing your best friend was in a band. But, instead, you found yourself wiping away the small tears that escaped as you rushed out of the bar and over to the bus stop--you hadn't felt so embarrassed in the longest. If you weren't Ben's type, then why did he bother to act such way towards you? Did he just say it to say it? Or were you not 'emo' enough for him with all your pastels and pale colors; the variety of color in your wardrobe rather than simple black and dark grey being too much of a contrast. Whatever it may be, it ignited something within you, but at the moment, you were fuming . "What was that shit about?" Jesse took a step forward as Ben rubbed his face. "Not your type? That's a load of crap! Isn't she-" "It doesn't matter, Jesse..." Ben sighed, moving over to sit on the backrooms couch, "She has a boyfriend." "You still didn't have to say that she wasn't your type, dude, even if she doesn't like you, that's harsh!" Jesse exclaimed as Ben groaned, leaning his head back. "Just leave it." Sam spoke up. "Look, it doesn't matter, she's taken and only sees me as her best friend...why would it be harsh?" Ben lifted his head up as Jesse tilted his own. "Are...are you serious? Am-am I the only one who saw her reaction?" Jesse looked at Sam as Sam shook his head. "You saw that, right? That her mood dropped? She was smiling and the second you said that, she frowned." Jesse crossed his arms. "Like I said, even if she doesn't like you, it was harsh." Rubbing his face once again as Ben threw his head back, he took in a deep breath and stared at the ceiling-- what a dick move . "Hey, mom?" Speaking into your phone as you took a seat on the bus, you leaned your head against the window, "I'm headed back home...the gig was pretty short and it was great, I'm just really tired and want to go to bed...I'll see you soon." Hanging up, you looked at the screen only to see Ben's name pop up. Ignoring the text messages, you sighed as you slid your phone into your purse. You just needed time, although you had four years away from him, maybe you were just meant to be far away from him. Impossible... As much as you wanted to convince yourself that you shouldn't be worked up and that you were 'better than that', it was bothering you more than it should. "Ugh..." Sinking into the chair as you groaned, you rubbed your face, in hopes somehow you could evaporate. "This is absolutely pointless..." . . . "I expected you to be gone longer, I honestly thought you were calling to say that you were going to stay a little longer..." Your mom popped out from behind the wall of the kitchen as you walked in, shutting the door behind you and taking in a quiet breath. "Huh?" Turning around, you shook your head, "Oh, no...I'm just really tired, I barely slept last night." Nodding your head as you walked past her, your mom narrowed her eyebrows, knowing very well that something was off. "What about Ben?" "What about him?" You asked, climbing up the stairs. "Did you see him?" Holding onto the railing as she looked up at you, you nodded. "Yeah...apparently he's in the band, little did I know." Raising her eyebrows as she watched you walk down the hallway, she lightly gasped. "That's amazing! Your best friend is in your favorite band!" She exclaimed as you rolled your eyes, opening your bedroom door. "I guess..." Walking in and shutting the door behind you, you tossed your purse onto your dresser as you plopped onto the bed, staring at the ceiling as you lied your hands on your stomach. "I have Hux, and he's all that matters..." You muttered to yourself. "Hux would never leave me for four years straight without trying to communicate." Sighing, you groaned in annoyance as that wasn't helping you either. Sitting up, you got up to get your phone, unlocking it to seeing the messages from ben. I hope you enjoyed the show Sorry we couldn't hangout much Please get home safe Let me know when you get home, please I'm assuming you got home, or at least I hope, again...I'm sorry we couldn't hangout much You must be asleep then...I'll stop bugging you Goodnight Taking in a deep breath, you bit your bottom lip, finger hovering over the keyboard. Goodnight . About to press send, you deleted the message and closed the app, calling Hux in hopes he'd answer. "Y/n? Hello..." Smiling, you lied back on your bed. "Hey, did I wake you?" "No, I was about to go to bed...everything alright?" "I just wanted to call to hear from you, hope your day went well." Messing with your hair as you covered your face with it, your mind was bugging you about Ben. "Anyway, I'll talk to you later, love you." Hearing him take in a deep breath, you rolled on your stomach. "I love you, too...goodnight." "Night, Armi." Hanging up with a small smile, you placed your phone on your nightstand, standing up to change into your pajamas. The entire time you had been changing, your mind pondered over bens words. It didn't seem truthful, at least to you. You're just in denial . But then again, the Ben you knew now was different from the Ben you knew then; for all you knew, he was telling the truth and you were just as doubtful as ever. How childish, maybe it's about time I change. Shutting off your room lights as you went under the covers of your bed, you grabbed your phone, unlocking it and opening Ben's messages. Goodnight Hitting send, you let out a small breath before placing your phone back down, pulling the covers up as your lack of sleep eventually caught up with you, instantly knocking out. "Hey, honey, how was your show?" Leia asked as Ben walked in, shoulders slumped. "Fine." He simply stated as her eyebrows narrowed the slightest. "Are you alright?" Walking up to Ben and grabbing his arm, he nodded. "Yeah, I'm fine." He lied. "Did y/n meet up with you after? What did she think?" Leia smiled. "Yeah! She was shocked, to say the least..." He lightly smiled as he nodded. "I'm exhausted, I'm gonna head to bed." Sliding his arm from his mothers hold as he kissed the top of her head, he walked off, up the staircase. "Sleep well, honey." She smiled up at Ben as he simply waved, only to feel his phone buzz. Opening it up and seeing your name, his heart skipped a beat: Goodnight Smiling as he let out a sigh, he walked into his room, feeling the slightest of relieved. "At least she isn't mad at me." Chapter 7 : Somebody Else It had been over a whole day, almost thirty hours to be exact, since you had last spoken to Ben. The entire day of Sunday was spent busying yourself with things you really didn't need to do--spending hours cleaning your room, going over your homework twice, going for a morning and afternoon jog, and many other things your mom couldn't seem to understand. You just had no desire to think about Ben whatsoever, even if small things had reminded you of him. "Thirty hours, Poe, it's been over thirty hours since she last spoke to me..." Ben walked alongside Poe, "And even in chemistry she didn't bother to say hi to me! She was all over Hux! You should've seen it, it was disgusting ." He threw his hands up. "I-...thirty? Did you really keep track?" Poe stopped as Ben grunted. "It-it doesn't matter! What matters is that she was extra affectionate towards Hux, she wasn't like this, not once last week! She would be wrapping her arm around his, lying her hand on his thigh, kissing his cheek, smiling, laughing! Why is she even laughing?! Hux isn't funny at all! He's a dried up, Englishman with no funny bone!" Ben breathed as he felt his face heat up. "Did you do something wrong?" Poe asked as he continued to walk on, Ben standing there and instantly feeling guilty as he remembered what he said back at the bar. "No..." "Liar!" Poe pointed a finger as he instantly turned around. "What did you say, Ben?" "I-...uh..." Unable to speak, Poe glared. "I said she wasn't my type, alright!" "WHAT?!" Poe shouted, causing the people surrounding the two to quiet down. "Mind your business, people!" He swatted a hand as they all continued on. "Why on Earth would you say that, you dumbass?!" "I-I...I am not a dumbass! Okay?! I wasn't thinking straight and the first thing that came to mind-" "Was to say she wasn't your type? How stupid can you be?! Honestly, this is the girl of your dreams , she is legit everything you've ever wanted! If you could google 'what's Ben Solo's type?' it would fuckin' say her name as the answer!" Tugging at his curls, Poe growled. "Ah, damnit, Ben!" "Look, I'm sorry!" "Don't apologize to me, idiot, apologize to her!" Poe pointed a hand. "I have her now for history, if anything, I'll do it then." Ben nodded as Poe glared. "You better or I swear..." And as history had began, Bens hopes grew weaker and weaker with every chance he got to apologize, only to be interrupted. It started off with someone else sitting in your seat (which you purposely told them to as you said you needed to speak with one of the cheerleaders that sat nearby), then it lead to the teacher telling you to move back which gave Ben an opportunity; but it was clear you were in no mood to talk. Every time he went to tap your shoulder, or every time you went to hand something back, you came up with an excuse as to why you couldn't speak to him. "For fucks sake." Ben muttered as he sunk into his spot, tugging at his hair in frustration. Ripping out a piece of paper and writing on it, he was instantly interrupted as the teacher called his name. "Ben Solo." "Yes, sir?" He looked up. "You will be partnered with y/n for this mini project." Growing wide eyed as he nodded his head, eagerly, you only felt your heart sink as you slumped your shoulders in disappointment--this was exactly what you tried avoiding in the first place when you had switched seats. "Alright," He lightly smiled as you gritted your teeth. "Hey, for the project-" Standing up as the bell had rung, you looked at Ben, "We can discuss this later." Walking off, he sat there, blinking. Were you really that worked up? . . . "It's later!" Ben called out from down the hall, you completely ditching study hall. "We need to decide where we're going to do this mini project..." Walking over to you as you had stopped midway in your tracks, you turned around. "I have cheer practice after school-" "I can wait and take you with me over to my place?" "Yeah, whatever, sure." Turning back around as you rushed off, Ben narrowed his eyebrows. It was enough that you ignored him all day Sunday, and today, now this? He only felt himself grow irritated with how rude you were being towards him. So what if he said you weren't his type? You shouldn't be so hurt when you clearly had a boyfriend! Heading over to the bleachers as he was going to have to wait for you, he spent his whole time watching you practice as he sat there, seething. Now he was just more upset in you than himself; sure, if he had said something far more harsh, then he would've gone out of his way to apologize...but, by the way you were acting, he felt as if you didn't need an apology, rather, he did. And you knew very well Ben was watching you, you could feel his eyes burning into your back with every movement you made and it was making you sick. You were just annoyed, so very vexed in this man and his attitude, and you wanted nothing from him--or at least your jealousy was speaking for you. But why were you so jealous? Oh, that's right, because you weren't his type but his first ever girlfriend--who you never knew about--was. You were just so bitter and everyone in the cheer squad could tell something was bothering you. "Y/n?" The coach called out. "Yes?" You peeked your head up. "Are you feeling alright? You seem a bit off and that isn't very like you, you always put all your effort into your routines..." "I'm fine, it's nothing!" You swatted your hand with a smile. "I think you should take a break, or head home early-" "No, no! It's fine! I'm a flyer and-" "It's alright, we can always rehearse tomorrow with you," She nodded as you sighed. "I want your best, alright? So head home and come back tomorrow with all you've got." "Alright..." You sighed, walking over to grab your things. "See you later." Getting a group of waves back, you walked off, Ben noticing this and instantly climbing down the bleachers. aiming straight for you. "I think we should get going to get this project started seeing that it's half past four and it's due Wednesday." Ben popped up, lightly startling you. "Jeez, give me a heart attack, will you?" You held onto your chest as Ben shifted his jaw. "Oh, I'm sorry, did I scare you? I'm surprised you even noticed me!" Walking ahead of you as you furrowed your eyebrows and tightened your fists, you rushed on past him, aiming for his car. "Do you even know where I parked?!" Ben called out as you found yourself speed walking to it, turning around to face him as you pointed at the clunker. "Yes, Ben, your car is the only piece of junk in this entire parking lot!" "The Millennium Falcon is not a piece of junk, how dare you!" He stormed over as you scrunched up your nose. "Millennium Falcon? Who the hell calls their car that?!" You spat as Ben shoved you aside to unlock the car door. "My father, that's who!" Rolling your eyes, you shoved him out of your way to get into the passenger seat. "Your father is a good looking man with poor taste in naming," Eyeing Ben up and down, you then arched an eyebrow, " Clearly ." Shutting the door as Ben stood there, gasping, he trudged over to the drivers seat, getting in as you sat there and looked out the passenger window stubbornly. "My father is not a good looking man and my name is perfectly fine, Kenobi ." Ben snapped as he looked at you before backing his car out, you crossing your arms and rolling your eyes as you felt like a complete brat--though, in your defense--Ben deserved this attitude from you. "Well, if your father isn't a good looking man then you must be flat out hideous!" You fired back as Ben narrowed his eyes, lightly growling as he sped home. "And you have an old man name who lives alone in the middle of nowhere tending to his crops!" You huffed, turning your head away before muttering, " Solo ." Gasping, Ben snapped his head over at you. "May I remind you that that old man you're insulting is your grandfather!" Growing wide eyed as you shot a look at him, Ben nodded. "Yeah, apparently your beloved grandfather was a great friend to my uncle and my parents and that's why I'm named after said old man!" "That is not true! My grandfathers name is Obi, not Ben!" You shrieked as Ben rolled his eyes. "You're so oblivious." "I am not! His name is Obi Wan Kenobi-" "AKA Ben Kenobi!" He shouted back as your shoulders slumped. "...No-" "Don't even deny it, you tried your hardest to insult me, only to have it backfire as you insulted your grandad." Letting out a huff, Ben shook his head. "You're not even good at arguing." Smacking his thigh, you crossed your arms once again as Ben whined. "And you're not even good at being a big guy, weak." "I am not weak!" Ben retorted as you rolled your eyes. "Then why did you wince, you baby?!" You shouted as you looked at him. "Because that was so uncalled for!" He shrieked as you groaned. "You are so weak and annoying, my gosh!" Finally arriving to Ben's place, you rushed out of the car and over to the door. "Genius, how are you supposed to get in when the door is locked?!" Ben called out as you clenched your jaw, waiting there impatiently as Ben walked over. Glaring at him as he unlocked the door, you shoved past him and went up the stairs. "Hurry up, genius!" Taking in a deep breath as he shut the door behind him, he rushed over and up the steps. "You don't just walk in someone's house-" "Get over it, I've been here plenty of times and I know your parents wouldn't care!" Shoving his door open, you plopped on his bed, crossing your legs and tapping your foot. "You're such a real pain in the-" Walking in as he saw you glaring, he let out a harsh sigh, "Forget it." Closing his bedroom door, he slammed his binder on the spot next to you, "I did all the research we needed during study hall--you know, the period you missed?" Glaring at him, you sighed. "All we need to do is put it together, and guess what you get to do?" He faked a smile as you shifted your jaw. "What, Benjamin?" You growled as Ben walked over to his desk, only to come back with scissors. "You get to cut it all out!" He nodded as you snatched the scissors, grabbing his binder and shoving past him as you sat on the floor. "Make sure you cut it right-" "I am not a five year old, you ass!" Opening up the binder and pulling out the papers, Ben only rolled his eyes. This was all a flat out mess and you were going to have to deal with each other for the next two hours; and for those two hours, the two of you sat in silence as you could easily feel the tension between you two. It was so thick that it was suffocating you and you only found yourself becoming more and more irritated with how quiet it was between you two. Sure, you ignored Ben all day Sunday and technically during school, but you did it because what he said was harsh--even if you didn't like him, it was still inappropriate. You just hated how Ben was acting like nothing happened and as if you totally didn't seem pissed off or hurt the second he said you weren't his type. Why was he so damn oblivious and why were you caring so much? "I'm done." Letting the scissors fall from your grip as they collided with the ground, you stood up and shoved the papers in front of Ben's face, seeing him grab them as you went to grab your bags. "If you need me to do anymore baby work, like glue them onto a board, I can do it tomorrow during study hall." You faked a smile before walking out. "If not, then don't bother me." Sitting there and gulping, Ben placed the papers down and rubbed his face as he felt like a complete jerk, hearing his front door slam shut. Looking out the window and watching you walk up to a car, he narrowed his eyebrows, only to groan as he saw Hux walk out to greet you with a kiss. "Un-fucking-believable." Shutting the curtain and moving off the bed, Ben rubbed his forehead, only to drop his hands as he looked up at the ceiling and loudly grunted. "Fucking fucker fuck, fuck!" Shouting at the top of his lungs as he tugged on his curls, he harshly tossed his binder across the room, its contents flying all over the place as he sat back on his bed and shoved his face into his palms. Taking heavy breaths as his heart raced, Bens eyes burned with tears as he roughly rubbed the heel of his palms against them, feeling there was no need to cry. He was absolutely frustrated, ticked, and heartbroken altogether. What if he hadn't moved? What if he had stayed all those years he was gone? Would he be with you now? Or would you still be with Hux? " She's always liked him since the beginning ." He thought to himself. But that doesn't explain the first kiss and as to why you would give yours up so easily to a boy you had just met. Groaning, Ben stood up and roughly removed his tie, unbuttoning his dress shirt as he nearly ripped it off. Removing his belt and kicking off his shoes; his body temperature was rising along with his rage, he hated the position he was in--watching the girl he adored be with somebody else. Grabbing his phone and walking into his bathroom as he shut the door behind him, he removed the remainder of his clothing before he blasted his music, turning on the shower and allowing the cool water to drench him. Nothing was worse than seeing you kiss Hux just after you rushed out saying "don't bother me." "Fuck me..." He muttered under his breath, resting his forehead against the tile wall of his shower as his burning tears finally slid down his cheeks and mixed with the shower water soaking him. Trying to catch his breath as his heart ached in his chest, Ben clenched his fist and slowly pounded it against the wall, hearing the music echo out through out the bathroom only for him to whine at the particular song playing. C'mon baby, this ain't the last time that I'll see your face. C'mon baby, you said you've found someone to take my place- Instantly switching the song, Ben sighed as he turned around and leaned his backside against the wall; it almost felt like the world was out to get him. "So, what exactly were you doing in...Ben's house?" Hux asked as you sat in the passenger seat of his car, holding his hand. Sighing, your mood instantly dropped as you thought about Ben, "We were supposed to work on a project but he ended up doing most of it since I was busy with cheerleading practice, I helped out a little but was tired from school and practice and told him I should head home. Then I remembered that around this time you usually were heading home from your internship so I thought I'd ask and see if you could take me home..." You nodded as you looked over at Hux, seeing him smile the slightest. "Well, seeing as I barely see my girlfriend at school, I think it's only fair enough." Smiling at him, you slowly looked away, down at your lap as you thought about how ridiculous your argument was with Ben, but it still had such a negative impact on the two of you. "Everything alright?" Hux asked as he looked over at you, taking advantage of the red light to get a good look at his girlfriends face--something he wish he saw more of. "You seem a bit-" "Oh, oh no, I'm totally fine," You lightly chuckled as you waved your hand dismissively. "I'm just tired, you know? Monday's are a drag..." Nodding his head in agreement, Hux leaned forward to kiss your forehead, only to shift back as the light had changed. "Don't worry, soon you'll be home in bed, resting." Grinning over at him, you let out the slightest of sighs as you looked away. As much as Hux made your heart thud, there was always that extra feeling that you still hadn't felt for him...and it's almost been four years of you two being a thing, and deep down inside, you knew exactly why. But would you ever admit to it? Probably not. "Thanks for the ride," You smiled at Hux as he stood there by his car, "I know how long and tiring your days are, which is why I try not bothering you with rides-" "Oh, don't feel that way, please." Hux waved his hands. "I'm sorry if I sound like a dick whenever I say I can't give you a ride, but that doesn't mean always." Nodding your head, you lightly smiled, "I'll take your word, then!" "Please do." "So then..." Scratching your head as you looked down, you bit your inner lip, "Could you maybe, possibly, give me a ride tomorrow morning?" "Of course!" He eagerly nodded, "Although I thought Solo took you." "Solo?" You arched an eyebrow, "Oh, you mean Ben. No, that was just last week, I feel bad so I stopped asking." You lied. "So, who took you this morning?" Hux curiously asked. "Oh, I went on the bus...didn't feel like waking." You nodded as Hux took a step forward and grabbed your arms. "Don't worry, I'll take you to school tomorrow," Kissing your forehead, he then pulled you into a hug. "And, if you want, I can take you home as well and we can hang out?" Hugging him back, you then gasped as you looked up, "Really?!" Nodding his head, you grinned, tiptoeing to kiss him. "Yes, absolutely, that sounds great!" Chuckling, Hux let go of you, "Go get some sleep." "Will do," You bowed before walking off. "Y/n!" Hux called out as you turned around. "Yeah?" You smiled as Hux stood there. "I love you." "Love you, too!" Waving a hand, you rushed off as Hux sighed. When had you ever included the I in I love you? Walking inside with a bright smile, your father popped up, "Who's got you smiling like that?! Did you and Ben do anything?!" "Ugh, as if!" You rolled your eyes as your mom then walked in. "Hux dropped me off, I'm just happy to see him, that's all." Shrugging, you then walked off. "Ah, Hux, what a good kid..." Nodding his head, your mom smacked the back of your fathers head. "Hey?! What the hell?!" Shaking her head, she rolled her eyes and placed her hands on her hips. "Hux is alright, there are better boys out there for her." "As in who? Don't tell me that Benjamin boy-" "Han and Leia's son is an excellent child, very polite and kind to our daughter-" "So is Armitage, but he's far more better than Benjamin, clearly as our daughter is dating him instead-" "That's because Ben was gone for four years, if he hadn't, she would've been with him instead you peanut brain!" Storming off, your father stood there clueless. "What's got her all worked up?" Doing your usual night routine, you found yourself lying under your sheets, texting Hux 'goodnight' with a heart emoji before placing your phone down, only to hear light meowing. "Jupiter?" Sitting up as you looked around your dark room, you looked over the edge of your bed to see her sitting there, holding Benny the bunny in her mouth. "What are you doing with that?" Hopping on the bed, she lied the bunny on your pillow before curling up next to you, you grabbing the bunny and sighing as you could vividly remember when Ben won it for you. You hated just how much he made you feel, and you absolutely hated how much you found yourself craving his attention, even if you were convinced that that was the last thing you wanted. "Goodnight, Jupiter." Lying back down, you sighed as you stared at the Bunny, only to pull it to your chest--you'd be lying if you said sleeping with the bunny in your arms didn't help you sleep better. . . . Tuesday had started off so well, Hux picking you up to take you to school, only to surprise you with a bouquet of assorted flowers--although they weren't your favorite, the thought was what counted. Then, all of chemistry was spent doing group work (as in basically just you and Hux catching up whereas Ben watched disgustingly). Then it came to history, and lucky for you, the teacher was showing a movie and the whole time you were either chatting with a few friends or texting Hux--which was highly unusual of him to be texting in class. Throughout the day you had totally forgotten about Ben, or at least acted like it, and it only made Ben furious. The second he and Poe noticed you holding flowers, he stormed off as Poe went after him. Unlike, Poe, Rey and Finn were gawking and saying how sweet it was for Hux to do such thing. "I was so surprised, Hux never gives me flowers, nor does he text me or offer to hangout much. I don't know what it is, but I appreciate it so much!" You whispered over to Rey as she sat across from you in the library. Then there was Ben, sitting in a pile of his own bitterness and jealousy, clutching tightly onto his textbook while trying his best to keep his focus on reading rather than listening to your conversation with Rey. "That's so sweet of him! I can't believe all of this, how exciting!" Rey shrieked. "He asked to hang out after school, so he's coming to practice which means he'll be watching," You smirked as Ben flared his nostrils, clenching his jaw. For the past week, Ben was always there to support you when Hux never was, and now Hux decided to step up? "Honestly, I'm just so excited that I could ditch practice just to be with him." Slamming his book shut, Ben haphazardly stood up and gathered his things, breathing heavily as he stormed out, you watching as you gulped whereas Rey rolled her eyes. "Bens been having a bad few days, don't know why, and at this point, don't care...he's always upset about something." Blinking and nodding as you watched him harshly shove the door open and rush out, you swallowed hard before turning back around and looking at her. "Oh...well...that sucks." "Anyway! Back to you and Hux!" Rey nodded as you halfheartedly smiled. "And where are you going?" Hearing the accented voice call out, Ben stopped in his tracks and turned around. "Don't think I forgot about you, Solo." Narrowing his eyebrows as he lightly panted, Ben groaned. "What do you want, Phasma?" Leaning against the lockers, she then stood up straight. "Hello to you, too! Four years it's been and this is what I get?" Walking up to him, she flicked his forehead as he rolled his eyes, only to see her circling him. "Told you you'd get taller." "You grew, yourself." "But you're taller than me." Stopping in front of him as she finished studying Ben, Phasma crossed her arms, "It's about damn time!" "Yeah, well, apparently I've changed and I'm an asshole now. So, if you'll excuse me, I have to gag." Turning around and walking off as Phasma rolled her eyes, she followed after him. "It's y/n, isn't it?" She curiously asked as Ben stopped in his tracks. "So you've found out she's dating Hux, huh?" "I don't care-" "Oh, don't give me that bullshit!" Moving to stand in front of him, Phasma lifted her hands up to prevent him from walking on. "You still like her and it's clear to me!" "I don't! I never said I liked her?!" Ben shook his head as Phasma smirked. "You said you don't, which means you did, which possibly means you still do..." "I-I do not! She doesn't like me anyways, she's madly in love with Hux!" Ben exclaimed. "You sure about that? Are you positive ?" Phasma questioned. "Because it seems to me that you're in denial." "I'm-" Taking a deep breath, he pushed past Phasmas arms. "I never liked her and she never liked me, end of story." Walking off, Phasma sighed. "It isn't meant to be, so just leave it." Watching him walk into the distance, she shook her head before going in the opposite direction. "Stubborn." "Talking to yourself, I see." Looking up as Phasma had rubbed her face, she only faked a smile. "Hello, Hux." "Phasma." Bowing his head, he then walked on. "By the way, I expect to see a lot of images of myself in the yearbook." "Now, why would I do that?" Phasma turned around as she placed her hands on her hips. Turning around, Hux smiled. "Because, you're the head editor and you have the power to, plus, I am the class president." With a wink, he turned back around and aimed for the library doors, pushing them open and leaving Phasmas sight. "Unbelievable..." Groaning, Phasma turned back around to walk on. "Why on Earth would y/n ever like him over Ben?" "Annnd...done!" Slamming the math textbook shut, you let out a sigh. "All my homework is done so I can give Hux my full attention." You nodded as Rey shook her head. "What are you two planning on doing?" She questioned, looking down at her work. "Well, we sort of discussed it this morning and decided to go to that diner--y'know, Maz's?" Seeing Rey nod, you continued on. "Then hang at my place." Waving a hand, you then gathered your things, putting them away. "Nice, nice...when was the last time you were at Maz's?" Rey curiously asked as she had looked up for a moment. "About...a month or two ago? Don't really remember," You shrugged, only to see Hux walking in your direction. "Any who, I've gotta go, Hux is here." You smiled at Rey, standing up and giving her a hug. "Hello," Hux smiled over at you, leaning in to kiss your cheek as he then waved to Rey. "Rey," He bowed his head as she waved. "Hey, Arm." Too busy in her work, she simply gave him a quick smile before going back to it. "She's busy," You whispered over to him as he had narrowed his eyebrows, only to nod with a light 'ah'. "Let's get going, I'm thinking of skipping practice." "Really? That isn't very much like you, y/n..." Hux pointed out as the two of you walked on. "Eh, one time won't hurt." You winked as Hux took in a deep breath. As long as he was with you, then he was okay with it. . . . "Homecoming tickets will be on sale soon, we haven't announced it but I thought I'd share in advance." Hux stated as the two of you now sat at a booth in the diner. "Already? But that's like, two months away..." You tilted your head the slightest. "Doll, homecoming is around mid October, which is only a month and a couple of weeks away..." Hux chuckled as you rubbed your forehead. "Which is quite like two months, so-" "Do you know the theme? There has to be a theme like every other year!" You perked up as Hux tapped his chin. "Come on! What is it?!" "Alright, alright, it's-" "You two ordered a strawberry milk-" Cutting himself off as he had reached the table, you only looked up to see Ben standing there, about to ask him what he was doing, only to realize he had worked there. "Yes, we did." Hux smiled as Ben stared at you, you looking back at him only to look away in discomfort as you went to grab a pair of straws. "Here, babe." You handed one over to Hux as Ben stare turned into a glare, jaw clenching as he nearly slammed down the milkshake and stormed off. "That was quite rude...I don't understand why he can not be like his little sister..." Hux shook his head as he placed his straw into the cup as you did the same with your own. "Me either..." Spending the rest of your time chatting with Hux, you couldn't help but gaze over at Ben every time he was in your view--whether he'd be serving food, taking an order, or simply walking by--you couldn't help but study him. He was so...tense and irritated that you were afraid if one customer ticked him off, he'd go on a killing spree. You felt bad, or at least a part of you did, but then you remembered how he was being an even bigger jerk to you than you were to him and your sympathy vanished. So, when you and Hux had left, you felt a burning gaze on the back of your head, causing you to turn around and look at Ben as you then proceeded to slide your hand into Hux's as you two exited. Ben absolutely hated the newfound over-the-top PDA. "Why is it that when I try to be friendly with Jupiter, she hisses at me, but when it's someone else, she's super kind?" Hux asked as he sat on your bed, Jupiter staring at him from her small bed in your room as he looked back. "Does she hate me?" "No, I'm sure that's not it," You swatted your hand. "Maybe she smells Milli? I mean that could be it seeing as how Jupiter has always been this way towards me..." Looking away from the cat, Hux sighed as you bit your tongue. You couldn't tell him how Ben, too, had his own cat--yet--Jupiter adored him. It would, for a fact, make Hux upset. Which only made you think: did a damn cat really prefer one guy over the other for you? It seemed utterly impossible. Yet, here Jupiter was, hating your boyfriends guts but absolutely loving your so-called best friends...even when he was gone for so long. "I'm sure that's it..." You lied. It was unbelievable how Jupiter--a cat who nearly loved everyone--utterly hated Hux. Chapter 8 : You Want A Battle The moment Hux had left your house was the moment your anxiety started kicking in. You had nearly forgotten about the fact that you had a project to present with no other than Ben the very next day and you definitely weren't up for that. If it wasn't for your pointless argument and you two being hard headed, you probably wouldn't have ditched school just before history started saying you were sick. It was all planned out, if Ben was going to be rude and over the top, then so were you--you decided to act sick in the morning before leaving just so your parents knew there was a slight chance you'd come back home early. Then, you came for first period, continued acting sick to the point even Hux was worried that he begged you see the nurse. Of course, Ben was oblivious to it all in his jealous rampage that blinded him with hate, too busy focusing on other things to even notice you had left the class a few minutes earlier. Then history came and there wasn't a single sign of you, Ben waiting and waiting for you to appear five minutes after the bell had rung, only to realize you weren't coming, leaving him to do the presentation alone. At first, he was somewhat okay with it, seeing as he did basically do all of the work, but then it hit him how little you contributed to then only miss the class. The rest of the class he was fuming, even having the audacity--after finding out through Rey that you had left early because you were 'sick'--to skip the rest of the school day just to 'visit' you. Slamming his car door shut as he had parked his car near the sidewalk, Ben had found himself storming up your driveway and onto your front porch, banging on your door. "Hey! I know you're home!" Ben called out. "Don't think I wouldn't notice you ditching school just before history to avoid our project! One thing is to ignore me, but another is to fucking screw with our grade!" He shouted, feeling his veins in his neck wanting to burst. Sitting in your room and rolling your eyes, you completely ignored him, flipping through a magazine as you lied on your bed. "This is what you deserve..." You mumbled, moving your attention to your nails. "I couldn't give less of a shit if you hate me, all you fucking did was cut paper and that was it! I did all the god damn work and had to present the crap alone! You tell me how shitty and unfair that is!" Getting no response as Ben had continuously banged on your door, he backed up and looked up at your window, seeing the blinds open. "Son of a-" Rushing to your door, he pounded his fist harder against it. "Open the fucking door, y/n! Give me one good ass excuse as to why you think it's okay to skip our fucking presentation!" Not realizing the neighbor had been hearing the whole thing and was watching, Ben continued shouting profanities and roughly knocking on your house door as the neighbor had pulled out their phone. Stuffing your face into your pillow as you covered your ears, you could still hear Bens shouting as it grew louder and louder. "Leave me alone..." You groaned into the pillow. "Fuck, y/n! Just answer me, god dammit!" About to bang against the door again, Ben suddenly stopped as he heard a car door slam shut behind him. "Sir, please step away from the door." "Mind your own-" Turning around and seeing the police officer, Ben rolled his eyes. "I said, please step away from the door." "Look, I am trying to speak with the girl who lives inside-" "There was a call of a disturbance, young man, you are causing quite the-" "I don't give a crap! I am trying to talk to the girl that lives in there but she's ignoring me!" Ben shouted as the police officer walked up to him. "Son, don't make me ask you again to step away from the door." "Screw you." Looking over at the neighbor across the street, Ben shouted and flipped him off, "And screw you, too!" Sighing, the police officer only pulled out his handcuffs as he walked closer to Ben. "Don't make me arrest-" "Don't make me repeat myself! I am trying to-" Grabbing Bens arm and twisting it behind his back, he grunted. "Hey! What the hell! Let me go, you asshole!" Hearing the pounding on the door die down as the yelling shifted elsewhere, you looked out your balcony window, only to see Ben struggling in a police officers hold as he shouted, not even bothering to filter out his words. "Ben, you idiot!" You spoke to yourself, sliding your feet into your slippers and darting out of our room in just your pajamas, not having time to pull on a robe or to change as the last thing you needed was for Ben to get arrested. "I asked you three times to step away from the door, you refused and decided to back talk to me, even nearly punched me and-" "Officer, wait!" You shouted as you rushed out. "Please, don't arrest him!" Looking over his shoulder as he recognized your voice, Ben let out a sigh. "See, I told you I know the girl, now let me go!" "I-I'm sorry, sir, he's-he's my-" Gulping, you took in a deep breath, "He's my boyfriend and we got into a fight and he's just coming over to apologize! I'm sure he meant no harm he's just very upset!" You lied. "Is this true?" The officer looked at Ben as Ben nodded, feeling his insides turn. "Don't let it happen again, let this be a warning." Sprinting up to Ben's side as the officer removed the cuffs, you nodded and stood in between the two. "I promise it will not, I'm sorry for the disturbance, I really am!" You nodded as you felt out of breath from how fast your heart was racing. "It better not." The officer eyed Ben as Ben slowly nodded. "If anything happens to you, I will gladly take this fellow to jail." He spoke over to you as you blinked. "Uh, n-nothing will happen, I promise you..." You nodded as the officer took a moment, only to get into his car and drive off. Seeing the car disappear down the road, you instantly turned around and faced Ben, face burning up as you glared at him. "You-you dumb fuck!" Harshly shoving him back, Ben stumbled the slightest, trying his best not to stare at your chest when your silk top was too thin and a bit too revealing. "You don't just go around disturbing neighborhoods!" Narrowing his eyebrows as he snapped his attention away from being the slightest of turned on, Ben took a step closer and pointed a finger at you, "Don't go around scolding me! You don't just ditch your partner when a presentation happens, especially when you didn't do shit!" "It is not my fault that you only made me cut out the stupid paper!" You fired back. "And it's not my fault you said to not bother you, which I obeyed!" He shouted back as you clenched your jaw. "You're so stupid! I said that because I was bitter because you made me cut paper for two hours and I was so bored and you were busy doing everything else!" Swallowing, Ben only threw his hands up. "You have a mouth, you could have said something! Instead of being the brat you are and storming out because things didn't go your way, princess !" "Fuck off! I am not a brat nor am I a princess!" You shouted. "Well you act like a fucking princess when you ditch school saying you're sick when I'm sure as hell you're not!" Ben exclaimed, face burning up from all the blood rushing to it. "I am! I am sick! That's why I left early!" You lied with a stomp. "You're a terrible liar!" He nearly screamed in your face. "I am not! Just leave me alone! Who cares if I didn't show up?! Doesn't make a difference when you would've probably taken over the presentation, too!" You pointed. Watching from afar, once again, the neighbor narrowed his eyebrows. Was it healthy for a couple to argue like that? He honestly couldn't tell by the way you had easily just defended the young man moments ago. "I would have not! I would've made you do the whole thing if that's what you would've liked!" Ben leaned closer as he was at eye level with you. "Yes! Better than absolutely nothing! Instead of hogging everything you prick!" "Oh, so now we're name calling? Real mature!" He fixed his posture, crossing his arms. Rolling your eyes as you threw your hands up, you groaned. "Do not give me that bull crap, Ben, you just called me princess in a very non loving way!" "Princess is nothing compared to prick!" "You called me a brat as well! And a damn liar! It was about time I stepped up and called you what you are! A prick!" You nodded your head as Ben tugged at his hair, feeling his heart rate increasing a bit too rapidly for his own good. "What's going on here?" Snapping your head in the voices direction, you and Ben realized your parents were now parked in the driveway. "Uh, n-nothing! Ben was helping rehearse for an audition for one of the school plays!" You nodded. "Thank you, Ben, you can go now!" You forced a small as your mother swatted her hand. "Nonsense! Ben, come in!" Walking towards the front door, your mom waved her hand for him to follow as you stood there, eye twitching. "Thank you, Mrs. Kenobi." Ben grinned as he kept his eyes on your own, gladly taking your mothers offer and making you seethe. Watching Ben follow your mother, your body grew even more tense. "Unbelievable..." You murmured as your father had heard you. "Tell me about it." He rolled his eyes, walking ahead. "It's a shame y/n had fallen sick when we had our project due today." Ben frowned as your mother nodded, you glaring. "She told me about it, she said she felt terrible for having to miss it so that's why she tried going to school...but her cold must've grown worse then..." Your mother stated as Ben raised his eyebrows. "Wow, what a good daughter you have...it would've been terribly sucky if she had stayed in school." Ben nodded as he wore a fake look of sympathy. "Mom, it's really nothing-" "Oh, honey, it's fine...I'm sure Ben understands." She pointed her hand as you shook your head. "N-no, I mean, I'm feeling a whole lot better now!" You nodded. "Let me see..." Walking up to you, she placed her hand on your forehead. "Oh, yeah, you seem perfectly fine!" Bitting his tongue as Ben clenched his fists, he knew all along you had been faking it. "You could have stayed at school, right?" "Right...but at the moment it was bad and I felt fatigue and was really hungry so the nurse said I either rested there or go home. But, honestly, I'm sure I would've grown worse in the nurses office with the lack of free room in there." You nodded as Ben rolled his eyes. "Well, now that your fine, you can catch up on what you missed in class." Your mom smiled as your father then spoke up. "Ah, crap, we forgot to buy those new luggages..." He sighed. "Oh, we need those immediately!" Your mother jumped up. "Ben, you can stay as long as you'd like! Y/n...we will be back soon." She nodded, kissing your forehead before rushing off, you watching her go as you felt your heart sink--you knew you were in a world of trouble the second the front door to your house slammed shut. "Bye..." Taking in a deep breath, you only heard shifting behind you. "So you did lie, didn't you?" Ben crossed his arms as you took in a shaky breath. "So what?" You turned around. "It's clear to me we are not on good grounds, so why does it bother you?" "Why? Why does it bother me?" Ben narrowed his eyes. "Aside from the fucking fact that you lied and ditched me! Oh, I don't know, maybe it's because you've been acting like a complete bitch to me since Monday?!" Gasping, you shoved him back. "You're-you're such an asshole! Ugh, I haven't done anything to you! I don't deserve to be called a bitch!" "Stop lying for fuck sake! You ignored me all day Sunday, was insanely dry Monday, argued with me and then acted like a complete child, then ignored me again yesterday and ditched me today!" Ben shouted. "Has it occurred to you that my world does not revolve around Benjamin Solo?! That I have a life and other friends to tend to?! That I have a boyfriend who I never see?! THAT I AM A HUMAN BEING WHO NEEDS ME TIME?!" Your voice raised as you two were now panting from all the shouting. "It still doesn't mean you should ignore your so called best friend! You know? The term and title you gave me, best friend ! It really feels shitty when your so called best friend ignores you and completely avoids you for no reason whatsoever and then act like it's my fault that we are in this mess!" Ben started walking closer and closer to you as you slowly backed up. "I-I did not ignore you!" "Yes, you did! And you didn't even bother to try communicating with me! Let alone, text me a simple a 'hello' or 'hope your day is well' which only takes two seconds!" "Oh, don't act like the saint here when you haven't done any of that!" You retorted as Ben glared, knowing you were right. "But I tried talking to you at school! I tried-" "All you did was argue about pointless crap with me and act completely bitter, don't lie!" "STOP TURNING THIS ON ME WHEN WE BOTH KNOW YOU'RE AT FAULT!" Ben practically pinned you against the wall, your back colliding with it as you gasped the slightest. Seeing nothing but rage in his eyes, your heart began to thud rather harshly against your chest. Lifting up your hand and swinging it back, your palm burned as Ben's cheek grew red from the sudden impact. "I'M NOT THE ASSHOLE WHO SAID SHE'S NOT MY TYPE!" You cried out, roughly pushing him back as he had rubbed his cheek. "Oh, don't use that as an excuse to ignore me, that's absolutely pointless!" Moving his hand away from his cheek, his fists clenched at his sides as you two were now face to face. "Screw you, Ben! You are so heartless!" You shouted, eyes brimming with tears. Hearing bickering, Hux slowly pushed the front door open, only to see you practically corned as Ben towered in front of you. "What the hell is going on?!" Rushing over to pull Ben away from you, Hux suddenly fell back as Ben's fist had collided with his nose. "Hux!" You gasped, running past Ben to crouch down. Unable to stay any longer, Ben stormed out of your house, feeling his eyes burn with tears as he clenched and unclenched his fists. He never meant for it to go this far. "I'm sorry...are you alright?" You asked Hux as you had swiftly gotten up to get him something frozen to press up against his nose. "Yeah...yeah, I'm fine...are you okay?" He asked as he stood up, you nodding. "Yeah...I'm okay." You lied, you were far from okay, you didn't like the fact that you and Ben were on bad terms--that was the last thing you wanted. "I'm alright..." . . . Lying on your stomach as you rested your chin upon your pillow, you held Benny the Bunny in front of you as you frowned. How was it possible that you and Ben, in under two weeks, have had multiple arguments already? You felt guilty, putting the blame on yourself as you felt as if you had been the one to trigger everything--and, truly--you kind of were. But then you realize you couldn't take the whole blame, Ben had taken things out of proportion; sure, you shouldn't have smacked him, but he shouldn't have flat out punched Hux. The second Hux was back on his feet, you made sure he was okay before telling him you wanted to be alone; his whole reason being there was to check up on you and see if you were feeling better. "I'm sorry, I just want to be alone..." You had told him, kissing his cheek as he nodded, leaving you be. Sighing, you turned on your back and held Benny to your chest, staring at the ceiling as your eyes weld up with tears. You didn't want to lose him, but you were starting to hate who he became. "Honey," Your mother knocked on your door before walking in, seeing you lying there. "Are you alright?" Sitting up, you nodded, putting the stuffed toy down before rubbing your eyes. "Yeah, im fine." You smiled. "What's up?" "I know it's very last minute, but since your father and I have our anniversary coming up real soon, we thought we'd celebrate on a vacation." Your mother smiled as you raised your eyebrows. "Really?! Cool, where?" You shifted your whole body to face her. "Well, the thing is, we were planning on going to Paris-" "Mom!" "Sorry, sorry! I know how much you want to go but we do, too, and thought it'd be great to go for our anniversary..." Sighing, you crossed your arms. "When?" "Tomorrow-" "Tomorrow?!" You exclaimed. "Till next Sunday-" "Jeez, you want me to stay alone that long?!" You freaked. "Of course not!" She swatted a hand. "You'll be staying at the Solo's!" Feeling your heart sink as your eyes widened, you suddenly felt your breathing becoming heavy. "S-Solo's?" You questioned as your mother nodded. "W-...why?" "Well, I mean, your father and I know Han and Leia and trust them...plus, you're best friends with their kids, so it's only fair on all of us..." She trailed, unsure of how to approach you as you seemed shocked. "I-I...could stay alone?" "Nonsense, I already told them you'd be staying so you can go straight to their place tomorrow or have Ben take you-" "No!" You shouted as your mothers eyes widened. "No, because I have cheer practice and a lot to catch up on and wouldn't want to bug him so I'll see if Rey has band practice and walk with her...if not, the bus..." You nodded. "Okay, honey..." She smiled, although a bit suspicious. "Well, I suggest you pack up now." Walking over to you, she kissed your forehead. "Have fun..." You muttered as she had left your room, leaving you there as you fell back on your bed, rubbing your face and groaning. "I am in my own hell..." . . . "So, you'll be staying at the Solo's?" Hux asked as the two of you stood outside by his car in the school parking lot. "Yup, for like ten days...I mean, I'm glad it's them because Rey's there but I'm going to miss my bed..." You sighed. "And my room...I get to take Jupiter with me, so that's something." You nodded. "I'm assuming you won't need a ride those days?" Hux asked, feeling the slightest of relieved but disappointed. "We'll see, I may take the bus with Rey or whoever takes her-" "Not with Ben?" He raised a brow, amazed you hadn't suggested him. "No? I mean, I don't think so?" You sighed once again, only to see Rey walking in your direction alongside Finn. "Is it true Ben got arrested?!" She nearly shrieked as your eyes widened, you shaking your head. "W-" "Ben got arrested?" Hux asked as you shook your head. "N-no! No, he didn't get arrested, where did you hear that?" You asked, feeling your heart thud against your chest. "Finn here said Poe told him that Ben told Poe he almost got arrested," Rey pointed her thumb at Finn who looked down in shame. "Finn..." You crossed your arms. "I'm sorry, it just slipped!" He exclaimed as Rey rolled her eyes. "Poe said I couldn't tell anyone but-" "You did." Rubbing your forehead, you sighed. "He didn't get arrested-" "But he almost did! Key word, almost!" Rey pointed a finger. "I swear, this boy wants me to beat his ass." "Let's just act like this discussion never happened, alright?" Seeing them all nod, you then grabbed Hux's hand. "C'mon, lets go to class." Walking off, Rey turned to Finn as she went off, Finn only regretting ever telling her. "What was that about?" Hux asked as the two of you walked hand in hand to chemistry. "Does it have to do with what happened yesterday? "Armi, please, I told you not to bring it up..." You sighed. "I'm sorry, I'm just-" "It's fine, Ben almost got arrested because the neighbors thought he was trying to break in to my place." You stated, not even bothering to look at Hux when you responded. "He was just knocking on my door and I took a while to answer because I was showering." You lied as Hux slowly nodded his head. Entering the class room as you saw Ben sitting in his usual spot in the far back, keeping his attention out the window as he leaned his chin into his palm, you gulped the slightest as your stomach turned. "Are you alright?" Seeing how stiff you had grown, you quickly nodded to Hux as you continued walking to your seat, trying not to gaze over at Ben. The rest of the class was spent with you constantly shifting in your spot uncomfortably as you could feel Ben's glare burning into your backside; every now and then Hux noticing and growing concerned as you simply shrugged it off and said you were just antsy from missing three practices. Anxiously tapping your foot, you found yourself slowly turning your head and looking over your shoulder, Ben kept his focus ahead as if he hadn't been staring at you. Sighing, you turned your head away, standing up to go to the restroom as you felt yourself slowly gaining a panic attack. This was the last thing you needed, you didn't want to continuously feel uneasy and anxious whenever you were around Ben or thought of him--it wasn't that you were scared of him, it was the fact that you were losing a friend you had just regained and feared it'd be for good this time. "Ugh..." Pacing back and forth just outside of the classroom and by a wall of lockers, you pushed your hand through your hair as you took in deep breaths, trying to maintain your sanity. "I don't need this...I don't. I shouldn't feel this way, I shouldn't be missing him as much as I am, I want to be away from him, I want to forget...it's the only way." You nodded. "It's the only way to not fall harder..." Taking in a deep breath, you slid your hands down your face as you knew you were doomed. "Even though it's becoming too late." Hearing the bell ring as the classes poured out with students, you cursed under your breath as you tried rushing back inside the class. Pushing and shoving past people as you excused yourself, you nearly stumbled in, seeing the partially empty classroom as only one person was still in it---Ben. Gulping, you quietly walked over to the table you had been sitting at and gathered your things, feeling your heart race as you knew for a fact he was watching you. Tugging your bag over your shoulders, you were just about to walk out until you nearly rammed into someone, looking up to see Ben. "Do you need a ride to my place after school?" He blatantly asked as you quietly swallowed. "Uh, I have practice, I can just take the bus..." Unable to look him in the eye, you quickly walked around him and out of the room, feeling the world around you slow down as you could hear your heart beating in your ears, eyes tearing up. You wanted to distance yourself from him but hated the feeling. How long was this going to last? . . . "Y/n! Hey!" Walking towards the doors that lead to the football field, you stopped in your tracks and turned around. "You're in theater, right?" Nodding your head, you smiled to Natasha. "Yeah, why?" "When are the auditions for Grease?" She curiously asked as you squinted your eyes, thinking about it. "Um, I believe sometime next week? There should be posters around the school promoting it." You stated with a nod. "I was thinking of auditioning...will you?" She grinned as her face glowed with excitement. "I'm not sure, I'm still thinking about it-" "You totally should! You'd be the perfect Sandy!" She squealed as you lightly breathed. "We'll see, I'll let you know if anything." You sweetly smiled with a nod. "Alright, I hope you do!" Walking alongside you to the field, Natasha leaned towards you and kept her gaze elsewhere as she whispered. "I also think Ben would be the perfect Danny...but that's my opinion." She winked before walking off to the rest of the squad as you stood there with your eyes wide, only to look over to the bleachers to see Ben sitting there. Looking away and shutting your eyes, you took in a deep breath, only to exhale loudly. Was he really that persistent to take you home with him? You still had to go back to your place to get your things so either way, you couldn't possibly go with him. "Y/n, I see you're finally back." Lying your bags with the rest, you waved at your coach. "I'm alive." "Good, you're lucky practice was cancelled yesterday so you didn't miss much. We changed a few parts in the routine but it's easy to manage, everything else has just been reviewing." Nodding your head as everyone went to their places, you went to your own, tightening your ponytail as the first thing in your line of vision was Ben. "Warm ups and then we'll go straight into it!" She clapped her hands. As practice had gone on, you had hoped and hoped that Hux would show up and make up for missing Tuesday's as you had skipped, but every time your eyes shifted to the bleachers, they always landed on Ben and no one else; and every time you looked away, there wasn't a single sign of Hux. You wanted it to be a sign, that you didn't have to ask or remind Hux to show up, rather, he'd come on his own like the good boyfriend he was--or at least sometimes is. But, you remembered how he was always way too caught up in his work to even try unless you were the one to say something about it. Continuously looking at the time every chance you had to drink some water, the minutes were only passing by faster and faster, and when there had only been ten minutes left of practice, you had given up. "He's not coming..." You muttered to yourself, sighing in disappointment. "Alright, we'll end it ten minutes early. Y/n, I want you to review the new steps at home, okay?" Nodding your head, you went straight for your stuff, staying in the tank top and shorts you had been in rather than changing into something else as you wanted to make a run for it, in hopes Ben wouldn't stop you. But, with your luck, that wasn't going to happen; because the second your foot had landed on the side walk, was the second Ben had walked right up to you. "You don't need to take the bus-" Nervously speaking up as you looked everywhere but at him, you stuttered. "I-I need to get my things and pick up Jupiter, so it's no-" "I'll take you." Holding tightly onto the straps of your bag, you shook your head. "It's fine, I don't need your-" "I'm not going to let you go on a bus like that when we both know how disgusting men can be." He stated as you looked down at your attire, knowing he was right. "And I'm not letting there be a chance of you getting robbed, alright? I don't need someone stealing Jupiter from you." Turning around as he had stuck his hand into his pocket while his other held his blazer over his shoulder, he walked on as you slowly followed behind, knowing there was no use to fighting on for him to let you go; especially when he was one hundred percent right. Getting into the passenger seat as you awkwardly sat there, Ben got into the drivers seat and started his car, turning on his music as it softly began to play--you'd be lying if you said you didn't miss hearing the music he had to offer. "What's this one called?" You curiously asked as you broke the silence between the two of you, Ben driving out of the school parking lot and over to your house. "Ribs." Nodding your head, you pulled out your phone, going into the notes and adding the song to the ever growing list. Looking over at your phone for a moment, Ben smiled the slightest, "by Lorde." Typing it in, you locked your phone and placed it on to your thigh as Ben slightly turned up the volume. You couldn't seem to understand as to how, in the same day, he had been glaring at you will you wanted to avoid him, only for the two of you to sit a few feet apart in the same car, quietly enjoying the same song. I guess I'll never understand us. Chapter 9 : I Wanna Be Yours Summary: p.s.a. ben's a fuckin perv "I'll be quick." You nodded as Ben had pulled up to your driveway, getting out of the car and heading over to the front door. Rushing inside and up the stairs, Ben only followed you, you not realizing until Jupiter had ran right past you the second you had entered your room. "Jupiter?" Turning around, you saw Ben standing there as Jupiter rubbed up against him. "I'm sorry." He looked at you, eyebrows lightly furrowed as his shoulders were slumped. "You're-you're sorry?" You stuttered as he nodded. "That's it? That's all you're going to say?" Blinking, Bens eyebrows narrowed even more. "Do you understand how shitty I feel?" You pointed to yourself. "One thing is to lower a girls self esteem by saying she isn't your type so casually without a care, but another is to yell at her and attack her for something as stupid as a project!" Your voice raised as Ben lightly flinched. "I-" "I hated the feeling of being pissed off at you because, finally, after four god damn years I had gotten you back! And this is what happens?!" Feeling your tears well up in your eyes, you balled your hands into fists, nails digging into your skin. "You don't understand how much you mean to me! And you don't understand how much I hate these stupid arguments!" Not realizing you were already crying, Ben had instantly pulled you into a hug as he muttered his apologies while stroking your hair. "I'm sorry for slapping you and I'm sorry for ignoring you...but you don't get how much it hurts when you act like what you do or say is okay..." "I was just...I was very upset, and with everything that has been on the back of my mind, building up, I took it out on you...I didn't mean to." Holding you tighter, you loosened up your fists and slowly raised your hands to lie them on his back. "We're both at fault here-" "But I exploded, I shouldn't have, no best friend does that," Clutching onto your hair just enough where it didn't hurt you, Ben shut his eyes and breathed in. "I just...I'm sorry." "I don't want to lose you, Ben." Clutching fistfuls of his shirt, Ben kissed the side of your head as he shook his own. "You won't ever lose me, not again, I promise." Nodding your head, you rested your forehead against his chest. As much as you convinced yourself that being distant with him would make your problems easier, it in fact only made things worse for the two of you. "Especially when you're stuck with me for ten days." Chuckling, you shoved him back to wipe your tears away. "Wonderful..." Turning around to grab your bags, Ben only took them from you. "I am capable of handling my own bags, thank you-" "Not when they're twice your weight! What do you have in here? Your whole closet?" Looking away, you casually went to pick up Jupiter and walked off, "No...I also have makeup and a lot of hair products in there." Rolling his eyes, Ben smirked. "You're such a girl." "Oh, what an insult!" Walking down the stairs and over to the front, Ben went to put your things in the trunk as you locked the front door, going back to the passenger seat as Jupiter sat on your lap. "Chewie is so going to love Jupiter." Raising his eyebrows as he got back into the car, Ben corrected. "Chewie? Psht, he isn't the problem, Kylo is." "Ben, Kylo isn't all that bad." You rolled your eyes as Jupiter moved to sit in between you and Ben. "I'm sure Jupiter will like him." You nodded as you rubbed her head. "We'll see about that." Turning up the music for the short ride to his place, you had found yourself constantly adding songs to the list you had in your notes. "So far I have about seven songs," You counted as you looked over at ben. "Seven? That's nothing, you clearly need to ride with me more." He scoffed as you shook your head. "Well, since I'll be with you for ten days, I'm pretty sure you'll be my ride around...no questions asked." You snickered as Ben smiled. "I guess that's fair enough seeing as we do go to the same school and are staying in the same place...but-" "But, what?" You sighed as you turned to look at him, Ben parking in his driveway. "But, you owe me," He pointed a finger with a wink before turning off his car and getting out, leaving you sitting there as your heart fluttering. Picking up Jupiter and getting out of his car, you watched as Ben grabbed your bags while you picked up your school bag and cheerleading bag. "I feel like I'm staying in a hotel..." "Why?" He chuckled as he looked over his shoulder for a moment, walking to the front door. "Isn't like my house is that big, basically the same size as yours." "Well, seeing as it's not my house and someone else is holding my bags and taking them for me...kind of feels like it." Following after him as you waited for him to open the door, he smirked. "I guess I'm just going to have to treat you like specialty." Rolling your eyes at him as he opened the door, you pressed your hand against his chest to pushed past him. "Yeah, okay." The second you stepped foot into the house was the second you were tackled into a hug by Rey. "Ah...hello!" You laughed as Jupiter jumped out of your hold, walking off while Ben took your bags upstairs. "She's staying with me so put them in my room!" Rey called out as Ben rolled his eyes. "Clearly." He huffed, walking off as Rey grinned. "I don't know about you but I'm very excited for this! We can do so much!" She shrieked as you nodded with a laugh. "Well, first things first, I need to shower....I probably smell like crap-" "You smell fine!" Ben called out, causing you to slightly blush as Rey gagged. "Ben, please, be gross somewhere else!" Rey shouted back as you awkwardly laughed, only for your attention to turn to Jupiter. "Jupiter?" Walking over, Kylo meowed, only for him to run up against her as Jupiter backed up and hissed. "That's so odd..." "Kylo never likes anyone..." Rey spoke up. "And Jupiter never hates anyone..." Slowly walking up to the two, Jupiter ran off, hiding behind you as Kylo stopped in front of you and meowed. "What the hell?! Kylo likes you?!" Rey exclaimed as he moved closer to you, you crouching and petting him as Jupiter hissed again. "Apparently so." You chuckled, standing back up. "I hope these two don't fight..." "I think Kylo likes Jupiter," Rey winked as you rolled your eyes. "Yeah, well, Jupiter seems to hate him already." Walking off, you realized Han and Leia weren't home as you made your way up the steps and to Rey's room. "You'll be sleeping on the floor since REY is a savage and does not like to share-" "I heard that!" Chuckling, you shook your head as you thanked Ben. "The air mattress is fine and thanks for brining my stuff up." Moving to your bags and crouching down to get what you needed to shower, Ben made his way over to the door. "I'll leave you be." About to close the door, you called out to Ben. "Wait, Ben!" Standing up as Ben pushed the door open and peaked in, he arched an eyebrow. "Yeah?" "This may be too much to ask, but, can we hang out tomorrow after school? Anywhere, really. I'd ask Rey but she has that band competition to practice for and she gets out later than I do and I know she'll be tired so I didn't want to-" "Sure." Ben cut you off as you had been babbling too much, smiling over at you as you inhaled deeply, smiling back at him. "Thanks, I mean, you don't have to but-" "It's fine, it's a friend date," He winked before shutting the door and leaving you alone as your mouth suddenly fell open. "It's a friend date, relax..." You muttered to yourself, grabbing your things and heading into the bathroom. "Just as friends." . . . "I don't get those two..." You spoke up, lying on your stomach, horizontally against Ben's bed as one arm dangled as the other was in an upright position with your chin in the palm of your hand. "Jupiter loves everyone...well, except for Hux and now Kylo..." Reaching out to pet Kylo as Ben had sat on the floor, legs crossed while he played with Jupiter, he nearly choked on his own spit. "Are you okay?" Looking up at you to see your eyebrows furrowing in concern, Ben cleared his throat as he swatted his hand, trying not to laugh. "Jupiter doesn't like Hux? How sad..." He fought his grin as he turned his attention back to Jupiter. "At all...he thinks it's because she can smell his cat on him." Arching an eyebrow, Ben looked up at you. "That can't be it, I'm sure Jupiter can smell Kylo on-" Seeing your facial expression, Bens eyebrows raised, only to fall as he looked down at Jupiter. "Oh..." "I couldn't tell him that so I just let him believe what he wanted to believe." You sighed as Ben bit his inner cheek. "What a shame-" "Oh, shut up, you don't have to act like you care." Sitting up as Bens head snapped in your direction, you stood up and walked over to him as you nudged his ribs with your knee. "Isn't like you totally didn't deck him in the nose." Nodding his head, Ben let out a deep breath. "Right..." Ruffling with Ben's hair, you nudged your head, "Come on, let's watch a movie or something." Standing up, Ben followed you behind as Kylo and Jupiter had done the same. "So, what do you have in mind? I have a bunch of DVD's but we can also find something on demand?" Ben asked as the two of you made your way to the living room and plopping onto the couch. "On demand is fine, it's easier unless the options suck." You shrugged as Kylo and Jupiter joined you and Ben on the couch, Kylo trying to sit next to Jupiter but she hissed at him before sitting on the arm rest all curled up while Kylo sat on the seat right next to her. "Do they have Beetlejuice?" "Beetlejuice?" Ben arched an eyebrow as he looked over at you. "You like Beetlejuice? Better yet, you like Tim Burton?" "Of course! I mean, who doesn't?" You shoved his shoulder. "I thought it'd be too dark for your liking." He teased as you rolled your eyes, pinching his arm. "Leave me alone, I can still like dark things, okay? I'll have you know I love his films." Crossing your arms, you huffed. "What ever you say, pastel princess." Hearing Ben snicker, you huffed, acting as if the nickname annoyed you even though you honestly didn't mind. "What ever...emo prince." You fired back as Ben scoffed, only to laugh. "Emo prince? Wow, and here I thought I was the only snarky one-" "Oh shut up and play the damn movie!" Grabbing the remote and shoving his face away, you started the movie as Ben gently pushed your hand away from his face and snickered, standing up to turn off the lights. "Now, I'll warn you that some things in this movie are quote terrifying, okay?" Ben stated, as if he was concerned. "Shut up, I've seen it before!" Grabbing his hand and tugging him back down to the couch, he laughed as you then shushed him, causing him to lift his hands up in defense. Throughout the movie, as Kylo had grown tired of trying to get Jupiter's attention or even trying to sit with her--when she only continuously pushed him away--he only found himself making his way closer to you, lying on your lap and eventually trying to get your attention instead. "Kylo, please..." You whispered as the cat continuously meowed at you, sitting up and pressing his front paws against your chest. Pushing him down each time, he only kept doing it. "Kylo..." Noticing the commotion, Ben sighed. Getting tired of the nonstop meowing and the fact that Kylo wouldn't stop bother you, Ben reached out in the darkness and grabbed onto--what he assumed to be--the black cat. Hearing a sudden yelp, Ben assumed it had been Kylo, but the second he realized what it actually was, he had grown wide-eyed. Staring at him as your breath hitched, your heart fluttered rapidly as his hand had grabbed your breast. Gulping as Ben blinked, the two of you stayed like that for a good five seconds before Ben instantly removed his hand and grabbed Kylo, standing up and rushing away. "I'm s-sorry...sorry...it was an accident..." Watching him leave your sight as he had rushed back up to his room, you took in a deep breath, the feeling of his hand still being there lingered. "Oh god..." You muttered to yourself as you took in a deep breath, deciding you should go to bed, shutting off the TV and taking Jupiter with you. Now that was going to keep you awake all night. The sad part was--even though you were shocked and knew how wrong it was even though it was an accident--you kind of liked it. It wasn't like Hux did anything or gave you much excitement in your relationship. Making your way up to Rey's room, you stopped at the door as you looked over to Ben's, sighing before entering Rey's and placing Jupiter down. Seeing how Rey was already knocked out, you slid under the covers of the air mattress as you stared up at the ceiling. I should've smacked him...I should have yelled at him instead of staring at him...but it was an accident .... Rolling onto your side as you rubbed your face, you groaned; clearly things weren't about to get easier for you. . . . Spending the whole night thinking about how he had basically cupped your whole boob rather than his obnoxious cat, he had felt so guilty that it was eating him alive, the incident repeating in his head. It was as if he could still feel your breast in his hand and the sensation would not leave. "I grabbed her boob instead of Kylo...and, in my defense, it was dark and I could barely see-" "And you didn't even bother to look!" Poe exclaimed as he smacked Ben's arm. "I know! I was just trying to watch the movie and I wasn't thinking-" "Clearly you weren't when you grabbed her whole fucking boob! Why would you do that, Benjamin?! And when's it gonna lead to second base?!" About to defend himself, Bens mouth fell shut as his eyebrows knitted. "I thought you were scolding me not cheering me on?" "Hey, I'm doing both, that's what good friends are for!" Poe lifted up a finger as Ben rolled his eyes, only to have Rey and Finn walk up to the two. "What's going on?" Rey curiously asked as Ben gulped, Poe turning to face her with a smirk. "Ben, here, grabbed his first boob," Poe winked as Rey gasped, smacking her brothers arm. "Gross! Mom and dad didn't raise you to be that way!" Storming off, Ben shot a look at Poe. "Who?!" Finn asked, curiosity taking over as he took Rey's spot. "Son, I can't tell you that because not even I know." Poe patted Finn's shoulder as Finn turned to face Ben. "Who was it, Ben? Tell us!" Finn nodded as Ben sighed, awkwardly rubbing the back of his neck. "Uh...well, her name is....her name is Ariana and it happened at work..." He lied with a nod as Finn grew wide eyed. "Was it an accident?" Finn arched an eyebrow. "Nah, totally on purpose." Ben smirked as he crossed his arms, Finn shaking his head. "No damn respect for women..." Feeling his shoulders slump as he watched Finn walk off, Poe then smacked Ben's chest. "You didn't do it on purpose! You're too much of a pussy!" Poe retorted as Ben gasped. "Hey! Do not talk to me like that!" He pointed a finger as Poe rolled his eyes. "Have you heard y/n say anything about it?" Poe suddenly asked as Ben shook his head. "No, not that I know of, I'm pretty sure she's gonna stay quiet about it since...you know, she has a boyfriend." Ben rolled his eyes as Poe sighed. "She's probably embarrassed-" "Dude, she stared at me...she was staring at me when it happened! She didn't even smack me or yell at me to let go! She just stared !" Ben exclaimed as Poe's eyed widened. "Are you telling me she liked it?" Poe raised an eyebrow as Ben instantly shook his head. "W-what? No way!" He shoved Poe's shoulder. "I don't know, man...if she didn't get angry or tried stopping you, she probably liked the feeling of it. I mean, it isn't like Hux is all that fun, I don't even think he kisses her." "Oh, no, he does." Ben nodded. "And it's the worst thing I've ever seen." "Well, at least Hux doesn't grab her boobs by accident when trying to grab his cat, that's for sure-" "Hux doesn't even grab anything! Let alone, touch!" Ben retorted. "Sometimes I wonder as to how y/n even likes him when barely anyone does...they just swallow him because he's her boyfriend and he is the class president and has a lot of power..." "No one likes him?" Ben asked as Poe began walking to class. "Not really, he's a real dick but y/n and others--like Rey--don't see it." Poe shrugged as he walked backwards before turning around. "But, it's your job to make sure she realizes one day!" Seeing Poe disappear into the distance, Ben took in a deep breath. "You have no idea how long I've been meaning to." "So how is it staying at the Solo residence?" Hux asked as he walked alongside you, the two of you entering the chemistry classroom, going to your usual seats. "It's..." Thinking about the night before, you took in a deep breath, "different...I mean, it's only been like one night so I can't say much." Shrugging, you placed your bag down as you pulled out your notebook, leaning your chin into the palm of your hand as you wiggled your pen in your other. "How long exactly will you be staying there?" Settling down next to you as he prepared his notes, you looked over, seeing how neat he was. What kind of high school student really comes that prepared and is that neat? Sighing, you looked away from him, "Ten days." Turning your attention ahead, your eyes landed on the doorway just as Ben had walked in, causing your throat to lock as your eyes widened. Quickly looking away as you suddenly grew stiff, you awkwardly covered your face as you looked down at your notebook, hand lying against your forehead. Looking over at you, Ben felt his heart throb as he thought about the incident, suddenly feeling guilty; but it washed away as he had thought about how you weren't the slightest of pissed when it happened. "Ten days? That's quite a bit..." Slowly lifting your head up to see Ben had left your sight, you let out a small breath in relief, looking over at Hux, only to find yourself looking directly at Ben. Gulping as Ben turned his head over to you, you blinked repetitively and quickly looked away, shaking your head as you pushed your hand through your hair. "Yeah...its going to be quite...interesting." Unable to keep your focus throughout class as you had found your thoughts constantly drifting to the incident, you grew flustered. In the (almost) four years of being with Hux, not once had he done anything that... intimate before, let alone, even tried . All he ever did was kiss you, and if you were lucky, hug you on occasion. As much as you appreciated his respect in boundaries, you had wished that at least once he would try doing something different. It didn't have to be as big as losing your virginity to him, but a simple touch or whispering sweet nothings to you. But what did you get? "Maybe after school you can come to my debate and cheer me on," Hux winked at you before he left your sight as the two of you were leaving class. That's what you got. "Ugh..." Turning out of the class to head to History, you suddenly felt someones arm loop with your own. "Hello, y/n! Jeez, you are so short, I have to lean to do this..." Looking up, your eyebrows furrowed the slightest. "Phasma?" "Oh! So you remember me?" She shrieked as you tilted your head back the slightest. "Of course I do? Why wouldn't I? You're at every football game..." You awkwardly chuckled. "I mean, since you're so popular you'd expect that your kind would forget." Phasma shrugged as you arched an eyebrow. "My kind? I only hang out with the same like, four people..." "Yeah, but you're still popular. But that isn't important now, what's important is Ben Solo." She nodded as your eyebrows furrowed. "Sorry, that sounded so weird...I mean, what's important is your friendship with Ben. I remember in middle school that you and I, aside from Poe and Finn although they rarely spoke to him, were his only friends and you really brought him happiness." "R-really?" You smiled. "I mean, I made him happy, too...but you made his days a lot better and I'm hoping you'd do the same now for him. He's a cool dude and he's like a brother to me and if I know the source to his happiness is you, I'd just like to say for you to keep it going. You mean a lot to him, y/n." Patting your back, Phasma walked into the classroom before you as you stood there, heart pounding. "That's what best friends are for..." You muttered to yourself, thinking how he made you insanely happy, even if you two argued a little too much for your own good. Walking into the class as your eyes landed on Ben, you smiled and made your way over, taking a seat in front of him as you turned around. "I'm sorry for-" "It's totally fine!" You swatted your hand. "It was an accident, we all make accidents." Nodding your head, Ben narrowed his eyebrows. "Good, because it would honestly suck if my actions pushed you away..." He leaned forward, voice growing lower as you chuckled. "You're-you're good!" Grinning, Ben leaned in just a bit more before pushing some of your hair behind your ear, causing your chest to tighten. "Perfect." Winking, Ben trailed his finger from the tip of your jaw to your chin before leaning back in his chair as the teacher spoke up, causing you to slowly turn around as your heart raced. This boy was going to be the death of you with his constant unexpected flirtation. . . . "We will not be dressing out for gym today as there's a leak in the boys locker room so it's freeplay." The gym coach announced as everyone mumbled before spreading out. "Let's go out on the field." You nudged Rey as the two of you stood up, Rey grabbing onto Finn and pulling him along. Throughout the school day, even during history, Ben had found himself sending you looks and smirks every time the two of you made eye contact. You weren't sure what caused the sudden boost of confidence in the young man, but it was driving you wild and all you wanted to do was whine--it wasn't fair on your end. The fact that you felt so helpless each and every time only made you more irritated. "Rey, can I please play basketball..." Finn groaned as Rey sighed, shooing him off. "Fine, go and join Poe." "I have no practice after school today, bless." You smiled, moving onto the grass and deciding the only way to entertain yourself was to do all sorts of flips, starting off with cartwheels. "Lucky you, I do." Studying you, Rey tried going for a cartwheel, failing each time. "I have a competition Sunday and I'm ready to get it over with. The anxiety is killing me." Sighing as she decided to just sit on the grass and watch you go, you landed and looked at her for a moment. "I'm sure you guys will do great and get first place!" Nodding, you went on with your cartwheels. "Also...Hux somewhat invited me to his debate, but I really don't want to go. Those are so boring and he always makes it competitive and I rather not." "Ben, where you going?" Poe called out as Ben had walked off. "I gotta ask Rey and see if she needs a ride today!" He yelled in response before turning his attention back ahead, eyes landing on you as you went on with your cartwheels, changing it by doing back handsprings and aerials. "Holy crap..." He mumbled to himself, watching you go. Head bouncing with every flip you made, his eyes suddenly widened at the sight of your exposed underwear. Unable to look away as the image was now engraved in his brain, Ben's heart raced as he had completely forgotten about you flipping, rather, the sight of your panties. "Oh! Do the one where you flip and then you do that backwards one!" Rey called out to you. "You mean a roundoff back handspring?" Seeing Rey nod eagerly, you took in a deep breath. "See how many you can do!" Rey clapped as you raised your eyebrows. "Alright..." Watching you go as your skirt continuously flowed in the air with every flip you had done, Ben hadn't realized you were going straight towards him; every flip you took brought you closer and closer, Rey realizing that you were bound to run into Ben as she stood up. "Ben! Ben! Get out of the way!" She shouted, but Ben was too caught up in his fantasy world as his jaw hung loose, too turned on to even realize someone was yelling at him. "BEN!" Suddenly being knocked off of his feet as his nose was aching in pain, his eyes were welling up with tears as they streamed down, him not realizing as his thoughts were elsewhere. Pink lacy underwear will be the death of me . "Ben!" You shrieked, going onto your knees as he lied there, nose bleeding. "Ben, are you okay?! I'm so sorry!" Slightly smiling to himself, he only flinched at the excruciating pain that shot up his nose. I never knew having my dreams come true would be this dangerous . "I'm...I'm-" Lying there as the blood dripped down, your eyes widened. "Dammit, Ben, I was trying to warn you." Rey crossed her arms as she stood there, blocking the sun from his view. "Ben, are you okay? We should really take you to the nurses office!" Trying to help him up, Ben groaned. Fucking pink laced underwear. "I'm...I'm fine..." Ben nodded, standing up and trying to stop the bleeding as he tilted his head back. "What the hell were you doing anyways?" Rey asked as Ben gulped, looking over at you and Rey. "Admiring the work of art..." Growing wide eyed at Ben's statement, you blushed as Rey arched an eyebrow, "That is y/n flipping! Yeah!" Nice save, dumbass. Chapter 10 : No Control Summary: Here's more pervy ben and slightly pervy reader Pink. Laced. Underwear. Lost in his own dream world, Ben held the bag of ice against his nose, not realizing the blood dripping down until you had walked in and shoved a pair of tampons up his nostrils. "What the hell?" He jumped as you had stood up straight from bending as Ben had been sitting on the cot. "Did you? Did you just-" Removing the icepack and touching the string from the tampons, Ben's eyebrow arched. "Is that a tampon?" "Seeing as the nurses at our school are unreliable, since they aren't even nurses rather faculty members, the tampons will help absorb the blood." You stated with a shrug as your hands were on your hips. "I can hardly breathe-" "Breathe through your mouth, doofus." Shaking your head, you snickered, taking a seat next to him. "How come you didn't move if you saw me coming your way?" You curiously asked as Ben's eyes widened. The fucking pink laced underwear, that's why . "Uh...I just, I was enthralled in all your flipping that I guess I didn't put two and two together that you were coming directly at me." He awkwardly chuckled as you let out a sigh. "I could've broken your nose, Ben." You scolded as Ben looked over at you. "I know, and I'm sorry." He frowned as you shook your head with a small smile. "But I'm fine!" Arching an eyebrow at him, Ben cleared his throat. "Well...somewhat..." "Just, please be careful next time...if there is a next time." Laughing as you swung your legs from how your feet barely touched the floor, Ben smiled. I hope there's a next time. Instantly shaking his head at his disturbing thoughts, he mentally face-palmed. "Oh, I almost forgot to tell you, I work after school so I don't know if you want me to walk you to the bus stop or if Rey's going to take you-" "I can go with you!" Your head popped up, you instantly feeling embarrassed as Ben's eyebrows raised. "I-I mean, I don't mind going with you to work..." You smiled as Ben slowly nodded. "Alright, as long as you don't mind seeing me tell off rude customers while my boss scolds me like the grandson she thinks I am." Standing up from his spot on the cot, Ben nudged his head for you to get up. "C'mon, it's enough that we missed most of gym cause of this." Nodding your head, you stood up and followed Ben out. "Oh, we should go to the gym since we left our bags in there!" Looking towards you as you had instantly grabbed Ben's hand, you rushed the two of you over. "O-Okay! Why are we in such a rush?" "Because another class is in there and they could steal my things!" You exclaimed as you ran on, one of Ben's hands pressing the ice pack against his nose as the other was being held tight by your own. "Seriously? I'm sure no one wants to steal your notebook-" "No, I have things in there, Ben," You looked at him for a moment before looking back ahead. Things? What kinds of things? Feeling his curiosity take over, he couldn't help but imagine what sorts of things you held in there. Does she have backup underwear that's really expensive? Or maybe a bra? What if it's- "Come on, Ben, you have long legs for a reason!" Tugging him, Ben's eyebrows narrowed at your statement. Long legs for a reason? What reason?! What is it that she's referring to?! Bursting through the gym, everyones attention in it snapped over to the two of you as you stood there, hand in hand. Seeing everyones eyes trail down to your hands--as they had been staring at the strings dangling down Ben's nose--you and Ben looked down at them before instantly letting go, casually walking off and over to where your bags had been. Going to pick up his bag, Ben turned his head just as you had bent over, only to bite his inner cheek as he forced himself to look away. Shutting his eyes, he took a moment; stupid pink laced underwear, why does she keep taunting me like this? Opening his eyes up once again as he stood up straight, slinging his bag over his shoulder as you had done the same before walking off, Ben sighed. It isn't like she knows she's doing it... Quietly walking out of the gym as Ben had followed slowly behind, you couldn't help but feel bothered by the fact that you had let go of Ben's hand. It's no big deal, it wasn't like Ben and I were holding hands for no reason. Taking in a deep breath, you pushed your hair behind your ears as you walked on, knowing well enough Ben had to have been thinking the same. Why did everyone have to look at us? I was enjoying holding her hand! "Are you going to study hall?" Ben asked as he broke the silence, rushing over to your side. Nodding your head, you looked up at him for a split second as you suddenly felt too nervous to even bother to make eye contact, Ben noticing and smirking the slightest. "Uh...yeah, maybe...I mean, I have homework to do and what not so I think it'd be best." "I totally think you should," Ben nodded. "I mean, since you're such a good person and wouldn't think about leaving your best friend alone in the library." Sucking in your breath, you forced a smile. "Yeah, I mean, it's the least I can do since I busted your nose..." You chuckled as Ben smiled. "Well...since you do owe me for being your ride to and from school..." He trailed on before wrapping an arm around your shoulders, leaning close to your ear, "It would be lovely for you to join me in study hall." Gulping as your heart skipped a beat, Ben slid away as he walked on ahead of you with a sly smirk on his face, leaving you speechless. Pressing your hand against your chest as you felt it throb, you mumbled to yourself, "Dammit, Solo..." . . . Finding yourself completely enthralled in your studies for once, you were amazed how this was going on just fine seeing as you were sitting next to Ben. It wasn't your smartest move, but it sort of happened subconsciously, so when you had realized Ben's knee was brushing up against your own, your concentration went out the window. Why were you freaking out over his stupid knee brushing up against your own? Snapping your focus back onto your homework, Ben shifted his knee, feeling it brush up against yours once again as you let out a small breath, your knee socks sliding down the slightest. Was he doing this on purpose or was he totally oblivious to the fact? Reaching down to fix your sock, your knuckles rubbed against Ben's leg as you sucked in your breath, feeling his eyes on you. "Sorry, I'm trying to fix my sock..." Pushing your chair back just enough as you quickly fixed your sock, you slid your seat back in as you leaned your elbows on the table, hands on your cheek as you had no will to look at Ben. "It's fine," He smiled, "Like you said, my legs are long so I'm sorry if they keep getting in the way." Seeing that you didn't even bother to look at him, Ben bit his bottom lip. "It's-it's okay...it's better this way, if I sat across from you I'm sure I'd be in the way of you stretching out your legs." You nodded, coming up with an excuse as to why you naturally sat right next to Ben rather than across. "Just let me know if I'm bothering you, alright?" Seeing you nod your head again, Ben smiled as he crossed his arms behind his head, casually sliding back in his seat as his legs spread further apart just enough for his knee to push up against your own even more. Swallowing, you swiftly stood up to sit on the one leg that kept brushing against Ben's, causing him to frown as his hands fell down from where they were. As much as he enjoyed the teasing, reality liked to smack him in the back of his head to remind him that you were not his. So he let it be, appreciating the simple fact that at least for the next hour or so he was going to be able to sit right next to you. It was better than nothing. Not realizing how quick the time had gone by as you had actually finished your homework on time, surprised how Ben not once bothered you, the dismissal bell had rung as Ben stood up from his spot. "I'll meet you by my car, I have to change for work." Looking up at him as he smiled over at you, you nodded as you watched him walk away. Gathering your things and putting them into your bag, you stood up and made your way towards the library entrance, only to be stopped. "Y/n!" Turning around, your eyebrows knitted, seeing one of the freshman cheerleaders run up to you. "Hey, you're friends with Ben, right?" "Well, I mean, I wasn't just sitting next to some guy I didn't know..." You chuckled as you looked at her. "Yeah, whatever." Arching an eyebrow as she swatted a hand, the girl continued on, "What's his type?" "His type...what?" You leaned back the slightest. "Type in girls, duh!" She laughed as your eyebrows raised. "Why...?" "Well, he's really hot and you know--tall, dark, and mysterious kind of guy and ugh that's so sexy so I wanted to know what his type was?" Looking away as you tried not rolling your eyes, you looked back at her with an annoyed expression, "He isn't into younger girls, thats for sure. He would never date a freshman." At that, you turned on your heel and walked off, feeling your blood boil. Were you really that jealous? It isn't like you really knew what his type was since you weren't it. "Ugh, that idiot." Rolling your eyes as you stormed off, you left the girl standing there with her jaw hanging loose. "Ben!" Turning around as he had been folding up his dress shirt and putting it in his bag, he looked over his shoulder to see Poe. "Dude, what happened on the field?" Poe jogged over as Ben felt his face heat up. "Oh, nothing, just got to distracted watching y/n do her flips-" "Bullshit! We both know that's a lie!" Poe pointed a finger as Ben's eyes widened. "What do you mean-" "It's clear that you didn't get kicked in the face because you were watching her flip. You're not that stupid, Ben." Gasping the slightest in offense, Ben pointed his finger. "Hey! I was really amazed, okay!" "Yeah, amazed in her underwear-" Instantly covering Poe's mouth, Ben shushed him. "Shut up, okay?!" Shoving Ben's hands away, Poe laughed. "Aha! I knew it!" "Whoa, hey, how would you even know?" Ben arched an eyebrow, instantly grabbing Poe's collar. "You're not checking her out, are you?!" "First of all, if anyone had looked over there they could have seen her underwear, and second of all, I'm not the kind of guy who checks out some other guys girl." Poe smirked as he crossed his arms, only for Ben to smack the side of his head. "Hey?! Ow!" "First of all, they have no right to look-" Seeing Poe arch an eyebrow, Ben rolled his eyes, "-and second of all, leave me alone!" "You are such a sad, sad soul, Ben Solo." Poe shook his head. "You are lucky I consider you my best friend and that I care for you." Placing a hand on his chest, Poe nodded as Ben groaned. "So tell me, was the busted nose worth it?" Lowly growling, Ben's eye twitched, "No because it's all I can think about now and it's carved into my fuckin' memory and it wasn't enough that I saw it once--no--I saw it twice !" Ben lifted up two fingers as Poe bursted out laughing. "I swear you are such a dumbass...did she kick you in the balls the second time around?" Poe teased as Ben glared. "No! She didn't even notice, alright? She was bending forward to grab her bag and I so happened to look up right there and then and she really needs to wear shorts under that because some sicko could really get turned on by that sight-" "A sicko named Ben Solo?" Poe smirked, holding back a laugh. "Shut up!" Shoving Poe back, Ben walked off. "I am not a sicko!" "Make sure Hux doesn't see you the next time you check his girl out! Maybe he'll actually break your nose!" Poe called out as Ben flipped him off. "If anyone will be breaking noses, it'll be me breaking his first!" Waving his hand in the air, Ben left Poe's sight. "Ben Solo, you son of a bitch," Poe chuckled as he shook his head, "You are so damn persistent, why did you have to leave in the first place?" Rubbing the back of his head, Poe turned around and walked on, wishing nothing but the best for his best friend. Pushing past the school main doors, Ben rushed down the steps as he could see you leaning against his car, patiently waiting and causing Ben to grin. "Sorry, I don't give free rides." Ben spoke up as he walked over to you, you looking up and over at him, chuckling. "Shut up," You shoved him, walking around to go to the passengers seat as Ben went to unlock the door. "The only thing I'm paying you with is my company and that should be enough." Seeing Ben open the door for you, you went into the car as he sighed. Shutting the door, he muttered to himself, "You have no idea..." . . . "So you're telling me that you and your band don't aspire for anything more?" You asked as you looked over to Ben, his usual tape quietly playing in the background as he drove to the diner. "Basically-" "Why?! You guys are so talented and your music is so damn good!" You exclaimed as Ben chuckled. "I appreciate your enthusiasm but seeing as how we are nothing but amateurs who actually have lives-" "Seriously," You interrupted as you crossed your arms. "Rude. Okay, we actually have other things to do and see the band as nothing but a past time, we really wouldn't make a living out of it." He shrugged as you frowned. "Sure, we get some money with the small gigs we do, but it's not like we'd make serious money." "Whatever you say, amateur ..." You rolled your eyes as Ben looked over at you for a moment, smiling. "Sorry we all can't be the cheerleader with good grades and a boyfriend who's the class president miss perfect," Ben teased as you gasped, nudging his arm. "I am actually very proud that you are able to balance it all." He nodded as your mood slightly dropped, not because of him, but because reality had caved in. "Yeah...about that..." Fiddling your thumbs as Ben parked his car in the diners lot, he looked over at you as his grin slowly fell. "What is it?" He asked as you sighed. "It isn't easy being me. Middle school me was so chill, I mean, in a bad way. I was always late, had average grades and didn't even try. I didn't want to continue being like that so the second high school came was the second I decided I'd grow up a little and be more responsible. With time, I took in more and more responsibilities that I thought I could handle without stressing myself out but I lied. It's exhausting, you know?" Looking over at him for a moment, you turned your head away and sighed. "I'm not that perfect girl everyone thinks I am. I'm always so damn tired from all the homework and extracurricular stuff I do, I feel like I don't even have time to breathe and be me." "What do you mean?" Ben curiously asked as he studied you, seeing how your body grew tense while you leaned against the door, the side of your head pressed up against the window. "I just..." Taking in a deep breath, you bit your bottom lip, "I just want to relax and not feel so damn overwhelmed all the time. I never imagined myself to be this busy at such a young age. I feel like I'm suffocating myself with all that I do and it's making me so worked up. I don't want to sound like a brat or anything, but it's hard sometimes and it really gets to you." Seeing how your mood completely changed, Ben scooted over and pulled you into his chest. "You'll get through this, I know you will. You've been surviving and getting by this long that I'm sure you can keep going." Ben stated as he held you close, you shutting your eyes as you took in a shaky breath, truly appreciating the comfort and his compassion. "And if you ever need help, know that you've got me..." Nodding your head, Ben smiled. "And, of course, Rey and Finn and Poe." He chuckled as you smiled. "Thanks, Ben." Wrapping your arms around him as you hugged him tightly, getting a whiff of his scent and suddenly wanting to smell more, you only stopped yourself as you leaned away. "Sorry to be a downer, but I just wish people didn't think I was all that perfect...I have my issues and what not like everyone else..." You muttered as Ben only gave you a wholehearted smile. "I think, at least in my eyes, you are your own definition of perfect." He winked as you playfully rolled your eyes, shoving him back. "And it's okay to have your issues, like you said, we've all got 'em. What matters is that you go to someone for help instead of keeping it all in." Ruffling with your hair, you shoved Bens hand away as you went to fix it. "Is that someone you?" You arched an eyebrow as Ben grinned, nodding his head. "You dork, you're lucky I consider you my best friend." Ruffling with his hair, Ben laughed, grabbing your waist and pushing you back. "Hey, kid, only I can do that to you." Ruffling his hair even more, Ben moved his hands from your waist, up to your wrists as he held them. "You want problems, don't you?" "It's only fair that I ruin your beautiful mane as you always do to mine," You chuckled as Ben rolled his eyes. "I don't think you understand, I am the only one who can do it in this friendship," He nodded with a wink as you scoffed. "Says who?!" "Says me, that's who." "I don't think you have that right..." Shaking your head stubbornly, Ben raised his eyebrows. "I can do what I want, Solo." "I don't think you understand..." Holding both of your wrists in one hand, Ben lifted up a finger. "I am the only one who can mess up your hair, you can't touch mine, it's absolutely prohibited...and since you did, I'm just going to have to punish you." "Ben, no." Seeing his finger slowly move to your rib cage, you gasped. "Ben, I swear I will kick you so hard in the balls if you tickle me!" "We'll see about that-" "Ben, I swear! I will kick you!" Jumping as Bens finger jabbed against your ribs, you were suddenly letting out fits of laughter as he rapidly moved his finger along your rib cage. "I-I-...I ha-hate you! S-so m-much!" Trying to pull your hands away, you thrashed around only for your knee to jerk up and hit him in the groin. Instantly letting go as he fell forward, Ben's forehead was pressed against your chest as you tried catching your breath. "Ah, fuck...I didn't think you'd actually do it..." Groaning in pain, you hadn't realized the position you two were in until you looked down to see nothing but Ben's hair, causing you to freeze up. "I-I warned you..." You stuttered, Ben slowly sitting up but failing, face colliding with your chest as you yelped. Staying like that for a moment as you were too stunned and Ben was too embarrassed as the pain instantly lessened out from how stiff he grew, Ben gulped. As much as having his face stuffed up against your breasts was a fantasy, he didn't want it to be this way, especially when it broke boundaries and made him seem disrespectful. "Hey! Do that elsewhere!" Someone knocked on the car window before storming off, causing you and Ben to jump. "I-I am so sorry..." Ben gulped, sitting up, waving his hand. "I-I did not mean to-" "It...it was an accident it's okay, I'm sorry I kicked you so hard." Nodding your head rapidly as your heart thud rather harshly against your chest from how anxious you had become, you sat up and grabbed your bag. "I...we should go inside." Ben pointed, turning off his car as you nodded. "Mhm, yeah..." Piling out of the car as Ben locked it, the two of you nervously walked side by side, over to the revolving doors. "Benjamin Solo, where have you been?!" Seeing a small, angry, old woman storm Ben's way, your eyes widened. "It is half past-" "I know, I know, I'm so sorry Maz it's just I-" "You," Maz pointed the rolled up paper in her hand at you as you gulped, looking into her thick glasses as she stared up at you. "This is her, isn't it?" "Huh?" Your eyebrows suddenly narrowed as Bens eyes widened, swallowing the lump in his throat. "Maz-" "You are forgiven..." Maz turned to Ben as she pointed the paper, "This time around, now get to work!" Nodding his head, Ben looked at you for a moment before walking off, Maz smacking his butt with the rolled up paper before turning to you. "It's my fault that Ben is late, I'm-" "I know," Maz nodded as your eyebrows scrunched up. "Come, come, sit wherever you'd like!" Grabbing your arm and pulling you, you decided to sit in the far back booth near a wall that had an Audrey Hepburn poster on it, amongst a few other small frames of other actresses. "You are Ben's best friend, yes?" "Y-yes..." You nodded. "Whatever you want, it is on me," She winked with a smile. "Oh, no, it's okay-" "I insist, those who make Ben happy, make me happy." She nodded as you swallowed. "O-okay...can-can-" "I'll take her order!" Ben called out as he rushed over, Maz smiling. "Good," Maz nodded before walking off. "I'm sorry about her, she's a bit crazy." Ben sighed as you waved a hand. "It-it's fine! She seems very nice!" You smiled as Ben Smiled back. "Y-yeah...so, what would you like?" About to pull out his notepad, you simply spoke up. "Just a strawberry milkshake." Looking over at you as you nodded with a grin, Ben placed his notepad back into his apron as he nodded back. "You've got it." Rushing off, you let out a deep sigh before settling in your spot. You should get really used to moments like these, they seem to happen more and more frequently than ever before. . . . "Seeing as I'm on break, do you want me to drop you off back at my place?" Sipping on the last bit of your milkshake, Ben brought you a new one and placed it down as you quickly shook your head. "N-no, its fine! I'll wait until your shift is over." You smiled as Bens heart throbbed. "You sure? I have a few hours left-" "It's okay with me, honestly, it's entertaining seeing you work." You winked as Ben's heart sank. "Plus, it's Friday and I honestly do not mind, this place is nice and Maz is great company!" "Whatever you say," Taking a seat in front of you, the two of you had found yourselves enthralled in a conversation about music, Ben telling you all about the artists he listened to as you sat there with such an eager expression. "I swear, that boy better win her heart and never break it..." Maz leaned against the counter as she spoke to one of the cooks as they leaned against the opening of the kitchen. "If you ask me, that boy she had brought in with her a few days ago looked so boring...and too perfect if you ask me." He stated as Maz nodded in agreement. "I couldn't agree more." . . . "I'll see you, later!" Ben called out to Maz as he hung up his apron, you gathering your things and pulling your bag over your shoulder as you had met up with Ben at the entrance of the diner. "Y/n, you are more than welcomed to come and stay whenever you'd like!" Maz called out as you smiled, waving at her. "Thank you, I will definitely take your offer!" Opening up the door for you, you walked out first as Ben soon followed behind, just after he looked at Maz and got a wink from her; after Ben had finished his break, Maz had pulled him aside as if she were about to scold him, only to tell him that " you better win her heart " and leaving him at that. "I'm disappointed, I thought I was going to see you tell off some customers." You frowned as Ben chuckled. "I guess today was my lucky day, maybe you're my good luck charm." Pinching your cheek as he went to open your door, the two of you got into his car and were off. The second you two had arrived to Bens house was a complete chaos, just as you were upstairs showering, you could hear Han scolding Ben from all the way downstairs. Quickly finishing up and drying yourself as you changed into sweats and a tank top, you slid on your slippers and made your way downstairs. "Rey, what's going?" You asked. "Ben here is being scolded for almost being put in jail, meanwhile dad has no idea how to punish Ben so he's making him stand on the counter and face the wall..." "Wha-" Looking over, you covered your mouth, wanting to laugh but also feeling really bad. "This is so stupid! What the hell, dad?! I didn't even get arrested-" "Face the wall!" Han shouted as Ben groaned. "Rey, I told you nothing happened!" You whispered to her. "It accidentally slipped, okay!" She whispered back as you rolled your eyes. "Han, what are you doing?!" Leia called out. "Ben, get down from there!" "At least someone isn't crazy!" Ben shouted as he hopped off the counter, turning around and seeing you there, almost forgetting you had been staying over and suddenly feeling so embarrassed. "Dammit, Han, this isn't how you punish the children! You made him look like a fool in front of his crush!" Leia whispered over to Han as Ben's face grew red. "Is everything alright?" You asked Ben as you had walked over to him, seeing him nod. "Y-yeah...I-I just...want to watch a movie?" Trying act like nothing had happened just a few seconds ago, Ben forced a smile as you slowly nodded. "S-sure..." "Why don't we all watch a movie." Leia nodded, Rey groaning as Han rolled his eyes, Leia glaring at the two as they immediately made their way over to the couch. Sitting in between Ben and Rey as Han sat beside Leia on their own couch, watching some movie Han had decided to pick since he was 'forced to be there.' "I can barely hear anything!" Han spoke up. "That's because you're old," Rey teased. "Watch it." Han pointed a finger. "Just put the subtitles on," Leia spoke up. "I don't have the remote, Ben does." Rey responded. Not paying attention to the conversation as he was too caught up in the film, you decided to do it yourself, going to grab the remote only to grab something instead. Growing wide eyed when you realized what you had been grasping onto, Ben whimpered as your heart sank, surpassing your feet. "Ben, this movie isn't even that sad." Han spoke up as Ben stared back at you, eyes just as wide as your own as you gulped, quickly letting go of his crotch as your stomach turned. "I-I'm going to bed," You announced, quickly standing up and walking off as Ben watched, frowning at the sight of you leaving. "Oh, alright, goodnight sweetie!" Leia called out as Han simply waved, too engrossed into the movie. "Yeah, this movie sucks anyways." Rey added as she stood up and left. Pouting to himself, Ben was slightly disappointed that you had let go and fully disappointed that you had left. I shouldn't have liked that, that was an accident you fucking sicko! Rushing up the steps and going into Rey's room, your stomach filled up with butterflies as you took in deep breaths. First he grabbed your boob, then he face-planted into your chest, now this? In the span of two days you and Ben had a lot more action going on than you and Hux had in the three to four years you two had been together. "I'm going to die..." You mumbled as you slammed your palm against your forehead. As much as you hated to admit it, the thought of it was quite exciting and the fact that hearing Ben whimper made you the slightest of turned had said so much that you knew you had to go. The question was, how long was this going to keep happening? And who was going to break first? Chapter 11 : Even In My Dreams, I Can't Win Notes: ben and reader are slight pervs (again) at the beginning, but it really isn't all their fault... Sitting with his back pressed up against the couch as his attention was set on the TV screen, Ben had his arm spread out on the top of the couch as you had sat next to him, legs crossed along with your arms as you watched the movie playing. Slightly turning your head to look at Ben, you smirked as you realized how enthralled he had been in the film, only to trail your eyes down his chest, then to his hips where the waist band of his sweats wrapped around. Taking in a deep breath as you bit your bottom lip, your hand lied up on his knee as Ben's hearted skipped a beat, looking over, seeing your head facing ahead. Gulping, Ben looked down at your hand, only to see it slowly trailing up has leg, brushing against his crotch as his breath hitched. Bitting his inner lip, your hand gently rubbed against it as Ben's breathing began to quicken, you only surprising him as you gave him a squeeze, hearing a small whimper leaving his now parted lips. "Fuck..." He whispered as you smirked, hand moving up to his waist band as you tugged it back. Looking over at him as Ben's eyes fluttered closed as your hand slid down his pants, his eyes suddenly shot open to the sight of his ceiling, sweat trickling down his forehead. "Fucking dream..." He groaned, rubbing his face as he removed the covers off of his bare chest, taking in deep breaths. If he had stayed in the dream any longer he would've had to change his boxers. Heavily panting in your sleep as you tossed and turned on the air mattress, you tried and tried your damnedest to wake yourself up, afraid your dream was only going to get worse. "Come on, Ben..." You chuckled, straddling him as your hand moved up and down against the material of his underwear. "You can't already be this worked up when I've barely done anything!" Trailing your finger along his jaw, you got a hold of his chin. "Open your eyes..." Seeing him shake his head, you rolled your eyes. "Come on, Ben..." Brushing your thumb against his bottom lip, you leaned forward and whispered in his ear, "I want to see you-" Gasping, you sat up on the air mattress and rubbed your face, feeling exceedingly guilty. "Why, me?" Standing up from the mattress as you took in small, deep breaths, you quietly walked out of Rey's room, heading down the stairs to get water. Making your way down the last steps and rubbing the sleep from your eyes, you hadn't realized someone was already in the kitchen until your eyes landed on Ben's bare back, standing there in nothing but boxers. "I'm sorry!" You instantly turned around, Ben nearly jumping at the sound of your voice as he saw you standing there, back facing him. If it wasn't for the fact that Ben had seen you once before in your pajamas, he was sure his situation would be far more worse--but it still didn't help that you slept in silk shorts and tank tops that fit you just perfectly. "It's fine." He swallowed, only to realize he was just in his boxers. "Oh, oh! I'm sorry..." He awkwardly chuckled as you turned around and felt your face heat up. "You look fine-I-I mean it's fine, you know...I'm used to it since I have twin older brothers who love walking around in nothing but their boxers..." You swatted a hand with a shrug as Ben nodded, shyly smiling. "I just, I needed to get some water...I had a-a nightmare." You could call it that. Growing wide eyed, you raised your eyebrows. "Oh, haha, funny...so did I." Nodding your head, Ben handed you an empty glass for you to get water. "What was yours about?" He curiously asked as he leaned his back against the counter, drinking his water. "Oh, uh..." Unsure of what to say, you said whatever first came to mind. "Just...just zombies." "Zombies?" Ben arched an eyebrow. "You're afraid of zombies?" He chuckled. "Well, you know, when your friends and family turn into them, it really isn't a lovely sight." Turning around, you sipped your water. "I guess..." Looking over as he drank the last bit of his water, he placed the now empty glass in the sink. "What was yours?" You asked, leaning against the fridge. "Oh, well, you see..." Scratching the back of his head, Ben awkwardly chuckled. " Zombies ." Narrowing your eyes, you glared, "Haha, very funny, Ben." "What?! I'm serious!" He shrieked as you rolled your eyes, walking over to him and pinching his belly. "Ow, hey..." "What was it really ?" You asked, drinking your water. "Okay, it was about you." Furrowing your eyebrows, you slowly moved the brim of the cup away from your lips. "You see, we were being chased by this serial killer--sort of like Michael Myers--and we were running hand in hand but somehow he was too fast and got a hold of you and took you away." "You didn't try to get me back?" You shook your head as Ben lifted up a finger. "I did, but the guy ended up killing you before I could." He frowned. "What a bummer..." You sighed. "Tell me about it, you and I were on a really nice date." Walking past you as your jaw dropped, Ben smirked. "The damn son of a bitch had to ruin date night." Watching him walk over to the stairs, you quickly chugged your water and placed it in the sink. "N-no way! Cause in my dream, you and I were the only two still alive!" You lied as Ben turned around on the first step of the staircase. "Seriously?" He grinned as you nodded. "That's crazy." "Y-yeah, and it was weird because it was like the human race depended on us," You eagerly nodded as Ben slightly smirking. "Well, I'm glad it was you and I and not you and Hux, that would've been awful." He winked before turning around and walking back up the steps, leaving you there as you gulped. For some reason, deep down inside, you couldn't help but agree with his statement. "So am I..." Turning off the kitchen light, you went back up the stairs and to Rey's room. Was there truly any real reason as to why you had to lie to Ben to that extent? Of course not. . . . "Jeez, do yo usually sleep for fourteen hours?" Rey asked as you were slowly waking up, the first thing to pop up in your line of vision was her face as she had bent forward, hands pressed against her knees while she watched you wake up. "I thought that y/n stayed back in middle school?" Stretching, you blinked as you tried adjusting to the brightness in her room. "What time is it?" Looking over to her alarm clock, Rey raised her eyebrows. "Half past twelve-" "WHAT?!" You shot up in your spot, instantly getting light headed. "Twelve-thirty? Aw, damn..." Sighing, you rubbed your face. "What happened? Were you that exhausted? You didn't seem like it..." Standing up straight, Rey crossed her arms behind her head as she stretched. "Uh, yeah...school's beating me up!" You lied, nodding your head as Rey did the same but slowly. "I also was still adjusting to sleeping elsewhere, so it took me a bit to knock out..." "Seriously? I went to use the bathroom an hour into sleep and you were knocked out." Watching her walk over to her now fixed bed as she sat on it, you let out a small huff. "Well, I woke up here and there and it took me a bit to fall back asleep." You lied once again as Rey nodded. "I see, well, since you're up super late and since Ben surprisingly hasn't woken up either, mom saved you two breakfast in the microwave." Standing up from your spot as you went over to your bags, grabbing your necessities for the bathroom before walking into it. "Thanks, I'll go down in a bit." At that, you shut the door behind you. Had you really overslept? The last time you had done that was probably a few years back when you went to your first concert that ended up being on a Tuesday night. That Wednesday morning you had slept through all your alarms and managed to wake up halfway through the day. Other than that, the most you've ever slept on a daily basis was probably seven hours at max and you absolutely hated it. "It would be so nice to go back to the days of sleeping in whenever I wanted without a worry..." You spoke to yourself, toothbrush hanging from being held between your teeth as you pulled your hair back. The older you got, the more exhausting life was getting for you--mentally and physically--and you were amazed as to how you were still holding up. "Hey, I really hate to do this to you, but I have change in plans!" Rey called out the second you had walked out of the bathroom, feeling more refreshed and less grouchy. "Finn and I wanted to do some last minute rehearsals on our own for tomorrows competition!" Stopping in your tracks as you watched Rey walked back and forth, gathering her things, Rey only stopped and mumbled to herself as if she were trying to find something. "That's fine, I was planning on checking my house out and possibly go to the mall." You nodded as Rey nearly shouted. "AHA!" She held the guitar pick up. "Sorry, Finn needed to borrow one, he lost all of his somehow." Sticking the pick in her pocket, she turned to look at you with narrowed eyes. "Wait...all alone?" Shrugging, you walked over to slide your feet into your slippers as you pulled your robe on. "Yeah, it's no big deal, I've gone alone to the mall plenty of times and have ran into a bunch of people I know almost each time...so it's no bother." "Do you just take the bus?" Rey questioned as you nodded. "Sometimes I go with some of the girls from cheerleading or with Natasha, but other than that, on my own in the bus if my mom can't take me or will let me use her car--which is never." You sighed, walking towards the door of the room. "But I could use some me time!" Smiling over to Rey as she lightly smiled back, you opened the door and walked out. "Oh, y/n...don't you ever change on me." Rey whispered to herself, only to find herself going back to find another pick in case Finn had lost the one she brought. Walking past Ben's room and taking a deep breath, you continued down the hallway, then the stairs, only to be greeted the second you step foot on the first floor. "Good morning, or should I say afternoon, y/n." Leia smiled over to you as she walked past the staircase. "I'm sure Rey told you there's food in the microwave." "Yes she did, and good afternoon!" You smiled back before heading to the kitchen. By now, Rey's house was like your second home with the amount of times you've been and stayed over. But now that Han and Ben were back, it felt like the process of getting used to her placed started over again. "Hi, Jup!" You nearly squealed as you crouched down, seeing Jupiter walk up to you and meow the lightest. "I barely saw you yesterday, were you hiding from Kylo?" You arched an eyebrow, only to hear her hiss as you rolled your eyes, already knowing as to why. Turning around, you saw Kylo creeping up, only to dart over to you as Jupiter ran off. "Dammit, Kylo." You sighed, seeing the cat rub against you as he meowed. "You're lucky you're cute." Standing back up as you went to get your food, Kylo followed you around the kitchen as you went to get a fork along with a cup of juice, setting your breakfast up on the table, only to look up and see Ben walking over--this time with sweatpants and a shirt--as he held Jupiter? "How?!" Petting Jupiter, Ben only looked up and arched his eyebrow. "How, what?" "How are you holding her? She doesn't let anyone but myself hold her... how ?" You whispered the last word, walking over to him as Ben smirked. "I must be a cat whisperer." Looking up at him and rolling your eyes, you shook your head. "I could ask you the same since Kylo adores the hell out of you." Nudging his head over to Kylo, you looked down to see the all black cat sitting there, meowing at you. "No, he's following me because he has a crush on Jupiter and is trying to get at her." You sighed. "Seeing as Jupiter is always around me, he latches onto me..." Smiling as you hatched an idea, you lifted up a finger, "But...since Jupiter really likes you now, Kylo might as well follow you instead." You nodded as Ben's eyebrows narrowed. "I don't think-" Cutting himself off, Ben grinned. "You're probably right...welp, I guess Jupiter is mine now." Gasping as Ben walked past you, you grabbed his free arm. "Hey, whoa, she's mine. You already have two pets, buddy!" Pointing over to Chewie (who lied by the sliding glass door), you grabbed Jupiter from Ben's hold. Frowning, Ben watched you take a seat as you placed Jupiter on your lap. "But Chewie doesn't do anything and Kylo hates me!" Ben whined. " Semi , you mean." You corrected as Ben rolled his eyes. "As far as I'm seeing, he hasn't done anything to you yet." Shrugging, Ben only narrowed his eyes at you. "Key word, yet ." "Oh, shut up and eat your breakfast." Swatting a hand as Ben sighed, you began eating as Jupiter lied on your lap, Kylo sitting on the floor inches away and staring up at her. Heating up his food, Ben turned and leaned against the counter as he eyed you, seeing you there casually eating as Jupiter stuck out her paw to tease Kylo, the black cat trying to reach out only for Jupiter to pull her paw away. Quietly laughing to himself, Ben shook his head at the sight, wishing as if this was what he was able to wake up to for the rest of his life. "Aren't you going to get that?" You spoke up, interrupting Ben's daydream as he instantly stood up straight and turned around to get his food. Gazing outside the glass doors that sat parallel to you, presenting the backyard, your attention only shifted over to Ben as he had sat down next to you. "So, what are you up to this fine Saturday?" He curiously asked. Drinking your juice, you shrugged the slightest. "Well, I have to check up on my house and after that I was planning on going to the mall." You stated as Ben nodded. "Is Rey going with you?" Ben asked as he began eating. "No, she has last minute plans with Finn so I thought I'd go by myself." You lightly smiled as Ben looked over at you, eyebrows slightly furrowed. "Alone?" Thinking about how you never mentioned Hux, Ben kept that thought to himself. "You shouldn't have to go alone, that's no fun." "It's fine..." You looked away. "I've done it plenty of times before-" Frowning at your words, Ben watched as you messed with your food. "-I mean, it's no big-" "I'll go with you!" Ben exclaimed as your eyes widened from the sudden outburst. "It'll be great, you know, hanging out somewhere that isn't school or our houses." He nodded eagerly as a wide grin grew on your face, instantly looking over at Ben. "Really?! I-I mean, I don't want to ruin your plans if you have any..." Smiling at you, Ben shook his head. "I barely have plans unless it's work or hanging with the band or Poe, but I'd gladly hangout with you." Feeling your stomach fill up with butterflies, you looked down at your food, trying to fight your smile from showing even more. "I appreciate it." "That's what best friends are for!" He ruffled your hair as you instantly sighed. "Come on, let's hurry up and eat since half of the day is already gone." Chugging his juice as you nodded, the two of you scarfed down your breakfast before heading your separate ways to shower and change. Quickly rushing into the bathroom and undressing yourself, putting your pajamas to a side, you were way too excited to even bother locking the bathroom door as you instantly jumped into the shower--just how Ben had on his end; this not being the smartest idea you two came up with because the second you were busy washing yourself, and the second Ben was doing the same, something went completely haywire on your end. Humming to yourself as you showered, a sudden domino affect of weird noises came from the shower drain and the pipes, scaring the living daylight out of you as you shrieked at the top of your lungs. Hearing the sudden commotion, Ben instantly shut the shower off and grabbed his towel, wrapping it around his waist and running to Rey's room. Covering your ears as the noise went on, Ben shoved past the bathroom door--not realizing it had been unlocked--and calling out. "Are you okay?!" "AHHH!" You yelled, clutching onto your chest as your heart wasn't taking it. "I'm sorry! I heard yelling and thought something happened-" Seeing you peak your head out as you held onto the shower curtain, you took in a deep breath. "I-I am fine...on the other hand, I don't know about the shower." Gulping as you had been panting, you were too busy trying to calm down, not realizing Ben was in front of you in nothing but a towel hanging dangerously loose from his waist as his body dripped with water from head to toe. Now is not the time to drool or fantasize. Hearing the awful noise, Ben narrowed his eyes. "How about we get out and tell my dad." He nodded, grabbing your towel and handing it to you as you nodded, going behind the curtain and wrapping yourself in it after you had shut the water off. "I'm sorry about that." "It's fine, just a mild heart attack." Swatting your hand, Ben stuck out his own to help you get out of the shower as he didn't want you slipping, trying his best not to gawk at the sight of you in just a towel. On either end, both of you were suffering. "So you two decided to shower at the same time?" Nodding your heads as you and Ben stood side by side, outside the bathroom while Han looked at the shower, you slightly shivered as Ben casually stood there with his hands on his hips. "I'd call you dumbasses but y/n isn't one." "Wow, thanks dad." Ben said with a straight face. Smiling at Han's somewhat compliment, you lightly chuckled. "Thank you, Han." Looking down at you and seeing you bite your lip, Ben rolled his eyes in disgust--how could he forgot, not too long ago did you admit his dad was attractive . "Okay, how come I am the dumbass?" Ben asked as he crossed his arms. "Because you almost got arrested, dumbass-" "It was one time! One! Time! And it wasn't even my fault!" Ben exclaimed as your smile turned into a frown, knowing very well it was pretty much your fault since you never went to open the door for Ben. Looking down at you as he noticed how you were now frowning, his eyes widened the slightest at his own statement, realizing it made it seem like he was blaming you. Nudging you with his elbow, Ben give you a reassuring smile, only for you to smile back. Of course he didn't mean to make you upset, if anything all he wanted was for you to be happy. "Mhm, I bet." Han hummed as you had nearly forgotten you were still just in your towel, shivering. Seeing your body tremble as you rubbed your own arms, Ben went to pull you into a hug, only for you to arch an eyebrow. "What are you doing?" Instantly removing his hands as Han looked over, Ben quickly apologized. "I-I, I was-I'm sorry I was just trying to warm you..." Rolling his eyes at his own son, Han turned his attention back to the shower. "We should probably change..." You stated, looking away as you grew nervous. "Oh, yeah..." Ben nodded, only to grab your arm before you walked off. "Wait, since you never got to shower you could use mine." "But you didn't shower either? Shouldn't you go first?" You asked as Ben waved a hand. "It's fine, I don't mind waiting, plus...you're cold and it'll warm you up." Ben smiled as you grinned back, quickly grabbing your things and rushing out to Ben's bathroom. "You sicko!" Han shouted as he turned to face his son. "You don't just invite a girl to join you in the shower!" "I-I didn't invite her to join me!" Ben shouted back. "I told her she can use it since she was freezing! God, dad, do you even listen?!" Throwing his hands up, Ben stormed out. "And where are you going?! You can't just go to your room when a girls in it!" Han called out. "For fucks sake she's in the bathroom! I'm not about to go in and do anything to her-" "Well you barged into the bathroom when she was showering just now!" Han retorted as he walked out of Rey's room. "That's because she screamed!" Rubbing his face, Ben sighed. "I can not do this." About to walk down the stairs, Han spoke up again. "You can't just walk about butt naked-" "I have a towel on, dad." Ben spoke through gritted teeth. "I don't care, get back into your room and change or something." Han swatted his hand as Ben groaned, trudging past his father and over to his room, tired of his fathers nonsense. Shutting his bedroom door behind him, Ben mumbled to himself in annoyance about how he couldn't possibly understand his father and his ways of parenting. Completely forgetting you were using his shower as he was too busy ranting to himself, Ben pulled off his towel and tossed it on his bed, pulling on his briefs as he went to his closet for something to wear. Lucky for you, you didn't have much to clean up as you had done most of it before, so the second you were done was the second you stepped out and dried yourself. Quickly changing into your outfit for the day, you opened up the bathroom door to see Ben standing there in nothing but his underwear. For a moment, your breath hitched the slightest as your eyes widened, unable to make a sound at the sight of an almost bare Ben. Gulping as you tried not staring at his ass, you slowly backed up into the bathroom and quietly closed the door before he could notice you were even out. Leaning against the door as you took in deep breaths, eyes shut as you muttered to yourself how that wasn't anything to freak out over, you only felt your heart racing. I can't feel this way, this is bad, so bad! Stop thinking about his butt! Finally pulling out a pair of black jeans and a grey tee, Ben haphazardly tugged them on before getting socks. Sitting on his bed to slide them on, Ben began tying his Vans laces as you peeked out, slowly opening the door only to sigh in relief. "Thank you for the shower!" You smiled as you went to walk out. "Anytime, seeing as you probably will have to use it from now on." Slowly turning to face him as you were aiming to the bedroom door, you swallowed hard. "R-really?" Seeing him nod, your heart sank. Did this mean you were going to see Ben in his underwear a lot more often? Or worse, full blown naked? Feeling yourself wanting to faint, you took in a deep breath before walking out. "We can head out in five minutes!" Ben called out to you as you nodded. How were you going to survive the next eight days? Chapter 12 : TiO Notes: guess what? more pervy ben/reader! "I would like to warn you in advance that I live up to the term 'shop till you drop'. It's very unhealthy and half of the time I have to return things because it's just way too much, so maybe you'll help me out and stop me from buying the whole store." You smiled up at Ben as the two of you had walked up the entrance. The second you step foot into the mall was the second you tugged Ben with you. "Perfect! Forever 21 is right there!" You shrieked, pulling him with you as Ben sighed. Little did he know this was going to go on for the next couple of hours. Following you around like the lost puppy he seemed to be, Ben's eyebrows narrowed at the sight of the pile of clothing in your hold, you trying to reach for a pair of shoes only for Ben to stop you. "Okay, wait a second. First of all, you seriously can't buy all of that-" "Ben, I'm going to try it all on, see what I do and don't like!" You stated matter-of-factly, lifting your chin up as the clothing nearly blocked your view. "As I was saying, you seriously can not try all of that and expect to do the rest of the mall when you've been in here for over an hour already." Ben crossed his arms as you sighed. "Come on, narrow it down a bit." He waved a hand, grabbing the pile from your grip and laying it down on a nearby table. "Alright, I'm gonna lift one up and you have to say 'yes' or 'no'." "But, Ben, that's hard! I want to try them-" "Fine, then I'll decide." Pushing you to aside as you frowned, Ben's back blocked your view as he began separating the clothes, you trying to peak only for him to stick an arm out to prevent you each and every time. "This can stay...this is fine...this definitely has to go, that's an awful color." "Ben!" You whined, only for him to hold you back with one arm, practically pressing you up against his own back. "This is so uncool..." Having the side of your face squashed up against his back, you sighed. "To think I may just have to do this with every store you go to-" "No! No, no! I promise you will not have to do that seeing as this store is the biggest out of them all!" Nodding as if he could see you, Ben only snickered. It was clearly he was only doing this to tease you. "Jeez, you have way too much color going on in this not one single thing is black!" Ben exclaimed. "I am highly offended." Rolling your eyes, you sighed. "I'm pretty sure there's something grey in there." "If there is you bet I'll let you try it on, too much pastels going on, you're too lively." Gasping at his statement, you narrowed our eyes. "Sorry I'm not dead like you, Batman." "I will take that as a compliment seeing as Batman is quite the superhero-" "I'm not calling you a hero you dumb-" "I mean, I can see the similarities in the two of us, we both-" "Shut up, shut up, you are not Batman!" You exclaimed as Ben smirked, knowing very well he was getting you worked up for nothing. "But you legit just called me Batman two seconds ago-" "Hush, you're more of the penguin if anything!" Instantly letting you go as Ben turned around, his jaw hung loose while his eyes were wide from sudden offense. "How dare you! I am not creepy!" Ben pointed a finger as you scoffed, trying not to laugh. "You sure about that? I don't know, you did grab my-" "Hey!" He instantly cut you off, not wanting to hear anymore. "I am not the penguin, anyone but the penguin." "Fine, you can be Loki." You sighed as Ben glared down at you. "Loki isn't even DC!" Throwing his hands up, Ben groaned. "I don't want to be Loki." Shaking your head, you pushed him aside to grab the pile of clothing Ben had left for you. "You're Snape then." You winked up at him as you walked by, Ben's shoulders slumping as he watched you. "I definitely am not Snape. If I'm Snape then...then you're Umbridge!" Ben pointed his finger, causing you to slowly turn around and shoot a look at him. "How dare you-" "You like cats and you like pink! Hah, you are Umbridge." Scoffing, you turned around and walked off, leaving him behind. "Hey, wait! Hey! I was just kidding! Y/n, don't leave me behind!" . . . No thanks to your indecisive soul and the fact that you had loved nearly everything you had tried on, you sighed, unable to decide on wether or not to keep or leave something. Looking in the mirror as you eyed the jeans you were wearing, you instantly came up with an idea, eyes widening as you then bolted out of the dressing room. "Ben!" You called out, seeing him sitting just outside in the waiting area. "Yeah?" He looked up from his phone, only for you to rush over and grab his hand, pulling him with you as he looked at you with a baffled expression. "What's going on?" "You're the tie breaker, I can't decide on anything so I need you to decide for me--by the way, the stuff you picked was absolutely perfect." You smiled over at him, coming to a stop at your dressing area. "Also, I noticed how you snuck in these black skinnies and I'm really loving them. So what do you think?" Standing in front of you as you turned around, showing him the jeans, Ben gulped. Do not stare at her ass. "They, they look great on you!" His voice nearly cracked, eyes staring directly at your behind. I said don't stare you perv! "I'm glad you like them because you need a pair." He quickly averted his eyes as you turned back around, giving him a smile. "And the shirt?" You asked, pointing at the pale pink top you were wearing. Shrugging, Ben crossed his arms. "It's nice, I guess." Rolling your eyes, you pinched his arm before going back to change into something else. "Okay, and this?" Walking out in jean shorts and a crop top, Ben sucked in his breath. "The...the shirt looks nice." He nodded, his breathing suddenly becoming erratic. "What about the shorts?" You slightly frowned. "Well, seeing as-as fall is almost here there really is no need for shorts..." He nodded, feeling as if he had been holding his breath while his heart fluttered. "Oh, right! Okay, no shorts!" Going back in and changing into something else, Ben exhaled. Rubbing his face, his stomach turned. How long am I going to have to go through this? "Y/n, please tell me this is the last one..." Ben whined as you rolled your eyes, changing back into your clothes as you felt the slightest of bad, having Ben see you try on multiple outfits. But, in all honesty, you were enjoying it. Opening up the curtain and carrying the items you were going to buy--which ended up being just the jeans and the crop top--everything else, which was practically a good ten more items, stayed behind. "You're good, thanks for the help." You smiled up at him while walking past, Ben sighing in relief as he followed you behind. It didn't help that his body heat was rising with every outfit you tried on, he was afraid he was going to explode by the time you went to the next store. "So what's next?" He asked as you two waited in line for the register. "Hmm...I think we have H&M, but I may be wrong." You nodded as Ben lightly swallowed, he knew what he was in for, and as much as he was going to enjoy you practically modeling outfits, he was going to end up having a cardiac arrest. "How lovely..." "I will limit myself this time!" You waved a hand as Ben tilted his head the slightest. "What, I swear!" And that, you truly didn't. Ben had to do another round of shortening up your options while holding you back again, you whining the whole time whereas Ben ignored you. "It isn't my fault you lied!" "Did you honestly believe me? Ben!" You groaned. "I can't believe you, we're just gonna have to go window shopping instead-" Gasping, you shook your head. "No, no-no! Please!" "Then limit yourself. As much as I hate being this way, I don't need you spending all your damn money." Picking up the pile Ben separated for you, he grabbed your hand with his free one. "And knowing you, you have dozens of other stores to attend." Opening your mouth to say something, you couldn't even retort his statement, simply closing your mouth and frowning. "Aw, what a nice boyfriend!" Looking up, your eyes widen at the older woman taking care of the dressing room. "H-huh?" "Honey, if he's holding your clothes and your hand, he's a keeper." She winked at you as you blinked, Ben blushing as tried his best not to smile. "Yes, I hope you don't mind I join her, she usually asks for my opinion." Ben smiled as he spoke up, your heart instantly skipping a beat. "I shouldn't, but since you are so sweet, why not." She nodded. "Pick any room!" Waving her hand, Ben swiftly walked off with you as your heart throbbed. "Ben, what the hell?" Looking up at him as he walked into one of the dressing rooms and lied down your clothes, he let go of your hand and smiled. "It isn't funny..." "Yes it is, live a little!" He swiped his finger under your chin as you frowned the slightest. "Do you need my help on making decisions?" He asked as he walked out, turning around and waiting for a response as you slowly nodded. "...Yes." "Good, I'll be out here." He winked, closing the door as you let out a deep breath. How was he so timid one second only to be completely outgoing the next? You weren't sure if you'd ever understand the man Ben Solo has come to be. . . . "Okay, I promise you I have one more stop and then we can go anywhere you'd like." You nodded, walking alongside Ben as he held your bags for you. "And where would that be?" Ben asked just as you came to a stop in front of a store entrance, grinning up at him as he arched an eyebrow. "Now, it's okay if you don't want to come in, but it's all up to you!" You nodded as Ben turned his head over to see nothing but lingerie and the big Victoria Secrets sign. Gulping, his heart plummeted to the pit of his stomach. "It's...it's fine, I'll go with you, I rather not wait outside like a loner anyways." He simply shrugged as you smiled, turning around and walking in. Taking in a deep breath, he shut his eyes for a moment before reopening them. "Is this some sort of torture? What have I done wrong to deserve this?" Mumbling to himself, he only followed you after. Although it was nothing seeing all the lingerie surrounding him--if he had been alone at least--but with you by his side, it felt like nothing but fantasies were playing out in his head and he wanted nothing but to smack himself. "There's so much!" You shrieked. "I need new bras, that's for sure." You pointed a finger, walking off as Ben stood there, staring at different sets of lingerie, swallowing the lump in his throats as he felt himself growing hot. "Uh...you take your-your time..." Reaching up to stretch out the collar of his shirt, he took in deep breaths while you nearly ran around, picking out multiple bras from different sections. "There's a sale on underwear...I could get some, too..." You muttered as Ben had slowly followed you around, keeping quiet as his mind was in another world that he did not want to reveal to you. It didn't help that almost everything he saw he wanted to buy for you. Rushing back and forth from section to section as Ben had found himself completely out of it, unable to even breathe right--let alone--keep from constantly colliding with you every time you came to an abrupt stop, Ben quickly pulled out his phone. Save me . Sending the message to Poe and waiting, he stood there, eagerly tapping his foot as he tried his best to distract himself with anything on his phone. "Ben!" You called out as you had moved to another section. "I need your help!" Instantly shooting his head up, Ben gulped. "Ye-yeah?" "I know I shouldn't go to you for this as you don't know a thing about bras...but since you're all I've got, which one do you think is better." Lifting up the two bras in either index finger as the strap hung from them, Ben sucked in his breath. How the hell was he supposed to choose what bra you should get when any and none looked good on you--or so his perverted mind like to imagine. "Uh..." Eyeing the two in your hold as you simply smiled at him, he swallowed the newfound lump in his throat--eyeing the two bralettes. "I...uh-" "It's okay if you have no-" "No! I think you should buy that one!" He pointed at the black one, causing you to roll your eyes. "Of course you'd choose the black over the burgundy." Placing the burgundy down, Ben took in a deep breath as he watched you walk on. "So...is-is that it?" He nervously rubbed the back of his neck as you looked over your shoulder and smirked. "Ben, we've only been here for half an hour..." Letting out a small chuckle, Ben awkwardly laughed back. "But, seeing as this store is very expensive, I think I should stop looking." Looking back ahead as you continued walking, Ben sighed. He wasn't sure how he wasn't flat on the ground when his knees were exceedingly weak at this point. "Are you going to try those on?" A woman asked as you were heading to the register. Looking down at the bras in your hold, you were about to shake your head until Ben spoke up. "Yeah, she should so she can decide on which to keep and which to leave." He smiled over at you as you frowned--you didn't think he'd take the whole 'be careful I'm a shopaholic' thing seriously. "That's fine, you can come try them on and your boyfriend can wait right outside the room." Snapping your head over at the lady as Ben's heart skipped a beat, the two of you spoke in unison. "He's not-" "I'm not-" "Oh, right...the denial stage..." The lady lifted her hands up in defense. "Sorry." Turning around to guide you, you quickly followed as Ben stood there and rubbed his face, feeling how hot it had become. Quickly getting into the dressing room and hanging up the bras, you let out a sigh; not only one, but two people had assumed you two were a thing all because you guys were shopping together. "Jeez, can't best friends who are the opposite sex not be considered a couple..." You mumbled to yourself, undressing so you could try the bras on. "You know, I knew a boy like you once." The lady told Ben as he waited just outside. "He was too much of a wuss to admit he liked the girl, even though it was so obvious. Funny thing is, the girl liked him, too, and they were nothing but idiots in love." Arching an eyebrow at the lady, she laughed. "A little word of advise, get her before someone else does." With a wink, the lady was off, leaving Ben there with slump shoulders and a frown on his lips. "Someone already has..." Looking at the mirror as the bralette you had been wearing was too small, practically causing your boobs to pop out more than they should, you sighed. "Dammit this is the second time this month my bra size changed." You mumbled to yourself, turning around and walking out. "Hey, I think I need to check the size of my-" Cutting yourself off as the person waiting outside was not a worker--rather, Ben--your heart skipped a beat. Staring at one another with wide eyes, Ben's eyes slowly trailed down only to widen even more. "Holy fuck..." Ben spoke under his breath as you nearly squealed, quickly rushing back inside and calling to him. "C-can you please get the lady!" Leaning your back against the door, you took in a deep breath. "U-uh...yeah!" Mentally smacking himself, Ben quickly ran out. You dumb fuck you don't just stare at her boobs! "Hey, my girl-...my friend needs your help." He spoke behind the woman as she turned around, smirking. "You okay? You look a little red...did you-" "C-can you help her, please and thank you!" Ben's voice nearly cracked as the woman's eyebrows raised, nodding and then walking off. "What can I help you with?" The lady spoke up as you slowly opened the door, peaking out and seeing Ben wasn't in sight. "Don't worry, he's outside." She swatted her hand with a smirk. "Yeah, I really don't know my bra size, it keeps changing and I thought this was my size but apparently not..." Looking down, the lady nodded. "Definitely not, no wonder he-" Cutting herself off as she cleared her throat, she pulled the measuring tape away from dangling off her shoulders. "Let me just measure you." Standing there with your hands pressed against the back of your head, you shut your eyes--how much worse could things possibly get between the two of you in one day? "Alright, that should be your size." Handing you a small card, you smiled and thanked her. "By the way, the boys a keeper if he's doing all this with you without complaining." Patting your shoulder and walking off, your head fell as you sighed. These weren't things you needed to hear. "Ben?" You called out, seeing him peak his head in. "Do you mind if you get me this bralette but in a different size?" Walking in, he nodded. "Uh, yeah, sure." "Find one with this on the tag," Pointing at the number and letter on the tab, Ben blinked. "Y-yeah, okay, no problem." Quickly sprinting out, you bit your bottom lip. It's no big deal, he knows my bra size now...right? Rushing to where he remembered the bra to be, he haphazardly looked around, mumbling the bra size as he gained weird looks. Pulling open and shutting closed drawers, he instantly found the one and smiled. "Aha!" "Sir, what are-" "This is for my girlfriend, she got the wrong size!" Darting away, Ben only slowed his pace as he realized he had called you his girlfriend. You dumbass . "Hey, I got it." About to just hand it over the door, you only opened it to grab it. "Thanks!" You smiled, quickly shutting the door. Swiftly changing and trying it on, you sighed in relief. "Did I get the right size?" Nearly jumping as you had thought Ben left, you let out a small breath. "Y-yeah! Thanks, again!" Changing out of it and trying the other few in complete silence, you couldn't help but think about how Ben looked at you the second you had stepped out; but what made it worse was the fact that you weren't even mad at what happened, nor embarrassed, just...shy? It wasn't like you were shy when in a swimsuit around people you knew or didn't know, so why were you shy in front of Ben? Hell, Hux has seen you in your bra once before when changing and you didn't even care. So what made Ben so different from everyone else? "Hey, do you mind if we stop at a few of my stores?" Ben asked, breaking the silence. Changing back into your clothes, you grabbed your things and opened the door. "Yeah, sure." Nodding with a smile as you walked past him, Ben took in a deep breath as he followed you. Wasn't like he needed to go shopping, seeing as his wardrobe consisted of the same things, but it didn't hurt trying a few things on. Getting to the register and quickly paying for your things, you decided to hold the bag on your own unlike all the others Ben voluntarily held onto. "Where to?" You asked, walking out of the store. "And don't tell me Hot Topic!" You teased as Ben rolled his eyes with a small grin. "Nah, I was thinking Urban Outfitters." He shrugged as you suddenly stopped in your tracks, eyebrows knitting as he you wore a look of bewilderment--Ben shopping at Urban Outfitters? For what reason exactly did he need to shop there? "I think I need a new pair of jeans." Walking ahead of you as he smirked to himself, you bit your bottom lip. "And I'm gonna need your help on deciding when I try them on." Feeling your shoulders slump as you wanted to whine about how you knew this was just him getting back at you for all the clothes you tried on, a part of you couldn't help but want to see him try on jeans; even if it was completely wrong to think his ass looked great in the jeans he had been wearing at the moment. . . . "Why would you even buy jeans from here? They're like sixty bucks, Ben!" You exclaimed, looking through the piles haphazardly as Ben had actually been looking. "Psht, don't lie, you buy shit from here." Shaking his head as your mouth fell into a thin line as you knew he was right, Ben chuckled. "Knew it." "Oh, shut up, it's not my number one go to place. Way too overpriced and I could legit get the same things elsewhere for cheaper." Walking past him as you went to another table to look at their shorts, you gasped. "Forty for this?!" Sighing, Ben tossed the jeans he wanted to try on over his arm before walking to you, grabbing your upper arm and dragging you with him. "Can you not be so loud, they all get it, the place is over priced-" "Coming from a guy buying from it!" Instantly covering your mouth with his hand, you swatted it away. "Because it's good quality and it fits just right." Stopping at the dressing rooms, you whined the slightest, hating how Ben was going to spend so much money on jeans--something he owned enough of. "And you're one to talk about saving money." Watching him walk into one of the rooms, you gasped. "I hate you..." You muttered under your breath, eyes narrowed as you walked over to where he had been changing. "I heard that!" He peaked his head out, only to pull you into the dressing room with him. "W-what are you doing?" You frantically asked as he sat you down. "Uh, trying the pants on?" He arched an eyebrow, going to unbutton his pants as your heart raced. "I know that you moron, I mean, with me in here!" Trying not to stare, you gulped and forced yourself to look up at him rather his hands. "Because it'll be easier for you to help me choose? I don't feel like coming in an out to show you. It's not like I'm going naked, relax." He huffed as you leaned back and felt your shoulders fall. "I had to do it and I didn't complain." You mumbled. "It just me in my underwear, no big deal." Removing his shoes as he slid off his jeans, you sucked in your breath. Why are his fucking legs nice? Rolling your eyes at your own thoughts, you sunk into the small seat--you knew this was some outside force messing with you as a sort of payback for who knows what. "Alright, how do these look?" Looking up at Ben, your eyes trailed down to the dark blue pair he had been wearing. "You in dark blue? Thought you only wore black?" You questioned as he sighed. "You're right." Quickly removing them, you sighed. Sliding on another pair, you crossed your arms. "Grey?" "Look, I was trying to do different dark colors, okay?!" Haphazardly removing the jeans, he went for the last pair. Watching him slide them on as you took in a deep breath, your eyes widened. "Okay, how about these ?" Blinking, your eyes were glued on to his ass, amazed how the jeans were hugging his lower half so tightly. "Uh...y-you know...black is your color." You nodded, Ben turning to face you as your eyes widened even more. "Who would've thought." He sarcastically responded as your heart thudded, eyes quickly averting his crotch. "I have the shirt that I wanted to try on as well, thought I'd at least buy something white." "Huh?" Looking up just as Ben began removing the shirt he had on, your eyes felt as if they were going to pop out with the sight of his torso, the way his v line was so prominent along with almost everything else. "Fuck..." You muttered under your breath, enough for only you to hear. Watching the way his muscles shifted as he pulled on the new shirt, you felt your body heat rising as you quickly fanned yourself before he noticed. "How's the shirt?" Ben asked. "Fine!" You nearly shrieked, shifting in your spot as Ben smiled over at you. "Just...fine..." Chapter 13 : Screen Notes: there's no pervy ben buuuut ben is really adorable "Thanks for joining me today." Taking a sip of your drink from the straw, you gave Ben a smile. "I mean, I don't mind going alone but since I went a little wild on shopping I at least had you to hold my bags." Shrugging, Ben's eyebrows raised as he let out a small gasp. "So you used me to be your mule?" He questioned as you simply nodded. "Mhm, and you were--by far--the best mule ever." Teasing him, Ben only huffed, roughly grabbing onto his cup and practically chugging it, acting as if your words had offended him. "Is the mule upset?" Faking a pout, Ben only rolled his eyes. "It's okay, the mule treated himself by buying a new shirt and jeans." Fighting a laugh as you simply smiled, looking down at the menu as the two of you now sat across from one another at one of the restaurants at the mall. Placing down his cup as he glared at you, he held back a grin as he played along. "The mule at least needs to change his slave clothes here and there." Instantly looking up at him as your mouth fell open, you chuckled. "A slave?! Wow, I don't treat you that bad!" "I don't know...you never gave me some water when I needed it nor did you let me take a break from holding your things-" Standing up and reaching over the table, you smacked his arm as you bit your bottom lip. "Oh, shut up!" Laughing, Ben rubbed his arm as you sat back down. "How abusive! And you say I'm not a slave!" "You really suck as a mule." Crossing your arms, you only heard Ben's laugh lightly carry on, causing you to smile. "At least you're my favorite mule..." You muttered. "I am your only mule!" Ben exclaimed as you quickly looked up. "No way! Rey is sometimes, sometimes it's my parents...sometimes it's my cousin or brothers...maybe Hux, but he never likes going shopping so..." You retorted as Ben narrowed his eyes. "Fine, I'm the only mule that actually does the job right." Shaking your head, you let out a small chuckle. "You're such a moron." Lifting up a finger as he had been flipping through the menu, Ben corrected you. "Correction, mule ." Pressing your palm against your forehead, you muttered, "Oh my gosh..." Holding a brand new suit that was kept in its cover over his shoulder, Hux walked along the malls hallway only to take a sudden double take as he recognized the two figures sitting at one of the windows in the nearby restaurant. "What on Earth...?" Narrowing his eyes as he studied the two of you, he watched as you threw your head back in laughter. "Unbelievable." Quickly walking over to the restaurants enteance and practically storming to the table your two were sitting at, Hux wore a forced grin and nearly stared you to death. "H-Hux!" You exclaimed, eyes wide as Bens shoulders instantly slumped, looking over and seeing the ginger. "Great..." Ben muttered. "I didn't know you were coming to the mall, you should have told me and I would have taken you!" He smiled as you nervously sat there and blinked, Ben instantly coming to your rescue. "Actually, I asked her to come with me. I needed help buying a gift for my mom and she kindly accompanied me to help." Ben spoke up, causing you to gulp as your eyes shifted to him, then back at Hux as he had looked over at Ben, taking in a deep breath as he clenched his jaw. "Oh...how lovely." He spoke through his teeth, you feeling your heart race as you suddenly felt out of place. "Mind if I join the two of you?" Hux asked, directing his words at you rather than you and Ben. "Uh-I...I-" Groaning in annoyance, Ben rubbed his face, "N-" "Are you guys ready to order?" Looking up from his hands, Ben groaned even more as he realized Hux sat down. "Yes, we are." Hux spoke up as your eyebrows narrowed. "But you just-" "I've been here plenty of times, I'll have-" Tuning Hux out as you felt uncomfortable, you stuck your hands in between your thighs as you let out a sigh, looking over at Ben and seeing how aggravated he seemed. Feeling the heat in his body reach his face as his body temperature increased, the entire time the three of you were eating dinner, Hux kept his attention on you and only you as Ben sat there in a pile of his own rage. This was supposed to be between you and Ben and only you two, not plus one. Seeing how out of it you were, Ben pulled his phone from his pocket and spoke up, catching yours--and Hux's--attention. "Huh? Already? Oh...alright, well, we're at dinner...yeah, we'll go now." Acting as if he hung up with someone, Ben stood up and grabbed the bags, Hux looking at them and furrowing his eyebrows--did Ben really buy all of that for his mom? "W-what is it?" You suddenly sat up from being hunched. "We gotta get going, the surprise party is about to start and we're the only ones missing!" Ben nodded, hoping you'd get the memo. "Oh...already?! Okay!" Standing up, Hux narrowed his eyebrows as you walked over him, trying to get out of the seat. "I'll see you later!" You quickly kissed Hux's cheek. "Hux, do you mind paying?" Ben asked Hux as Hux sat there and blinked. "Thanks!" Rushing off with you by his side, Hux glared at Ben. "I feel bad for lying..." You sighed as the two of you walked back to the parking garage. "I mean-" "He ruined best friend day." Ben bitterly spoke as you looked up at him, seeing him walk with tense shoulders. "Best friend day?" You narrowed your brows the slightest, only to smile. "Yeah, it was just you and I and we were having a good time and that assw-" Looking over at you as you arched an eyebrow, Ben sighed. "Sorry...he just ruined it." "No he didn't, we can still 'celebrate your moms birthday' and have fun!" You said with air quotes as Ben smiled. "What would we do, though?" He asked as you looked down at all the bags in his hold. "We can go back to your place and leave the bags and then see a movie if you'd like-" "Yeah!" Ben exclaimed with an eager nod as you chuckled. "Sounds good to me!" . . . "Are you sure you want to see this movie? You don't seem into mystery slash drama films..." Taking a seat in one of the far back, center spots, you and Ben sat down just under the projector. "I've practically seen every other good movie that came out already with Rey and Poe." Ben shrugged. "So you decided to spend money on a movie you don't even really care about?" You looked at him with a raised eyebrow as he nodded. "Basically...I mean, don't you want to see it?" He asked as you rolled your eyes. "Yeah, but I don't want you to be bored the whole time..." "It's fine, I always find myself randomly getting into these kind of movies, they usually have a twist at the end and fuck me up." Laughing, you shook your head, thankful that the theater was practically empty. "As long as you don't fall asleep, then we're good." As much as you didn't want Ben to fall asleep on you during the movie, the total opposite ended up happening. The lack of sleep you had received was slowly creeping up on you so the fact that you were surrounded by darkness in quite the comfortable seats, you found yourself slowly sinking into them as your body naturally gravitated towards Ben's. That is until you completely knocked out, head resting upon Ben's shoulder as you were dead asleep, the sounds from the film not being a bother. "Wow." Shaking his head as he looked down at you, Ben chuckled. You were the one telling him not to fall asleep, yet, here you were, deep into your slumber. Smiling to himself, he lifted up the arm rest so you could feel comfortable resting upon him, on his chest rather than shoulder, using his jacket to cover you as he could see you slightly shivering from the lack of cover up. If this were a date and if you were his girlfriend, he would've had you on his lap by now. But that wasn't the case, and you weren't anything but his best friend so he respected the boundaries. He'd be lying if he said he wasn't internally screaming, enjoying the fact that he could feel your body against his own, even if this was the most innocent thing that could happen between the two of you. Watching the entirety of the movie as, here and there, Ben would look over to you; he pushed some of your hair away from your face and behind your ear and moving his attention back to the screen as he realized the film had ended. Lightly groaning as you found yourself waking up, you looked up at the screen to see the credits rolling. "Why didn't you wake me up?" Nearly being startled by the sound of your voice, Ben looked down at you. "Oh, didn't want to bother you, you seemed exhausted." Smiling, you hadn't realized you were knocked out against his chest until you sat up. "Sorry, I used you as my pillow." You softly chuckled as Ben waved a hand. "It's fine, but we should head back to my place, it's five till eleven and I'm sure everyone's worried about us..." Stretching your arms, you blushed, realizing Ben's jacket was on you. "Probably..." . . . "Where the hell are they?!" Rey exclaimed, calling you and Ben a good ten times. "Ugh!" Scrolling for Hux's number, Rey heard it ring, only to cut off Hux as he was about to say hello. "Where's y/n?!" "What do you mean? Isn't she with you at your moms party?" Widening her eyes, Rey bit her tongue as she mentally cursed. "Ah, crap, I forgot that she had to leave and get the cake...sorry, there's so many people and I've been busy hosting and yeah...bye!" Hanging up, Rey let out a deep breath. "Birthday party? What the hell are those two up to? It isn't like Ben needs all this time with her when she's with us for a week!" Tossing her phone onto her bed, Rey gave up, only to hear the front door close. "Thanks for everything, and I'm sorry I fell asleep on you!" Walking towards the staircase as Ben followed, he smiled. "It was a great best friends day." "And where have you two been?!" Rey crossed her arms, standing on one of the middle steps of the staircase. "At the mall..." You responded. "And bad dinner..." Ben added. "And saw a movie..." You two said in unison. "We were here a few hours ago to drop off our stuff, didn't you see us?" You asked as you walked past her. "Yeah, we even called out to see if you wanted to join us but no answer." Ben snickered as he had done the same, Rey watching the two of you make your way to the second floor with her mouth hanging loose. "I was in the shower! You two clearly suck." Trudging up the steps, you and Ben only sniggered, looking at each other. "Oh well, maybe next time!" You nodded. "Yeah, maybe then you can join us!" Opening his bedroom door and walking in, you went to Rey's room, the two of you disappearing from her sight. "I hate you both...and what's this about mom having a birthday party?!" Rey shouted as you and Ben grew wide eyed. "Hello! Why is Hux telling me this?!" "It's because we ran into Hux at the mall and he saw us shopping and I wasn't about to say Ben was my last minute mule..." You peaked your head out from the door frame as Rey's eyes narrowed. "Mhm...I bet." Walking over to her room, she eyed you before hopping on her bed. "Though I'm sure Ben is a better mule than I am." Nodding your head as you went to change into your pajamas, Rey laughed. "He really is, I think we should take him the next time we go so he can hold both of our bags." "I think so, too." Going under the covers as Rey was beyond exhausted, being worn out from worrying about the two of you. "I'm gonna knock out, night." "Yeah, same..." Removing your jewelry and going into the bathroom to remove your makeup, you couldn't help but grin about how well your day went--even if Hux had to crash the dinner--it still went better than expected; you just hoped it'd happen more often than not now that Ben was back. "Night." Moving to the air mattress, you lied there, on your side and under the sheets as your mind was in another world. These feelings you had for Ben were flourishing inside of you like flowers blossoming, and as much as you wanted to mow them down, their roots were already planted in too deep. You were just afraid how tall they would grow. Laying on his back as his arms crossed behind his head, staring at the ceiling as time passed, Ben couldn't find it in himself to sleep when his heart was all over the place. His cheeks were hurting from smiling along with his chest aching with how fast his heart had pounded against it. The way you made him feel was so euphoric, even if it was simply by your presence, you made his day worth while. He could only imagine how it'd be once you were actually his. Would his heart being aching twice as bad? Or would he be too in love to not feel a thing? Would he be numb or would he feel it like a freight train crashing into him? He wasn't sure and all he could do was dream, because even if you were taken, he was going to stop at nothing to be your one and only. Even if that meant he'd have to wait forever. Shivering under your sheets as you tossed and turned, unable to find a comfortable--and warming--position, you sat up and looked at Rey to see her fast asleep. Pouting, you sighed. "Darn it..." Standing up, you rubbed your bare arms as your legs trembled. You regretted wearing the nightwear you chose. The only good thing about it was that it was smooth and the silk didn't make you sweat if you were hot. Quietly walking out of Rey's room and shutting the door, you made your way over to Ben's, hoping he was still awake. Too caught up daydreaming to even hear the door open and close, the sudden sound of you whispering caused him to narrow his eyebrows--was he hearing things? "Psst...Ben!" You whispered. "Are you awake?" Looking over, Ben quickly sat up, unsure if he was hallucinating or not. "You are...did I wake you?" "Wh-...no, no, I've been awake." He nodded. "Are you tired?" You asked, still rubbing your arms. "Not really, you?" Eyeing your shivering frame, Ben's brows furrowed once again. "Mhm...I'm just really cold and uncomfortable. I didn't want to wake up Rey because she looked completely out so I thought-" "You can lie next to me, if you want?" He suddenly offered, catching you off guard. "My beds bigger than Rey's and it's far more better than an air mattress." He chuckled as you lightly smiled. "A-are you sure?" Seeing him nod, you quickly walked over and got under the sheets, feeling the sudden warmth as you practically buried yourself in his bed. "I'm sorry to bother you..." "No, it's fine. You're a guest and it wouldn't be right to have the guest sleep like shit." Ben nodded as the two of you lied beside one another, facing each other as your body still trembled. "Thank you." Holding onto the covers as you shook, Ben instantly reached over and pulled you close to him, wrapping his arms around you to keep you warm as your body was now pressed up against his. If it wasn't for the fact that he was a humanized heater, warming you up by being against him, you would've been freaking out over the fact that you were in his bed, lying against his bare chest knowing very well he was just in his boxers. As much as you wanted to question as to how he wasn't cold, you kept your mouth shut, it was enough that your heart was racing from lying your cheek against his undressed chest. Then there was Ben, breathing growing heavy as he held you against him like a teddy bear. Fear coursed through his veins as he were afraid he was about to hyperventilate--it wasn't everyday he held the girl of his dreams against his chest the way he had been at the moment. It also didn't help that his heartbeat was erratic, and as much as it was bothering him, to you...it was a sweet lullaby that put you to sleep. Taking in a deep breath, Ben let out a small huff as his grip around you tightened the slightest. How was he so lucky? How was he blessed enough to have a moment like this one? He knew it wasn't going to last long, eventually you would have to run back to Rey's room before she knew you were gone. But, for now, he was going to take it all in and appreciate the company--because, to him, this was all he could ever ask for. "Ben, honey, I-" Cutting herself off as she opened the door, Leia's eyes widened the slightest at the sight. "Oh my..." She muttered, seeing you in Ben's hold as the two of you were fast asleep. It was so unlike Ben to be in bed before three in the morning, let alone, midnight, so seeing her own son fast asleep with a calm expression on his face as if he hadn't suffered from insomnia made Leia want to burst out into tears. Of course she knew how much you had meant to Ben and reverse, but to see you had the ability to take something away like Ben's sleeping issues only made her heart ache--if only Ben had made a move long ago, maybe then his (and Leia's) dreams would be fulfilled. Walking a little bit closer, Leia's heart skipped a beat, nearly gasping at how one of Ben's hands were tangled in your hair as if he had been putting you to sleep. Frowning as she fought the urge to cry, she took in a deep breath, seeing how you were bundled up and pressed against her sons chest as if you two were used to such thing. "My heart..." Quickly walking out before the water works came, Leia quietly shut the door and rushed to her bedroom. "Han! Our son is lying in his bed with our daughters best friend in his arms against his bare chest!" She exclaimed in excitement. "Honey, why would you walk in on the two-" "Han, she's dating Hux..." "Oh, right." He nodded, only to gasp. "What the hell is Ben doing with a girl who is taken?! I will go over there and personally teach him-" Holding Han back, Leia swatted his chest. "Hey! That is no way to treat our son." "Sorry..." Han muttered. "Let them be, they're just sleeping, she was probably freezing in Rey's room by the looks of it. Doesn't help that Rey sleeps with a fan so that room must feel like it's the arctic." Leia waved a hand. "I'm sure in the morning she'll be gone." Or so she thought. The next morning, the second Leia got up was the second she went to check on the two of you. As much as the sight of you two cuddling was heartwarming, she didn't want her daughter noticing her best friend ditched her to sleep with her brother. Quietly creeping over and opening the door, Leia instantly gasped as she covered her mouth. Not only were you still in Ben's bed, but you were completely intertwined with him. Ben's head was resting against your chest as his arms were wrapped around your waist, yours loosely wrapped over his shoulders as your legs were completely intertwined, sheets nearly falling off the bed as if each others body heat was enough. Not to mention, in a corner lied Kylo and Jupiter all cuddled up in Kylo's little bed, Leia unsure how to take this as Kylo never slept in his bed and Jupiter clearly did not like the black cat. Was this just a joke or was this some sort of sign? Whatever it may be, Leia hoped it was in either of your favors--as long as you were back on the air mattress before Rey woke up. Lightly moaning as you felt yourself slowly waking up, stretching your arms, Ben's eyes fluttered only to shoot open as the first thing in his line of vision was your breast. Feeling his cheeks heat up as his body grew tense, he hadn't realized he had been wrapped around you until he felt your legs shifting. She's still here? Slightly panicking as he wasn't sure what to do, he carefully removed himself from you and let out a small breath, gently rocking you awake. "Hey...hey...I hate to wake you up but Rey gets up early..." "Mmm...huh?" Rubbing your eyes, you yawned into your hand only to see Ben lying there. "Wh-" Looking down at his bare chest, your heart skipped a beat as you had nearly forgotten he was in just boxers and nothing else. "Oh!" Quickly sitting up, you saw how the covers were nearly falling off the bed. "How-" "I don't know but you should go to Rey's room before she wakes up..." He spoke in a groggy voice, sending chills down your spine at how insanely deep it was. "Y-yeah...uh-thank you? Yeah, I slept great." You nodded, nearly stumbling as you stood up. "I should really sleep here instead, so much better than the floor." Walking to the door as Ben sat there and watched you with a tight jaw as he didn't want to make any sounds, you nervously chuckled. "Thanks, again, for helping me sleep!" Waving, you shut the door behind you as Ben fell back on his bed, sighing. Why couldn't you just be sleeping in his room instead of having to sleep on a lame air mattress? And why couldn't you be his girlfriend? Because she's taken, you idiot. That's right. Rushing back into Rey's room and getting under the sheets, you checked your phone to see it was half past eight in the morning, knowing very well Rey gets up at nine. At least she didn't see you sneaking in, if she had, your half-asleep self would've had to make up a lie. But you were lucky enough and she was till fast asleep while you lied there, thinking about how great it felt to sleep in Ben's bed and how you barely moved a muscle the entire night. Was his bed that good or was it him? You couldn't remember much because the second you were lying against Ben's chest, and the second the tips of his fingers rubbed against your head, you instantly knocked out. Furrowing your eyebrows, you thought about how Hux had never put you to sleep--rather--he always fell asleep before you had. But Ben, on the other hand, put you first and helped you knock out when you were struggling. It really didn't make it any better for you when you were finding more pros about Ben and way more cons for Hux--your own boyfriend. I guess these flowers will never stop growing inside me. Notes: Thanks for reading! Kudos/comments would be lovely :D