Patrol Nervous energy coursed through your veins. Today was the first day of your new promotion- the red pauldron on the shoulder of your armor, matched with your erratic heartbeat, could attest to that. Your reflection in the mirror on the back of the closet alluded to that of a startled deer: eyes wide, face pale. Your chest heaved under the black skinsuit that encompassed your body. The closet typically held your armor on a mannequin-esque form- however, currently, ten individual pieces of the sixteen piece armor set were scattered across the floor. The other six pieces were fitted snugly against your legs. The armor made your joints move in strange ways, but no one movement was too restricted. Performance anxiety lapped at your belly, curling up like a cat: content to sit there all day. A quick shake of your head in a failed attempt to soothe your nerves, and your fingers moved back to evenly fold your hair into a braid that was held together by a small band. The skin suit sat against your shoulders, hugging you everywhere the black fabric reached. You could already feel your body begin to overheat. With a sigh, you stepped into the plastoid plates that sat on your hips, and brought the torso plate up, listening for a small click that indicated that you had correctly brought the plates together. Getting dressed took an agonizing amount of time. Eventually, the only stray plastoid piece was your helmet; it sat behind your foot on the tile. Apprehension swirled around your mind, blurring your vision with worry. In a step back, your knees hit the edge of your bed, and you plopped to the thin mattress that could barely be described as a bed. You wracked through your memories, trying to find the procedures for motion sickness they’d taught you in training, though motion sickness was far from a panic attack. Head cupped in your hands, elbows on your knees, you sucked in a rugged breath. When you pulse had steadied, you risked a glance up towards the chronometer on the bedside table. “Oh, crap!” your voice echoed off the walls of your room. The clock informed you that it was 06:43. Your call time was 07:00. There went your time for your daily affirmations. Granted, those consisted mostly of, don’t screw up this time, and, you can do this, stop being a pansy. Rolling your neck one last time, you slipped the helmet on over your head, and listened for the click. You spared one last glance at yourself in the mirror, blanching at your full shiny white glory. Star, it was difficult to see out of this thing. One more deep breath, and you swept out of your room. - Contrary to your fears, and due toward your worry, you barely managed to squeeze through the door as the chronometer on the wall read 06:57. Your captain began their speech, addressing the platoon. You probably should have been paying more attention. You couldn’t find it in yourself to blame yourself; you were more worried about doing something dumb like tripping. Or falling. Or passing out. Or setting off your blaster accidentally. Or- Okay. That was enough of that. Psyching yourself out wall all too easy. A highly ranked soldier in the First Order had to become an elite. Your position left no room for weakness due to armor weight or body heat. For the first time since you’d arrived, you were thankful Starkiller was so cold. Yeah, you’d undergone all the training regimens and clawed up the ranks below to get here, there was no doubt you were a trained, highly skilled solider. And yet, there was something about the giant, bustling halls of the base made you feel so… small. Unimportant. Here, among your platoon, you were needed. You had a job to do. A service to provide. A mission to complete. But alone in those halls... “In service to the Galactic Empire.” The voice of your caption shook you out of your thoughts. The call and response of dismissal hadn’t been altered since so long ago. It was the same Oath of Obedience that stormtroopers years and years ago had uttered- you’d even sworn to the oath on the day of your inauguration. That day, you’d found your purpose- that had been the best day of your life. Not quite- you corrected yourself. Second best day. The real best day was the day that your captain had informed you of your promotion. You felt affirmed, like you knew that you were going in the right direction. “In service to the Galactic Empire.” you droned along with the rest of your platoon, odd frequencies filling the air. Letters, numbers, and assignments were read from a holopad your captain held in their gloved hands. Body rigid as a board, you waited in painful anticipation for your allocation. “KN-2137,” one your fellow officers stepped forward to receive their assignment. “Command center.” The officer nodded, turned on his heel, and marched out to the hatch that led to the hallway. The command center. Thinking about it made your heart stall- the majority of your superiors were probably in there right now. Including, you gulped, Kylo Ren. The man in black himself. Your only information of him was born from what they had taught you in your academy training. That, and hushed rumors from others. Those were more interesting. They spoke of gorey details, immeasurable body counts, dangerous aggression, and unimaginable abilities. Spend three months on a First Order base, and anyone would learn that Kylo Ren was well equipped with the Force. He used, or, as some argued, abused, the Force in interrogations and torture. Most people could recount the basics of his skills. Mind reading, thought manipulating, telekinesis. But if you listened to the right person, asked the right questions, you could get second hand accounts of his finer abilities. Like crushing a single person with a twitch of his fingers. Your thoughts lingered on Kylo Ren for longer than you’d willingly admit. So, when your captain spoke, his words were muffled and shoved to the back of your mind. Thoughts of how many battled he’d fought, how many he’d won swirled around in the forefront of your focus. “KN-2140.” The voice clipped, slicing through your thoughts as you caught a sharp elbow from your platoon mate. You stumbled forward, cursing yourself for getting so distracted. Shit- yeah, that was your cue. “You would do well to not make me repeat myself again.” your captain scolded. Under your helmet, your cheeks blazed. “Yes, captain.” Your voice sounded weak, morphed by the modulator in your helmet. You cursed yourself once more, clearing your throat quickly. Your captain regarded you for a moment more, before they glanced down at the holopad in their hand. “Patrol.” Damn it. Patrol was the worst. You barely managed to suppress a groan- not professional. With a sharp nod, and a swift turn on your heel, you faced the door. Much to your chagrin, during your turn, the toe of your synth-leather boot caught on the heel of your other foot. In a humiliating jerk of your body, you fumbled for balance. So much for professionalism. Hopefully no one had noticed. Who were you kidding- of course they had. Stormtrooper were trained in finding signs of weakness. And you’d just exhibited a bad one. The sneer from under your captain’s helmet was palpable. You steadied yourself, at attention, before striding off into the hallways. Two hallways. Two morbidly drab hallways, covered with cold black and gray durasteel that made you feel so… meaningless. Those two hallways flew past your eyes as you struggled to find a partially abandoned corner to collapse into. Blessedly, the third drab hallway-covered-with-cold-black-and-gray-durasteel was free of other personnel, and you sunk against the wall. Off to a great start. Right. Sending up a quick prayer to the Stars in hopes that your captain would chalk it up to a bad day, you straightened against a wall. This couldn’t last long- you’d never make it here if you kept this behavior up. With a solemn pledge to yourself- you were going to be much more composed tomorrow- you heaved yourself off the wall and turned back the way you came. Footfall matching heartbeat, you focused on slowing the two down until they met in synch. You stood at the end of one hall, before turning ninety degrees sharply, and continued down a new one. New. You rolled your eyes. All these hallways looked the same. Grey, silver, black. All one color scheme. Extraordinarily bland to your eyes. You wondered vaguely how long you’d be on patrol, looking at these hallways, boring yourself out of your mind, before they let you begin escorting again. The sound of screeching metal leaked it’s way through the plastoid of your helmet. It sounded like someone was dragging plasma through unyielding metal. Your hand twitched towards your blaster that was clipped to your belt. Skidding to a stop, you pondered just continuing walking down the corridor- maybe you could still get to the cafeteria on time. But that wouldn’t suit the conduct of a proper First Order soldier. Just as you picked your foot off the floor to take the first step into the door frame, a mass of black, billowing robes stormed out. You recognized him in an instant, even though you’d never actually seen him before. Kylo Ren. He almost plowed into you, and you had to leap forwards to avoid the collision. His shoulders heaved as he looked down upon you, the voice modulator cracking in a strange rhythm while he dragged in breath after ragged breath. His whole body screamed with the tension that held his muscles together. It unnerved you how deadly, poised to attack, he looked. You had never seen the commander before, never the less seen him all shaken up like this. Something snarky about first impressions hummed in your mind, but the thought, along with all others, were eradicated as soon as his helmet angled down- he towered over you- to your level. You had certainly deemed it impossible before, but the way he looked at you almost made you believe that he was able to look past the tinted visor that covered your eyes. In an instant of surging curiosity, you peered back into his mask. There was a man behind there (at least, you’d presumed he was man), flesh and bone. He was real- he wasn’t just a rumor of the First Order. It was like seeing a childhood story come to life; you knew all about him, but you must’ve meant nothing to him. His helmet betrayed no insight to his scrutinization of you; you knew full well you should have turned on your heel and began reporting the incident to the clean-up crew, but here you still were. Locked in this silent, impenetrable moment. Finally, Ren’s shoulders relaxed, and he slid out of his almost animalistic stance. For only a moment longer, his helmet stayed locked on yours. You could feel the sweat playing around the nape of your neck curling the hair there into damp tendrils. The black helmet jerked quickly, now angled above your head, as if someone had called his name. You wouldn’t doubt if they did- voices carried down these halls, and you were rather preoccupied. Without another second to process what was happening, Ren strode past you- leaving your head in a torrent of half formed questions that never really seemed to hint at any crucial point. A huff of relief slipped from your lips, sounding strange in your ears when your own helmet altered the sound. The Kylo Ren had stared at you for a solid minute. He must have been intrigued by something- that was certainly much longer than you’d imagined he’d look at any other bland stormtrooper. Thank goodness the plastoid that surrounded your legs held its own structure. You’d been so intimidated that your knees had gone weak. You almost went to facepalm yourself- you’d been used to people being able to read your face to sense your emotions, but now when you kept your helmet on all the time, your communication skills needed work. Ren must’ve thought you were being defiant, staring back at him like that. He was sure to find out who you were, and give you some kind of malicious consequence. After all, you’d heard the stories. You’d fired a blaster or two in your time, but that was nothing compared to the stories you’d heard about your commander. As far as you knew, you’d never point-blank killed anyone. A warning shot may have landed a little too close for the rebel’s comfort, but you never saw anyone die by your hand. As an escort, you hadn’t found much need to stop and resort to violence; better let someone else cover you as you ran with your client. The image of the commander's helmet bored itself into the back of your eyelids, refusing to let you alone as you continued your patrol for the day. Nothing eventful, just perusing the halls, watching engineers and other stormtroopers come and go. The docking bay was fascinating- nothing like you’d seen on your old base. It took nearly an hour alone to loop around the bay, and return to the hallways. You cataloged chamber numbers and counted hatches until the day finally dragged to a close. Through all of this, you could not shake the image of Kylo Ren. What had made him upset enough to slice up the whole room? What had he been thinking? Why did he stare at me? Questions plagued your thoughts as you returned to the room you had received your assignments in. You gave a boring report to your captain, fully capturing the uneventfulness of your patrol, and returned to your assigned quarters. As soon as the hatch closed behind you, you gripped your helmet and yanked it off. A deep sigh rattled through you as you felt the cold air grace your cheeks. Placing the helmet on its stand, you unlatched each individual piece of armor and returned it, with the helmet, to the armor stand. You stripped until you stood in the black skin suit, unzipped to your belly button. With a great amount of effort, you peeled yourself out of the suit and folded it neatly. You placed it in a basket, and made sure a clean skin suit was prepared for tomorrow. Now, you stood in front of the mirror in nothing but bland undergarments, hair unraveled and wild. Starkiller’s artificial cold seeped into your veins, chilling you with a blissful iciness. After a quick shower, you wrapped the towel around your chest and moved to sit on the mattress. The feeling of sitting was so relaxing- you’d been on your feet almost all day. Without bothering to get redressed, you curled up under your sheet in the towel. That night, you fell asleep quickly, the image of Kylo Ren’s helmet still plastered to your thoughts. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Escort series