As a concept, ‘free time’ was an up-and-coming new thing to Finn. With both his previously rigid schedule in the First Order and, just recently, his stay in the medical wing spent doped up on painkillers, there just wasn’t any free time. At all. During this transitional time for the entire Rebel base--where everyone is doing too much and not enough at the same time--Finn feels like he is probably the only one who was doing absolutely nothing at all. At first it was pretty enjoyable, really fun, like, wow. I don’t have do… anything. Not one single responsibility but the challenge of letting his body heal. That was easy. You just sit there and let it, you know, heal. Though after a while, Finn felt restless. Jittery. The books and the movies Poe lets him borrow are cool, interesting, exciting, all the history and culture he’d been denied now right at his fingertips. But everybody is moving around, doing things, helping people. And he’s just sitting here. Watching movies. Reading books. Sometimes looking out the window. If he really thinks about it, he is doing things; he’s learning, he’s healing. But he wants to help. He keeps finding himself getting shooed out of rooms, ‘watch out’-ed and ‘excuse me’-d. It keeps happening over and over, but he can’t really stop trying to help because…well, he wants to kriffing help. “Finn,” the tall, feathered canine-looking beast rumbles, “Please. Move out the way, I’m kriffing begging you.” “I’m sorry.” He says, a bit jaded, to the beast. “Sorry ‘bout that.” He says to 3-PO, backing out of his way. “Excuse me, sorry.” He says to Jess, moving around her. Jessika stops him with a hand on his shoulder and a worried expression, “Finn. Hey, hold up. You okay?” “Yeah, yeah. I’m alright.” She looks at him. He looks at her, then he looks at the side of her head, then over her shoulder. She shoves him, “Hey.” “Yeah, yeah.” “Don’t ‘yeah, yeah’ me, Finn.” She says with a frown, “You know you can hang out with us. If, uh, you want to.” She’s giving him an out, he can see that from a mile away. He has the vague thought that she wouldn’t even be a little upset if he said no; but really, he has absolutely nothing else to do. A little uncomfortable with the smile automatically spreading on his face, he mumbles, “Yeah, uh. Yeah.” She smiles and scrunches up her nose at him. ---- Oil, rubber, dirt, and more oil, the smells of the hanger stick to the inside of his nostrils. It reminds him vaguely of the times he would walk past the large doors of the landing dock on Starkiller Base. There was always the rhythmic stomping of armored bodies, the whirring of machinery, the mechanical and human sounds of his fellow stromtr--no, his fellow people, doing what they were told. Here was something a bit familiar, but the Resistance had more talking, and a lot more smiling. Nien Nunb’s large, beady eyes make him uncomfortable. He was telling a story of his land—Snap graciously translating it for Finn—but at first he couldn’t really focus on the words, just those eyes. Nien’s big ears twitch as he talks, like he can hear what Finn is thinking. He hopes he doesn’t. “Uh, and…” Snap says to him after Nien pauses for his translation, “Sullust. It’s got scavenging birds and they call em…what. Oh! Oh yeah, I remember this. They call em Ash Angels. And…they eat... lava !” He wiggles his fingers for emphasis. Finn can’t stop his surprise. “Oh, whoa what?” Organic creatures eating lava? Amazing! Nien chortles, shakes his head. “I don’t know about all that.” Jess interrupts, and some of the pilots around them grin and chuckle. When it’s time for most of them return to work, Finn decides to leave, give them the out this time so they can do what they have to do without worrying about him. As he gets up to go, Nien jostles his shoulder and jabbers something to him. He doesn’t understand it until Jess clarifies, “He said you ain’t so bad.” Nien nods pretty heavily, making noises of agreement. Finn imagines he would be smiling like a human if his anatomy allowed him to. Outside of the hangar, his chest is still filled with something warm, little winged insects flap in his stomach. He...ain’t so bad. ---- He’s got warm grass under his palms, blueish-orangeish sky above him, happy feelings in his chest. Jess said earlier that she could find something for him to do tomorrow, if he was up to it. Now that it’s almost over, Finn feels like he could have done more today. What more? He doesn’t know, but could’ve done something. Maybe could’ve introduced himself a bit more to Nien, maybe could’ve made C-3PO laugh, he’d heard it was very, very hard to do, but not impossible. People and not-quite-people still walk and trample and slither and skip around him, he’s glad nobody seems to mind him sitting on the ground. Some even sit on ground in groups away from him, talking, smiling, friendly when he looks towards them. Maybe they were trying to invite him over, wanted to see if he was as bad and stupid as Troopers are known to be. Maybe. Maybe not. He looks down at the grass and plucks it, bites at the inside of his cheek. “What’s up, hotshot?” He looks up, Poe leans against the wall above him, looking down and smiling. “Nothin.” He says, grinning back. BB8 whirs at him and Finn takes it as a greeting, says hello when it bumps against his arm. The bot whirrs at Poe, and Poe knocks it gently with the tip of his boot, “See ya later, bud.” BB8 rolls off as Poe grunts and lowers himself down to the ground, always so dramatic, he’s not even that old. Finn says as much, rolling the heel of his foot along the ground when Poe grins at him. “Well, yknow. I’ve got an old spirit.” Poe pats his own chest, smack-dab in the middle. “What’d you do all day?” Finn asks him. “ Nothin .” Poe imitates his voice from earlier, laughs when Finn purses his lips, “I should be asking you that.” Finn shrugs, “Talked to Jess, talked to Snap. Uh, talked to Nien and 3PO. I almost got trampled too, by some lady, she was like a kriffing canine-thing. But it wasn't her fault, I was the one hovering around her feet. Like I was her little kid or something, she said that too.” He laughs at what that might look like, a goofy lookin human like him following around a giant canine beast, it’d be just like one of those movies he’d watched earlier. When he looks over at Poe, Poe is smiling at him, interested in what he’s saying, so he asks, “What really even is that species, the one that looks like a big, feathered canine?” “I don’t know what she is, but, if I’m remembering right, I think her name is Va…Vanel or somethin.” “Huh. Well, Vanel is really, kinda...interesting-looking. Never seen a canine with feathers before. Never seen much a canine at all, actually. Just like, in passing. And on diagrams n' shit.” There's a ripple of laughter from the group seated away from them. He wonders what they’re talking about. BB8’s still rolling off in the distance, and now Finn can see that its moving towards 3PO, who already seems to be fussing at the little droid. The question comes out immediately, “You ever heard 3PO laugh before?” Poe follows his gaze, looks thoughtful for a second. “Nah, actually…I heard nobody’s made 3PO laugh since, like, before the galaxy came around.” Finn huffs, “Huh.” “You trying to get him to laugh?” “Passively.” Poe snorts, “Passively? Whaddya mean?” Finn doesn’t really have an explanation, so he just grins till Poe shakes his head at him. It’s getting late, the blueish-orangish color of the sky turning pinkish-orangish-blueish; pilots of all sorts come by, heading to the mess hall for dinner. When Nien walks by, he tips his head at Finn. Jess waves at them both. Snap smirks at Poe, knocks his boot at the bottom of Finn’s feet. BB8 comes back eventually, beeping at them incessantly till they get up to go eat. Poe knocks their shoulders together as they get up, grunts extra loud, even cracks his back when he stands up straight. So dramatic. Poe blabbers to him as they get their food, steers him towards the pilot’s table when they have it-- seems to think Finn doesn’t notice. He likes it though, free days are that much better when you’re with people who think you aren’t so bad. Notes: So Nien Nunb is ugly as fuck like a soggy burrito but I looked him up and apparently he's a flyboy from a lava planet?? And I was like what in the goddamn! Idk, he's ugly but he's pretty cool. Just like how Finn is BEAUTIFUL and cool, yknow