KYLO Kylo heaved his body from the hard-packed snow and watched the planet rip apart between them. His eyes met Rey’s as the icy wind whipped elegantly around her. The lightsaber bathed Rey’s face in blue causing it to shimmer in the shadows. For a single heartbeat, Kylo wished she would stay. The look in her eyes gave him hope she could find a way over to him. That dream soon shattered as Rey deactivated the lightsaber and ran into the darkness of the forest. The cold snow soothed his burns, but it was short lived relief as hands seized his shoulders and dragged him away. He didn’t even bother to acknowledge the Stormtroopers that carried him away. His focus remained only on the space where Rey once stood. Then he detected it, a twinge of concern filtered its way over to him from the other side of the chasm. He could no longer physically see her, but he knew somewhere in the blackness she was looking back, searching for him. Lights flickered in the distance, and a silhouette of the Falcon lurched upward from the trees. A strange feeling of relief pervaded his heart, sending his senses into chaos. The disorientation of it all blinded him to the commotion centered around him. He hadn’t noticed the time lapse from the medical pod to the medical bay on the Finalizer. He could barely register the droids until they began cutting away his clothes and picking at his wounds, attempting to dress them. He winced in pain as a disinfectant was sprayed into his shoulder. Kylo’s eyes roamed the room until they found a human face he recognized. Hux loomed in the corner, sneering as if the smell of burnt flesh that permeated the ship's medical bay offended him on a personal level. “Fix him,” Hux ordered the 2-1B surgical droid. “The Supreme Leader wants him whole.” Kylo recognized the usual hatred and spite fused in Hux’s words was a bit more intense. Kylo said nothing as he watched Hux turn on his heel and stride toward the exit, knowing that this wasn’t the end of it; as Kylo expected, Hux abruptly stopped just before crossing the threshold. “Except for the face, leave that unattended,” he sneered in disgust and disappeared. Kylo knew then he was being reprimanded, and that the punishment would not end at this. He had failed at taking the girl back to Supreme Leader. Even worse, he had disobeyed his orders and offered to teach her without permission from his master. But his master would be pleased with... he dared not think it, or at least he tried not to. He bit his lip in defiance drawing blood, the familiar alkaline taste filled his mouth, but it was not enough to sway his thoughts elsewhere. “No...” he murmured. He couldn’t allow himself to feel it again, but the image of his father’s face flashed before him. He could almost feel it, the phantom brush of his father's fingertips across his now burning face. Reluctantly he fixated on the light in Han’s eyes, finally recognizing that his father had given him a final gift, forgiveness. The feeling of regret, shame, and grief was more than he could bear. Tears pooled, filling his eyes until everything blurred. The medical droids poking and stitching didn’t even register the violent war waging inside him. Leia’s face materialized in his mind. What had he done? Han had been hiding just arm lengths away. He had decided to keep walking, praying he would make it over the bridge without having to confront him. This hadn't what he wanted. Why couldn’t his parents just let him go? Kylo teetered between labored pants and silent sobs. He clenched his fist, yanking hard against his restraints until his wrists began to bleed. “Why!” he finally erupted. The observation window exploded into tiny shards and covered everything in sight. Vials of Conergin and Kolcta burst on the table next to him causing the crimson and cobalt fluids within them to create an indigo splatter across Kylo’s chest. A loud clunk, emanated from the far corner of the room “followed by a woosh.” The bacta tank broke open evacuating its contents all over the floor. Ventilator couplings moaned as they were ripped apart, releasing the attached tubes with a vicious, hiss. The medical droids crumpled to the ground as they were squeezed into piles of twisted gears. Out of the corner of his eye, he caught a glimpse of a gray-haired male human doctor run into the room. Kylo twisted in the restraints that wrapped around his arms and legs. Unable to break free, he flexed his hand, bringing the old man’s neck into his grip. As the doctor struggled to breathe, he held a syringe in one hand and somehow managed to draw up a sickly yellow colored liquid into it. Kylo felt the sharp prick and then the burn as the injection spread throughout his body. Kylo looked wildly around the room as everything began to sound distant, and hollow. Finally, he released the doctor's neck; he could hear the old man gasp for air as he fell to the ground. They had sedated him with the strongest tranquilizer they possessed: Tranqarest. Kylo recognized it by its particularly invading bitter aftertaste and the deadening of the Force within him. It had often been used when he first joined the First Order. No longer willing to fight, he finally let go, and his mind drifted. OOOOOOOOOOOO BEN Ben stood with his arms folded at his chest; his long brown cloak flapped gently in the cool evening breeze. His master, Luke Skywalker, held a Jedi testing screen with the image of a cup on his side of the display. A young girl around the age of four, with her hair tied into three small buns, around the age of four, was opposite of Luke. She held her hands behind her back as she rocked forward onto her toes and then back to her heels. The little girl thought for a moment, wrinkling her brow, “A cup.” Satisfied with the testing, Luke put the screen down on his lap. “She is gifted.” “Will she be a Jedi?” her mother asked anxiously. Luke smiled. “She is too young, but we will come back for her in a year.” “Are you sure you can’t take her with you now?” the girl's mother inquired, her tone shifting. “I thought Jedi are taken from their families at a very young age? With all the kidnappings lately, I’m afraid that…” She stopped, realizing her daughter would hear her. “The First Order, if they find us, her, you know what they will turn her in to,” she whispered. “I assure you we will come back for her; it's true the Jedi were trained at very young age. I run my academy a little differently than the old ones. I feel that she needs her family until she’s at least five. You know how to get in touch with me if you know of a credible threat. In the meantime, nurture her abilities, keep a close watch.” As his master continued to converse with the young girl's mother, Ben walked outside of the small dwelling; he was accustomed to Yavin-4 having spent many outings here with his parents. It was a welcome change from the academy on Tatooine, where the heat was unbearable at times. Against the side of the house sat a small wooden chair situated upon the noticeably worn ground, where he guessed their feet had tread repeatedly as they walked to and from their garden. They had created by walking to and from their garden. He was not interested in the testing of children. His mind was elsewhere wondering what race his father was at and if his mother was in a meeting with the Senate. He missed them and hadn’t seen them in a long while. Ben took his hand and waved it at the ground making circular motions and twirling the dust, making it whip into a small whirlwind with the Force. “How did you do that?” asked an excited little voice next to him. Ben hadn’t noticed the little girl watching him. He smiled at her,[.] “I use the Force.” She continued to watch in amazement as he levitated a small stone up into the air and made it spin. Her eyes widened with wonder, as she gasped excitedly. She beamed up at him, and Ben attempted to smile back. “Why are you sad?” she asked, unknowingly striking a nerve with her entertainer. “I’m not sad,” Ben assured, not knowing who exactly he was trying to convince[,] her or him. “Why do you sit all alone then?” “Sometimes I just like being alone,[.” He]” he managed a small grin. “I hope that I am as good of a Jedi as you one day,” she beamed. Ben smiled a little bigger; somehow this little one had lifted his spirits ever so slightly. “Do you want to see more?” he asked raising his eyebrow. Her large hazel eyes lit up, and Ben continued to show her that he could freeze a piranha beetle in midair. The little girl clapped with glee at the trick and Ben found himself chuckling at her laughter. He hadn’t laughed in a long while. At fifteen, he was a bit old for childish games, but he needed a distraction, a reason to forget the seriousness and protocols required of Jedi. “Check this out!” Ben held up his hand toward the nearest Massassi tree as if he were searching for something unseen. The little girl watched closely, mesmerized by his abilities. A Whisper bird appeared from the tree and glided majestically toward them, perching itself upon Bens arm. “Would you like to pet it?” She nodded excitedly and began to stroke its golden feathers. Ben watched the amazement fill her eyes, and for the first time in a long while, he felt content. “Ben,” Luke called to him, breaking his concentration, and amusement. Ben sighed. “I have to go little one.” The Whisper bird silently flew back to its roost. “Awwww, will I see you again?” she sulked, with an added pouty lip. “Of course you will, when you come to the academy. I look forward to seeing you become a great Jedi.” Ben smiled as he patted her on the top of her head and walked away. As he and Luke walked up the ramp of the transport, he looked back at the small girl waving to him. Her concerned mother stood behind her. “Master, why could we not take the girl now? Surely you can feel they are in danger; her mother senses it. I sense it,” Ben pushed. “She is far too young, although her abilities exceed any youngling I have ever tested at that age. She needs to be with her family until she is old enough,” Luke assured. “But…” “You would be wise to learn your place, my young Padawan. My decision is final.” “Yes, master,” Ben waved back at the little girl and walked on to the ship. Six standard months had passed since Luke and Ben visited the small village with the little girl. Ben returned to training and had nearly forgotten the matter altogether until a hologram came through while he was on rotation in the communications station. A mostly dull and boring task, he had been tinkering with his droid when the static and hardly transmittable [holo-message projected before him. Ben recognized the woman immediately; it was the girl's mother. “Luke, we have been tipped off that they are coming. They are attempting to jam our communications as I send this to you. All outgoing transports are being boarded and searched. I fear that we can’t get out without assistance. Please, hurry.” The woman's face faded as the holo ended. Ben quickly ran down the hall to Luke’s quarters and alerted him to the problem. “Stay here,” Luke commanded in a notably odd tone and quickly walked to the communications room shutting the door behind him. Soon after Luke reemerged and motioned for Ben to follow him to their usual transport. Luke programmed their coordinates without saying a word. Ben thought back to the mother's persistence that they take her daughter for safety reasons, although Luke had insisted she was too young. They were far from their system; even with the best hyperdrive, it would take four standard cycles to reach their location. After a long four torturous days, the ship slowed as they entered the atmosphere. There was no longer a blockade and Ben felt his stomach sink. Smoke was rising as they descended to the ground. Luke drew his lightsaber as they exited the ship and quickly realized that there was no need for a weapon. Luke pulled his hood from his head and looked at the horror before him. Ben could feel the terror his master was projecting, even though he could tell Luke was doing his best to conceal his feelings. They searched the village for some time, but they found no one. The houses were empty; plates still sat on tables prepared with food, now rotten. It was as if everyone had vanished. Off in the distance, they could see a small plume of smoke. Ben ran towards it first. “Ben wait!” Luke called after him, but Ben ignored him, pulling out his lightsaber and readying himself for a fight, hoping they would find survivors and the little girl. When Ben stepped into the small clearing, a mound of burned bodies lay still smoldered, emitting a foul odor of burnt flesh. Ben’s heart sank into his stomach as he dropped to his knees. Bile began to lurch at the back of his throat. Ben had never seen anything so vile and evil in his life. Luke finally caught up to him and stood quietly behind him. Ben thought back to the story Luke had told him about the Empire and what they had done to his aunt and uncle. Luke had only been a few years older than him. Ben couldn’t have been angrier, with the terrible people who did this clearly, but also with his master. He knew that Luke understood that this could be have been a reality because Luke had lived it and still he hadn't taken the girl. It was now that an old feeling brewed up inside him. Rage overwhelmed him, and he wanted to fight someone, something, or anything. But Ben knew how he felt was unbecoming of a Jedi. His mind raced with thoughts of revenge, the little girl's big hazel eyes, and most of all, Luke. If I had been more convincing, perhaps I could have changed Luke’s mind. His hands clenched into fists as if he was trying to crush his fingers. He was aware Luke sensed his anger, but he didn’t care; Luke could lecture him later. He walked back to their ship and sat alone. He tried to meditate to calm his anger, but then something happened that hadn't occurred in some time. A strange, gruff voice spoke to him. “You are right to be angry. You warned him, foresaw it, sensed it. Luke didn’t believe in you. No one has ever believed in you,” it hissed. Ben felt a chill run down his spine as he attempted to shrug it off; he had heard this voice before when he was very young. Perhaps he was inventing the voice himself; that was a bit more unnerving than the voice itself. His thoughts on the matter were however interrupted when Luke entered the ship. Ben could see the regret wash over Luke’s face. Ben’s anger quickly subsided, and in its place, grief. Luke took a breath and laid his hand on his young nephew's shoulder, “Do not mourn the dead, Ben. You should rejoice, for now, they are one with the Force.” Ben jerked his shoulder away from Luke’s grasp. “Sorry if I don’t feel much like celebrating. Master Yoda’s sayings are of no comfort to me.” He watched Luke’s expression as he registered his defiance. Ben could tell Luke wanted to push the talk further but had changed his mind. OOOOOOOOOOOOO KYLO Kylo awoke slightly dazed, as the dream faded into the abyss. At first, he couldn't remember what had transpired until he struggled to roll to one side. A sharp pain shot through his torso and then his face. Realization hit hard nearly taking his breath, Kylo remembered... her. Rey was the little girl from the Yavin-4 village all those years ago. Kylo detested thinking back to the days when he was Ben Solo. Kylo thought of his former self as a separate being altogether. However, today as he lay confined to his quarters, he was haunted once again by Ben Solo; more importantly, Rey. It was her. He had felt it before he had realized it, but he was not certain how it was possible. He touched gash across his face. It was still warm to the touch. He shouldn’t have offered to teach her or shown her compassion. In doing so, he had shown her weakness. Rey’s words haunted him. “You... you're afraid, that you'll never be as strong as Darth Vader.” It had made him feel naked and exposed. He would not allow that to happen again. Rey had made him weak and somehow pulled Ben Solo back into existence, albeit, briefly. Kylo tried not to dwell on his encounter with his father. He had instantly regretted his decision to kill Han but had pushed that feeling down deep within him the moment he had seen FN-2187’s face. The traitor who put the entire confrontation with his father in motion. It was him who brought the girl back into existence, who showed his father the way onto Starkiller Base. The side wound began to sting where he had been shot by his father's lifelong companion, Chewie. Kylo recalled how Hux had deliberately ordered the medical staff not to bacta his wounds. He received basic standard care, only cleansing of the wounds and bandages were allowed; his face, however, remained raw, uncleaned, and unbandaged. The pain was welcomed; it was all that he had left. OOOOOOOOOOOO REY Rey stared at the cloaked man before her. She held out his lightsaber, urging him to take it, but the way he looked at her was slightly unnerving. Luke seemed haunted, or guilty perhaps, for leaving his sister and his friends she presumed. For a long moment, neither of them spoke. “How long do we have?” Luke asked softly. “What?” Rey replied a bit confused. “Until Ben finds us?” Rey hadn’t gotten used to hearing the monster called by the other name. “I don’t know; he never got the map,” she replied finally. Rey lowered the hand that held the lightsaber, realizing that Luke was not about to take it from her. Luke narrowed his eyes as he gazed down at the lightsaber, “Where did you get that?” “Maz.” Rey shrugged timidly. “Humph.” Luke grunted and walked past her. Rey trailed after him. “Wait, don’t you want it?” Luke didn’t answer her but stopped abruptly at the edge of the stone stairs. Chewie and R2-D2 still stood where Rey had left them. “So, it's true then, Han’s gone.” It wasn’t a question as much as a confirmation. He rubbed his eyes with his fingers, but there were no tears. Luke sighed and shook his head. “Come, there's much to discuss." Chewie gathered driftwood for the fire, while R2 beeped excessively at Luke. R2 wasn’t at all happy with Luke since he had been away... he had been away for so long and was not about to let Luke off easy. R2 bumped into Luke’s shins and continued with his series of rather surly beeps. “Alright R2, I apologize.” It was only then that the droid was slightly satisfied with his master. Once the fire was burning, they all gathered around it. Luke passed around a kettle full of an earthy tasting stew, and they each took a bowl. The hot liquid warmed through the wooden bowl, soothing Rey’s cold hands. The winds of Ahch-To were frigid, whipping up from the vast ocean around them. Rey hadn’t adjusted to the climate anywhere. The heat of Jakku was usually brutal, but the cold was proving to be just as ruthless. Rey looked up and gazed at the stars, and wondered how far away her home planet was. Subsequently, her thoughts shifted to Finn and Leia. She hated leaving Finn behind, but she knew deep down that he would recover. However, Leia had lost her son and Han in the most tragic way possible. How could anyone be okay after that? “She’s tough,” Luke acknowledged. Rey’s brow furrowed in confusion. How did he hear? “I can hear you through the Force. You project your thoughts rather loudly. But, it’s why you’re here, is it not? To learn how to use the Force?” Luke asked. “Yes, I think so? I don’t know. Everything just happened. I don't know how exactly to put it into words," Rey sighed. A smile crept across Luke's face, “No, the Force called to you and beckoned you to embrace it. I imagine that you did or else you wouldn’t be here, on this island." His brow furrowed slightly, "How did you find me by the way?” “Can’t you use the Force and find out?” she asked. It was a genuine question. “The Force doesn’t work like that. I can’t predict the future or seek out accurate information,” Luke affirmed. Rey raised her eyebrows. That’s not what I experienced at all when Kylo got inside my head. Although she had fought him on it, it was easy to assume that someone who wasn't Force sensitive wouldn’t stand a chance against him. “What he did, was not what I taught him,” Luke interjected, interrupting Rey’s inner conflict. “Ben used the dark side. It isn't something a Jedi would do.” He kept his eyes on the fire. He seemed distant and present all at the same time. “But it is the Force?” Rey pressed. She wanted answers as to what she felt, and how it was used against her. “Yes, but a Jedi never uses it for malice,” Luke explained. Rey took a breath. She wanted to understand everything. What was she up against, and how could she use the Force? “I’ll tell you everything I know,” he continued as he stoked the fire with a stick. Embers flickered in the darkness like tiny comets. Luke began with the stories of the old Jedi and the information he had uncovered over his many years. He explained both the dark and light sides of the Force as well as their users, such as the Sith. The fall of Anakin Skywalker and his redemption as Darth Vader, a complicated tale that captivated Rey. Chewie chimed in at times, highlighting their adventures with Han and Leia. Rey giggled at the trash compactor story, imagining how the scenario played out between the three of them. Even R2 spoke up at times, revealing that he had been the one to save them all. They all chuckled at that. Luke told Rey about Obi-Wan Kenobi, his old mentor. “Old Ben, that’s what they use to call him, Han thought he was crazy,” Luke chuckled. “Is that where Ben got his name?” Rey asked. She felt the mood instantly deflate around her and realized she had struck a nerve. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to...” she stammered. “Well, would you look at that, the Suns are almost up. You better get as much sleep as you can. Tomorrow I have a few things I would like to show you.” Luke noted as he stood dusting his robes and stretching his arms. “Oh, okay,” Rey answered cautiously. Rey and Chewie made it back to the Falcon; R2 opted to stay with his master. It was safe to bet that Luke would not get out of R2's sights for a long time. Rey climbed into the bunk Chewie had laid upon while injured when they first met. She thought back to that day, how Finn had tried to help Chewie and nearly lost an arm. She snickered to herself and then wondered about her friend yet again. Had he awakened yet? Would he be alright? A little bit of guilt washed over her as she rolled side to side trying to get comfortable. Then her thoughts meandered where she knew they ought not to. Was Kylo Ren in recovery as well? How long would it be until he found them? Should she have killed him? She knew she wanted him dead, but she also knew that Leia wanted him brought back to her. Leia had confided this to her when she told her what happened to Han. Rey knew Leia had placed all blame upon herself; she had asked Han to save Ben. Although Kylo Ren had committed the most unthinkable evil, Leia believed against all hope that he would come back to her. Ben was all she had left of Han. That night Rey dreamed that she was back on Jakku. She was sitting inside her AT-AT when she heard a distressed voice call out for help. Only this time, it wasn’t the beeping of a droid. It was a child. She grabbed her staff and rushed outside, dashing over the sand dunes, but there was nothing. It was empty. “Who are you?” A small voice asked behind her. Rey whirled around, startled to find a little boy nearly five, maybe six years old. He looked up at her with wide dark brown eyes. Tears filled them and then slowly rolled down his cheeks. Rey knelt on one knee in front of him. “It’s alright," Rey attempted to soothe him. "Where is your family?” “They're gone,” he murmured, lowering his head. “They're always gone." His small feet began kicking sand around slowly. “Do you want me to help you find them?” She smiled reassuringly. The boy nodded 'yes,' wiping the tears from his rosy cheeks. Rey pushed herself up with her staff and held out her hand. “What’s your name?” “Ben... Ben Solo,” he answered. Chapter 2 Summary: After a rather restless night, Rey trains with Luke for the first time. What he shows her along the way will have long lasting consequences. Notes: This is a shorter chapter but the next one will be much longer. REY “Rey... Rey, wake up,” Luke stood directly above her holding what appeared at first to be a stick. He grinned, “Time to train.” Nearly all day Luke taught Rey with a training stick instead of a lightsaber. They went over forms, repeatedly. She was slightly disappointed, by the lack of contact combat, but said nothing. Her thoughts kept drifting to the strange child in the desert, Ben Solo. Rey finally chalked it up to all the stories the night before. Dreams weren't always what they seemed, she mused. It wasn't the same as the visions she had in Maz’s castle. Nothing to take seriously, she decided. "Focus, your thoughts betray you," Luke pointed out just before he whacked her in the arm with his stick. "Hey! I thought we weren’t going to start contact training until later,” Rey rubbed her shoulder. "You're making yourself an easy target. Try not to wander in your thoughts. You should be focused on me and only me right now," Luke instructed. “Now, get into position one and block my blow, it will be low,” he pointed at her knee with the end of the stick. Rey readied herself and, managing to block him, but remained on defense. They practiced the same block over and over. Rey was sweating and out of breath. Luke had barely broken a sweat. Surprisingly for a man his age, he was still pretty spry. Luke smiled, "Alright, let's take a break." “Thank the Maker,” she sighed and dropped down to sit on the ground. Luke joined her, taking a drink from his canteen. "That staff you carry, have you had it long?" he asked. Rey looked over at the staff laying by her satchel. "Yes, it was my only weapon for self-defense on Jakku." Luke rose to his feet, "Alright then let's begin." Rey huffed in exhaustion. “What, okay,” wiping her still sweaty hands on her tunic, taking her training stick back in her hands. "No, get your staff," Luke advised, twirling his stick through his fingers. Rey had watched Kylo Ren spin his lightsaber in the exact same fashion. It caused her heart to leap a little. Cautiously she dropped the practice stick and picked up her staff. Although her fingers ached the staff’s familiar grip was comforting, like greeting an old friend. "Now I want you to fight back, just like you would in Jakku," Luke instructed. Rey nodded. Luke fought her more aggressively this time, but she was surprisingly ready as if she had done this routine before. Luke stopped giving commands halfway through but kept striking, spinning his body around. Rey blocked his blows no matter the direction they came. Finally, Lukes onslaught ended. Rey put her hands on her knees, panting. "It's settled then," Luke chuckled. “What's settled?” she puffed. "You're not getting a lightsaber." Luke shook his head, "I've been going about this all wrong." Rey's shoulders dropped, "What?" "You need a lightsaber quarterstaff.” "If you had trained under me as a youngling you would be comfortable with a lightsaber like you hold now. But, your reflexes and muscle memory for your staff fit you far better. It will be easier than starting from scratch." "But where do we find such a weapon?" "We will build you one. I built my own, I'll help you," Luke smiled. When they stopped for the day, Luke walked over to the edge of the cliff and stared off over the water. The Suns were beginning to sink beneath the ocean. Rey watched him as she packed up her satchel. He was a bit majestic to behold, this old Jedi, a man of legend or myth depending on who you asked. Rey was proud for once. Honored, that he had agreed to teach her and that someday she may be worthy of the title Jedi. “I want to show you something,” Luke motioned for her to follow. They walked quite a bit before descending a large grassy hill to a large archaic looking tree. The leaves were as lush and green as everything else on the island except they held a slight blue luminous aura around them. Its roots were gnarled with golden boughs. At its base was a large stone with a symbol carved on its face. Rey had never seen anything like it. Which she knew wasn’t saying much given that her planet was a barren wasteland. Taking a closer look, she noticed that the tree also covered in tiny crimson flowers. Rey stopped cold in her tracks. “You alright?” Luke asked. “That flower, I had one once.” “Where did you get it? “I don’t know, it was in my pocket when I was abandoned on Jakku.” Saying those words out loud stung, but she didn’t let on. “It was alive for a little while. I think it was just too hot. It wilted and died because I couldn’t keep watering it. But, I couldn’t bring myself to throw it out. It just didn’t feel right,” she confessed. “Curious,” Luke stroked his beard. “This is a Force Tree; there were thought to be only three left. This one is the fourth I've seen," he patted the tree's trunk. "It's how I knew I was in the right place.” Rey furrowed her brow a little puzzled. “The place of the first Jedi temple. I saved two saplings from the Empire after the Battle of Endor. They were replanted in Yavin-4 and Dagobah,” Luke added. Rey stepped closer touching her fingertips to the leaves. “What do they do?” “I believe they are conduits of the Force. You can meditate with the tree itself, and it can amplify the Force users abilities. However, beneath the tree is the temple,” Luke took a breath. “It's why Ben, is trying to find me,” Lukes tone shifted. "He’s not after me; he’s after knowledge. Ben knows that I was looking for the temple the night... the night he fell into darkness," Luke took a seat against one of the raised roots. "I made significant efforts to remove part of the map from the Empires archives. I stayed here in case Ben found the location. So that I could try to stop him.” Rey knew it was a touchy subject, but she had to know. “Why didn’t you just stop... Kylo, instead of waiting for him to find you?” Rey thought this a logical question, although she assumed he'd have his reasons. Luke raised an eyebrow, “You mean why didn’t I kill him?” She slowly nodded. “The same reason you didn’t kill him,” Luke said softly. Rey's body tensed. “I can sense the conflict you have about it. You can't even bring yourself to say his real name out loud. There’s no need to be ashamed of it,” he sympathized. “It isn't the nature of a Jedi to seek out to kill. Capture perhaps but never an intention to kill unless there are no other options.” Rey cocked her head curiously, “Are you trying to say, he can change? Even after what he did to Han?” Rey couldn’t believe what she was hearing. Luke took in a small breath. “It’s not entirely impossible.” “Do you think he is like your father?" “My father lived with his darkness and regrets for a very long time. He loved me as his son. But, Ben, felt abandoned by his family, and mostly by me. I failed him,” Luke’s voice trembled as he made his confession. It amazed Rey that a legendary Jedi, seemingly invincible could crack for the likes of Kylo Ren. “What happens when he eventually comes, and you can’t reason with him? If.. if you can’t kill him?” Rey’s heart leaped into her throat. Is this why he wanted to train her? She couldn't help but project the thought. “No, Rey, I’m not teaching you to because I want you to kill Ben. I want to teach you because you seek it," he said assuringly. “The light is strong within you, but if Ben can’t be swayed, then there will be only one option for us.” Rey didn’t want to think about that. Even though deep down she sensed something dangerous on the horizon. She walked closer to the trunk of the tree. Her fingers ran along the smooth golden bark. Its Force energy made her hands tingle at the touch. “Have you meditated with the tree?” Rey asked. “No, if I had, I believe I would have been discovered much sooner. We are all connected by the Force. But, Ben is my family. I can sense him and his mother significantly stronger in the Force. It’s why I cut myself off from everyone, left R2 behind, everything,” Luke’s voice was regretful but accepted his decisions. She could tell he believed he did the right thing. “What happens if he gets here and he meditates with the tree or enters the temple?” Rey asked, not knowing if she wanted to know the answer. “Ben has done what I couldn't do; he killed his father. I’m afraid he’s so far on the dark side now that if he entered the temple, it would push him deeper into the darkness, and then we may never get him back,” he concluded. The thought sent shivers down Rey’s spine. She didn't know why but deep down she knew she would be the one to kill Kylo Ren. OOOOOOOOOOOOO KYLO The chamber was no different from the one on Starkiller base, just as cold, black, and ominous. The time had come to face his master. Kylo attempted to remain indifferent to feel no emotion as he stood in front of Snoke himself, which was more challenging than standing before a hologram image. Unmasked and vulnerable he held a new helmet in his right arm as he steadied his breathing. “It pains me to say, you’ve failed me, Kylo Ren.” The sound of his voice was somewhat gentle, but the anger seething beneath the words was undeniable. “Yes Supreme Leader, I have failed.” Kylo had no inflection in his voice if he was nervous he did not show it. His eyes remained forward staring off at a wall. “The scavenger girl you allowed to live has found Skywalker, I trust you have sensed this?” Snoke crooned. “Yes,” his response was stoic at best, but Snoke knew better. “Do you still feel compassion for her? Snoke asked inquisitively. “No Supreme Leader, I will find the girl and Skywalker. I will end…” Snoke held up his hand interrupting Kylo. “You must complete your training, only then will you be able to accomplish such a task. You’ve taken your first steps by doing what Lord Vader could not. For that, there is still promise,” He sank slowly back into his chair. “However, to do so, I must first rid you of your weakness,” He held up his right hand his bony fingers pointing in Kylo’s direction. Kylo knew what was coming; he didn’t attempt to run, there was no point. He stood silent until it hit him. A blue flash of light shot from Snokes fingertips, striking him so hard he flew backward landing on his back. His helmet fell to the black marble floor with a loud hollow “thud.” Instinctively, he held his hands up to deflect, although he did not fight back. The pain seared through his body, every inch of him writhed in pain, as if he was burning from the inside out. He wanted to scream to cry out, but he did not. Instead, something else happened that he did not intend. Kylo reached out through the Force for help, but only for a fraction of a second. To whom he directed the call, he did not know, it was not intentional, more like a reflex. Fear tore through him, if Supreme Leader noticed, how much more would he have to endure? Kylo allowed himself to feel anger, to take in pain Snoke was feeding him. He had to push out the light, he thought. But flashes of his father's face began to echo in his mind along with Hans last words, “He will crush you. We miss you.” Snoke must have sensed his inner turmoil, and he felt the surge flow through his body more intensely. Then suddenly it ended, the punishment had been very brief. Perhaps Snoke did not want to disfigure him. “Take him back to his room on the Finalizer and leave him,” Snoke command to the guards. Kylo felt his body being dragged across the cold floor until they reached the door. Not wanting to show any further weakness he found what strength he had left and wrestled free of their grip. Stumbling to his feet, he managed to pick up his helmet and walk out the door. Although he could not see him, Kylo knew Snoke was still watching. There was a hint of repulsion and concern from his master. But, in his pain, he didn’t have the clairvoyance to attempt to decipher the feelings further. OOOOOOOOOOO REY When night fell, they had dinner by the fire, but Luke said nothing more about Kylo Ren or Ben as he insisted she call him. Neither of them spoke, it wasn’t an awkward type of silence but more of an understanding. Today had been draining, for both of them. Even Chewie didn’t linger after he finished his meal. He had murmured something about a part on the Falcon and disappeared. Luke insisted that she get some rest and that they would continue the next morning with training. Rey walked quietly to the Falcon, gazing back up the sky at the millions of stars glowing above. She was thankful she had Luke, even though she wasn't completely safe. Then again, she never was especially on Jakku. Rey found herself laying awake in bed thinking about training and the stories from the night before. She should be sound asleep by now because she was exhausted, but she could feel something nagging at her. Rey couldn’t place the feeling; it wasn’t sad, nor angry. She could feel a slight burning, a tingling sensation all over her body. Not enough to cause her pain but enough to annoy her. Finally frustrated with herself she sat up, throwing the small gray blanket to the ground, and decided she needed air. She walked down a set of stone steps until she reached the ocean shore. She removed her boots and walked in the surf, squishing the sand between her toes, before procuring a seat in the dry sand. A snigger escaped her lips, never thought she would take solace at the feeling of sand beneath her, but here she was taking it into her fist and letting it filter through her fingers. Rey did this over and over as gazed above exploring the sky. The moon was a pale yellow, bright, and she imagined she could reach out and touch it. The surface was mesmerizing, so close she could map the creators. She took deep breaths of salt filled air, closed her eyes, and listened to the sound of waves crashing on the shore. Everything around her grew quiet; even the waves became nonexistent in that perfect moment. Relaxed for the first time since the day everything began; she slipped deeper into serenity. The force moved around her like a slow moving stream. Then the cold slowly began to trickle in, and hopelessness took over the space she had made in her mind for joy. Her blood ran cold, and she could feel the darkness closing in, suffocating her. When Rey opened her eyes, she was no longer on Ahch-To, but back on Jakku. Under a starry sky, she stood alone on the dunes in the exact place she had seen the boy. Only this time, there was no boy, but she could hear him crying. Rey strained to locate the sounds of the crying child only to discover it was coming from her AT-AT. Cautiously she approached crouching down to enter through the doorway. To her surprise, the boy was curled up in her hammock crying into her makeshift pillow. The moonlight outside was bright enough that it filtered down into her old home and Rey could make out much of the chamber. That’s when she saw it. If she could have screamed, she would have, but when she opened her mouth, nothing came out. The grotesque sickly pale figure lurching in the corner rose up from its crouching position. Its shadow crept over the crying boy. Instinctively, Rey leaped between the child and the hideous humanoid figure. Its eyes black and soulless locked on to hers. It's feeble boney fingers quickly grasped her arm, digging its nails into her flesh. She tried to jerk away, but it clung to her. “Rey, Rey, wake up. Rey, you're dreaming!” A familiar voice boomed all around her echoing off the metal walls of her AT-AT. Rey drew in a loud gasp as her eyes shot open, everything around her blurred. When she regained focus, she found Luke and Chewie staring at her in the moonlight. Sweat was dripping from her forehead, and her whole body felt clammy. Drawing in her hand to hold her chest she felt her heart nearly pounding out of it. “What did you see?” Luke said firmly. Rey took notice of the concern that tinged his words. Rey finally told Luke about the dreams, the vision she had by touching the lightsaber, and what exactly happened between her and Kylo Ren on Starkiller Base. She should have mentioned all of this the first day, but she was so caught up with his stories and becoming a Jedi she dismissed it. Luke said nothing, as Rey described what she had seen taking care to give him as much detail as possible. When she finished, she searched Lukes face for answers or comfort, either would be welcomed at this point. “I think it's time you met my Masters,” he said calmly. Chapter 3 Summary: Two words. Force Bond. :-) REY Rey sat on a long piece driftwood as Luke reignited the fire they had dinner by earlier. Chewie and R2 retired to the Falcon for the rest of the night. The mood was different; she could feel the intensity and seriousness radiating from Luke. Finally, he stopped shuffling around their fire pit and took a seat next to her. Rey remained quiet as Luke closed his eyes and delved into deep in meditation. For a long moment, nothing happened. Then she felt it, warmth, a presence almost familiar. “Rey,” a voice called from somewhere, it echoed all around her. Her eyes settled beyond the flames into the night as an old man dressed similarly to Luke manifested seemingly out of nowhere. He appeared real, although he wasn’t quite flesh colored, more translucent. He moved towards her, taking a seat across from her and Luke as if the physical world still affected him in some way. Moments later another being materialized right beside Luke. He was small, not human, green, with long ears, and well she didn’t know what he was exactly.Rey looked at them both in awe. “This is Masters Obi-Wan Kenobi and Yoda," Luke announced, with a hint of amusement in his voice. How is this possible? He’s...They are... “Dead? Yes, but death isn’t the end young one,” Obi-Wan replied, also grinning at Rey. His voice, his accent, it was identical to hers. But more than that it was familiar, and Rey tried to place where she had heard it before. “Ah, I was wondering if you had noticed,” Obi-Wan smiled with a slight chuckle. “We’ve spoken before when you touched that lightsaber,” he pointed to Lukes old saber attached to her hip. “But, we are not here to discuss that are we? Although I am glad, you took my advice.” “The Force is strong with you it is, but fear I sense. The same apprehension I once detected in young Anakin Skywalker. Fear of loss, no abandonment, I believe,” Yoda interjected. Rey wrung her hands on the end of her tunic. She did not know what to say, and now all three of them were now looking at her. “What does that have to do with anything?” she asked slightly annoyed but still attempting to be respectful. “Fear leads to anger; anger leads to hate, hate... to suffering. Much like Anakin you are,” Yoda leaned in on his small wooden cane and chuckled an awkward little laugh. Rey didn’t feel afraid now, and she wasn’t sure where Master Yoda was going with this. “Masters, I believe something has happened, but I can’t be sure,” Luke asked with a more serious tone than Obi-Wan or Yoda’s relaxed demeanor. Luke sat silent for a moment stroking his gray and white beard before he began again, turning his attention to Rey. “You and Ben unlocked each other's deepest fears when you pushed into his mind and him into yours. That much is clear.” “Is this why I dream such terrible things? Are they his memories?” “It seems so,” Unmistakable guilt-tinged Luke’s' voice. It was only now that Rey felt a bit of pity for Kylo Ren. How long had he been haunted by the monster? How many nights had he cried himself to sleep? Rey was nearly twenty standard years, and what she witnessed terrified her. She couldn’t imagine how it made a small child feel. “Is this why he chose the dark side? This monster from the dream?” Rey asked. “There are many reasons why Ben walked down the path to darkness. These dreams are just a glimpse so far, of the terrible things that happened to him,” Luke replied. “But, I have been through some terrible things, and I didn’t choose the dark side. I didn’t murder innocent people,” her pity for Kylo Ren diminished with her words. It was his choice, and he chose wrong. He had killed innocent people. That thought disgusted her even more. “The dark side, young Solo is consumed with it, he is,” Yoda answered. “Tempted by it were you not when you chose not to kill Kylo Ren?” Yoda inquired. Rey was a bit shocked by the question. How did he know about the voice? But, she assumed Force ghost were privy to such things. “I heard a voice telling me to kill him, but I couldn’t. I don’t know why I didn’t, maybe it was the way he looked at me, I just couldn’t,” Rey answered nearly ashamed. Even though she wasn’t sure for what. Was it for not killing him when she had the chance or because she couldn’t bring herself to do it? Luke and Obi-Wan exchanged concerned glances. Rey pretended not to notice. “Careful we must be of this connection. If a bond it turns out to be, danger, I sense for them both.” Yoda’s voice was unmistakably filled with apprehension. “You speak of a Force Bond Master Yoda am I, right? Didn’t you have such a connection with your apprentice?” Obi-Wan asked. “Ah, Dooku,” Yoda hung his head with sadness. “Yes, sense him from afar I could. Useful it is in battle. Connected with an enemy, however, unknown consequences, there may be.” “Well, that’s comforting,” Rey huffed. “It doesn’t seem that he is aware of this bond. Which means if my memory serves me correct it has not been fully formed. This could buy you some time, but be mindful of your thoughts. I sense a great deal of confusion in you.” Obi-Wan stood. “Rey, the Force will always be with you. Use it,” Obi-Wan smiled and faded away. “Agree with Obi-Wan I do, treacherous times ahead, there are,” Yoda smile and vanished. The two were gone, in a blink. Luke and Rey sat quietly at the fire. “That was not helpful at all,” Rey mumbled. Luke sat staring at the flames. “Try to get some rest," he patted Rey on the shoulder. “Before he finds us, you mean?” she grumbled. Luke nodded and walked away disappearing into one of the stone huts. Rey returned to the Falcon and attempted to sleep, keeping her mind clear of anything concerning their location. But she couldn’t escape the feeling of frustration. What was she conflicted about? What did they mean? She had more questions than answers. Reluctantly, she decided there was no point to dwell, at least not tonight. She had been up a lot longer than she wanted. Rey let her mind wander her home, the AT-AT. She thought about all the scavenged parts she still had that she could cash in and her speeder. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO KYLO Kylo stood in the large training facility surrounded by his knights. The air was stagnant, humid, and musky from the amount of perspiration that had leached into crimson mats over the many years. No one spoke aloud as was the custom, but nearly all of them were drenched in sweat and roasting beneath their masks. The sound of Kylo’s recently repaired lightsaber hummed erratically echoing off the black durasteel walls. He spun it in his hand as he ran through unfamiliar exercises, given to him by Snoke. Training was the only thing he focused on since he recovered from the Force lighting. Deep down, Kylo feared that if he stopped, or lost focus, he would feel it, the light. Kylo continued to push himself in the most brutalizing way, the bow caster wound had not yet fully healed, and he found himself relying on the pain to motivate him through the training. He wasn’t as powerful as he used to be, this made him desperate, and far less predictable than the knights were accustom to. Today had been no exception; Kylo had nearly killed two of his knights already, and the others were not exactly forthcoming when he needed to spar with them. Frustrated, he dismissed them and sat in the middle of the floor. He closed his eyes centering himself, pulling from the darkest part of himself, trying to create Force lighting. His breathing became more ragged and amplified by the modulator in his mask. His fingers trembled as he tried to direct the current flowing through him down his arm. It was no use, he hadn't been able to produce more than a few sparks, and it wasn’t without consequence. It exhausted him because it took every ounce of energy to push it out of him. Finally, out of energy, he lumbered back to his room. Removing his helmet, he tossed it thoughtlessly to the ground, and it landed with a metallic “thud.” His raven locks were soaked and matted to his head. The gash across his face burned from chafing against the helmet. Kylo had not dared to step into a fresher thus far; he didn’t want to know what it looked like. Slumping down onto to the bed he laid on his back staring at the cold metal ceiling; he needed to find them and end this once and for all. He didn’t know how much more of this he could physically take. Ultimately he closed his eyes and allowed himself to drift off. The sleep he craved was assaulted with the image of Jakku, and of old rusted destroyers left to decay in the desert sands. He could smell the metal baking in the sun, and the heat was unsympathetic to his attire. Kylo looked around, but he was alone, only the sound of wind occupied the barren wasteland. His boots begin to sink into the sand, and as he attempted to move away, it dragged him down to his knees. He let out a small gasp as he was quickly drawn down to his chest. The sand crushed him as it engulfed his body, struggling to breathe he frantically clawed for the surface until the ground swallowed him into nothingness. Kylo felt as if fell endlessly until he was jerked violently into the sitting position inside an old toppled over AT-AT. He drew his hands to his throat instinctively sucking in a loud gasp for air. When he realized he was in no danger of suffocation his eyes darted around his surroundings. It appeared to be a makeshift home with a small cooking stove and an old wilted flower still sitting in a vase atop a tiny table. A bloggin-oil lamp sat on the floor within arms reach of a shabby looking hammock. Part of a wall was covered in scratches, marks much like a prisoner would mark their days in a cell. Kylo slowly stood and stepped towards the wall. His gloved hand brushed over the markings, as he took in the amount of time it would take someone to make them. He cocked his head curiously, realizing he had seen this before, in the scavengers mind. Quickly he drew his hand away as if the wall itself would burn him. Kylo was now acutely aware he was inside what had been Rey’s home. Outside he could hear a girl screaming. Not overly concerned about the child he slowly climbed out of the confines of the AT-AT. A hideously blubbery humanoid held onto a small child as she screamed. “Come back!” she cried, as the ship disappeared into the sky. Curiosity drew him nearer to the pair. The little girl held a doll that looked much like a Resistance pilot in her hand, and she clung to it pulling it tightly to her chest. Then Kylo realized what he was witnessing. Rey was being left behind, abandoned on one of the worst planets imaginable. Her face abruptly jerked in his direction, capturing his gaze. Lonely hazel colored eyes looked up at him. She dropped the doll and stretched her arms out to him. Kylo eyes widen in surprise, and he instantly backed away not sure what would happen if she touched him. As he retreated, he tripped backward over something in the sand, causing him to fall to the ground. Hitting the cold metal floor, he jolted awake. It was over; he was in his room. His breathing was labored, and heart thumped loudly in his ears. He sat quietly taking in what he had just seen, felt. “What was that?” he murmured to himself. There was an unexpected knock at the door. “Sir,” a voice called from the other side of the doorway. Kylo picked himself off the ground before waving his hand, opening the door. A stormtrooper stood staring at him. Kylo could feel his hesitation, but he continued. “Supreme Leader Snoke is requesting your presence.” Kylo felt a chill run through him, knowing that Snoke perhaps suspected something. However, Kylo did not know the meaning behind what he had seen. He snatched up his helmet and placed it over his head latching it into place. When Kylo entered the chamber, the giant hologram loomed over him. He stood straight, looking forward, trying to remain expressionless. Snoke leaned forward his black eyes searched Kylo’s face. “There has been a change, my young apprentice,” Snoke said calmly. Kylo swallowed. “Change?” “I agree with you about the girl. I see much promise in her, as before I would like you to bring her to me,” his tone is cold. Kylo doesn’t want to push the discussion further, but he knows that he must. “You wish to turn her to the dark side?” Kylo asked a bit confused. He believed Snoke was going to kill the girl when he had her captive before. “Of course, I sense a bond has formed between the two of you. Have you felt it?” Snoke sneered. “I…” Kylo stammered. “Do not lie to me, you have sensed the girl, and she has detected you. Although, neither of you understands its consequences.” Snoke mused. “Consequences? Supreme Leader I do not understand,” Kylo was on the border of losing it although he wasn’t sure why. “She could be the beginning of the new Jedi Order." Snoke's tone changed he was on the verge of manic anger. "She could destroy everything we have built.” His fist slammed down hard upon his chair nearly cracking it. “I can promise you, I will not let that happen,” Kylo assured him. “No, you won't, because together we will turn her. Only together can we do this. You must find her and quickly.” “How? I need your guidance,” Kylo urged. Snoke held up his boney hand and cut him off. “I'm sure you will find a way.” “Of course, Supreme Leader, I will not disappoint you again.,” Kylo turned and stomped out of the chamber and back to his room. Once he arrived back inside his quarters, he tore off his helmet and chucked it into the wall creating a helmet size crater. The helmet was still very new; it didn’t have the nicks and cuts in it like his old one, at least not until just now. What were the consequences of a Force Bond? Were the dreams a result of this bond? He was almost certain what he had seen was a memory, not a vision. Was this something he had acquired in her mind? No, it was something else. She looked at me . He jumped to his feet. She looked at me . Kylo was now pacing, his fist clenched at his sides, as he attempted to decipher what was happening to them. Abruptly he halted when it finally dawned on him. They were communicating, but the bond had not yet formed entirely, which was why access was only gained in their subconscious. This was when they were at their most vulnerable. If I were to strengthen the bond, then... he paused. “Yoda and Dooku” he murmured. He remembered something Luke had told him long ago. If it formed, she would be able to communicate with him over vast distances. If his memory served him correctly, they would be able to draw strengths from one another in battle, know each other moves without having to project the thought intentionally. Together, they would be invincible. OOOOOOOOOOOOOO FINN “Okay, one more time, where is Rey?” Finn reiterated. BB-8 gave off a series of beeps, none that Finn could understand. What he wanted was for the droid to go and get her. He was still confined to his bed, by order of the General. Or at least that’s what the medical droids kept telling him even though they had removed him from the bacta tank. The recovery room was a bit dull, with its wall to wall white paint. The medical machinery beeped incisively, so much so that it was making his eye twitch. He was going to go crazy if he didn’t get out of here soon. “How are you feeling buddy?” Poe asked, appearing in the doorway. “Finally!” Finn said, relieved to see another human being. “I didn’t expect you to be awake yet. Dr. Kalonia just took you out of the bacta tank a few hours ago,” Poe beamed. “I’m great, minus the taste of bacta fluid, I have a feeling I'll be spitting that out for a long time,” Finn flexed his back slightly revealing an external metal device down along his spine. Poe smirked. “You have more hardware than my X-wing.” BB-8 beeped and rolled himself into the side of Finn’s bed."Whoa, little buddy," Poe chuckled. "I have been trying to figure out where Rey is and the droid isn't helping." Finn huffed glaring at BB-8. BB-8 beeped annoyingly at Finn and began rolling toward the exit. “You know I don’t speak that!” Finn called after the little droid. “Poe, what’s going on? No one will tell me anything.” “That’s because I told them to let me tell you,” Leia interrupted. Finn's demeanor quickly changed to that of sorrow, remembering now what happened to Han and seeing his wife's face. She was dressed a bit differently than he remembered. Now she was in a dark blue dress, and her hair was styled a bit more regally. She really did look like a princess, Finn thought. “I’m… I’m sorry about Han,” he began. But, couldn’t find any meaningful words beyond that. Leia lowered her head slightly and gently patted Finn's shoulder. “Rey told me, I’m sorry for what my... sorry this happened to you.” She said with a somber tone. Was she apologizing for her son? Finn quickly changed the subject, “Where is Rey? Is she alright?” “She’s fine, she and Chewie took the Falcon to find Luke,” Leia replied Finn’s eyes lit up. “Did she find him?” “Yes, she did, but I don’t know when she’ll return and we must keep communications down for now at least. The First Order may be down, but they're not out by a long shot. Leia cautioned. Finn nodded. He was just happy that Rey was okay. He wanted to ask her how she was able to get away from him but thought better of it given the circumstances. “Now, you need to get some rest. You too Poe, we should move our base sooner than later, we are going to need all hands.” Leia put her arm around Finn and gently squeezed. “You’ll be released tomorrow morning,” Leia assured him with a warm smile. Finn found himself wondering if this is what it was like to have a mother. Chapter 4 Notes: Hope you guys like this. Don't worry about fully clothed Kylo! Have faith guys; I have plans!! Forgive me for any mistakes I make with regards to grammar and punctuation. I've been working on it hard to make sure it's okay. Let me know what you guys think. I love the feedback. ***EDIT*** In my attempt to rush this chapter I left out an entire paragraph at the very beginning. That's what I get for not taking my time. Also, I was awake for nearly 20 hours straight so that didn't help either. REY Rey had tossed and turned in her bunk all night. Nightmares of her abandonment had flooded her mind. Something about it was a bit off, but she couldn’t quite put her finger on it. Completely exhausted she shuffled out of her bed, and dressed in her usual attire. Chewie had left her Blumfriut muffin, on the table. Rey heard him lumbering about around somewhere in the Falcon, most likely working on the wiring to the airlock. She remembered him saying that it wasn’t sealing correctly, which would be deadly if not corrected. Taking the muffin to go, she stalked off the Falcon taking in the fresh morning air. Dew still lay on the grass, but the Suns were beginning to rise and burning off the morning fog. She loved how gorgeous it was here. The sky was painted beautifully with pinkish clouds. It made her smile even in her grogginess. Luke was already in deep meditation when she climbed the hill to the waterfall. Here he usually sat in the mornings upon one of the two tall and flat lichen covered boulders. Rey didn’t disturb him but instead scaled the other and attempted to mimic his posture. “You didn’t sleep,” Luke said, keeping his eyes closed. “No,” Rey sighed. “We’ll just focus on meditation today then, give you some time to recover.” “It’s alright I need to learn to fight,” Rey insisted. “Meditation is just as important as learning to use a lightsaber, maybe even more important,” he contended. Rey suppressed a sigh and returned her focus to her breathing. “My nephew is very gifted with Force telekinesis. “Gee like I haven’t noticed,” Rey droned. Luke furrowed his brow, “Using the Force mentally against his enemies is his forte. Learning to center yourself, remaining calm when he ultimately goads you into a fight will be vital.” “How, do I keep him out of my head?” she asked, drawing in a deep breath through her nose and releasing it out her mouth slowly. “Unfortunately, I am not sure you can with a Force Bond. However, you can keep your wits about you if you learn to center. Do not let him get a rise out of you, as they say. That’s what he wants, to unhinge you, so your off balance and easily dominated.” “Ugh, he’s such a kirffing...” Rey began. “Rey...” Luke warned “Sorry.” “If he gets to you that easily when he isn’t even here, we got a lot of centering to exercises in your future,” Luke said shaking his head. “I know,” she pouted. “But, if Kylo can read my mind, how can I fight him?” “If you learn to read him, how can he fight you?” Luke answered. Rey looked at him and could see a smirk beginning to form. “We’ll be locked in a stalemate if that’s the case,” she protested. “Perhaps. Now, focus,” Luke urged. She sat on that stone nearly all day trying to keep calm and not let her thoughts wander to Kylo. Now and then her head would slump forward, and she would jerk awake. Luke smiled at her and shook his head. “Go get some lunch; it will help wake you up.” Rey hopped off the stone and returned to the Falcon, grabbing a ration bar, she wasn’t picky. Her clothes smelled of smoke from the many nights sitting by the fire with Luke. She decided it was time to give them a proper washing. Thankfully the Resistance had been generous and let her take a few uniforms with her. After she had changed, she took her dirty laundry back to the waterfalls. Luke had since retired to his hut, so she had the place to herself. There she dipped them in the cool water and washed them. When she finished, she splashed the cold water on her face, which made her eyes feel anew. She pulled off her gray wool boots and dipped her bare feet into the water. If the other scavengers could see her now, she thought, and a big smile crept across her face. How she wish she could just jump in. Maybe Luke could show her how to swim later she mused. Rey leaned back onto the soft grass and stared up at the sky. Ahch-To was perfect, and she never wanted to leave. Rey chuckled to herself a bit. How ironic . Now on another planet, Rey was refusing to leave again, but this time she had a reason to stay, a real reason. Rey watched the clouds pass over, and she tried to make pictures with them. That one looked like a hyperdrive, and the other a ration packet. Rey’s light was eclipsed by a sizable bird flying overhead. She watched it land on one of the meditation stones. Rey pulled herself up to her elbows to get a better look. The feathers on its wings were a soft jade, and his chest was white. It gazed at her with wise emerald eyes, and Rey seemed transfixed by its beauty; as if it perched itself there just for her. A series of Wookie curses broke her captivated gaze, as Chewbacca crested the grassy knoll covered in what appeared to be wires. He wanted her help with the Falcon something about the wires being too far back for his massive furry arms to reach. “Yeah, Chew sure,” she answered. Looking back, the bird had already flown away. Rey shrugged and thought nothing of it. She hadn't had much experience with many birds except maybe the Steelpecker. They were such a nuisance, pecking on her AT-AT trying to eat it always before sunrise, spoiling perfectly good sleep. It wasn’t as pretty as the one she had just seen. The mess Chewie had created almost unsalvageable, almost. He had become a bit frustrated and ripped the wiring clean out when he couldn’t reach the one he needed. Rey spent the rest of the day installing a new wiring harness, saying nothing about the mess to the Wookie. Rey knew he was having a difficult time with Han’s passing. One day, she would ask him how they met, she would love to hear about their adventures as smugglers. It was nearly nightfall when Rey finally finished; she patted Chewie on the back. “Can you tell Luke that I’ll just have something quick to eat, like a ration pack, I'm too tired to stay up much longer,” she asked. Chewie nodded and pulled her into a giant furry hug, thanking her for everything. Rey buried her face into his arm and truly squeezed him back. She loved that Wookie. It didn’t take her long to ready herself for bed, her clothes were nearly dry from the wash, and she pulled them down from the string she had fastened across the Falcon. She ate the energy pudding inside the ration pack and plopped down on her bunk. With one last look around the Falcon, she laid her head down. “Clear your mind, Rey,” she said to herself and closed her eyes. “Where are you?” A voice in the darkness called. It wasn’t an intimidating voice it was soothing, and gentle even. Rey felt compelled to answer but remained silent and listened more intently. “Are you there?” it continued. Against her better judgment Rey answered, “Yes, I am here.” She didn’t understand how she knew, but she sensed a bit of shock from the voice as if it hadn't anticipated her reply. “Where are you,” It asked again. “Who are you?” Rey asked. “You know who I am.” Rey’s heart sank to the pit of her stomach. She shot up from her bunk, and she looked wildly around the room. No one was there; not even Chewie stirred, he remained asleep in his hammock. It was Kylo; he had figured it out. Rey ran out of the Falcon and rushed into Luke’s hut. To her surprise, he wasn’t alarmed when she burst through the doorway. He only sat up and scratched his head groggily. “He knows,” she panted. He called out to me.” “I knew it would happen sooner than later, take a seat,” Luke gestured to a small stool. Rey obliged although all she wanted to do was run to the other side of the galaxy if it meant he couldn’t reach her. She knew it wouldn’t do any good. “The important thing is to quiet your mind, and prepare.” Rey ran her hands over her face, “To fight him you mean?” “You will have to face him sooner rather than later.” Luke continued. “I don’t feel like I am ready. You ask the impossible. We’ve only just started my training!” she growled, storming out of the hut. She paced briefly outside before stomping back inside the Falcon, ready to leave Ahch-To and disappear. Her blood was boiling, as she kicked a box of ship parts across the Falcon. “I need more time! Damn it!” she cursed. Chewie poked his out from his hammock and tilted his head shooting her a confused look. She stared at the Wookie and realized that it wasn’t her anger she was feeling. It was his, Kylo Rens. “Remain calm, don’t let him get a rise out of you, Rey,” she murmured to herself. But damn it, she couldn’t help it. “That kirffing jerk, two can play at this game,” she growled. She knew she shouldn’t do it, and she didn’t even know if it would work. Rey furrowed her brow and closed her eyes . Well, he’s about to find out . So Rey thought of Han and Leia. She pictured Leia’s face when she first saw her at the Resistance base the wounding sadness that had filled her eyes. Rey recalled their embrace and Leia's confession; that she still love her son despite what he had done. Rey thought of Chewie’s sadness, and lastly, Hans face. Soon everything went quiet, and she felt her body relax. That's what I thought . She triumphed. OOOOOOOOOOOOOO KYLO Kylo recoiled abruptly; he hadn't expected this kind of response. She had figured out how to fight back so quickly. She's still unaware of how strong she truly is. She went right for me, with a dirty move... Impressive. A shameless smile crept across his face. He had been able to make her lash out at Luke, and in the process, he had access to her thoughts. He had picked around the ones that centered around him noting that she is genuinely repulsed by the idea of killing him, although he didn’t understand why. Kylo thought back to the fight in the snow. She could have done it then, but couldn’t. His smile grew wider, as he let out a small snicker. He finally understood, she was conflicted and angry. She may not be fully aware, or perhaps she was in denial. But, in spite of herself deep down, she got it, she understood, that they were more alike than different. It was a weakness, yes, but an exploitable one. Turning her would be easier than he thought. All she needed was a little push. But, what could I use to push her? He thought back to the interrogation room, had he stumbled upon anything of importance? He sat quietly and closed his eyes. Starting from the beginning, he thought of how she looked. Rey’s clothes were tattered and dirty. Despite the ruthlessness of Jakku, she remained soft and undamaged. She had survived somehow. He remembered her fire and defiance. Even when she awoke strapped down. Lastly, he thought of her face, how her sun-kissed skin glowed under the dim lights. Her eyes were wild and defiant even though she was terrified. Her lips quivered when she first laid eyes on him. He knew what she had thought, and it wasn’t what she had expected. She had suppressed a gasp and attempted to remain expressionless, but she couldn’t keep her thoughts from him. She found him attractive, especially his lips when he drew close to her. He had damn near cracked a smile at her reaction. If he was honest with himself, he had thought the same about her. Kylo momentarily forgot the purpose of his reminiscing their meeting. His muscles relaxed, his fists unclenched, and he felt just the same as he had while he watched her sleep. Was it fascination, or curiosity? Perhaps a bit of both. He lingered over this thought for a few moments. He liked her, because she was like him, sad and lonely. He wasn’t keen on causing her pain, and she had already suffered enough. He was gentle, although she didn’t think so. She was beautiful and fierce; she deserved more than Jakku. Suddenly he stopped. What am I doing? He had meant to go over the images in her mind, but he had let himself go. He knew he was on the verge of... His realization of his sin sent him into a panic. His chest tightened, and he broke into a cold sweat. Bile rose up his throat, as he swallowed hard trying to keep it down. But, it was too late he was going to be sick. He scrambled into his fresher and splashed water on his face. Kylo grasped the sink with both hands to steady himself, an inane attempt to keep it together. As his eyes lifted, he caught the first glimpse of his face since the fight. The bright red gash, surrounded by black burnt flesh was slowly healing, but it burned. Staring at himself he studied the wound; she had barely missed his eye. Images of her face flashed through his mind. When she had called the lightsaber to her hand, and when she called the Force. She looked stunning like she belonged with that lightsaber, and with him. He had felt it, she drew strength from him, and he finally admitted to himself that he had allowed her to do it. He wanted her to fight him, and he had helped her by pushing with the Force. Kylo now looked into his own eyes and realized; he was not as strong as he should be. Where was the power he was to acquire? Calling to his grandfather for guidance had not led him to greatness. He had only ever been answered with silence. He had disgraced his grandfather and his Empire. Surely Snoke would know, would sense that his pull to the light had grown stronger. "What have I done?" He murmured to himself. He had not sacrificed his father for this. His grip tightened, he felt heat radiate up his neck, and then it spread like fire all over his body. His heart pounded in his ears. He roared as his fist slammed into the mirror. It shattered all over the floor as he tore his surroundings down around him. In the end, he sat broken and bloodied on the cold fresher floor. He didn’t know if he had projected out to her in his rage. A small part of him hoped that he had not. HUX The next morning Hux entered Kylo’s room unannounced. He found Kylo still in the fresher, bloodied fists and asleep against the wall. Bits of broken mirror littered the floor reflecting the light from the doorway. The sink and anything that could tear off the wall lay twisted in heaps. He kicked Kylo’s boot, and Kylo opened his eyes sluggishly. Hux stood in the door taking note of the destruction. His lip snarled into a sneer of disgust as his eyes looked over Kylo’s disheveled shape. “You’re pathetic.” Hux jeered. Kylo said nothing. Instead, he stared blankly in front of him. “Shall I tell Supreme Leader you're too busy acting like a sulking worm?” Hux scoffed. He was sick of these childish antics. Kylo shot up from the ground. Igniting this lightsaber and holding it to Hux’s throat. Hux didn’t flinch, and his face remained emotionless. “Are you quite finished?” Hux mocked. Kylo stared at him menacingly for a moment before deactivating it. Hux knew Kylo could kill him, but he also knew Snoke would be very displeased. “I have news; we will begin the assault on the rebel base in two hours. By then we should have the coordinates you need to acquire your scavenger and Skywalker. Thought you ought to know.” OOOOOOOOOOOOOOO LEIA Leia sat in her office attempting to keep her mind on her work. It wasn’t very cozy, just a single desk, a small lamp, and an old rickety chair. The air was a bit stagnant and earthy. She hadn’t been outside in days. She rummaged through stacks of papers and scrolled through her datapad trying to plan their next move. Her thoughts always seemed to drift to Han and her son. Was it my fault, all of it? Had she not sent Ben away, none of this would have happened. It was the same argument she had with herself for the past six years. Burying herself in work and trying to find Luke had worked up until now. She felt so alone, even though she had been alone for some time. Ben, was all that she had left, and she couldn’t fathom what could have pushed him to do that. Her father had been a very evil man, for lack of a better word. Luke somehow got through to him. How could she give up on her boy? What kind of mother would she be if she did? “Tap tap tap.” Poe knocked on her door. “General, we have information that a strike will take place within the next few hours.” Leia pressed her lips into a thin line. “Well, that didn’t take them long,” she rolled her eyes. “Start the evacuation.” "Where do I tell them to go?" Poe asked. Leia thought quickly, she had been working on a base near Lothal, but it wouldn’t be practical just yet. It would have to be Endor. “Send them to Endor; we've been prepping an old Imperial base. It isn't complete, but it will do," she scribbled coordinates to a slip of paper and handed it to Poe. "Yes mam," Poe quickly turned and made his way down to the control room. Leia quickly followed behind him but turned at the end of the hallway and set straight to the medical bay. "Finn, thank goodness your awake. Quickly now, I need you,” she urged. She could tell that Finn was confused and alarmed, but he followed her anyway. Inside the control room, everyone was buzzing. General’s and Captains all in neatly pressed uniforms shuffled around each other looking at their display screens and talking into their headsets. It was a sight Leia had seen far too often in her lifetime. “Captain Cypress, how long will it take to get everyone out?” Leia asked quickly. “I need at least an hour,” he warned. Poe burst back into the control room, “We don’t have an hour, there already here!" As if it had been rehearsed, the control room rocked. Dirt and debris began falling from the ceiling from the impact. “General we have to go now,” Poe insisted. “I’m not leaving until everyone is out!” she barked. No, she would be the last one out as always, she would never run from a fight. “Poe, make sure all transports carry as many as possible before they depart, they can hold at least twenty, with at least two X-wing escorts,” Leia commanded. “Yes, mam,” Poe answered a little less enthused. Leia turned to Finn. “Are you up for this, is your back is okay?” "I feel good General," Finn assured her. “Good, get yourself to the surface link up with Vober Dand, he’s Chief of Ground Logistics he will help you get everyone on transport. Everyone to Endor do you understand?" Leia ordered. Finn straightened and gave a firm nod, “Yes, General.” Leia caught Finn by the arm, “Finn, take care of yourself, I will see you soon.” Finn nodded and followed Poe outside. “Captain Cypruss, I need you to go also and take the rest of the ground personnel to the transports,” she urged. He nodded sternly and followed closely behind the remainder of the staff. Everyone parted except for Admiral Statura C-3PO and Leia. They stood side by side at the controls, giving orders to their air and ground troops. The ground above them began to cave in all around them. The smell of dirt and burnt wires filled the room. There was no time; Leia could only hope that most of them made it out on time. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO KYLO Kylo impatiently waited for the coordinates to relay to his ship; knowing it would be some time before they were able to send in ground troops. His knights were on separate ship awaiting his commands. He liked to fly in his shuttle alone. His gloved hands squeezed the armrest of the pilot seat. He hadn’t even bothered treating the wounds on his knuckles. They would serve as a reminder, to mind his feelings, as if the gash on his face wasn’t enough. Kylo gave himself an internal eye roll. He needed to hold it together, or all was for nothing. But, he did have a renewed sense of urgency since his outburst the night before. He needed to get to Skywalker and the girl. He would have to kill Luke, and once that was accomplished he would just take her. Snoke wanted her, and she needs him as a teacher. Perhaps, Snoke would overlook his slight slip, his compassion for her. After all, they would be unstoppable together, and he needed them as a pair. Then all would be forgiven, and his sacrifice might have been worth it. Kylo’s musing was interrupted unexpectedly by the red light flashing on his console. The coordinates had come through. All of this had transpired too fast, suspiciously so. Hux was up to something, but he shoved these thoughts out of his mind almost as quick as they had manifested. He had what he needed, the coordinates to Skywalker. Once they were programmed, he hit lightspeed. It wouldn’t take long now. REY The day was bright; the sky was blue hardly any clouds. Rey sat quietly beside Luke on his meditation rock. She had made peace with Luke after her actions earlier. He was more understanding than she thought she deserved. It was hard to concentrate knowing that he was attempting to feel for her and speak to her through the Force. It made her shutter, and he didn’t belong in her thoughts. "Anger leads..." Luke began. "I know," Rey gritted her teeth. She sighed loudly and took off back towards the Falcon. I just needed a break; maybe I could work on the hydraulic system it was a bit old . Fixing the Falcon was relaxing. Jumping down from her meditation rock she began the walk to the Falcon, but before she even crested the ridge, Chewie was walking towards her. Holding out his hand, in it a tracking beacon. Rey sprinted back to the meditation rock. "Luke, we've been tracked," she yelled to him. He jumped up and followed Rey and Chewie to the Falcon. R2 was beeping wildly. Luke listened to the endless beeping coming from the droid. Rey and Luke looked at each other in horror, both understood. "They're inbound," Luke warned as he exited the Falcon. He pointed towards the water, "Chewie take the beach I need you to take down whatever comes over that horizon." Chewie let out a series of howls in protest. "It's what Han would have wanted, now go," Luke pleaded. Chewie pulled his bow caster off his back and begrudgingly complied. "What is kirff he talking about? What life debt?" Rey asked. "I'll tell you about it if we live through today," Luke answered as he scanned the sky. "What should I do? What are you going to do?" she urged. "We just wait," he affirmed, but the worry never dissipated from his face. It didn’t take long until the familiar black Upsilon-class ship came into view. Chewie began firing upon the incoming ships. A single transport managed to land out of sight. Chewie fired a single shot at Kylo's ship, hitting it in the wing. KYLO Smoke filled the cockpit of Kylo’s ship; alarms began to sound. He hadn't expected the assault from the ground and had not activated his shield deflectors. He couldn’t see, but he didn’t need to. The ship began to rock wildly side to side, the warp vortex stabilizers were damaged, and he struggled to keep it level. Instinctively he flipped a few switches but quickly lost power. It was now in a dive. He felt through the force and used it to pull the nose of the ship up just enough to keep it from slamming first into the ground. The bottom of the ship smashed into the rocky ground and toppled to the right rupturing the canons power cells. The fire erupted in the passenger compartment as the ship came to a skidding stop. Kylo grabbed his helmet from beside his seat and placed it on his head. Controls were shorting out a cascade sparks shot throughout the ship. The ramp wouldn’t open, so he slammed the heel of his boot into the cockpit windshield. Eleven Knights of Ren already surrounded his shuttle and dropped to one knee as soon as he made his exit. He was slightly dazed but didn’t show it as he looked around the island and honed in on their location. Without saying a word, he stomped forward towards Rey and Luke. REY "We need to split them up," Luke revealed. "You head up that way, keep Ben occupied; I’ll lure the rest down here." Luke ran down toward the beach where Chewie was, giving Rey no time to argue. It felt like an eternity waiting for him to show. Smoke billowed beyond the small ridge. She knew he had survived the crash there was no doubt in her mind. Rey’s stomach suddenly dropped as Kylo crested the hill with a horde of followers behind him. Dressed in black carrying weapons, but none were lightsabers. “Leave her to me, the rest of you occupy Skywalker,” Kylo’s mechanical voice instructed. Rey stood frozen watching, wondering how this was going to go. Her grip tightened around the hilt of the lightsaber as she held it up waiting for him to advance. Off in the distance, she heard the unmistakable sound of a lightsaber clashing against metal, and Chewie’s bow caster blasting away. Her heart was racing, and pounding in her ears. Kylo was eerily calm and only stood there, staring. The winds picked up, and his cape flapped in the breeze. His uniform was a little different, same menacing helmet. His black attire was a stark contrast the green and blue hues of Ahch-To. He hadn't even ignited his lightsaber; it still clung to his belt. “What are you waiting for?” Rey barked before she could help herself. Regretting her words as they fell out of her mouth, she expected him to lunge, but he remained motionless. Although she couldn’t see him under the mask, she could swear he was grinning at her. Was this just a game to him? He was such a coward, running around in a mask still when she already knew what he looked like. Kylo removed his helmet revealing an expressionless face, and Rey sucked in a breath at the sight of the damage she had inflicted. “Admiring your handy work I see,” Kylo scoffed, tossing the helmet on the ground. He considered her for a minute then placed his hands behind his back. "Have you thought about my offer?" he inquired as he casually walked toward her. "What? No..." Rey snapped back. "No, you haven't thought about it, or you don’t accept? He smirked. Now she knew he was toying with her. “You know the answer to that,” she fumed. “Alright,” he shrugged. “Then let's get to it,” Kylo challenged. His lightsaber ignited, with the same haunting purr followed by the second hum from the crossguard. He was quick, bringing it overhead in a powerful arcing strike. Kylo hit with such force she staggered backward, struggling to remain standing. “I see he’s taught you nothing useful,” he slashed at Rey again. Kylo is faster than before, hitting harder than he did on Starkiller. Rey quickly understood that he wasn’t trying to harm her then, but maybe now he was. She fought him back with a fury of new moves Luke had taught her. Holding her own, she pushed him back. She wasn't going to let him get the upper hand. "I beat you last time, what makes you think you can win this time! She jeered. "What makes you so sure, I was trying?" he mocked. She tried to hone in on predicting his movements just as Luke had instructed but, thoughts of Finn flashed through her head. "That’s it, use that anger and rage to your advantage." Kylo huffed. "You're much stronger when you do.” “Stay out of my head!” Rey bellowed but, hesitated with her next block, and he kicked her in the gut knocking her to her back. Her lightsaber flung out of her hand. It was as if her very breath had been ripped from her chest; she couldn’t breathe. She opened her mouth to gasp for air but she couldn’t. She had the wind knocked out of her before, falling from destroyers after losing her footing. She waited for her breath to return as she crawled backward quickly to increase the space between them. He was going to win this one, she let him get to her, and now she was going to die. Rey finally drew in a breath in a loud gasp as she jerked her face towards him. He had his lightsaber above his head, ready to cut her down. Rey closed her eyes wincing and awaited the final blow, but it never came. When she peeked through a half-closed eye, Kylo stood over her his lightsaber down by his side. “You could be dead right now... if that’s what I wished,” he snarled. “What do you want!” she roared. “I want you to stop this nonsense with Skywalker, let me teach you,” he held out his hand towards her. Rey could almost swear there was a little desperation in his voice. She wasn’t buying it, he was calculating, and she knew if she made a wrong move he might kill her. "You just expect me to go dark like you?" "No, there is more to the Force than just the light," he countered. “You're a monster. I should have killed you when I had the chance!” Rey yelled, then called the lightsaber to her and leaped back on her feet. Kylo was ready; he had anticipated it and only took one hand to block her blow. “You know, I know every move you are going to make before you make it," his eyes roamed over her face. "You would know mine as well if you just concentrated,” he taunted, as he drove her closer to the edge of the cliff. Rey looked down to see how far the drop would be. Waves crashed against the cliff’s base below. She knew she had to get away from him. How could she win? “We’re the same you and me,” his tone was soft, and his breathing relaxed as if they were having just an ordinary conversation. “You don’t know anything about me!" she gritted her teeth, as she pushed him back. But he swung the lightsaber around pinning her beneath it. She held him back, but she had nowhere to go. It was a repeat of their last encounter. How could she let herself be round up like a herd of Banthas to the edge giving him the advantage again? In a last ditch effort, Rey attempted something she hadn't before. It was more instinctual; she hadn't even thought it through, everything happened so fast. Mid-fall Rey realized what a bad idea it had been. She had used a Force push, but it had been stronger than she anticipated. The two of them had been blown back, Kylo went to his back, and Rey lost her footing on the edge of the cliff. She wasn’t expecting it to hurt as much as it did when she crashed into it the water. It felt as if she hit the ground with full force. Her head was reeling she couldn’t figure out which way was up, but she knew she was sinking like a rock. KYLO Kylo was in a bit of a shock, as he pulled himself off the ground. “So idiotic,” he scoffed. “So what are you going to do about it?” an all too familiar voice asked from behind. Kylo turned to find Luke standing behind him. He had aged, more than he anticipated. The wrinkles around his eyes were more prominent but, he still held that proudful stance like always. Kylo was waiting for Luke to attack but, his lightsaber wasn’t even activated. This could be his chance, he could take the old man right now, while he was distracted. “Oh, I’m not distracted,” Luke chuckled, as he walked to the edge and peered over. “You're the one distracted; your Padawan is drowning.” He backed up slowly not taking his eyes off of Luke, “She’s your student, you save her!” Luke raised his eyebrows, “Is she?” he smiled, “no, don’t think I will.” Kylo could feel it, the burn of the salt water in her eyes and her panic; she couldn't swim. "Damn it!" he cursed. He bolted down to the water's edge, not even bothering to take off his boots before leaping into the icy water. He didn’t need to see where he was swimming, he could feel her. She was about to give up and contemplating sucking in water to hasten her death. Kylo pushed through the water with great difficulty, weighted down by fabric as water began to fill his boots turning them into anchors dragging him to the bottom. He thought that she would make the decision to end it before he could get to her. Don’t give up Rey; I’m almost there. Reaching for her though the Force, he hoped she had heard him. At last, he stretched out his arm into the salty blackness and found her wrist. Rey grasped his back, and he began to pull her up toward the surface. Once they breached the surface, she gasped for air and clung to his shoulders. Kylo watched as Rey came back to her senses blinking the salt from her eyes. Finally, focusing on him, she frantically clawed away from him disappearing beneath the water again. Kylo grabbed the front of her vest and jerked her back to the surface. Holding his weight up in addition to hers was a struggle, and he didn’t need her fighting him too. "You need to calm down, I’m trying to help you!" he snapped. Rey stopped thrashing and stared at him for a moment. He wanted to say something but, now he was at a loss for words. He wanted to tell her he wasn’t going to hurt her. Fight her maybe, but as an equal opponent, never to hurt her. He wouldn’t have pushed her off the cliff. She had to know that. But, before he could utter any combination of those thoughts he watched Rey’s eye widen in terror. Then he felt something pass beneath them. Unfortunately, Kylo knew what lay beneath them was giant, and being a predator of sorts himself, he sensed it was hunting. He felt Rey’s body stiffen neither of them moved, and they bobbed on the surface in fearful silence. Suddenly they were both under the water again. Kylo still had a hold of her vest when he finally opened his eyes, catching only glimpses of enormous red tentacles pulling them further down to the bottom of the ocean. The beast had a hold of Rey’s legs but, no matter how hard she kicked she couldn’t shake its hold. Kylo felt the water temperature drop from cold to frigid. His ears began to pop as the pressure began to build. There was only one option left, but he had to let go of Rey with one hand at least. Don’t let go of me. He projected, hoping that she was still lucid enough to understand. A bold and bright crimson light illuminated the icy darkness revealing the colossal size of their opponent. Kylo wrapped Rey up in one arm and swung with the other severing its tentacle. The two of them tumbled wrapped into each other through the darkness. Kylo strained to twist himself around to swim upward, but he felt the rubbery arm wrap around his waist, drawing them both into its mouth. The giant squid's black beak was well-lit by the glow of his lightsaber, but he had underestimated the quickness of its draw. He pushed Rey out of its direction as far as he could without letting go, and he slashed his saber near its mouth. The beast managed to bite a horizontal gash in his thigh with its beak. Kylo screamed in pain, his voice garbled by the water, as he nearly inhaled a mouth full and losing every ounce of air his lungs still carried. He fought to keep his senses as pain radiated through his body. Blood began to swirl in the water, and he knew that more of them would come as soon as they smelled it. They were both running out of time and air. The monster circled back, and then he felt Rey go limp. His stomach plummeted, fear spread through him like fire. His feet hit the bottom of the ocean floor. Finally, he thought, something he could use it to his advantage. Kylo Force jumped as hard as he could, leg burning. They swiftly propelled upward, and Kylo seized the opportunity to slice the squid once more, finally compelling it into retreat. Once they breached the surface, Kylo loudly gasped for air, but Rey remained silent. With great difficulty, he pulled her towards the water's edge dragging her up on the sand. He took the tip of his glove into his teeth tearing it from his right hand and gently brushed the hair from her face looking for signs of life. Rey’s skin was a sickly white, and her lips a pale shade of purplish blue. “Rey,” he called to her, she remained lifeless. Terror shot through him when he realized she wasn’t breathing. He held his hand just over her chest. “I can do this, I can do this,” he repeated to himself, closing his eyes. Pulling from teachings he had not used in what seemed like a lifetime. His brow creased as he tried to find just the right place, then he abruptly pulled his hand back and then thrust it forward pushing ocean water from Rey’s lungs. She immediately began to sputter and cough up the gray sea water. Blinkingly slowly and barely conscious, she gazed at him. Kylo let out a small sigh of relief, “You're alright.” Luke’s, presence was getting stronger; he was close. He didn’t want to leave her like this, but he knew Luke would come for her now. “You're alright now Rey,” he soothed, laying her head back down. Collecting his glove he staggered to a stand and disappeared down the beach, hoping he could get to his ship. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO LEIA It was too late, far too late now, the Stormtroopers had landed, and the First Order was here. Leia could only hope that the others had made it out on time. How could they have been so blind? Leia hoped that their intelligence had not been wiped out. That was the only reason they had gotten out of the last debacle. She had contingency plans in place, and she wished they would have had more time. The ceiling was beginning to cave in. Poe appeared amid smoke and dust, “General Organa its time, we both have to leave. They’ve taken out the fuel pipeline this whole place could go up any minute.” “Is everyone out?” she protested, her eyes glued to the control screen. Without warning, everything went black. The ventilation shafts had collapsed, and the underground base was now filling with smoke. Before Poe could answer Stormtroopers entered the control room, and began shooting at the three of them. They all ducked down, but another bomb hit, and the ceiling gave way killing the Stormtroopers and pinning Leia to the ground. Her head is stricken critically, but she remained conscious. "Poe?" Leia called out but heard nothing. She knew she was pinned and there was no way she could even run. “General!” Poe called through the roar of explosions. “Poe!” Leia called back to him. Poe found his way to her brutally injured himself, bleeding from a similar gash to Leia’s. C-3PO remainded standing surprising unharmed, the falling debris barely missing him. "Oh dear, I think we're done for," C-3PO cried. “The Admiral is gone,” Leia said as she grabbed Poe’s hand and squeezed. She didn’t need to see it know. “Poe, I’m pinned, you’ve got to get out of here before they come back.” Shaking his head,“I’m not leaving you,” he protested. “That’s an order! I need you to lead the Resistance.” “With all due respect General, I’m not taking that order; no one could lead us better than you. It's either we both leave, or we don’t.” Stormtroopers charged through a still standing doorway and began firing. Poe fired several blasts their way, taking out two, three and now four of them. Then one of them shot him in the arm. Poe groaned in pain but keep firing. Leia could see where this was going. She closed her eyes and tried just one more time to reach Luke. Then she found herself reaching out to Ben. If this were it, maybe just maybe he would hear her. She wanted him to know that she loved him and that she didn’t believe he was not worth saving. Please, let them hear me. She begged. OOOOOOOOOOOOOO KYLO How did it come to this? Kylo thought to himself, nearly in a daze. He could have just let her drown, save him the trouble. Kylo limped along the beach, holding his side, as blood seeped through his soaked black robes. Through salt burnt eyes, he could make our several dark heaps lying off in the distance. He need not see them up close to know which ones were gone. Nearly half of his Knights had died, cut down by Luke or blasted into oblivion by the Wookie. Not giving them more than a glance as he passed by, he continued forward. He scanned the horizon where they had landed and realized that the few survivors had retreated in the only shuttle that was working. “Cowards,” Kylo rolled his head back and let out a sigh. Likely they all thought him dead. He was stuck, on this planet with Luke and Rey alone. If the First Order were in the middle of a strike on the Resistance, then it would be a while before they would consider sending any units to aid him. In fact, they wouldn’t be coming at all until he called for them. This had been his personal mission, which was why no Stormtroopers were involved. Apparently, he would indeed need more time to acquire what he needed and the girl. Kylo mulled these thoughts over in his mind as thirst began to distract him. His throat was raw from inhaling so much salt water. He turned back to see if Luke was pursuing him, but he was alone; he had left a blood trail that was being washed away by the waves. Kylo continued up the embankment with extreme difficulty; his leg was badly gashed. His gloved fingers dug into the dirt and moss as his body heaved up the embankment. He needed to get to his ship to see what he could scavenge. “Scavenge,” he chuckled. Bandages and water were at the forefront of his mind. Although pain is something he could use to fuel rage, he wasn’t senseless, and this was no battle. The amount of blood seeping from his leg meant that bleeding out was a clear and present danger. His ship was still smoldering when he arrived, and he rummaged through what he could reach. “How convenient,” he grunted, tossing burnt med kits, to the ground. He peeled the palm of his hand from his side. The bow caster wound had reopened. There had to be fresh water here somewhere or else Luke wouldn’t have survived. He tore a piece off of his tunic he fastened a makeshift tourniquet around his leg but had a sickening feeling that he would need more than just bandages. Kylo limped over the rocky island until he could hear the distant roar of water. He followed the sound until a rather large waterfall came into view. Now he just needed to wash his wounds and... An invisible crushing blow struck him with such force he could barely stand. He struggled for breath as if someone had unlatched the airlock of a ship and all of the breathable air was being sucked into the vacuum of space. Kylo grasped his chest and felt his heart skip a beat. Ben! The voice ricocheted through his head before driving itself into his battered soul. He could hear her - Leia, she was calling out, to him, to Luke, to anyone that could hear her. She had never been able to speak through the Force before, was never trained, except for the few times Luke had attempted it. He felt her pain, and fear, she thought she was going to die. But, it wasn’t death that scared her, she feared she would never see Ben again. Every ounce of her strength focused on grasping tiny fibers of the Force. Leia wanted to let him know she believed in him, and she loved him. There was nothing he could do; he was completely helpless to save her to help her. "Hux, that bastard lied!" he roared. The timing of the assault had been all wrong, Hux had planned it out this way so that he could take out his mother. How could he have known? Kylo stilled himself, and he knew the answer, Snoke. His master had sensed everything, knew his weakness and had taken it upon himself to murder his mother. Snoke had dangled Rey in front of him like bait, and he had taken it. He felt the threads of Snokes hold begin to come apart one at a time. “Not my mother too,” Kylo roared, dropping to his knees. Kylo pushed back through the Force, something that he had not done since he was 15 years old. Get up, get up now and fight back! Use the Force I know you can. I know you know how. He waited for a moment; there was nothing; he could feel absolutely nothing. Mother, please! he begged near frantic. His tether to Snoke snapped with a loud howling moan, like metal bending beneath heavy pressure and then suddenly breaking apart. It reverberated through the Force like a collapsing star. Then a burst of light flowed through him like an exploding nebula, reborn. He pushed it harder than he thought physically possible. He didn’t even know if it would work if their familial bond had been severed. Then a slight nudge, a prickle, an answer. She was fighting back, he could feel it. Leia was using the Force. He sat back on his heels. Listening intently for anything. I know there's still light in you , I love you, Ben. Leia called out finally. Her words rang through the Force and made its way to her only son. His breath hitched in his throat, and he froze. Then as if someone severed the connection with a blade everything was gone, and silent. Was she dead? No, but maybe. He couldn’t tell. The confusion at the moment was overwhelming. Her words echoed through his mind. This was his fault, and he knew it. In an instant with newly found strength, he rose to his feet, took out his lightsaber, and slashed it violently against a large boulder next to the small watering hole. He raged with a fury he hadn’t felt before, even worse than the night in the fresher. Nothing compared to this. Tears streamed down his face as he screamed in agony from his wounds and maybe the loss of his mother. OOOOOOOOOOOO LEIA Leia felt something, a presence in the Force. It was familiar, but yet it was foreign at the same time. Ben, his light surrounded her, the same as the first time she had reached out through the Force when she was carrying him. How fitting she was the first he spoke to through the Force, and now he may be her last to ever hear her through it. She calmed herself; she was listening. What was he trying to say? " Fight, get up, use the Force. Mother, please !" he pleaded. Leia’s eyes shot open; those last two words were all that she needed. Pulling strength from Ben, and what he meant to her; Leia held up her hands and imagined the Force surrounding the slab of rock that pinned her body. In her mind's eye, it looked blue. She took in small breaths and closed her eyes. The pressure lifted from her body as she pushed the rock away from her and in the direction of oncoming fire, silencing it. Poe’s mouth fell agape. Leia looked back at Poe. “Get us out of here,” she feebly ordered. “Yes, ma'am!"Poe beamed as he carefully scooped her up in his wounded arms. "Come on C-3PO!" he called and made a run for the last remaining transport at the base. Leia could feel herself losing consciousness. She didn’t know if she would wake back up and took a moment to push one last message to Ben. I know there's still light in you, I love you, Ben . That was all she could do. Her head wound was too severe, and she drifted out of consciousness. Chapter 5 Summary: Rey confronts Kylo and wrestles with her hatred towards him. While Luke does something unexpected. :-) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) REY The smell of salt was thick, Rey’s eyes felt raw and dry as she blinked them open. A fire crackled from the center of the stone hut, above it a small black kettle full of stew. As she slowly sat up, she realized her body ached terribly. Her head hurt more than anything else, but her thirst was nearly unbearable, something she was all to accustom to. She scanned the hut for signs of water, and thankfully a full pitcher sat across from her on a stool. After rubbing her eyes relieving them of their soreness, she fixed herself a bowl of stew and drank her fill of water. As she ate, she realized it was the same stew Luke had made her first night on the island. Then the realization of everything that had happened came rushing back. Kylo Ren had landed on Ahch-to, and beyond that she knew nothing. Panic surged through her tired body, but she knew Luke had to be alright. Luke had saved her brought her back, had time to make soup, but where was he? Slowly she pulled herself to her feet. Her clothes were stiff, full of salt from the murky sea. Outside the hut the sun was bright but, no one was in sight. There was only one place Luke would be. The tree . She stumbled at first but regained her bearings as she walked as quickly as she could to the other side of the island. Once there she found Luke sitting alone meditating in front of the tree. A bit of a shock considering he had never done it before because he was afraid to show his force signature to Kylo. I guess it doesn’t matter now. Had Luke killed him she wondered, why did she care? Rey kept her distance not wanting to disturb him. She would wait until Luke acknowledged her before asking any questions. Never had she seen him in such deep meditation, it was different, she could feel it as the Force swirled all around him. He unexpectedly opened his piercing blue eyes, and a strange look hung upon his face. Was it surprise or shock? She eyed him carefully waiting for him to speak. Luke’s brows knitted together, “It’s what I suspected, and then again it’s not.” “What do you mean?” Rey asked. Luke rose to his feet and began to walk towards the Falcon, “You Rey, and Ben.” “What about us!” she stomped after him. Luke paused,“I’m sorry Rey, for me to interpret what the Force Tree showed me, wouldn’t... wouldn't be ideal. Force visions, especially ones that show the future can be misleading. The tree did indeed amplify my abilities gave me the capacity to see more clearly. But there is danger in knowing things, like secrets.” “So, you saw our futures?” “Perhaps, it’s hard to say for sure,” Luke rubbed his fingers through his beard; as he often did when thinking. If they had futures then, Rey felt her stomach drop. “Wait a minute. Where is he?” “Somewhere on the island, he’s been rather quiet since...” Luke stopped. “Since what?” Luke ran his fingers nervously through his hair. “The Resistance base was attacked right after Ben saved you from the water. Leia barely escaped with her life, and she called out to him. I heard them, Ben, he… answered her.” “What!” So many questions swirled in Rey’s mind. “I only know Leia escaped; I don’t know if your friends made it I’m afraid.” “Why didn’t you wake me? And what do you mean he’s somewhere on the island? He tried to kill me!” “No, I saw the whole thing. You Force pushed, but a tad too hard. You fell off the cliff by accident, if he had wanted to hurt you, he would have. Just the same as the first time you fought him. He pulled you from the water. As I made my way down to the beach, he fled,” Luke eyed Rey cautiously. Rey stood silently with her fists clenched tightly at her sides and stared at the ground. She raked her mind trying to remember anything she could, but everything was black. “Your anger is clouding your vision, Rey,” Luke sighed. “He’s running loose? Why haven’t you stopped him? Captured him? You can overpower him, I’ve seen you fight. You took down I am assuming the rest of his men?” she asked. “I did, but some got away or ran rather. Ben, has no ship, it’s destroyed. He wouldn’t dare step on the Falcon, not with Chewie on board. Although, he could easily take Chewie. Don’t tell Chewie I said that,” Luke chuckled. Rey was fuming; she didn’t think any of this was funny at all. How could Luke be so calm? “Control your feelings, Rey, you're projecting, again. Besides, he’s injured quite severely. I’d approach him, but his temperament now could make it counterproductive,” he cautioned. “His temperament?” Rey huffed. “He’s like a wounded animal; they tend to lash out violently when hurt.” “Then he should be put out of his misery like one,” she snorted. “Rey, you know that’s not the way of a Jedi,” he warned. “Good thing I’m not a Jedi yet!” Rey began to pace, “Where is he? Luke, I know you know.” Luke pressed his lip into a thin line, shaking his head. “Start down at the beach you’ll find him from there.” Rey turned to head in the direction of the beach. “Rey,” Luke called. He held out his father’s lightsaber, “You need to hold on to this.” She stopped in her tracks and returned taking the lightsaber before resuming her route to the beach. The climb down was effortless, even though she was still a bit weak; she was good at climbing. Her feet hit the sand below with a familiar “thud.” Looking up from where she had fallen, it was lucky that she had made it into the water at all. The force push must have knocked her back far enough to miss the rocky shore. Rey knelt at the beach and stuck her hand into the wet sand taking it into her fist, and allowed the waves wash it back out from her grasp. Like a bolt of lightning ripping through the sky, it hit her. The impact of the water, the crushing weight and the cold. A hand and then something had hold of her legs. He didn’t let go . A creature pulled them under, and with a flash of red it was over; everything went dark. Rey rose to her feet and looked out over the water, her eyes widen with disbelief before backing away. She remembered looking up at him. His eyes flashed through her memory. Not eyes of fear or anger that she had seen before, no, these were eyes of concern. "He didn't let go," she kept murmuring to herself. In a partially stunned state, she walked the beach around the side of the cliff's face looking for any sign of him. Off in the distance, washed up on the shore lay a giant crimson creature. The seabirds had already begun picking at the carcass. The beast that had attacked them lay on its side with a lightsaber wound. Rey walked around it slowly taking in its size; she dwarfed in comparison. A foul stench was thick in the air as the breeze shifted in her direction. Rey gagged, covering her mouth and nose. She quickly continued around it down the beach until she could see rocks untouched by the sea bathed in copious amounts of blood. Beyond the rocks, an embankment had lost much of its vegetation. Distinct claw marks had been dug into its side; dried blood coated what grass and moss remained. He had struggled a great deal to manage that small climb. Rey continued to follow the blood trail until she came upon his ship, no longer burning but destroyed. It would never fly again, the smell of burnt electrical wires assured her of that. Nothing on the island could be used to fix it, not even the spare parts and bits of wiring on the Falcon would be enough. On one side, she noticed badly scorched medical containers, strewn across the ground. Everything inside them had been damaged. “Where would he go?” she speculated, as she looked around in any direction, trying to figure out what her next move would have been if it had been her. “Water, fresh water, to clean and bind the wounds. The waterfall,” she whispered to herself. Rey crept silently through sparse vegetation coming up to the back side of the large meditation stones. Long black striations in the rocks took her off her already apprehensive guard. Apparently, they were made by a lightsaber. “What in the?” she mouthed noiselessly to herself pulling her lightsaber from her belt. Rey kept it deactivated knowing the sound would give away her location. He was near, she sensed it, but there was something off about his presence that made her hair stand on end. Peeking out from behind the meditation rock she scanned the grassy knoll near the waterfall but seen nothing, and her gaze fell before her to the opposite side of the stone. She tried to suppress her gasp when she saw the tip of a black boot. Her heart began to pound; she knew he was sitting on the ground, against the very boulder she hid behind. “You know I can sense you,” Kylo mumbled, his voice strained yet defiant. There was no use hiding now Rey thought as she ignited her lightsaber. It hummed by her side as she cautiously walked around to face him. Her mouth fell agape at the sight of him. His skin was pale, nearly gray, and the pink of his usually full lips was all but washed out. A long rip on his trousers along his right thigh exposed a bloody mess. The ground around him was a dark red, saturated with his blood. His temporary tourniquet had been barely any use at all. A lightsaber lay at his side, and Rey eyed it warily. A faint smirk crept across Kylo’s face, “I broke it.” Rey’s gathered her brows at him, keeping her distance. Kylo picked up the lightsaber. Rey drew a quick sharp breath before he clumsily threw it at her feet. “Go on take it, check it,” he gestured with a nearly lifeless hand. Rey kicked it far away from him not taking her eyes off him. Her blood began to boil, and she wanted to run him through. It was he who had hurt Leia, Poe, and Finn. Heat began to climb her neck and into her ears. He had killed Han. She clenched her teeth together struggling to preserve her composure. Her logical side screamed for her to remain calm. But he saved me. Something was different, but she couldn’t quite make out exactly what it was. She wanted to ask him, a question, but she couldn’t find the words. “Out with it, as you can see I have some dying to do.” His tone was curt. Rey stood silent, considering him; he was bleeding out slowly, and he was going to die. “Why?” Rey managed to ask knowing he understood the context of the question. Her face was one of anguish, torn, between what she wanted to do to him, and at the same time what she didn’t. Fat tears rolled down her cheeks, as she held the hilt of the lightsaber with both hands so tightly her fingers began to ache. His dark dolefully eyes stared up at her from beneath tousled raven locks, “It doesn’t matter, not anymore.” His breaths became more tortured by the minute. Rey watched him struggle to sit up straighter, resting the back of his head against the boulder. “Do it, Rey… make it quick,” he whispered. Rey’s hands trembled, and she shook her head, “It’s not the Jedi way.” “Good thing you're not one yet," he sighed. "It’s an act of mercy, it's more than I deserve, but I'm asking you to do it... Please." A single tear crept from the corner of his eye and rolled down his cheek. Rey's chest felt heavy; her throat ached as she choked back a sob. She drew back her lightsaber; her heart pounded so hard she thought it might burst through her chest. Kylo looked out over the water, his face soft and relaxed. Rey felt him push his feelings towards her; he was ready, he wanted this. Genuine remorse rolled off him and crashed into her, overwhelming her senses. She didn’t know this person who sat before her, willing her to kill him. Was this a test, a ploy ? Search your feelings, she thought, but as she did, she could feel no artifice in his thoughts. Kylo closed his eyes; two large tears fell freely and without shame. Rey could take it no longer, in one swift motion, she plunged the lightsaber into his flesh. Kylo cried out in horrifying anguish, as the saber sizzled. Rey pulled back the saber and deactivated it. Kylo’s body went slack and slumped over to the side. Rey watched his eyes roll into the back of his head and finally close. “Damn you,” Rey gritted her teeth. Kylo was a lot heavier than she had anticipated. She should have known; he was quite taller than her. “You damn half-witted oaf,” Rey huffed. “Of all the idiotic...” she continued. Luke emerged in the distance and walked towards her. “Finally,” she called to him. Luke’s eyes settled on Kylo’s body and then back to Rey’s raising his eyebrows. Night had fallen, and storm clouds had amassed. Thunder rolled off in the distance, and the wind began to whistle through the atoll. Rey sat on an old wooden stool inside Luke’s hut prodding at the fire with a stick. Luke had made his famous stew again, only this time he added fish to it. Rey never thought once about complaining; having a never-ending supply of stew was a luxury as far as she was concerned. “What was that creature, the one that Kylo killed?” she asked finally breaking the silence. Luke scrubbed his hands in a washbasin and then dried them on a shabby rag. “I believe it was a giant squid, although they aren’t natural here. I think the Jedi that resided on this island brought them from Mon Calamari.” “Why would they do that?” she asked. “To guard the Temple,” Luke replied, placing the old rag back down onto the small table. “Good work on cauterizing the wound, he might just live,” Luke winked. Rey stared blankly at the basin of bloodied water. “What’s a life debt?” she asked, finally remember the Wookies discontent about firing at Kylo’s ship. Luke grinned, “Han freed Chewie from slavery a long time ago, it is customary to owe them a debt, a life debt. But, Han and Chewie’s friendship went beyond a Wookie custom. This life debt is forever, if Chewbacca is alive, and that means it now goes to Leia and Ben. I don’t know if Chewie has confided in you but, he's very upset with himself for shooting Ben. It was a reaction, but he feels terrible about it.” Rey said nothing. What could she say to all of that? Ben Solo had more sympathizers than the First Order. “Sit with him, until he wakes,” Luke instructed. Rey’s body stiffened at the remark. “Then what?” she grumbled. “We’ll see,” Luke shrugged and stepped out of the hut into the darkness. “Wait, where are you going?” Rey called after him, but Luke didn’t answer. The storm had moved in directly over the island, and thunder crashed so loudly above them that the entire island felt like it shook. Rey remained inside the hut, not desiring to chase Luke out in that kind of weather. As poorly as Kylo looked, she didn’t expect him to live. At least his death was not of her doing. She had done right by the Jedi code. She watched him throughout the night and kept the fire burning. Occasionally she would reach up and touch his face with the back of her hand checking his warmth, and then his chest to feel it rise. Her eyes wandered over his face in the glow of the firelight; he wasn’t as ferocious as he seemed when he slept. Rey pulled her stool closer to his cot and brushed his hair from his eyes. This was the first real time she had been able to look at him without being under some sort of duress. The scar across his face was raw and red. She felt a small twinge of guilt; he would be disfigured forever. She wondered why they didn’t use bacta as she traced over his moles, he had so many. Rey imagined the different constellations she could make from them. How could someone that looked so normal, who had come from Han and Leia do such horrible things? But, he didn't hurt her. Luke said it himself; he could have killed her just by giving her a shove off the cliff. He could have allowed the creature in the water take her. Kylo Ren had fought for her. She played the moment over and over in her head. The Force vision had forewarned her, but what was she not seeing? She thought back to Starkiller when he had offered to teach her. Then she had gathered such strength… Her thoughts halt briefly. He had given her his strength. She gasped and pulled her hand to her mouth at the realization. He had given her his strength so she could defeat him. Even as she wounded him, he had told her to hit him harder. “He was trying to train me even then,” she murmured. Rey recalled the look on his face when the ground had split between them; she had often deliberated about it. Now she understood, it was sadness. He had not wanted her to leave him there. If she were honest with herself, she didn’t want to leave him behind either. She didn’t understand the pull then, that they had been bonded somehow through the Force. Is that why she felt she couldn’t kill him today? No, she had not killed him because he had not even tried to kill her. As she thought of this, she recognized that not even once since they had met had he tried to hurt her. Even when he had interrogated her, Kylo had told her he would go as easily as he could. She knew deep down, Ben did live, but how much of him was left was the question. Rey sighed and placed her head into her hands. Leia had asked Han to bring Ben home. Rey couldn’t help but feel a little jealous that his family had fought so fiercely. He had no idea what he had thrown away. Notes: Sorry for the delay with the update. I really appreciate the kudos and the comments! I really didn't think anyone was reading it! So thank you! It really does mean a lot to me. I am new to writing and I've tried to keep my point of view straight. I'm getting better as time goes on. Sorry in advance for any mistakes I do try to edit extensively before posting. The next chapter is already finished. I am in editing mode at the moment. I may update before I go on vacation on the 19th. Chapter 6 Summary: And now my watch begins. Rey watches Kylo through the night, but it isn't without consequences. Notes: This is a super long chapter. I could have broken it into two but wanted to get this part out. The rest of the chapters will be shorter. I really wanted Rey to focus on Kylo before moving on. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) REY The storm waged throughout the night, and each time the thunder crashed above Rey jerked awake. As the fire began to flicker Rey slumped off her chair to collect the small parcel of wood Luke had packed away and added it to the fire. She watched it gradually grow and held her hand's close warming them. The nights on Ahch-To were too cold for her liking. The gales from the ocean were at times vicious. She hated admitting it, but she yearned for the warmth of the night sand. Here she was freezing and tending a fire with the monster, the man, Ben? She had no idea. The interior of the hut had an eerie crimson glow. Rey watched the shadows dance against the walls, imagining the shapes of animals; something she used to do for comfort during her nights on Jakku. Without warning, Kylo began to shudder and shake violently. Rey leaped off of the stool nearly knocking it into the fire. She watched in horror as Kylo's arms and hands contorted into his chest. Acting quickly, she pushed her way onto his cot and cradled his head protecting it from injury. Rey had seen this ailment before; he was having a seizure. When she was ten, a boy had a spell of it after he fell and hit his head while scavaging with her. She and another girl dragged him all the way back to Nima Outpost to the local healer. The old healer told her some were just born with the condition. However, the most common cause on Jakku was infected cuts from old rusted ships, when the sepsis set in. Rey knew there was nothing she could do for him, except protect his head until it subsided. “Where is Luke? He should be in here helping me,” she growled. Finally, the jerking began to lessen, and finally, it ended. She put her ear over his mouth and listened for him to take a breath. Sluggishly he drew in a breath, and she watched his chest rise and fall. This was the closest she had ever been to him. His warm ragged breath swept over her lips. A chill ran down her spine, as she lifted her head slowly away. Kylo’s eyes remained closed, and Rey swept his hair back into place letting her fingertips stroke his face gently. She tucked his locks behind his ears. Rey smiled, his ears were, well big. No wonder he kept his hair so long . His skin felt clammy and cold to the touch. Rey pulled a blanket up over his chest and tucked it under his sides carefully as to not disturb his wound. Foam sat upon his lips, so she pulled up part of her tunic and wiped it away. Blood stained her tunic from his spit; he had bit his tongue. Rey huffed, could he be any more of a wreck right now? His brow furrowed, as he began calling out. There were no complete sentences or even coherent words. Rey thought she caught a no and a, please, that’s all she could decipher. “Ben, it’s... it’s alright,” Rey whispered, not knowing if he could even hear her. She watched his eyes begin to flicker behind his eyelids as his face continued to grimace. What is he dreaming? She could figure out his thoughts, using the Force. Should she dare try it on him in his condition? Curiosity won over her any concern she had for him. She straightened herself up, closed her eyes, and took in a deep breath. Hovering her hand over his temple, she gave a light nudge. Unexpectedly Rey felt herself plunge into a room like nothing she had ever seen before. It had an enormous window overlooking a large buzzing city at night. Stepping closer taking a peek she stumbled over something on the floor. Suddenly a light turned on in the room. The walls were a dark shade of blue, speckled with bits of white mimicking stars. Model ships of all types sat upon shelves lining the walls as toy planets dangled from the ceiling. A little boy around five dressed in ivory colored nightclothes stood barefoot by his bedroom door. He clutched an umber colored Ewok with a scarlet scarf tightly to his chest. His shaggy ebony dark hair fell in front of his sullen eyes as he observed her warily. Rey glanced at her feet realizing she had tripped over brightly colored blocks and other stuffed animal looking toys. The little boy took a run and jumped back into his bed pulling his fluffy blanket over his head. Rey stood motionless until she seen that he was peeking out at her. “Are you here to help me?” he asked. Rey’s attention averted to the sounds of loud talking on the other side of the bedroom door a man and a woman. She cocked her head to the side as she glided quietly towards the door taking care not to step on anything else. Those voices were so familiar, she thought. “I told you I have to go; it’s an important race I should be there to manage it,” A man argued. “Oh please, missing one race isn’t going to kill you, Han,” Leia shot back at him. Rey felt her heart skip a beat at the name. “What about you? How many times have you missed things for a Senate meeting?” Han jeered back. “Han, that is necessary. Pod racing isn’t. It’s his sixth birthday tomorrow. He’ll be so disappointed if neither of us is here to celebrate, C-3P0 is not a suitable stand in,” Leia contended. Rey turned back to the boy in the bed and gaped at him utterly speechless. Realization hit her, all the visions or dreams were projected to her when he was actively dreaming them. Could he see her? How could he if this already happened? Who had he been talking to? He was looking where she had been standing before, but no one was there. “They always fight, they never have time for me,” Little Ben spoke to the darkness. Her gut twisted into knots. Leia had said Snoke had been watching Ben from a small age. Rey wondered now, is this what Leia meant? Did she know the terrible extent of it? Rey watched Ben speak into the air at no one, although she knew better. Snoke was communicating with Ben through the Force as his parents were arguing. Who knows what Snoke was telling him, twisting his mind, and poisoning it against his parents. Rey withdrew from the nightmare, of a memory. Now she felt damp and clammy all over, sweating as much as Kylo. His expression would change slightly, periodically, with a curl of a lip or a wrinkling of the nose. She shook her head. Poor Ben , he was just a little boy . Rey placed her hand over his and squeezed gently. This is why his mother still wanted him back and why Han had stepped out on that bridge for him. Han had to of known the danger; he was aware that it was a risk. Yet, he made that walk towards his son. Kylo let out a moan and jerked his body. She didn’t want to know what he was reliving. Still, he was a grown man capable of knowing right from wrong. Leia and Han had raised him even if they had done a poor job. They had given him love, and Leia had shown her so much love without even knowing her. Rey didn’t know if he would make it through the night, but she would be here with him because that’s what Leia and Han would have done. She could do that for them. The storm had subsided when Rey awoke the next morning. She had slept sitting up keeping Kylo’s head in her lap. Not the worst sleeping conditions she’s ever had, but she did have a stiff neck. The color was slowly returning to his face, his lips were full and pink once again. After studying him, she shifted her body slowly out from under him and laid his head gently down on the cot. “Looks like you’ll live after all,” she whispered. Needing a change of clothes and more wood for the fire, Rey stepped out of the hut stretching and breathing in the smells of the sea. Rey strode toward the Falcon picking up sticks along the way, thinking about how she was going to give Luke a piece of her mind for leaving her alone with him all night long. When Rey arrived at the top of the stairs she froze; the Falcon was gone. All the sticks fell from her arms, and she all but flew down the narrow stone steps to where the Falcon once was. In its place sat a large gray shipping container, taking a quick glance she noted it was filled with her clothes, some tools, an old weathered book and some other belongings she didn’t have time to look through. Rey bolted back up the stairs and to the Force Tree, but no one was there. Rey ran towards Kylo’s broken ship, still no one. She began to panic, as she checked every abandoned stone hut on the island. Luke had left her, here on this island, alone, with him. Rey cursed all the way back down the stone steps to the container and lugged it back up the hut leaving it outside. She only put one foot inside the door before she realized Kylo was also gone. As she scanned the cot, her attention was drawn to something shiny that had not been there before. A small silver cylinder lay half hidden under a blanket. Rey cocked her head to the side and bowed through the doorway. She picked it up turning it over in her hands, The First Order emblem on it gave away its origins, a commlink. Heat filled her cheeks as she squeezed it in her fist. She wanted to throw it on the ground and stomp it to pieces. Except, if she were stranded she might be able to alter its frequency to the Falcon, maybe. So, she hid it in the bottom of the shipping crate rolled up in a shirt. If he thought he could just call the First Order out here, he was sadly mistaken. She assumed it had fallen out of his pocket because he wouldn’t have left it for her to find. Kylo had no way off the island that she knew for certain, but she did know that some of his followers had escaped. She didn’t know if she could fight against him and who knows how many others by herself. Why Luke had left her without so much as a goodbye, she didn’t know. She did know that he had his reasons, and he would have had to talk Chewie into it. He must not believe that she was in too much danger, that she couldn’t handle it herself. Now she had to find Kylo before he found his way to the tree. Rey went back to the waterfall, as she suspected, that’s exactly where he was. He was sitting on the ground fumbling around with something in his hands. She assessed the threat; he was weak, there was no way he would fight her right now. Rey decided that she was in no danger physically but mentally was a different matter altogether. His Force abilities exceeded hers a great deal. Whatever this bond was she had to be mindful of her thoughts; control her emotions around him. She had prepared herself before she walked toward him. “Why exactly are you out of bed?” Rey demanded. “Why am I alive is a more suitable question don’t you think?” he replied not taking his eyes off his hands. Rey rounded on him to find his broken lightsaber in his hands. She knew she had to get Kylo back to the hut, at least there she could keep an eye on him. “I have tools back at the hut, and you won’t be able to fix that here.” Kylo looked up at her with his big brown eyes, his hair a mess, and her mind went back to the memory of the night before. Her stomach began to knot. “Come on, Kylo. I’ll make stew, and I’ll lend you some tools.” He cocked his head sideways, and she felt her hair on her neck prickle. He was trying to get a feel for her through the Force. Ever so lightly she projected. It’s okay . Sitting up on his knee and struggled to get up and toppled over in the attempt. Unthinking, Rey caught him under the arm. He became rigid at her touch and wrinkled his brow as she steadied him. They remained silent the whole way back. All he did was glare at her, and she did her best to ignore it. There was no point in getting into an argument; she knew he was weak. It would infuriate him if he attempted to show dominance and couldn’t. Unfastening the lid off the container, she plucked out the small tool kit. Inside the hut she found Kylo holding his head in his hands. She tapped his arm lightly with the tool box. Kylo scowled at her but took it gently from her hands. Rey picked up the water pitcher off the table, "You should drink some water, it will help with your headache.” He took it from her hands and drank the whole thing like someone from Jakku might, which amused her a bit. Rey removed the kettle from the extinguished fire and kept her distance by making a stew using ingredients Luke kept stashed in a separate hut. They had no meat on the island, fish would have to do, but Rey didn’t know how to catch any. When she finished, she frowned at her creation even though she had added extra everything to make up for the lack of meat. Rey returned to the hut, stew in tow and found that Kylo had made a fire. The kettle sloshed as she placed it upon its perch, it would take a short while to cook. Timidly she took her stool from beside his cot putting it on the opposite side so she could face him. He was staring at her still, but she tried not to look directly at him. Instead, she set her concentration on the dreaded contraption of stew she had concocted, taking the time to stir it so that it didn’t burn on the bottom. The air was tense, he had not broken his gaze, and she could feel him burning holes through her. “Thank you,” Rey said as she slowly looked up from the pot. “For the fire, I mean.” “Not for anything else?” his voice was severe and but restrained. “What else is there?” “Oh, maybe saving you from drowning, and then saving you from whatever creature that was” he sneered. “It was a squid from Mon Calamari, and I don’t think you’re entitled to a thank you for that,” she snapped. Rey watched his jaw clench. “If you hadn’t chased me to the edge of a cliff, I wouldn’t have Force pushed you away, to begin with,” Rey looked down at the stew, knowing that she was in dangerous territory. “If you had just accepted my offer, you wouldn’t have been at the edge of the cliff,” he spat back. “Really? You honestly think that I would take your offer? You knew the outcome before it even transpired. If you say otherwise, you're lying to yourself. Besides, you should be thanking me,” Rey straightened herself up on the stool, challenging him despite herself. “For what?” he snapped. “I could have killed you; I could have let you suffer. I didn’t have to fix your leg and then drag you all the way back to the hut,” she argued. “Again, if you would have accepted the offer, I wouldn’t have been in the water in the first place,” Kylo was now gritting his words through his teeth. “Okay, I’m not doing this with you,” Rey barked. “Hand me that bowl,” she gestured to his right. He shoved it into her hands; Rey bit her bottom lip. Remain calm. This had become her internal mantra, as she drew a ladle full of stew from the pot and gently gave it to him. “Eat this you’ll feel better.” Rey made herself a bowl, and they both sat quietly for a moment. Kylo took a drink of the soup, and his face scrunched as he spit the contents back into the bowl. “What did you do?” he gagged. “Oh it can’t possibly be that bad,” Rey took a sip and immediately spit hers back in the bowl as well. Her face puckered. “Alright, your right, it's awful.” Kylo snickered, and a smile stretched across his face. She had never seen that before. Rey hesitated to ask, not wanting to break up the moment, but she needed to know. “How’s your leg?” “It’ll heal,” Kylo said, sitting his bowl to the side. Kylo opened the hole in his trousers and examined his wound, “The bacta patch was an excellent addition to both my leg and side,” his coy smile lingered. “I must admit you had me going there for a moment.” Rey sneered, “Why, you think I’d kill an unarmed man?” “You were conflicted, never know,” Kylo said plainly apparently ignoring her annoyance with him. “How long until the First Order sends reinforcements?” she asked. “They won’t until I send for them,” Kylo gave her another small cocky grin. She raised her eyebrows, “Oh, with the comlink?” Kylo’s smirk vanished in an instant, and his eyes bore into hers. He slid his hand into his pocket and then furrowed his brows in frustration. “Where is it?” he growled. “I smashed it.” It was a lie, but she smirked completely satisfied with the reaction it drew. Kylo was about to lose all control he had over his temper; she could feel it. “So, what are your intentions? Because I hate to break this to you, the Falcon is gone, and Luke's gone,” she continued “What?” Kylo made a move to stand, but Rey quick to her feet. She rounded the small fire and placed her hands on his shoulders. Anger radiated from his body; she could feel it licking at her through the Force. “You're hurt, it will take time to recover, even with the bacta. You lost quite a bit of blood. Last night you had a seizure. It’s when...” “I know what it is!” he snapped and sat back down. Rey waited for a long beat, “Your mother is alive.” She didn’t know why she had said it, but if it affected him, Kylo gave no signs. He just stared quietly at the stone wall. Rey decided to leave him alone for a while; she needed to clean herself up a bit anyway. She gave him one last look before leaving the hut unsure if leaving would be the best thing. There was no threat, at least for now, she thought. Maker, Luke is going to get it when I see him. KYLO He had waited until he knew she was out of audible range before sitting back up. Admittedly, he felt more at peace knowing Leia had survived, but he wouldn't allow himself to think about her right now. His hands instinctively when to his head, it pained him more than his lacerations. Eventually, he would acquire what he came for and find a way off, but right now his stomach began to knot with hunger. If he ate another bite of whatever it was she created, he might just be put out of his misery, and if it weren’t for the hunger, it might almost be amusing. He could have gone without eating, he had done it before, but he understood his body needed it. Force or not, he wasn’t immortal. Huffing loudly he staggered to his feet. His head felt light, and he held the wall tightly until the dizziness subsided. Outside he hobbled toward the stairs. It took him a lot longer than he had anticipated, but he gradually made it to the bottom. Thankfully, there had been a trail to the beach that wasn’t exceedingly rocky. He stood at the water’s edge surveying the surface thoroughly, holding out his hand he felt for life. Lingering for a long moment until he sensed it and then flexed his fingers into a grasp drawing a fish from the water. It fought him as he hauled it through the air to his hand. He stuck his thumb in its mouth holding it tightly and began the long grueling walk back to the hut. He discarded the contents of the kettle in the grass and commenced remaking the stew. By the time, Rey returned the stew was boiling nearly finished. Rey appeared different, restored, he thought. Her clothes were similar, and her hair was down still wet, he hadn’t appreciated how long it had been before. “What are you doing?” Her tone is a bit stiff. “Your cooking was terrible if I had taken another sip of whatever it was it would have likely killed me.” “Pity,” Rey said coldly. “Thought that’s what you wanted.” Not wanting to look at her, he kept his eyes on the kettle but wondered if she was constantly conflicted as he had been. He held out an empty bowl, and he could feel her wrestling with her pride. “Take it,” he pushed. She relented and took it. Kylo watched her take a sip and knew she enjoyed it, but her face held no expression. He wanted to call her out on it but decided against it. She should learn not to project so loudly. Rey had finished her bowl, and he knew she wanted another but didn’t want to give him the satisfaction. “Here, have another,” he said as he scooped himself extra, “shouldn’t waste it.” Rey said nothing but took another helping.“How did you get the fish?” she asked suspiciously. He shrugged, “I walked down to the water and caught it.” Rey huffed and rolled her eyes . Why was she angry? Lightly, he pushed toward her in the Force. She was concerned he had hurt himself. Compassion , she has a great deal of empathy for me, but why? I only have ever caused her pain. He couldn’t help but gawk at her now. He was struggling to read her without her realizing what he was doing. He couldn’t push into her mind to get the answers he desired, without her noticing. So he waited for her to project. Rey looked away and back down to the stew.“It’s good,” she finally admitted, “thank you.” He marveled at her kindness. It was genuine, and he knew he was undeserving of it. “What now?” she asked. “Nothing, we’re stranded here thanks to you and your master,” he sneered at the last word. “Why did he leave you here with me?” “I don’t know,” she sounded almost sad. Waves of emotion began to push towards him. He didn’t know how to react, but he kept his face emotionless allowing himself to feel it. Did she know that she was pushing? No, she had no idea . She wouldn’t want to show weakness to him; he knew that for certain. It was the same thing he had felt in the interrogation room, sadness, and abandonment. Luke had made her feel abandoned, again. Her face began to contort, and she sat the bowl down and left the hut without another word. Kylo could feel her anguish, her anger at herself for nearly crying in front of him. She was so committed to her need to hate him, even though she didn’t. That was her conflict, he realized. They were the same; he had been right all along. He had wanted to use her conflict against her; it would be easy especially with Luke gone. He couldn’t have planned this better. However, something else bit at him; he didn’t know if he wanted to do it or if he even could. REY Outside Rey fought her tears; she watched the suns sink into the ocean. The stars lit up the sky, and she tried to reach out to Luke through meditation, but there was nothing but silence. She strived not to be angry with him; she knew he wouldn’t have done this with no purpose. Her sworn enemy was sharing a meal with her. If she were to be a Jedi, she would have to continue to show him compassion. She longed to save him in the dreams. She wished she had someone to talk to about it. Contacting Obi-Wan or Yoda was out of the question, she didn’t know how. “I’m sorry,” Kylo called from behind interrupting her contemplations. Rey turned to watch him limp towards her and sit beside her. Why is he apologizing to me? “I’d like to be alone thanks,” she huffed. “No, you don’t” he answered. Rey drew in a breath ready to curse him but thought better of it. You’re right I don’t. “I don’t want to be either,” he continued. Rey’s mouth fell agape as she considered his words. She closed her mouth and looked back to the sky, “Why would you admit that to me? Isn’t that weak of you?” she scoffed. She fully expected him to lay into her, to yell, or hurl an insult. “I think we both know I’m incapable of concealing weakness at this point. I can barely stand, I’m not going to judge you for yours,” he admitted. “Why did you save me?” she finally asked. “I told you, I want to teach you. I meant what I said before, you used your untrained abilities and nearly killed us both,” Kylo stared at the water. His tone wasn’t condescending, and Rey didn’t understand where this new Kylo Ren had come from. “What could you show me that Luke hasn’t,” she asked. “Control.” “No darkness?” she pressed. “If you don’t want to know that part, I won’t show you.” Kylo’s voice was gentle and non-threatening. But Rey knew better, but what option did she have at this point? If he wanted to enter the temple or communicate with the Force Tree, she wasn’t sure she could stop him. She took a moment to deliberate; something was off, his whole demeanor had changed. His presence was different. She didn’t know what to think of feel. What would Luke say? Trust the Force . Rey drew in a breath and centered herself, and calm washed over her. Perhaps this is what Luke wanted? Maker, I hope I’m right. “Alright, I’ll let you teach me on one condition,” she finally answered. “Just one?” Kylo sniggered. Rey's eyes rolled, “You must stay away from the temple, the Force tree and you can’t leave my sight.” Kylo let out a snort, “Really that’s it?” “Yes... that’s it.” “Never thought you’d be so reasonable,” Kylo said smugly. “Never thought you’d be so compliant,” she replied suspiciously. Rey hesitated briefly but held out her hand to him, “deal?” Kylo took her hand and shook it. Rey felt her stomach drop at his touch but kept her composure. They sat in silence for a long while. Rey glanced at him from the corner of her eye. His hair was a terrible mess still, but he looked so at peace in the moonlight. “You should get some sleep,” she suggested. “I suppose,” he sighed, the exhaustion in his voice was apparent. “Thank you, for last night. I... only remember parts of it, but you did more than you had to.” He sat up on the knee of his bad leg and tried to bear his weight to push himself up with the good one. Rey stood and placed his arm around her neck pushing him to his feet. She felt him tense at her touch but ignored him. She helped him into his cot and tossed him a blanket. She sat beside him, “I’m not calling you master.” Kylo grinned slightly. “I’m serious,” she continued. “I know,” he whispered before closing his eyes. Rey walked out of the hut and back to her previous spot. She eyed the hut in the moonlight. I’m on to you. Notes: So, my seven-year-old son has absent seizures. I felt like the state that Kylo was in called for more practical medical issues. So when I looked up blood loss, there were a lot of different problems that could arise, but the seizures jumped out at me. Thankfully my kid hasn't had a seizure like this yet, but it is entirely possible. My next update won't is for a few weeks. It is already written, but I am leaving for vacation for a week. I plan to write while I am there. I'd say the whole story is 75% written. But I tend to word vomit, then go back and fix it. If there are any errors I apologize in advance. Thank you for reading! Chapter 7 Summary: Rey had slept in a more primitive and apparently abandoned hut. It was empty, except for a tawny dirt floor and a smooth stone platform for the bed. Staring up at the stacked stone ceiling, she dreaded getting up. Even though her sleeping arrangement was less than desirable, it had been a small price to pay to gain a bit of distance from him, and thankfully there had been no dreams between them that night. It didn’t matter, she could still feel him as if he was laying right next to her. He had become a phantom who had comfortably settled in, nestling against her very soul. Notes: PSA: I have revised chapters 1-6 as of February 5, 2017. The story has not changed. I have written more consciously, with the advice of a fellow writer, Auraki, who I can't thank enough! It was my hope to make it more enjoyable by writing correctly, and seamlessly. I have included a lot more detail to each chapter. Everything is more canon-compliant, and if you've made it this far with me, I highly recommend that you go back and read the chapters again. I promise you won't regret it. Thanks for being patient with me. I have never written anything remotely creative before this. I usually write research papers for wildlife and fisheries type stuff. So forgive me, I got a little eager to post my story. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) REY Rey had slept in a more primitive and apparently abandoned hut. It was empty, except for a tawny dirt floor and a smooth stone platform for the bed. Staring up at the stacked stone ceiling, she dreaded getting up. Even though her sleeping arrangement was less than desirable, it had been a small price to pay to gain a bit of distance from him , and thankfully there had been no dreams between them that night. It didn’t matter; she could still feel him as if he was laying right next to her. He had become a phantom who had comfortably settled in nestling against her very soul. Being in his presence had made this closeness stronger, and she worried about what that meant. She chuckled to herself, how ironic life had been. She had always been alone and hated it. Now, she was never alone and wasn’t sure if she liked that any better. The world seemed upside down and backward now. Rey had gone from living as a scavenger to a Jedi in training, but the struggle for survival hadn’t changed. It was just a different set of circumstances, scenery, and people. Against all the odds, she had survived the impossible. Or was it the will of the Force? Just as Maz had told her, in that dark lit basement barely a week ago, the Force had always been with her. Looking back on it, she realized there had been no such thing as luck. There were times she managed to find valuable parts while scavaging in an area that had already raked clean. When climbing through old wreckage, she had always landed just the right way in just the correct spot not to injure herself too severely. All of this had been chalked up to luck in her eyes, but it was never just luck. It was the Force, and now that she had it, she was being hunted because of it, by a masked monster. A monster that she now had to care for, even though she didn’t want to. A monster who somehow despite the evil things he had done, had saved her. Was that the Force too? Luke had explained the Force to her, how it embodied both the dark and the light, it surrounded every living thing in the galaxy. Thousands of years, Force-sensitives were separated into two categories and battled each other to the death. When would it end? Was she doomed to fight the darkness for the rest of her days? What about Kylo Ren? He had said something to her that was different than anything she had heard. There was more to the Force than just the light. At first, she assumed he was speaking about the dark, but his actions after that didn’t quite match his persona. Kylo Ren was expected to be evil, dark, a murderer. People like that do not jump into oceans and fight off monsters just to save someone. Was it possible that he was both, dark and light? Like two personalities living in one person? It would explain a lot with regards to his rage and then sudden calm. Rey was sure that Kylo had lived mostly in the darkness in the very short time she knew him. And yet somehow, they had managed a truce. Peace brought on by him, the monster, the darkness. She couldn’t quite call his actions malevolent because she could not feel it, as she had in the past. What could he teach her, that Luke had not? She sighed loudly to herself and flung the blanket to the floor. There was only one way to find out, and she would have to allow this, whatever it was, will of the Force, or will of Luke, to play out. Hiding inside a hut wasn’t going to stop it. The Suns were barely making their appearance over the horizon when she finally willed herself to emerged. It was a beautiful morning, not a rain cloud in sight. Rey listened to the sounds of the ocean waves and watched seabirds fly by, perching themselves on the cliffs. Her stomach rumbled interrupting her serenity. The crate sat right outside Luke's hut where she had placed it but the lid was ajar which was not how she left it. She hastily rummaged through the container as her heart pounded. Did he find the comlink? Her panic soon deminished when her fingers touched the small metal cylinder at the bottom. She didnt pull it out she instead left it with the intent on moving it to a safer location later. She then pulled out two ration packets. At least Luke thought to leave me these, could have left me a Blumfruit muffin, though. Rey huffed and entered Luke’s hut, to find Kylo still sleeping, his lumbering arms and legs lay hanging over the too small cot. He had left a mess of tools strewn all over the dirt floor, table and stool. The weathered russet booklay across his chest under his hand as if he had fallen asleep reading it. At least now she knew what he had taken from the crate. She hadn’t bothered to figure out what it was when she first saw it. It must have been important for Luke to have left it. Rey gently grasped the edge of the book with two fingers. Holding her breath, she began to slowly pull it out from under his hands. In a blink, Kylo gripped her wrist tightly and held his other hand over his lightsaber, now attached to his belt. Rey froze afraid to breathe until his face softened, and he let her go. “You can’t sneak up on me like that,” he breathed. Rey was a bit confused at his tone; it wasn’t threatening or mean, it was a genuine concern. She understood being snuck up on. On Jakku, it was life or death; anyone could creep up on you and kill you for your day's haul. She had welded the escape hatch shut on the AT-AT and installed electric shock traps at the entrance to prevent such occurrences. So, she should have known better, especially for someone like Kylo Ren. “Sorry,” she whispered and stepped back unsure what to do next. Kylo picked up the book, holding it out to her, “Here you can read it, he left it for you anyway.” Rey kept her eyes on him, but Kylo nodded, and she cautiously took the book. Flipping through she couldn’t contain her smile, and she let herself feel happy for the first time in days. It was a lightsaber construction manual, with many different types. She thumbed through them all until she found it, a double-ended lightsaber. Craning his neck to see the page she had stopped on, “I can help you make one,” he answered. “With what? We don’t have any kyber crystals.” He raised a single eyebrow, “I bet, there are some in the temple.” Her smile disappeared, and her shoulders dropped, “No.” “Well, you’ll just have to use my... Luke’s old one,” he said, pointing to the one at her side. “Fine,” she shrugged, but deep down she was disappointed. “We can’t practice that yet anyway; you’re still hurt.” A mischievous smile spread across Kylo’s face, “That doesn’t mean we can’t try other things,” he taunted. Rey raised an eyebrow, “Force training?” Kylo nodded. Rey’s smile faded as she eyed him skeptically, “What do you gain from all this? Why would you want to train me if not to try and turn me, use me?” “I admire how strong you are even though you don’t know it,” he admitted. His comment flattered her, but she wouldn’t dare let him know that. “But, if I’m that strong couldn’t I just overpower you? Isn’t this counterproductive for your survival,” she jeered. “Perhaps.” Rey shook her head, “It doesn’t make any sense. Try harder.” Kylo wrinkled his brow. “Convince me,” Rey pushed keeping her eyes on Kylo’s face, searching it for any ounce of emotion. Force, he is hard to read, even with a bond. “I doubt anything I tell you would convince you. I don’t blame you. We’re stuck here until someone comes back. Whether it's Luke or my Knights, makes no difference, we’ll be ready.” “I don’t like the sound of that,” Rey groaned. “You want me to lie to you?” “Why do you hate Luke? What happened between you two?” “That’s not up for discussion,” he bit quickly. That was a sore spot, she thought. She would get it out of him eventually, but for now, she needed to keep the peace until she figured him out. “Here eat this,” she tossed a ration packet at him. Kylo sneered at the package, “Well, I guess it's better than your cooking.” They both ate the contents of the packet in silence. Rey tried to mind her thoughts, but it was proving harder than she anticipated. Luke warned her that it might be impossible which irritated her more. Never once did she think in a million years, someone would be able to read her most intimate thoughts, and it just had to be the one person in the entire galaxy she didn’t want to. Damn it, Luke. Why did you put me in this position? Kylo, let out a chuckle. “Stay out of my head!” Kylo held up both hands, “I am, you're practically yelling at me right now.” Her arms crossed, “Then you need to tell me how not to because some things are private you know. I don’t go poking around in yours.” “That’s a lie,” he sneered. “Okay,” she squared her shoulders, “but that was when you were doing it to me first.” Kylo’s forehead puckered, “That’s not what I’m talking about.” "Wait what are you talking about?" “You pushed yourself into my dreams the other night did you not?” Rey swallowed. Oh. She had done that, but she just wanted to know what was wrong. "I was only trying to help." “You were curious,” he shrugged indifferently. “Do you blame me?” Kylo leaned back on the stone wall and placed his hands behind his head as if he didn’t have a care in the world, “No, not really.” He was still for a minute. “If you want to keep people out, you don’t think out loud in your head. Feelings are harder to pick up on, try to remain indifferent skim over the emotion you want to feel, don’t dive into it.” That wasn’t the response she was expecting. Rey narrowed her eyes, “What's wrong with you?” He arched a sly brow, “What do you mean?” The smugness was rolling off him, and Rey didn’t know what to do with it. She drew in a frustrated breath, “You know exactly what I mean. You're different, telling me how to keep you out, you're relaxed, you feel different... in the force I mean.” Rey felt her cheeks growing hotter by the minute, not from anger but something within her very core was spilling over inside her, an emotion she did not want to recognize. A smile dangled on the corner of his lips, “Do I?” “Stop it,” she growled. Kylo pulled himself back up from the wall, his near smile dissipated as if it had never been there at all and his jaw clenched. “Fine.” Kylo began to fidget with his lightsaber and kept his eyes on the floor, “Ask me something else then.” “Why did you save me? And don’t give me the I want to teach you thing again.” A faint smile flickered across his face, but he kept his eyes on his lightsaber, “Truth? You remind me of myself.” Rey knitted her brows and frowned, “How so?” “Don’t sound so offended. I wasn’t always... what was it you called me, a monster?” For a second she was hopeful. “So, you do realize you’re on the wrong side then?” His body stiffened at the remark at first, but then relaxed and he feigned a chuckle, “Let’s not get ahead of ourselves now.” That wasn’t a no , Rey realized. He was calm and passive. He was not Kylo Ren; this was something else. She dares not think the name. If he were playing games, she wouldn’t be made a fool. Her guard would remain up, but she would indulge him. She tried to remain impassive. “What’s first then?” Kylo grinned playfully, “Rocks.” KYLO Sitting on the soft bed of grass beside the small pool of water beneath the waterfall, he watched. He had instructed Rey to stand on a small stone at the center of the small reservoir. There the water was shallow on one side and deep on the other. Several other protruding rocks created a path to where she stood. “Alright, now what?” Rey asked. “Can you do a handstand?” Kylo asked curiously. She screwed up her face in confusion, “A what?” He raised his hands above his head, “You know, stand on your hands, upside down.” Rey clapped her hands on her hips and looked at him like he was crazy. “I’m serious,” he smirked. She rolled her eyes and placed her hands on the rock and balanced herself. “Alright now hold yourself with one hand.” “What!” she breathed, as her hair fell out of the three buns and into her face. “Just do it.” Rey compiled and managed to do as directed without much difficulty. “Now, move that rock next to your head, the smallest one- put it on the stepping stone to your right.” Rey puffed blowing her hair out of her face. Slowly a small pebble emerged and floated to the rock. “Good, now do it again.” Rey drew in a short breath and found another rock. She continued to build a pile of small pebbles until her collection was becoming substantial. Kylo knew it was all too easy for her, but that’s not why he was doing it. He watched her frustration build as her body began to give out. Rey’s jaw clenched, and he knew she wasn’t going to quit, but she was almost at her tipping point. Nostrils flaring, Rey's breathing labored; sweat was pouring from her brow. “Focus passed the pain, ignore it, only feel the Force.” He knew it was a matter of time, and he waited. Her body began to sway, and she couldn’t help but put her other hand back down to steady herself. “No, get that hand back up,” he ordered. Rey gritted her teeth and pulled her arm back up. It was too late she was falling back into the deep end of the water. Her eyes were tightly closed as if she was anticipating the plunge. Kylo held up his hand freezing her fall midair. Rey peaked one eye open looking sideways at the water and then shot daggers back at Kylo, “What are you doing!” “Saving you, again. ” “I don’t need you to save me!” Kylo shrugged and dropped his hand, “If you say so.” Rey plummeted sideways into the water but managed to quickly grab the stone she had stood on before going under the water. She loudly gasped from the sudden coolness of the water on her skin. Rey pulled herself up out of the water wiping her face and seething. Her eyes shot to his, but Kylo couldn’t contain his smile. “Wipe that stupid look off your face Moof Milker,” Rey growled. “Moof Milker? What are you twelve?” Kylo laughed, “You look like a drown Loth-cat.” Rey stomped towards him and stood over him, chest heaving. Then she wrung her sopping wet tunic out on the top of his head. “Hey!” Kylo chuckled and swatted her away. “You need a bath anyway! You're starting to smell,” she growled and walked away. If it had been only a week earlier, he would have completely lost it on her for being so disrespectful. Only now, he didn’t mind it. He knew why but retreated from the emotion. It was true; he did smell. Since everything had happened, he hadn’t bathed or changed clothes. He had been out in the wilderness for days without washing before, and it didn’t bother him. He sighed, any extra clothing had been lost in the crash. He would have to wash what he had and wear it again. His side still pained him, but as he peeled off the bacta patch the wound had closed mostly. His leg was weak but had healed considerably, although not completely closed. He decided to keep the bacta patch on that wound, at least another day. Kylo removed his gloves, tunic, and the arm wraps. He dunked them into the water rinsing them free of dirt and blood. He wrung the water from the clothes and laid them out on the meditation rock to dry in the sun. Kylo looked around before he removed his boots and his trousers. Knowing that Rey could walk up any minute, he kept his undershorts on. Despite what she may think of him, he was above that sort of behavior. He hadn’t been this bare outside in a long time. Sliding into the frigid water his wound flared but then soothed. He pulled his trousers from the bank, rinsing the copious amount of dried blood from them and threw them up on the rock with the Force. Then he leaned back, dunking his head under as he ran his fingers through his long black curls trying to untangle the matted mess. His skin had a thin layer of salt that he attempted to scrub away. He needed soap; the water wasn’t going to help the smell so much. Kylo felt a ripple softly glide across the bond to him. A figure at the edge of the water caught the corner of his eye. As if she had read his mind Rey stood sheepishly with her arm outstretched holding a bar of soap. Still dressed in her wet clothes, her face and body were turned in the complete opposite direction. Her embarrassment was radiating off her in droves. He swam up to her and snickered. He had tried not to, but he couldn’t help himself. “Take it,” she snapped. Wow, she is flustered. I wonder how long she was standing there. “You know I'm underwater, well the parts that matter anyway. It's not like you can see anything,” Kylo grinned. She squatted down to his level. “I don’t care! Take the damn soap!” Kylo considered her for a minute; she was still wet after all. He reached for the soap, letting his hand hover over hers before ultimately deciding. Kylo snatched her wrist, and Rey let out a yelp before he pulled her into the water with him. Immediately she began thrashing. “Hey, whoa easy, you’re going to cause me to rip open my leg again.” Rey stopped moving, but her eyes burned with fury. “What do you think you are doing!” “Well, you were already wet,” he shrugged. “Figured you could learn to swim a bit since I was in here anyway.” “Your NAKED!” she bellowed baring her teeth. Kylo could tell she was ready to rip him to shreds, but he liked that about her. His brows bumped together in a scowl, “I’m not entirely nude, I still have undershorts on. Get ahold of yourself Rey; I’m not going to try anything,” he relaxed his hold around her arms. “How do I know that!” she huffed. Her eyes raked him with freezing contempt. “I just told you I wouldn’t." Rey relaxed a bit but still held hold of his forearms tightly. “Also, don’t flatter yourself. How do you know you're even my type?” Kylo teased, with a cocky wink and confident smile, knowing it would irritate her further. Frustration crinkled her eyes, and he knew he had offended her. He also knew it disturbed her that she had been offended. He sensed her nervousness, but she wasn't afraid of him. He pushed through the bond, trying to give her peace. She eyed him carefully; he knew he couldn’t push too much, or it would give him away. “So, can I show you how to swim?” Rey crossed her arms, “Like you said, I’m already here.” Kylo kept his hands under her arms. “Put your arms around my neck.” Rey furrowed her brows. “Come on, you might like it,” he winked. Rey wrinkled her nose in distaste, “Are you flirting with me, Kylo Ren?” “Please,” He scoffed rolling his eyes. What am I doing? He was acting just like him, Han. In reality, he had never known this side of himself; he was training to be a Jedi by the time he was 15. He hadn’t had the chance to have any interaction with girls. Well, maybe he had, but he hadn’t as his mother would say, grown into his ears yet. He swallowed hard as Rey relented, and wrapped her arms around his neck. They were much closer now, nearer than he had realized they would become. Kylo felt his heart flutter but suppressed any thoughts. “Alright, now kick your feet,” he said, trying to keep a deadpan expression. Rey kicked exceptionally hard right into his shins. “Ouch!” he winced then glared at her. “You said kick!” she argued, like a whiney child. “Kick slowly, Maker, Rey,” he huffed. She was so innocent; she really had no idea how to swim. “Now I'm going to move my hands down to your waist,” he said carefully, “don’t hit me.” Kylo couldn’t help but look at her eyes, all the different colors of brown and green; they reminded him of Endor. He took a breath and looked down at the water. Moving his hands down to her waist, he pushed her away slightly. Her body tensed at his touch but he pretended not to notice. She didn’t project her feelings or thoughts at all. She had taken his advice, she was learning to conceal her emotions, but she had not learned to control her bodies reactions. There was something feral between them. It was so human, and yet foreign to him. “Now I’m going to pull you with me through the water, I want you to kick your feet gently but with rhythm don’t flail around,” he directed, trying to soothe her. Rey nodded, and he began pulling her through the water. They did this for a short while, but neither of them would look each other in the eye or spoke. “Good, now hold my hands, I’m going to do the same thing.” He could tell she was reluctant but complied; she was afraid of going under that was apparent. He didn’t blame her, after what she had been through. “It’s alright; I won't let you go,” he assured. Rey stared, unmoving. “I promise,” he soothed. He pulled her through the water making circles in the small pond. “Alright, now let go of one of my hands. Stay upright and kick your feet to stay up.” She was nearly crushing his fingers she held him so tightly. Rey kicked a little harder than before. He nodded heartily, “See you can swim, now let go of me.” Rey’s eyes widened. “I won't let you go under; I’ll catch you.” He was doing his best to calm her. But he knew she didn’t trust him, not yet at least. Slowly she released him from her grip and bobbed a little bit but kept herself up. Rey’s eyes lit up and flashed a huge toothy smile. He backed up slightly and held out his hands, “Now, use your hands to paddle towards me.” Rey looked a bit ridiculous, but she managed to get to him. Kylo placed his hands back under the arms and took her back to the edge of the pool, lifting her up and sitting her on the side. She stared at him for a moment. Kylo wanted to say something, but he didn’t know what to say. “Soap,” he said quickly, trying to move passed the awkward silence. Rey sighed and handed him the soap. She stood and walked in the direction of the huts without looking back. His body was cold, but he finished washing his hair and body. He climbed out of the pool without too much difficulty, but when he went to retrieve his clothes they were gone. She must have taken them when he wasn’t paying attention. If he weren’t freezing, he might have thought it was funny. A wicked smile stretched across his face, “Alright scavenger; I’ll play.” REY Rey leaned near the newly lit fire inside the hut, wrapped up in a warm blanket and dry clothes. Her face was beaming with self-satisfaction; she had gone swimming for the first time. Kylo had been so kind and gentle with her. Why? She knew the answer; he was trying to get her to trust him. Even so, she was grateful. They were on an island after all, and chances were good, she would need this skill in the future. A pile of black clothing sat on top of his cot, and she eyed it with a gleam of deviltry. How she wished she could have seen the look on his face. Yes, it was childish, but so was pulling her into the water. Everything he did was to get a rise out of her. At least they were no longer trying to kill each other. Rey had minded her thoughts all day and didn’t realize how exhausting it was. Hopefully, she hadn’t projected anything embarrassing earlier, Kylo had not mentioned it if she had. Rey rested her chin in her palm and poked the fire letting it breathe. She wondered what was taking Kylo so long. Rey’s head snapped up at the thought. Was he at the Force tree? Was he trying to enter the temple? Shooting up from her seat, she burst out the doorway of the hut only to be met with Kylo’s black mask. “AHH!” he shouted at her. Instinctively reacting she kicked him in the gut knocking him to the ground. He grabbed his side and groaned loudly. “What the Hell Kylo!” she roared. He sat up still clutching his side. Rey immediately noticed blood seeping from his wound. Without a thought, she dropped to her knees in front of him and placed her hands on his side. Kylo instantly recoiled in pain. Rey pulled his arm over her shoulders and helped him to his feet,“Come on, easy, into the hut.” Kylo collapsed onto the cot writhing in pain as Rey pulled her wooden stool to his bedside. “Let me look, and take that damn thing off,” she barked. The palm of his hand was covered in fresh bright red blood when he finally released his side. The helmet hissed as he unclasped it and sat it beside the cot. Rey’s lips set in a grim line as she fumbled around in an old brown satchel of Lukes, removing the last bacta patch. “Lay back,” she ordered. Kylo complied silently, but his eyes remained on her. Rey ignored his gaze and wiped his wound clean before applying the new bacta patch. “Better?” she asked. Kylo sighed in relief, “Much.” When she finished, she wiped the blood from her hands and abruptly left the hut. Kylo needed warm, dry clothes, and Rey knew there were some in the bottom of the container. Rey had rummaged through the crate and found what she was looking for, but recoiled when she realized what it was. She eyed the shipping crate with a deep frown twisting her fingers around the edge of her tunic, pacing back and forth in front of it. If Luke had done it purposely, it was bold of him. Luke still held out hope Ben could be saved, but this, doing this could cause the opposite reaction. Was it too soon? It had only really been a day since he stopped trying to fight her, and that was mostly because he was too injured. Or at least that’s what she had been telling herself because whether or not she felt he was different was irrelevant. It could all be a ruse, and she wasn’t that in tuned with the Force to recognize the difference. Why would Luke put these in here if not to at least try? She had no way of knowing, perhaps Chewie had suggested it? Rey’s stopped and slumped her shoulders. Deciding against her better judgment, she pulled out the navy trousers with a red stripe down the length of the seam, a cream-colored shirt, and an old brown vest, knowing exactly who they had belonged to given their age. If this isn't a test, I don’t know what is. This could end very badly; he could completely lose it on me. Then again, he could show his true colors. She did her best to contain her emotions, although her thoughts lingered on what Han had died for. She could risk it, for Han. Rey bundled the clothes in her arms and touched her fingers to her lightsaber clipped on her belt just to make sure it was still there before she returned to the hut. “Here,” she tossed the clothes at him, acting as casual as her nerves would allow. “I’m not sure if they will fit, but anything is better than your depressing attire.” Kylo shifted the clothes in his lap and held them up. Rey awaited the curses the anger, but he was silent. She stared at him, her anxiety rising. He wrinkled his nose, “do you know -how old- this is?” “Does it matter?” she shrugged, trying not to give away her fear. “Yes- it -matters. I’ll wait for my clothes to dry. You can take it back. I can't wear that,” Kylo’s tone was flat and terse. “Why?” she pushed, feigning ignorance. The muscles in his face tightened, and he strained an expressionless face, “You know why.” His fist clenched around the old shirt. She was right, bad idea. “Alright, I'm sorry. But..” “No- no but… we’re not talking about this. Do you understand me? Your opinions of me are misguided. Don’t think I don’t know what you're doing,” he gritted his teeth. He was coming undone. “What am I doing then? Tell me?” Rey snapped. A bit angrier than she had wanted to show, but she had enough of the emotional changeling Kylo was. “You can’t change me. The boy you desperately want to save, he's gone. He died nearly six years ago. You can try to dress me up in my father's clothes if you like but it won't change what I am,” he said irritably. His face was crimson with fury, but she could tell he was restraining, himself from yelling. This is the most she had gotten out of him, so she pushed further. “What are you exactly? You're, not a Sith. Then what the are you?” “I’m just Kylo Ren. Nothing more, Nothing less.” Rey threw up her hands in defeat, “So you're just going to sit there in your underpants.” “Yup,” he snapped. “You're impossible.” Rey stomped out of the hut towards the shore, kicking rocks and cursing the whole way. Such a spoiled, rotten, stuck up, Nerfherder! I shouldn’t give two bantha ticks what he is! Rey walked the beach grumbling to herself. What was today? Why did I let him get so close to me? Was he just toying with me the whole time? Or was it genuine? She wanted answers; she needed to understand what Luke thought she would gain from all of this? If it was a lesson on compassion boy, he was testing her limits. Was it as Kylo said? Impossible? Why did it even bother her? He wasn’t anything to her, except her tormenter. He was up and then he was down. He was helpful, gentle and then he was volatile and almost cruel. He's two different people. Maybe Kylo was right she was like him. One minute she wanted to help him the next she wanted to choke the life out of him. He was driving her crazy. If she were honest with herself, her hatred for him was lessening by the day. Which she realize could be dangerous territory she ought not to be trespassing. She needed to keep the peace, keep the calm that they had somehow created. Damn it, Luke, you owe me. KYLO He hadn’t been sure if it had been her goal, or if she knew what she was doing. If she did, she was terrible at it. However, she had increasingly grown stronger. He didn’t know how much longer he could block her from his mind and that’s the last place he wanted her meddling. She was doing a good job blocking him. She still had a hard time not wearing her emotions, just like now, she had been so hopeful, and he crushed it. As if dressed in a dead man's clothing would mean anything to him. I’m taller than Han; the pants wouldn’t have fit anyway. He bit the inside of his cheek; he couldn’t think of Han. Damn her! Rey unexpectedly returned to the hut. “You're right, I’m sorry.” Kylo cocked his head curiously, but he said nothing. He wasn’t quite angry with her, but with the idea, she had conjured. Rey held out her hand, “Give me your old, clothes.” He obliged, and she turned her nose up at them. Rey began rummaging through the different compartments of Lukes storage along the back wall of the hut. “What are you doing?” he asked. “I’m going to fix the tear in them and then, hang them to dry,” she answered calmly, and he felt the tension in the hut finally dissipated. “I’m tired of looking at you sitting there half naked,” she added. He shouldn’t make the joke, but he couldn’t help it. “Oh please, you like what you see.” She didn’t bite but she did narrow her eyes at him before returning her attention back to his trousers. What is she thinking right now? He could see that she wasn’t entirely focused on stitching his pants. His forehead puckered,“What?” Rey inhaled a deep breath and blew out slowly, “You, you're, I don’t know what you are,” she shook her head keeping her eyes down at her work. “Mission accomplished then.” Rey rolled her eyes and continued to ignore him, which he found he didn’t like so much. It didn’t take her long, and the stitch was a bit lopsided. Kylo dare not criticize it; he knew that would be a bit too far, for now anyway. She stood and hooked a string across the hut then hung the clothes over it. “They’ll dry faster,” she said, still not looking at him. They sat in silence for a while. Rey kept her gaze fixated on the fire, periodically poking it with a stick. Kylo wanted to talk to her, it helped keep his mind off of his parents, but he didn’t know what to say. Rey finally broke the stalemate. “Why do you wear all black? I mean you cover yourself head to toe.” “It intimidates the enemy,” he shrugged. “I mean, you were scared until you seen my face.” Rey frowned, “Why did you do that?” “I needed you to trust me,” he confessed. A small smile crept over Rey’s face, “I guess you really want me to trust you right now then.” He couldn’t help but laugh, but so did Rey. It was a bit ridiculous, him sitting there like that. Then awkward silence settled, and he was unexpectedly nervous. He picked up his lightsaber and turned it over in his hands, trying to distract himself. “Did you fix it?” she asked. “Yeah, last night, couldn’t sleep.” “Can… Can I look at it?” Rey timidly asked. Her request took him off guard, but he didn’t show it. Instead, he indulged her curiosity. “Sure,” he said handing it over to her. He watched her inspect the crack in the hilt he had repaired not that long ago. Her fingers ran along its edge, “Is that from me?” “Yes, and it wasn’t an easy repair.” She gazed up at him briefly, and he thought he caught a devilish gleam in her eye at his reply. He had to admit he admired that about her; that it had satisfied her to have given him so much trouble. “You can turn it on if you want.” He knew she wanted to he could see it in her eyes. “Go on; I know you want to. It's just a lightsaber; it's not going to turn you to the dark side,” he teased. Rey held it out to the side towards the doorway and ignited it. It hummed erratically, as she studied it, in wonder. He watched Rey intently; her skin bathed in a red glow, the Force radiated from her. Then an old ominous feeling flooded the back of his conscious. In a flicker, a vision flashed through Kylo’s mind. Rey stood over him holding his lightsaber, bathed in the same red glow, smiling at him. He blinked, and it was over. What the kirff was that he wondered? “What’s wrong,” Rey asked. He blinked owlishly for a moment before shaking the thought out of his head. He extended out his hand to take it back from her, “Nothing, it's unstable, be careful.” Rey deactivated it and handed it back, “Unstable?” “The kyber crystal is cracked,” he continued. “Why not get a new one?” Kylo shrugged, “I kind of like it this way.” Rey raised her eyebrows at him, “I can't imagine why.” Kylo suppressed a smile, standing to check his clothes; thankfully they were dry. He could feel Rey starring at him, but he didn’t call her out on it. Instead, he pretended to fiddle with his clothes unpinning them from the line, as he peaked through the clothing he caught her looking at his stomach, but then she averted her eyes to her feet. Kylo sat back down waiting on bated breath for her to say something. Rey’s cheeks were scarlet. “I’ll leave you to it then. I should gather- something for us to eat,” she said getting up to exit the hut. “Please don’t make your stew again!” he called to her. “I still don’t think it was that bad,” she called back. Oh, yes it was . “Wait! I’ll show you how to do it!” Kylo quickly pulled his clothes on before stumbling out the door after her. Notes: I hope you guys have enjoyed the update! If you get a chance leave me a comment! I love them!