As soon as Kylo Ren was able to leave the medbay, he couldn’t have gotten out any quicker than he did, practically breaking the clean metal doors with the force and scaring a few medical staff members. Small groups of troops straighten in alarm as Ren abruptly storms past them, fearing for their lives so much that they wisely say nothing to the most likely angry black mass of swirling robes. In reality, though, Ren wasn’t mad for once, rather he was terrified, lonely, confused. Luckily, those emotions weren’t visible with his new cowl’s hood pulled down over his eyes. His mask had been burnt to nothing in the destruction of Starkiller so this was his best alternative. He’d make a new one, needing the filter, because he felt like he could barely breath in the disgusting recycled air of the Finalizer. Imagining breathing fake air makes his anxiety worse and his head swim, disorienting him as he clears multiple long steel hallways lined with occasional flashing control panels that he should be breaking, but isn’t. Ren walks right past his quarter's door at first, distracted, so he has to backtrack, embarrassed although the area surrounding him is deserted. He punches in the security code so roughly one of the buttons gets stuck and cracks. Ren assumes it probably won’t work anymore after that. He doesn’t care however, more focused on just getting into his room and away from everything else, the brightness giving him a headache. He steps in, the hissing doors shut behind him, finally cutting off the Finalizer’s blinding artificial lighting. Ren doesn’t even bother trying to make it to his bed before his psyche takes a hold of the rest of his body, causing him to sink down to the floor, his back sliding against freezing metal, shaking. He rips his cowl and gloves off, discarding them somewhere he really wasn’t all that concerned about at the current point in time. His large, burnt palms come up to his face to wipe at his eyes as he began to cry with absolutely no grace, hiccuping and shaking, curling into his large frame to try and shrink into nothing. Dark energy pools and gathers around him, dragging him down like stormy ocean waves, and he panics as he feels hands that aren’t actually there grab at his neck. Nobody is near him to use the force, it’s just his imagination and paranoia. “It’s okay,” Ren whispers, over, and over to himself, rocking back and forth subtly as he cries and tries to convince himself he is safe. Really, he’ll never be safe, he’ll never be loved again, and he chokes on nothing, wanting to scream. He of course tries, but no noise comes out, throwing him deeper into his breakdown, further shattering his already cracked mind. His hands claw at the floor desperately as he feels the light grabbing at him, battling the dark and pulling him apart at the seams, destroying him. Ren’s head snaps up so sharply it hits the door he’s leaning against when very, very familiar footsteps echoing through the force take him out of his panic. They are accompanied by their signature, unique heartbeat. It was beating much more rapidly than usual, though, and Ren flinches, realizing the man approaching is probably angry with him and coming to yell. He pulls himself up on shaky legs that felt like water, hastily pulling his robes off with large trembling fingers, throwing them into some dark corner before climbing into bed cautiously. He took deep, even breaths, trying to calm his own heartbeat so they would think he’s sleeping and just leave him alone. He almost, just barely, avoided crying out when three sharp, even knocks fell upon his door. Ren doesn’t move, doesn’t breath, not daring enough to test his luck. Dead silence follows, save for Ren’s rasping breaths, and then the small beeping noises of somebody entering the override code. He panics, scrambling up and holding his arm out to the door, keeping it forcefully shut as it tries to open. It only manages a smidge, letting in the lighting from outside, making Ren narrow his eyes that had adjusted to the darkness of his quarters. The person huffs in annoyance, trying to peer through the crack, but their eyes were too used to the brightness to see through the dark Ren is currently bathed in. “Ren?” they call, their voice sprinkled with light anxiousness, watching the force fight the mechanics of the opening doors, which were creaking and groaning loudly now. Ren can feel those blue eyes on him, somehow, and then the tendrils of light that had stabbed him earlier crawl back out from the depths. His resolve cracks, his hand unraveling the strings the force held tightly around the door. The doors slam open deafeningly, making the man outside actually yelp in surprise, and Ren can’t believe he actually heard that, it must’ve been his imagination, had to be. “Ren?” they ask, again. He doesn’t move, hardly breathes, as they look at him still in his sitting up and reaching position, he can’t pretend to be sleeping now. But he tries anyways, laying back down fast and pulling his black sheet over top of him, curling into a tight ball, tears threatening to slip out again. They walk over, their footsteps echoing in the room, “Ren. I know you are not sleeping, you can’t sit up and use the force in your sleep, stop hiding.” He’s standing in front of the bed now, the doors still feebly closing behind him, damaged from their battle with Ren’s powers. He said nothing after that, watching Ren so fiercely his skin crawled, and he couldn’t help but move just a little. Ren gave up. “Please,” he whispers brokenly, “go away.” The tears that had slowly been rolling down his face come more frequently now, dripping down onto the bedsheets, and the man behind him becomes even more rigid than already is. “Please!” he begs, lifting up his upper body and leaning on his hands, his hair hanging down in a mess, covering his strange facial features and fresh scar. The man met Ren’s tear-reddened eyes with concerned, cool ice-blue ones, reaching out but stopping short of Ren’s scarred arm, hesitant. “Hux,” Ren squeezes out, his arms wobbling slightly as they get tired of holding his body up. Small, nervous, pale hands grab his face as Hux moves from the front of the bed to the side of it in a blur of movement that Ren can hardly register with the limited oxygen he’s providing himself. “Ren,” he says, voice softer now, “Kylo.” Ren heaves out a long sob, and one of the hands trail up his soaked face into his soft hair, pushing it out of his eyes. Hux sits down, but Ren doesn’t move, his expression wild and confused like a caged animal. Though, the slim fingers rubbing his scalp and combing through his hair feels so nice, and he relaxes against his will, moving into the touch like a needy pet. The hand holding his undesirable face slides down to his back, motioning silently for him to move, and he finally relents, placing his head in Hux’s lap and leaning against him. He was usually colder than Ren, but still warm enough for Ren to know there was an actual person sitting there. His large hands grip at Hux’s clothing. “I don’t-” Ren squeaks, as smooth thumbs try to wipe away the waterfalls on his cheeks, “I don’t understand.” His voice cracks on the end of his sentence, making him sound even more pitiful, and he stiffens, burying his face in his arms. “I-- this is my fault- I’m the one who allowed your weapon to be destroyed, why are you being kind to me? I don’t get it.” The hand pushing through his dark locks stops, causing Ren to shrink away from the general, believing he’d finally outlived his usefulness now. “I’m ugly, I break things and obviously you only like me for the sex I can provide-” he cuts himself off, realizing he’d said a lot more than he was probably ready to talk about right now, and he wipes his eyes. “Why bother showing me affection that isn’t- that isn’t real? It’s a waste of time.” He looks up at the other with his puppy-like eyes and is shocked to see Hux’s gaze full of shame and sadness, realizing that he was responsible for Ren crying the way he is now, and the way he has many times before. "I know,” Hux mumbles quietly, bending his lithe body over Ren to nuzzle his face, silently appreciating every asymmetrical thing about it. Ren scoots his head back onto Hux’s lap, still sniffling and pawing at his damp eyes. Strong arms pull Ren against Hux’s chest, effectively trapping him in a not entirely unpleasant embrace, his wavy black hair blending with the fabric of Hux’s uniform. Ren barely registers the faint, soothing rocking of his and Hux’s bodies, too tired from the extremity of this mental breakdown, and he yawns. The yawn turns into a hum of satisfaction as he is nuzzled and pet, looked fondly upon by ocean blue eyes, and held by arms that command starships. He sighs happily, allowing his exhaustion to take over his limbs, coaxing him into a content slumber. Notes: i hope u enjoyed reading!! please let me kno if there's any mistakes i can fix or something i can improve upon im already making the prequal for this so stay tuned also i couldnt get ao3 to keep my paragraph indents?? sorry! title is lyrics from you by keaton henson Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Just Live series