Tuesday, December 24, 1963 Llewyn was already slightly drunk by the time they left for the party: he’d baked a rum cake and then finished off the leftover rum. He’d spent the past week complaining about having to go. “You don’t even like anyone at your office,” Llewyn had said when Arthur told him about it. “Why you gotta spend Christmas Eve with them?” “You know I’m up for that promotion,” Arthur said. “I have to go. But you don’t have to, you can stay home.” “I’m not staying home. I’m not letting you go to a party with a bunch of drunk secretaries by yourself,” Llewyn told him. “I’m not interested in any secretaries,” Arthur pointed out, “and they’re not interested in me. Besides, I’ve been telling everyone I’m married.” “They won’t believe that until they see your wife,” Llewyn said. “Anyway, I’m sure my boss would remember you,” Arthur continued. “He was pretty mad when he fired you last year. And why would I be taking a man to a Christmas party?” “You won’t be taking a man,” said Llewyn. “You’ll be taking your wife.” Arthur looked at him over the table. They were eating dinner, and Llewyn looked back at him as he picked up a chicken drumstick and bit into it. Finally, Arthur said, “Llew, my office isn’t the best place for you to be kinky.” “I’m not being kinky,” Llewyn said. “I’m being practical. You went and told them you have a wife, so you’re going to show up with a wife. Nothing kinky about it.” He tried to spear an English pea on his fork, and it rolled away from him. Llewyn said, “Fuck,” tried again, and got the pea. “You’re the one making it into something kinky,” he went on after eating the pea. “I bet you’re getting hard right now, thinking about taking me to your office in a dress and showing me off.” “I am not getting hard,” Arthur lied. “It’s a ridiculous idea. Even if no one recognizes you from last year, someone’s gonna figure out you’re a guy.” “No, they won’t,” said Llewyn. “I’ll shave. And I’ll wear makeup. I’ll pass. You’re not going to that party without me, Al.” He got up and carried his empty plate into the kitchen. “Don’t call me Al at the party,” Arthur called after him. “You’ll just confuse everybody.” “Don’t piss me off,” Llewyn yelled back, “and I won’t call you Al.” Arthur started clearing the table, and when he came into the kitchen, he said, “Sometimes you call me Al when we’re fucking, too.” “Only when you’re wearing that stupid cowboy hat,” Llewyn said. “So don’t wear it to the office, and don’t fuck me when we get there, and I won’t call you Al.” -- Llewyn kept complaining about the party, but he still insisted he was going, so Arthur told them at work that his wife was coming and they’d bring a dessert. Llewyn bought a dress, and when Arthur got home from work on Christmas Eve, Llewyn was already wearing it. He’d waxed instead of shaved, and somehow he’d figured out how to do the makeup right. Except for his nose being too big and his hair not being big enough, he did look like a woman, and Arthur thought he’d probably pass after all. Llewyn was leaning back on the couch with the near-empty rum bottle in his hand. He let Arthur kiss him, but when Arthur tried to reach up the full, knee-length skirt of his red dress, Llewyn slapped his hand away. “You can fuck me when we get home,” he muttered. “You’ll ruin my makeup if we do it now, and anyway, you still need to get ready.” Arthur took a shower and put on a nicer suit; then he got Llewyn and the rum cake into the car. Llewyn wasn’t drunk enough to be much trouble—in fact, the slight sway he had to his walk made him all the more womanly, and Arthur stayed hard halfway to the office. He only lost the erection when Llewyn started bitching again about having to go. Sometimes when he was drunk, Llewyn got horny, but more often, he got aggressive. Arthur spent the rest of the drive trying to decide if he should let Llewyn drink any more at the party, or not. He finally decided he had an equal shot at getting laid either way, and there was always the chance that Llewyn would end up horny and aggressive. “Do you like this dress?” Llewyn asked on the way. “Yes,” said Arthur. “You’d better. It’s a pain in the ass,” Llewyn told him. “Since the back’s open, I had to put on a backless bra and stuff it to make it look like I have tits.” He looked down at his chest and poked at it. “Maybe I should’ve made ‘em bigger. You think my tits are too small?” “No. I like you better without any,” said Arthur, “when you don’t have to pass. Is that why the neckline is so high on that dress, so you don’t have to worry about cleavage?” “Yes, although I really got it for the open back.” Llewyn leaned forward in his seat and tried to look over his shoulder at his back. “You like my back, right?” “Yes, I like your back, Llew,” Arthur sighed. “And your front. I like your chest the way it is, but I get why you had to cover it up.” “Next time,” said Llewyn, “I’ll get a dress that shows more of my décolletage.” “More of your what?” “Décolletage.” Llewyn thumped his chest, just under his collarbone. “This. My chest.” “There’s not going to be a next time,” said Arthur, “and that dress is fine. Saves you from having to wax your chest.” “I waxed it anyway,” said Llewyn. “I waxed everything.” Arthur nearly swerved off the road. “ Every thing?” “Everything.” “Fuck, Llew,” Arthur muttered, “don’t tell me that now .” When they got to the office, Arthur parked and waited for Llewyn to reapply his lipstick. It was the same shade of red as the dress. “What do you want me to call you?” Arthur asked. “Hunh?” Llewyn looked at himself in the rearview mirror. “Your name. If you’re a woman, what’s your name?” “You didn’t make up a name for me already?” Llewyn turned his head to glare at Arthur. “You told everyone you had a wife, and they didn’t want to know my name?” Arthur shrugged. “No one asked. They aren’t that interested in me, or in my wife.” He thought they’d probably be interested in the latter after tonight, though. Llewyn looked beautiful. “Fine,” Llewyn muttered. “Call me Louella.” “Oh come on,” said Arthur, “that’s too obvious. They’ll figure out who you are.” “It’s your fucking problem if they do,” said Llewyn, “for not giving me a name already. And anyway, they probably don’t even remember me. I worked there for three weeks. Besides, you’ll forget and call me Llew, and this way it won’t matter. They’ll think you’re saying ‘Lou.’” He got out of the car, swaying on his red heels, and slammed the door. Arthur sighed and got out too, and Llewyn took his cake from the backseat. Llewyn was right: no one recognized him, and he passed. A couple of the salesman stared as Arthur introduced him as Mrs. Louella Milgrum, but they were staring like they wondered how Arthur had ended up with such a catch, and maybe a little like they wanted to let that catch off Arthur’s hook and get her onto their rods—even the one who’d showed up with his own wife. Arthur kept his hand on the small of Llewyn’s back, just below the open part of the dress. The party was going on in the open front office, where the secretaries had put up and decorated a tree a week before. Arthur’s boss and his wife were over by the folding table of food set up against one wall. She was setting out the food, and he was reorganizing it and making all the plates line up. “He has to micromanage everything,” Arthur muttered to Llewyn as they approached, but of course Llewyn already knew that after working in the office for three weeks. Probably the only thing the boss didn’t micromanage was his wife, and she snapped at him to quit messing with the dishes just as Llewyn set down his rum cake. “Good evening, Mr. Witmer,” said Arthur. He looked at his boss, then up at his boss’s wife. She was an inch taller than Arthur in flats, and tonight she was wearing heels. “Mrs. Witmer.” “Milgrum,” said Witmer. He nodded at Arthur then looked at Llewyn. Witmer looked surprised, and Arthur worried that Witmer recognized him. “This is my wife,” said Arthur, “Louella. Louella, this is Mr. and Mrs. Witmer.” “Phoebe,” said Mrs. Witmer. She looked down at Llewyn, flicking her blue eyes over him; then she smiled. “Nice to meet you.” Arthur wondered if she had been sizing Llewyn up and deeming him not to be a threat. He wasn’t sure if that was the way women worked or not. But her husband wasn’t staring anymore, and he’d only looked at Llewyn like he was surprised he was with Arthur, not like he wanted to fuck him. Her, Arthur reminded himself. No wonder Witmer wasn’t interested in fucking “Louella,” though: Phoebe was taller than her husband (who was shorter than Arthur), and blonde, and thin with bigger breasts than Llewyn’s fake ones and a face that was beautiful in a tough kind of way. Her legs were as long as Llewyn’s were short. “This is a rum cake,” Llewyn said. He nudged the plate forward, and Witmer nudged it back into line as soon as Llewyn took his hand away. “Great,” said Phoebe. “Looks delicious.” She was wearing a high-necked dress too, but hers was form-fitting and sleeveless, and covered in dark green and silver sequins. Llewyn saw Arthur looking at it and glared at him. “You don’t look very festive, Milgrum,” Witmer said. Both of them were wearing black suits, but then Witmer always wore black; navy would have clashed with his red hair. He had a sprig of holly pinned to one lapel. He nodded toward a pile of unused decorations on one of the secretaries’ desks and said, “Go put on a hat or something.” “Sure,” said Arthur. He went over to the desk, hand still on Llewyn’s waist to pull the smaller man along. “Witmer’s wife is hot,” said Llewyn when they were out of earshot, barely. “She doesn’t usually dress like that,” Arthur said. He started picking through the decorations, then took up a Santa Claus hat. “How many times have you met—fuck no, you are not wearing that,” Llewyn interrupted himself. “What’s with you and stupid hats, anyway?” “Witmer said to put on a hat,” said Arthur. He tried it on. It covered his ears, and that was enough to satisfy him. “He said a hat or something . Do the or something , put a garland around your neck,” grumbled Llewyn. “Just take that fucking hat off.” “Fuck you, Llew,” said Arthur. Llewyn’s displeasure with the hat sealed Arthur’s commitment to wearing it. “Do you want a drink?” “Go fuck yourself, Al,” Llewyn retorted. “I’ll get my own drink.” He sashayed away on his heels, and one of the secretaries cornered Arthur before he could follow. “Hi, Mr. Milgrum,” she cooed. She was a redhead like the boss, but curvy and solid instead of vaguely fragile-looking. She usually didn’t pay Arthur much attention, but she, like Llewyn, was already somewhat drunk. “Hi,” said Arthur. “Nice hat.” She giggled. “It’s cute.” “Thanks,” said Arthur. “Did you help decorate the office? It looks nice.” “Yep! The other girls wanted to put up the same old aluminum tree we had last year, you remember it. But I wanted a real tree, so I went and asked Mr. Witmer, and he said that would be better. So then we had to go buy ornaments for it, and a star, so he gave us an extra hour for lunch and some cash, and the girls weren’t complaining then! ” “I guess not,” said Arthur. He looked over at the makeshift bar—another folding table—to see what Llewyn was doing. He had his head tipped back, draining a cocktail glass. Arthur watched his throat shift as he swallowed, then looked at Llewyn’s bare back when he turned to set down the glass and grab another. “Is that your girlfriend?” the secretary asked. She was looking over at Llewyn too. “Wife,” said Arthur. “Oh,” said the secretary. She looked at Arthur again. “I knew you’re married, but I didn’t think your wife’d look like that. I thought maybe you were having an affair.” “Well, that’s her,” said Arthur. “I wouldn’t ever cheat on my wife.” “She’s pretty,” said the secretary. Arthur looked at Llewyn again. He was watching them and glaring, and when Arthur saw him, Llewyn snatched up another glass in his free hand and came back to him. “Here,” he said. He handed the glass to Arthur. “Thanks,” said Arthur. He didn’t really feel like drinking, so he held the glass awkwardly in his left hand and put his right on Llewyn’s back. “This is Louella,” he told the secretary. “My wife. Lou, this is Cheryl.” “Hi,” said the secretary. “I like your dress.” Llewyn looked at her, took another swallow from his glass, then said, “Thanks.” Cheryl searched the room, spotted another of “the girls,” and excused herself. “Take that fucking hat off,” Llewyn whispered. He tipped back his head again and finished his second drink. What was left of his lipstick left a faint red semicircle near the glass’s rim. “No,” Arthur whispered back. “I need that promotion. If the boss tells me to wear a hat, I’m wearing a hat.” “You do not need that promotion,” growled Llewyn, still under his breath. “You do not need this job . You’re getting royalties.” “They’re tapering off,” muttered Arthur. “That song’s almost three years old now. I told you that, but you never listen when I talk about our finances. You’re useless with money, Llew.” “You think fuckin’ Cheryl’s any better with money?” said Llewyn, a bit louder. “Or what’s her fuckin’ face, Miss Boss’s Wife? That dress must’ve cost a fortune. Mine was on sale.” “Don’t talk so loud, Llewyn,” said Arthur. He finally took a sip from his glass because Witmer was looking over at them. “I’m still making money too, remember?” Llewyn pointed out, without getting any quieter. “Because I still write music, and I still perform. I didn’t sell out like you did.” “I need to go talk to some other people,” Arthur said. “I won’t get promoted to head of sales if it looks like I can’t talk to people, because then how would I sell stuff?” “Go to hell, Al,” said Llewyn. “I’m getting another drink.” He went back to the bar, and Arthur tried his best to mingle. After a while, and enough alcohol, the party got more relaxed, and someone put Christmas records on the player they’d brought in. The first one was Bing Crosby doing “White Christmas,” and Arthur smiled to himself thinking about how much Llewyn hated the song. “Bunch of sentimental bullshit,” he’d complained last year, their first Christmas together, every time Arthur played the record. Llewyn said he didn’t like Christmas music much anyway, or Christmas trees, or Christmas anything. But this year he’d insisted on a real tree for their living room, just like Cheryl had for the front office. Llewyn was too short to put the star on top, so he made Arthur do it; then Llewyn had unhooked one of the candy canes Arthur hung on the tree and sat on the couch playing his guitar with the candy cane sticking out of his mouth instead of his usual cigarette. While Arthur listened to one of the sales managers boasting about the commission he’d made last month, he sought out Llewyn with his eyes. Llewyn stood by the food table with a glass in his hand. When he saw Arthur looking at him, he scowled and looked away. Arthur sighed. The sales manager didn’t notice, and he kept talking. The food started running out before the alcohol did, and people got restless. Arthur needed to go to his own small office, without Llewyn. Last Christmas, Llewyn had proved to be exceptionally nosy, and he found all his presents Arthur had hidden at home, before Arthur could get them wrapped. This year, he’d kept Llewyn’s gifts in his office. He’d gotten them all home and wrapped by now except one, which he’d kept locked in his desk because Llewyn could probably have guessed what it was from the size and shape of the little box it was in. Arthur finally got away from the sales manager and started back to the hall leading to his office, but before he got there, he heard Witmer call his name. Arthur stifled a sign and turned back. “You sing, don’t you, Milgrum?” Witmer asked. He was over near the record player, talking loud enough for Arthur to hear him at the back of the room. Everyone else could hear him too. “Why don’t you sing us something? Liven things up.” “I don’t sing,” said Arthur, “not anymore. I quit a couple years ago.” Llewyn was eating a deviled egg. All the other platters were empty. “He doesn’t sing anymore,” said Llewyn, as loudly as Witmer. “He sold out.” Arthur looked at Llewyn, then at Witmer. “Louella sings,” said Arthur. “No—” Llewyn started to say. “She sings at a bar most weekends,” said Arthur, talking over him. “Gets paid for it, even.” He looked at Llewyn again. Llewyn’s jaw was set, but he opened it to mouth, “Fuck you.” “Oh, well then. Why don’t you sing something?” said Witmer to Llewyn. “Something festive.” Llewyn looked at him. “I don’t sing without music. I play the guitar.” “We’ve got music,” said Witmer. He gestured to the record player. “Pick something out.” Llewyn turned back to Arthur and gave him a long, hard look from across the room. Arthur knew Llewyn hated being called on to perform at short notice, especially for free. He knew Llewyn had been pissed at him already for the hat and the secretaries and Phoebe Witmer. He knew Llewyn was drunk—aggressive-drunk, not horny-drunk. And he knew from the look on Llewyn’s face that he was calculating the best way to get revenge on Arthur for all of it. Shit, thought Arthur, he’s gonna blow my promotion. He’s gonna tell them he’s a man, or cuss out Witmer. Why the hell did I tell them he sings, why do I always gotta fuck things up with him? The real question at the heart of it all was, why did Llewyn Davis drive him so crazy, in every sense of the cliché, and it was a question he’d probably never be able to answer. Llewyn looked over at Witmer and said, “Okay, I’ll sing. If I get to pick the song.” “Be our guest,” said Witmer, and he gestured at the record player and the stack of vinyls beside it. Arthur’s legs went shaky with relief, and he sat down in a rolling chair someone had pulled up between the secretaries’ desks. Llewyn sashayed over to the record player, his walk more womanly than ever, and shuffled through the albums with his back to Arthur. He paused over one as Arthur looked at the dark hair falling in curls over the back of his neck. Arthur’s eyes dropped to his tan back and ran down his spine to the slight dip of his waist right above his ass, then past the skirt to Llewyn’s shaved calves encased in stockings with their seams all crooked. Arthur could see a red mark on one ankle, even through the stocking, where Llewyn’s shoe was rubbing a blister. Llewyn tugged the arm of the player off the spinning record, and it gave a squawk that silenced Frank Sinatra in the middle of “I’ll Be Home for Christmas” (which Llewyn hated even more than “White Christmas”). He switched the records and shoved A Jolly Christmas with Frank Sinatra halfway back into its sleeve before putting the needle down on the new album. As Llewyn turned away from the player, Mr. Witmer frowned and picked up Frank and put him back in the sleeve properly. When the music started, it was Eartha Kitt, “Santa Baby,” and Arthur realized Llewyn was getting his revenge after all. Because he was Llewyn, it was a subtle, passive-aggressive bullshit kind of revenge. He didn’t want to fuck up Arthur’s promotion; he wanted to embarrass Arthur, just like Arthur had embarrassed him. Arthur had thought Llewyn might sound too much like a man when he started to sing, but he didn’t. His voice certainly wasn’t feminine like Eartha’s, but somehow, he managed to sound enough like a woman. He gave the words a husky, throaty quality like a cocktail lounge singer, and the rather insipid little song came out sexy instead. Llewyn’s eyes locked on Arthur’s as he sang, “Been an awful good girl.” Oh no you haven’t, Arthur thought. He managed a scowl to convey his disapproval of Llewyn’s method of vengeance, but like the plan itself, the scowl backfired and just egged Llewyn on. He started moving toward Arthur, swaying his hips on those perfect legs, and Arthur felt his face burn. “Santa baby, a fifty-four convertible too, light blue,” sang Llewyn, and the women were starting to giggle—not because they realized he was a guy, but because here was quiet, amenable Arthur Milgrum’s smoking hot wife seducing him in front of everyone, and wasn’t it just adorable the way Mrs. Milgrum thrust out her perfectly sculpted lower lip when she told him, “I’ll wait up for you, dear.” The men were silent, staring. Llewyn reached Arthur and leaned forward to brace himself with both hands on the seated man’s shoulders. “Think of all the fun I’ve missed, think of all the fellas that I haven’t kissed.” Llewyn’s reddish-brown eyes stayed fixed on Arthur’s. “Next year I could be just as good if you’ll check off my Christmas list.” Good?! thought Arthur. He narrowed his eyes, and Llewyn saw it. He pressed his lips together for a beat in between verses, then plopped down in Arthur’s lap—not sideways but straddling it. Arthur gasped. The full red skirt of Llewyn’s dress still covered his legs down to his knees, but someone whistled anyway, and Arthur was well-aware of Llewyn’s gartered thighs on either side of him. “I want a yacht, and really that’s not. . . a lot,” cooed Llewyn with a pout to his tone, matching Eartha’s perfectly despite the difference in their voices. “Been an angel all year.” “Like hell,” hissed Arthur between clenched teeth. Now Llewyn just smirked as he kept singing, and he rocked forward. His groin pressed against Arthur’s, and Arthur started getting hard. “Santa honey,” sang Llewyn, “one little thing I really need.” He thrust his hips forward again on “need,” and the pressure of him on Arthur’s cock made Arthur nearly forget everyone else in the room, and all the eyes fixed on Llewyn’s effort to humiliate him. Llewyn’s eyelids, which had been lowered even farther than normal, lifted, and his seductive eyes widened when he felt Arthur’s erection. He kept singing, and probably only Arthur noticed the slight flush of color that came to his cheeks. When Llewyn got to “Come and trim my Christmas tree,” whoever it was whistled again and Arthur heard some chuckles from the men in attendance which drowned out the part about decorations and Tiffany’s. They sounded like they wanted to trim Llewyn’s tree too, and Arthur put his hands up on the smaller man’s waist. Llewyn had dropped his eyelashes down again, and he smiled when Arthur touched him. Llewyn leaned forward and ground himself on Arthur, and his voice rasped when he sang, “I really do believe in you, let’s see if you believe in me.” His lips were so close to Arthur’s, they almost brushed, and his eyes were nearly closed. Llewyn clearly wasn’t interested in the revenge aspect of the performance anymore, just the seduction part, and Arthur decided he’d be willing to believe in Llewyn too and postpone their fight if that’s what Llewyn wanted. “Santa baby. . . .” Llewyn’s voice was little more than a murmur, and Arthur wondered if anyone else could even hear him. “Forgot to mention one little thing, a ring.” Arthur drew in his breath with a hiss, and his cheeks burned again. He’d forgotten about that line. “I don’t mean on the phone, Santa baby, so hurry down the chimney tonight,” Llewyn sang. He moved his hips in a circle, and Arthur felt Llewyn’s erection press into his own. Llewyn finished the song up against Arthur’s chest, head tilted to the side, and only a hint of his dark eyes showing through his lashes as he whispered, “Hurry. . . tonight.” Arthur kissed him before the record ended; he couldn’t wait, and he didn’t care that everyone was watching. Llewyn squawked, and his lips fumbled under Arthur’s. But Arthur cuffed a hand over the back of his head and held it down, and then Llewyn opened his mouth and kissed him back, hard and deep. “Hell, Milgrum, I think she wants you up her chimney,” someone said. The comment brought Arthur back to reality, and he let Llewyn go. Llewyn drew back with his lips still parted and his makeup smeared, blinked at Arthur, then looked over at Witmer. Witmer was still staring at them; his wife was making herself another drink. “Okay, I sang,” Llewyn said to Witmer. “That’ll be fifty bucks.” When Witmer just kept staring, Llewyn added, “Kidding,” and got up. He smoothed his skirt, and Arthur tugged his jacket down over the bulge in his pants. Someone, probably the chimney guy, started applauding, and most everyone else joined in. “Yeah,” said Llewyn. As soon as no one was looking at him, Arthur got up and sneaked back to the hall. Before he made it to his office, Llewyn came after him. “You have your own office?” Llewyn muttered. “Yeah,” said Arthur. He got to the door and unlocked it. “In here. I just needed to get something—” Llewyn pushed him in, followed him, then shut the door and locked it back. “Sit down,” he said. He looked around as Arthur went over to the chair behind his desk. “I thought it would be bigger,” said Llewyn. “It will be if I get that promotion,” Arthur said. Llewyn got between Arthur’s chair and the desk and looked down at him. “You’ll get it,” said Llewyn. He dropped to his knees and pushed Arthur’s knees apart. “How do you know?” Arthur asked, then, “What are you doing?” when Llewyn wriggled backwards under the desk. Llewyn grabbed Arthur’s ankles and tugged until his chair rolled forward. “Been wanting to blow you under your desk ever since I worked here,” said Llewyn, “but you didn’t have your own office back then.” “Llew, you—you can’t, not with a party going on out there—aah!” Arthur groaned when Llewyn ground his palm into his groin. “Won’t take long,” Llewyn told him. “You nearly came when I sat on your lap.” He unzipped Arthur’s pants and freed his erection, then leaned up to flick his tongue over the head. “Shit, Llew,” Arthur breathed. He reached up to pull his Santa Claus hat off, but Llewyn shook his head. “Leave it on.” Llewyn opened his mouth and moved further up, cracked the top of his head on the underside of the desk, and swore. Arthur started to laugh but cut it short when Llewyn lurched up a second time and put his mouth over the end of Arthur’s cock. He was right; it didn’t take long. Arthur watched Llewyn go down on him, watched Llewyn’s dark eyes flick up to look at him through their long lashes and Llewyn’s lips wrap around his shaft. If he’d wanted to hold out, Arthur wouldn’t have looked, because watching Llewyn always got him off quick. But Arthur wanted to get out of his office before anyone realized they were both missing and guessed at what was going on. More than that, Arthur wanted to come for his wife. “Close,” he gasped as he started to throb in Llewyn’s mouth. “Mmh,” said Llewyn. He closed his eyes and sucked harder. Arthur reached down, laced his long fingers into Llewyn’s curls, and thrust in his mouth with short, shallow strokes. He climaxed within seconds, gritting his teeth to keep from making too much noise. Llewyn clamped his lips around Arthur’s cock and didn’t let up until it started going soft and Arthur was whining and trying to pull away from the overstimulation. Llewyn finally let him go and pushed his chair back away from the desk, then clambered out from under it. He narrowly missed hitting his head a second time. He climbed up onto Arthur’s chair, kneeling on either side of his legs, and leaned in to kiss him. Arthur could taste himself in Llewyn’s mouth along with the cocktails. This time, Llewyn let Arthur put a hand up his skirt, and when Arthur groped him through his panties, Llewyn growled into his mouth, “Get me off.” Arthur squeezed him then dug in the heel of his hand with his fingers curled under Llewyn’s balls. Llewyn groaned and wrapped his arms around Arthur’s shoulders to anchor himself, then started bucking into Arthur’s hand. His eyes were closed, and he clenched his lower lip between his teeth. Arthur put his other hand on Llewyn’s bare lower back to feel his warm, smooth skin. “Nnh, nnh,” Llewyn grunted as he rode Arthur’s hand, and within a minute, he came, letting up on his lip to hiss, “Fuck!” He shuddered, and Arthur felt Llewyn’s cum soaking into his panties. After he finished, Llewyn slumped against him and shivered. Arthur turned his head to kiss Llewyn’s temple. “I love you,” he whispered. “Love you too,” Llewyn panted. He shivered again then pulled away and climbed down off the chair. He wobbled more on the heels than before as he fixed his skirt. Arthur stood up, zipped up his pants, and looked at the locked top drawer of his desk. He couldn’t get the present out without Llewyn knowing, and anyway, his hand was wet. “We need to clean up,” he muttered. He went to the door and unlocked it. “Bathroom’s on the left.” It was a small, single bathroom, and Phoebe Witmer came out of it as they approached. She stopped, looked them both over, then held the bathroom door open. “Inside,” she said to Llewyn. “You gotta fix your makeup.” Llewyn glared at her but went in. She kept the door open and looked at Arthur. “What?” he said. “Go on in,” she said. “You’re not fooling anybody looking like that.” Arthur thought she meant that everyone knew what they’d been doing in his office, but after she followed them into the bathroom and locked the door behind her, she said to Llewyn, “If you’re gonna go around as a woman, you need to start carrying a purse.” Llewyn looked at her and said, “What.” “You heard me,” Phoebe said. “You gotta have something to put your makeup in so you can fix it up when you need to. At least if you’re gonna be fucking Arthur in public.” “We weren’t in public,” said Llewyn. He turned to the sink and looked at himself in the mirror. “We were in his office.” “You know what I mean,” Phoebe said. “And we weren’t fucking,” Llewyn went on. He turned to the commode, his back to Phoebe and Arthur and hiked the front of his skirt up to clean himself off with a handful of toilet tissue. “You look like you’ve been fucking,” Phoebe said, “whatever you were doing.” “I gave him a blow job,” said Llewyn. “Shut up, Llew,” Arthur hissed. He moved to the sink and washed his hands. “How did you know he’s not a woman?” he asked Phoebe in a mutter. “Is it that obvious?” “ You shut the fuck up, Al,” said Llewyn. He dropped the tissue in the toilet and flushed it. “Al?” Phoebe asked. “It’s a nickname,” said Arthur. “But how did you—” “It’s not that obvious.” She shrugged. “None of the guys would have noticed—men think with their dicks, and if a woman’s hot enough, their dicks won’t be asking if she’s really a man.” Arthur had a vague feeling that he should be offended, but he decided he’d stereotyped women often enough for him to deserve a little reverse sexism. Arthur’s cousin had started talking a lot about women’s rights just before he cut off contact with his family, and maybe some of it had sunk in. Or maybe he was just too scared of his boss’s wife to argue. “So you think I passed?” Llewyn asked her. He had turned around again and had his skirt back in place. “With everyone but you? What about the secretaries, the other women?” “Don’t think they noticed. Most of them were drinking, and they wouldn’t have paid attention since you’re not a threat,” said Phoebe. “You’re obviously not after their men, considering how you were riding yours out there.” Arthur blushed; Llewyn just glared at her. Phoebe tore a paper towel off the roll and dampened it at the sink. “You need to learn a little more about makeup though,” she said as she dabbed at the last of the lipstick smeared around Llewyn’s mouth. When Llewyn drew back, Phoebe grabbed a handful of hair on the side of his head and held him still, the way Arthur’s mother used to do to him when he was a kid and needed to be cleaned up for dinner. “It’s not like I do this every day,” Llewyn sulked. “I had to pretend to be his wife because he lied and said he had one.” Arthur looked down at Llewyn’s red shoes and bit his lip. “If you’re going to pretend to be his wife,” said Phoebe, “you should wear a ring. Both of you,” she added with a glance back at Arthur. She had a ring, a simple white gold—or platinum—band with an engagement ring above it. The engagement ring was a solitaire, with a large, colorless diamond. Phoebe blotted the liner smudged under Llewyn’s eyes then let him go. “I guess you don’t have your lipstick on you,” she said. “It’s in the car,” said Llewyn. “Are you finished?” “You look presentable enough. Just be more careful next time.” Phoebe dropped the paper towel in the trash and looked at Arthur again. “Thanks,” Arthur mumbled. “Yeah,” she said. “John’s going to give you that promotion. He was talking about it on the way over here.” Arthur asked, “You really don’t think he knows Llewyn’s a man?” “That’s your name, ‘Llewyn’? ‘Louella’ isn’t very creative then,” Phoebe said over her shoulder. To Arthur, she said, “No, of course not. He wouldn’t realize it if Llewyn showed him his dick. And I won’t tell him. Now move, I’ve got to get back out there.” She pushed Arthur out of the way and unlocked the door and went out. “I forgot something in my office,” Arthur said as he and Llewyn left the bathroom. “Work I’ve got to finish up.” “You’ve got work to finish on Christmas?” Llewyn muttered. “Figures. You go get your work , I’m gonna get another drink.” Llewyn went to the front office, and Arthur went back to his. He unlocked his desk and took out the box with Llewyn’s present and stood looking at it a minute. Then he tucked the little box into his jacket and locked up again. When Arthur got back to the front office, one of the drunk salesmen was making a pass at Llewyn. Arthur hung back in the hall and watched to see what Llewyn would do. He shoved the guy’s hand off his ass. “What the fuck are you doing,” he grumbled. “I’m married.” “Yeah, to Milgrum ,” said the salesman. “Bet he can’t fuck a real woman like you the way you need it.” “You’d be surprised,” said Llewyn. “Now fuck off.” “Your loss,” said the salesman. “But here’s some advice, if you’re serious about being faithful to that downer, you oughta wear your ring. Otherwise, how’s a guy to know that—” “Why the fuck do I gotta wear a fuckin’ ring,” growled Llewyn. “What’s everyone’s so hung up on the fuckin’ ring for.” His voice was getting louder— classic drunk Llewyn, Arthur thought with half of his brain while the other half processed, with increasing consternation, what Llewyn was bitching about. A couple people turned to look at him. “I’m not some damn piece of property to lay a fuckin’ claim on,” Llewyn said. He poked the salesman in the chest with a finger. “By your hand on my ass or—or Arthur’s ring on my finger, so fuck off.” “Okay, geez.” The guy backed off, and Arthur slunk into the room to try to shut Llewyn up before he said anything else. The salesman looked at Arthur and said, “You sure can pick ‘em, Milgrum.” “Fuck off,” said Arthur. The guy gave him a startled and impressed look before he walked away, but Phoebe came over to shut Llewyn up too. “You shouldn’t drink so much,” she said. “You fuck off too,” said Llewyn. Arthur groaned and clamped a hand on his shoulder. “Come on, we’re going home,” he muttered. Llewyn swatted at his hand and dipped his shoulder to loosen Arthur’s grip. “’M not finished,” he said. He continued railing at Phoebe, “You fuckin’ started it, anyway. Why d’ you wear a ring if you’re such a, a fuckin’ liberated bitch?” “Llew, shut up ,” Arthur hissed. Phoebe just shrugged, though. “Because I like wearing it. Don’t have to, I choose to. And I didn’t say you had to either, even when you’re playing housewife. It’s just that most women wear their wedding rings.” She looked Llewyn up and down then said, “You need to work on not getting offended so easy. You’ll be happier.” “What the fuck do you know about me,” muttered Llewyn. Phoebe rolled her eyes. “Okay, maybe you’re determined not to be happy, but Arthur’s not going to be happy either if you’re such a selfish little shit all the time.” She sighed and glanced over at Arthur. “Good luck getting him home. And merry Christmas.” “Merry Christmas,” said Arthur. He got another grip on Llewyn, this time on his wrist, and tugged him toward the front door. He was surprised when Llewyn went quietly. -- To be continued Chapter 2 “Fuck, I forgot my cake plate,” said Llewyn on the way home. He was looking out the window. “I’ll bring it home next week,” said Arthur, “since we have the rest of this week off.” “You won’t forget?” Llewyn sighed and sank down farther in the passenger seat. “You’re gonna forget.” “I won’t forget, Llewyn.” Arthur turned into their neighborhood, and Llewyn asked, “Are you unhappy with me?” “I’m not mad at you, Llew,” Arthur said, but Llewyn shook his head and looked at him. “No, I mean are you unhappy being with me. What’s-her-face said you weren’t happy with me.” “No, she didn’t. She said I wouldn’t be happy if you were a selfish little shit all the time,” Arthur explained. “You’re only a selfish little shit part of the time.” He gave his usual awkward laugh even though he felt miserable. “Don’t fuckin’ joke about it.” Llewyn’s voice was still slurred, but he sounded serious. “If you’re not happy being with me—” He broke off and turned back to the window and growled, “That asshole talking to me when you came in from the back, he grabbed my ass. He said you were a downer.” “I probably am,” said Arthur. “You’re fucking not,” said Llewyn. “I told him to fuck off. Fuckin’ piece of shit, he’d’ve had a heart attack if he’d grabbed my dick instead of my ass. Said you didn’t know how to fuck me. I wanted you to bend me over and fuck me right there in front of him, show him how real men fuck.” Despite his misery, Arthur’s cock twitched. He pulled the car into the garage and parked it. “Llewyn, I’m happy being with you,” he said. “Phoebe’s right, you need to not get offended so easy. Don’t let people get to you so bad, don’t listen to them.” Llewyn turned back to look at him. “I love you,” Arthur said. “Even when I’m being a selfish little shit?” Llewyn’s lips, still stained a bit red even though he’d bitten and licked his lipstick off long before, twitched into a smile. “Yes,” said Arthur. He managed to smile back. “Even then.” “I love you too,” said Llewyn, “even when you’re being a downer. But you weren’t tonight, even with the stupid hat.” He glanced up at Arthur’s head. “Which you’re still wearing.” “Shit,” said Arthur. “I forgot to take it off. I’ll have to bring it back to work on Monday.” He started to remove the hat, but Llewyn grabbed his wrist and held it. “You got so fucking hard with me sitting on your lap,” Llewyn said, “and you blew your load so fucking hard in my mouth.” He let go of Arthur’s wrist, leaned over, and hooked his arm around the larger man’s neck to pull him down for a kiss. “I wanna sit on your lap, Santa,” Llewyn muttered after the kiss, “and tell you what a naughty little girl I am.” “Fuck, Llew,” groaned Arthur, misery swiftly dissipating in favor of lust. “You think the hat’s stupid, how about your—your dumb Christmas innuendos?” Llewyn dropped a hand into Arthur’s lap and groped him as they kissed again. “You mean you don’t wanna hear about how I’m gonna unwrap your package—your fuckin’ huge package—and. . . fuck, Arthur,” Llewyn moaned into Arthur’s mouth as Arthur slid a hand up his skirt and fondled him. He was hard again under his damp panties. “You’re getting coal and switches,” said Arthur. “Fuck the coal,” said Llewyn. “Just gimme the switches, switch the fuck outta my ass.” He squeezed Arthur’s cock through his pants. In between hard kisses to Llewyn’s mouth, Arthur said, “Yeah and then I’ll—I’ll stuff your stocking.” “With your, nngh, your candy c-cane? You gonna come up my chim—chimney?” Llewyn started laughing. “W-we sound so. . . so fuckin’ stupid.” He collapsed against Arthur, trembling with drunk laughter; then Arthur started laughing too, into Llewyn’s hair, as he held the smaller man close. “Inside,” Llewyn gasped. He squeezed Arthur’s cock again then sat up, still snickering and shaking. “Take me inside and, what’d that jackass say, fuck me the way a real woman like me needs it.” They went in, and as soon as Arthur locked the door—he always locked the doors, even the one to the garage, and Llewyn never locked them—Llewyn shoved him up against it, raised up on his toes, and kissed Arthur again. They pulled off their coats and kissed some more, and Arthur put his hands on Llewyn’s bare back and spread his fingers, touching as much of Llewyn’s skin as he could. Then Llewyn stepped back and started stripping Arthur’s suit jacket off him. Arthur shrugged out of it and let it fall to the ground before Llewyn could notice the weight of the box in one pocket. Once the jacket was off, Llewyn grabbed Arthur’s tie and used it to pull him over to sit on the couch. “Don’t move,” Llewyn told him. He disappeared into the hall. Arthur got up, crossed the dark living room, and plugged in their Christmas tree. “Dammit, Al, I told you not to move,” said Llewyn from the doorway. He’d come back with lube, which meant he wanted Arthur to fuck him. “Get your bony ass back on that couch.” “I needed some light. I want to be able to see you,” said Arthur. He turned and looked at Llewyn. Llewyn’s curly hair was tousled, and his makeup had gotten smudged again despite Phoebe’s efforts to clean it up. He had a run in one stocking, and he’d taken his heels off. “You look beautiful,” said Arthur. “Fuck you, I look like shit,” said Llewyn. “Go sit down.” Arthur went back to the couch and sat down. Llewyn straddled his lap like he’d done at the office and pulled off Arthur’s tie and opened his shirt. He ran his small hands down Arthur’s chest to his waist and started unfastening his pants. Llewyn watched his hands, and Arthur watched Llewyn’s face. Llewyn grimaced. “Shit, can’t get your fuckin’ pants open,” he growled. He got back to his feet and staggered backwards. “Take ‘em off.” “Should you be ordering Santa around like this?” asked Arthur. “This close to Christmas?” “Take ‘em off,” Llewyn said again. He rocked his hips forward, swishing his skirt around his knees, and Arthur fumbled with the pants until he got them open. He lifted his ass up off the couch to tug the pants and his underwear down, and Llewyn dropped to his knees and started pulling off Arthur’s shoes. When he got them off, he yanked Arthur’s pants off too and crawled up between his legs to suck his cock back into his mouth. Arthur pushed his fingers into the dark curls of the smaller man’s hair but didn’t hold his head down; he just wanted to touch Llewyn’s hair, which looked black in the dim, golden-red glow from the tree. Llewyn only went down on him long enough for Arthur to get hard again, then climbed back onto his lap. He lifted his skirt to pull his panties off, but Arthur grasped his hands to stop him. “Leave ‘em on,” he growled in a thick voice he hardly recognized as his own. “You kinky fucker,” said Llewyn. “You’re the one in a dress,” said Arthur. He picked up the bottle of lube from where Llewyn had dropped it on the couch cushion and opened it. As he smeared it on one hand, then pulled the crotch of Llewyn’s panties to the side, he went on, “And you’re the one who wanted to blow me under my desk.” “That’s not being a kinky— fuck! ” Llewyn broke off as Arthur started fingering him with the lube. He tried again, “Not being a kinky fucker, that’s being a good wife.” He groaned and pushed down on Arthur’s fingers and didn’t notice the tremor that passed over Arthur’s face. Llewyn leaned forward and bit at his ear and whispered, “Fuck me, Al. I don’t want your fingers, I want your cock plowing my ass.” Arthur drew his fingers out and pulled Llewyn down onto his cock instead. Llewyn rode him hard at first, and the fact that they’d each already come once was the only thing keeping either of them from climaxing right away. But then Llewyn slowed down and wrapped his arms around Arthur’s shoulders. Arthur put his around Llewyn’s waist and rested his chin on the smaller man’s shoulder and moved Llewyn up and down on his cock. “Fuck, Al,” Llewyn groaned, “Arthur, baby.” He rocked back and forth and ground his groin against Arthur’s abdomen through his dress. “Llew,” Arthur breathed over his shoulder. Llewyn lifted his legs to either side of Arthur’s waist and gripped it between his calves. “Fuck me,” he whispered, “fuck me deeper, split me open.” Arthur locked his arms around Llewyn’s waist and stood, flipping the smaller man over on his back on the couch without pulling out, then started thrusting in him again. Llewyn looked up at him in the faint glow from the tree, his eyes a dark glitter through his lowered lashes. Arthur put a hand up Llewyn’s skirt and rubbed his erection through his panties, and Llewyn’s lips parted. His breath quickened, chest rising and falling under the padded bodice of his dress, and when Arthur angled his next thrust up into his prostate, Llewyn groaned. “Gonna come if you keep—keep doing that,” Llewyn breathed. “You wanna come, baby?” Arthur whispered. He held still inside Llewyn. “Or you want it to last?” “Make me come,” hissed Llewyn. “Make me lose it for you.” Arthur pulled back and drove in deep, and Llewyn howled. Arthur pumped Llewyn’s cock through the slick fabric, and on his next thrust, Llewyn orgasmed. His head went back and his back arched, his stomach and chest and neck forming a single arc like a rainbow emerging from the cloud of his skirt. Arthur saw his throat work, but other than that and the tremors moving through his hips, Llewyn seemed frozen in place. But inside, he was quivering, and the feeling of that, and of his cum soaking through his underwear a second time, pushed Arthur over the edge too. He fucked Llewyn through his climax with long strokes then lay still over him, braced on his forearms and looking down into Llewyn’s face. Llewyn’s eyes had closed, but they opened again when his breathing slowed, and he looked back up at Arthur. Arthur wanted to say again that he loved him, but in his head, he heard Llewyn saying, “I’m not some damn piece of property to lay a fuckin’ claim on,” and he kept quiet. Maybe I tell him “I love you” too much, Arthur thought, even when he says it back. Arthur pulled out slowly and sat back on the sofa. Llewyn lifted himself up on his elbows with a groan and reached down to tug his panties back into place. “What time is it?” he asked. Arthur looked at his watch, which he was still wearing along with the unbuttoned shirt, and the hat. “11:30. 11:33, actually.” “I gotta take another shower,” said Llewyn. He struggled to sit up and started taking off his dress. He crossed his arms and grasped the skirt in both hands, then lifted the dress up over his head. He left it inside out on the back of the couch and squirmed out of the backless bra. Arthur hadn’t seen all that many bras in his lifetime, and this one was strange, just two straps that looped over Llewyn’s shoulders and held the small, padded cups in place over his chest. Arthur was glad when Llewyn was out of it, but he liked the rest of it, the garter belt and panties and stockings. “Fuckin’ ruined these stockings,” Llewyn muttered. He unclipped them and peeled them off. “Let me see your ankle,” said Arthur. “You looked like you were getting a blister.” “Yeah,” said Llewyn as Arthur grasped his smooth, waxed calf and lifted it up to rest Llewyn’s foot on his own thigh. The back of Llewyn’s ankle was redder than before, and a small blister was rising over the Achilles tendon. “You noticed that?” Llewyn asked. “Yeah. Right before you started singing.” Arthur lifted Llewyn’s leg again and kissed the sore spot, then slid his hands up over the hairless flesh of his leg. “Go get your shower. I want to get to bed.” “Come with me,” said Llewyn as Arthur dropped his leg. “You need one too.” “I’m just gonna wash up in here,” said Arthur. He got up and started for the smaller bathroom off the back of the living room, but Llewyn got up too and stumbled after him. “No, come with me,” he insisted. He grabbed Arthur’s wrist and dragged him down the hallway toward the master bathroom. “Llew, I’m too tired to fool around again ,” Arthur said. He followed Llewyn anyway. Arthur was half-dressed from the waist up, and Llewyn was half-dressed from the waist down, but when they got to the bathroom, Llewyn finished undressing him. “I don’t want to fool around,” said Llewyn. “I want to take a shower together.” He pulled off what little he was still wearing and got in the shower. Arthur got in too, not sure what to expect. Usually Llewyn bathed alone, stalking off to the bathroom at seemingly random times and sometimes even locking the door behind him. When they did shower together, it was an excuse to have sex. But when Arthur picked up the soap and rubbed it over Llewyn’s chest, as deliciously smooth as his legs because of the waxing, Llewyn didn’t stop him. He let Arthur wash him, gently and tenderly without an ulterior motive; then Llewyn took the soap from him and pressed his body against Arthur’s chest and rubbed the bar over Arthur’s back with his arms around the larger man. Llewyn wiped his makeup off with a washcloth himself because Arthur was afraid he’d get soap in Llewyn’s eyes, and he let Arthur wash his hair even though he’d already done it that day. As Llewyn stood in front of Arthur, facing away from him, Arthur scrubbed his fingers through Llewyn’s wet hair and over his scalp, and he wondered why Llewyn was being so affectionate. Maybe he feels bad for bitching at everyone at the party, Arthur thought. Or maybe he’s just still really drunk , even though Llewyn wasn’t acting like it much anymore. They rinsed away the soap and got out of the shower and dried each other off, all without either of them getting hard. When they were dry, Llewyn left the wet towels and his underwear on the bathroom floor and went out naked into the hall. “Fuck, it’s cold,” Arthur heard him growl. Arthur looked at the mess of clothes and towels on the floor. “You’re a slob, Llewyn,” he called. “I’ll pick my shit up tomorrow,” Llewyn yelled back. “Come to bed.” “Tomorrow’s Christmas,” said Arthur. “You won’t clean up tomorrow.” “No, today’s Christmas,” said Llewyn. He came back to stand in the bathroom doorway. He’d put on clean shorts and a t-shirt. “It’s after midnight,” he said. “Get in the damn bed so I can give you your present.” “What?” Arthur shivered, remembered he was still naked, and pushed past Llewyn to go to the bedroom and put on his robe. Over his shoulder, he argued, “It’s the middle of the night, and you want to open presents now ?” Llewyn didn’t follow him into the bedroom, but as he got out his robe and shrugged into it, Arthur raised his voice and went on arguing. “Is that why you wanted me to shower with you, so you could keep me up until after midnight and get your presents early?” “I don’t want to do all the presents now,” Llewyn shouted from another room. “I just want to give you your big one now, I don’t wanna wait until morning. You got a big one for me, right?” Arthur hesitated. Llewyn’s “big” present was the one in the pocket of Arthur’s jacket, which was still lying by the garage door. After a minute, Llewyn stuck his tousled head in the doorway of the bedroom and said, “Okay, so you didn’t get me anything big, just go grab something from under the tree. I know you got me some shit, unless you wrapped a bunch of empty boxes.” “Of course I got you presents, Llew,” Arthur muttered. “Then go get one,” Llewyn snapped, “and then get in bed! I can’t bring yours in here until you’re ready to get it—I didn’t wrap it.” “And I have to be in bed to get it?” said Arthur. “Llew, if you expect me to fuck you again, I don’t think I can—” “Your present,” growled Llewyn, “is not me. It’s a physical, inanimate object. And it has nothing to do with sex. Is that all you think about?” “Fine,” Arthur muttered, just because he was too tired to keep arguing. “I’ll go get your present.” He went into the living room and looked at the Christmas tree and the gifts under it. There were more packages for Llewyn than for him, but Llewyn had left a few messily-wrapped boxes under the tree as well. They had forgotten to unplug the tree, so Arthur unplugged it; then he picked up his jacket and went back to the bedroom. Llewyn was still in another room, probably the guest room where he kept most of his stuff. Arthur took the box out of his jacket pocket and hung the jacket up in the closet before he got into bed on his side, the right. He stuck the small, unwrapped box under the blanket, next to the outside of his right thigh. “Okay, Llewyn, I’m in bed,” Arthur called. “Are you coming back?” “I’m coming,” yelled Llewyn. A moment later, he appeared in the doorway with something in both arms. It looked like a pile of dark brown terrycloth. “Is that a new bathrobe?” Arthur asked. “Yes,” said Llewyn. “Your old one is a piece of shit. But that’s not your big present, I wouldn’t get you a fuckin’ bathrobe for your big present. It’s just to wrap it in.” “Oh,” said Arthur. He watched Llewyn come over to the bed and lay the bundle down. Arthur started to reach for it, but Llewyn kept his hands on top of it, holding the robe in place. “I don’t know if you’re going to like it,” Llewyn said. “Or want it. It might not be something you want.” “Well, I like the robe,” said Arthur. “It’s a nice shade of brown.” “Never mind the robe,” said Llewyn. “The robe’s more for me, because I’m sick of looking at your old one. But the other thing—if you don’t like it, it’s okay, but lemme explain it before you decide you don’t.” “Llew, I won’t be able to decide that I don’t like it, if you don’t let me have it,” Arthur told him. “All right,” said Llewyn. He pushed the bundle over to Arthur and got up on the bed behind it, with his legs folded under him. Arthur untucked the new bathrobe from around the object it concealed. The object was a guitar case. Arthur looked up at Llewyn, but Llewyn was looking down at the case. “Well, go on,” he muttered. “Open it.” “Oh,” Arthur said again. He’d thought the case was the gift, and wondered why Llewyn would get him a guitar case when Arthur had sold his guitar more than two years ago. Arthur snapped open the clasps then lifted the lid on its hinges. There was a guitar inside. Arthur glanced up a second time and murmured, “Llew? You. . . you got me another guitar?” “Yeah,” said Llewyn. He raised his eyes to meet Arthur’s and gave him the intense look Llewyn was so good at. “Let me explain, before you say you don’t want it.” Arthur swallowed. “I’m not gonna say I don’t—” “I want you to start playing again,” Llewyn said. “And singing. You miss it, I know you do. Don’t you?” Arthur did miss it; he’d missed it ever since he’d walked out of the pawn shop in the summer of 1961 and left his old guitar behind. But he’d never told Llewyn that, and he couldn’t figure out how Llewyn knew. When Arthur nodded, Llewyn nodded too, and he went on, “But I knew you’d never buy it for yourself.” He lowered his eyes back to the guitar in the case. “Sorry I didn’t get a chance to wrap it, but it would have taken a fucking lot of paper. And I bought it yesterday, and it took me all day today to make that fucking rum cake.” “You bought this yesterday?” Arthur touched the guitar for the first time; he felt almost like it would disappear if he put his hands on it. It was a Framus, German. Arthur finally picked it up and put it in his lap, on top of the blanket. He touched the strings. “Yeah,” said Llewyn, “while you were at work. Had to take a cab. I waited ‘til the last minute ‘cos I wasn’t sure I wanted to do it. I thought you might not want it.” He looked at Arthur again. “You do want it?” “Yeah, of course I—Llew, it’s gorgeous.” “And it took me that long to get enough money together,” Llewyn said. “I bought your other stuff first then realized I didn’t have enough. But since I took those extra gigs last week—” “That’s why you did that?” Arthur interrupted. “To buy me a Christmas present? Fuck, Llew, and I was pissed at you for being gone every night.” “Yeah, you were pissed at me.” Llewyn smirked, cocky about it. “I’m sorry,” said Arthur. “Llewyn, you shouldn’t have—you shouldn’t have spent all your money on me.” He drew his fingertips over the Framus’s strings. “And you gave me money for the bills this month too. Baby, I told you a thousand times, you don’t have to do that—” “You said yourself, you’re not getting the royalties you used to,” Llewyn countered, “especially not after last month, the assassination.” He leaned forward a little. “You said at the office that I’m useless with money.” “I’m sorry,” Arthur said again. “You’re not. Obviously. This. . . .” He drew the guitar a little closer to him, almost hugging it. It was a beautiful guitar, a sun-kissed color that was almost orange but not so harsh. Arthur would have loved the guitar no matter what it looked like, because it came from Llewyn. “It’s not new,” muttered Llewyn, less cocky. “I don’t care,” said Arthur. “It’s perfect. It’ll—it’ll sound better, being broken in.” He strummed it, once, then laid it back in the case. He wanted to play it, but more than that, he wanted Llewyn. Arthur reached over the case to hug the smaller man. It was awkward, and the edges of the case dug into his stomach as he leaned over it, but Llewyn hugged him back, briefly. Then Llewyn extracted himself from Arthur’s long arms and closed the lid of the guitar case. “I want you to play with me,” Llewyn said. He was looking down again, at the case. “And sing with me. Your voice—you’ve got a good voice. It’s a waste, you not singing anymore.” “With you?” asked Arthur. “You want me to sing with you? Like. . . perform?” “Yeah.” Llewyn raised his eyes. “Shit, Arthur, I’d love to sing with you again. There was just the one time, and that was with Jim, and I didn’t know—we didn’t know each other then. We’ll sound better now. With a better song. But we don’t have to do it for anyone, if you don’t want to. We can do it in the living room. I just want to hear your voice—singing.” “You’ll have to give me time to practice,” said Arthur. “You’re—you’re so good , and it’s been years now.” “We’ll practice together,” said Llewyn. Arthur smiled at him. “Okay. We can practice together.” He touched Llewyn again, cupping his hand to the side of the smaller man’s face, and Llewyn smiled back. Then Arthur thought about Llewyn’s present, and he was the one to pull away. He fastened the clasps on the guitar case, ran his hands over its surface, then picked it up and leaned over to put it on the floor beside the bed. “You’re gonna trip over that in the night and bust your ass,” said Llewyn. Arthur sighed, “No, I’m not.” “Yeah you are. You get up to piss like, ten times a night, and you’re always tripping over shit.” “I’m not going to trip over my Christmas present, Llewyn,” said Arthur. He turned back to Llewyn and scooped up the new bathrobe. “I like the robe too. It really is a nice color. Matches my hat.” “That fucking hat,” said Llewyn. “You get one more night in your old robe, then tomorrow morning I’m tossing it.” “Okay,” said Arthur. He draped the new robe over the guitar case then put his hand under the blanket to feel the small, hard box holding Llewyn’s gift. Llewyn crawled up the bed on his hands and knees, and got in when he reached the top. “You really like the guitar?” he asked Arthur. “Yes, Llewyn,” said Arthur. “I really like it. I want it, and I want to make music with you.” Llewyn smiled again, a little, then asked, “Did you bring me a present from the tree? Or are you gonna make me wait until morning?” “I brought you something,” said Arthur. He clenched his fingers over the box and looked down at the bedspread. It was brown and green. Llewyn hated it, but not enough to go shopping with Arthur for a new one. Arthur took a deep breath and said, “Llewyn, I’ll—I’ll take it back as soon as I can. Thursday, I guess, the store will be open again.” “Take what back? The guitar?” Even without looking at Llewyn, Arthur could imagine the crease that appeared between his eyebrows when he was puzzled. “No, no, your present,” said Arthur. “What I got you. Because you aren’t going to like it. I’ll get the money back for it and get you something else. Or—or just give you the money. Let you buy whatever you want with it.” “What the hell, you got me something you knew I wasn’t going to like?” Llewyn sounded like he was chuckling, and Arthur’s misery abruptly returned in full force. “It’s not that,” Arthur muttered. “I thought you’d like it at the time. But now I know you won’t.” “The fuck are you talking about? You liked your present, and I thought you might not. I’ll like mine,” said Llewyn, but Arthur shook his head. “This is different. You—you said—” Arthur set his jaw and looked away, to his right, so Llewyn wouldn’t see the trembling in it. Llewyn groaned, “Just give me it, okay? How’d you put it—I can’t say I don’t like it if you won’t give it to me.” That was entirely the point, but Arthur decided it was better to just get the whole thing over with. He pulled his hand out from under the blanket, reached over to Llewyn, and dropped the little box in his lap. “There,” Arthur said. “I’ll take it back on Thursday.” “You think I’m not gonna like it because you didn’t wrap it? At least I wrapped your guitar in that robe,” griped Llewyn. Then he took the slick, white cardboard lid off the box and saw the ring case inside. “Arthur,” he said. Arthur squeezed his eyes shut. “I’m sorry,” he said. “I’ll take it back.” “Like hell you will,” muttered Llewyn. He flipped the box over so the case slid out, then dropped the box and picked up the case. “Arthur. Look at me.” Arthur opened his eyes and looked at him. Llewyn handed the case to him. “Ask me,” said Llewyn. “What?” “If you’re proposing to me, you’re gonna fucking do it right,” said Llewyn. Arthur stared at him. Llewyn looked back then said, “Or are you not proposing to me?” “I’m. . . ,” said Arthur. “We can’t—it won’t be legal, we won’t be married in the—the eyes of the law. But. . . but I asked around. Discreetly. And there are people who—there’s a minister who’ll do it. Even though we’re both men. They do things like that now, have ceremonies for. . . for—” “Arthur,” said Llewyn, “fucking ask me.” Arthur’s hands were shaking as he opened the case and held it up so Llewyn could see the ring. “Will you marry me, Llewyn?” he asked. “You fucking dork,” said Llewyn, “of course I’ll marry you.” He looked a little like he was going to cry, but Arthur had only seen Llewyn cry once, after his father died. Llewyn blinked his dark eyes, and then he looked like he usually did. He held out his left hand, palm down. “Put it on me,” he said. Arthur nearly dropped the case as he got the ring out. The ring was a little big on Llewyn’s finger when Arthur slid it on, but it looked nice. It was a thick silver band with a row of tiny diamonds set deep in it. Llewyn’s skin looked very tan in contrast to the silver, and to Arthur’s own pale hand when he folded it under Llewyn’s and rubbed his thumb across Llewyn’s fingers. “I’ll get one for you,” said Llewyn. Arthur said, “You don’t have to,” but Llewyn shook his head. “You’re not parading around that office without a wedding ring, if we’re really married.” Llewyn closed his fingers over Arthur’s hand, leaned up, and kissed his mouth, softly. “I thought you wouldn’t want it,” said Arthur when Llewyn sat back again. “You said everyone was hung up on the ring, and you weren’t a piece of property. You told Phoebe you were pretending to be my wife. That I lied when I said you were my wife.” “You did lie,” said Llewyn, “because we aren’t married yet. But about the ring—I only said that ‘cos I wanted one. Like the fuckin’ whatsit. . . the fox and the grapes.” He paused. “And I was drunk. I’m still a little drunk, but I want the ring. You’ll have to cut my fuckin’ finger off if you want to take it back.” “You really want to marry me?” asked Arthur, to be sure. “You want to be with me, forever.” “Yeah,” said Llewyn. “I wanna be with you, forever.” He let go of Arthur’s hand and slid farther under the covers, lying down. Arthur leaned over to turn off the lamp on the nightstand, then lay down too, beside Llewyn. When he put an arm over Llewyn’s side, the smaller man pressed up against his chest. “I love you,” Llewyn mumbled into Arthur’s old bathrobe. “I love you too,” said Arthur. -- The next morning, Arthur woke up first, and he lay there a while watching Llewyn sleep. Usually he had to get up for work and didn’t have time for that. Llewyn was asleep on his side with his face turned toward Arthur, and Arthur pushed his fingers through the dark brown curls of hair just past Llewyn’s temple. Then he stroked Llewyn’s cheek. It was still smooth; if Llewyn had just shaved instead of waxed, he’d have had stubble already. Finally, Arthur leaned down to kiss Llewyn’s forehead then got up. He tripped over the new guitar case and swore under his breath when he stubbed his toe. He changed into his new bathrobe, picked up the guitar case, and went to the kitchen to start the coffee. While he waited for Llewyn to wake up, Arthur sat on the couch with his new guitar and one of Llewyn’s picks, which he found between the couch cushions. Llewyn had guitar picks lying all over the house, some in places far more improbable than between the cushions, but Arthur decided he’d get some of his own. He’d thrown all his old ones away when he sold the guitar. Arthur started picking out “Greensleeves” since it was Christmas. He was badly out of practice. He stopped and moved Llewyn’s inside-out dress off the back of the couch, where it kept falling over his shoulders. He tuned the guitar and started playing again. After a while, he glanced up and saw Llewyn standing in the doorway to the hall, watching him. Arthur stopped playing. “Sing something,” said Llewyn. He was wearing Arthur’s old bathrobe over his shorts and t-shirt. The robe had been short on Arthur, so it didn’t reach the ground even on Llewyn. “I was cold,” Llewyn added when he saw Arthur looking at it. “I don’t want to sing,” said Arthur, “not with you listening. I need to practice first.” “Sing,” said Llewyn. Arthur plucked out six of the same note and sang flatly, “Jin-gle bells. Jin-gle bells.” “Fuck you,” said Llewyn, but he was laughing at the same time. He came and sat down beside Arthur. “Play ‘Greensleeves’ again. I’ll sing.” He sang the Christmas lyrics, “What Child Is This,” and he didn’t make fun of Arthur when Arthur messed up on some of the chords. Arthur finally sang with him on the refrain, the two of them looking into each other’s eyes: This, this is Christ the King Whom shepherds guard and angels sing Haste, haste to bring him laud The babe, the son of Mary Llewyn stopped singing after that, and when Arthur quit playing and looked at him, he shrugged and said, “I only know the first verse. It’s a hard song—you’re doing good.” “It was always one of my favorites,” said Arthur. “My mom’s too. It was the one thing she liked to hear me play.” “Oh,” said Llewyn. He looked down at the guitar a minute, then back up at Arthur. “You really like the guitar?” “Yeah,” said Arthur. He looked at Llewyn’s hand. “You really like the ring?” Llewyn put his hands up on either side of Arthur’s face and kissed him. “I really like the ring,” he whispered. -- To be continued Chapter 3 Summary: The song mentioned here is anachronistic since it was released in the 70s by Big Star, one of my favorite bands. But I can’t come up with song lyrics to save my life, so I have to steal them :P (And anyway, part of it’s about the Vietnam War, and that was going on at the time of this story.) The song is called “Stroke It Noel” and was written by Alex Chilton, and it’s one of the most beautiful songs in the world <3 Tuesday, December 31, 1963 On New Year’s Eve, they went to a party at Jim’s. He and Jean had bought a house, twice as big as Arthur’s ranch-style home, once they started making enough money to afford it. The party was the first time Llewyn and Arthur had been there. They both brought their guitars, and Arthur was wearing his cowboy hat. Llewyn wore his ring. Arthur didn’t think anyone would notice that, but after he’d let them in and shaken their hands, Jim pulled Arthur aside and whispered in alarm, “Llewyn’s wearing a ring! Did he get married?” Arthur shook his head and said, “No, he didn’t get married.” Jim looked as if he expected Arthur to explain what the ring meant, in that case, but Arthur pretended he didn’t get it and went over to where Llewyn had stopped to talk to someone else. Jim followed and took their coats. Jean’s baby had been a boy, and she was carrying it around. Arthur wondered why she hadn’t found a baby sitter, but then he didn’t know much about babies. It was very young, just a couple months old, so maybe it wasn’t much trouble. She came over to where Llewyn and Arthur were and asked Arthur if he was playing again. “A little,” he said. “I’m still way out of practice, but Llewyn made me bring the guitar. I’m not going to play it though.” “Yes you are,” Llewyn said. “You’re better than you think you are. We’re going to play something together.” They had been working on a song, together, over the past week, but Arthur didn’t think he was ready to play it for anyone. Llewyn intimidated him, although Arthur wouldn’t tell him so. When they sang together, even alone in their living room, Arthur flashed back to the studio, singing with Llewyn and Jim and pretending not to notice the bewildered looks Llewyn gave him, as if Llewyn couldn’t quite figure out what this cowboy-hatted loser was doing there. And anyway, Llewyn was good, better than anyone gave him credit for, and Arthur knew he couldn’t compare. Jean had said something else while Arthur was thinking all that. Apparently, she had asked him something, because she was looking at him like she expected an answer. “I’m sorry, what?” Arthur asked. “I said, Jim said you sold your guitar. He thought it was a real shame,” said Jean. “You bought a new one?” “Oh. Yeah, I sold it a couple years ago, but Llew bought me this one for Christmas.” Arthur looked down at the case, where he’d set it on the hardwood floor by his feet. It made him feel better, and he smiled, and when he glanced over at Llewyn, Llewyn was smiling too. Llewyn had smiled a lot the past few days. He had been in an exceptionally good mood all week, and Arthur had enjoyed it, all the more because he knew it wouldn’t last. Llewyn would be back to his usual surly self soon enough, probably long before they actually got married, but his smiling so much meant he really did like the ring, and he really did want to marry Arthur. “You bought him a guitar?” Jean said to Llewyn. It was the first time she’d spoken to him. “Yeah,” said Llewyn. “And a new bathrobe. His old one was falling apart.” He still hadn’t let Arthur throw the old one away, though; Llewyn kept sleeping in it. Neither of them told Jean that. “What’d he get you?” Jean asked. Llewyn grinned abruptly, showing his white teeth and crinkling the skin in the corners of his eyes. Arthur didn’t know if he’d ever seen Llewyn look so happy before. “A new coat,” Llewyn told her. “First really warm coat I’ve had in years. Jim took it, I think he put it in the bedroom.” “Oh,” said Jean. She looked suspicious, but then Jim called her to come help him mix the drinks, and she held out the baby to Arthur. “Here, hold him a second,” she said. “I’ll be right back. His name’s James,” she added over her shoulder after Arthur had taken the baby, awkwardly, and she was walking away. “I guess they named it after Jim,” said Llewyn. He watched Arthur readjust the baby to lie cradled in his long arms. It had blue eyes, and they fixed on Arthur’s face. Arthur grinned and made noises at it. The baby smiled. “You’re good with kids,” said Llewyn. He sounded surprised. Arthur shrugged. “I like kids. I just don’t really. . . know what to do with them. But I like them.” “Good to know,” said Llewyn, “in case you ever knock me up.” “Llew!” Arthur hissed in a scandalized tone over the baby’s head, as if it could understand. Llewyn smirked at him. Jean came back a minute later and took the baby from Arthur. She carried it over to show it off to some of the other girls, and Llewyn watched her go. “She’s being nicer to me,” he observed. Arthur scowled and picked up his guitar case and went to sit on one of the Berkeys’ sofas. They had two now in a living room bigger than Arthur and Llewyn’s. Arthur watched the other guests—a few of them musicians he knew, but most of them people he didn’t, important friends of Jim and Jean, probably. Llewyn followed and sat down next to him. “Don’t get pissy,” Llewyn muttered. “She didn’t even want me touching her kid. You don’t have anything to be jealous about.” “I’m not jealous,” Arthur muttered back. He looked at Llewyn to see if he was watching Jean, but Llewyn was looking back at him. He hadn’t shaved since waxing for the office party, and the week’s worth of beard darkened and softened his jaw line. Arthur liked rubbing his fingertips over it; it was soft since the hair had been waxed instead of shaved. “You look nice tonight,” said Arthur. “Really handsome.” “So do you,” said Llewyn. His eyes moved over Arthur’s face. “I know I give you shit about the hat, but you look good in it. It suits you. You gonna wear it when we start doing shows together?” “Llew,” Arthur mumbled. “I don’t. . . I don’t know about that. Us performing, I mean.” Llewyn frowned, but then he leaned back on the sofa and said, “We’ll talk about it later.” They’d arrived around ten, and by eleven, the cocktails were gone and everyone had moved on to harder liquor. Jim said they had champagne, but they were saving it for midnight. They had the television on. Most everyone was ignoring Arthur and Llewyn, so Arthur watched the TV and Llewyn drank. “I’m cold,” Llewyn muttered. “Can’t they afford some heat on all that fuckin’ money they’re making?” “Hunh?” Arthur looked down at him. “I said, it’s fuckin’ freezing in here.” Llewyn was burrowed down between two of the couch cushions with his arms around himself. With his unruly hair, Arthur thought he looked like some kind of small, grumpy winter bird. The overdressed, overweight, and tipsy wife of Jim and Jean’s manager was sitting on half of each of the right two cushions on the couch, and Llewyn was pressed against Arthur’s side to avoid her. “Jean at least oughta keep it warm for the kid,” Llewyn went on. “Or wrap him up better or something.” He glared across the room at her, where she was trying to wake the baby up for one of her girlfriends. When it was finally roused, the baby looked about as cold and as grumpy as Llewyn did. “Do you want me to go get your coat?” Arthur asked Llewyn. “Jim said he was putting our coats in the guest room, didn’t he?” “No, don’t get up.” Llewyn’s dark eyes flicked back to Arthur’s face. “Don’t leave me alone.” “I’ll be right back,” Arthur said, but Llewyn shook his head so hard, a curl of his hair bounced at the side of his head. He was already pretty tipsy himself. “No, someone might talk to me,” he muttered. He leaned even closer in to Arthur’s side. “Just warm me up.” Arthur looked around, but no one was paying attention to them. He put his arm up on the back of the couch, behind Llewyn, then thought, What the hell does it matter what anyone thinks, and wrapped his arm around Llewyn’s shoulders instead. Llewyn rested his head against Arthur’s shoulder. “You’re always so warm,” Llewyn said. Arthur smiled and bent his arm at the elbow to reach up and smooth the curl of dark brown hair back into place. When he looked around again, Jean was watching them from across the room while her girlfriend cooed at the now fussy baby. She saw Arthur watching her watching, but she didn’t look away. Arthur thought about disentangling himself from Llewyn, but then Jean met his gaze, and he changed his mind. Instead, he lifted his glass of rum and Coke and took a long drink, his eyes riveted on hers over the glass as he hugged Llewyn closer to him. “Hey, gimme some of that,” Llewyn muttered, reaching for the glass. Arthur finally looked away from Jean and down at Llewyn. “What happened to yours?” “I had bourbon,” said Llewyn. “Straight. But it’s gone.” He closed his small hand around the glass, over Arthur’s, and pulled it to his lips. “Fine, here.” Arthur watched him drink, the way Llewyn’s pretty lips looked curled against the rim of glass. “You’re already blitzed, Llew, and you said you’d drive home.” “You can drive,” said Llewyn. “Are you warmer now?” Arthur asked him. “A little.” Llewyn let him take the glass back, but it was nearly empty anyway. “Good,” said Arthur. He wanted to kiss Llewyn, to taste the last of his drink on those pretty lips and in the hot cavern of his mouth. Arthur leaned forward to set the glass down on the floor, behind his guitar case. “Hey, let’s have some music,” Jean said, before Arthur had straightened up. When he looked at her again, she was looking at Jim but speaking loud enough for everyone to hear. The buzzing din of conversation fell away somewhat as a couple people said “yeah.” “Records?” Jim asked her, and she shook her head. “No, wasn’t Llewyn going to play something?” She looked back at them on the couch, and so did a bunch of other people. Arthur had slipped his arm away from Llewyn seconds before. Jean looked at him and added, “With Al. Sorry—with Arthur.” “Yeah,” said Llewyn. His voice was slightly slurred, and slightly aggressive. “Yeah, we were.” Arthur shook his head. “Not me. You go ahead, Llewyn.” He knew from experience that Llewyn could play drunk, way drunker than he was now. “You and me both,” said Llewyn, “Al.” He bent over to get his guitar out of its case. Arthur sighed and got his out too. “Didn’t know you still played anymore, Cody,” someone said to Arthur. His face was familiar, but Arthur couldn’t have placed it. “He didn’t,” said Jean, “but he’s with Llewyn now.” Arthur flushed, although everyone else would probably understand “with” in the sense of a musical partnership. Jean smiled at them both and asked, “Have you started recording yet?” “No,” said Arthur. He hated her. “No,” said Llewyn at the same time. “We’re writing right now. And practicing—getting used to playing together again.” He had his guitar on his lap, and he turned his head to look up at Arthur again through his eyelashes. “Feeling each other out.” “Yeah,” said Arthur. “Feeling each other out.” Llewyn smiled at him, a secret little smile that barely shifted the perfect lips surrounded by scruffy beard; then he turned back to his guitar. They played a song Llewyn had started writing but they’d finished together. Arthur still didn’t think he was good enough, but he tried to forget that and just enjoy being with Llewyn, singing, blending his deep voice with Llewyn’s lighter one. And by the second verse, Arthur had forgotten everything but the man beside him as they sang: “And they say that we’re lazy men, drinking our white wine. We could go right insane ‘cos we can buy the time.” Arthur fell silent and stilled his fingers over the strings of his new guitar and let Llewyn sing on alone so Arthur could watch him. “Oh, keepin’ an eye on the sky, will they come, all the bombs?” Llewyn’s eyes lifted back to Arthur’s, that little line of puzzlement between his brows momentarily until Arthur strummed his strings hard and sang with him again. Then Llewyn smiled, not small and secret this time but broad, and Arthur smiled too, even though his smile was goofy and dorky, because he was singing with the man he loved. “Do ya wanna dance?” they sang to each other. “Easy now, easy now, do ya wanna dance?” When they finished, everyone but Jean applauded them, and her hands were occupied with the baby. No one seemed to have understood the way they looked at each other, except maybe Jim, who fixed on them eyes the color of his son’s, with the same sort of open curiosity the baby had shown upon being deposited into a stranger’s arms. Jim could be disarmingly naïve, far less so than his wife, but Arthur supposed that Jim had known Llewyn pretty well, once upon a time, and that Jim had known him fairly well too. Then Jean handed the baby to Jim and asked him to put it to bed, and by the time he came back, he had apparently forgotten about Llewyn and Arthur. He and Jean sang together, of course, absorbing the other guests’ attention so that Arthur could safely put his guitar away. Llewyn held his on his lap a while longer but eventually put it back in its case too. Arthur rested his arm along the back of the sofa until Llewyn leaned into the crook of his shoulder again; then Arthur put the arm around Llewyn and held him. He kept his arm there even when Jim started passing out glasses of champagne near midnight. Jim gave them that same curious look when he gave them their drinks, but he didn’t say anything. The TV was still going. It was tuned to NBC and Ben Grauer broadcasting from Times Square. “Goodbye ’63,” Grauer said, and one of Jim’s guests muttered, “Good riddance.” Grauer continued, “Hello ’64!” In Jim and Jean’s living room, they counted down as the ball fell in Times Square. Llewyn had been to Times Square at New Year’s before, but Arthur hadn’t. Looking at the crowd on the TV, he was glad they weren’t there now. He would rather be sitting on the couch with Llewyn warm and drunk beside him, even if the couch was in the Berkeys’ living room. “The ball’s moving, moving. . . almost at the bottom of the pole,” narrated Grauer. “There it is! 1964!” -- Wednesday, January 1, 1964 People in the living room turned to each other and kissed. Jim and Jean kissed, and Arthur caught Llewyn’s chin in his hand. He tilted it up and bent his head and kissed Llewyn deeply. “Mmnh!” said Llewyn, and Arthur could feel the vibration of his vocal cords in his mouth as Arthur tasted champagne on his tongue. Arthur let Llewyn go after a few seconds, and the smaller man sat back, breathless. “Fuck,” he whispered. He picked up his glass off the floor and drained it. Arthur didn’t think anyone had seen them kiss, but by the time he tipped back his own glass and swallowed the contents, he didn’t care if they had. Around them, people had started singing. Llewyn sang too after he swallowed, then so did Arthur: For auld lang syne, my dear, for auld lang syne We’ll take a cup of kindness yet for auld lang syne When they’d finished singing, The Tonight Show had come on, and Johnny Carson was talking to Rudy Vallee. Arthur watched them and drank—another glass of champagne when Jim came by with the bottle, then bourbon when he came by with that—until he had to piss too badly to wait any longer. When he stood up, the room spun. “Shit,” he muttered, and Llewyn laughed. “You’re fuckin’ blitzed, yourself,” he taunted. “Fuck off, Llew,” Arthur said. He stood very still until he was sure he could walk without stumbling. “You gonna be all right by yourself a second?” “Yeah sure, no one’s gonna talk to me now . But the question is, are you gonna be all right?” Llewyn leaned back on the couch, both arms along the back and knees spread apart. The manager and his wife had left right after midnight, and Llewyn had the couch to himself now. “Yeah, I’m coming right back,” said Arthur. “You can barely stand up,” retorted Llewyn. “I’d better come with you and help.” He got to his feet, wobbling. “I don’t need your help to go piss, Llew,” Arthur said. Llewyn grabbed his arm and nearly made him lose his precarious balance. “You sure? Big as your cock is, maybe I’d better come hold it for you,” suggested Llewyn. The look on his face was entirely serious, as far as Arthur could tell. “No, sit down.” Arthur pushed him back down to sit on the couch, almost falling after him. “If we both go, people’ll know.” “Know what?” Llewyn was looking at him that way again, up through his eyelashes the way he looked at Arthur when Llewyn went down on him. Thinking about that made Arthur start to get hard, and he wondered if he’d be able to piss at all. “People’ll know that we, that we’re—that we’re together,” Arthur mumbled. “I don’t care,” said Llewyn. “I’ll tell ‘em right now.” “No you won’t, just stay here.” Arthur stumbled off to the bathroom alone, although he was afraid Llewyn might follow him anyway. Llewyn didn’t, and when Arthur got back, Llewyn already had another glass of liquor—Arthur didn’t know what it was, and he still didn’t know after he’d sat down and Llewyn had handed him the glass and he’d taken a swallow. “That’s it for me,” Arthur said when he handed it back. “Can’t drink anymore, I gotta drive us home.” “Like hell you’re driving,” mumbled Llewyn. He drained the glass. “You’ll kill us both. We gotta stay here.” “No, we can’t stay here.” Arthur looked over at Jean. “I couldn’t ask to—” “Don’t have to. I’ll ask,” Llewyn interrupted him. “I’m used to asking if I can stay over. Asked you, didn’t I?” He set the glass down, got up, and knocked the glass over when he bumped it with his foot. Arthur leaned forward to stop him, but the room spun again, and he ended up sitting back and watching Llewyn make his way over to Jim. Llewyn’s hips swayed more in his tight slacks than they had in the dress a week before. Jim spoke to Llewyn and looked over at Arthur, and then Llewyn came sauntering back. “He said we can stay,” Llewyn told Arthur, “in the guest room. Our coats are already there.” He flopped back down on the couch. “So’s everyone else’s,” said Arthur. Since he didn’t have to drive, he kept drinking, and by around two-thirty the party was breaking up. Jim must have told Jean that they were staying, because she scowled at Arthur then refused to look at him again, but at least she didn’t make a scene about it. After a while, Arthur got up and tried to help by giving people their coats as they left, but he kept getting the coats mixed up, so finally Jim told him to go get Llewyn off the couch because it didn’t look like he could walk on his own. “There’s just the one bed,” Jim said. “I guess one of you could sleep on the couch out here.” Arthur started laughing but managed to get out, “We don’t mind sh-sharing,” before he went to get Llewyn up on his feet. They collected their guitars and staggered back to the bedroom together. “The bathroom’s attached,” Jim said as he gathered up the last couple coats besides theirs. “Try to be quiet if you get up first in the morning—Jean’ll want to sleep in. She’s already gone to bed.” “Fuckin’ Jean,” muttered Llewyn. “Or not. Bet you’re not gettin’ any now that the kid’s here, right?” “Shut up, Llew,” said Arthur. “Sorry,” he told Jim over Llewyn’s head. Jim laughed. “I’m used to Llewyn. You don’t have to apologize for him,” Jim said. “Yeah I do. He’s kinda my responsibility now,” said Arthur. He looked down at Llewyn and smiled. “Fuckin’ straight,” said Llewyn. When Jim went out with the coats, Arthur shut the door. Llewyn staggered over to the bed, turned around, and fell down on it, landing on his back on top of their coats. “Happy fuckin’ New Year,” he said. “Get over here, I wanna fuck you.” “Ugh, Llew, we can’t,” Arthur protested. “Not in Jim’s house.” “Why the hell not.” Llewyn had unfastened his pants and was trying to work them down past his hips while sprawled on the bed. “Someone needs to get laid in this house. You know she’s not putting out.” “For Chrissakes, quit talking about Jean,” muttered Arthur. He went over to the bed and looked down at Llewyn on it, the triangle of his abdomen exposed by his opened pants. The hair was growing back there too. “You’re still jealous,” said Llewyn. “Well you know what’ll show her? Me fucking you in her house.” He reached up a hand to grasp Arthur’s shirt and tug at it until he got the front untucked; then he shoved his hand under it to grope Arthur roughly. Arthur’s hips bucked forward all on their own, and he started getting hard. Llewyn raked his low-lidded eyes up Arthur’s body then fixed them on his face. He sucked his lower lip in between his teeth then released it, slowly. “Baby, you’re the one I want,” he mumbled. “Just you.” Arthur had just enough presence of mind to get their coats out of the way first. He stripped off their pants and knelt on the bed over Llewyn, but then he realized they didn’t have any lube. “Look in the bathroom,” said Llewyn. “They have a baby, they gotta have, like. . . Vaseline or baby oil or some shit.” “Not in the guest bathroom,” Arthur argued, but he stumbled in it and rummaged around until he found some lotion and decided it would be good enough. He straddled Llewyn’s narrow hips and stroked his cock with the lotion while Llewyn fingered him roughly. “C’mon Al,” Llewyn growled after a minute, “ride me, cowboy.” Arthur sank down on him and started fucking himself on Llewyn’s cock. Llewyn groaned and closed his eyes. “Oh yeah baby, just like that,” he breathed. “So good.” “Yeah,” Arthur hissed. Llewyn began flicking his hips up, and Arthur tilted his head back and panted as he felt Llewyn’s cock thrusting inside him. Llewyn reached up and fumbled to undo the buttons on Arthur’s shirt. When he got it open, he spread his hands over the larger man’s chest and squeezed his pecs. Llewyn whispered, “You’re fuckin’ beautiful, Arthur.” “No,” Arthur gasped as they moved together. “‘M not, I’m—nngh!” Llewyn pinched his nipples, hard, to shut him up. “Fuckin’ beautiful,” Llewyn said again. He dropped his hands to Arthur’s hip bones, then grasped his cock and started jerking him off. Arthur grunted and tensed around him and throbbed in his hand. When he lowered his head to look at Llewyn, the smaller man under him was looking back, lip back between his teeth and lashes lowered to curtain his brown eyes. Arthur pushed Llewyn’s shirt up to his chest and rubbed his hands up Llewyn’s body. “You’re so small,” Arthur mumbled. Between the alcohol and the mind-numbing pleasure of Llewyn’s hand and dick working him over, Arthur wasn’t very coherent. He splayed his large hands over Llewyn’s chest, and they covered it. Arthur rode Llewyn harder until he came, shooting on Llewyn’s stomach while Llewyn growled filthy things between his clenched teeth. When Arthur’s orgasm made him clamp down around Llewyn’s cock, Llewyn grunted and tensed, and a second later he came too. “Haahh,” Llewyn breathed. He dropped his head back on the bed and closed his eyes. When he fumbled his hands up Arthur’s body and tugged at his shoulders, Arthur lay down on him, and Llewyn held him. They fell asleep like that. When Arthur woke up, he was cold and still drunk. Llewyn’s cock had come out of him when it softened, and they were stuck together with both their cum. They were still wearing their shirts, but Arthur’s hat was lying on the floor. “Fuck,” Arthur mumbled. He peeled himself off of Llewyn and staggered to the bathroom and came back with a towel he’d dunked in the sink. Llewyn woke up when Arthur started rubbing him with the cold towel. “ Shit , Al, what the fuck,” he mumbled. Arthur wiped himself off too then threw the towel on the floor and got back in bed. He pulled the blankets up over them, curled himself around Llewyn, and said, “Go back to sleep.” “Al,” Llewyn mumbled, already half asleep again, “I was dreaming. Dreamed we had a kid. D’ya want kids?” “Yeah,” said Arthur. He had one arm draped over Llewyn’s back, and he ran his hand up and down the smaller man’s spine through his shirt. “Always have.” “Shit,” said Llewyn. Arthur tried to figure out what he’d said wrong, why Llewyn would have that reaction. He doesn’t like kids? Arthur wondered fuzzily. Doesn’t. . . oh. Fuck. “I mean, I used to,” Arthur amended. “Back when I thought I’d marry a woman.” “Shit,” said Llewyn again. “I don’t anymore,” said Arthur. “Want kids, I mean, not think I’ll marry a woman. I mean. . . I know I won’t marry a woman either, but I don’t—don’t want. . . . Shit,” he said himself. “I’m sorry,” Llewyn mumbled against his chest. “Sorry for what?” Arthur had been about to apologize himself with the vague idea that what he said had probably hurt Llewyn’s feelings, and that Llewyn might get pissed about it. Instead, Llewyn sounded sad. “I’m sorry I can’t give you that—can’t give you kids,” said Llewyn. “It’s okay,” said Arthur. “I don’t want—” “Yes you do, you don’t stop wanting kids just ‘cos you decide you like fucking guys,” muttered Llewyn. “I’m sorry. If I could get pregnant, I’d do it for you.” “Christ, Llew,” Arthur groaned with a weak chuckle. “That’s fuckin’ kinky.” “I’m sorry I f-fucked your life up,” Llewyn said. His voice broke, and Arthur wondered if he was crying. Maybe he was still that drunk. “Aw, Llew, baby,” Arthur said, “don’t.” He hauled Llewyn’s body up a bit and lifted his head with both hands. Llewyn was crying, a little. “Llewyn, I love you,” Arthur told him. He tried to think of an eloquent way to say how much he loved Llewyn, but all he could come up with was, “I love you a fucking lot. If I didn’t have you, I wouldn’t have married a woman. If I didn’t have you, I’d be alone ‘cos. . . ‘cos you’re all I want. I wanted you the first time I saw you. Even though you thought I was crazy.” Llewyn sniffled. “You are crazy. For wanting me. And in general.” Arthur pulled Llewyn down against him and nuzzled aside the curls of hair over his ear to whisper, “You didn’t fuck my life up, you got me to start living again.” “You’re a fuckin’ sap, Arthur,” mumbled Llewyn. “And I fuckin’ love you.” -- To be continued Chapter 4 : Epilogue When Llewyn woke up, it was past noon. His head throbbed and his mouth felt fuzzy, and he didn’t know where he was. All of which were pretty familiar sensations, except he hadn’t felt the last one in a long time. For a second, he panicked, but then he realized Arthur was beside him, snoring loudly through his large nose, and Llewyn decided everything was okay. He sat up, winced, and scrubbed his hand over his beard. Strange room, strange bed, Arthur. Jim’s , he thought. This is Jim’s house. We crashed here. A little more of it came back. We fucked, then we crashed here. Jean’s gonna have to wash sheets with our cum all over them. Llewyn grinned. There was something else too, he remembered being upset about something. Did we have another fight? No, because Arthur had been nice to him, he’d said. . . something. Oh well. If Arthur wasn’t pissed at him, the rest of it didn’t matter. Llewyn looked down at Arthur and nudged his shoulder to no effect. He leaned down and kissed Arthur’s nose, winced again at the aching pressure in his head, then rolled out of bed. There was a towel on the floor, and he kicked it out of the way as he stumbled to the bathroom to start the shower. Llewyn noticed he was still wearing his shirt as he got in the shower, and he managed to strip it off and toss it out into the bathroom before it got too wet. The hot water woke him up and the steam dulled the throb of his head. He worked water through his hair with his fingers and washed his face, then stopped to catch a mouthful of water and rinse his mouth. He swished it around and spat, realized he had to piss, and, in a fit of inspiration, did that too. Jean wouldn’t know he’d done it, but there’s no way she wouldn’t know what they’d done to her sheets, and that was vindication enough. When Llewyn went back into the bedroom, buttoning up his shirt, Arthur was still asleep. Llewyn pulled his pants on and went to the kitchen to look for something to eat. Jim was there washing the party glasses in the sink, and he looked over his shoulder when Llewyn came in. “Morning,” said Llewyn. “It’s afternoon,” said Jim. “It’s after one. Arthur still asleep?” “Yeah.” Llewyn raked a hand through his damp hair. “You said to be quiet this morning.” Jim didn’t say anything and turned back to the sink. Llewyn thought about asking if he could make some coffee, then changed his mind and rummaged through the refrigerator instead. As he was popping the cap off a bottle of Coke using a metal opener mounted on the wall, Jim finished the dishes and dried his hands. “Jean’s out with the baby,” Jim said. “Yeah?” Llewyn took a swig of Coke. “We gotta talk,” Jim said. “Oh.” Llewyn swallowed. “Okay.” Jim gestured at the round kitchen table, and Llewyn sat down and set his Coke bottle on the center of the linen placemat in front of him. Jim sat in the chair across from him and fingered the edge of his own placemat. Llewyn wondered if they had to talk about Jean. Finally, when Jim didn’t say anything, Llewyn asked, “What do we gotta talk about?” “Arthur,” Jim said. “You and Arthur. We—we heard you last night. Heard you, um. . . .” “Fucking?” Llewyn prompted, nearly giddy with relief that Jim didn’t want to talk about Jean. Llewyn’s headache was fading, and now he remembered something else from last night, sprawling on the sofa and telling Arthur he didn’t care who knew about them. Even sober, Llewyn didn’t care if Jim knew. In fact, he wanted Jim to know. “Yeah,” muttered Jim. “We heard you fucking.” “Yeah,” said Llewyn. He looked at Jim and waited, wondering what else there was to say about it. Jim was looking down at the table, but he finally lifted his eyes back to Llewyn’s face, then dropped them to his hand. “Uh, the ring you’re wearing. I thought you’d gotten married, but Arthur said no.” “Oh—no.” Llewyn spread his fingers and glanced at his ring before looking at Jim again. “Engaged. We’re not married yet.” When Llewyn said “engaged,” Jim frowned a little, but a second after Llewyn said “married,” Jim’s face relaxed into amazement. “Wait—you mean. . . you and—and Arthur?” he stammered. “Yeah. . . ?” Llewyn studied him then said, “You thought I was engaged to some girl and. . . and cheating on her with him?” Jim’s cheeks flushed above his beard, but he met Llewyn’s eyes again without flinching. “Yeah. That’s what I thought.” “Oh,” said Llewyn, and reminded himself that he hadn’t been around Jim much for a long, long time. “I. . . see where you might think that. That it might be something I would do.” Jim nodded, cautiously. “But I wouldn’t. Not now.” Llewyn curled his fingers under his hand, making a fist with his ring still upturned. He looked at it, then looked at Jim again. “I wouldn’t cheat on Arthur. I haven’t been with anyone else in—” He had to stop and add it up in his head. “Three years, just about.” “Three. . . what the fuck, Llewyn!” Jim gasped. He hadn’t cursed since they got to the party last night, but Llewyn’s monogamy coaxed it out of him. “You’ve—this has been going on three years ? Why didn’t you—” He stopped then too, because of course he knew why Llewyn hadn’t told him. There was a whole slew of reasons why Llewyn wouldn’t tell him. “Yeah,” said Llewyn. “I left my guitar with him while I was in the Merchant Marines. Fucked him before I left, then when I got back, I went to pick up my guitar and. . . .” He shrugged. “And I stayed.” Jim’s blue eyes looked huge with surprise. “You were gone a year, weren’t you? You mean you never—the whole time—” Llewyn shrugged again. “No.” Jim still looked comically surprised, and Llewyn was starting to enjoy himself, so he said, “I’d fallen in love.” “You fell in love. You . With Al Cody —Arthur. With Arthur.” “Yeah,” said Llewyn. “That’s—that’s some crazy shit,” said Jim. “Some crazy, wonderful shit.” He’s happy, Llewyn realized. He’s happy for me. For us. I’ll be damned. “But how can you get married?” Jim was asking. “Men can’t marry each other.” “Arthur knows somebody,” said Llewyn. “A minister—Episcopalian I think. I mean, it’ll be under the table, not like the church condones it. And it won’t be, you know, legal. But that’s not what matters.” “No,” said Jim, “I guess it isn’t.” He smiled, and Llewyn smiled too. Then Jim leaned forward a little and asked in a hushed tone, “What’s it like?” “What’s what like? Being with Arthur?” “Yeah—well I mean, not Arthur specifically, but with another man?” Jim looked embarrassed and intrigued and mischievous all at once, like a kid showing his friends a porn mag he’d found. Llewyn shrugged. “It’s different. But good. I like it.” He paused. “Arthur’s cock is huge.” Jim blushed and sat back in his chair. After a minute, he asked, “So who’s the woman?” “What?” Llewyn squinted at him. “Who’s the woman, you or him?” “Oh. It doesn’t—it’s not like that,” said Llewyn. Jim smirked. “It’s you, isn’t it?” “There’s not a man and a woman,” Llewyn grumbled. “We’re both men. Sometimes I fuck him, sometimes he fucks me. Last night, I fucked him, and the first time, I fucked him.” “But. . . ?” Jim was still smirking. “But I call him my wife, and he likes it,” said Arthur. Llewyn and Jim both jumped and turned. Arthur was standing in the doorway to the kitchen. “Shut the fuck up, Al,” Llewyn muttered. He thought Arthur might tell Jim about the dresses and the makeup, but he didn’t. Instead, Arthur came and sat down in the chair between them. He’d taken a shower, and his hair was wet, hanging down nearly to his shoulders. He was wearing his cowboy hat over it. “You do like it,” Arthur argued. Llewyn glanced at him, afraid Arthur might be pissed he’d told Jim about them, but Arthur was smirking like Jim had been. “Fuck you,” said Llewyn. He smiled. “There’s been enough of that in this house already,” said Jim, and they all laughed. Llewyn was amazed at this, at all of it: the three of them sitting there, friends again like they used to be, except that two of them were lovers now, and somehow that didn’t bother Jim in the slightest. This is promising, thought Llewyn. Then out of nowhere came the memory of last night, him and Arthur looking at each other over their guitars, singing together, “Do you wanna dance?” That was promising too. As much as Llewyn loved Arthur, as much as Arthur made him whole, there had still been something missing. Al Cody , thought Llewyn. That part of Arthur was gone for a while. The guitar is bringing him back, the guitar and Jim. At one time, Al had been going to kill Arthur off, change his name legally and leave the core of who he was behind to live with nothing but his dreams. And when that didn’t work out, Arthur had tried to kill off Al. He’d left behind his country name and his music and Jim and everything else that represented his dreams, instead. Except for me, Llewyn realized, me and that damn fool hat. But then Llewyn had left a lot behind too, and maybe all his trouble had started at the very first of that, when Jean came between Llewyn and Jim, and they’d both let her do it. Now, though, they were all finding each other again, and that made Llewyn happy. I’m happy, he thought with mild amazement. That’s something new. “Can I come to the wedding?” Jim asked. Llewyn and Arthur looked at him, then at each other. “It’s not really going to be a big deal,” Arthur said. “Not even a ceremony really, the minister’s just gonna. . . I dunno, say the words I guess. And no one else’ll be there—I don’t talk to my family anymore.” “Neither do I,” said Llewyn. “I still want to come,” said Jim. When they both looked at him again, he added, “Just me, by myself. I won’t even tell Jean about it if you don’t want me to.” “You can tell her,” Llewyn finally said, “and you can come. Just don’t bring her.” He looked at Arthur, who nodded. “Okay,” said Jim. “Just let me know the date.” “It’ll be awhile,” said Llewyn. “I don’t even have Arthur’s ring yet.” Arthur started to say, “I told you, you don’t have to—” but he stopped at the look Llewyn gave him. Jim laughed again and got up from his chair. “You’d better get out of here before Jean comes back,” he told them. “She’s not too happy with you. Either of you.” “See you Friday night?” Llewyn asked on their way out. “Arthur said he might sing with me.” “I will,” said Arthur. “Okay, yeah, I’ll come out,” said Jim. “We’re taking the week off anyway.” He shook their hands before they left. It was snowing lightly as Llewyn drove them home. In the passenger seat, Arthur was quiet for awhile; then he said, “Llew?” “Yeah?” “That year you were gone, off with the Marines. . . you really didn’t sleep with anyone else?” Llewyn looked away from the road a second to stare at him. “How long were you listening to us? How much did you hear?” “That was the first thing I heard,” said Arthur, “then I listened to the rest. But is it true? You waited for me?” “Yeah,” said Llewyn. “Why didn’t you tell me?” Arthur demanded. “I told you I waited, even though I thought you weren’t coming back. But you let me think—I thought you’d been with someone else. Maybe a lot of other people.” “I don’t know,” Llewyn muttered. “I didn’t want you to know how much you got to me, I guess.” “You didn’t want me to know you loved me.” “I guess not,” said Llewyn. They were quiet again; then he asked, “Are you really gonna sing with me Friday night?” “Yeah,” said Arthur. “You’ll have to introduce me as Al Cody though. No one’s gonna know who Arthur Milgrum is.” “No one’s gonna know who Al Cody is either,” Llewyn pointed out, grinning. “Fuck you,” said Arthur. “Not until we get home.” “Okay so maybe they won’t know who I am,” Arthur went on, “but if I’m gonna be singing again, I want to use the other name for it. My real name just. . . doesn’t work for that.” Llewyn agreed, “Okay, I’ll call you Al. You’re not thinking about changing it again, are you? Legally?” “Nah. If you’re willing to become Mrs. Arthur Milgrum, it’s a good enough name for me.” “Fuck you, Al,” said Llewyn. “Not until we get home,” said Arthur. He leaned over and kissed Llewyn’s cheek. As he turned into their neighborhood, Llewyn said, “I think 1964 is gonna be a good year.” “Yeah,” Arthur said. “I think so too.” -- The End Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Allewyn series Next Work →