Who is she? She felt them; she felt them just as they entered the system which gave her enough time. She fixed her hair, hiding her padawan braid in between others which ended in a top knot. She warned who needed to be warned, hiding whatever needed hiding. She stuffed a bag with all kind of supplies and got it into the deplorable ship they called shuttle. She went downtown and told the villagers to hide the crops’ surplus just in case. She could not sense their true intentions, she felt foggy. She felt him. When every worry in her head had been taken care of, and with Dean finally on her side, she felt his presence and it made her cringe. Then, the ships landed and many Stormtroopers got off them; after they were all formed into correct position, he descended. She couldn’t help reaching for Dean’s hand and give it a tight squeeze, which he responded to by caressing the side of her hand with his thumb. His black cladded body was as tall and imposing as ever but that helmet made her even more anxious. She tried to relaxed and so, she started meditating. She didn’t realize when he was in front of her until he grabbed her by the chin. -You… She just stared right back at the visor, trying to stay calm and relaxed. -You were meditating; quite deeply. She didn’t do anything and so he squeezed her chin, which prompted to nod slightly. -Where did you learn that, girl? -When I was little… Sir. -I asked where. The silence of everyone else was pregnant with anxiousness and his words with danger; Dean was worried, she could just see it in his eyes. She took a deep breath. -Why are you here? -I’m asking the questions here.- he was losing his temper and was squeezing her jaw now. She closed her eyes and tried searching for their intentions; there it was… Looking for Resistance’s bases; and they were dangerously close, just not in this planet. She was too focused in looking in his mind and she came back to mundane her senses as he pushed her, hard, backwards. She winced as she landed hard on her rear. Dean only got to turn when he froze him in place with the force. -Who are you? – there was an edge to his voice; there, in between the anger and danger, confusion. She sighed. -You should know… - just as the words passed through her lips, he felt him trying to get into her mind but she resisted. -You can’t. I killed everyone! – he screamed, and started pacing around her like a predator. -Did you… Ben?