Bounty Evening. Outskirts of Chaleydonia, Christophsis. Qwin Vess lay waiting, propped on her elbows, legs stretched flat behind her. A neatly stacked pile of empty ration packets and water containers showed just how long she’d been lying there. She sighted through her rifle scope. Nothing. Just the typical evening traffic. Vess rolled her shoulders, stretched and readjusted her position. It had been three days since she took that contract, three days of travel until she finally landed on the beautiful crystal covered world that was Christophsis; she longed to explore the haunting crystal cities and glittering forests, but that would have to wait. And Qwin Vess was very good at waiting. The sun dipped lower in the sky, the light refracting on a hundred glittering surfaces. Shadows stretched deeper and darker, and Vess waited. Finally, one hazel eye pressed tight to the rifle scope, she saw her quarry. A Duros male, his blue skin stretched tight over his elongated skull, was moving quickly down a side street, glancing over his shoulder and backtracking often to distract and confuse anything that might be following him. Or so he hoped; at her vantage point, Vess could see down into every back alley and dead end for the next several miles, and as soon as she got a clear shot…there. Vess inhaled deeply, exhaled and fired. The Duros suddenly staggered forward as the blaster bolt bounced off a personal shield and he started to run, tripping and falling before he made it more than a few feet of distance. Vess swore under her breath and jumped to her feet, slinging her rifle over her shoulder as she got up. She moved back a few paces and then sprinted towards the lip of the roof, jumped off and sailed towards the nearest ledge. She hit the roof hard, staggering a little but quickly regained her balance and pelted towards the next ledge. A personal shield was good protection for one, maybe two shots from a normal blaster, but would definitely be out of commission after a direct hit from a rifle. Vess ran hard, thankful that the buildings in this part of the city were close together, their staggered roofs easily accessible and Vess took full advantage of this, running, jumping and occasionally climbing as she made her way across the city. The alley the Duros had been in was fairly close, so barely a minute later Vess dropped from a rooftop onto the dark street. Pausing to catch her breath, she pulled a small pair of goggles from a belt pouch and strapped them onto her face, switched the infrared sensors on, scanning for signs of her quarry. A bright speck of heat was visible just up the alley, along with the faintest trace of footprints. Tightening the goggle strap behind her head, Vess moved quickly along the path visible to her eyes only. Reaching the heat spot, she looked down and picked it up, turning the small object over in her hands. The personal shield generator. Her shot must have shorted it out. A crash in the distance, Vess’ head snapped up; she tucked the broken generator into a pouch and began to run, heading towards the source of the noise. She turned a sharp corner, and was nearly grazed by a blaster bolt as she did so. Vess threw herself to the ground, pulling her rifle off her shoulder and rolling to the side in one smooth motion. The Duros fired again, the blaster bolt missing her head by inches. Vess fired back, hitting him in the shin. The bolt ripped through the duros’ coverall, shattering his leg. The smell of burnt flesh filled the air with his screams. He dropped the blaster as he collapsed, clutching futilely at his destroyed limb. Vess stood calmly and stepped forward. “Where is the shipment.” She asked, voice flat and calm. The Duros was panting, his red eyes dull with pain, he’d need some serious medical care if he wanted to walk again. He looked up at Vess’ impassive face, spat “Fuck you Vess.” “You know who I am.” She replied evenly. “Of course, I’d know that stupid fucking poncho anywhere.” He panted, green blood seeping through his three fingers as he held his wound. “Then you know my reputation. I’ll find it whether you tell me or not.” She paused, “However,If you want to walk again, you’ll tell me now.” He laughed roughly, swallowed and licked his thin lips. Vess stood calmly, the wound on his leg an extra bright spot on her infrared sight. She reached in a pocket and held out a painkiller. The Duros looked from his leg to the offered stim, swore and spoke. “The spaceport, docking bay 1138.” He held out a trembling hand. Vess nodded and handed him the painkiller. Chapter 2 : Escape Late afternoon. Nal Hutta back alley. This section of the city was dark, no neon signs or bright street lamps illuminated the grimy streets and mud spattered walls. Three buildings rose up out of the muck, short and bulbous like durasteel toads; one set back from the others across a small but deep gorge, the only connection between them a narrow bridge. Scorch marks and rubble indicated that the bridge had once been much wider, but someone had made a few alterations in the very recent past. A platoon of First Order stormtroopers was milling around on the street across from the bridge, none of them very keen to try and cross it. They had not been that cautious initially; as soon as they had landed, their commander had ordered several troopers over the bridge to storm the isolated building. They had been picked off with frightening speed, each soldier downed with a single shot to the head. The gorge was littered with their white-armored bodies. Now they kept well clear of the narrow walkway, although that didn’t stop four more troopers from being hit as they tried to set up an assault cannon. The others hadn’t tried again, the giant black gun sat half-assembled, tantalizing except for the body draped across it, a still-smoking hole in his helmet. Qwin Vess sat in the highest floor of the building across the bridge, her hat pulled low over her face as she rested her rifle on a convenient railing; she squinted down the scope. Across the gorge, a stormtrooper gave a sudden scuttle towards the half-assembled assault cannon; head held low and blaster clutched tightly to the white armored chest. Vess fired once, the bolt ripping across the distance and slamming into the side of the troopers helmet, knocking them onto their side. The trooper did not get back up. Vess sat up a little, confident that the troopers wouldn’t try that again unless they absolutely had to. And if they did…well, that would be the end of it. There was no way she’d be able to outshoot an assault cannon, as soon as they started firing, the entire side of the building would be decimated, and Vess would lose her only advantage. She had scouted this building for a hide-out as soon as she landed on Nal Hutta a week before. It’s remote location, the gorge, and the lucky fact that it only had one ground floor entrance had sold the deal. There was a rickety ladder at the back of the building, but there was no way to reach it unless they managed to cross the bridge. When she discovered that her transmission from the resistance had been intercepted she had cut the power, blown up the bridge, and retreated to the top floor. The first two floors had a few hastily rigged traps, but she was relying mainly on keeping the stormtroopers at a distance, and that advantage would instantly be negated if she had to run from the her vantage point. After the failure of the first assault, they had tried sniping her through the window, with little success. There was a reason Vess wore such a broad hat; it broke up her silhouette and prevented light from glinting off the scope of her rifle, and in the darkened recess of the window she melted into the shadows. One trooper, either very skilled or very lucky, had managed to clip her shoulder as she moved back. Her next shot had knocked him off his feet, a smoking hole blown in the front of his helmet. Vess grimaced, her shoulder was starting to ache again, a hastily applied bacta patch kept her moving, but it was far from comfortable. Glancing quickly into the dark room, the mercenary took stock of her ammunition. It wasn’t very encouraging, even with her unerring aim, she would be tight pressed to take out an entire platoon. She heard a shout, and quickly looked down her rifle scope. The soldiers were scrambling back down the alley, moving in tight formation back towards the way they had come. Vess managed to fire off three shots before they were out of range, dropping three unlucky troopers at the back of the line as they ran. She sat up and licked her lips. This was bad, they must have given up on trying to reach her and were planning on just blasting the building with their landing craft’s turbo lasers. She was screwed if she didn’t bug out now. She stood, quickly gathered her ammo and poncho and sprinted the short distance to the back room of the top floor. A low window had been boarded up, she kicked at it furiously; it took a few precious seconds to break through the old boards and as the wood cracked, Vess heard the rumble of a ship’s engines overhead. Swearing quietly, she cautiously stuck her head through the window and took a peek. A small ship was landing in an abandoned lot close by; it bore no distinctive markings and the pilot was just visible through the viewscreen. No white armor or crisp black uniform. Vess frowned, an odd coincidence, but she still needed to get out of there. Swinging out onto the narrow window ledge, Vess took a quick glance over her shoulder. The small ship had landed in a spot that was barely large enough for its rounded hull; it took a skilled pilot to manage that. The ship’s two occupants were running down the landing ramp, they were headed her way. She gripped the upper lip of the window and hesitated, should she go up or down? The First Order troopers and their ship couldn’t be far off now, but those people that just landed…she looked back again. Sure enough, two men were scrambling over rubble at speed, and the way one of them moved, with military precision; elbows locked in perfect angles as he held his blaster, made her doubt that this was a coincidence after all. Hauling herself up, Vess clambered up the wall of the building. She’d have an easier time taking out this new threat from up high, and if she was very lucky, she’d be off the roof and gone before the First Order returned. The wall was made of slippery metal, with few handholds, and the ache in her shoulder made the climb even more difficult, but she made it to the roof regardless. She heard a shout from behind her as she reached the roof and heaved herself up and over. She crouched for a moment, breathing hard, her back pressed to the low lip of the building’s roof. At least she had a little bit of cover. As she tried to steady her breathing, Vess craned her neck to look down behind her. The two men who had just landed were at the base of the building, they wore civilian clothes, but both carried blasters. She could just make out their faces; both were fairly young, the man with military training had very dark skin, close cropped hair, and wore a tan leather jacket. The other’s hair was longer, dark and very tousled, probably from wearing a helmet. He looked up and Vess caught a glimpse of handsome tanned face and dark eyes. She ducked back and checked her rifle; loaded and ready. She closed her eyes and slowed her breathing, trying to regain her focus. After a few seconds she popped up, ready to fire. They were gone. “Fuck.” She snarled. The ladder, she had forgotten about the ladder. She spun quickly, trying desperately to remember which side of the building it had been on, left or right. A sudden clank of boots on metal. It was the left. She spun around, tried to take aim, but the dark-skinned man was already right in front of her, Vess swung with the butt of her rifle, catching him high on the shoulder. He grunted with pain, but grabbed the gun and twisted it from her grasp. Vess ducked to the side as he made to swing at her solar-plexus, only to gasp in shock as he hit her sharply in the jaw with his other fist. Her hat flew off and she stumbled, regained her balance and kicked out, catching him in the side of the knee as he stepped forward. The man gasped in pain and wobbled, Vess reached out and grabbed him by the throat, twisting sharply so she held him pressed back over the low lip of the roof. The man choked and grasped her wrist, dark eyes wide and shocked. “You’re really strong” He gasped, surprise evident in his strained voice. “You just watched me scale a building with my bare hands, and this is what surprises you.” She retorted. Her jaw radiated pain up to her eye socket, it might be fractured. “Very impressive, now let him go.” Another voice, behind and to her left. Vess glanced surreptitiously over her shoulder. The other man was standing not two feet away, a large blaster aimed at her temple. His jaw was set tight and he looked deadly serious. Vess tossed the man she was choking to the ground and spun quickly, knocking the blaster out of the other man’s hand before kicking him sharply in the chest. He let out a surprised grunt and fell backwards, the blaster clattering to the ground just out of his reach. Vess made to sprint towards the opposite end of the roof but fell face down as the first man grabbed her ankle, tripping her spectacularly. Vess slammed into the ground hard, jarring her elbow and sending a spike of pain through her jaw. She tried to roll over to kick him, but stopped short as four blaster bolts were fired into the ground just next to her head. She immediately stilled, lying flat on her stomach, and slowly raised her hands as she felt a boot step lightly onto the center of her back. “Don’t. Move.” It was the man with the blaster. He was breathing hard, her kick had obviously winded him, she slowly turned her head so she could see. The man was standing over her, pointing the blaster at the back of her head with one hand and clutching at his chest with the other. He decided she wasn’t going to move and looked over where the other man was picking himself up off the ground. “You alright Finn?” He asked. Finn nodded and stood slowly, leaning on his knees for a moment before standing fully and massaging his throat. “You?” he croaked, pointing at the other man’s chest, who nodded and then spoke to Vess. “I’m going to let you up, I will shoot you if you try to do anything funny.” His voice was calm and sure, and Vess was positive he meant it. He took his boot off of her back and stepped away, watching like a hawk as Vess slowly got to her feet. By the time she was up, Finn had walked up to stand next to the other man. She eyed them both, rubbing lightly at her jaw. Finn looked from Vess to his friend and back again, finally settling his face into a slightly strained smile. He took a step forward, winced as his injured knee threatened to give out and then spoke. “You…you’re Qwin Vess, right?” His voice was pleasant and surprisingly friendly, considering she’d just tried to throw him off a roof. She nodded slowly, reluctant to speak due to the pain in her jaw. Finn grinned, and held up his hands in a calming manner. He had a very charming smile. “I’m Finn, and this,” he gestured to his friend with the blaster, “Is Poe Dameron,” Poe gave a little wave with his free hand and cracked a smile, but didn’t loosen his grip on the blaster. He too, was disarmingly attractive. Vess frowned, then winced as her jaw twinged with pain. Finn caught her expression and spoke quickly, “You were contacted by the Resistance, right? Well, we’re them. Part of them, anyway.” Poe spoke up, furrowing his dark brows, “Didn’t you know they were sending an escort to pick you up? The General was pretty explicit about that in her message.” His voice was very warm. Vess shook her head again, then spoke flatly, “The message was intercepted, I never recieved the end of it.” That would explain why the First Order had sent so many troops to her location…speaking of which. She took a step towards the edge of the roof, Poe raised the blaster and she saw Finn tense but she held up a hand and moved slowly, peering off over the edge to where the stormtroopers had vanished not long ago. She gestured for them to come closer and pointed across the gorge. “See that, First Order showed up. Thought you were with them.” Her speech was even more clipped than usual, her jaw was definitely fractured; Finn had one hell of a punch. Poe and Finn approached slowly and looked over, Poe letting out a low whistle as he took in the carnage. “You did that. Alone.” He sounded seriously impressed. Vess nodded, Finn was frowning, “You said you thought we were with the First Order, why?” He sounded almost offended, Vess grimaced and pointed to Finn, “You. You move like a Stormtrooper, you were one.” She said, indicating the way he was standing, stiff and at attention. “Standing like one now.” she muttered. Finn immediately tried to change up his posture, folding his arms tight across his broad chest and shifted his weight, trying to look casual. Unfortunately he tried to rest on his injured leg and his knee gave out, he barely managed to catch himself before he hit the ground. Poe immediately took a step towards him, grabbing Finn’s arm to help him steady himself. “You alright buddy?” He asked, Finn held up a hand and regained his balance. “Yeah, yeah, I’m good,” he said to Poe, he caught Vess’ stare and grinned, “You’ve got one hell of a kick Vess.” She cracked a hint of a smile, tapping her jaw before replying, “You’ve got one hell of a punch, Finn.” Poe gave a friendly laugh and after making sure Finn was steady on his feet stepped toward Vess; holstering his blaster before holding out a friendly hand. He grinned, and Vess felt a weird twisting in her gut, suddenly she was very grateful the sun was going down; there was a blush in her cheeks as they shook hands. A loud whining-growl suddenly became apparent, the three of them looked at each other. “Sounds like your friends are back,” Poe said, reaching for his blaster. Finn started limping towards the ladder, “We need to get out of here, that’s a bomber, they’re just going to blow this place to hell!” He shouted, carefully levering himself down onto the ladder. Poe followed close behind, but waited for Vess to collect her rifle and hat before following Finn down the ladder. She brought up the rear, pausing at the top for a moment to swing her gun over her shoulder and plop her hat securely onto her hooded head. Finn made surprising time going down the ladder, and to her surprise, both he and Poe waited for her to reach the bottom rung before moving off towards their ship. The whining growl of the Tie Bomber’s engine grew to a crescendo as they hurried across the muddy field separating the two buildings. Just as they reached the abandoned lot, the bomber made its pass, the building blossoming into orange and yellow fire as it exploded behind them, the pressure from the blast almost knocking Vess off her feet as she ran. Finn and Poe were waiting at the boarding ramp of their ship, Finn practically hopping with anxiety as she drew near. “They’ll be coming back for another pass! We gotta go!” He shouted, Poe was running into the ship, ready to start the takeoff sequence. Vess slowed her frantic pace and then stopped, the sound of the tie bomber was coming back, growing in intensity as it approached. She turned and reached around for her rifle. “What the hell are you doing!?” Finn yelled, a note of panic in his voice. Vess could hear the engines of the small freighter starting, a different sort of rumble than the Tie Bomber. She breathed deeply and slowly, centering her focus. If Poe could land a ship that size in a space this small, he’d definitely be able to pull out of here fast. She took another deep breath, ignoring the pain in her jaw and the ache in her legs. In and out, slow and smooth. The Tie Bomber was growing louder, getting closer. Finn shouted something again, Vess didn’t, couldn’t hear him. She let out a final breath, sighted down the scope, aimed and fired. The Tie bomber wobbled suddenly, moving, falling erratically as the pilot died, a smoking hole blasted directly between his eyes. The fighter began to spin, losing altitude and gaining speed as Vess turned and sprinted as fast as she could towards the still open boarding ramp; grabbing Finn around the waist and pulling him into the ship as he stared at the falling Tie Bomber, jaw hanging open. Vess slammed her fist against the switch to close the ramp and screamed towards the cockpit, “POE, FLY!” The ship was lurching off the ground before Vess even got the second word out of her mouth. Poe pulled the ship up and away; they had just cleared the rooftops when the Tie Bomber hit the abandoned lot and exploded. Vess and Finn hobbled to the cockpit as Poe expertly maneuvered the ship away from the blast. Vess was breathing hard, she gently lowered Finn into the co-pilot’s chair and leaned against the bulkhead, massaging her aching jaw. “You are one hell of a pilot,” she gasped. Poe gave her a beaming smile, and said, “You are one hell of a shot!”