Shop Till You Drop Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey walked into their average looking apartment, her feet tired from standing all day at the nearest clothing store that she worked at. She could hear her boyfriend, Ben, humming in the shower. She smiled to herself. It wasn't everyday that she found an amazing man who not only could sing, but also was a skilled fighter. She collapsed on the couch, thinking about that day of work. Hell. Absolute hell. Customers rushing in on one of the largest shopping days of the year and she was forced to work. The extra holiday pay was a plus, but so many demands existed that day. Sizes that weren't available, women fighting over a top that normally would cost a fortune, and men all waiting in the car for their wives to escape with their purchases. She was exhausted. Absolutely exhausted. Her boyfriend worked as a martial arts instructor, teaching young children and adults how to defend themselves. She loved when he would come home and wrap his arms around her, his large muscles showing through his skin tight top. She stared at the clock. It was only nine at night but it felt much later. She sighed. If only she had more time to spend with him. They had been together for two years. Met at a community college where they took a cooking class together. It was just an elective to get some extra credits, but from the moment they made that first casserole together... well she just knew he was the one. Tall, handsome, and his eyes sparkled. She was so deep in thought, she didn't hear him come into the room. "Hey, baby. Hard day?" "W-w-what?" Startled, she tumbled off the couch. "Rey!" He rushed to her. "You alright?" "Yeah, yeah... I'm fine. You scared me." "Sorry. Sorry. I should've..." "No, it's fine..." She got up and sat on the edge of the couch with him. "How was your day?" "Busy. Barely had time to sit down. People were pretty crazy." "Well, they have to get their deals. It is Black Friday after all." "I don't understand it. We're open all year and I like to think we have amazing deals. Why am I always in charge during the worst working day of the year? "You're too nice. They like to take advantage of that." "No, it's because I'm the newest employee. Even though I've worked there for three years..." "Well, at least you're home. Safe and sound. No harm, no foul, no bruise." She smiled at him. "Yeah, I suppose. Wanta watch a movie tonight?" "Sure. Comedy? I think you need a laugh." "Yeah, that'd be great." They sat down to watch the comedy, finally having a moment to relax with each other. Notes: So I promise I'm still working on "Shattered Reality," but I really wanted to try an AU and see what happens. If anyone has ideas to keep this going, please message me! You can reach me through Tumblr (meganthewriter) or feel free to email me at wavybrunette92@gmail.com :) Hope you enjoy it so far! Thanks for reading and feel free to leave kudos and comments! Chapter 2 : Freshman Year of High School Summary: Ben and Rey meet in a biology class. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) High School – 8 years ago “Excuse me, could I sit by you? Every other seat is full.” She looked up and a young man with dark hair stood next to her. “Sure.” She allowed him to move past her so he could sit on the tall stool next to her. “Hey, I’m Ben. Sophomore.” “I’m Rey. Freshman.” Ben nods. "Alright, class. Please take your seats." Everyone sat down and she continued. “Welcome to Biology class. Now, the people at your table will be your partners for when we do labs and group work. Let me take attendance.” "Ben Solo?" "Here." "Very good. Rey Kenobi?" "Here." "Good." The teacher continued to read names until she went through the whole list. “Alright, here are your partners. Ben, you'll be partnered with Rey and Armitage Hux." "Yes, ma'am." They both looked at a young man who sat in front of them. He had ginger hair and a nasty scowl. He turned to look at them. "Hi," Rey said. "I'm Rey. I guess we'll be partners.” "Yeah, whatever. I call the shots though. Okay? I don't mess around." "Oh, sure. Whatever you wish." Rey and Ben laughed quietly as he turned away from them. "Well, this should be interesting," Ben said with sarcasm. "We'll be fine. Maybe we'll all be friends one day. You never know." "I doubt it." Rey stared into his eyes. A little spark of energy flowed between them. Was it love? Or just friendship? She wasn't sure. She stared out the window as the teacher continued to speak to the class. She was looking forward to this class. To see Ben. Notes: Thanks so much for reading! Please leave comments and leave me kudos :) I realize Ben & Rey would be ten years apart in the movie. In this story, they will be a little closer in age. I had a suggestion from a reader on Fanfiction.net who mentioned going back into the past and rekindling stories from their first meeting, first date, and other fun memories. Thanks to her suggestion, I have ideas on how to continue with the story. But if you have any suggestions or prompts, please let me know! I love a challenge! Feel free to follow me on Tumblr as well -- meganthewriter Chapter 3 : Momma Leia Summary: Momma Leia calls Ben to make sure he stays out of trouble... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Present Day “Do you understand this movie?” “Not really. I was hoping you would…” “Well… we could do something else…” Rey started to kiss his neck. “Mmm… Rey…” She moved to his ear, kissing and nibbling on it. “Do you like that? Hmmmm?” He groaned. “You're killing me, babe.” He reached with his hand, cupping her chin, and kissing her deeply. They didn't even notice Ben's phone started ringing. After a few minutes, he heard his phone and answered it. “Hello?” “Hello, Ben. I see you finally answered your phone.” “Hi, mom. Sorry, I was just…” “You better not be doing anything with Rey… let the girl have a break…” “Mom! We weren't doing anything… we're just watching a movie…” “It better not be rated R…” “It's not…” Ben winked at Rey and she grinned. “Put me on speaker.” Ben obeyed and Leia addressed Rey. “Hello, dear. How are you?” “Hi, mom. Doing alright.” “My boy better not be causing trouble... “ “No, no. He's been fine. We're doing well.” “Mom, you always do this… Rey and I aren't doing anything we shouldn't be.” “Mhhhmm… well I just wanted to know that I'll be stopping by in a few days. So if you know of any good hotels…” “Mom, it's okay. You can stay with us. We have a guest room.” Ben gave Rey a look. “Excellent. Well, take care and I'll talk to you soon. Bye, sweetie. Love you.” “Bye, mom. Love you.” The call ended and he looked at Rey. “What are you thinking? My mom always stays at a hotel so we get our privacy…” “Baby, she's your mother. She deserves to stay here. It's only a few days. We've prepared for your mother coming here. We can do it again.” He mumbled. “Alright. You… you want to have some fun?” He grinned, leading her to their bedroom. Notes: Thank you all for commenting and reading! These chapters will always be short, but they are all tied together in one story. If you have any prompts, please feel free to let me know. My email is wavybrunette92@gmail.com if you'd like to email me about the story. Just let me know your username :) Please feel free to follow my Tumblr account -- I'll post updates about the story if necessary. (meganthewriter is my username) I also have a story called "Shattered Reality," which is a Reader fic with Kylo and General Hux. It has some graphic scenes, so discretion is advised. My main focus is on that fic, but I'll try to keep this story updated as well. Thank you to all who have supported my fics. I really appreciate it! Chapter 4 : Last Football Game Summary: Ben plays on his high school football team and Rey is always there to support him. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Last High School Football Game “That’ll be ten dollars, sir.” Rey took the money from the gentleman and put it into the register. “Thank you for stopping at the store. Have a good day.” Rey loved to work at the school’s merchandise store. They were always busy with football games, especially the first and last one of the season. She sold everything: t-shirts, pens, bumper stickers, and even food and drinks. She wasn’t into football as much as her boyfriend, Ben, but she still wanted to participate. She could see the cheerleaders on the side lines. The head cheerleader, Phasma, was a complete jerk. She was beautiful and always got dates. The perfect woman. Even her friends, Poe and Finn, had a small crush on her. She knew Ben would never fall for her. The game was coming to an end. A touch down from her school’s team would win the game. Her boyfriend, Ben, was the quarterback. Her friends were both wide receivers. As the end of the game neared, her foot was tapping, watching the TV screens. She was anxious. If Ben scored a touchdown, he would be praised. She loved watching him. He looked so handsome in his uniform. She was too busy thinking to hear the loud cheering from the crowd. He did it! Ben did it! They won! When the crowd settled down and everyone was leaving, she ran to him, and hugged him tightly. “You did it! You won the game!” “Thanks, babe. I’m glad you were able to see it.” “Actually, I wasn’t watching when you… I’m sorry. But I’m still so happy for you!” “It’s alright. I’m just glad you were here.” He hugged her tightly. “Well, well, well…. look who thinks she has a chance with the quarterback.” Phasma walked over, her slim figure showing through her uniform. “Ben, you did so well. Did you happen to see us out there?” “Um, no, Phasma, I was playing the game…” “Ah, well, I did amazing… as usual. We’re going to regionals next week. We’d love for you to join us…” “I can’t. Spending time with this one…” Rey smiled at him. She knew he wouldn’t fall for Phasma’s tricks. “Well, have fun. If you change your mind… call me.” She looked up and down at Rey, before walking away. Ben rolled his eyes. “Isn’t she a delight? Never liked blondes…” Rey laughed. “I’m just glad you chose me…” “Always you, babe. Always you.” He kissed her deeply. “So, shall we go out for dinner? Maybe some dessert?” “I don’t know. I’m looking at something sweet…” She smacked his arm playfully. “You’re cute. C’mon, I’m starving…” She led him to a quiet place and they ate together. Her quarterback. Her boyfriend. Her love. Notes: Thanks so much for reading and commenting! :) Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! Chapter 5 : Arrival Summary: Mama Leia arrives for her visit... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "Ben Solo! I told you that being sloppy never results in anything good!" Leia hugged her son tightly. "Hi, mom. Good to see you." He rolled his eyes at her comment. Rey liked to clean, but his mom was very strict. "Where is that cutie of yours? I always liked her. It's been over five years and you haven't proposed?" "Mom, I'm going to. Things have been busy and -" "But, nothing... you propose. Tonight." "Mom!" "Don't give me that tone." Rey walked in the room, holding some freshly baked cookies. "Rey, dear! Good to see you! Cookies? Oh, you're such a delight." Leia hugged Rey. "Hi, Mrs. Solo..." "Just call me mom. You might as well." Rey smiled. Ben put his arm around her. "Now, I'm going to get settled in for the night. I want you both up early tomorrow. I'll make breakfast and help you around the house... you're gonna need the extra cleaning service." She grabbed her bags and went to their guest room. "I have to work tomorrow, Ben. Keep her occupied?" "I have to train tomorrow with the kids. Maybe she could shop at your store? She loves clothes..." Rey shook her head. "You just don't want your mom to know what you do for a living." "She knows. She doesn't... she doesn't think it's a real job. Martial arts. Thinks it's a joke." "How would it be a joke?" "I don't know. She says anyone could learn how to kick and punch..." Rey laughed. "I'd like to see her fight against you." "She does, with words. That's how she fights." Leia came out of her room. "Alright, you two. I'm going to make us a well cooked dinner and then we'll look at some pictures of Ben as a kid. " "Mom! No pictures!" "Fine, then I can just tell Rey about the time you -" "Alright, alright... show her the pics. She's already seen the full me..." He grinned at her. Rey whispered to Ben. "I got an idea. I have some rope in the bedroom all ready... if you know what I mean..." "Rey, you naughty little girl. I'm going to tie you with that rope." He smirked. She leaned against him. Not even his mother could ruin her moments with Ben. Notes: Thanks so much for reading, leaving kudos, and commenting! Let me know if you have any prompts you would like! :) Thanks to BregoBeauty for reading these ideas. Chapter 6 : First Kiss Summary: Ben and Rey go on a date and have their first kiss. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Three Years Ago Ben drove up in his old pickup truck, parking in front of Rey's apartment. The apartment was pretty run down and old, but she couldn't afford much else. He wished she would move in with him, since he could afford a nicer apartment, but she had made it clear she didn't fully trust him yet. Called him a 'scoundrel' more than once, which wasn't surprising. He knew he shouldn't honk the horn, since his mother had always taught him to go to a girl's apartment and pick her up personally. However, he knew Rey was different. She wasn't girly like the rest of them. He blared the horn outside her apartment and she came out the front door, wearing a very casual dress with her hair pulled back. She didn't look fancy, but to Ben she looked beautiful. She came over to his truck and opened the passenger door. "You still drive one of these? Yikes..." "Hey, parents won't upgrade me until I leave their place." "You're still with your folks, huh?" "Well, just my mom. My dad is dead." "I'm sorry to hear that." Rey buckled her seatbelt and they started driving. "It's fine. Had a stroke. Had to miss school for a week. Took forever to catch up on homework, but the teachers understood. My mom took it pretty hard." "I never knew my parents. I was raised by my grandfather." "Oh." She looked out the window and noticed all the buildings outside. They both lived in the city, but they preferred a more quiet life. "So... I guess this is what, our third date?" "I think so. I think I remember what I need to know..." "Oh, yeah? Favorite sport?" "Easy, football." "Alright... what's my favorite food?" "Well, you've told me pizza, but then you always change the subject to pasta, so I'm going to go with both." "Wow. You're pretty good. What is my dream?" "You want to be a martial arts instructor and run your own studio." "Impressive. Alright, what do I know about Rey Kenobi... let's see..." "Favorite color?" "Green. You love green." "You sure?" "Positive. You're wearing it, first of all, plus you told me you had never seen so much green when I took you to the countryside." "Okay, favorite type of music?" "Anything that you can dance to." Rey smiled. "So, when's the wedding?" Ben chuckled. "Easy there. You still have much to learn..." "Really? Like what?" "Well... let's see.... would I prefer a speeder or an x-wing?" "Speeder." He nods. "Alright... how about-" "You'd prefer an Ewok." "I didn't even say-" "I could read your mind. You're not that hard to figure out..." She grinned at him. "Alright, well... have you ever... you know.... done it with anyone?" "Done what?" "You know... like... intimate stuff?" "Um, no. I haven't. You?" "One girl, yes. But she wasn't special. It was just a one night thing..." "Oh. I haven't even kissed a boy, yet..." "Really? Not even a little peck?" "No. I guess... I want it to be with someone special..." Ben parked the truck at the restaurant and he looked into her eyes. "You know, we've gone out a couple times... I think you're really pretty. I think there's a connection between us. Like we were meant to be together... I know it's hard to think about it that way, but-" She leaned forward and kissed his lips softly. He moaned into the kiss and when she parted, she grinned. "C'mon... let's go eat..." He smiled and they walked to the restaurant. There was nothing more amazing than this girl he loved. Notes: Thanks for reading, leaving kudos, and commenting! Let me know if you have any prompts you would like! :) Chapter 7 : Awkward Gathering Summary: Rey and Ben invite a family member over, but his new girlfriend seems unfriendly. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "So... you wanted to invite your cousin and his girlfriend, why?" "Well, I don't get to see him that much. Plus he really likes this girl, so..." "Well, that's fine, but your mother is here..." "I know, but... remember our first holiday together? Christmas wasn't it?" "Yeah..." "I remember your mom greeting us and then I met your family. Was it your older cousin who practically tortured you that night?" "Yeah, Jacen. He was such a ladies' man. Got married in like six months. Surprisingly, they've been together for almost three years. But he was always such a-" "Ass?" "Yeah, he teased you all night. I don't want to do that to Lucas and his girlfriend. Plus, the kid is only seventeen. It wouldn't be fair..." "Oh, c'mon. It'd be our chance to have some fun... do some teasing..." "Rey..." "Ben..." He could feel her staring at him. "Okay, but nothing too mean, alright?" "Okay. Could you put the rolls in the oven? They should be here soon." "Sure." He put the rolls in the oven and a few minutes later the doorbell rang. "Hey, Lucas. Good to see you." He hugged his cousin and looked over at the young lady with him. "Who's this?" "Ben, this is Carina. My girlfriend." "Hi, Carina. Nice to meet you. I'm Ben." She shook his hand. "Nice to meet you, Ben. Do you need help with anything?" "No, I think we're ready to eat. Hope you all are hungry." "Oh, we didn't realize there would be dinner. We stopped at a local vegan place for food. Sorry." "Oh. Well... we have some salad. If you want something..." "No, thank you." "This is going to be awkward..." Ben thought to himself. He led the two guests to Rey and she greeted them. "Rey, could I talk to you for a second?" "Sure." He led her aside. "They already ate." "What? But I made enough for four people." "I know. I'm sorry. I told them we'd be serving food, but I guess they forgot. I feel awful. You worked so hard-" "It's fine. You and I can eat later, if that's okay. Maybe we just talk to them? Serve some drinks?" "Sure. Get the special wine, would you?" "Sure." She gave him a peck on the cheek and walked away to get the wine. Ben sat down with the two guests. "So, Lucas, how long have you known Carina?" "Three weeks." "Oh. Where did you two meet?" "A library." "I see. Do you both have any hobbies?" "She likes to collect rocks. I don't know why, but she paints them. Sometimes decorates them..." "They just look so cute to me. Everyone likes pet rocks..." "Oh? Pet rocks? I've never heard of those..." "Well, for people like me who don't want filthy animals in the house, they work great..." Ben stayed silent as Rey brought the wine and poured them all a glass. "Wine? Really?" Carina practically snapped at Rey. "Yeah, I always love wine. When Ben and I got married-" "Yeah, I don't really care. Wine is meant for people who want to get drunk... drunk weirdos..." "Well, I don't think that's true, Carina. Rey and I only drink wine on occassion..." "Weirdos..." Rey lowered her head, clearly upset. "Why don't we play a game?" "Games? What are we, children? Lucas, c'mon... we should just go..." "But we just got here, sweetie." "There's an art gallery two miles away and they close in two hours. We'll just have enough time to see all the beautiful art..." She stands up to grab her coat. Ben follows them. Carina leaves the house and Lucas turns to Ben. "I'm sorry about this. I didn't know she was like that..." "It's no problem. Maybe you and I could hang out sometime? Go to the bar?" "Yeah, I'd like that. Next weekend?" "Next weekend sounds great. See you then." Ben sighed. Tonight didn't go the way he planned. Notes: Hope you enjoyed this chapter! I had a request from Sheena on FF.net to create a chapter with Ben & Rey's first holiday but also a holiday where Ben & Rey invite a family member over. I decided to do something different, but I think it worked out :) If you have any prompts, let me know. I'm home alone this weekend so I might be able to get more writing done! Thanks for reading and leaving comments :) Chapter 8 : Dressing Room Horror Summary: Rey tells Ben about her day at work. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "I cannot believe she would act that way! I mean, c'mon, pet rocks? Doesn't eat stuff? I mean, who lives like that? And her attitude-" "Rey... Rey... calm down. I'm sorry. I didn't know she would act that way. I won't invite them again. But I like my cousin and I have to respect whoever he chooses to date, okay? I won't invite her again. She's not welcome here." Rey sighed and sat down at the table. "I think the food is cold." "It's okay. It looks delicious. And we have a microwave and oven." He takes the hot food and quickly microwaves it and they sit down to eat, just the two of them. "So, how was your shift this morning? Busy?" "Not really. Although, I do have a funny story..." "Do tell." "Okay, well this woman comes in, right? Decides to go in the dressing room to try on stuff. She doesn't remember that you have to turn the lock before you can open the door. So she's freaking out and in the mean time, the top is getting all sweaty...." "Yuck. I'm hoping she bought it..." "I'll get to that. So she's trying to go underneath the door, since there's a small space. But we're talking about a woman who's in her sixties. So she crawls under the door. No one is watching. So my co-worker, Tina, walks in. She's about to check on the dressing rooms when she sees this customer crawling underneath..." "Oh boy." "Shhhh. So the woman stands up and turns around and the top was so loose on her that her boobs were clearly showing and there were men in the store! It was so embarrassing for her. But yes, she had to buy the top, even though it didn't fit. We also gave her a twenty percent coupon for her troubles. We had to show her how to unlock the room for next time. It was pretty hysterical...." "I can't believe she didn't know how to unlock the door." "I know, right? Completely bizarre. But her breast showing... that was hilarious. Wish I could've seen it, but I was on register." "And there were men inside?" "Yeah. Luckily, the manager got involved. Her name is Cheryl. She's fun to work with." "This is delicious by the way. Very good. Excellent job, my dear." "Thanks. So how was your day?" "Pretty boring, to be honest. Didn't have to go in today so I mostly slept on the couch." "You couldn't have taken out the trash?" "Nope. I can't do two things at once like that..." He teases her often and she doesn't always like it, but she smiled. "You are weird, Ben Solo, but you're my weirdo." Notes: Let me know if you have any prompts or suggestions :) Thanks for reading and reviewing! Chapter 9 : Moving In Summary: Ben asks Rey why she won't move in with him. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) 2 1/2 years ago "So, why won't you move in with me? I really wish you would..." They were at his place, watching a movie. She was curled up against him. "Because I don't." "But I want to know why, Rey. Why won't you move in with me? I know you prefer being on your own sometimes, but I love you." She sighs and pauses the movie. "I guess... I just... what if you aren't the one? What if it is a waste of time?" "You... you think this is a waste? Being with me?" "No... no.... just... I don't want to regret it. What if we got into a big fight? It's your place so... I'd be kicked out. Thrown on the streets. I have no where else to go, Ben. You're... you're kind of my only hope... I don't want to get too comfortable yet." "Oh, Rey... I would never kick you out. You're always welcome with me. I promise." She starts to sob against him. "No one ever wants me..." "I want you. Oh, sweetheart. I want you so badly. It hurts to see you upset... c'mere..." He holds her close, handing her a handkerchief. "Rey, you're not the first girl I've dated, but you're the first girl I've felt a connection with. I truly love and care about you. I know we're just dating and we haven't gone too far, but I want you to know that, okay?" "You... you mean that? Really?" Her eyes are wide and sparkling. "Of course. I want you to be happy..." He strokes her hair and she sniffles. "Please, move in with me? If you truly don't want to, I won't force you. I really just want you happy." She looks into his eyes and smiles. "Okay, I'll move in." She pauses for a moment. "Thank you." "You're welcome, my sweet Rey." ______________________________________ A couple weeks later, she was successfully moved in with Ben. He took her out to a fancy restaurant to celebrate and even paid for a limo to drive them wherever they wanted. "You didn't have to do this..." "I wanted to. I have a beautiful girlfriend and we're celebrating a wonderful thing...." He smiles and she smiles back. "I've never been in a limo. It's like we're getting married or something..." "One day. One day. But let's wait a couple years... see how things go..." "Fair enough, Ben Solo." What she didn't know, was that Ben Solo had a special surprise waiting for her, three years into the future... Notes: A special surprise is coming for these two! :) This prompt came from Sheena who wanted to see the reasons that Rey wouldn't move in with Ben. If you have any prompts, please let me know in the comments! Thanks! Chapter 10 : Time for Work Summary: Rey goes to her job, selling clothing. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey stretches in the bed, wishing she could go back to sleep. Ben lays next to her, groaning and moaning as he sleeps. She envies that he goes to work after her, but it lets her use the bathroom first, which she likes. She prepares herself for the day and finds her car keys, putting everything on the kitchen table. She sneaks back into the room and gives him a kiss on the cheek. "Mmmm... why are you up, babe?" "I have to go to work." "They made you work today? That's rough." "Why is that rough? It's Wednesday." "But don't you have some big sale going on? You said you were dreading it..." "Yeah, but they pay more today, so I took the shift. We need the money to stay fed, clothed, and for you to play your online games." "Hey, they are educational and teach hand-eye coordination..." "Whatever. I'm not complaining. Bye, sweetie." "Bye. Have fun." He smiles as she leaves and groans as he goes back to sleep. __________________________________ "Excuse me? Could I get this in a size 4?" "Sure. One moment." Rey goes to the rack and looks through the sizes. " 2...8....16....another 8.... ah, here. Here you go, ma'am." "Thanks." Another lady approaches her as she folds clothes. "Does this come in blue?" "Let me check for you." She looks through their inventory. "What size did you need?" "Well, I'm usually a 8... but sometimes I can fit in a 6." "Sure. Let me see what we have available..." She looks into their computer. "Okay, we have a 6 so let me find that for you. I can order the 8 if needed and it will be shipped here for free." "Thank you." Rey goes to the other side of the store and locates the blue top. "Here you go. If it doesn't fit, come find me and I'll order you the right size..." "Thanks again." The customer goes into the fitting room. "Hey, stranger..." Rey turns around to see Ben. "Hey, what are you doing here?" "I need a green top in a size 4... got anything?" "Sorry, sir, but we only sell women's clothing... but you're welcome to buy me something." She winks at him. Ben chuckles. "Maybe later. I wondered if you wanted to go out for lunch. I know you have a busy day..." "Sure. I get off in fifteen minutes. Meet you at the usual place?" "I have somewhere new to take you. Just meet me outside when you're done." "Okay, babe. See you then." She kisses his cheek and hurries back to the register to help a couple of ladies. Ben smiles at her. Even through the toughest situations, his Rey is always a ray of sunshine. Notes: Hope you all enjoyed this chapter! :) Chapter 11 : **not a chapter** This is not a chapter, just an update... I will not be writing or reading fics for a while. Need to take a break and figure out things in my life -- so I won't be logging onto AO3 or FF for a while... Thanks. Notes: This fic will also be posted on fanfiction.net under the same title. Username is MeganD1215. If you have any requests, feel free to let me know.