The first time Kylo saw her, she was challenging a murder of crows for rights to a trash heap. He leaned into a red brick wall as he gazed down the narrow alleyway in interest. She hissed and swatted at the birds with distended claws, narrowly avoiding their pecking beaks. Instantly, he sensed she was no ordinary tabby, and it had nothing to do with her daring, albeit foolhardy, fight with the crows. For a moment he assumed she was someone’s familiar, but there were few witches in the area. Kylo sincerely doubted any of them would be so cruel as to have their companion fend for themselves in the streets, especially when considering how small she was. Still, there was something undeniably clever about her. He sighed; either way, it was of no consequence to him . Kylo turned to leave the gray cat to her futile fight, pushing himself off the wall to return to the sidewalk, when a fat drop of rainwater burst on the round of his cheek, then another. He looked up to the overcast, Portland sky, frowning as he opened his umbrella. The clouds split open a moment later, dousing the earth with a sudden, torrential rain. The murder took off, defeated by the weather more than the cat now sulking, drenched in the alleyway with little but the eaves high above to offer cover. He had things to do, places to be, but… Cursing to himself, he marched towards the cat. She growled when he approached too closely, but Kylo paid no heed and picked her up by the scruff of her neck. Dirty and now wet, she still was a pretty cat; attractive, bold stripes curling around her body. Unsurprisingly, she made a swipe at him, whining loudly as he brought her to eye level, and finally she met his gaze, pupils drawn to thin, furious slits. Her irises were a vibrant, stunning hazel, and for a moment he couldn’t breathe. Put down. Put down. Put down! roared in his head as the tabby continued to struggle. She wasn’t a cat at all. She was a human--or at least she used to be. “What was your name before?” he asked, and at last she froze. Rey. Rey. Rey. Rey. Rey. Rey. Rey. Her mind was fragmented, intelligent but flushed with animal instinct. She had been a cat for a long while, and he doubted there was much he could do to turn her back. He nearly kicked himself as he told her, “Rey, I’m going to try to help you.” Her gaze was untrusting but she didn’t resist as he carefully tucked her shaking form into the warmth of his peacoat. Kylo went directly into the bathroom once he reached home, shutting the door behind him to prevent any escape before releasing his coat. She leaped from his chest, frantically observing her surroundings and wailing at him when he knelt in front of the tub to draw a shallow bath. “Don’t complain,” he muttered in response, “you’re absolutely filthy. I’m not letting you track dirt all over my house.” Thankfully, she was reasonable enough to not scratch at him when he scooped her up off the floor. She trembled, angry and pathetic as she stood in the tub, warm water lapping at the fur of her belly. Kylo huffed, scooping water with the palms of his hands to trickle it down her back. She arched at the sensation, her eyes narrowed in what could only be a glare. “And don’t look at me like that,” he said. She tipped her face away from him, and Kylo resisted the urge to laugh. She probably wouldn’t appreciate that. Much to his satisfaction, she was smart enough to not hassle him as he gently rubbed her down with shampoo, nor when he rinsed the suds off and wiped her face with a washcloth. Ultimately, he was larger than she was and he’d win. The water was a murky brown when he yanked out the rubber stopper, and she jumped at the gurgling sound as it drained. He was prepared for it, and had a towel stretched open to catch her with. “Nice try,” he said, patting her with the towel. Though she sat relatively still, she grumbled through the whole ordeal. When he finally lifted the towel away, she shook her muscles and shot him a resentful glance. MEAN. Kylo couldn’t help the small laugh that bubbled from his chest. Still, he opened the bathroom door and she darted out, paws quietly padding on hardwood floors as she rushed for freedom. He staggered to his feet, wondering what he should feed her. He didn’t have cat food, and he wasn’t sure he wanted to leave her unattended quite yet, but she was human, right? Even if she was used to picking through garbage, would she be offended if he got her kibble? He grimaced, looking at his reflection in the mirror. Doing this was probably a mistake, but it wasn’t as if he could have left her on the street. The thought left a bitter taste in his mouth. His home was a one-story cottage with large windows and a spacious garden in the back. Even if he couldn’t return her to her original form, it would be a nicer place to live than on the streets. He didn’t want to admit that he could use the company as well, and she...she was interesting. Kylo ran his fingers through his hair--now frizzy from the rain--as he followed the hall back into the living room. He found her standing in the middle of the floor, haunches raised in panic. She turned her head sharply at the sound of his footsteps, hissing and crouching away from him as he blinked in surprise. Witch bad! Witch bad! Witch bad! Witch bad! “Not all witches are bad,” he said, unable to keep himself from sounding affronted. She snarled at him with her teeth bared when he squatted next to her. Discombobulated flashes of someone else’s shelves of jarred herbs and dripping candles and dusty tomes surged in the forefront of his mind, and it occurred to him at last how she had come to be a cat in the first place. Another witch had done this to her; it was no wonder she didn’t trust him. Kylo tried to assure her as best as he could. “I’m not going to hurt you, Rey.” Hesitantly, he reached a hand towards her, only for Rey to strike at him with the hot sting of her sharp claws. Parallel stripes of crimson crossed his palm, blood beading along the thin cuts. Kylo grit his teeth. He knew yelling at her would only exasperate the situation but damn it all, he was just trying to help. “If I wanted to harm you, all I would have needed to do was leave you on the street!” She cowered at the volume of his voice, ducking behind the nearest piece of furniture, an aged leather armchair nearly as old as he was. His father had had it made only a few years after Kylo’s birth, and he’s been buried for a century at least. “Don’t you dare scratch up that chair,” he warned, tone thick with anger. More images tumbled into his head - of skinny, child limbs curling up behind another armchair, someone else roaring at her. The fear she felt, then and now, was palpable in the air. He deflated slightly, realizing the images were memories. He was only confirming her belief that he wasn’t to be trusted. He knew i he shouldn’t have done this. Kylo didn’t have the patience to care for wounded creatures. He should have brought her to someone who could control their temper. Maybe he could bring Rey to his mother...though the thought of facing her after decades of silence wasn’t exactly appealing. He stood, exhaling. She still needed to eat, and if she was willing to dig through garbage, Kylo was certain she wouldn’t refuse whatever he had to offer, witch or not. He walked through the doorway into a narrow kitchen, absentmindedly filing through his pantry full of various grains and flours before opening the refrigerator to stare blankly inside. Kylo had gone to the fish market only that morning, and so a set of fat salmon steaks wrapped in brown parchment paper rested next to the carton of eggs on his top shelf. He had bought them to have with Hux and Phasma, who were supposed to be over in the evening, but Kylo knew she would likely appreciate the fresh fish more. He should probably call them to let them know tonight wasn’t going to work, not with Rey in the house, not yet. He snatched the salmon, then grabbed the half empty bottle of Chardonnay from the bottom shelf, tearing out the cork with his teeth and taking a swift swig. When he returned with plate of seared salmon, he found Rey balanced on the edge of the corner table, working to open the vivarium that housed a now visibly stressed bearded dragon. He clicked his tongue on the roof of his mouth, setting down the plate to grab Rey--whether she liked it or not. She growled at him, squirming as he lifted her away. “Leave Leviathan alone,” he chided. “You can’t eat him, and I doubt he’d taste very good anyway.” She slipped through his hold, tail swishing against his chest as she smoothly hurtled towards the ground, bouncing away to hide behind the chair once more. Kylo sighed, grabbing the salmon and kneeling in front of the leather armchair. From what he could tell, she hadn’t scratched it at all, so that was a plus. He set the plate onto the floor then left the room, and she crept out from her hiding place moments later. Kylo tilted into the door jamb, arms crossed as he watched with some satisfaction as she sniffed at the plate, then took a skeptical nibble. Evidently she was pleased by the taste, because she scarfed the rest without taking a breath. Kylo wasn’t going to fully win her over with just food, but with some luck it would help. He approached slowly and kneeled even slower, but she didn’t run off this time. For a moment they simply stared at each other, neither knowing what to expect, before she mewled softly. Kylo took the small sound for what it was--a thank you. “I’m glad you liked it,” he murmured. She turned away from him with a loose sashay, pouncing onto a sofa with lumpy cushions and a bold, striped pattern, an unfortunate relic from the eighties that he couldn’t resolve to throw away. Kylo smiled as she crawled atop the back cushions and settled in, still eyeing him with a prickly gaze. “I really do just want to help,” he said, picking up the plate she had licked clean. “No harm will come to you under my roof.” She made a low, rumbling sound of disbelief but tucked her paws under her head as she lowered it to rest. Kylo was a bit surprised, if he was honest with himself. He wondered when she had last had a proper meal, if that had been enough for her to drop her guard. After placing the plate in the kitchen sink he went to sift through his books. He kept the books he used most frequently in the living room, but the second bedroom had been morphed into a small study, and that was where he stored the bulk of his reading material. Kylo had whole bookshelves that stretched to the ceiling stuffed with rare manuscripts and research notes and grimoires, as well as literature written by fellow magic-users. He was a bit of a scholar, and he reveled in collecting knowledge from many sources. The power to morph a human being into another species was undoubtedly dark; it involved subjugation and sacrifice, no doubt. Though his mother certainly didn’t approve, Kylo was glad to have dabbled long enough in all sorts of magic to have knowledge on even those dangerous, darker magics. He turned to his desk with a whole stack of spellbooks, gentle as he pried through parchment so old it threatened to crumble under his fingertips. It was difficult to tell exactly how long he spent at his desk, especially considering how dark the sky had been throughout the afternoon, but the view was black outside his window when he took off his glasses to take a break. Kylo leaned back in his chair, rolling his shoulders and cracking his neck as he exhaled. When he shifted away to stand, he found Rey sitting upright in the doorway, silently observing with those perceptive, hazel eyes of hers. “You look well rested,” Kylo commented. She tilted her head at him. “It might help if you could tell me how you were turned,” he said, propping an elbow up on the back of his chair, chin resting on his open palm. She gave a short meow. Scary. Kylo had no doubt of that. “I understand,” he replied, “but the witch that did this could have used any number of curses on you. It would narrow down the search a bit.” She deliberated quietly, glancing both at him and at his cluttered study. Besides the content of his books, there wasn’t much that could be considered out of place for anyone to have in their study. Determining that it was safe enough to enter, she stalked closer, glancing up at his desk and then back at him, as if to ask permission. He scooted his reading materials over and she jumped, all lithe grace as her body stretched through the air. Rey didn’t shy away from his gaze, her round eyes bright and consuming. He felt drawn to them, just as he had felt drawn to her in the alley. Kylo pondered the possibility that she was touched by magic, not merely cursed. He showed her his hand, allowed her to sniff at it, and when she darted her little, rough tongue against his fingertips, he smoothed his palm down the soft fur of her back. His lips tilted upward when she purred at him, giving her time to relax. New visions flooded his mind, stronger than the ones he had seen previously. She was showing him rather than leaking out her memories. The same child that had hidden behind furniture for fear of the other witch’s fury lay bound in the center of a circle comprised of bones and thorn-apples and flickering brown candles. The bones were feline, the brown wax hot as it dripped onto stark white. Near the crook of the child’s elbow was a long slash carved by a knife; blood letting had been used. He watched as fat, grubby hands forced her chin up and pried open her lips, a bowl of mixed blood--hers, the witch’s, that of a cat--and crushed berries from the belladonna plant. The skinny girl sputtered as the poisonous mixture was poured down her throat. Kylo’s hand fell away from her. He recognized that ritual. It had been outlawed for at least half a century. She must have been touched by magic, after all. Otherwise, there was no way she could have survived the ritualized transformation. Rey was a therian. Chapter 2 Notes: Giant thank you to grlie-girl, my awesome beta who is so, so encouraging. It's really thanks to her that this isn't going to be a short, three chapter fic. And thank you to everyone who commented before! I didn't expect such wonderful feedback! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) There was a knock at his front door, and it broke both he and Rey from their reverie. He had yet to say anything to her. It was as he originally suspected and telling her that would not be easy. There was no way to undo therianthropic magic. The effects were permanent. The knock was followed by tell-tale clicks and the sound of his door opening. He scowled as he rushed from his study. Kylo had forgotten about Hux and Phasma, and as usual, Phasma had picked the lock rather than wait for him to answer. Hux stepped in before Kylo could tell them to scram, sneering in his usual, condescending tone, “Well, this is very welcoming. Did you forget how to turn on your lights, or do you like sitting in the dark?” Phasma snapped her fingers and his living room was illuminated to reveal all three of them. Hux was wearing a short cloak that wrapped around his narrow shoulders in elegant folds, his familiar, an orange tabby named Millicent, resting around his neck. Hux was not known for being subtle about his looks; everything the man wore screamed witch. Phasma, of course, was much more subdued. “Did you forget we were coming?” she asked flatly, eyeing his choice of attire--a pair of gray sweatpants that hung low on his hips and a ratty tee shirt. In his defense, he liked to study in comfort. He tugged his fingers through his hair, huffing. “I’ve been having a rather unusual day.” “You seem to have a lot of those,” Hux replied, taking in the room. It hadn’t changed in the year since their last visit. “I see you still can’t seem to get rid of that hideous couch.” Kylo frowned. “Not as unusual as today has been...and leave the couch out of this.” Phasma rolled her eyes, strutting comfortably into the room, her heeled boots clicking on the hardwood floors. “Please don’t start bickering already.” Millicent hopped from Hux’s shoulders, and Kylo saw why a moment later. Rey was slinked along the hallway wall, gaping in horror at his guests. This was exactly what he had wanted to avoid. “Millie, what’s the problem?” Hux called after her, but his familiar still skulked towards where Rey lurked in fear. Millicent was much larger than Rey, and though he trusted Hux to keep a rein on her, he wasn’t sure how Rey would react to being cornered. He didn’t have to wait long to find out. Rey bolted along the wall and towards him, not thinking but acting as she pounced onto his back and clambered up, away from Millicent. Kylo hissed at the dig of her claws, glaring over his shoulder as she clung to his shirt. “I already told you you’d be safe under my roof,” he griped. “There’s no need to scratch up my back.” Don’t like cats. Don’t like witches. He reached behind to grab her by the scruff, pulling her over his shoulder to place her in his arms instead. “Fine, but my friends aren’t going to do anything to you.” He looked away from her pleading, wide eyes to Hux and Phasma, who were both staring at him in a blend of shock and disgust. “Kylo…” Phasma started slowly. Hux snarled when she couldn’t find the words to continue. “What in the hell is that thing?” Rey hissed in response, pressing herself closer into his chest. Hux only glared down at her trembling form, not disguising his disdain. “The reason for my unusual day,” he replied with a flat tone. Phasma stepped closer. “What have you been getting yourself into? If the council catches wind of you experimenting on humans--” “I’m not the one who did this,” Kylo interrupted before she could further insinuate that he would even think of placing such a heavy curse on a normal human. “I found her on the street. I couldn’t just leave her there.” “You should have,” Hux snapped. “What are you supposed to do with a creature like that? Do you even know what it is?” Kylo dreaded the word. Rey glanced up at him expectantly. She wanted to know just as badly. “A therian,” he breathed. Hux and Phasma both recoiled, faces going pale in shock. “Those aren’t supposed to exist anymore!” Phasma whispered. Hux sharply called, “Millie, come here. We’re leaving.” The orange tabby leaped back up onto her master’s shoulders, obedient to the last. Hux turned to Phasma, who hadn’t looked away from Rey. Her little, restrained mind was on repeat in her panic and confusion. Therian? Therian? Therian? “Phasma,” Hux said expectantly. “Wait for me outside,” she answered. “I’ll just be a minute.” Hux stormed out, his cloak whipping around him. Kylo sighed as the door slammed shut. Phasma simply stared, as if puzzling together the mystery that was an unaccounted for therian. They had been rare even before the Council of Three had put laws in place to prevent their creation, but he supposed it would have been easy to miss a small cat. Most therians had been much more dangerous, mythical beasts that had lost their belonging in the modern world. Rey was no dragon or griffin, but the council wouldn’t care if she was a mere stray cat. Her existence would be considered a threat. The fact she had been created meant someone had dared to challenge the council’s law. Finally, Phasma addressed Rey. “How long ago did this happen to you?” Eighty. Kylo sucked in harshly. “Days? Months?” Eighty. Eighty. Eighty. “You’ve been stuck in this form for eighty years?” Phasma stroked Rey’s ears, and she didn’t shy away from her kind touch. “That certainly explains why her mind is so far deteriorated. You should cast Remembrance on her, see if that brings her back a little bit. Eighty years is a very long time to be a cat.” Kylo nodded. “Do you think it’ll matter that she was created before therians were made taboo?” Phasma offered a sad smile. “It’s hard to say. It might help if she could fully develop her magic. She’s supposed to be able to turn back into a human, if she is a proper therian. The way she looks now...the council will just look down on her.” At that, Rey shied away from Phasma’s touch, a low sound rumbling from her chest. Kylo wasn’t too worried about that. He tended to lay low, and hadn’t had a run in with the council in a long time. Not since the death of his father. Unless Hux went running to them to tattle, he could go another hundred years without anyone taking notice of him. Hux hardly wanted their attention either, so it seemed unlikely. “My knowledge on therianthropic magic is rudimentary at best,” Kylo muttered. “Yeah, but knowing you, you’ll probably go into your obsessive research-hermit mode until you do know more.” Phasma grinned. “If you really want to help her, make her your apprentice.” “Apprentice?” he sputtered back, “I don’t know how to train someone. I’m probably not even qualified!” Phasma was already heading back outside to join Hux. “I’m sure you’ll figure it out.” How do I turn back into a human? The fog of feline instinct clearing, it seemed Rey was the sort to get right to the point. Casting Remembrance had been slow but effective, to say the least, and Kylo could only be thankful that communication would be easier. He had been getting tired of having to interpret the jumble of words and images she had been sending him over the past week. “I’m not sure yet,” he uttered back, absentmindedly scratching behind her ear. Don’t do that, she grumbled into his head, ducking away from his fingers. I’m not some pet. Kylo sighed. “So? I know you like it when I pet you. You purred yesterday.” Her wide, hazel eyes narrowed at him in a flat, unamused expression, her little nose twitching in anger. He could take a hint; Rey didn’t want to be reminded of what she may or may not have done as a cat. He could hardly blame her. “Fine,” he said, sitting back in his leather chair. She leapt from his lap to the nearby couch, perching on its striped arm. The witch that did this to me would know, right? Kylo leaned into the palm of his hand, elbow resting on his knee. “I would assume so, if they were knowledgeable enough to perform the ritual. I can’t imagine anyone would create a therian without having a good understanding on how they shift between forms.” He watched as her tail flicked back and forth--a thoughtful habit of hers. Do you know anyone named Unkar Plutt? Kylo frowned. The name was unfamiliar to him, but there were so many witches that remained unregistered and kept to themselves. “Where do they live?” Jakku County, Arizona, in a tiny town called Niima. At least, that’s where he lived last I knew. He cursed his own luck. He knew someone from Arizona, someone who would likely know of this Unkar Plutt, but contacting his uncle would be nothing short of unpleasant. Kylo was surprised she had managed to travel so far north to reach the Pacific Northwest, though he supposed she could have snuck aboard some form of transport. He doubted she could make the long trek to Oregon on foot, through perilous desert and great mountain ranges, avoiding predators all the way. He considered her for a moment. Kylo didn’t fully understand the compulsion he felt to help her, but he knew he’d do whatever was in his power to do so. More than once he tried to imagine how she would look as a human, grown out of the childish features from her memories. He hadn’t brought up what he had seen since the night she had shown them to him, and she hadn’t asked much about what a therian was, but Kylo knew it wasn’t a conversation they could avoid forever. She was only aware of the fact that it wasn’t a good thing to be a therian, and that she posed a threat to everyone she interacted with, regardless of whose fault it was. He supposed he could get some satisfaction from putting Plutt in his place for what he’s done to Rey. It had been a good, few decades since he’s had the opportunity to teach another witch a lesson. “I might be able to hunt him down,” he admitted at length. “My uncle lived in Arizona for half his life. He knows every witch in the state...from even before it was a state.” She made a small sound of satisfaction before asking, Who’s your uncle? He raised a brow with a smirk. “Don’t you know curiosity killed the cat?” he tutted. Rey hissed at that, clearly not appreciating his sense of humor. Kylo snickered, prying his cell phone from the deep pocket of his jeans. It had been a while since they had last spoken, but he knew very well how set in his ways Luke Skywalker truly was. The chances that his uncle’s number had changed--that his uncle had even replaced his Nokia brick--were slim to none. He scrolled through his contacts with a weary sigh. He was already committed. He tapped the call symbol and lifted his phone up to his ear, sucking in as he listened to it ring. Kylo exhaled when it went to message. It shouldn’t have been at all surprising, but Rey’s look of concern urged him to speak after the tone, rather than hang up and try again later. “Hey, I know it’s been a while, but I need your help with something. Call me back when you get the chance.” Less than a minute later, and his phone was vibrating in his palm. Kylo didn’t even have the opportunity to make niceties; Luke spoke before he could say hello. “You need my help?” That was fine with Kylo. It was easier to just cut to the chase, rather than waste time with greetings neither cared to say. “I’m looking for a witch from Arizona. I figured there was a good chance you knew them.” There was a brief silence. “Are you looking to make new friends?” Kylo rolled his eyes. “Hardly. I have a--” he glanced at Rey a moment in consideration, “--a friend who needs to find him. Do you know anyone named Unkar Plutt?” Another pause followed, filled only by a small hum from his Uncle in the receiver. Kylo tensed a moment, more and more uncertain the longer Luke took to reply. He sensed that Luke knew exactly who this Unkar Plutt was, but had no desire to divulge. The witch in question must have been even more distasteful than Kylo originally suspected. “You shouldn’t keep friends that want to mix with the likes of Plutt,” his uncle finally said. “He’s not worth knowing.” Kylo sank into the soft leather of his chair, disconcerted and relieved all at once. Relieved because it was a step in the right direction, but he had to ask himself what had Rey been doing with someone so horrid. He supposed they could have been related, but regardless, Kylo couldn’t imagine anyone leaving a mere child with someone like Unkar Plutt. A strange flutter of protectiveness warmed in his chest, one he was wholly unprepared to feel. “But you do know him.” “Yes,” Luke sighed. “He’s quite the piece of work.” Rey made a small sound to catch his attention, impatient in the way she returned to his lap to paw at his chest. Tell me what’s going on, she insisted. Does your uncle know where we can find him? “Give me a second, Rey, I’m getting to that,” he answered quietly, hand automatically stroking the soft length of her body and following the curl of her tail as she arched into his touch. Catching herself, she scowled up at him, bopping at his chin with her paw. I told you not to do that! His uncle’s voice was urgent. “Wait, Ben, did you just say ‘Rey’? Is she there? Is that who’s looking for Plutt?” Kylo stammered in surprise, momentarily ignoring the use of his old name. “Yeah, do you know her?” There was no response, and after a long moment, Kylo pulled the phone from his ear to look at his screen. A small message flashed in the corner as the call dropped-- connection lost. Rey, still in his lap, nudged at his hand with her forehead, wordlessly begging for an explanation. She darted at the sudden banging at his door, returning to the safe place behind his chair. Notes: Have a mini cliffhanger! Though I'm sure it's fairly obvious who their visitor is. Chapter 3 Notes: I'm so glad everyone's about as excited as I am about Luke. Thanks, as always, to my lovely beta, grlie-girl! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo suspected that if he hadn’t already put upwards to prevent rude guests, his uncle would have appeared in the middle of his living room, brick of a phone still hovering next to his ear. Which was precisely why he’d put wards up to begin with; his family may have accepted his decision to move across the country now, but at one point they would have taken every opportunity to drop in. Still, he moved for the door, expression carefully restrained as he opened it. His uncle had the decency to look at least a little sheepish for the way he’d rushed over but marched right in despite how Kylo felt about the situation. “Oh yes, make yourself at home,” he grumbled under his breath. Though Kylo hadn’t spoken with his uncle for a few years, it had been much longer since they’ve met face to face. His appearance was mostly unchanged, blue eyes still vibrant with youth, his sandy hair just as messy as ever. He’d decided to grow a beard, but he was the same Uncle Luke he’d seen at his father’s funeral. None of his four hundred years showed. “Rey?” his uncle called into the silence of his home, “are you here? We met a few times--” Luke stilled in shock as she peeked her head out from under the leather chair, her ears perked in familiarity. Kylo breathed in, steadying himself in preparation for the barrage of questions that would likely result in a stiff scolding; Uncle Luke always had been a stickler for the law, and Rey was a walking violation. Instead, his uncle stooped down to his knees, and Rey crept closer, hesitant but hopeful. The nice man is your uncle? The question was directed at Kylo. “Yes.” She peered up at Luke, hazel eyes burning with emotion. “Her mind is a strong one,” his uncle murmured, awe coloring his tone. He offered his hand for her to inspect, quietly asking her, “Do you remember me? I came to visit you while you were apprentice to Unkar Plutt.” I remember. Her thought was accompanied by a sort of aching, feline wail, and Kylo backed into the kitchen, unable to shake the feeling that he was invading on a private moment. Uncertain of himself, Kylo filled the kettle and set it on the stove to boil, his uncle’s gentle, reassuring voice carrying, Rey’s mind clear and piercing even at the distance he had given them. He grabbed a tin of English Breakfast tea, measuring small scoops into an infuser to make a full pot. So his uncle had known her parents. He could gather that much from their muted conversation. Irrationally, Kylo felt a rush of anger towards Luke, for allowing Rey to stay in such a situation, though he knew there was very little his uncle could have done. The bond between apprentice and master was sacred--no witch dared violate it by separating the two. To call it forbidden was an understatement. He now could only wish he wasn’t so ignorant of Rey’s predicament. Had she not seen the importance of telling him she had been Plutt’s apprentice? Kylo forced himself to listen to the rumbling of his kettle, the water bubbling as it approached a boiling point. If his uncle knew Rey, there was a good chance she would be leaving with him. He couldn’t help but think she’d probably prefer staying with his uncle. Kylo refused to ponder on why this fact bothered him. Already, Rey was more work than what he had signed up for. He couldn’t explain the tightness in his chest at the thought of her leaving. It wasn’t as if he was the best person to help her, in any case. She’d be better off with Luke; he’d surely be capable of training her. He was thankful for the interrupting whistle of the kettle. It gave him something to do, rather than allow his mind to wander. He startled when he felt the slide of Rey’s body against the the back of his calves, catching himself before he managed to spill hot water all over. Kylo glanced down at her from over his shoulder to see her sitting behind him, then carefully filled the teapot. You don’t look anything like Luke, she accused. He’s nicer, too. Kylo snickered, despite himself. “Being nice isn’t a genetic trait. Don’t get angry at me just because you couldn’t tell we were related.” She lurched upward, smoothly landing on the counter. Kylo had given up on telling her not to. Rey liked to watch, and for whatever reason, he could deny her nothing. He didn’t think it was pity, but some ambiguous cousin of that feeling that caused him to give in to her whims. He grabbed two mugs from the cabinet above. “You two are rather friendly,” Luke chimed from the small archway between the kitchen and living room. Kylo put all the tea things on a tray, not forgetting to grab the sugar for his uncle, who’s sweet tooth was notorious in circles even outside the family. On more than one occasion during his apprenticeship with Luke as a child, Kylo had witnessed distant acquaintances offer up sugary gifts in exchange for a clairvoyant glance. Luke had always obliged, though Kylo had thought it was a gross abuse of his powers, and that his uncle shouldn’t have been so lenient. No, we’re not, Rey hissed defiantly, lashing at Kylo with her tail as she jumped down as if his uncle’s comment was his doing. “It’s good that you get along,” Luke insisted with a grin, and then Rey was flashing a glare at him, too. “I’m not in a position to be taking her in at the moment.” Kylo rolled his eyes, bringing the tray into the living room, setting it onto the coffee table. “You got yourself another apprentice,” he said flatly. His uncle settled into the corner of the couch nearest to his chair, scooping two spoonfuls of sugar into his cup before pouring hot tea to the brim. Luke reclined into the lumpy cushions, crossing his legs in a rare show of discomfort. “Yes, well--” Kylo interrupted with a frown. “I believe the last time we saw each other, your words were, ‘I failed to teach you anything constructive,’ and ‘I’ll never make the mistake of taking a student again.’” He shouldn’t be taking this so personally. He knew that it had been his own actions that had led to the end of their relationship as master and apprentice. It didn’t matter that he’d been so young, so ill-prepared for his father’s passing, so heartbroken after spending most of his childhood watching his father crumple and gray with age too quickly for him to comprehend. For someone who was untouched, Han Solo had lived a long, full life, but Kylo had been inconsolable and traumatized by the acceptance and peace his mother and uncle had emanated. Kylo watched as Rey skimmed along the sides of the room, pretending to be invisible as she listened. She approached him with tentative steps. “Ben, that was over a century ago. Are you ever going to let it go?” Kylo poured himself his own tea, watching with fixed interest as steam wafted from the mug. “No.” He set the mug down without drinking from it. “I’m sorry you feel that way,” Luke exhaled, pausing as he deliberated. “The fact remains. I cannot teach her, so you must. I know you think seeking Plutt out will help her, but I don’t believe revenge is wise.” Kylo scowled. “I’m not out for revenge,” he snapped, “I’m hoping to figure out how she can turn back!” The look his uncle gave him was downright skeptical, but he mercifully did not question Kylo’s motivation. It must have seemed strange for Kylo to care so deeply about what happened to a girl-turned-cat after having known her for so short a period of time, but he did. He probably should have been ashamed of it, when he’d spent so long pushing away the affection and care of a loving family. “I see,” his uncle finally murmured, stroking his blond beard with a curious glint in his eyes. “Well, if that’s all, you don’t need Unkar Plutt. My library is much more extensive than yours. I should be able to find the information you need, but...” Luke trailed off then, lips spreading into a mischievous smile. Kylo pressed his lips into a harsh line, impatiently repeating, “But?” “You’re going to need to visit if you want to use my sources.” Kylo should have known. His uncle intended to exploit his situation to cook up some sort of family reunion. There were worse things than seeing his mother again, though he loathed the idea. Rey complicated things, however. While the word therian had not passed between them, his uncle was surely aware of what Rey was. And Leia was running to become one of the Council of Three. The concept was distasteful to him, but it was dangerous for Rey. There was no telling what his mother might do, in her current position, to a helpless, forbidden creature like Rey. He couldn’t imagine his mother harming her, but for the sake of her political standing...it was difficult to say. He supposed he could leave Rey on her own; it wouldn’t take him more than a few days to go through Luke’s library, but the idea made Kylo nervous. If something were to happen while he was away, he’d never forgive himself. His hesitation must have shown. “This isn’t a scheme to reunite you and your mother,” Luke assured after the silence stretched on, “though I do think you should go see her. She really does miss you.” Kylo frowned. “It is a scheme, though.” His uncle laughed in that easy way of his, nodding his head enthusiastically. “Obviously. You’re just going to have to find out.” Kylo observed his uncle a moment more as he sipped his overly sweetened tea and gave an appreciative hum. Some things never changed, he supposed, feeling beat as he at last drank from his cup. Kylo let the tea sit in his mouth for a few seconds, savoring the smooth, bitterness on his tongue before its warmth flowed down his throat. Rey wouldn’t care what their resource was, so long as they got the information needed for her to become human again. In fact, she would likely prefer to go through his uncle, if it meant avoiding Unkar Plutt. Kylo didn’t particularly like the idea of her having to see the hateful witch that had changed her. Not if she didn’t have to. “Very well,” Kylo uttered into his cup, “though I don’t see why the games are necessary. Are you ever going to grow up?” “Ben, there is a difference between maturity and being stuffy. Young people have such a hard time telling the difference.” Still, his uncle appeared to be genuinely delighted. Kylo dreaded the reason, up until the moment he walked Luke out the door. When Kylo emerged from the shower that evening, he padded into his bedroom to find Rey perched on the foot of his bed. While she had made herself perfectly at home in the other rooms of the house, he was certain he had never seen her in his room before. Kylo hadn’t forbidden her from entering but she had avoided it all the same, and he had never questioned it. “Are you sleeping on the bed now?” he asked, heading for his dresser. Her hackles rose in defense. It’s more comfortable than your ugly couch. He rolled his eyes as he pulled out a pair of briefs. What did everyone have against the stupid couch? “I’m not looking for interior design advice, thanks.” She continued to stare and Kylo paused, one hand where he had tucked the towel at his waist, the other gripping the briefs. He had no reason to be self-conscious, not when she seemed to lack an understanding of the concept of privacy, but she was human. The thought of her seeing him naked rubbed him the wrong way. “Can you turn around?” he asked. Rey blinked at him, quirking her head. I’ve seen a penis before. Somehow, her blasé tone served to make him even more uncomfortable. He pursed his lips and turned his back to her instead, tossing his towel over his shoulder as he stepped into his briefs. I’m not a child, you know, she informed him. I’ll be a hundred in less than ten years. Kylo tried not to laugh. “By witch standards, you’re barely legal. That’s not the point. People generally don’t ogle at each other naked unless they’re…” he struggled to find the right phrase, frowning as he settled on saying, “...being intimate.” Her tail flicked back and forth. I’m not an idiot, either. I know what sex is, and that’s beside the point. Modesty for modesty’s sake is stupid. He did laugh this time, full and loud. “You only get to say that because cats don’t get shamed for nudity. When we turn you back, you’ll need to wear clothing too.” Her gaze was sharp. I’ll do no such thing. Kylo snickered, shaking his head. “You say that now, but it can get cold without a nice, fur coat to insulate you.” She tipped her nose up at him, swiveling her head to the side, wonderfully stubborn as ever. Rey was an amusing thing, he would certainly give her that. He continued to grin stupidly as he reached to scratch under her chin. Pretend as she might, Kylo knew she liked it. She didn’t complain this time, at least. When will we be visiting your uncle? Kylo turned out the lights with a sigh then crawled under the covers, Rey still sitting at the foot of his bed. “Soon,” he promised. She dipped her head forward in a small nod, and he expected her to run off with her answer. Instead, she crept closer, silently staring at him as she approached. When he didn’t tell her to sleep on the couch, which she seemed to have expected, she made herself comfortable on his spare pillow, easing into a little crescent shape with her tail curled around her. The next morning, he woke with her asleep on his chest instead, burrowed between him and the blankets, faintly snoring. Notes: Thank you for the amazing feedback! It's greatly appreciated. :) Chapter 4 Notes: An update! Imagine that. A million thanks to my beta, grlie-girl, for looking this over for me! :) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Rey had growled at him when he dared move her in her sleep. Her long, scathing stare at his careful shifting would forever be imprinted in his mind. While Kylo was sure she had been very comfortable asleep on his chest, he had no desire to stay in bed all day just so she could nap indefinitely. He trudged through the house in his briefs, surprised by the shiver that climbed the length of his spine. The mornings were starting to get colder, much too cold to be spending any amount of time in just underwear. Kylo glanced to the small fireplace in his living room on the way to the kitchen, wondering if it was cold enough for him to start a fire. He smiled at the thought of Rey curled next to the hearth, soaking up whatever heat she could. After putting on the kettle and grinding beans for coffee, he returned to the living room, deciding to build a fire after all. The logs he had by the fireplace were old and dry, so it took very little kindling for flames to flicker to life. He stared into the dancing flame as it engulfed the wood, mesmerized. Outside, it started to rain. Kylo quietly snuck back into his room, expertly avoiding the spots in the floor that creaked. Rey had likely fallen back asleep, and he was pleased that she was able to feel so relaxed in his home. She was a small lump under his comforter, and he’d hate to wake her now. He never thought he would become caregiver to such a sad, helpless creature, and though he hadn’t anticipated Rey to be so much work, he couldn’t regret picking her up off the street. There was a simple joy he was learning to associate with providing for another person. Kylo sifted through his dresser for one of his knit sweaters and a pair of sweatpants. He sat on the edge of the bed to tug on some woolen socks, and at that Rey stirred. Kylo anticipated her usual irritation at being awake in the morning, but she peered out from under the covers to blink at him blearily. Have you made breakfast yet? She asked. He barked a startled laugh. He should have known. Kylo trotted away at the sheer scream of his kettle, calling over his shoulder as he darted down the narrow hall, “Not yet, but there’s a fire going. Get cozy and I’ll make eggs.” He nearly skidded into a fall as he stepped from wood to the linoleum he had in the kitchen, catching himself on the tiled counter. Rey followed him in, momentarily ignoring the crackle of the cheery fire he had built. Right. She liked to watch. He wasn’t going to poison her food, but he doubted that was the reason she was so intent on studying him while he cooked. Kylo suspected she simply enjoyed it for its novelty; after so many years of picking from garbage and hunting for small prey, cooking must seem like a luxury to her. He had every intention of spoiling her, after the life she’s led. Kylo cut a pat of butter from the dish he left out on the counter with the edge of his spatula and scraped it into his iron skillet, stepping away to grab the carton of eggs and loaf of sliced bread. Rey remained by the stove as he went about making toast, fixed on the butter as it oozed across the pan and bubbled along the edges. Butter, she reminded him as he grabbed some apricot preserves for the toast. He smirked at her impatience--she had made it clear she didn’t like browned butter. “I’m not going to burn anything,” Kylo promised. He swiftly returned to the skillet, cracking four eggs into it; three for him and one for Rey. The whites ran together, much to her apparent frustration. She liked it to be very clear how much was hers. After making coffee with his french press he returned to flip the eggs, and Rey hovered at every movement, a not so subtle threat of punishment should he break one of the yolks. He had yet to break a yolk, but she still watched, waiting for the day he inevitably would. She jumped down, satisfied by the plate he had made her, only then willing to venture towards the fire. Rey was sitting with relative patience on the small rug by the hearth. Kylo placed her plate on the rug and she instantly pounced. He snickered as she nibbled on egg whites before piercing the pocket of warm, yellow yolk with her teeth. Of course, it was okay when she broke the yolk. It spilled across the plate in a gush and she lapped at the liquid and that was when he turned towards his chair, unwilling to watch her eat. Once finished, she slinked along his calves and purred as thank you. “You’re gross,” he crooned with a mouthful of toast, dropping his hand to scratch below her chin. She headbutted his palm. Am not. “You are,” Kylo insisted. She was lucky she was cute. At this time of year, rural Connecticut was covered in a liberal layer of frost. The woods were stark, wildlife noticeably scarce, and autumn colors had already succumbed to oncoming winter. Branches clawed like smooth bone for the wispy clouds above. Rey was kept mercifully warm in the thick layer of his coat, but he had no desire to linger outdoors. Storrs was an inconsequential town if not for its proximity to the University of Connecticut, its people all settled in the thick woods on winding roads. Luke lived more specifically on Codfish Falls, a long road with a history marked by a small cemetery dating back to the early eighteenth century and a decrepit mill, in a brown house with goldenrod trimming with approximately an acre of land surrounding it. Wards similar to the ones he had around his own home kept Kylo from appearing any closer than the mailbox. It seemed his uncle was learning to keep unexpected visitors out; he remembered friends and family appearing at odd hours back during his apprenticeship with Luke. He trudged up the long driveway to his uncle’s quaint, New England home, admiring the newly painted window frames as he stomped his boots clean on the stone slab steps that led to the yellow door at the front. He startled slightly when the door opened before his knuckles touched wood to reveal a visibly excited young man. “You must be Ben,” he started before Kylo could begin to wonder who he was, “I’ve been looking forward to meeting for a long time now.” And then he was hugging Kylo. This stranger--his uncle’s apprentice, he could only surmise--was hugging him. Rey wailed in surprise from within his coat, lashing out in panic. He hissed as she slashed at his belly, bending out of the unexpected and frankly unwanted embrace while pawing through his layers clumsily to free her. She clawed her way up his chest, her fur standing on end. The young man stuttered in embarrassment. “Oh, I’m sorry, I didn’t realize your familiar was there--” Rey’s head whipped around and she seethed, I’m not a familiar. Kylo wanted to be amused by her strange sense of pride, but his irritation at Rey’s unwarranted attack and Luke’s apprentice overwhelmed everything else. He finished unbuttoning his sweater to find she had ripped through his tee shirt. “That was rude,” he told her, even while stroking her back as she continued to cling to his thick coat. “Attempted disembowelment is a bit over the top, isn’t it?” I was being crushed! He huffed, looking towards the apprentice with a scowl. “For future reference, a handshake is sufficient when meeting strangers for the first time. Hug me again and I’ll show you how scary a real witch can be.” He pushed past him to enter the house, letting Rey down once they were through the door. It had been many decades since Kylo had last seen the place, and though the furniture had been slowly replaced over the years, his uncle’s home managed to feel exactly the same as it did the last time he had visited. The rocking chair in the corner seemed to be the only piece he actually recognized, but of course Luke could never get rid of that. Rey stalked through the family room, with its large couch and soft pillows, hopping the small step into the kitchen--the family room had been added after the original house was already built, it’s foundation fractionally lower. Kylo sighed, looking at the stack of mail on the round, kitchen table, treading quietly across white tiled flooring. He was aware the apprentice was following him, but Kylo ignored it, walking past the dining and living rooms, the door to the basement and the tiny hall closet to step into his uncle’s library. Rey had already found Luke, who was in the attached office, sitting at an antiquity of a computer, desktop open to Explorer. “Your apprentice attacked me,” he told Luke, who swiveled toward him in his creaky office chair, Rey in his lap. Luke had the gall to sound amused. “Rey was just telling me. Very odd...that doesn’t sound like my apprentice at all. He takes after his father, you know.” There was a small, embarrassed sigh behind Kylo, “Dad, you were supposed to tell him. I thought he already knew.” Dad? His uncle had never sired any children, at least not to Kylo’s knowledge, unless… He looked back sharply. There wasn’t much of a resemblance, not with the apprentice’s dark complexion and short, tight curls of black hair. He would have never guessed him to be a relative. The apprentice met his gaze with a timid glance, pressing his full lips together as if to dare Kylo to say something about it. Kylo looked back at Luke, who had stepped from his desk to lean into the doorway between the library and office. He was grinning in that infuriating way of his, and Kylo realized this was his uncle’s little scheme. “Ben, meet Finn, your baby cousin.” There were two armchairs facing each other in a corner of the library, and that was where his uncle had insisted he sit with Finn to get better acquainted. Luke had scampered off to water the indoor plants, a daily ritual of his. Rey had decided it was more entertaining to follow Luke and his watering can around than watch Kylo flounder with his cousin. He should have been grateful she wasn’t there to witness him acting like a fool--she hardly needed more ammunition than she already had--but instead he felt rather lonely. Finn was twiddling his thumbs, lips pulled into a small frown as he stared at his hands. Kylo crossed his legs and leaned deeper into the chair. Evidently, it was up to him to start a conversation. “Is your mother a witch?” Finn looked up in surprise; clearly he had not anticipated Kylo to take any interest in him. To be fair, Kylo wasn’t particularly interested in Finn, but knowledge was power and it was best to learn about the new addition to the family sooner rather than later. “I don’t think so,” Finn said. He didn’t know? Kylo wondered how that was possible. It should have been an easy question to answer. Sensing Kylo’s bewilderment, Finn added, “She died of leukemia when I was seven. Chemo didn’t stick.” The answer was no, then. Human disease had no claim on a witch--Death determined when they were taken. Finn must have been much younger than Kylo originally supposed, if his mother had been treated with chemotherapy. It was a relatively new treatment, compared to the barbaric use of arsenic, which would have been prescribed had Finn been born at any point before World War Two. “How old are you?” he asked, now genuinely curious. Finn sounded defensive as he said, “Twenty-three,” with a slow voice. Kylo sputtered, eyes blown wide. When his uncle had introduced Finn as his baby cousin, he had been speaking literally. “Twenty-three?” he repeated, barely containing his amusement. “In all seriousness?” Finn must have thought he was teasing him, because he bristled in his chair, back straight. “I’m not that young. What are you, twenty-six?” Kylo barked a laugh at that, unable to hold it back. He shouldn’t have been at all surprised, but it seemed that Luke was not treating Finn like an apprentice at all, if the kid didn’t know about something as basic as lifespans. Kylo could understand Luke’s hesitation to teach any spellwork, but for Finn to be so ignorant about who he was was an injustice. Surely he’d have to start explaining when Finn noticed that he wasn’t visibly aging, that Luke’s silly beard was a ruse to look older. He uncrossed his legs as Rey came bounding in, no doubt to find the source of laughter. She perched herself on the narrow arm of the chair, watching him in suspicion, and he eased her with a stroke of his fingers behind her ear. “No,” he chortled, “I’m about ten times that. In February, I’ll be celebrating my two hundred and eleventh birthday, and that is still considered young. Even Rey is older than you.” Finn frowned at him with a sort of certainty that he needed to be on medication. “That’s impossible. People don’t live that long, neither do cats.” Rey grumbled, I’m not a cat, either. Kylo sighed, having anticipated some disbelief. His uncle had done a very good job of secluding Finn from their world. He hardly knew what Luke was trying to accomplish by keeping his son so oblivious. It would only make explaining later more difficult. “Kid, you know too little about our world to really know what is or isn’t possible.” He nearly cringed at the little slip. His father had called him Kid, likely still would if he were alive. It had never mattered to his father that he was surrounded by a family that he would never have the opportunity to see aged. His mother had looked just as young and beautiful as when they first met when he lay on his deathbed, withered and gray--a full, human lifetime in his past. His father had called his uncle Kid too, which was infinitely more humorous, considering Luke had been about a hundred and fifty years older than him. His father would always joke that he needed to stop hanging around such baby-faces. Ah, well. Finn was a kid. Rey turned her head on Finn, taking in his shocked expression, then whirling back at Kylo to bat his hand away. Be nice to him. Of course, Rey sided with his moping cousin. If she ever had the chance to meet his mother, she’d probably side with her too. It was just as well, his mother might be more willing to overlook Rey’s state if she grew to like her. “Fine,” he muttered, rolling his shoulders as he stood. “We came here for a reason, and I’d rather not waste more time here than I have to.” She fixed her eyes on him for a long moment, before deciding it wasn’t an argument worth having. Notes: Thank you for all the astounding feedback I've gotten so far on this fic! Every comment/kudo/bookmark/hit means so much to me. :) Chapter 5 Notes: Thank you grlie-girl for being such an encouraging friend and amazing beta! I probably wouldn't have the confidence to post this if it weren't for you. :) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The desk his uncle kept in the library was rickety and could stand to be refinished. The glossy sheen of finished wood had worn away after years of study, and he would have stacked the books higher around him if Kylo wasn’t concerned the desk would buckle under their weight. He had leaned on it with his elbows and the wood had moaned back. The chair was fractionally newer, the metal fold-up sort that was often thrown out on lawns for summer picnics. His knees poked into the underbelly of the desk at an uncomfortable angle, and Kylo longed for his own arrangement, his own chair, his own library. He flipped through pages that had cured yellow with age, the overwhelming musty smell of books his only work companion. This had never bothered him before, but with Finn and Rey whispering at each other behind him, it was difficult to concentrate. He was a skilled linguist but the faded runes of the book were beginning to blur in his distraction. “If you’re human,” Finn struggled with a low voice, “what do you look like?” Like any other human, Rey answered, simultaneously assaulting the boy with images of her younger self, all skin and bones, wide eyes and ratty hair. The bright flashes of her memories were not directed at Kylo, and seemed a bit fuzzy to him, like overhearing a conversation but not catching everything said. She wouldn’t look quite like that child anymore, Kylo knew. Rey would be a woman, he imagined her with long, willowy limbs and slight curves, hazel eyes just as wild as ever. He tried not to think about what might not change about her--would she still lounge on furniture, dozing as it rained? Kylo licked his lips, squinting as he reached into his breast pocket for his reading glasses. “Whoa,” Finn muttered, shaking his head as if it would clear it of Rey’s unexpected invasion. Her particular form of communication was unique, even to a world-weary witch like Kylo. “What was that?” Kylo scooted the chair back and it stuttered over the old rug his uncle had put down to protect the wood flooring. He turned on the metal seat, crossing his legs as he propped his elbow on the back of the chair and looked at the unlikely pair, Finn leaning forward in his armchair and Rey staring at him from where she sat on the floor, her head tilted to one side. “It’s how she looked before she was turned,” Kylo said. “She wasn’t always a cat, and she’s not going to stay a cat unless you two don’t shut up and let me concentrate.” Rey turned her head just far enough to stare at him with one eye. You’re being rude. He scoffed. “When am I not?” The flat look she leveled him with was one of silent agreement. Kylo rolled his eyes but cracked a smirk for her benefit, to which she made a low, disapproving sound. Ultimately, however, she knew better than to distract him when he was only researching therianthropic magic for her sake. Without him, Rey was trapped in the same feline form she’d had for eighty years now and she was impatient to stand on her own two feet again, as human as she was capable of being. His uncle called from the kitchen, “Ben, Finn, I’m making some hot chocolate. Do either of you want some?” Finn’s eyes widened in surprise; he catapulted from the chair and barrelled down the hallway, and Kylo snickered to himself. Just like a kid. Of course, his uncle’s recipe for hot chocolate was unbeatable--he remembered many afternoons in his childhood being spent standing on a stool next to his uncle in the kitchen, watching rich, dark chocolate melt into cream. A few years of studying in a french chocolaterie had certainly paid off, and Luke was nothing if not dedicated to his hobbies. Rey sashayed after Finn, and Kylo decided he’d have to make hot chocolate for her once she was turned back. He wasn’t sure how her body would react to it now and he wasn’t inclined to find out. He buried himself back in his uncle’s books, momentarily free from distraction. Progress was slow, over the following hours. There were several mentions of therians, even a passage on how to know if a witch had the right temperament to become one, but he was finding little detail on the ritual following the initial turn. All he knew was that there were two--the first Changing, and the Return. From what he understood, she should have the ability to switch between her two forms at will, once both parts have been completed, but until he knew how to complete Return, she was stuck in a sort of purgatory state. Therian, but not completely. Human, but not really. Cat, but only physically. His uncle slipped into the library without a word, gingerly setting down a mug of hot chocolate that looked to be as thick as pudding. Kylo smiled at the faint hints of cinnamon and cayenne pepper--his uncle remembered how he liked it. Rey darted in a few minutes later, little clots of homemade whipped cream caught on her whiskers, to inform him that it was snowing out. Kylo opened the blinds to the window above his uncle’s desk, observing the white flakes snagged on spiry, dead grass. The sky, barely visible above the tree line, was a soothing gray that, combined with the warm confectionary drink that had settled in his stomach, made him want to curl up on a couch by his uncle’s fireplace and doze off. Lethargic as he continued to admire the view outside, Kylo scooped Rey off the floor and cradled her in his arms. She didn’t resist, settling into his hold and following his gaze with her eyes. The snow likely wouldn’t stick, it was too early in the year, but she admired it with silent awe. Kylo doubted she’d ever had the chance to watch the snow fall without being in it, and this thought had his chest tightening uncomfortably. She seemed to sense his line of thought because she was tentative as she asked, What will happen once I can change into a human? Kylo blinked down at her. He hadn’t put too much thought into after, besides the odd speculation on how she’d look or act. He knew that wasn’t what she was asking about. Rey wanted to know if she would be out on her own again, while Kylo had assumed she would stay with him. He had spent so long wrapped up in his own privacy, yet she had come blundering in with ease, and Kylo had difficulty imagining his home without her in it. It was astounding how quickly she had made herself at home. What did she want? Kylo could hardly say. He cleared his throat. “Would you like to stay with me?” Rey twisted in his arms, her belly up to him. I wasn’t sure how you would feel about me sticking around. “I’m not going to just throw you out onto the street,” he said, voice sounding softer than he intended. I didn’t want to presume anything. You’ve already done so much for me. Kylo was certain this must have been the most honest conversation they’ve ever had. For too long he’s put off telling her the truth; even now, she hardly knew the significance of being a therian in a world where her kind was no longer welcome. Finn’s own ignorance of their world seemed to solidify this realization. He stroked the soft fur of her underside and she relaxed further into his hold, a slow purr rumbling in her chest. “You have a home with me for as long as you want,” he told her. Her eyes shut in satisfaction. He felt her trust implicitly, as if it were a physical thing that weighed heavy and warm in his gut, but all he could think was that she could not have chosen a more undeserving witch to believe in if she had tried. It was still afternoon when the sun set, the cloudy soup of sky shifting from gray to a cool, threatening lilac. The weather would not be letting up at any point soon, though Kylo hardly had reason to complain. He was fixed permanently in the uncomfortable folding chair, Rey fast asleep in his lap and a danger to wake. The slow rise and fall of her slackened form was a peaceful distraction. A vaguely familiar Russian opera was being played on a record player somewhere in the house, just loud enough for him to catch the notes but not the words, and Kylo leaned back, staring into the yard. The flooring creaked as someone tried--and failed--to stealthily creep into the library without disturbing him. Kylo tipped his head over the back of the chair to see Finn collapse into one of the armchairs behind him. It was no great mystery what his cousin wanted: answers to questions he had never known he should have until meeting him. Kylo straightened his neck, facing the desk once more. “Did you ask Luke first?” Kylo asked, mindlessly flipping a page in the book spread before him. There was no mention of Return, just a fleeting description of how it felt to shift between forms, as transcribed by a therian that was centuries long dead. While fascinating, it was not what Kylo was looking for. “Huh?” Kylo rolled his eyes. “Whatever you’re about to ask me,” he clarified. “Did you ask him first?” Finn cleared his throat, the leather of his armchair squawking as he shifted his weight. “Oh. Yeah. Dad...he’s…” “He’s quite adept at avoiding conversations he doesn’t want to have, I know.” “Yeah,” Finn agreed lamely. Silence fell between them, and Kylo held in his sigh, the spine of the book whining as he shut it. “If you’re not going to speak, I’d prefer you didn’t stare at my back while I read.” “Right, sorry--” Finn stood promptly to leave. “Just ask your question,” Kylo muttered, reaching for the next book from his stack. “I have more than one, actually--” “Before I change my mind,” Kylo interrupted with a flat tone. He smirked at the hint of panic Finn exuded as he retook his seat and floundered with what to say, before at last, his cousin asked, “How long do witches usually live?” Kylo briefly wondered what sort of trouble he might get into with Luke if he shared this information with Finn, before deciding he didn’t particularly care. “Not everyone touched by magic becomes a witch, but either way, our lifespans aren’t solely dependent on health as the average human’s would be. We die when Death decides, not a moment sooner. Usually, a witch will live around seven-hundred or eight-hundred years before He makes His claim, but I’ve heard of some living as long as a millennia. Death tends to play favorites.” “Death?” Finn’s voice cracked. “As in the grim reaper?” Death had more of a god-like status with executive powers, but Finn would hardly know anything about that. He determined when someone belonged to Him, but the grisly work of collecting was left to the grim reapers humans seemed to fear so much, regardless of the fact collectors had very little interest in them. Kylo grinned. “When you’re close to dying, they’ll start to lurk, always in the corner of your eye. They’re only visible to whoever they mean to collect, to remind you to settle your debts and make proper arrangements. Really, it’s almost kind of them. Humans are never given such a luxury.” Finn considered this quietly. “My mom wasn’t a witch, then. Doesn’t that make me only half?” Kylo glanced through the index of his book. “No,” he answered with an easy tone. “You’re either touched or not. A person can be touched even if they’re born to a pair of normal, human parents. They are less likely to become a fully-fledged witch, though, since they usually begin to realize what they are later than someone born to a witch and have a harder time finding an apprenticeship. Witches do tend to beget witches, but it isn’t a given. Our family only goes back three generations, the rest before were untouched.” “And Rey’s touched too, even though she’s a cat?” Rey twitched slightly in his lap at the mention of her name, evidently listening into their conversation and only feigning sleep. Nevertheless, she made no great fuss about how she wasn’t a cat, a concept Finn was still having difficulty grasping; she wanted to hear Kylo’s answer as well. He supposed it was only fair she learned just why she posed such a threat. “If she wasn’t touched, she would have never survived becoming a therian.” Notes: A little bit of an abrupt ending....but I wanted to be able to dedicate a good chunk of a chapter to the therian talk. Thank you for all the amazing feedback I've gotten on this fic! Your comments put smiles on this goofy writer's face. Notes: To clarify, therianthropy is the ability of a human to transform into an animal. The most well-known/common type of therian is a werewolf, but there are myths of humans able to change into cats (called ailuranthropy). For the sake of this fic, however, I will be using the more generic term. Thanks for reading! Feedback is greatly appreciated. :)