Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Sidious pointed at the distant ridge. "We've never gone there before." Rey glanced over her shoulder, squinting in the glare of the lowering sun. "That's Kelvin Ridge. You don't want to go there, trust me." He tilted his head under his wide hood, the light catching his long nose and adding just the hint of a glow to his brilliant blue eyes. He appeared to accept her words. "A particularly motivated gang, like the one you keep telling me about? Cerebos? Or the… Clan, you called them." Rey snorted. "Not really. More like the place where all the crazy ones live, outside of the Whisperers of course." Sidious hummed. He knew about the Whisperers ever since half a dozen of them had wandered past Rey’s home in a dazed stagger late one night. "Crazy." Rey ducked her head. "Yes, crazy." She looked at him with a wide grin. "Even crazier than us for being out this late in the day. We should head back…" He ignored her less than subtle hint and studied the ridge. Rey leaned in a little closer when she noticed something under the tattered brown hood. "You were out in the sun too long today. Those freckles are spreading." He rolled his eyes toward her. "There are more important things to worry about.” "I think they're cute," she teased. She'd never been able to just tease someone before him. It felt.... Good. Like what normal people did, maybe, ones who weren't stuck on a death trap planet. He didn’t seem to really mind, and she was grateful for that, more grateful than she could ever admit, even to herself. "Come on, Rey." Rey paused; after so many years alone, she would never get over hearing her own name the way he said it, as if they were partners ...friends. Like they belonged together. Like he didn’t want to use her for her technical skills or her knowledge of scavenging locations or… or anything else. Rey's heart leapt in her throat when she realized where he was going with such determined strides. She scurried after him across the sandy expanse, casting nervous glances back in the direction of their – their – home, out of sight across the Goazan Badlands. "Hey, no.... Didn't you hear me say something about crazy people?" "We'll need to be careful, of course." He turned partly and flashed her a sharp-toothed smile. It wasn't much, he never smiled much, but enough to stun her with how much she liked smiles. Especially from him. But it also reminded her how many smiles she might have missed here on Jakku. Did people on other planets smile more or less than him? Of course, there he went again, picking his way across the unstable dunes, heading inexorably for the distant sloping ridge. "It's not safe," she protested as she squished after him, trying to shove the thought out of her mind and shouldering the day’s haul on her left side. He would find it silly to think about smiles. She found it one way to keep herself sane. "What is safe on Jakku?" At his soft chuckle, Rey weakened. You. I think. “Steelpeckers make their nests in the shadowed overhangs of the ridge. You don’t want to run into more than one of those.” She swallowed; the memory still haunted her in the darkest moments of the night. “I knew a scavenger once, got shredded by those things in seconds.” He finally paused and looked back. “We’ll be careful, Rey, now come along.” Why did she feel like such a little girl trailing after him? After all, he wasn’t that much older than her. She was sixteen going on seventeen, and Rey had never asked, but he looked like he was in his mid-twenties. Not many on Jakku looked as young as he did, untried by the sun and delicate and fragile. He wasn’t fragile though. Not at all. She shivered at the memory of their escape from the belly of the Gorgon. That was over. Done. She still woke up at night sometimes, whimpering as she watched the stretcher tip over. She had nearly lost him, but he held on. “Rey.” Rey ran to catch up, and thank the sand dunes the sun was getting lower and lower in the sky, otherwise she would have been drenched in sweat by the time she pulled up at his side and fell into step. Sidious walked silently like a predator, every step measured and cautious. Had he even really needed her to survive on Jakku? She glanced at the staff he had built for himself, using it the nights he disappeared from their bed to train wiry muscles into his body in the cooler dark air, and using it to leverage himself into the tightest of places on the wrecks when they went scavenging. Rey didn’t doubt he knew how to use it on heads and stomachs, too. Rey pulled her head higher. She had helped. First, she saved him, then she taught him what she knew so he could survive the brutal world of Jakku. She loved teaching him technical skills, the only times when his hands were clumsier than hers. More hesitant. “What are you hoping to find?” she asked softly. No answer. Just determined strides, the tattered ends of his clothing whipping sharply in the wind. “Sidious?” “….Sidious?” He finally looked at her. “I’m not sure, but I think it’s good to be aware of all our surroundings, don’t you think? You mentioned a village once out this way. A Sacred Village.” “One them anyway. Tuanul,” Rey responded automatically. “Crazy people. Some sort of Church of the Force thing.” He wheeled to a sudden stop in the sand, turning to her with an expression she had never seen on his narrow, friendly face, so much healthier now and yet still pale. Derision? Distaste? Loathing? Rey swallowed nervously. Now was no time to talk. “Church of the Force?” Rey thought she caught a glimmer of knowing in those pale eyes. “You know them?” He turned his head back toward the ridge and started moving again. “Not really…” Rey stared at his narrow, retreating back. She sighed, then picked up her own pace to keep steady with him. “Didn’t.” She stopped, trying to remember the history and law codes contained on several of the ships she had scavenged over the years, things she picked up from Unkar Plutt and the other traveling traders. “Didn’t the Empire ban that stuff? Belief in the Force?” “The Empire banned cults .” His curt answer surprised her. Rey instantly began to worry. He was pushing himself too hard, physically. He wasn’t ready for treks like this, he wasn’t naturally a hardy person. Had she put too much on him too soon, even though he seemed so much stronger? Suddenly, Rey realized what she actually had on her hands: a wealth of knowledge like nothing the manuals and recordings on the ships could give her about the time of the Empire. Sidious probably knew so much… She chased after him . “Some of the ones who pass through talk about the Empire. They say it was better then. More stable.” He glanced at her, his pale eyes glittering with wry patience….and….vindication? “It made the mag-lev trains run on time, at least.” “A mag-lev train…” Rey breathed quietly. What she wouldn’t give to explore the innards of one of them! “You’ve seen those before?” “They are many places,” he shrugged. “You’ll see one someday, I’m sure of it.” When I see one someday… Sidious didn’t talk often about leaving Jakku, but Rey somehow knew, somehow, that he wouldn’t stay here much longer. She feared the idea, but at the same time, her heart fluttered with the excitement that maybe, possibly, she might go with him. Maybe, but then her heart crushed under the weight of the simple fact that if she left, they might come back when she wasn’t there. She couldn’t miss them. Rey blinked against the sudden sharp sting of the desert sand, caught in a gust of wind. Then she laughed. Sidious glanced at her. Reality had a way of waking her up like that, a slap in the face, like the time Devi and Strunk stole the 690 light freighter out from under her nose. Even now, the memory festered like a raw wound, maybe worse than usual. Odd… usually she could put it out of her mind. “Are you all right, Rey?” A slender hand brushed against her forearm, and Rey looked up. She nodded once, business again. Business as usual. “Just thinking.” “I think we found it,” he smiled and pointed, and she followed his indication. Ahead, just over the dune they had mounted, lay the outskirts of a dilapidated, ramshackle village, bound together in a rough circular configuration of huts and a center village plaza. If it could be called that. Rumors told that the rest of the Sacred Villages, one even dedicated to a dead Hutt, were all similar in condition and size. Rey hesitated. “Do you think we should bother them? I’ve never been in a Sacred Village before…” Sidious laughed. “Unless they are cannibals, we should have nothing to worry about. Besides, I’m thirsty, aren’t you?” She tracked his meaningful gaze and found a well of water at the end of it, near the center of the village. Rey nodded slowly. Her friend was catching onto Jakku’s curious ways quickly. Only the cruelest hardest tribes withheld water from guests. Only gangs like Cerebos. Most permanent villages knew only too well what it was like to thirst from the bottom of your bones. Hospitality and Jakku possessed little in common, but this at least would be a given. And it was a Sacred Village. “I guess we could quickly visit.” His smile melted her bones anyway. Rey tightened her grip on her quarterstaff – habit – and shadowed him down the long expanse of smooth sand on the edge of the dune. She looked at the still distant Kelvin Ridge. Why would religious people voluntarily make a home in a ravine like this? On a planet like this? She wouldn’t. Someday, she would leave. Maybe with them . Maybe with him. Stop thinking like that, she scolded herself and trailed him down the steep incline to the village below. As they stepped past the outer row of huts on their way to the well in the center, Rey studied the inhabitants. A motley crew of half a dozen humanoids gathered in the plaza and waved them closer. “Refresh yourselves, friends,” a grizzled Twi’lek in ragged old robes called, half of his left lekku missing, along with his left eye and left hand. Rey stared at the rough hook at the end of his wrist, her eyes widening. Sidious chuckled and spoke under his breath. “Don’t stare, it isn’t polite.” “I’ve never seen one of them before,” she whispered back. “A Twi’lek, I mean.” Besides. She wasn’t polite. Jakku wasn’t polite. “They’re a credit a dozen in most of the rest of the galaxy.” He smiled broadly and nudged her shoulder as they drew within hearing range. “Thank you, friend,” he called. “Don’t mind if we do.” They backed away, all but one, a scrappy Nikto who activated the rustic pump and produced two dust-crusted glasses for the visitors. Sidious and Rey took them gratefully. The grit rubbed their teeth, but they barely noticed as they studied the small village. The group of humanoids moved away, silent and solemn, to a point on the opposite side of the plaza center. Rey watched them kneel in a half circle, locking hands and already swaying to some invisible, gentle kata. Interesting. She tilted her head. Then she noticed Sidious no longer stood at her side. Spinning on her heel, Rey took off after him as he walked the outer edge of the village and catalogued the huts, looking like nothing more than a tired stranger trying to work the kinks out after a long day of travel. The village appeared very trusting. Out in the open, no defenses, hardly a weapon in sight. Were all religious people like this, Rey wondered. They barely payed attention to their own visitors. “What are you looking for?” she whispered again. “Still not sure,” he whispered back and pointed. “Look there.” He keeps trying to distract m- She stopped. “That’s… that’s an Iktochi,” Rey said, stunned. Just like the images on the non-human databases on the Imperial ship records, the Iktochi was tall, with large hands wrapped around the closest pole of her weaving beam. The horned alien stared at Rey’s companion, and she felt Sidious stiffen under the attention. “So it is,” he finally said, and turned to the right to move across the plaza in the opposite direction, back toward the group of worshippers. Rey glanced behind at the Ikotichi, still rooted to her place and watching Sidious retreat. The young woman quickly spun to catch up with her friend. “Are we going?” Sidious nodded - what a relief, and she wasn't sure why - but his forward movement ground to a halt when a rough, heavy hand landed on his shoulder and turned him. He pushed the hand away automatically and turned, but the Iktochi only stared at him. Baleful. Silent. Fascinated. Somehow she had come up silently behind them like one of the ghosts that drifted across the highest points of the dunes. “What do you want?” he asked her. “You are…” The tips of the horns tilted up as the old woman consulted the cloudless sky. “You are not one of us.” Sidious shook his head. “No. No, I’m a visitor.” Rey jumped in, not liking the gleam in the woman’s small eyes. “We’re travelers, just passing through. We’ll be on our way.” Faster than a striking serpent, the Iktochi’s wrinkled hands snaked out to grasp Sidious’s. He tried to jerk free, but her grip tightened into a vise. Rey fought the rising lump of panic in her throat. The bag of the day's haul tumbled from her loose fingers. “Please-” The Iktochi stared into his pale eyes, and Sidious seemed transfixed. “ You . Everything….” She gasped. “Everything will change now.” Rey hated the pressure of those large fingers on her friend’s delicate skin, she knew there would be bruises by morning, and she reached out to pry them loose. “Let go of him! You’re hurting him.” The Iktochi cried out as though burned when Rey touched her. She stared at them both, rubbing her hands together and not aware of it. Rey scowled and reached for the staff on her back, woman or not, this crazy person wasn’t hurting either of them – them – today. “Let’s get out of here,” she muttered to her companion, who still stared as though stunned. “Is there a problem?” At the sound of an older, cultured voice, both visitors rotated to face the new arrival. An old man, distinguished with white hair and a weathered brow hovering over bright blue eyes, he smiled at them both, hands raised in peace. “Welcome, strangers, to Tuanul.” Sidious sized him up with one quick look. “Thank you, and no. No, there’s no problem. I think there was simply a misunderstanding.” The Iktochi made a low keening sound and wandered away, and Rey couldn’t help the feeling that the old woman was… broken… somehow. Used up. The elder spread his hands. “Please forgive Sister Cognii, she is growing older, and the desert is not so easy on us anymore. I am Lor San Tekka.” “You’re the leader of this village,” Sidious surmised quietly, and San Tekka laughed. “Oh no, just one of the members of the Church, my friend.” “You make the decisions.” San Tekka dipped his head. “You are perceptive, my friend.” Sidious smiled. “It’s important on Jakku.” “Will you stay and take supper with us? You and your friend?” San Tekka’s kindly eyes drifted over to Rey, and she ducked her head, suddenly uncomfortable and it was hard to breathe, and why was he looking at her like that, like she was just another fellow human being? Like he wasn’t picking her apart for spoils or trickery? It felt nice, but she wasn't sure she could trust it. She pressed closer to Sidious, soaking in the delight of his warm, thin, solid body. He must have guessed at her discomfort, for he shook his head, feigning regret. “I’m sorry, but we must be going. We only stopped for water on our journey.” San Tekka lowered his chin. “Be careful out there. Dark on Jakku is no place to be. You could share our fires.” Sidious put a hand on her shoulder, just a hint but clear as day. Move. Rey stepped away and smiled at San Tekka. Her smile felt rusty. Fake. Sure, he was going to see through it. “We don’t live far from here.” A lie. Never tell where you live. Never ever to strangers. “But thank you for your kind offer, nonetheless,” Sidious smiled, his a lot more realistic than hers. Rey wanted to poke him because it was also a lot more condescending when it turned on her. See? That’s how it’s done, he seemed to be saying. She’d get him back later, somehow. Lor San Tekka paused, then nodded. “Very well. Be careful, and watch out for your sister.” Sidious didn’t bother to correct him. “I will.” Rey couldn’t stop the slow, wonderful burn deep in her chest as they exited the village and wound their way up the dune again. It sounded like a promise to her. Once they had put several kilometers between themselves and the village, Rey turned and smiled shyly. “Crazy, right?” Sidious smirked. “Crazy.” They laughed together, and the warm glow grew warmer yet. Notes: 1. Dedicated to the fantastic Lightpoint and her wonderful series of the Sith From Jakku. ;) xD This is one talented writer with a gift for worldbuilding and tense situations. And jelly-kneed hotness. And OC crackfic. So much variety! Check her stuff out! Merry Christmas, Lightpoint! 2. I had a lot of fun writing this, I don’t know if I got Rey’s voice right, and it’s the first time writing her, but it was fun. :) It seems Sidious likes investigating Iktochi too, like his master. xD At least this time, the Iktochi didn’t get boiled and baked. Just sort of... stunned. 3. This is going to be a series of gift fics, in the spirit of Christmas! So Merry Christmas, my fellow Sidious (and Plagueis) fans! I hope you all enjoy my little way of saying thanks for being such great people. 4. I have gift ideas for LadySidious and Isaakfvkampfer, and I’m working on ideas for Ashangel, Sudooku, Cinnamon_Girl, Bluedragoninamber, and Galactique (Did I miss anyone??). But if you guys have ideas, please send me a wish list in the comments below. ;) As you know, I’m pretty flexible in what I’m willing to write. xD Chapter 2 : Gift Fic for LadySidious Summary: For LadySidious: Palpatine gets his ear pierced to anger his father after a heated argument, but he gets more than he bargained for when they take a trip to the Palace. This gift fic is also actually part of my Master/Apprentice ‘verse and is compliant to those stories. Notes: This fic is for LadySidious! Merry Christmas, have a Dark Fic. xD I know you wanted me to write the earring one-shot, so here it is. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) One portion of Theed didn’t glow as brightly and pristine as the rest of the marbled city. Within that area, multiple businesses dealt in less than reputable goods, deathsticks, outlawed alcohol, services, and artists whose work never received the support of the rigid Naboo society. One building in particular housed a man whose claim to fame lay in his skill with piercing and tattoo art. Not something any self-respecting Naboo would laud. Who cared about self-respecting Naboo? Palpatine turned his head and peered into the mirror. Beside him, the grungy tattoo artist with even grungier clothing showed off discolored teeth. “You like it, kid?” The young noble swallowed the revulsion and nodded. He was lying, of course. The shiny durasteel studs, arranged in a string of three along the upper shell of his left ear, did nothing for him, but he cared little about that. What mattered was his father’s reaction. If he had to guess, Cosinga would be horrified. Embarrassed. Well, he deserved it after denying Palpatine’s admission application to an elite private school on Coruscant, one that Palpatine had been eying for months since his social arts teacher put the holographic flyer up in the classroom. Palpatine could remember the conversation with his father all too clearly. “I’ll be damned to Chaos before I let you get that far out of my sight,” Cosinga snarled when his son showed him the application. “I can’t trust you on the next planet over, what makes you think I’m going to reward you by sending you halfway across the galaxy to the capital?” “It might do me good, Father,” Sheev argued. He lowered his voice to make it more coaxing, more gentle, and hoped it wouldn’t crack in that annoying way it had been doing lately. “Maybe they could help me.” Yes, play on his father’s fears that he has sired a monster in desperate need of correction. Cosinga sighed. “Vidar Kim said something similar. He said they have educational services our planet doesn’t.” Then his eyes hardened. “Unfortunately for you, you won’t be finding out. The trouble you could cause… the scandal. No. My word is final.” Palpatine scowled up at him. Cosinga reached over and cuffed him. “Don’t look at me like that. Give me any trouble over this, and I’ll make you wish you weren’t born.” In hindsight, staring at the engraved studs in his ear, Palpatine realized that impulse control could be an issue for him. Father would not only be embarrassed, he would be furious. He glanced at the tattoo artist as the older human sanitized his tools and wondered if piercings could be undone easily. Then Palpatine bit his tongue. He wouldn’t let Father intimidate him. Not this time. This time, Palpatine was old enough to make his own choices. After all, he was going on fifteen years of age in two weeks, and that was a respectable age. Only seven more years before he could be free of his father. Seven was a lucky number on Naboo. Although Palpatine certainly didn’t believe in something so foolish as luck, it might not hurt to pad his chances. He slid down from the raised chair, ignoring the numb feeling in his ear. “How long until they are healed?” The artist looked up. “Use those bacta patches I gave you, and you’ll be good to go in about three weeks, kid.” Palpatine fought a surge of irritation. “I’m not a kid.” The man scoffed. “Sure, and I’m not a tattoo artist stuck on stuffed-up Naboo. Relax, I’ve dealt with minors before, and you said your old man was fine with this, right?” “As fine as he’ll ever be,” Palpatine hedged, pulling the small bag of supplies a little closer. “Here.” He held out several credit chips, and the older man’s eyes widened as the boy dropped them into his large hand. “What’s this?” “Confidentiality,” Palpatine grinned a little. “And a way for you to get off ‘stuffed-up Naboo.’ Forget you ever met me.” “You’re trying to bribe me?” Palpatine kept grinning until the older man sighed and closed his fingers around the rich source of credits. “You won’t regret it.” “Most minors don’t try to bribe me, especially not with this much currency.” The artist paused, his beady eyes softening beneath rough brows. “You okay, kid? You in trouble?” Palpatine instantly tensed, the grin dropping away into a tight scowl. “I’m fine, I didn’t pay you to ask questions.” The man raised his hands. “Okay, okay, I was just, I dunno, kinda concerned, all right? Take care of yourself, ki- man.” Palpatine nodded, clutched his bag tighter, and slipped out of the nondescript back entrance of the tattoo parlor, side-stepping a hulking, half-drunk man who winked at him and slurred, “Hey, Red…” The teenager doubled his pace until he reached the main thoroughfare and the itchy crawl down his spine abated. As he weaved his way through the foot traffic toward Theed’s main districts, Palpatine let out a deep breath he hadn’t known he was holding. Why did everyone always ask too many questions? His father, Vidar Kim, even a random tattoo artist, all wanting to pry into his life and pick him apart. What was wrong with keeping his thoughts to himself? Palpatine had never been one to share his emotions openly. For one, it usually earned him a beating if Father lurked anywhere nearby, because Father hated what he was, what he felt. Any emotion his son had was usually the wrong one. His brothers and sisters, if they pried, only did it to report back to Father, to curry favor with him, so he had long ago learned to ignore their seemingly innocent questions. Vidar Kim, surprisingly, never berated him for his thoughts, only hummed and nodded and stroked his bearded chin, and it felt half like a supportive older brother and half like a scientist studying a lab specimen under glass. From his conversation with Father, evidently his mentor thought something was wrong with Palpatine, something that needed fixed. At least he maybe meant well. Palpatine growled softly, startling the nearest pedestrian, an old woman. He noticed and quickly pulled a charming smile to his thin lips. “Forgot something at the market,” he blushed with practiced ease, and she smiled back. All forgiven. The poor simpleton. There was nothing wrong with him, Palpatine thought as he turned onto the street that would eventually take him to the taxi station. He just… saw things differently. More clearly. More certainly. His dullard family refused to see it. Just like Cosinga would miss the significance of his earrings. The old man would never guess at the true meaning of the swirling patterns engraved in the studs. All he would see was his own boy flaunting tradition, once again. But the designs… Sith. Palpatine shivered. His exploits on the black market had led him years ago to the existence of a group most famous for their own rebellion. A group of Jedi, disdaining the artificial, weak ways of the Jedi Order and forming their own, greater power. It hadn’t taken long before Palpatine discovered Sith art, and instantly he knew what he loved. The sharp angles, powerful and unforgiving. The smooth curves, sinuous and sly. The perfect circle, unending strength. What secret message would be better to adorn his open rebellion against his father? It turned out that Cosinga was less observant than Palpatine had realized. His father simply didn’t deign to look closely enough at his son to see the silvery flash in the right ear, half covered by curly red hair, and Palpatine wasn’t vain enough or eager enough to blatantly point it out. Three weeks passed, and Palpatine found himself sitting in an empty waiting room of the Theed Palace, waiting for his father to finish his audience with the sitting Governor of Theed. Incidentally, she was Cosinga’s mistress as well and sister to the conservative frontrunner for the monarchial election. Palpatine hated waiting when he knew full well why. He tugged absently at the piercing; it itched as it was finishing the healing process, just a little, and then he nearly jumped out of his own skin when a soft chuckle crossed the room from the door. Palpatine looked up; Ars Veruna stood in the doorway, his solid body blocking most of the sunlight filtering through, white teeth shining through the borders of a thick-growing beard. “Having trouble, there?” Veruna asked, and his sly smile reminded Palpatine of the swamp shaupauts, greedy and always hungry. Palpatine knew Veruna was no member of the government, not officially, but he also knew Veruna was Bon Tapalo’s chief advisor, and the nobleman was considering a run for election in the next royal race. Veruna used his influence to wander the palace halls like he belonged there. Palpatine grimaced. More likely, he was looking for his next hapless victim. Palpatine forced the grimace into a distant, polite smile. “Not at all, sir. I’m just waiting for my father.” “He’s not here with you?” Veruna flicked his beady, close set eyes around the room, gauging it, then slipped fully inside. He moved gracefully for a man with an early middle paunch. Too much wine, perhaps? Debauchery, certainly. Palpatine felt his upper lip curl in disgust. “He’s speaking with the Governor, actually.” “Oh,” Veruna smiled, pleased. “I’ve been meaning to apologize, my boy, Sheev, can I call you that?” Before Palpatine could tell him most certainly not, Veruna steamrolled on. “Sheev, I think perhaps I’ve been too hasty trying to win your affection.” Palpatine tensed. Usually, Ars Veruna was not so bold as this until he was whispering in someone’s ear. “I am a minor, sir, and you know my father would not be pleased to see you here.” “He hates me, I know,” Veruna waved it off. “Two years ago, I came on too strong. You were still very young. But you’re changing now, Sheev, becoming a young man. Why, even your voice is dropping.” Palpatine looked at the opposite door; rarely did he want to see his own father, but now became one of those times. “You shouldn’t be here.” Veruna took several steps toward him. “It’s beautiful.” Startled, Palpatine looked back at him. “What?” Veruna pointed and chuckled. “Your piercing. It’s beautiful. It makes you look even more wild and alluring than you normally are, Sheev.” Veruna lowered his voice. “And normally I want you so bad it hurts, boy.” Palpatine fought a horrified, natural blush. Veruna grinned. He reached the young noble’s chair and sank to one knee in front of it. Palpatine shrank back in his seat, but Veruna only looked at him, eyes hungrily feasting on the new adornment. Then a large hand was reaching out and gently brushing the red hair back, tucking it behind the ear to expose the three studs. Palpatine froze, a tooke caught between the claws of a veermok. Get away from me. The darkness curled at the back of his mind. No, not here, he couldn’t let it out here. They couldn’t know, yet. Not yet, the small voice hissed in his veins, fire to strangle this monster in front of him. “Easy, boy,” Veruna purred. “I only want to see you. So perfect. It suits you.” His hand moved lower, thumb rubbing the slender pale throat until Palpatine trembled with anger and fear. Veruna was a large man, an important man. Thinking fast, he dared a quick smile back at Veruna, and the older man was so stunned that Palpatine used the moment to wriggle between him and the chair, sliding out and pivoting to keep his back to the cold stone wall as he inched toward the exit. “You saw it, sir, I have to go now.” Veruna stood and followed him. “Why such a hurry? I happen to know your father loves talking to the Governor. Anyone would. She’s a beautiful woman.” Palpatine tensed when his back brushed the marble wall and Veruna stepped closer. Did Veruna suspect the truth? “They don’t get along nearly as well as you might think,” he lied casually. The older Naboo chuckled. “Maybe not. But I think you and I could make up for that. I think we could get along just fine. How is your work coming along in the service program, Sheev? Maybe I could help out.” In exchange for what? Palpatine shivered and realized it was a mistake the moment Veruna noticed. “Don’t be frightened,” Veruna whispered. “Gods, you’re so beautiful, boy. So thin and fragile like a baby bird…” he looked around the room, then reached out again and curled his fingers through the soft red hair. “I want to take you home, boy.” The far door slammed open just as Veruna was leaning in, and Palpatine gasped in relief when he spotted Cosinga’s aristocratic features narrowing in suspicious rage. “What’s going on here?!” Father… Veruna jerked upright and spun to face the taller man. His beady eyes widened. “Cosinga, my friend, here you are!” The elder Palpatine, no friend at all, stalked forward, chin drawing in and down as though he meant to gore Veruna to the wall with his piercing gaze. “Veruna, what business do you have with my son?” Unspoken: Speak quickly, or you are going to suffer. Palpatine knew that tone; how strange it was to hear it directed at someone else while he was still in the room. The political advisor swallowed nervously; though Cosinga weighed less, he had more height and muscle. Any physical altercation would end badly for Veruna. “I noticed your son pulling at his ear as though he had an earache, I was only concerned for his health. Imagine how surprised I was to find this.” He gestured toward the youth. Cosinga glared, but the moment his eyes flicked over Palpatine, they widened. Palpatine struggled to hold his gaze steady. You’re not in control of me, Father. Cosinga looked back at the grinning Veruna and his scowl grew deeper. “If you will excuse us, my son and I have business elsewhere. I appreciate you keeping your distance, Veruna, if you know what I mean.” Veruna nodded slowly, but as Cosinga turned to leave and beckoned Palpatine to follow, the teenager saw the bearded man wink at him and slowly lick his lips. Palpatine doubled his pace to keep up with his father as they strode through the palace. Cosinga’s anger was palpable, raw, barely held in restraint. He practically shoved Palpatine into the airspeeder once outside, and only until they were flying over the plains back toward Convergence did he dare to let himself speak. “You little fool.” Palpatine rankled at the loathing in his father’s voice, but stayed silent. It was a wise decision. “You’ve acted up before, but this…” Cosinga sputtered. “Getting a piercing, Sheev, this isn’t done!” “Lots of people wear piercings,” Palpatine muttered, and only half managed to dodge the poorly aimed cuff at his head. Cosinga was still focused on driving, but the blow caught him on his freshly healed ear. It hurt. “That makes no difference. You live on Naboo, Sheev. You’re the heir of a Noble House. On Naboo, piercings are for rebellious fools or whores, and my son will be neither! I saw the way Veruna was looking at you, I’m not stupid. I know what that man wants from you, and you foolishly play into his hands by defying me.” Palpatine bit his lip. That stung too close to the truth, though he would never admit it. Veruna had simply been bad timing. Unexpected, unwanted. He hoped Father knew that somehow. Cosinga sighed, some of his anger spent in his rant and the appeasing motion of the speeder floating over the high grasses. It was something they both shared, a love of the weightless joy of flying. “I can’t always protect you, Sheev. If I had not arrived when I did….” ...I would have a whore of a son. Palpatine could feel the disappointment and embarrassed rage simmering under his father’s surface. He found it hard to care. Father didn’t actually care about him. He only cared about the scandal such a thing would cause. He tilted his chin up in defiance. “I could have protected myself.” “It looked like it,” Cosinga scoffed. “Once we get home, you are taking those piercings off. Then we’re getting the medical droids to fix you, and you won’t be trying this madness again, do you hear me?” Palpatine frowned. “Change is coming to this world, Father, you know it is. Piercings are just a symptom. The old ways are on the way out. Eventually you’ll have to face the truth.” Cosinga turned cold, terrible eyes on him. “You’ll face my truth, Sheev, before I face yours. And you won’t like it.” He was correct. Notes: 1. Dedicated to the wonderful LadySidious and her delightful snippets on the life of Palpatine and Company, especially his early years. I always enjoy seeing a translated version of her works pop up on the lists. :) Make sure you check her stuff out! Merry Christmas, LadySidious! 2. Headcanon: Palpatine often had to put up with his father’s shenanigans with his mistress, and somehow Palpatine found it in his heart not to tell his weak mother because he knows it would have completely broken her spirit, what little was left. 3. Headcanon: Poor Palpatine, already navigating multiple layers of politics and intrigue when he was still so young. Naboo kids grow up before their time, especially him. 4. Legends+headcanon: Palpatine was a lot more impulsive in his youth, and therefore some of his brilliant schemes didn't always work out the best. But at least he learned from his mistakes. 5. Master/Apprentice ‘verse: Veruna is a creepy, creepy guy who shows up now and then and masquerades under a friendly exterior. 6. Many months ago, I found out from my friend DarthRuinous that in the EU, Palps was collecting Sith artifacts and such long before he met Darth Plagueis, so I thought he might use his knowledge now and then. Chapter 3 : Exiled from Paradise Summary: For Ashangel101010: Sate Pestage gets himself into an awkward situation, but can't quite bring himself to leave. Notes: Merry Christmas, Ashangel101010! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Sate Pestage liked evenings. He found them relaxing, quiet, and soothing. Most evenings, that is. Oh, this one was quiet enough, but he found nothing relaxing about it. He clutched his datapad tightly in one hand and tried to focus on the streams of numbers and dates, the assassinations he was supposed to be organizing, the mundane meetings for Palpatine the next morning. Speaking of whom, his tormentor chose that moment to glance up. “Sate, if you don’t desist that constant scratching about on your chair, I’m going to go mad. I doubt you want to see that.” Can’t argue that. Sate jerked his fingernails away from the chair’s arm, where he had been beating out a steady rhythm of nervous excitement. Palpatine looked at him, his threatening words betrayed by a softer amusement in his pale eyes. “You should find something that relaxes you.” “I just want to see the results of the latest poll, then I can relax.” Sate knew many things relaxed him. Seeing Sheev Palpatine, languidly draped over an over-stuffed chair and wearing a crimson shimmersilk evening robe and slippers… that was not relaxing. The young senator held an old fashioned tome in his slender hands, graceful long fingers wrapped lovingly over the spine. The softly crackling fireplace in the background didn’t help, or the Naboo snowfall drifting past the window. Neither did the v-shaped length of porcelain flesh that started at Palpatine’s neck and dipped low between the folds of the robe, exposing a delicate collarbone and a hint of firm muscle. Sate shifted in his chair again and hoped the sound might escape unnoticed. Palpatine sighed quietly, closing the book on two of his fingers and fixing his attention on Sate. So much for hope… “Sate, the poll will show us exactly what we’re expecting. There’s no need for alarm.” Every alarm in his head blared even as he nodded and watched Palpatine return to his reading. Sate old boy, this was a bad idea, coming to his apartment just to analyze the latest poll results back on Coruscant. He gave you the night off, and you should’ve taken it. You’ve really put your foot in it. Only a few months after the devastation of the Gran assassination plot, Palpatine had returned to Naboo to take part in the planet’s winter festivals as the new Senator. Quickly growing in popularity, he spent most of the days wining and dining with Naboo’s most influential residents, but at night he retreated to his small apartment on the north bank of the Solleu River. Often he took his assistant with him, and together they would plan the next day’s schedule. Though Sate was grateful to be included so much, it made the longing deep in his chest more difficult to simply ignore. Not when Palpatine’s lithe body sat next to him at the small dining table, bent with concentration over a datapad of Senate regulations, pale eyes swiftly passing over the walls of words and comprehending more than Sate could ever imagine. Not when the young newly-revealed Sith sat across from him in the living room, lit by the flickering light of open flame. Sate had never noticed the effects of a fire’s shadows on handsome skin before. It was very… distracting. Sate coughed to hide his discomfort. To be truthful, which he rarely was, sitting next to Palpatine was sitting next to a well-fed nexu. You never knew when the creature might turn you into a snack. He was Sith. Even now, the thought sent shivers down Sate’s spine. Sith. Ancient Order, thought extinct, now living and breathing in glorious color, in pale white and captivating red. When they met, Sate suspected more depth to the youthful Naboo than he openly displayed, and now… Now there were no more secrets between them. Well, except one Sate held close to his heart and tightly sealed. If Sate thought he had no hope before to win Palpatine’s affections, there was certainly nothing left of his dream now that he realized he wanted to court a Sith Lord. And fuck him too. Stop thinking about this, blast it! Find a distraction. Sate cleared his throat and glanced at the tome in Palpatine’s hands. “What are you reading?” The young Sith Lord glanced down at the leather binding and smiled. “It is old Sith epic poetry, written not long after the Sith broke away from the Jedi. Mostly fictionalized nonsense, of course, filled with the adventures of the protagonist, but an interesting perspective on the philosophical roots of Sith hatred for their misguided brothers in Light.” “Oh,” Sate said, because he wasn’t sure what else to say. Palpatine looked up at him, eyes narrowing in playful amusement, and Sate barely kept the shiver hidden when those pale eyes caught light of the yellow flames and danced before him. By all the mercies of the nine gods… let him die now. “See here, listen to this,” the young Senator smirked, flipping the book open to where his slender fingers lay against the markings. “A rogue Jedi rebelled against the Jedi Order and brought civil war upon the galaxy thousands of years ago, which led to the creation of my order.” His eyes flickered over Sate. “Unfortunately, they struck too soon and lost the struggle, being forced to leave the reaches of known space. The story begins when the first Sith Lord has just arrived on the chosen planet of exile, a bitter place and harsh, filled with desolate red sands and rocky peaks.” Sate tried to focus on the words and not on the way those delicate fingers caressed the pages like a lover’s flesh. Palpatine sighed, and when he spoke again, his soft voice had dropped lower, becoming smoother and richer yet. “’Is this the region, this the soil, the heat,’ Said then the Dark Jedi and Lord of Sith, ‘this the seat That we must change for the Core, this mournful gloom For that celestial light?’” Sate could imagine that his companion had become the Dark Lord of old, how his voice trembled with the aching sense of loss and helpless rage… He clutched more tightly to the arms of his chair and listened spellbound. A hateful whisper now, a vengeance creeping in among the hissed syllables. “Be it so, since those Who now are sovereign can dispose and bid What shall be right: farthest from them is best Whom reason hath equaled, force hath made supreme Above his equals in that ancient order. Farewell happy fields Where joy forever dwells: Hail horrors, hail Infernal world, and thou profoundest hell Receive thy new Possessor: One who brings A mind not to be changed by place or time.” Palpatine paused, and the terrible defiance transformed to musing resignation, a bitter feral need to conquer yet though conquered. Sate forgot to breathe. He could see the young man standing on some desolate landscape, winds tearing at his tattered robes, beaten but not broken, thrashed and bloodied with gleaming eyes like some ancient warrior-king, half mad with thoughts of revenge. But he was speaking again… “The mind is its own place, and in itself Can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven. What matter where, if I be still the same, And what I should be, all but less than they Whom the Force hath made greater for a time? Here at least We shall be free; the Jedi have not built Here for their envy, will not drive us hence: Here we may reign secure, and in my choice To reign is worth ambition though in Hell: Better to reign in Hell, than serve in Heaven.” The fire crackled hungrily in its place, as if to underscore the dark words that dripped from the young Sith’s curled, disdainful lips. Sate looked at it almost fearfully, for the ancient reptile that still crawled in his human mind warned him of danger, of endless darkness. He stayed perfectly still. Palpatine looked up and smiled. “Do you agree?” Doing his best to ignore the flash of white, slightly crooked teeth, Sate nodded. “I do…” he croaked, and tried again. “I do.” The Naboo stretched one arm loosely over his chair, and the pale strip of flesh caught Sate’s eyes and refused to release him from a sudden tightness in his pants. Thank the fates Palpatine did not seem to notice this new agony. He merely leaned back and propped his chin in his hand. “I do as well. One must make their own path in life, no matter how difficult. The greater the challenges, the greater will be our glory, Sate.” Sate nodded. He did not trust himself to speak. Palpatine looked back down at the book, thumbed a few more pages forward and offered a whimsical smile. “Yet not all hope was lost for those ancient Dark Jedi, exiled from their homes. They always dreamed of the return, the revenge….” “I give not the galaxy for lost. From this descent Virtues rising, will appear, and we More glorious and more dread than from no fall, We can trust ourselves to fear no second fate: With this advantage then To union, and firm faith, and firm accord, More than can be in the Jedi Order, we may soon return To claim our just inheritance of old, Surer to prosper than prosperity Could have assured us; and by what best way Whether of open war or covert guile?” Sate shivered when Palpatine’s tongue curled around the last word, as though the young Sith Lord could taste the delicious malevolence of the promised destruction. Sate imagined that purring mouth pressed against him, teasing out exquisite surrender. How could a single voice inspire such desperate longing in him? How could Palpatine inspire him to slide out of his chair and crawl to his side and beg his master for sweet relief from such torture? The assassin bit the inside of his mouth, and the blood steadied his fluttering pulse. “Isn’t it?” Sate jerked his eyes up the slender body, glad for the shadows in the room that hid a deep flush on his cheeks. “What?” Palpatine sighed. “Is it so boring to leave you dreaming, Sate?” It was not boring enough, Sate wanted to tell him. Of course, he couldn’t admit that, because then Palpatine would want to know why, and he must never know why. I want to slide those robes from your shoulders and follow you into this abyss you claim for yourself. I want to ravish you until you can’t even remember your own name, let alone the Order of the Sith. No, that wouldn’t do at all. A servant telling a master that… impossible. Palpatine cleared his throat. Sate shook the thoughts away with effort. “I was just thinking about the Sith.” A pause. He looked down. “How they have always used guile to get their way. How brute force, it doesn’t always work, but guile does.” “Indeed?” Palpatine’s eyes glittered. Sate nodded. “Ah, but you are an assassin, Sate, of course you understand.” Palpatine closed the book with finality and leaned back in his chair. “Guile is the way of the true Sith. Nothing wreaks so much havoc as the slow, insidious erosion of an enemy’s will and ability to fight. Remember that in the years to come, and we will have much to entertain us, my friend.” Sate looked at him, so young and confident and powerful. Truly, the Jedi Order could not conceive of the return of the Sith, not like this, smiling and seductive like the night that cloaked the spaces between the stars. Notes: 1. Dedicated to the awesome Ashangel101010, with whom I greatly enjoy the comments and role-playing that we get up to. Never a boring moment! :D Merry Christmas, Ashangel101010! 2. Poor Sate, looks like someone is out for some assistant-torturing-entertainment. xD 3. I changed a few of the words in the snippets of Paradise Lost to match the Star Wars universe a little better. It was fun! :D 4. I want Palpatine to read it to me on a cold night with a roaring fireplace. Sate has all – and none – of the luck. xD Chapter 4 : Happy Life Day, Senator! Summary: Kinman Doriana decides to surprise the new senator Palpatine with a life day celebration. The aftereffects are something perhaps no one foresees. Poor Sate. Notes: Dedicated to Cinnamon_Girl! Merry Christmas! Have a crack fic! xD (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Sate Pestage never screamed, not even when his life was on the line. The perfect assassin. Cold, unfeeling, definitely not beset with a hopeless crush who just happened to be his new boss. Not Sate Pestage, son of an ancestry that would make the greatest dark guilds proud. Consequently, when he woke up to find Kinman Doriana’s handsome face centimeters from his own, he held in a startled bellow and only jerked back. The problem: no more bed. He tumbled onto the hard, thinly carpeted floor. As his mind slowly processed the pain, as his limbs sluggishly struggled loose of a tangle of tan sheets and a thin blanket, he noticed a bigger problem: A bed? He paused, blinking up at generic ceiling tiles that stretched out of sight, some of them stained and mottled with small dead and dying insects in the dimmed light fixtures. Kinman’s large hand hung over the side of the bed, fingers twitching intermittently. The primal warning in the back of his mind finally arrived front and center, and he realized the biggest problem yet: Kinman Doriana and him in a bed, together??? Sate scowled as he sat up, gingerly touching the small welt on the edge of his temple where the carpet had burned a thin line. “Kriffing idiot,” he growled. What had Doriana done now? What prank could possibly begin to explain this, and the pounding headache that just now announced its presence with a vengeance? A quick glance over himself: Sate squawked in horror and grabbed for the sheets that he had just finished unwinding. Every stitch of his robes were gone! He had been naked in bed with Kinman Doriana, and he didn’t dare look up to see if the Naboo resided in the same state. A fate too horrible to contemplate…. Instead, he frantically bundled the sheets up around his waist, tearing them loose from the end of the bed, and he heard Doriana mumbling in protest up overhead. Stupid stupid Naboo…. As quietly as he could, Sate turned himself over and crawled out from between the bed and the wall until he managed to straighten up at the foot of the bed and look around. The room – a hotel room by the looks of it – possessed two medium beds for humanoids, a low drinks counter, a heating device, a Holonet screen, and a desk and rolling chair. Sate studied the furniture, which was clean but worn. Clearly, they hadn’t stayed in one of the upper level hotels. He inched over to the sooty window by the second bed and pulled back the brown curtains, ignoring a stoned hiss of protest from his erstwhile bedmate. “It’s your fault,” he snapped without turning around. Somehow, it was Doriana’s fault. It always was. Doriana groaned back, still more than half asleep. Sate peered through the window, the gears in his mind grinding slowly into action, struggling to recall the events of the night before. Where was his damned blaster? His daggers? His poison? His clothes?? The night before, they had been…. What…? The view outside the bleary window showed only an endless wall of other windows and walls. The angle and brightness of the light told Sate that morning had dawned, and they were likely on one of the mid-levels of Coruscant. He did not recognize the hotel here, or the wall of bland windows across the way. He stepped closer and looked down. Far below, perhaps thirty stories, he could see a series of pedestrian walkways and speeder landings. Something jiggled his memory, one of the signs, bright but unreadable from this distance. Last night… they had been attempting to celebrate Palpatine’s life day. Oh. Damn. Kinman Doriana found out that Palpatine’s life day happened only a week after the big vote for Felucia and the other planets, and the young Naboo demanded that something be done to celebrate. Palpatine barely had time to resist before both he and Sate had been “surprised” by an exuberant Doriana, bustled into “clubbing clothes” – Doriana insisted on their necessity, also a “good disguise” – and bundled out of the elegant apartment into a rented speeder and guided far below into the depths of Coruscant’s mid-levels. Sate could remember flashing lights, throbbing music, staring at Palpatine’s tight ass in deliciously tight “clubbing” pants (had Doriana done that on purpose?) when a beautiful Togruta woman pulled the nobleman onto the strobe-lit dance floor. He remembered throwing back drink after drink when the women continued to file past and demand an audience with his senator. He froze. He remembered going deeper, leaving behind the club and descending to a lower level yet. “How did you find this?” he slurred at Doriana, and then they were in, and a Twi’lek walked by in less clothing than the foot-high species of sentient rats in the city of Daplona wore in three weeks’ time. Sate nearly turned and walked out, but his drunken state rendered such a graceful move impossible, and instead he and Palpatine and Doriana ended up in a strip club. A strip club! Oh Force! Oh kriff! Sate dropped onto the edge of the unoccupied bed and buried his face in his hands. He allowed the Senator of Naboo to enter a strip club. Unvetted, unchecked, and completely inappropriate even if every other Senator partook in similar vices. What kind of an adjutant was he? Palpatine didn’t approve of such things, he knew that too. What had he been thinking, letting Doriana get them into trouble like this? Why couldn’t he remember what happened after that? Everything phased out of memory right after he recalled Doriana trying to give a male Theelin dancer a fully clothed lap dance. Sate groaned and clutched his head. Why of all things, was he able to remember that and not the rest? He glanced through his thin fingers at Doriana in the next bed over, and all the questions died in his throat to be replaced with sheer horror. Doriana, tangled in the sheets, was dressed, yes, but Sate found little comfort in the fact. His eyes landed first on the four-inch, bright silver heels strapped tightly to Doriana’s large feet. They… they glittered. He recoiled in disgust, but it was like looking at a mag-lev train wreck, he couldn’t peel his eyes away. A bent, ornate, and feathery Twi’lek’s headdress lay at the head of the bed in the same matching glittery silver color, and Doriana wore a series of buckles, strips, and fishnets that made a complete dancer’s outfit. A stripper’s outfit. It fit him surprisingly well. Sate choked. “Force kill me now,” he moaned and dragged his eyes away. This was not what he wanted to see in the morning. Any morning. Any time of day, or year, or century. Now if that were Palpatine lying there instead… He told his mind to shut up, and then froze. Palpatine… Where was Palpatine?! A quick, professional scan around the room told him that the quiet senator was nowhere to be found. Sate fought the rising panic and felt desperately for his comlink until he realized that without his clothes, he had no idea where it was either. He wheeled on the head of the bed and spotted Doriana’s comlink sitting on the tableside dresser. Inching his way over to the dresser, Sate swept it up in one hand, keeping the other tightly pinned over his sheets, and flipped to the calendar and time. His jaw dropped slightly. Over twenty four hours had passed since Doriana shuffled them out of Palpatine’s apartment. A full, standard day, unaccounted for. And a night… He looked more closely at the calendar and gasped. A small notice for a Senate meeting, sent yesterday. Palpatine’s presence required since he was part of the sub-committee. Which meant… they had less than four hours to find their missing politician. Sate shuddered. He needed to find Palpatine immediately. He stood too quickly, the room spun and he landed back on the bed with a puff of frustrated air and the squeak of protesting springs. He never drank this much, unless he was safe in his own apartment and indulging in self-pity. Doriana was going to pay for this so, so much. The scuffle woke Doriana at last, and the Naboo lifted his head and blinked over at him. “….Sate?” he asked, dry and gravelly. “Wowwww…. My head hurts….” “Of course it hurts!” Sate snapped back. “You drank too much, and you lost Palpatine. Your head is going to keep hurting if I have anything to say about it.” Doriana ignored his threats as usual and sank onto his back in the soft bed. Sate studiously avoided looking at the silver thong that barely fit the other man. “Aw man,” Doriana muttered. “I can’t even remember most of it, and I bet it was amazing….” “Amazing?” Sate sputtered. Well, Palpatine’s ass in those pants was amazing, yes, and would have been even more amazing out of them, did it happen, and why was I unconscious if it did, and I must still be seriously drunk if I'm thinking like this, but – “Would you grow up?” “Where’s the fun in that?” Doriana sat up cautiously and groaned. “Best life day celebration ever. Naboo has nothing like this.” Sate suddenly liked frozen Naboo a lot more. He threw Doriana’s comlink at his head, and curse him, the Naboo managed to catch it even hungover. “We have to find the Senator, and quickly.” Doriana blinked. Looked down at himself. Grinned. “He can take care of himself. I really regret not remembering this. There’s gotta be an amazing story.” Then he looked at Sate. “You too?” “I am not dressed like a stripper,” Sate snarled. “Nah, just naked.” He wanted to scream. But assassins didn’t scream. They killed. He eyed Doriana’s throat, within easy reach of a dagger if he had one. But he didn’t. He was…well… naked. This was a rotten day, to say the least. “Will you get up, you lazy womp rat?” Doriana grinned. “Your boyfriend is intelligent and talented, Sate. I’m sure he’ll be fine. He’s probably already back home, getting ready for his day in the Senate.” “He is not my boyfriend!” “Yeah, he knows that, but do you?” Doriana dodged the pillow that flew his way. “Sorry! That was a little low, I admit. Look, I’ll comm him, okay?” Sate pushed himself off the edge of the bed. “You better. I’m getting washed up, and then I’m finding him.” “Naked?” Doriana called after him, and it took every bit of his self-discipline not to fire back a scathing retort. Sate gathered up his sheets and marched into the outer area of the refresher unit. He splashed water on his face and looked in the mirror. I look terrible. Not as terrible as Doriana will look if we can’t get Palpatine to his meeting on time. I will personally – Something scratched at the door to the inner refresher unit. Sate jerked up from leaning over the sink and stared. “Palpatine?” A low growl. He hoped that wasn’t Palpatine… “Palpatine, is that you?” He cautiously advanced on the door and laid one trembling palm against it. “Are you okay in there, Senator?” No answer. Sate swallowed and wondered what he might be risking if he opened the door. Was Palpatine even… decent? He struggled to block that image from his head and completely failed; his imagination appeared determined to undo his calm professionalism at the worst possible times. “I’m coming in, Palpatine!” No answer. Sate took a deep breath and palmed the door open. And screamed. A wild and wooly nexu grinned back at him, the huge feline’s body draped in and over the narrow bathtub, and then he really screamed. Because a completely relaxed and thankfully clothed Senator Palpatine lay in the bathtub also occupied by the nexu, his long and slender fingers stroking through the thick fur of its back, a mysterious half-smile playing on his thin lips and humming the refrain from a very familiar opera. Sate froze, horrified and horrifically turned on by the horizontally aligned senator. The nexu chose that moment to rise from the bathtub and growl a hideous warning at the intruder. The assassin recognized danger when it was coming, and he jerked back just in time to miss a swipe of a large, annoyed paw. He fled with a shout, leaving the encumbering sheets behind, desperate to draw its attention away from his senator. It was working too, because the nexu stumbled out of the fresher and landed in a crouch by the hotel door. Sate gulped. Blocked in. This was not good. He waved again and dashed for the beds. “Get out of here, Senator!” he shouted. “I’ll distract it!” Doriana sat up a little straighter when Sate leapt up beside him. Then he screamed too and launched to his feet, wrapping his arms around the smaller assassin. “Is that a… nexu!?” Sate shook him. “Yes, and he was about to eat Palpatine! We have to distract it so he can escape out the door!” The nexu paused on the landing and turned to lick its fur like a large, domesticated house feline, and Sate caught a glimpse of a bright gold collar. A…. collar? Doriana grinned. “That party was more intense than I planned, actually.” Sate looked all over for a blaster. “Do you have a weapon?” Doriana spread his arms, clad in fishnets, and wiggled an eyebrow. “Search me.” “Don’t be revolting!” “It’s quite all right.” Sate spun at the comforting baritone coming from the hall. Palpatine stood beside the nexu, stroking its head and smiling peacefully at his two assistants standing together on the bed. The nexu purred under his hand, its many eyes blinking sleepily, its teeth concealed at the moment. Sate felt the fear surge in his chest, clutching at his heart. “Palpatine, you need to get out of here quickly. We’ll hold it off.” Palpatine smiled at him. Sate’s heart stopped. Palpatine smiled at him. Then he realized. Palpatine was also drunk. Well, that explained everything. He had never seen the senator inebriated before. This was bad, so bad. Unbelievably bad. And then it got worse when he realized that he had left the sheets behind in the refresher. So, so, so bad. “I think I shall keep it,” Palpatine said after a long pause. The nexu purred louder. Was it… agreeing with him? Sate felt his response could only be considered completely lame. “Nexus don’t make good pets, sir.” Keep it formal. Keep it professional. Nothing to see here, except that he was terrified for his friend. “Nonsense. They are highly intelligent and very protective.” Was Palpatine purring now too? It was decadent, satisfied, so soft. Sate shuddered and repositioned himself slightly behind Doriana. Now was not the right time for this… terror and arousal never mixed well. For the first time, Palpatine’s pale blue eyes sharpened and focused. “Kinman? Why are you dressed like that?” Doriana chuckled weakly and struck a pose, nearly shoving Sate off the edge of the bed again. “Happy life day, Palpatine?” Palpatine blinked. “Not what I would have chosen for a gift.” Doriana beamed. “You’re a rare species, Palpatine.” Palpatine’s eyes glazed over to Sate, as though he were waking up. “You should really find some clothes, Sate.” Sate wanted to die, just keel over, maybe fall out the window if it weren’t break-proof. He managed a soft reply after working his jaw for several seconds. “I intend to, sir.” “Good.” Palpatine nodded, satisfied. He patted the nexu on the head and turned to leave the hotel room. As he stepped out, the nexu followed him, and someone screamed in mortal terror in the distance. Sate clutched Doriana a little harder until the younger man winced and protested. “Ow, Sate, lay off, will you?” “You’ll pay for this,” Sate swore. Finally he stepped away and off the bed, looking around the room for anything that might pass for clothing until he could find more. Palpatine poked his head around the edge of the door in that moment, sounding more alert with every passing moment. He pinned Sate in the middle of the floor with his gaze. “Are you two coming? I have a meeting in four hours, and I’m not going to be late.” Sate carefully moved his hands to a more strategic position. Down, boy. Down. Think of Doriana. Ah, that’s better. “Uhm… yes. Yes, we are. We’re right behind you.” Palpatine nodded and disappeared again. Sate squeezed his eyes shut, and when he opened them again, Doriana was striding by in all his appropriated glory, completely unconcerned by his state of affairs. Scarred for life, that’s what this was. At least the excitement was no longer an issue, having withered on the vine - so to speak - the moment he saw Doriana pass. “Get me clothes,” Sate called after him. And swore revenge for the fifteenth time on the travesty that was his friend, Kinman Doriana. Notes: 1. Dedicated to the marvelous Cinnamon Girl, whose art and poetic stories are simply amazing in the power of their imagery. Check out this stuff, seriously. 2. Heavily inspired by a comment made by Lightpoint, combined with a Space Mean Girls fic request from Cinnamon Girl. 3. Next year, they are having a much more traditional birthday party for Senator Palpatine. Sate will see to it himself. 4. Palpatine is totally one of those “was he, wasn’t he” people when it comes to being drunk. 5. Whatever might have happened in those twenty-four hours? No one knows, except maybe Palpatine, and he isn’t talking. Intense stuff, though. xD Works inspired by this one: Star Wars Podfic Master List by Lightpoint