In the Heat of the Moment He was the emperor, the alpha, powerful in the most desirable ways. A beast barely contained within the skin of a man. You were his loyal Knight; strong in your own right you would give your life to protect his. The emperor, although rarely displaying it, had a great respect and admiration for you, as you had stuck by him during the most trying times. What he didn’t know was that you were an omega, because of your biology you were technically not allowed to serve under the Emperor in this way. You suppressed this part of yourself; you didn’t want your nature to hold you back. On the other hand Kylo did nothing to suppress his nature, as it gave him strength and suppressants took it away. The downside of course was that he didn’t have a mate, although he could find omegas during a rut, none could truly satisfy him in the way that he needed. Most of the time he just toughed it out alone, but the pain of it made him vulnerable. In those times you kept careful watch of the door to his chambers, using fragrant oils to mask you scent and his so that it wouldn’t affect you. His ruts were getting longer, bit-by-bit until they seemed to last days on end. It hurt you greatly to the sounds he made, of anguish and sorrow, but you obeyed his command in the end. Finally after what seemed like forever he emerged from his room, with dark circles, an unshaven face, and tangled locks. He just looked so tired, and sad. You didn’t know but Kylo was beginning to go mad with loneliness, he couldn’t stop thinking obsessing over having a mate, an Empress, and it hurt so much because he believed that he would always be alone. Everyone was already mated, and there was no one left for him. “Knight L/N, you must be tired, go rest. You are relieved of your duties,” He orders. “Emperor Ren, forgive me, but if I may speak openly I think that I must stay, you’re still vulnerable. When’s the last time you’ve even eaten?” You voice your concern, too worried to think about the consequences of your words. Kylo pinches the bridge of his nose and sighs. “If you wish, but still you must rest, at least sit and eat dinner with me,” He offers, wanting the company, it would help him forget about the pain. You don’t know what to say, you don’t want to refuse the Emperor, but you could tell that his chambers were still saturated with the scent of his rut. It could be too strong to handle. This wasn’t an issue with other Alpha’s, but as always Kylo was a special case. But your sense of loyalty was too strong, you couldn’t refuse the Emperor, you respected him too much. So you nod, and follow him through the doorway. It hits you in the face, the pheromones of an Alpha. The room reeks of desire. You try and take a deep breath to slow your fluttering heart, but that only makes it worse. A shiver moves down your spine, no suppressant could stop his scent from triggering your heat. Kylo notices this, the way you squirm, your sudden change in scent. That primal part of him reawakens, and his mind screams ‘Mate’, consuming every thought. He needed you, you’re scent was intoxicating; he wanted to claim you and take you right against the wall. “Actually, I’m sorry, I really have to go. I’m suddenly feeling ill,” You stutter out, trying to get out of this. The way that he was looking at you made you nervous. “Stay, you’re my mate, stay,” He says simply, chest heaving in effort from holding himself back, low growls escaping periodically. You look at him in bewilderment, you weren’t good enough to be his mate, and you were just a knight. “Please, you’re mine Y/N, I know you’re mine. Either stay or leave and never return,” He presents you with a difficult decision. You close your eyes for a moment, trying to clear your mind from the fog of your arousal to make a proper decision. Once again, you couldn’t leave him, although it made you anxious you wanted to please him, you cared for him so deeply all in all. “Okay Emperor Ren,” You whisper meekly. In an instant Kylo throws you over his shoulder, placing you unto his unmade bed. He’s laughing while doing so, filled with joy, it didn’t matter that you had defied his rules and he wished that he had known sooner. “You will call me Kylo from now on, my empress,” He says against your lips, before kissing you with all of the passion he had, pressing his hardness flush against you. You get lost in it all, melding with this man in such a way that you become one that evening. Once the loyal Knight you would now be the ever important Empress, and Kylo worshipped the ground that you walked on. Chapter 2 : Under the Mistletoe Summary: You finally learn the name of the handsome stranger who you see all the time, Kylo Ren. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Lonely. That’s what it was. He was lonely. How had it taken him so long to realize this? How long had he let his work completely consume him? Kylo sat hunched over on his desk, hands buried in his dark mane. He wanted to scream. Usually he wouldn’t hold back, often having no regard for what others thought of him. But now he realized that it would only make things worse, making people more afraid of him then they already where, which is what was causing his dilemma in the first place. It was if he had just noticed every single romantic interaction around him all at once, and it was overwhelming. Normally he didn’t pay attention to those around him, they were noisy and annoying, he saw others as a distraction to his focus. Of course this all changed once he met you. You opened his eyes, as if for the first time he was truly seeing the world around him, and it hurt, it fucking hurt so much. You had only talked to him a few times; you went to the same coffee shop that he frequented. One time you smiled at him, which is what initially peaked his interest. It was so bright it blinded him, the sound of your voice deafened him, and his skin burned at the brief brush of your hand against his gloved one. He stayed longer at the café, so that he could admire your presence better. Kylo Ren was crushing hardcore on you, and you didn’t even know his name. This was the source of his heartache, he wanted you badly, wanted to possess you, spoil you and make you his. But he was a monster, and you were so pure, innocent, to good for him. Yet he couldn’t dispel his feelings, he had tried to forget you in his work only to feel a sudden rush of emotions whenever he saw anyone interact in a remotely cordial way. And the looks of fear that his employees would give him only worsened his insecurities; it normally would make him feel powerful, but now it made him worry that he might make you look at him like that. To you, Kylo Ren was the mysterious tall dark stranger that you had a slight crush on, that handsome familiar face that you enjoyed seeing you. Hearing his deep baritone voice, it made you completely flustered, but you didn’t think that there was mutual interest. He was someone important, and you were just you, so you didn’t want to risk his rejection. What the two of you didn’t know was that the coffee shop owner, Phasma, was rooting for the two of you. She saw how much the two of you pined over each other, Kylo almost defrosting after seeing you. She was getting pretty frustrated, you two were impossible, and so she formulated a plan. It was a particularly cold morning, and you were just about to get some coffee before work. You opened the door only to walk straight into a wall, well not exactly a wall but it sure felt like one. “Are you okay?” The familiar voice asks. You look up to meet Kylo’s captivating eyes that are filled with concern. Your face turns red and you nod quickly, trying to hide your face. Out of nowhere a blond haired women runs over and places her hands on you two, keeping you close together. “Lucky customers! See this right here?” She directs your eyes to the mistletoe that hangs over your heads, “You know what the tradition is, and kiss and I’ll give you both a free drink of your choice!” She explains. You look at the man in front of you, he looks confused but you don’t miss his tongue dart out to wet his lips. It was pretty weird, but hey you wanted to kiss this man and you wanted that free coffee. “Can I kiss you?” You ask. Kylo’s a bit shocked, the sweetness in your question taking him by surprise. Maybe you were interested, of course he said yes. You stood up on your toes to reach this giant, placing a hand on his shoulder for balance. He wrapped an arm around you waist, which made your heart beat faster, you could feel his muscles, his strength, and it made you feel secure. You closed your eyes and leaned into the kiss, it was very soft, with Kylo holding himself back. You lingered, not wanting it to end. Your eyes snapped open to meet Kylo’s warm gaze, it made you want to kiss him again. Everyone began cheering around you, and again roses bloomed in your cheeks. Kylo grinned. You were so cute. Phasma came over to take your orders, and even though Kylo had just had a coffee, you invited him to sit with you and he couldn’t refuse. “So umm I know this is sudden but I’ve liked you for a while now,” You trail off losing your confidence. Kylo grabs your hand. “Y/N, I like you too,” He says warmly. “I’m Kylo by the way,” He continues. “Kylo, it’s nice to finally know your name, I can’t believe you already know mine,” You reply. “Are you free for dinner tonight?” He asks, excited by hearing you say his same. You nod vigorously, a smiling filling your face. This little coffee shop might’ve become your new favorite place, the place where you met Kylo Ren. And he was just as happy as you, now he understood why people called it the most wonderful time of the year. Notes: If you ever want to read more one shots and more of my writing, I have a lot of other things written already. In addition, I have finals coming up so if I don't post as frequently that's probably why. Chapter 3 : In the Heat of the Moment Part II Summary: Pretty much pure smut, heed the tags. Kylo kissed you fervently, lips burning you with the heat behind them. His hands tore the fabric from your uniform, desperately groping your bare flesh. You work at his clothing, with difficulty as your shaking hands can barely still for a moment to undo the buttons. His scent had saturated your senses, leaving you breathless. “Relax little one, let me take care of you tonight,” Kylo commands, placing your wrists above your head. He quickly undresses, while continuing to pin your wrists down. You can’t help but wriggle underneath him, seeking friction, you’re nerves were on fire and you needed relief. Finally undressed he directs his attention back to your body, releasing your hand to move it to your breasts. The rough pad of his thumb brushed against your nipple, you cry out, arching up into his touch. Usually the Emperor would wear gloves, preferring the feel of leather to contact. But the way that you’re skin felt, so soft and warm just under his fingertips, maybe he would never put gloves on again. “So perfect, perfect little mate. You’re mine, omega, all mine,” Kylo praises while nuzzling the crook of your neck, sloppily placing his tongue over the spot where he would claim you. “Oh Kylo,” You moan, he growls in response. The sound of your voice saying his name brought him great pleasure; unlike when you called him Emperor this felt right and it spoke directly to the alpha in him. His sweet mate, the omega that was in front of him all along, devoting your life to protect him, it made his heart wrench. He should be the one protecting you, standing behind you, the face of his people. You spread your hands over his chest, run your fingers through the small dustings of hair, and squeeze some of his flexing muscles. He was thick, from years of battle and exercise, built like an absolute fucking beast. He sounded like one too, with all of the growling and grunting noises coming from his mouth; you never imagined that the Emperor could be like this before you, surrendering himself to his desire. A hand that was previously grasping at your thigh moves to cup the side of your face; he kisses you deeply, with his tongue running over every corner of your mouth, nipping at your bottom lip. He’s savoring it, even though he just wants to knot you and fill you with endless streams of seed, he holds himself back. Over the years he was forced to learn self-control, finally he was able to put it into practice, he wanted this to be a night to remember. Your heat becomes too much and you begin grinding against Kylo’s clothed erection. He snarled at this, stopping your writhing with a strong hand. You were going to ruin his control, moving like that. “Is this what you want little one?” He questions darkly, roughly rubbing the flat of his palm over your pussy. You bite your fist in your mouth, trying to muffle your cries. “Don’t do that Y/N, I want to hear you,” He chastises, grabbing your hand to trace it over the shape of his bulge. “This is what you’ve done to me little one, just the scent of you drives me mad,” He continues, then deeply inhaling against the skin of your neck, you were ripe for the claiming. His hand that was palming your pussy slips between your folds to swirl your fluids and gather it between his fingers. He doesn’t let you close your moaning mouth, filling them with his fingers coated in your slick. You suck and lick at them, tasting yourself and him; you wished that it were his cock. Filling the cavern of your mouth, pulsing and leaking precum. “Good girl,” He praised you again with a low voice coming deep from his chest. You were so responsive, throbbing with desire; you just wanted him to fuck you already. You were aching with the need to be filled. As if he can hear your thoughts Kylo twists his fingers inside of you, preparing your opening for the size of his swollen cock. “Kylo please, I need your to fuck me,” You whine, this earns another growl from Kylo, your desperation completely undoing him. His control lost to the beast. He tears off his own underwear, his cock springing free from its tight confinement. Without warning, he enters you, stretching your walls and almost reaching your cervix. “That’s it little one, take it, take it all,” He coaxes, smiling approvingly down at the sight of you swallowing his length. He barely lets you breathe before pulling out completely, only to slide back into you with great strength. You almost came right then, eyes squeezing shut in pleasure. The warm feeling in your abdomen began to grow. Kylo is lost in the warmth of your cunt, it’s taking all of his strength just to keep a steady pace, wanting to just stay still and feel your walls clench around him. He would do that later for sure, but for now he continued to fuck you, loving the way that you lifted your hips up to meet his own. “Such a tight little cunt, perfectly surrounding my cock,” He coos. “Open your eyes, I want you to watch my cock go fuck you, burn it into your memory,” He demands, tracing your lips. You open your eyes to see his dark ones looking at you heatedly, he tilts you chin and lifts up your hips so you can watch as his hips rut into you. Your mesmerized by the way that the muscles of his thighs tense, the sight of his slick coated cock, unable to take it you throw you head back unto the pillow and cum, your walls contracting around him. But he doesn’t stop, and it seems like he’s moving faster now, mercilessly fucking you. He settles more oh his weight atop of you, one arm keeping you flush against his chest, the other forearm above your head supporting his weight. His mouth attacks the side of your neck, leaving many marks behind. You can feel your next orgasm rapidly building. “Mine! You’re fucking mine, my omega, my mate,” He roars, continuing to chant mine before claiming you, teeth clamping over your bonding gland. This makes you cum again, and as your walls tighten you can feel his knot swell inside of you. “I’m going to fill you with my heirs, make you full with my pups,” He bellowed, before following up on said promise. His knot reaches its full size, resting against your cervix as his cock continues to spurt hot gushes of cum. He lies down so that your rest on his heaving chest, that’s now covered in a sheen of sweat. Kylo hums in contentment when you rest your head near his still rapidly beating heart. A shaking hand weaves through your hair, stroking and petting you to calm you down from your overstimulation. His knot will take a while to reduce, so he tries his best to keep you comfortable while he coms down from his high. “My Empress, you were so good for me, I hope that your perfect little cunt is satisfied,” He purred. “That was amazing Kylo, my Emperor,” You expressed, kissing the spot over his heart. He beams at your praise, holding you even closer to him. “I couldn’t think of a better mate than you Y/N,” He smiles, and he really means it, in his own way he just confessed that he loved you. “I love you too Kylo,” You sigh; thankful to whatever God let this happen today. It didn’t matter who he was and who you were, you would always stand by his side. Chapter 4 : Soulmate Prompt Summary: Request for anonymous, with Kylo 24. “So you’re my soulmate.” 18. “What did you just say?” The muffled voice of Mariah Carey could be heard in the background, along with the constant chatter that always seemed to accompany a large group of people. It was difficult to talk without shouting, which of course only worsened the noise level. Why was he even here? Kylo hated parties more than anything, he didn’t enjoy being surrounded by strangers, and he didn’t like to drink in these circumstances either. Being drunk would leave him vulnerable, and Kylo never wanted to let his guard down in a group full of random people. He remembered now. Phasma had dragged him along to some Christmas party, saying that he had to go at least once before the end of the semester. He shouldn’t have gone along with it, but he was too tired to argue with Phasma, even if this made him extremely uncomfortable. Phasma was trying to set him up with someone but like always it would fail, he had his heart set on finding his soulmate, even if it was foolish. Ever since he heard the story of his grandfather finding his soulmate as a kid, he was fixated on the idea. Besides, he wasn’t really good with women anyways, too intimidating. It’s said that when you find your soulmate you’ll know right away, it’ll feel like time stopping and the only thing you’ll see and hear is them. Nowadays it was a rare occurrence, the world had become too cynical and cold, and the ones who were lucky enough to find their best match wouldn’t even stay together. Despite it all Kylo believed in the old tale, that there was someone out there for him. “Kylo come on, I didn’t bring you here to just stand in the corner like this, go and dance with those pretty girls over there. If you don’t I will,” Phasma urges her shy friend. Kylo grunts a no in response; he was perfectly fine with his corner. He watched as some boys hollered at a group of girls, absolutely disgusting. Phasma sighed; he was back in his own little world, no reaching him now. You had just arrived at the party, dragged by your friends as a last ditch attempt to get you to socialize. Normally you could have an excuse, but this time you couldn’t think of one fast enough. They wanted you to meet someone, you were the only single one of the group and they thought you were more miserable because of it. They teased that you were waiting for your soulmate, which wasn’t exactly true. Although your traditional parents pushed you to wait for your soulmate, you didn’t really believe anymore. It was just their way to make sure that you stayed ‘innocent’, and you definitely were not innocent. It didn’t matter if whomever you ended up with was your soulmate, even if it was more romantic, it was too unrealistic. It kind of sucked to be single during the holiday season, seeing your friends all go out on nice dates with their significant others and exchange gifts. But this was not the place that you felt was good for meeting people, it was too loud and everyone was drunk, high or both. Deep in though while you watched your friends all do shots, you noticed someone in the corner. He was dressed in all black; fabric spread taught over his muscles, tattoos peaking under the rolls of his sleeves, the black matched with his wavy tendrils. A simple ring of metal adorned his septum, and his face was decorated with beauty marks and freckles. Dark brown eyes looked at a red cup that he was pretending to drink. He was all you could see, the only thing you could hear being your rapid heartbeat. The impossible was happening, and it was happening to you. Kylo noticed that someone was staring at him, a girl, and he could see you rapidly approaching. He pretended to look away, hoping that you’d walk past him; he was not in the mood to talk with anyone especially a stranger. “ So you’re my soulmate ,” You say quizzically, staring up at the tall giant in front of you. “ What did you just say ?” Kylo shouted, not hearing what you said. Then he looked down, and he understood. The noise faded away, and all he could hear was the rush of his blood. You were beautiful, perfect; he never wanted to turn his eyes away. You smirked at him, he was looking at you with his mouth open in shock and it was pretty darn cute. “I’m Y/N,” You introduce loudly to be heard over the blaring music, putting out your hand. He grips it firmly, giving it a strong shake. “I’m Kylo, do you want to get out of here Y/N?” He says, leaning down to speak right near you ear. It makes you shiver. You grin at him and nod, normally it wasn’t smart to go off with some random guy in a party, but he was your soulmate so what the hell! You notified your friends and left with Kylo, who was grinning from ear to ear with joy, grandfather was right all along. Chapter 5 Summary: Request for Kylo 16. “Why won’t you let me steal your flannels?” 23. “Do you know how good you look?” 33. “Baby, please.” You and Kylo had been dating for quite some time, somehow the shy boy who always seemed to stare at you gained the courage to ask you out one day. Now almost a year later you were living together and you shared everything, but there was an exception and it was really beginning to bother you. “Why won’t you let me steal your flannels?” You asked. Like always you never really got a proper response, Kylo would always give some bullshit excuse and then take it from your hands. He even began hiding them; it was like a game, try to find the flannel. He let you sleep in some of his old clothes so why wouldn’t he let you wear one of his flannels. You just loved to be swallowed up by his clothing, which was way to big for you. Kylo could be pretty eccentric sometimes but you didn’t understand this one, he didn’t seem like the type to care so much about a little thing like this. “Kylo, come on, why won’t you let me steal your flannels?” You ask for the thousandth time. Kylo sighs and shakes his head; he wished that you would just give up on this one. “If you don’t give me a good reason why then I’m going to break up with you,” You threaten, pointing your finger at him, but there was no malice behind it, no intent to follow through. “No you won’t, not for such a stupid reason,” He chuckles, you were being so childish about this, it was just one thing. “Come here Y/N,” He urges, opening his arms to you. You turn around and cross your arms, ignoring him; you were determined to hear a real answer. “Baby, please. Let it go,” He pleads, walking over to wrap his arms around you from behind. You huff and continue to ignore him, trying to get out of his hold. Of course, those pythons that he calls arms won’t let you leave, holding you tightly against him. He’s so big and warm and he’s peppering kisses along your neckline, you can’t help but relax and you uncross your arms. You’d let it go for now, you’d have to find a way to steal one of them without him knowing. You let him win this time, and as he showers you with affection you scheme, your curiosity had gotten the best of you. One day when Kylo’s gone you take the opportunity to rummage through his clothes and try and find one of his flannels and take it. What you do find in his closet is a few notes saying that it’s not even worth it to try and take one of his flannels. That you should just give up now. You disregard it, deciding to look elsewhere. Aha! You found one of Kylo’s secret flannels, stashed in a compartment in his car. You put it on and looked in the mirror, your mission was a success. Completely forgetting that you had his flannel on, you go out for coffee with a friend. Your laughing and having a great time until you see Kylo walk in, of course he’s wearing one of his flannels today. You try and hide, covering your face with your hand. Unfortunately, he immediately recognizes you, wearing one of his flannels nonetheless. He stalks over to you with an angry expression on his face. “Y/N, come with me, now,” He demands, and you can’t help but listen with his authoritarian tone. Maybe it was a bigger deal to him than you thought; you hoped he wasn’t too upset. He follows closely behind you, a hand gently pushing you by the small of your back. Once you get in the car, Kylo almost slams his foot on the gas, speeding back home. You can here him murmuring and cursing under his breath, his brows furrowed deep in thought. Suddenly his fist slams on the dashboard, startling you. “Do you know how good you look?” He abruptly questions, almost shouting in the car. It seemed to him that you were oblivious. “What do you mean? I know how I feel about myself for the most part, but not how others see me,” You respond. What was this all about? “I mean to me Y/N, how good you look to me,” He pauses as he parks the car in your driveway. Then he turns to you, placing a hand on your thigh. You don’t respond this time, you weren’t exactly sure. “Look at me Y/N, look at this!” He exclaims, motioning to his jeans. They’re bulging from the strain of his erection, oh. Heat rushed to your face. “Y/N, I don’t want you wearing my flannels because it drives my crazy, in fact unless you tell me no I plan on ravishing you once we get into the house,” He explains, his voice dropping at his dark promise. “Well can I at least wear them in the house?” You ask, you understand now. It’s probably not the best idea to unleash the beast when you’re in public, or was it? “Fine, but know the consequences if you do,” He growls. You smile mischievously and before you can respond Kylo gets out of the car and carries you out with him, you don’t say no, so this time you deal with the consequences. Chapter 6 : Baby it's Cold Outside It was December, and the holiday season was in full swing, which meant that Ben Solo was behaving more obnoxiously than ever. There was something about this time of year that brought out the asshole in him, and you were not having it. Ben was your best friend Matt’s triplet brother, he always loved to pester you when you and Matt were just trying to hang out and watch Star Wars. “Y/N come on baby, give me a kiss,” Ben pleaded, completely blocking your view of the movie. You sighed, and pushed Ben to the side, when he wanted your attention he wouldn’t stop till he got it. Best try and ignore him. “Baby don’t be like that,” He whines, placing an arm behind your head. You move his arm away too, and scoot to the other side of the couch. “Ben why don’t you just go and get a girlfriend, I’m here to watch movies with Matt go away,” You insult him. Of course Matt isn’t really paying attention, too immersed in the film, and besides he couldn’t really control his brother. You put up with it too, because as annoying as it was you could deal with it. “Why would I do that when I have you princess?” He smirks; getting up to sit right next to you and once again slides his arm around you, resting his head on your shoulder. You sigh and give up, you didn’t really want to get up again and miss more of the movie. Just ignore him. That was what it was usually like for you whenever you saw Ben, but you wouldn’t let him get to you, not like all the other girls whom he charmed their pants off. You didn’t even understand why he was so interested with you, why after years he hadn’t given up yet, sometimes you wondered if you slept with him he’d finally leave you alone, but it wasn’t really worth it. Sure he was hot, but no way, not in a million years. There was a reason why Ben kept on ‘annoying’ you; he thought he had gotten his message across, that he liked you. He didn’t get why you didn’t believe him, why else would he flirt with you so much. It was one of the main reasons that he moved in with Matt a few years back, because it meant seeing you more often. It also made him stay painfully single; he couldn’t get over you because he was consumed by you. It was so obvious that he was in love with you to everyone, except to you of course; you thought that it was just a game. Matt wanted to tell you, as his best friend you should know. But he had made a promise to Ben never to tell you, and he couldn’t do that to his brother, even though he thought that if he told you that things might work out between you two, your personalities complimented each other in the best of ways. Ben needed someone like you in his life to ground him; just meeting you had already changed him so much. He worked hard to improve himself, to be successful, so as to be a more suitable partner to you. The unrequited feelings did take a toll on him, feeding into his insecurities. Ben used to be a lot more confident, and maybe if he was now he’d be able to tell you how he truly felt. In reality, his pride was a bit broken, and he questioned almost every little thing that he said to you, losing sleep to worrying if you hated him or not. It drove him crazy, not knowing if he had a chance with you, but he hadn’t given up yet. He was stubborn. This time you were going over to Matt’s to bake some Christmas cookies and decorate a gingerbread house; he had no skills so he needed your help. Much to your surprise, when you got to his place Matt wasn’t home. “Y/N, hey what are you doing here?” Ben greeted cheerily after opening the door to see your lovely face. “Oh Ben, hi. Where’s Matt?” You ask, with a little disappointment. Ben’s face can’t help but drop at the tone of your voice, but he quickly masked it with a smile before you could notice. “Matt’s out with mom, she came by randomly to whisk him away to help her with shopping,” He explains. “I wonder why he hasn’t texted me,” You responded. “Mom probably took his phone away, she does that sometimes. But hey since you’re here you can hang out with me babe!” He suggests enthusiastically, changing the subject. “I don’t know Ben, I should probably go. I really can’t stay,” You reason, it probably wasn’t the best idea to be alone with him who knows what he’d try to pull. “But Baby it’s cold outside,” Ben sings. You turn to leave before he pulls you inside. He continues to serenade you with the old song, and you’re frozen from embarrassment, your heart beating rapidly. He has a nice singing voice, warm and rich. Eventually remembering the lyrics you join in, hoping to make it go by faster. This only eggs Ben on, as he begins trying to dance with you. “You know that song is really rapey right?” You critique after he finishes singing. “Sure as creepy as hell, but you still blushed. I just love to rile you up like this baby,” He flirts. His heart is still singing, not only had you not rejected him, you had joined in. Maybe he had a chance. “But why? Why do you like to annoy me so much? I don’t understand,” You question, frustration clear on your face. Ben laughed; he thought the answer was obvious. “I’m not trying to annoy you, I’m trying to flirt with you! I love you Y/N,” He confesses. You singing along with him had given him the confidence to tell you. “What!” you exclaim, this was shocking to you, there was no way that Ben wanted anything more than to have sex with you. “I mean it, don’t make me say it again it’s already embarrassing enough that you don’t feel the same way,” He scolds you. You look up at him eyes wide, trying to process his words. “You’re too cute Y/N, come on lets go make some cookies,” He smiles at you, again masking his true feelings. “Ben wait, I still don’t understand,” You interrupt. “You’re still on that huh, I thought you were smart princess,” He pauses to look at you. “What did you think all this time?” He asks, dreading your response. “I well, I guess I thought that you just wanted to get into my pants,” You sigh. Ben frowns at this, upset that you would think that he would take advantage of you like that. “Are you kidding Y/N? I haven’t even been on a date since I met you! You’re so wrong, sure I’d love to have sex with you, but I’d just be happy enough if you even so much as looked my way so what does that say to you?” He reasons, trying to make you understand. “I’m sorry Ben,” You cry, it made you upset that you had misjudged him this entire time. You were having difficulty with trying to find a relationship and the obvious choice had been right in front of you the whole time. Ben was a pretty nice guy, and the fact that he was genuine in all of his affections towards you made your heart warm. “Don’t cry baby, don’t ever cry because of me,” He comforts, gently brushing away your tears. You embrace him, snaking your arms around his neck and burying your face in his chest that’s slightly exposed by the V-neck that he’s sporting. He returns the hug happily, even if you didn’t feel the same way yet you hadn’t rejected him, he had hope. Later Ben had gotten more than he ever dreamed of, with a kiss that leads to much more. It wasn’t his intention but somehow he managed to have you naked in his arms. When Matt finally returned he was surprised to see you curled up in his brother’s arms. He hadn’t expected it to happen so soon, but he was happy for his brother and his best friend, because now you were going to be happy too. Chapter 7 : Flying Solo Summary: Ben Solo, it’s in his last name, doomed to be perpetually single. He didn’t even know where to begin to change that, but with the help of his friends, he finds his match. Ben was a pilot, like his father before him, nothing felt better than being at the helm of his ship. Everyone at the Resistance base loved him, he was the charming and handsome son of the General, and because of all the praise he was just a little bit arrogant. He knew that everyone loved him, and he played into it, blowing kisses at the crowd and showing off. He was especially popular with the ladies, it used to be him and Poe, but ever since Poe entered a relationship the attention turned to Ben. He was attractive and single, and every woman wanted him, or so he thought. You did not like Ben Solo, he was a rake, a wolf in sheep’s clothing, and he had hurt too many of your friends, casually brushing them off after a night of passion. He was inconsiderate of others, rude, he held the qualities that bothered you the most and because everyone loved him it made you dislike him even more. Ben Solo was a menace, a spoiled brat who didn’t deserve so much praise. Unbeknownst to Ben, you had judged him before he even had the chance to meet you. He saw you around all the time, and he wondered why you seemed to avoid him, why you didn’t give him attention like all the other girls who surrounded him. He was curious about you, probably one of the few people left that he hadn’t slept with. Sure he had a lot of sex, but he had a high libido and without it he just didn’t feel like himself. The problem was finding the perfect partner; Ben had trouble committing to anyone. His issue was trying to find someone to connect with on more than a superficial level; it didn’t feel like anyone liked him for who he truly was, like know one knew who he truly was besides his mother and Poe. In reality, Ben Solo was often not himself, always trying to show off. He was pensive, much more of a loner than he appeared. He craved simulation, and often unable to reach that mentally, he fulfilled it physically. Sometimes this meant spending evenings alone, staring at the stars and wondering. He didn’t know what was wrong with him, but he was unable to find a true companion. Another reason why he kept switching beds was because he was searching, hoping that he’d find the one that he wanted to wake up in every morning. This was not a good way to find a strong relationship, but Ben felt like it was the only thing that he knew how to do. Poe had tried to intervene countless times, before Ben truly became out of control. He could see that his friend was hurting, his self-destructive behaviors were not helping in any way and it was effecting others around him. “Oh no, this is a problem,” You said, looking up at the list of mission assignments. You were a medic, one of the few who could also fight; this meant that you worked more on the field. With your luck, you got assigned to go on a mission with Ben Solo, the most reckless mission leader of them all. Ben not only piloted, but also led some important missions; he was a jack-of-all-trades, still, a reckless one. You sighed in defeat, and headed into the briefing room “Thank you for being here today,” The general greeted, before giving details of the mission. It was a risky one, to try and rescue a fellow ally captured by the First Order who had just taken over their System. He would most likely be injured from cruel interrogation techniques, one of the reasons why you were there. Because of the risk, it would just be the two of you; more people would attract more attention. “I don’t think we’ve met before,” Ben smiles at you. “No, but I know who you are, I’m Y/N, the medic,” You reply with a serious tone. Ben’s taken aback by your tone, usually people smiled back when he smiled at them. “I look forward to working with you, I’m sure we’ll make a great team,” He beams at you, disregarding your unfriendly demeanor. You didn’t feel like playing his game, and just simply nod, and begin making your way towards the hangar. “Wait Y/N, hold up!” Ben calls after you, but you keep on walking so he has to run after you. He wanted to talk with you more, wanted to not fuck it up with you like he had with everyone else, but how could he when you were being like this. He knew that this wasn’t normal for you; he had seen you, laughing with your friends, being kind to others. In fact you were known to be a kind and friendly person, so why were you being this way to him? Ben found you waiting by his ship in the hangar arms crossed and head turned away from him. It seemed like you didn’t like him, which perplexed Ben, he was a nice guy and he hadn’t done anything to hurt you. “So I guess you finally decided to show up Solo,” You jest. “Solo, no one calls me Solo, call me Ben,” He replies. He begins to take off his shirt. “Whoa, I never asked you to strip for me Solo. You cover your eyes. This man was ridiculous. “I have to get in my uniform, I didn’t think you’d want to leave right away Princess,” He quips, sarcasm evident in his voice. You move your hands away from your eyes to see Ben tying his hair back away from his face. It was a good look, though you’d never admit it. The sarcasm was different, but you welcomed it, at least it was genuine. “Well are you just going to watch me or do you want me to carry you aboard sweet heart,” Ben smirks at you, directly meeting your eyes. “No nicknames,” You demanded respect. “If you’re going to call me Solo, I’m going to call you Princess, I think it suits you better because you definitely aren’t sweet,” He sneers. “What happened to the charming Ben Solo? The man who sweet talked his way into everyone’s pants,” You question, where had this man come from. He was not the same man that your friends had warned you about, no he was much more interesting than that. “Hmm and what happened to the nice girl Y/N who everyone loves,” He quips. You don’t respond, seeing your mistake. You shouldn’t have judged him so much. “But I could still sweet talk my way into your pants if you want Princess,” He whispers huskily into your ear. Yep, he was still a horny bastard, at least you knew that for sure now. You shoved him away from you. “No more games Solo, let’s get to work on something more important,” You direct his attention. “Agreed,” He replies coolly. Without talking to each other, you made it to your destination. You landed in an inconspicuous location and formed a plan to sneak in. Using the force, Ben would create a slight distraction, and with that you would sneak past the guards into the back entrance. After you would use the old transport station of this complex to make your way to the control room where you would unlock the cell to your ally. You would stay behind here, and Ben would rescue the ally, communicating if he faced any trouble. It would be easier to sneak around by himself then with you, and you could ensure that the cell stayed unlocked. It was a brilliant plan, and you were impressed that he was able to come up with it so quickly, so you went along with it without any protest. So far, you were successful, and now you were waiting for Ben to go through with the rescue. He had gotten to the point were it wasn’t safe to keep talking on the coms, and the only thing that could do was to hope to hear from him again. “Y/N go back to the ship now!” Ben interrupts your waiting with a rushed command. You listen, making your way out. You almost get caught, not seeing the guard rounding the corner, you’re able to knock him out but not before he grazes your side with his blaster. Clutching your side, you make your way into the ship and of course Ben is already there with the ally. “Now princess I thought you were hear to help the injured not get hurt yourself,” Ben chastises you and you glower at him, taking out you med kit to patch yourself up. “Are you okay Y/N?” Ben asks, concerned when he sees you wince in pain. “I’m fine Solo, now do get us out of here,” You bark. He looks at you for a moment before turning to the controls, he was worried about you. It seemed like you were the type of person who would downplay you injuries and your pain because of your pride. Despite your wound, the mission was an overall success; you were lucky to sneak past the First Order like that without facing graver consequences. The General congratulated you, and you went on your way, hoping to never see annoying Ben again after this. However, Ben is actually looking forward to seeing you again. Your personality was invigorating, he enjoyed your banter and it excited him to think about future encounters. With time, he’d wear down that cool exterior of yours, find out what makes you tick and then he’d strike like a lion hunting a lamb. Yes, this time his plan would work, and he’d win you over. “Hey princess, just wanted to check in,” Ben grinned, he came to visit you and see how you were doing. You were surprised to see Ben’s smiling face at your door; you hoped he would forget about you. It seemed like he was more stubborn than you thought. “I’m fine, you can go now,” You roll your eyes. You start closing the door but Ben stops you. “Oh come on, don’t be like that. I brought some food, I wanted to talk with you,” He persuades. You sigh and let him in, food was worth dealing with his presence. “So princess, how come you hate me so much?” Ben asks out of the blue while your eating. “If you really want to know,” You pause; Ben gives you the indication to continue. “First of all, I don’t hate you, but I don’t love you like everyone else either. You’ve hurt my friends, using them then completely disregarding them. You’re arrogant, reckless, and you hurt people around you,” You finish. Ben listens and takes your words into consideration, he understood your loyalty to your friends, but still it was more complicated then that. “Well that was a mouth full, but I suppose you’re right, it’s true that I’m not as perfect as everyone thinks, but you’re not either so who are you to judge?” Ben makes you doubt. “Oh what am I not perfect because I haven’t fallen at your feet in praise? Oh Ben you’re so great! You’re the best! Is that what you want me to say?” You mock. “No, no that’s not what I want Y/N,” He interjects. “Then what do you want, don’t you already have everything?” You goad him on; you want to know the truth behind his behavior. “I want to be with someone, I don’t want to die alone,” He says softly, being open enough in this moment to be honest with you. “Okay Ben, maybe I can help you. I can be your friend if you need it, but only if you’re honest with me. No bullshit, be yourself, well maybe a little less annoying,” You suggest. “Okay princess, I’ll be your friend, for now,” He accepts, with an unspoken promise lying in his words. He had barely started enacting his plan yet he had gotten so far, with just being open with you. This could work. You kept your word by being Ben’s friend, slowly letting down your barriers after he earned your trust. You got along a lot better then when you first met, often hanging out and telling each other about your worries. You had even gained new friends along the way, Ben introduced you to Poe and you introduced Ben to your friends after convincing them that he wasn’t so terrible. He even apologized to them and he stopped sleeping around so much when you told him that he would always be single if he continued. Even though he had heard it before, he listened when you told him. He knew that no matter how hard he tried not to; he would develop feelings for you. He tried so hard to never accidentally cross that line of friendship, he didn’t want you to notice his staring and embarrass himself in front of you. Yet he couldn’t stop doing it every chance you looked away, it was especially difficult anytime you wore something that was tight fitting or low cut. He tried to think pure thoughts around you too but he just couldn’t anymore, you made him happy and he wanted you more than anything, but he suppressed his nature so that he could continue being your friend. People noticed the change in Ben; he wasn’t as boastful, rarely showing off unless you were around. Although it was significant to others, those close to him knew that it was just him being himself, finally overcoming those insecurities. “You know Ben’s really grown a lot,” Leia said to Poe. “It’s because of Y/N, she’s really helped him,” Poe explains. “Really? I wonder why, does he like her?” Leia asks. A part of her hoped that the answer was yes, she wanted her son to find a stable relationship and you would be perfect for him. “Like? Ben’s completely smitten with Y/N; it’s hard to just get Ben to stop talking about her. I’m pretty sure that it’s more than just liking her,” Poe details. Ben denied it, but Poe knew that his best friend loved you, there was no way that he could look at you the way he did and feel otherwise. “Why aren’t they together then?” Leia asked the obvious question. “Neither of them want to admit that they like each other, they’re both stubborn,” Poe sighed. “We’ll have to fix that then won’t we,” Leia concluded, with mischief in her grin. Poe laughs heartily, you two had no idea what was coming. The plan was simple, and a little bit cruel, but it would work. Poe would convince you and Ben that each other was seeing someone and that you were no longer single. Leia would work on keeping you away from each other so that you wouldn’t figure out the truth. The final part involved forcing you to have a confrontation and hopefully confessing your feelings to one another. It worked, maybe a bit too well, you both bought into it completely and it was hard to hide how it affected you. Ben lashed out at everyone for the simplest things, barely slept, and drank way more than he should. Meanwhile you, feeling depressed shut yourself in and away from anyone. Against your will, you were dragged with Leia on what you thought was an important mission; Poe did the same with a disgruntled Ben, promising lots of alcohol. Then they dropped you off in a room and left you there, on some random tropical system without a way to leave. You were stranded together, and tensions were high. Ben could barely hold himself together, he was breathing heavily and trying to keep himself from breaking down in front of you. He couldn’t walk away either, he was frozen in your stare. You were confused, and slowly you pieced together the puzzle, Ben was too distraught to notice how suspicious this story was. “It’s a set up,” You speak your thoughts aloud. Ben looks at you with a lost confession, not understanding what you meant. “They fucking set us up, oh my god, did Poe tell you that I was going out on a date or something like that?” You question. “Yes!” Ben rushes out, connecting the dots. “You mean that you’re still single Y/N?” Ben asks with urgency, he’s desperate to know. “When am I ever not fucking single Ben, I would tell you otherwise,” You answer. Ben runs over to hug you, almost crushing you with the strength of his hold. “So what should we do,” You throw out, while petting Ben’s mussed hair. He’s rubbing his face against you like a cat, and although it’s different, you welcome his affections. You know now that he’s probably been holding himself back, he’s told you how mad it drives him to have so many pent up romantic feelings over the years, and you feel similarly, you just have better ways of dealing with it. “I think we should jump right into it, and by that I mean right into bed, we’ve known each other long enough princess, I hope you trust me,” Ben softly kisses your jaw. You put your hand on his hard chest to stop him for a moment. “That’s not what I meant, I mean what do we do about Poe and Leia? They’ve left us hear,” You point out. Ben takes your hand and brings it against his lips, just brushing your knuckles against them. “They’ll come back eventually, for now let’s just enjoy our time alone while we have it, let me take care of you,” He soothes your worries with a gentle voice and soft caresses. “Okay Ben, I’ll jump into bed with you, just please don’t make me regret it,” You consent. “Y/N, I won’t ever do that to you, I could never hurt my lovely princess like that,” Ben reassures you. Seeing your shy smile, he kisses you with years of pent up passion, he’d make sure that you’d never forget the feel of his lips or the softness of his kiss the first time that you were together. Chapter 8 : The Test Summary: Request: (SFW) What if you manage to save Kylo if he got captured? Like, you tear through a prison facility built on a lonely asteroid, until you shut down the laser wall in Kylo's cell. He looks at you with surprise, but there's pride in that gaze. You hold out his helmet & his lightsaber for him, & he smirks. "You've done so well, my apprentice." In a moment of weakness, the Resistance captured Kylo Ren, but he didn’t plan on staying in his cell for long. He could leave anytime he wanted to, he had a contact that would free him if needed, but he stayed for a more important cause. This was a test for his apprentice, so far you had shown great promise as a force user, but now was the test to see if you would be a valuable asset to the First Order. Kylo knew that you were an asset, but he had to prove it to Snoke, he was lucky enough to get you as an apprentice in the first time. Usually any other force users would be eliminated, so he was grateful that he got to keep you by his side. However if you failed, Snoke would doubt his decision and it meant that the two of you would both pay the price. The stakes were high, but he still had faith in you. You had a plan; it involved some risky flying to get past the detectors and the use of sleeping gas so that you wouldn’t have to kill. It’s not like you couldn’t do so, but death was much more suspicious and alarming, and it took more time then you had. Of course, you bring along his light saber and helmet along with you, which was a whole other ordeal to retrieve in an entirely different break in. His saber was heavy in your hold, with the weight of the power of the one who wielded it. His helmet was scratched and dented yet it still held its shine. A part of you was excited to see your master without his mask, you had only seen his face once before and it was so difficult to suppress the rush of thoughts and feelings that coursed through you. You make it to the prison after navigating through an asteroid field, breaking past the entrance with stealth and disguise. This task required the combination of planning ahead and careful consideration while keeping mindful of the force. You managed to get past the staff with ease, their uniforms not protecting them from the drug induced sleep. You made it to the control panel where you hacked into the system to disable the laser wall to your master’s cell. Even though he could leave now, Kylo stayed, he needed to make sure that this was of your doing. He couldn’t hide his pride when he saw your face. “Master here are your things, lets go we don’t have much time,” You say after undoing his restraints. “You’ve done so well, my apprentice,” He smirks, praising you. You can’t hide your smile from seeing the pride in his gaze; his approval was all you wanted to hear. To your surprise, Kylo lightly brushes a gloved hand over the dimples in your cheeks. This moment doesn’t last, Kylo quickly dons his mask and you make your escape, he shouldn’t have done that. He was your master and you his apprentice, and it had to stay that way if he wanted to keep you. Chapter 9 : The Cold Hearted Emperor Summary: Request: May I have this SFW request? :D Kylo Ren was the most feared person in the galaxy, even more so when he crowned himself Emperor. Truth & rumors were spoken in hushed whispers among his subjects & the troops. So imagine the shock for a random person if he/she saw Kylo & you (the Empress) having a quiet moment alone together. It was jarring yet sweet to see such love & affection in Kylo's expression as he held you in his arms, listening to you speak. But it was *there*. ‘Kylo Ren Crowns himself Emperor’ it was news that spread quickly across the galaxy, almost as quickly as the fear that his name elicited. His name before was almost never spoken of, it was the monster under the bed that everyone knew about yet liked to pretend didn’t exist. After the coronation, it became impossible to ignore, his name now existing under the underside of tongues, waiting to be cried out. He was a force to be reckoned with, like the Emperor before him. However this time was different, this time there was no Rebellion, no Resistance, they had been brutally crushed and now their names were never spoken. Out of fear and survival, the galaxy submitted to the power that Kylo Ren wielded, quietly and without much protest. What was even more surprising was when he announced his engagement to you, how could such a cold hearted man get married? Everyone had their theories, that he had forced you to marry him under a threat, that maybe you had been controlling this the entire time, or that he wanted an heir. You were also a popular figure, and your engagement came with a lot of protest, people trying to save you from the Emperor. You didn’t need to be rescued, the rumors were far from the truth. Although your people were not known to support the First Order that was now the Empire, you had supported the organization in secret. You detested the Republic, and you didn’t necessarily condone some of the violence of the First Order but you understood it and their goals. More importantly, you understood Kylo, and because of it you had never been afraid of him. Kylo Ren had known you for a while before ever officially meeting you, he had seen you talking with Hux sometimes in person but usually through Holovid. He remembered you because unlike most people he didn’t hear thoughts of fear when he was around you, on the contrary your thoughts were quiet and he had to really try if he wanted to hear them. A guard walked throughout the palace, making his rounds in the late hours of the evening, he paused seeing the door ajar to the Emperor’s quarters. He can’t help but want to take a peak inside. He’s frozen in shock, there lays the Emperor, unclothed, tenderly stroking the side of your face and you’re not disgusted or afraid. Did the Emperor just laugh? Was that even possible? The man began to question everything that he had ever known. He jumps hearing the Emperor growl at him and slam the door shut with a wave of the force, the guard runs away, fearing for his life. “Kylo don’t go after him, you just got back I’ve missed you,” You say to your husband who has an angry look on his face. You lightly trace over the scar on his face to calm him down, and visibly his face relaxes. “My empress, you know he must face consequences, no one should be able to see you like this and live, only I get to see you like this,” He explains, referring to your partial nudity. He was extremely protective over you, always fearing the worse. You didn’t mind, as the Empress his protectiveness wasn’t paranoid, and his possessiveness usually lead to some of the best sex so you didn’t mind that either. Kylo smirked when he heard your thoughts, placing a hungry kiss over your lips. “Now, why don’t you finish telling me that story Y/N?” Kylo asks. You do so happily, and he rests his head on your chest while listening to your voice and the sound of your beating heart. He falls asleep and you’re glad to see him so peaceful as you know he doesn’t get rest as often as he should, only with you. “Sweet dreams my love,” You whisper softly to your sleeping Emperor, and he dreams of you, his beloved Empress. Chapter 10 : Stay with me Summary: Request: Imagine waking up next to Kylo Ren, though. You're still aching from last night & his enormous body is curled around you. God, he was so strong. It made you shiver. You didn't think he'd be this cuddly, but he seemed to enjoy touching you. Kylo slowly stirred awake, his large brown eyes taking in the sight of you before he buried his face into your neck. You smile, threading your fingers through his soft curly hair. Heavy lids lifted as the fog of sleep began to clear from your brain, you blinked slowly, barely opening your eyes before shutting them at the brightness of day. You closed your eyes again for a moment; everything in you ached, what happened? Oh right last night you were thoroughly fucked by Kylo Ren. God, he was so strong, it made you shiver remembering the way that he pounded into you. It was no wonder that you were aching; no way that this man’s strength couldn’t affect you. Now it seemed as if he was wrapped around you, one huge arm trapping you against his chest, a calf sliding between you legs. The look on his face last night when he touched you, it was unbelievable how much he wanted you. You relished in the feeling of his soft sheets against your skin, they were so much more luxurious than the ones you owned. For a man that’s known for being frightening you didn’t think he’d be this cuddly, didn’t think he wanted you to stay, but here you were waking up in his arms. The giant stirred, groaning into the crook of your neck, he hadn’t slept this well in ages and he didn’t want it to end. A smile crosses your face. He was being so cute. You thread your fingers through his soft raven curls, and he grunts in approval, softly kissing one of the hickeys he left on your neck. “Aren’t you glad you stayed?” He murmurs, god his morning voice was so sexy, rich and husky from sleep. His brown eyes survey the damage from his roughness; he didn’t want you to leave after he had just utterly destroyed you, he wanted to take care of you instead. “Hmm yes, I’m very glad, I’m glad that you let me stay,” You reply. Kylo hums happily. You belonged in his arms and he had finally worked up the courage to make it happen. “Let’s stay in bed today, I don’t want you to leave my arms,” He suggests, expressing his desire to keep you ensnared in his hold. He had wanted you for so long and now he had to make up for that lost time, he regretted not acting sooner but he was afraid of your rejection. He didn’t think that you’d reach that point in your relationship so quickly, after you made it clear that you he would have to wait, it was only the third date. Yet last night, last night you submitted yourself to him and it was a beautiful sight, he’d never forget it. “Okay Kylo,” You agree, kissing the top of his head. Kylo entangles his body even more with yours, snaking both arms around you and resting you on his chest. “You don’t think we’re moving too fast right?” You ask, you didn’t regret your rash decision last night, but you were uncertain as to whether it was the best choice. “Y/N, don’t worry so much. Besides, I think we’ve both like each other for so long that it’s impossible to hold back anymore, I intend on keeping you as long as you’ll let me. I’m not the type of person who has flings,” He assured you. Kylo begins to massage your thighs, soothing your aching muscles under the grasp of his palms. He loves to feel you squished within his hands, you felt such soft and warm. You can’t help but moan when one of his hands reaches a little higher and Kylo chuckles. “Greedy little thing, do you really want me to take you again after last night?” He growls. You whine and nod and Kylo smirks, he had you, and he wouldn’t let you go. Chapter 11 : Santa Baby Summary: The first time you meet Kylo is under some pretty strange circumstances, somehow that man can even make a Santa costume attractive How the hell did he end up in this situation? Oh right he listened to Hux, that was always a stupid idea. Kylo was dressed in a full on Santa costume, black hair shoved under a white wig, he may not have been able to fill out the costume with a big belly, but his muscles almost made the costume a little tight in some places. He was so uncomfortable right now, but he owed Hux a favor, and of course he decided to cash it in on something like this. He was probably the worst type of person to do this job, he was more of the Grinch than Santa, and he just hoped he didn’t accidentally scare anyone away. He was horrible with children, they always asked too many questions, and he didn’t understand how to deal with the little rascals. He was playing Santa as a part of some sort of fundraiser for the First Order’s charity. What Kylo didn’t know was that this was one of Phasma’s matchmaking schemes; she was always trying to set up Kylo with a different girl. It never worked out, usually he didn’t understand until after the fact that the girl would leave. To be fair, he hadn’t really liked any of them, but being single was starting to get a little bit old. He didn’t connect well with people though, especially women. The only reason that Phasma did this was because she new that Kylo was lonely (and horny but that was another thing) and that he had difficulty meeting new people, often keeping to circles of the same people. Kylo was already a pretty melancholy type of guy, but there was nothing compared to the look on his face whenever he saw couples. He just wanted someone to hold onto in his life, keep him from floating away, who knew that it would be so difficult. Still, if this Santa costume had to do with one of here matches, he was going to be pissed, this was not a good way to meet someone after all. You, who had volunteered to be Santa’s little helper, were not aware of any of Phasma’s intentions. You just wanted to help, it was for a good cause after all and you wanted to make a difference. You like Kylo, wanted to be in a relationship, but you just never seemed to have any luck with dates. Phasma hoped that you two would click naturally, you had similar interests, and though it was difficult to figure out after a while, you were the type of person that Kylo tended to like. So here you were, dressed in this obnoxious elf costume, a green and red dress complete with candy cane striped stockings, and a silly little hat to top it off. You laughed seeing yourself in the costume, this should be interesting, you wondered who would be playing Santa. Your question was answered shortly, when Kylo suddenly walked in. “Oh uh, Hi,” He greeted, scratching the back of his neck in a nervous habit. “Hello! I’m Y/N,” You introduced seriously. It was hard to see under that mess of a beard, but you could tell that there was a young man under there. He was undeniably handsome, with a set of warm eyes peaking from his covered face. “I’m Kylo,” He returns, reaching out to shake your hand. “So I guess you’re my little elf today,” He continues, unsure how to start a conversation. You were undeniably cute, maybe too cute with that set of stockings under your short dress. He was lucky that the beard could hide his blush, it’d been a while since he’d felt this attracted to someone. “Do I really look little Kylo?” You giggle, teasing him a bit. “Well no that’s not what I meant, uh well I meant-“ He rambles. “I’m just kidding, yes I’m your elf for today, let’s have fun with this,” You interrupt, saving him from embarrassment. You were almost surprised that you were being this flirtatious, but something about this man just brought it out in you, it was fun to mess with him a bit. Kylo, mortified, only manages to nod in response to your words. You don’t have very much time to chat before the kids arrive, so you mainly just go over what you’ll be doing. You could tell that Kylo was nervous, he definitely didn’t seem like the normal type of person to be in a Santa costume, and somehow it worked. He felt a little better with you there; you almost exemplified Holiday cheer with your rosy cheeks and bright smile. It was also bad, because he felt more pressure to do well in front of you, nevertheless there was no more time to worry, and it was time to start. “What would you like for Christmas?” Kylo asks in a gruff voice, trying to do the classic Santa voice. The kids are really into it, some of them needing to be dragged away by their parents. “I want to get married,” One boy says, Kylo smiles at that, it reminded himself when he was a kid. He wasn’t that much of a romantic anymore, but seeing you smile at the boy warmed his heart a little. Your kindness towards the children was making him feel things, some which should not be dwelled on. Finally, after the last kids left, you and Kylo were able to leave. Kylo, perhaps feeling a little more bold than usual, makes a move. “Hey um Y/N, would you like to go to dinner with me sometime?” He asks, still in full costume. “Sure I’d love to go on a date with you Santa,” Kylo takes off the beard and that, almost forgetting the itchy thing. Your eyes widen, okay he was even more attractive then you had thought, you feel more nervous now, a blush gracing your cheeks. Kylo observing your reaction, smiles. At least he wasn’t the only flustered one. “Are you free tonight?” He questions, hoping to spend more time with you. “Actually I am,” You reply giddily, happy to eat dinner with such an attractive man. He didn’t think that it could happen so quickly, but he found someone that he connected with, maybe it was the Santa costume that made him seem less intimidating. Either way, it worked, and for once he didn’t feel like stealing Christmas away onto a tall mountain. Chapter 12 : You're Pretty Summary: Request: can you please write something with Matt for me? preferably super fluffy and body positive (you can put smut if you want to) i'm having a lot of problems with my body image and i haven't felt pretty for so long... it's awful and it's taking a toll on me You stood in front of the mirror, critiquing yourself. Sometimes it was okay, but lately you had just been feeling pretty ugh with your body. Looking in the mirror was disheartening, and it made you frown. Matt, your sweet boyfriend saw you frowning at yourself in the mirror, grabbing at your sides. He hated seeing you like this, he wished that you could see yourself the way that he did, beautiful and perfect in every way. But he understood it, why you were so hard on yourself; it was hard when society seemed to be so focused on appearance, making people feel like they weren’t good enough if they didn’t fit the standard of beauty perfectly at the time. “Sweetheart, beautiful beautiful girl, don’t look at yourself like that! I know it’s hard not to feel this way, but please try not to think so negatively,” He coos, wrapping an arm around your waist and resting his chin on your shoulder. “I know Matt, I’m trying, I just can’t for some reason,” You sigh, sometimes you were able to curb these thoughts but this time you needed a little extra support. “It’s okay lovely, I’m here for you. I just, I don’t like seeing you like this because I love you so much, I don’t even deserve someone as pretty as you,” He confesses, while slowly running a hand up your side in a comforting gesture. He brushes your hair to the side, and cups the side of your face, his thumb lightly skimming your cheek. You watch as his face visibly warms, roses blooming in his face. You can feel why he’s blushing too, with his erection nudging you from behind. “Sorry Y/N, I just get so turned on by you I can’t help it, so pretty,” He murmured. You can feel his hips softly rutting into you, sometimes Matt gets a little lost in his desire for you. “Matt I don’t know, maybe later,” You suggest, it was hard to be in the mood when you felt like this. Matt whined a bit, before stepping away from you and adjusting his glasses on his nose. “Sure princess, why don’t we take a bath?” He suggests. You nod. You didn’t mind if he showered you with affection today, it was a nice distraction. He hums contentedly, moving to help take off your shirt. You two undress, silently as he stares at your body with admiration. “Wait, Y/N,” He stops you. You turn your head to look at him. “Look at yourself for a moment, I want you to repeat after me: I am pretty,” He directs. “I am pretty,” You say, not really believing it. “Hmm that wasn’t very good, I think I’m going to keep on making you say it until you believe it, I know you’re beautiful but it’s important that you see that too,” He decides. Sometimes saying positive things would make you think positive things. Matt turns the knobs to let the water flow into the tub, telling you to sit inside the porcelain basin. While you enjoy the feel of warm water against your skin, Matt gathers some candles, soaps, and oils to help you relax. After lighting the candles, he slides in behind you, securing you against his chest with his forearm. He slowly begins to lather the soap over your body, taking his time to wash you, touching every inch of you. While doing so, he continues to admonish you with praises like “I could worship this perfect body forever,” and “God your skin feels so nice, you’re so soft and sweet princess,” He says, kissing your skin softly. Matt continues caring for you like this until he knows you feel better, and he’ll do it for as long as it took, because he just wanted to see you happy. Chapter 13 Summary: At the end of the world, you’re just trying to survive. You’re used to being alone in this cold world, and the only life you encounter is the food that you hunt and the other more dangerous wild life that always seems to lurk behind the corner. You’re alone until you encounter a new creature, a man who goes by the name of Kylo Ren. Smut in this includes blow jobs and praises. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You didn’t know how many hours of daylight you had left, the sky had gone red and that was usually a sign of an oncoming storm. You had to leave, the old factory that you were staying wasn’t safe anymore, and you had taken all of the resources. Barely escaping the jaws of a wolf, you made it to the abandoned highway, but you were still in the danger zone. The wind was picking up, whistling a cruel and mocking tune, and snow had joined in for the fun. It was like tiny needles hitting your face; you needed to find shelter quick. You were still running a bit from the wolf that was still stalking towards you, and beginning to sweat too, which was incredibly dangerous in these temperatures. It was cold, so damn cold, but you couldn’t let it be your death. You promised yourself that you wouldn’t be one of the frozen corpses that you looted, and more importantly you didn’t want to die alone at the hand of nature. Hope, it’s what kept you going, hope that maybe you weren’t the only one left. Now there was just you, the cold, and the whistling wind. Luck was on your side this time; you’d live another day. A house, just beyond the guardrail of the highway, overlooking a frozen lake, it would save you from the cold. You made your way carefully to the cabin, trying to keep steady footing amongst the sloping snow. You opened the door to enter the dimly lit house; it seemed abandoned like every other home. You barely made it inside, before collapsing on the couch out of breath, your injuries catching up to you. What you didn’t notice, the freshly cooked rabbit and the embers of a fire, you were not the first one to rest here. Kylo was out hunting, the rabbit that he just caught not providing nearly enough sustenance. He had just found the cabin that you were now resting in almost a week ago, and for now it was his shelter from the cold. Like you, he hadn’t seen another person in a long time, but unlike you he took solace in the cold and nature. He understood those things more than people, so he didn’t mind being on his own. Right now he was dragging a deer carcass back to the cabin, he would’ve gutted it first usually, but the storm took away the opportunity to do so. The snow had erased any traces of your steps; there was no way for him to be prepared for the surprise that was in store. He slammed the door behind him and unloaded the animal that rested on his shoulders. It was dark; he needed to light a fire. He knelt by the hearth, which still had a few embers, and worked to rebuild it. With a final breath, the sparks came to life, beginning to eat away at the wood that he placed there. It wasn’t until he turned around that he noticed you, a face barely showing under layers of clothing. He poked you, and you shivered. An infection had set in from untreated wounds, and a fever raged through your body, immune system running rampant to destroy unwelcome invaders. Kylo observed some of the blood trickling down from your hand, of course the first person he sees in months is dying right in front of him. He strips of your clothing layer by layer, hesitating a bit once he sees your more feminine features. But he continues, now seeing the sweat on your forehead and the blood seeping through your clothes. Your left with just your underwear, Kylo wouldn’t take away all of your modesty, though it was easier to properly care for you with less clothing. He takes some clean water and begins wiping some of the blood and cleaning your wounds. Some have stopped bleeding, others require a few stiches, he does the best that he can to patch you up. It’s not the best but it stops the bleeding. Of course, he uses a sterile needle and disinfectants to not worsen your infection. You endure, too delirious with fever to stop him, not comprehending what was happening whatsoever. He manages to give you an antibiotic and an anti-inflammatory drug in your feverish state, hopefully you make it, and he didn’t want you to die, especially since he just used some of his medicine on you. You wake to see a dark figure against a roaring fire, was it death coming to collect you? No, not just yet, you were still alive. You try and get up only to fall back unto the couch, your muscles weak from lack of food and fighting off the infection. “You’re awake,” The figure states gruffly, and he turns around to show your face. Maybe you were dying; because there was no way someone who looked like that could exist outside of heaven. He had distinct features, a strong nose, dark eyes and brows, plump lips, and the body of a Sasquatch to match. You can’t bring yourself to answer him, tongue unable to form words. “I should probably feed you,” He murmurs. He moves out of your line of site, which is limited because you can’t move much. Although it was quiet his voice still resonated in your ears, it was hard not to though when your ears where so used to silence that his voice stood out, rich and warm like the crackling fire. Kylo almost couldn’t help himself; you were the best thing that he had seen in a long time, so pretty and soft looking. Innocent compared to the harshness of Mother Nature that he had come to know so well these past few months. He wanted to keep you safe, the urge to protect you coursing through his veins. Grabbing a bowl of freshly made instant oatmeal, he kneeled down in front of you. “Open up, you need to eat,” He urges. You oblige, accepting the spoonful. It was nice and hot, and it felt good to have something in your empty stomach. He kept on feeding you until you finished the bowl, and then proceeded to give you some water. “Thanks,” You croak out weakly. Kylo smiles hearing your voice, it was the sweetest music to his ears. “Rest some more, you’re still weak,” He orders. “I’m not weak,” You defend feebly, unwilling to let him say that about you. He chuckles lightly at your stubbornness, you must have a strong character. “Rest, please,” He pleads gently. He adjusts the blanket to cover your shoulders, you realize that your only in your underwear, but you’re guessing that it’s because he dressed your wounds. The warmth of the fireplace and the blanket make sleep easy for you, with Kylo here you could finally sleep without worry, you didn’t know why but you trusted him for some reason. It had been a few days since you had arrived in the cabin, Kylo changing your bandages ever so often and making you drink water. The meat that he had harvested from the deer was running low, so he went out to set a few traps, he wanted to get some fishing done but he didn’t want to be away from you for too long in case you decided to try and do something strenuous and risky. He understood it though, in a way he was the same, survivor’s instinct saying to keep moving. You woke from your nap feeling rested, pain significantly dulled from sleep. Of course Kylo was looming over the fire again, stirring the embers and adding another log to bring back the dying flames. Kylo, hearing you stir looked over at you, telling you to stay still with your eyes. “Kylo I need to go to the bathroom sometime, I can’t keep on laying here like this,” You complain. He grunts and looks away, letting you go and do your business. You get up and stretch, and Kylo observed you from the corner of his eye before deciding to stare at you more blatantly, eyes raking over your form. He couldn’t help it, he hadn’t seen a woman in so long, and it made him feel an ache that he hadn’t felt in a long time. “Like what you see?” You smirked, you found his staring flattering, and his heated gaze lit a fire in your abdomen. Kylo quickly turned away, hiding his look of shame, he wanted you to leave so he could deal with his very pressing matter. Sometimes he would wake up with a hard on, but he couldn’t even remember the last time anyone made him turned on like this. He had suppressed that part of himself more than he thought if all it took was seeing your body like that to rile him. He needed to relieve himself and quick, before you came back. With a swift pull of the pants and some wrestling with his underwear, he pulled out his hard cock. He didn’t have any lube or lotion, so a glob of spit would have to do. With you in mind, he began beating his cock, the room filling with a slapping sound. God, fuck! It had been so long since he had felt the warmth of a woman, just the smell of you alone made his thoughts run wild. Your soft lips, he imagined what they would feel like around the head of his cock, softly sucking and then slowly taking more of him into your mouth. His hand felt nice, but nothing would compare to how you might feel. You knew that Kylo wanted you that erection was pretty hard to miss, and you couldn’t deny that you wanted him too. He was attractive and it had been a long time, too many horny nights spent with your hand. You had purposefully stretched out in front of him to test his reaction, and it was better than you expected. When you came back you noticed that Kylo was gone from his spot by the fire, and your trained ears picked up a faint moan from upstairs. You snuck upstairs and peaked through the open crack of the door only to see Kylo fervently jerking it. It was incredibly hot, the way that he almost violently slammed his fist down his cock. It was just all so feral, like he was a beast in heat. You stalked towards him, and Kylo growled when he saw the look on your face, his fist not ceasing while blatantly stared, eyes watching as you took of your clothes layer by layer, lips upturned in a wolfish grin. “Come here sweet thing,” He purred. You sauntered over, twirling your panties around your finger above your head. You took his hand off of his cock, and replaced it with your own. You slowly traced up and down the length of him, thumbing the slit of his head and spreading around the leaking precum. “I bet it’s been a long time for you huh Kylo? It’s been a long time for me, I’d love to try and get my mouth around this cock, make you cum in my mouth,” You tease. Kylo wrenches your jaw close to him so that you can feel his warm breath fanning your face, “If you make me cum you better swallow like a good girl, or else I have to punish you. Do you consent?” He demands, making sure to have your permission. You say yes, and eagerly accept his cock into your mouth. You start off slow, by circling the tip with your tongue and stroking the rest of him. Eventually he gets sick of your teasing and a tug of your hair along with a grunt encourages you take more of him in your mouth. He’s probably the biggest you’ve ever seen, and it took a lot in you not to gag. Inch by inch you swallowed his length, gagging slightly but quickly recovering. Spit escapes from the corners of your mouth, drooling down his length as a lubricant. Kylo stops for a moment to admire you, it was so hot it made him throb in your mouth ,which subsequently made you moan. Impatient, he fists your hair and pulls your head up so that he can begin fucking your dirty little mouth properly. It’s a mess, you’re drooling all over him as you bob your head up and down. He’s emitting savage noises, grunting and growling as he ruts into your mouth. A moan almost turns into a whine when you suck particularly hard, for the most part he’s in control but you have a few moments to surprise him. “Fuck, fuck you’re so good,” He groans. “Mm yes, take it, take all of it,” He praises, he loved ruining you like this, he would certainly have to repay the favor afterwards. With a shout, he cums into your mouth, hips stilling as he spurts hot loads onto your tongue. You swallow it all, careful to lick up any excess that flowed from your mouth onto your face. “You were so good for me, precious. Let me reward you,” He coos, after taking some time to recover from his orgasm. Before you can say anything, he flips you over so that you’re on your stomach, burying his face in your dripping warmth. He doesn’t waste any time, licking you with the entire surface of his tongue, pressed flat against your folds. “Ugh, you taste so delicious, I can’t believe I’ve lasted so long without this sweet nectar,” He moans, next plunging his tongue into your throbbing hole. As he fucks you with his slobbering tongue, he passes his thumb over your clit, just teasing you with the slightest pressure. Your moaning and twisting against the sheets, so turned from seeing him come apart, sensitive due to pent up arousal. Another hand that was once at your hip slides up to your breast, roughly squeezing and pinching your nipple. It doesn’t take much before you’re reaching your peak, Kylo’s fingers easily sliding into you as he fucks you with his thick digits. He curls and twists them, to find that sweet spot that makes your moan high pitched. “Oh that’s so good, ugh I’m gonna cum,” You whine. And when Kylo looks up at you, lips suckling your clit, with those predatory eyes you cum right there. You can’t form any words, only sounds of absolute pleasure. Kylo laps up the aftermath, making you whine from oversensitivity. He cleans you with his tongue, still wanting to taste you. If you weren’t still recovering, he’d keep on going until you came at least two more times, but for now he stopped as he sensed your exhaustion. He gently pulls your naked body into his arms, being careful of your injuries and soreness. He hums and strokes your hair, whispering sweet words of praise into your ear, urging you to sleep. Eventually your breath steadies and you drift of, warmer then you had been in a long time. Notes: So this was mainly inspired by the game The Long Dark, I don’t know if I’ll make another part or not but let me know what you think. Chapter 14 : Make a Move Summary: Request: Hi, I've been a fan of your writings for a while and I was wondering if you could do a request where the reader makes the first move? (E.g. Like to kiss him or something) can be fluff or smut, up to you xx Contains smut and things like Innocence kink and praise kink Kylo Ren was a friend of your best friend’s boyfriend, and he was completely smitten by you. Though he never seemed to do anything about it, choosing to keep his feelings to himself, or so he thought. You weren’t really aware of his feelings, didn’t notice him looking at you while you zoned out. It was extremely frustrating; every time he tried to speak to you it would go unheard, leaving him feeling like an idiot. He believed that you didn’t really know that he existed, always no further than an arm’s length away from your friend whenever he saw you. But at the same time he cherished these moments, imprinting the melodious sound of your laughter in his mind, getting drunk on your smile. You enjoyed seeing Kylo as well, though you misunderstood his shyness for dislike. You thought that he saw himself as better than you, that you were some sort of fool in comparison to his vast intellect. It sucked because you kind of liked him; he held all the qualities that you were attracted to, besides the superiority complex. “Y/N do you want to come over, Hux and I are just hanging out, and Kylo will probably be there too,” Your friend offered. Unbeknownst to you, your friend was trying to set you up with Kylo, knowing that you two would fit well together. Although Hux may have disagreed at first, he came to accordance after seeing the way that Kylo looked at you. But unfortunately there was only so much they could do to interfere with your relationships, one of you had to make that decision yourself if you wanted to make it work. “I don’t know, I don’t think my self esteem is in the mood for dealing with Kylo today, not in the mood for that pretentious asshole.” “Y/N! Stop that, I know you like him, you’ve got it all wrong!” Your friend scolds you. “Shut up, I don’t like him!” You defend. “Yes you do, and he likes you too so stop denying it,” She argues with you. You sigh into the phone, okay so maybe you did like him, but it was hard to believe that such a wonderful man would feel the same way about little old you. “Y/N, you don’t notice but he’s always looking at you, and I swear I’ve never heard him laugh before he met you, he definitely likes you,” Your friend explains. “Yeah he is pretty subtle when it comes to those things, I guess you’re right,” You give in. “Of course I’m right! Now you’re going to get ready, maybe wear that cute dress, the pink one. It’ll really get him going. Then you’re going to talk with him, flirt with him a little, see where it goes from there. I’ll be right with you so don’t worry,” She lays out a game plan, comforting any of your worries that might spring up. “Alright I guess I’ll see you later then,” You reply and she hangs up after giving a goodbye. Meanwhile all it takes to get Kylo to come over is to say that you’ll be there, “You coming over,” Hux texts. And then, “Y/N will be there,” which warrants an immediate reply of “ok,” that masks the enthusiasm that he has from the anticipation of seeing you. He gets there early too, forced to make awkward small talk before you arrive. They weren’t offended though, because they knew that the only reason he even came was because of you. It would be worth it, to be able to watch you walk in; he just wanted a good opportunity to see what you were wearing. You took a deep breath before knocking on the door, trying to muster your courage to ask him out. You walk through the doorway and into the living room, only to be met with the burning gaze of Kylo Ren. It made you blush, the heat of his stare. You could melt right there, your knees feeling so weak you were frozen. “Y/N nice to see you, come in! There’s a seat next to Kylo,” He greets. You have to fight to stop a frown; this was not helping with your nerves. Smiling to hide your anxiety, you sit next to him and you can feel your thighs touching. This couch is just big enough for two people, and since Kylo is massive you’re squished, getting no relief from the warmth. “Hey Y/N,” Kylo turns to you, trying to be friendly. “Hi,” You return the greeting. Hux and your friend are trying not to laugh, both of you trying to hide your blushing from one another. Kylo was just trying not to lose it, you were too cute to handle, pink dress fueling his innocence kink. It was short too, if a breeze passed by everyone would be able to see your pastel panties. When sitting your dress inched up on your thighs, leaving more skin available to Kylo’s eyes. It was torture. You two sat together through Monty Python and the Holy Grail, laughing at the Knights of Ni and the killer rabbit. You thought that you’d be watching another movie then ordering pizza, but a call disrupted your time together. “I’m sorry you guys, Hux and I have to go, family emergency. But you guys are welcome to stay and hang out,” You friend tells you, urging you to stay. She had just set up the perfect opportunity for you and she hoped you would take it. They leave you two to decide, alone and still on the couch together. “So what do you want to do?” Kylo asks you, hand running through his hair in a nervous tick. “Whatever you’d like, we can stay here, go to my place, go out and get something to eat,” You offer, hoping that he’ll run with it. “You mean like a date?” He blurts out, then covering his mouth when realizing his mistake. You smile and place a hand on his knee, “Yes, like a date. I’m asking you to go on a date with me.” Kylo blushes, “Really?” He questions. You nod at him, still smiling. His face splits into a grin, the biggest you’d ever seen from him, so that you could see all of his teeth. You decide to do something bold, and you grab his face, placing a chaste kiss on his lips. He freezes up and you move away before he can return the kiss, angry with himself he roughly pulls you back so that he can mash your lips against his own. You whimper as he shoved his tongue into your mouth, fuck he was a good kisser. His hand fists at the hem of your dress, twisting it towards him. On accident and by sheer strength he rips the fabric, exposing your damp undergarments. He would’ve gone on a proper date with you first, but it looked like things were taking a turn for another direction. He already felt the a slow burn of arousal due to your proximity and scent over washing him through the evening, your sweet kiss had just broken his small semblance of control and unleashed his desires all at once. He kisses your cheek, mouth moving from your jawline to your neck to suck the skin into his mouth. “Did my sweet little princess wet her panties?” He said lowly, fingertips just brushing over the damp area, slowly adding more pressure. “Kylo, stop we can’t do that hear” You whine. “You don’t sound like you really want me to stop,” He growls after you moan. “I don’t, but not here please,” You beg, rubbing your thighs together at the loss of his teasing hand. “We can go to my place, since you asked so sweetly.” He respected you enough to grant your request, and more so he preferred your first time with him to be in the comfort of his bed, where he could properly fuck you. He carried you from the couch bridal style all the way to his car, flooring it to get to his destination. You gasped, noticing Kylo’s rather large erection. That was going to be tight. Once you get to his apartment, he spares no time tearing off the rest of your clothes and touching every inch of skin that had been so carefully hidden from him. You still feel like you’re on fire, this time from your core. The heat takes a life of it’s own, throbbing and sopping with arousal. It ached to be filled, and staring at the outline of Kylo’s cock only made it worse. He grinds against your slick, coating his pants in it. He continued to kiss you, now on your breasts, tongue lavishing the soft skin and hard nipples. He gives you what you want, filling you with a few of his thick fingers. He twists and turns them, moves them in and out, stretching you for his cock. But it’s not enough, you feel much greedier than that today. “Kylo please,” You plead, trying to reach for his cock. “Be patient, perhaps I’ve spoiled you too much princess. Oh but you’ve been so good, letting me touch you like this.” He praises you. He removes his hand to begin taking of his own clothes that feel like they’re choking him. “Tell me Y/N, what do you want me to do exactly, or else I’ll just continue teasing you,” He demands. “Kylo, I can’t, please don’t make me!” Your response is handled with a smack on the ass, hard enough to sting. “Don’t be a brat, or else I’ll treat you like a brat, try again.” “Okay Kylo, you know what I want? I want you to fill me with your cock and fuck me hard, no more games,” You state coolly. “Good girl, now that wasn’t so hard wasn’t it?” He replies, stuffing you with his cock before you get the chance to respond. He gives you a few breaths to adjust to his size, enjoying the look on your face, your mouth forming a perfect little circle. He hooks your legs over his arms, so that he can settle deeper. His hips move backwards, to then fuck you with a brutal strength. It’s relentless, he moves so seamlessly, making you churn out moan after moan. “Good, just like that, fucking take it,” He growls. The sounds of your sweaty bodies slapping against one another is absolutely filthy in the best of ways, heightening your arousal. He switches the angle so that he can hit that perfect spot, which makes you cry out his name. He’s lost in the feel of your cunt, clenching tightly around his cock. You fit so perfectly together it was like a dream. Suddenly you cum around his cock, muscles milking his swollen member. “Oh fuck Y/N, you’re killing me,” He groans, spilling himself inside of you. It oozes from your wrecked hole; Kylo hums with satisfaction as he observes his handiwork. He releases your legs and slides out with a wet pop, lying on the bed besides you. “Y/N, I’m sorry,” Kylo says after a moment of silence. “Why on Earth would you be sorry?” You look over at him. He seems distressed. “I was way too rough, I lost control. I should’ve waited and gone on a date with you first,” He explains. “No Kylo, you were perfect, you did more than I could ever want. We can go on a date for a long time, but that, that was a long time coming,” You console him, running your hand over his bicep. “I still can’t believe you asked me out, then you kissed me!” He laughs in disbelief. He didn’t think that you felt that way about him at all, and it was just too good to be true. You roll over on your side to rest your head on his chest, his arm wraps around your back to hold you there. “I’ve wanted you for so long Y/N, thank you for letting me-“ He’s interrupted by your kiss, which he reciprocates, plush lips pressing into your own. “Don’t thank me, take me out on a date, then we’ll be even,” You interject. “I can’t wait,” He agrees, mind already whirring with all the ways he could spoil you, when Hux invited him over today he could’ve never imagined this outcome, better than his wildest fantasies. He never thought he even had a chance until now. Chapter 15 : Selfish Summary: Request, NSFW 25. “You’re mine. I don’t share” 8. “Why are you so jealous?” Kylo Ren was very protective of you, even though nobody knew of your relationship with the Commander, which only seems to heighten his insecurities about losing you to another man. You were his lover, although an unlikely choice, as you were Hux’s leading officer. It drove him crazy; to always see you by his side when he wanted you to be by his side instead. Although there were strict guidelines to being his lover, you didn’t really know how he felt outside of that. You were at his beck and call, coming to his side at a simple message like “My room at 22h, be naked.” An order you dared not disobey, these were the terms you had agreed to when he first asked you to become his bed partner. He wasn’t even around all the time either, usually off on some mission on the Finalizer while you stayed on Starkiller Base with the General. But his few interactions with you were enough to attract his attention, you had an allure about you that he couldn’t resist. The way he asked you was frightening, you thought he had called you to murder you or something; surprisingly he wanted to destroy you in another way. “Officer L/N, you are a very efficient worker,” He said to you one day, it wasn’t a very good one, but you could tell it was a genuine compliment, and your chest soared with pride hearing something like this from the Commander. “Y/N,” He pauses, and you blush at hearing the Commander call you by your first name. “I’d like to discuss something with you, in my quarters, if you feel uncomfortable or afraid by this request then don’t come. I won’t be offended,” He requests. Even if he was intimidating, your curiosity won over, and a part of you, although you suppressed it, was enthralled by the absolute power that this man carried with him. So you go, and that’s how it all starts. Now here you were, for what felt like the hundredth time, lying on his bed. This time wearing lingerie and a matching collar that he bought for you to wear. Though you heeded his request, the Commander seemed displeased when he saw you. “Sir, is everything all right?” You ask him; Sir being what he wanted you to address him as. Kylo only responded by yelling, breaking one of the lamps on his bedside with his light saber. Obviously he was not okay, you hoped you could soothe him. With a gentle touch, you slide a hand over his back, you weren’t afraid of him anymore. Kylo drops his distinguished saber, and sits on the bed next to you, hunching over and resting his still masked faced on his hands. You continue to brush over his back, giving him a moment to relax. He’s enraged, not by you, but by your bastard of a boss Hux. He hated Hux more than anything, especially when he got to spend every day with you. See you in your uniform; watch the fabric tighten over your ass as you bent over. Hux liked you too; he wasn’t the only one, but his thoughts seemed to be the most disgusting. “Sweet little Y/N, you always bend over when I ask, I wonder if I could get you to bend you over for my cock as well,” or “I bet I could make you a slut for me Y/N, my perfect little slut, always begging to wrap your lips around my cock,” Hux thought. It was absolutely filthy; he acted like you were his. You were not. You belonged to him! Kylo was shouting again, and you could see that he couldn’t let go whatever was bothering him. “Fucking Hux,” You hear him mutter under his breath. You knew that he didn’t like Hux, begged you to stop working for him, but you couldn’t because it would mean losing the chance of a promotion. “Don’t let him bother you, he’s harmless,” You advise him. “Harmless! You should fucking hear what he’s thinking, it’s not harmless, not harmless the way that he makes you bend to his will!” Kylo shouts. “I do not bend to his will! I’m just doing my job, we can’t all be a Commander!” You defend, and Kylo growls in response. “Hux doesn’t see it as a job, he sees you as a whore! I’m going to fucking kill him, he shouldn’t be able to have you on his arm like this,” Kylo snarls. “Why are you so jealous? Hux is no one but my boss,” You ask boldly. “You’re Mine. I don’t share,” Kylo growls, he’s finally taken on off his helmet. He’s barely set it down before he attacks, shoving you onto the bed. He kisses you savagely, nipping at your lips and drawing blood. His hands are groping you roughly, so hard that it’ll leave bruises later. He tears of your lingerie with ease, not even taking the time to discard them. His pinches your nipple in between his teeth, making it harden with his mouth. His still gloved fingertips rub at your clit, with small quick circles to stimulate your pleasure point. You can tell that he wants to be inside you now, and you’re grateful that he’s always takes the time to prepare you for his huge cock. He’s still fully dressed when he unsheathes his cock, too desperate to deal with all of his layers. You’re just glad that he’s taken off his mask, because it took so long for him to let you see his face, either blindfolding you or fucking you with the mask. Usually he has some filthy words for you, but this time all he can utter are a series of moans and grunts. He slides into you and begins fucking you without giving a second for you to breath, it stings a bit, but it doesn’t take long for it to feel good. You’re pretty used to the size to him by now. His pace is rougher then usual, his rutting against you wildly like an animal. And it’s not long before you reach your orgasm, especially when he’s still rubbing at your clit like that. It takes longer for him, his stamina always beating you, though you didn’t mind having multiple orgasms. It was just so fucking good, the way that his cock filled you, hotly pulsing against your walls. You know he’s about to cum when his movement becomes sloppier. He growls “Mine,” in your ear before groaning from release, staking his claim by sucking hard on your neck. “Kylo! You can’t leave marks like that, not when I have work tomorrow,” You chastise Kylo. You’re worried of what others will think. “Don’t even try to cover it up, I want them to see that you belong to me, that you’re taken, especially Hux,” He orders. Begrudgingly you agree, which leads to an awkward conversation with your boss the next day. “Officer Y/N, what on earth is that on your neck?” Hux demands, and you can sense the anger in his voice. “Oh that, just the mark of my lover,” You smirk at him, masking worry with false confidence. Just beyond the corner, the Commander lingers, relishing in the waves of anger coming from General Hux. Chapter 16 : Ben, your best friend Summary: Request: Can you do 14 from the prompt list (Just please be my best friend right now, not the guy I just confessed my love to.) with triplet!Ben, please? the preference is nsfw but you're the boss, you can do whatever you want). Thank you in advance! <3 You had made it very clear to Ben that you would just be his friend, that you didn’t want be like those other women in his life and that you wanted to get to know him. You never really understood why he accepted your offer, and how he did a complete one-eighty from the flirty sleaze bag of a man that you once knew, but he had quickly transformed into one of the best friends you’d ever had. Ben was reliable, and loyal too. He chose hanging out with you over his usual flavor of the week, he didn’t know it but that in itself was what made you start falling in love with him. When Ben was just himself, without all the fakery that he usually put on for women, he was a pretty nice guy. He could still be an ass sometimes, but you always forgive him because you know that he’s not perfect. Thing is, Ben had started acting pretty fishy as of late. He seemed uncomfortable in your presence, and didn’t blabber on like he used to with you. His silence worried you, his talkative nature was a part of him, and you wondered why he had suddenly stopped wanting to talk and be himself with you. Ben was foolish to think that you wouldn’t notice his behavior, you knew him a lot better than he thought. “Ben, why are you being so weird?” You ask him one day, you’ve been trying to find the root of the problem by questioning him, but usually he’d just make up some excuse and sometimes he’d just leave. It was disheartening that he felt like he couldn’t share with you freely anymore. “Y/N why do you keep asking me all these questions. I’m fine,” He snaps at you. “Maybe I’d stop if you gave me a proper answer, I’m worried about you Ben,” You sigh. “No you’re not, you don’t care. You never care to listen to me about my love life, when all I do is listen to you talk about yours!” Ben blurts out, raising his voice. You’ve never seen him angry with you like this before, it hurt like a bitch. “Well maybe I don’t like to hear about your love life because I love you, so it fucking hurts and I can’t handle it,” You yell back at him. Ben goes silent, his face visibly confused by your words. You couldn’t mean that, it was a trick. You realize the mistake in your words. You had to salvage this. You couldn’t lose your best friend. “Just please be my best friend right now, not the guy I just confessed my love to,” You plead. “I’ve missed you,” You add. You’re about to say something else before Ben shoves you against the wall, silencing your words with his tongue. It’s hungry and needy, and you can feel something hard grinding against you. Arousal blooms, unexpected but welcome. “Ben what? Oh my god!” You say in between kisses. “Fuck Y/N, I love you too, why didn’t you tell me sooner?” Ben demanded. He’s still pressed up against you, hands grabbing at the exposed skin of your rising shirt. “I didn’t think you’d feel the same way,” You replied, running a hand through your hair. Ben laughs at that, “Babe I thought it was pretty damn obvious, I’ve basically loved you ever since I set my eyes on you,” He all but growls. Another wave of arousal washes over you when he calls you Babe, and when he’s finished you kiss him again with great fervor. “I want you Baby, let me make you mine,” He smirks. “Bed, now,” You respond in agreement. Ben hoists you up over his shoulders, carrying you like a potato sack. You were in for a real treat tonight, Ben was famous for being a skilled partner, but all that mattered in the end was that you still had your best friend. Chapter 17 : Grown Ups Summary: May I request 15 + 16 + 46 with modern Kylo please? Thanks in advance :) 1. “Stop pretending you’re okay, cause I know you’re not.” 2. “Just talk to me” 1. “What if I told you I’ve been in love with you since we were kids.” Kylo was a long time acquaintance of yours, the Solo’s where family friends of yours, meaning you were left to spend time with the Solo boys while the adults chattered away. You played with them when you were young, making up games to occupy your time. Kylo followed you around like a lost puppy, giving you little flowers he’d find. It annoyed you as a kid, but you didn’t push him away. It seemed like his brothers weren’t very nice to him, excluding him in their games and making him take the fall for their tricks, so you took it upon yourself to be nice to him. He already thought that you were pretty, so for Kylo your kindness was enough for love to blossom in his heart for you. “Y/N here, I’d thought you’d like this flower!” Kylo presented to you. You stared at it unsure what to do with it, you decided to put it in your hair. “It’s pretty!” You thank him. Kylo beams at you, smile full of pride. “Help me look for bugs?” You ask him, and he excitedly nods yes, you two were sure an unordinary pair of children. You found yourself hanging out more with Kylo as a kid, he was your friend throughout elementary school, and during recess you’d make up stories. Kylo was the Master of the Knights of Ren and you were his queen, sure you ordered him around a lot during your games, but Kylo didn’t seem to mind. “Ren, I need you to take care of the enemy kingdom,” You order, referring to the annoying boys who pulled your hair earlier in the day. “Yes your majesty,” Kylo bowed, playing his role perfectly. He would always protect you from the bad guys. You didn’t see Kylo at school anymore when he left for his Uncle’s private boarding school, it sucked but you found new friends. Even though you still saw each other, you drifted apart from one another. In fact, Kylo started avoiding you, running off or staying at boarding school anytime you’d come for a visit. You didn’t know why, though you never really cared to ask because at this point in your teenage years you had other things to worry about. It wasn’t until the summer after senior year when you saw Kylo again on a family vacation, when he was reminded of all his feelings for you. He was still awkward and lanky, still self conscious of his ears he could never hide under a hat. However, you got past this all with a smile, and your friendship was back on better then ever. Kylo felt something different around you this time; his face would always feel hot, hands clammy, heart pounding against his chest whenever he saw your face. It was like you had transformed into a beautiful young woman over night, and it made him feel weak at the knees. This time his love for you had changed, although as a kid he knew he always wanted to be with you by your side, it couldn’t compare to the intensity of how he felt now. He loved you, still. But it was more than that, more then bringing you little things just so that you’d keep on being nice to him, more then letting you boss him around, the love a passionate man differed greatly from the innocent child. He couldn’t sleep that night, stayed up late thinking about you. That’s when he decided, he’d be your friend again, and this time he wouldn’t let you just drift away. Now it was after college, you two were independent working adults, and Kylo was still your good friend. He had supported you throughout your schooling, throughout your relationships, giving the best advice that he could and sometimes giving you a shoulder to cry on. He had come a long way as well, after working on himself physically and mentally. His body finally caught up to him with weight training and daily workouts, and with his hair almost reaching his shoulders he felt comfortable in his skin. But he still hadn’t shed all of his insecurities, and lately they were beginning to eat him alive. “Kylo, want to come over for dinner? I’m actually cooking for once and as usual I’ll probably make way too much for one person,” You ask Kylo. “Okay,” He replies in a monotone voice. You can tell that something’s up, you hoped that maybe you’d be able to help him, but usually he didn’t tell you much about those things. He left you in the dark even when it seemed like he knew everything about you. Kylo had been questioning your entire relationship lately, wondering if he had made a mistake in becoming your friend again. What if he had just let you be? Would he still feel this way? Would he have been able to ask you out on a date? He didn’t know, and that’s what bothered himself, even worse he had no idea if you would even consider him to be a suitable partner, if he was your type or if you found him attractive. You greeted Kylo, who you could see was deeply thinking about something, though you had no idea about what. You served him up a plate and tried to start a conversation with him, but it seemed like he didn’t have any words to say to you this dinner. Although you didn’t mind spending time in silence with him, you could tell that he wanted to say something but was holding back. “Kylo can you just stop pretending you’re okay, cause I know you’re not.” “I’m fine,” He lies, shutting himself off from you after that. You try and ask him questions to get him to open up, but get nowhere. “Just talk to me!” You plead in desperation. Kylo drops his fork, and sits up straight so he can look you in the eye. He regards you for a moment, eyes scanning your face as if he’s questioning whether or not to give in to your request. Fed up with it all, he makes a rash decision. “Do you really want to know Y/N? Because this could destroy our friendship,” Kylo warns. “I do, our friendship won’t make it if we keep so many secrets anyways,” You justify. “What if I told you I’ve been in love with you since we were kids.” Kylo leans in across the small table, so that his face is just inches away from yours. Your first instinct is to deny it, but you know Kylo wouldn’t lie to you about something as big as this. “But why? How?” You can’t help but ask; you need to hear why. “Y/N, I’ve always felt this way about you. At first it was because you were the only kid who was nice to me, my only friend. Later I came to appreciate you more as the wonderful young woman that you’ve become. I swear you have no idea how beautiful you are,” He smiles, taking a lock of your hair between his fingers and looking at it with admiration. It so sweet that it makes tears spring in your eyes. “You’re crying, I’m sorry I’m being so disgusting.” Kylo moves away, sitting down and looking at his lap in shame. “No, that’s not it!” You get up and move closer to him. “I’ve just, I’ve never had anyone say something like that to me before. Never thought that the most romantic experience in my life would come from my best friend.” Kylo still can’t seem to look you in the eye, but you can see the smile that he’s trying to hide. “I may not love you in the same way, but I do love you, and I want nothing more than to have the chance feel the same way about you, because I know from experience that you’re a really great guy,” You finish. “Y/N that’s more then I could ever ask for,” Kylo smiles. You embrace him in a hug and he quickly reciprocates it, surrounding you in his warmth. It felt right, you couldn’t say that you hadn’t thought of his before, and it was even better then you could’ve expected. Chapter 18 : Exes Summary: Request: 22. and 39. with Kyloo, something SFW Kylo had been gone for a long time, after you broke up in him and moved out of his apartment. He fucked up; he lost you over a stupid fight, you were mad because he had hardly been paying any attention to except for when he wanted something from you. Refusing to be invisible to your own boyfriend, you made your presence clear when you broke up in him. You didn’t even give him a second chance, because you didn’t feel like he could make up for it, you knew how bad he was at apologizing. It was overkill, the way that you just up and left him, only leaving a note saying it’s over behind, but you wanted him to hurt like you did. It sure was effective; Kylo had gone on a warpath of self-destructive activity for weeks after you left before coming to his senses. He couldn’t even stay in his own apartment for a few weeks, breaking down at the simplest reminder of you. He called you so many times, at first not seeing the note he thought you were kidnapped or something. He was dead wrong, not expecting you to just get up and leave him like that. He tried to get you back, but you ignored him and after about the twentieth unanswered call he went silent. He still called you sometimes, surprised that you hadn’t blocked him by now, just to hear your voice messenger. You still had feelings for Kylo, leaving him was the hardest thing you had ever done, but it was necessary because it was getting to the point where being with him hurt more than leaving. You still went back to one of your fights, which was barely a fight because it was like you were talking to a brick wall. “Kylo! It’s 3am where have you been, I’ve been waiting all night,” You scold him. “Work,” was his one worded response. You wanted to talk to him about this, it really bugged you, of course he locked the bathroom door on you and the shower drowned your voice out. “Kylo you’re always working, it feels like we don’t even live together. I shouldn’t feel lonely when I have a boyfriend!” You expressed, deciding to continue talking anyways because you couldn’t bottle it in anymore. “I know you have to work, I know you like to go out and do those Martial arts classes, but sometimes can you just choose me,” You finish. Now you’re crying, and exhausted from staying up late you decide to just go to bed. You fall asleep before Kylo can respond, he heard you and he was listening, what you were saying was breaking his heart. Though when he saw you were asleep he decided not to wake you, lying against you and thinking about what you said. After you left those words tormented him, “Choose me,” especially, it made him want to cry. How could he have let you feel this way? Like you weren’t the most important thing in his life. In a moment of pure desperation, Kylo dialed your number. Maybe he was a little bit drunk this time, but he just needed to hear your voice. This time he actually left a message, “Please come home, I miss you,” he couldn’t help but blurt out. Later he’d regret, for now he’d take another shot. You woke up to Kylo’s message, and something about the tone of his voice made you actually want to go and see him. You still loved him, and a part of you wanted to go back running into his arms. You wouldn’t give it to him that easily, but maybe it was time to give him another chance. This is when you found yourself in front of the door to his apartment, wondering if you had lost or if you were making the right decision. You knocked on his door, taking a breath in preparation. When Kylo looked through the peephole and saw you, he couldn’t hold back the tears. “Y/N, you came back,” Kylo gasped, wrapping his arms around you in a great big hug. “Wait Kylo, I’m not moving in with you or anything, maybe I’ll date you again. But you have to earn it, you really hurt me,” You stop him. “I know, I’m so sorry Y/N. I didn’t deserve you. Please give me a chance to prove myself to you, I just want to have you in my life again,” He begged, getting on his knees in a dramatic display. “Okay Kylo, impress me, make me fall in love with you again,” You agreed. This time he wouldn’t fail and this time he’d finally get the chance to give you that shiny rock that he had kept hidden in his sock drawer from a long time ago. He loved you, and he never wanted you to feel like you were alone again. Chapter 19 : Pretend Friends Summary: Request: “We’re not just friends and you fucking know it.” NSFW Kylo was your best friend; well at least that’s what you told everyone. The truth was a bit more complicated then that. A long time ago, Kylo had told you that he would only be your friend, and that was it. Despite his promise the way that he treated you said otherwise. He took you out to dinner, texted or called almost daily to ask you about your day, he gave you gifts far to expensive to be from a friend, most surprising of all he didn’t shy away from touch like he did with every other human. In fact he embraced it, cuddling with you, putting his arm around your shoulder, kissing your forehead, though it was only in private it meant a lot coming from him. He wasn’t really your friend, but he wouldn’t let call it anything more then that. Basically the only thing that you hadn’t done was had sex with the man. You knew he liked you too, the way he raked over your body was hard to miss, you didn’t mind it though, and it was the biggest turn on. But it was starting to drive you a little crazy, all the sexual tension between you two. It was so thick you could cut it with a knife. “Kylo, admit it, you’re basically my boyfriend at this point, I don’t want to keep on lying to everyone,” You urge. You’re sitting in his lap, his arm secured around your waist like a vice. “Don’t bring that up, Y/N. It’s been such a nice day, we’re just friends, I promise you.” He removes his arm from your waist. “We’re not friends and you fucking know it,” You point at him, after getting off of his lap to face him. Kylo just scoffs in response. “Yeah you can’t even try and deny it, that agreement we had is pretty much null and void. Friends don’t cuddle together, go out to fancy restaurants, give friends extravagant things at random times, I’d never treat a friend like that. I mean the only couple thing that we haven’t done is had sex!” You yell. “I’m leaving Y/N, I’ll talk to you after you’ve calmed down,” He replies. “Walk out that door and we’re through!” You warn. This makes Kylo stop in his tracks; he walks back over to you. “You don’t mean that Y/N, you’re just upset,” He reasons. “Yes I’m upset, and I do mean it. I can’t take it anymore, just tell me honestly how you feel about me, because I want you so much that it hurts,” You tell him truthfully. “So if you walk out that door, it’s over,” You reiterate. In one stride Kylo is just centimeters away from you, he cups your face in his hands and leans in to kiss you. His lips are hot and heavy, hungrily moving against your mouth. “I want you too Y/N,” He breathes. You moaned into his mouth and deepened the kiss. You found yourself back on his lap on the couch, this time straddling him so you could rub against the hardness of his jeans. “Take off that shirt, I want to get a good look at you for once, cause I know you’re always looking at me,” You say, inching up his shirt. He gives in to your request, letting you see his bare muscled chest. You run your hands over his chiseled torso, then lean in to kiss him, paying special attention to his nipples. Kylo grabs you by the hair and gently tugs you away. “Y/N, you’re so fucking naughty, I want to see some more skin,” He demands. You comply, taking off your shirt and bra so that you’re completely nude on top. “So beautiful, god I’ve always wondered what these constrained beauties looked like.” He takes one of your nipples into his mouth, gently sucking at the taut skin. “Kylo,” You whine, which only makes him suck harder. You started grinding harder against his erection, making him buck his hips. “Off,” He growls, hands looped on your pants. He tugs them down, your panties coming off soon after. “Precious little thing, you’re so wet for me,” He coos, hands sliding against your slick covered cunt. He then picks you up, your legs wrapped around your legs, and carries you to your bedroom, plopping you down on the bed. He’s kissing you again, this time softly. His lips start moving downwards, stopping in front of the apex between your thighs. “I just want a little taste sweet girl,” Kylo purrs before diving in. He laps up your wetness, moaning at your taste. “Maybe a bit more, I’m feeling greedy,” He groans. His tongue darts into your hole before moving to swirl over your clit. “Don’t stop,” You whine. “Not until you cum precious,” He laughs, continuing his ministrations with more vigor. It isn’t long before your coming on his tongue, which continues to lap at your folds. “That’s it Y/N, god you taste like perfection. I could eat you all day if you let me.” Kylo kisses your inner thigh. “That sounds amazing, but please I need your cock,” You beg. Kylo curses under his breath. “You always know exactly what to say to me, as you wish princess,” He says as he drives himself into you, fully sheathing himself in your cunt. He only pulls out a few inches each time, not wanting to leave the confines of your warmth for long. But he still moves hard and fast, and it’s building a lovely little fire in your abdomen. Kylo continues to say filthy things throughout, “My precious thing, if I new your cunt would feel this divine I would’ve fucked you a long time ago.” He pulls out more now so that he can fuck you harder; meanwhile he begins feverishly rubbing at your clit. It’s pushing you over the edge, and before you know it Kylo’s making you cum again, this time on his cock. He pulls out and jerks off until he cums all over his fist so that it spills over onto your thighs. He cleans you up before curling up against you. “Y/N I’m sorry. I may not be able to call you my girlfriend because of my line of work, but know that I do see you as one. Just, no one else can know that I’m more then a friend to you,” He explains. “It’s hard for me, but I’ll do it, as long as you don’t call me your friend while we’re alone,” You agree to his terms. “Of course, my sweet Y/N, I won’t pretend how I feel anymore when we’re alone.” He kisses the tip of your nose, smiling down at you. Now you’ve made a new promise about your friendship, a label for you to safely hide behind. He’d protect you as best as he could from his dangerous lifestyle, by keeping you far away from it. Chapter 20 : Birthday Girl Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Birthday Girl Kylo wanting nothing more then to give you the perfect birthday, especially when last year he couldn’t be there due to work. Now he had to make it up for you. Even though you didn’t mind that much, you understood the nature of his demanding job and he still gave you a pretty great gift despite it. As annoying as they could be, he enlisted his brothers to help with the surprise. He was your best friend, so it was his responsibility to take charge of your birthday festivities. Sure maybe he’d do anything to see a smile on your face but he was your best friend. It didn’t mean that he didn’t lay awake at night thinking about you, how shy you’d get when he sang happy birthday to you. He still questioned why you were his friend, he was cold and sarcastic and you were warm and kind. What he didn’t know, what he was too oblivious to see; was that you had a major crush on your best friend. It was impossible not to, he was exactly the type of man that you were most attracted to and you loved everything about him. Kylo was funny, smart, and even though he didn’t talk much everything that he said was interesting and meaningful. Because he wasn’t a huge talker, he was a great listener and he really took the time to understand you as a person. You put a lot of effort into your friendship as well; you knew that you could easily lose Kylo if you didn’t keep up communication even if he was difficult to communicate with. The best thing was finally convincing him to get a snap chat, which allowed you to bring him into your life more (and send him cute selfies). Kylo almost never sent you selfies back, but he always opened them and replied. One time you had straight up asked him whether or not it bothered him to get pictures from you but he said he didn’t mind at all and that you could send as many as you wanted. He tried to play it cool because he didn’t want you to know how much he enjoyed receiving them. “Kylo, why don’t you just take Y/N out to a nice dinner, like a date,” Ben suggests. He can see how much his brother likes you and that you feel the same “That’s a horrible idea, it’d just be awkward,” Kylo rejects Ben’s idea immediately. “I think Ben might be right for one,” Matt pipes in. “What?” Kylo interjects. “Well you probably shouldn’t take her out on her birthday, but you should ask her out on a date,” Matt continues. Kylo shakes his head and waves his hand to brush it off. “Just hear me out, you both like each other it’s plain as day. I know Y/N too, she wouldn’t text you that much unless she really liked you Kylo, but she’s waiting for you to make a move,” Matt explains. “That doesn’t make any sense, she doesn’t like me,” Kylo denies. “Stop denying it, you know it’s true,” Ben urges. “It can’t be,” Kylo whispers. “You better make a move before someone else does,” Ben points out. “What do you mean? What can I do?” Kylo questions. “You can ask her out on a date, but I have a better idea.” And so the plan begins. It’s your birthday now and it’s been pretty good so far, some nice calls from family members, a sweet treat from your work colleagues. But nothing could prepare you for the surprise you had in store this weekend. “Kylo what are you doing here?” “Happy Birthday!” He gives you a hug. “Y/N I have surprise for you, but you need to put on this blindfold,” Kylo directs. You agree and he blindfolds you once you get in the car. “Are you going to tell me anything?” You probe. “Nope.” Is Kylo’s quick reply. You arrive at your destination, though you didn’t know where it was. Kylo guides you out of the car, making sure that you don’t trip or fall. When he finally takes off your blindfold you can see that you’re on a rooftop and all your friends are there. “Happy Birthday!” Comes from a chorus of voices. The rooftop is decorated stylishly, with fine linens and soft white lights, nothing like your average kid’s birthday party. There was a table full of your favorite foods, servers handing out drinks and hor d’oeuvres, a pile of gifts stacked neatly in a corner. “How did you do this all?” You asked Kylo. “I had little help with my brothers coming up with the idea,” Kylo says. “He’s being modest, we may have given him the idea but he did most of the work,” Matt adds. You grin at Kylo and give him a kiss on the cheek. “Thank you so much,” You smile. Kylo would reply but he’s still frozen over the kiss you left on his cheek, you were too sweet. “You deserve it,” Kylo manages to stammer out. “I’d be just as happy with a cake, but this is nice too,” You joke. “Why don’t you show me around?” You hold out your hand, Kylo takes it without a moment’s decision, firmly grasping it within his own hand. He walks you around, pointing out all of the little details that you didn’t notice at first, eventually walking over with you to your friends. “Y/N, this must be Kylo! Are you guys finally dating?” One of your friends asks enthusiastically. You’re about to answer, “Yeah it’s been a long time coming it hasn’t it Y/N?” Kylo asks. “Yeah,” You go along with it, what is he doing? It continues throughout the night, Kylo telling people that you’re his girlfriend, even going so far as to making a backstory for your relationship. “Yeah we just finally realized one day that we both liked each other, and it all started from there,” Kylo explains. You had a feeling that he was trying to tell you something, that he actually liked you. After everyone had left and you had opened your presents you were left alone with Kylo. “Everything you said tonight, are you telling me that you actually like me, or was it all just a game?” You question. “No, I do. I’m just really bad at saying it,” Kylo replies nervously. “Well, then what are you waiting for? Why don’t you kiss me since you’re my boyfriend?” You tease. Kylo leans in without hesitation, kissing you softly on the lips. When he moves back he’s smiling at you. Best birthday yet. Notes: Finally caught up with posting all of my oneshots, hope you guys are enjoying them!