Kylo got to his homeroom and stomped to his seat. He huffed as he sat down. He looked around him and scoffed as he remembered it was Halloween. He crossed his arms and glared at anyone who tried to make conversation with him. Of course these Jesus freaks were wearing the most ridiculous costumes, he’s seen so many angels, and disciples, he even saw someone who he guessed was Jonah - they taped a stuffed whale to their tee shirt… how creative. Weren’t they too old for this shit? “Kylie, you’re not wearing a costume.. What a shame.” Kylo chuckled bitterly at the sound of his boyfriend, his friend? Whatever the fuck he was. “Listen Hugs,” Kylo looked up at Hugs and all of the wonderfully sarcastic remarks that were on the tip of his tongue went away. Hugs had dyed his hair golden this week, and he was wearing a crown of thorns. His pale freckled chest was exposed completely and the only piece of clothing that he was wearing was a simple white piece of fabric that was wrapped around his hips. It was short however, so his long legs were exposed as well. He was wearing sandals and had even gone as far as to attach nails to the palms of his hands. “Jesus Christ.” “Precisely!” Hugs smirked as he sat down next to Kylo. Kylo gulped, he was so turned on that it wasn’t even funny. --- It seemed that throughout the day, Hugs was fixated on making Kylo even hornier, even being around Hugs was too much for Kylo. He couldn’t handle it anymore. During third period Hugs raised his hand and asked to go the bathroom. He gave Kylo a pointed look. Five minutes later Kylo got up. “Where do you think you’re going?” The teacher asked. Kylo answered as he continued walking, “I have to piss,” He ignored the gasps from his classmates. They think that crap is a bad word. Kylo was walking towards the bathroom when a pair of hands shot out of a closet and pulled him in. Kylo yelped and when the door was closed he watched as a pale hand turned pulled on a string. Light suddenly appeared and Kylo peered down at Hugs’ face, unamused. “Not funny Hugs.” “Oh Kylie, you screamed like a girl.” Kylo folded his arms and rolled his eyes. “If you’re just going to make fun of me, I can leave.” Kylo had no intention of leaving, but it was better if Hugs thought that he did. Hugs raised an eyebrow, “You have no intention of leaving this closet at all Kylie, not when you’d much rather have your way with me.” Kylo blushed at how blunt Hugs was. “Don’t think your lustful eyes have gone unnoticed Kylie. You know that lust is a sin? Don’t you?” Hugs stepped impossibly closer to Kylo, and he was forced against the wall of the closet. Kylo gasped as Hugs palmed the growing bulge in his pants. Hugs pinned his body onto Kylo’s and grinded against his. Kylo moaned and palmed Hugs’ ass, trying to get him closer. Hugs threaded both of his hands in Kylo’s hair and pulled on it, pulling him closer to Hugs’ face. Kylo grunted. “You have to be quiet, you sinner? Do you hear me? Do you want someone to find us like this? What’ll they say when they see you like this?” Kylo bit his lip and nodded weakly. Hugs grinned and doubled his efforts in grinding, he wrapped his arms around Kylo’s neck and rolled his hips slowly, feeling every inch of Kylo’s hard dick against his own throbbing one. Kylo harshly kissed Hugs’ neck, he could exactly bite because of his costume. Everyone would see the marks. Hugs whined and pulled back quickly, he threw his costume down and Kylo nearly had a heart attack from what he saw. Hugs was wearing gold underwear with small black crosses all over it. Kylo growled, he grabbed Hugs and flipped them so that Hugs’ back was against the wall. “Eager are we Kylie?” Kylo grunted and pulled Hugs in for what was probably one of the messiest kisses of his life. It was brash and harsh, wet and sloppy. Teeth crashed against each other and tongues brashed against each other. Hugs moaned quietly as he unbuckled Kylo’s pants. He wrapped a hand around precum-soaked dick. Kylo pulled back and hissed, he slid his arms from around Hugs’ waist and slid Hugs’ underwear off. Kylo wrapped his hand around Hugs and watched blissfully as Hugs bit his lip to keep himself quiet. Kylo then slapped Hugs’ hand away from his dick and moved them closer. He wrapped his hand around both of their dicks and they both groaned at the friction. Hugs pulled him closer in order to silent their sounds and Kylo grunted at the warm feeling of Hugs’ tongue. Both boys were close, and Kylo sped up his pace, Hugs pulled back and squinted his eyes shut. “Yes, yes, yes, Kylie faster, Kylie - ah , Kylie!” Hugs bit down on Kylo’s lip as he came. His cum squirted onto Kylo’s hand and his dick. The feeling of Hugs cumming and the sensation of the blood that was now dripping from his lip since Hugs bit him so harshly was more than enough for Kylo. “Ah fuck!” He came and shook against Hugs. Hugs breathed into his open mouth praising him. “You did good Kylie, marvelous.” Kylo sighed, and leaned his forehead against Hugs’. His eyes were still closed so he wasn’t expecting Hugs to kiss him sweetly on the cheek. Kylo’s eyes popped open as Hugs took his hand from around their soft dicks and brought it to his mouth. He licked clean Kylo’s hand and Kylo moaned at the sight. Hugs kissed him, sliding his tongue over Kylo’s so that he could taste themselves. Kylo wrapped his hands around Hugs’ waist pleased with the taste. Hugs pulled back and gave Kylo one last chaste kiss. Hugs slid his underwear back on and wrapped his costume back around himself. “I expect to see you tonight at the harvest festival Kylie.” Kylo groaned and rolled his eyes. “Candy’s not the only treat that’ll be there if you do.” Kylo’s eyes popped open and Hugs smirked as he left the closet. Kylo leaned back against the wall and smiled at how fucked his life had become in just a few months. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the Caged AU series ← Previous Work Part 27 of the Original Huxloween Stories series