Hux does not hear much scuttlebutt, thankfully. People are too smart to gossip in his general vicinity, unless they don’t know he’s there to overhear. He’s aware it’s happening, of course he is. No large group of people living in confined quarters does so without their own sub-culture. It helps them bond, and… it’s normal. Hux remembers his days in the Academy. He’s not entirely inhuman. It does mean he’s a little behind the times, though. There’s injokes and memes and things he only catches as they’ve become too big to really be funny. There’s rampant speculation (including about himself) which he sort of wishes he never knew, but can’t quite help himself from looking up on the intranet. Or Ren. There’s more speculation about him. Anyway. Through the intranet, and voices on the bridge, and things Mitaka lets slip… Hux hears all about this Maintenance guy who seems to have a total boner for Ren. Not surprising. His boyfriend is very buff, and mysterious, and powerful (as well as being an immature brat at times). Hux himself had been… prone to… thinking about Ren before they finally organised themselves into a mutually satisfying arrangement. What is surprising is how everyone suspects this ‘Matt’ has somehow garnered access to the Knight of Ren. He’s a Radar Technician . Why would Kylo Ren lower himself to manual labourers? Especially when he has a General as a lover? One who he swears his loyalty to, on a regular basis? No. It’s this ‘Matt’ creature to blame. He’s clearly a fantasist, who thinks he’s doing things he isn’t. Which means Hux has to send him for reconditioning. He can’t have people thinking Ren would lower himself to fuck the help . It’s just embarrassing. The man’s record is a mess, and Hux can tell something untoward is going on. He tracks him down at the end of his shift one day, and is startled by the tall man in bright colours. His ‘hair’ is blond, and - who even wears corrective lenses in the Order? No one. ‘Matt’ stares at him. Hux has no idea why the hell Kylo has decided to create himself an alter ego. Is he bored? Curious? Is it another one of those ‘you left me for three hours today and I was lonely’ things? “Technician,” Hux snaps. “It’s come to my attention that you are long overdue your regular refresher courses.” “…G-general?” The General would not speak to a lowly Radar Tech. Not like this. ‘Matt’s’ face wobbles over different thoughts, trying to work out what to do. He’s not immediately launched into ‘Kylo’, so does he think his pathetic disguise is working? Sometimes, Kylo can be a cunning strategist. A skilled warrior. A man of sharp wit and sharper tongue. Sometimes, Kylo can be barely more nuanced than a squalling brat. An immature child, stubborn and stuck in his ways. Like now. “It’s also come to my attention that you are labouring under misapprehensions. Your interest in the Knight of Ren has to stop. He is not yours to think about, and you will cease your implications that you are privy to anything about him.” “Uh–” “The Knight belongs to me . A fact you’ll forget, when I fry your brains. He’s mine, and I do not share.” “H-Hux?” But this is too much fun. He leans in, and lets pure venom drip into his tone. “No one sees him unmasked but me . No one touches his beautiful face but me . His chest is mine to break my nails on, his ass mine to fuck three ways to the Outer Rim. It’s my name he screams when he’s allowed to come. It’s me he thinks of, when he’s alone. Hand in his pants, jerking it to thoughts of my face. It’s me who gives him permission to spurt his messy load in the bed. It’s me who fucks him so hard the bed shakes. Not you .” ‘Matt’ tries to rip his wig off, but Hux is faster. He grabs his hands, and pulls them away from his face. “Isn’t that right, Kylo?” he snaps, and twists his hands until the man drops to his knees with a blurry, slack lust over his features. “ Yes, Sir.” “Now I expect my Knight to be naked and in my bed, open and slick, ready to beg for mercy for letting people think he was anyone’s but mine.” “ Yes, Sir .” Hux smirks. Maybe Matt might be useful for things, but only if people don’t suspect he’s ‘stealing’ the General’s boy. That’s a step too far. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 98 of the Kylux - Fluff & Angst series Next Work →