It's late in the evening when Kylo's little fox wakes up, ready to prowl the night like the little hunter he is. Still in his animal body, Hux sits up and stretches, having been napping at the end of Kylo's bed like he always does, flicking his favourite fluffy blue blanket off of his body, though he finds the air in the apartment to be warm. Hopping down from the bed, Hux sniffs, finding a familiar scent tickling his nostrils, a smell that reminds him of his forest home. Trees. Fir, to be exact. Sweet and rich, zesty, fresh. Hux shivers as he trots into the living room, wondering why his home suddenly smells like a forest. To his dismay, he finds a tall, green tree growing in the corner of the room, just beside the couch. It's covered in strange white lights, round balls hanging from its branches. Out of instinct, Hux yips loudly at the intruder, standing defensively, wondering what the stars is going on. " Ssh , Hux," Kylo says, walking back into the room with a large box in his hands. Hux remembers Kylo mentioning something about complaints from his neighbours about the noises his pet dog makes…but Hux needs his voice to be heard. "It's alright. The tree isn't going to hurt you." Kylo chuckles but Hux finds nothing funny about the situation. The lights on the tree begin to flash and Hux growls, bearing his teeth at whatever evil forest spirit is possessing this poor tree. He darts behind the door frame, hiding from it. "Hux, come on," Kylo whines, pulling something out of the box. "Here. It's alright. It's a Christmas tree. Come out. Please." Hux peeks around the door, ears pricked. Kylo is kneeling on the floor, sleeves of his black jumper rolled up, hand outstretched and waiting for his fox to come out. Hux looks at Kylo and then up to the strange tree as he gently steps forward, paws padding quietly on the wooden floor. "That's it," Kylo smiles as his fox slides his head under Kylo's hand, brushing his soft fur against his palm. Softly, Kylo picks Hux up, one arm supporting the fox's rear as they approach the tree. Trying not to dig his claws into Kylo's shoulder, Hux keeps his sharp gaze glued to the flashing monstrosity in front of him, on the strange red and gold shining balls that are dangling from its branches. Hux clicks he teeth in protest, and Kylo hushes him with a gentle rock. "Haven't you ever seen a Christmas tree before?" Kylo asks, and Hux drops his ears. "No, I suppose not. But look, it's just a tree. And this goes at the top." Kylo holds up his free hand and Hux sees a star in his hand, gold and sturdy, glittering in the evening light. Hux watches with eager eyes as Kylo reaches up to the treetop, placing the golden star on the very tip and suddenly the scene is complete; the glistening tree and the lights all around it, shining like the very stars that give Hux comfort in a world that he feels like he doesn't belong in. "See? Not scary," Kylo says and Hux nuzzles his head against the underside of his human's jaw, feeling a fresh excitement rushing through his body that he hasn't felt since he was a pup. /////////// With the change in the weather, Kylo has bought Hux clothes to wear to keep him warm against the cold. So Hux, in his human body, sits on the window seat of Kylo's apartment, green jumper and grey baggy pants, staring out of the window at the bustling people below. His tail wafts gently behind him, Kylo being kind enough to cut a hole in the back of his new pants so his bushy tail is free. He pulls his grey socks up a little higher up his calves, trying to keep warm. He supposes that staying in his true animal body would make more sense, but he’s finding himself wanting to human more often, to be by Kylo’s side, to appear as his partner and not just his pet. But Hux thankful that Kylo's apartment is high up so he can watch both the busy street below and the sparkles appear in the sky at night. He misses his forest home but he’s happy here, with Kylo, moreso than he knows he would be alone in his damp den in the trunk of a tree. Feeling nostalgic about his old home, Hux stands from the window seat and strolls into the living room, feeling comforted by having the shining tree with him, like a piece of his old home is in his new one. He inhales, taking in the fresh scent of the fir tree, leaning forwards until the tip of his nose hits one of the shining balls on the branch. Hux hums with curiosity, seeing his own reflection in the little thing. Gently, he lifts his hand, touching it with his fingertip, pushing it so it swings gracefully, watching its gleaming surface reflect the tree lights. He smiles. Looking down to the brightly coloured boxes under the tree, Hux drops to his knees, tail wagging. Kylo has told him on four separate occasions to ‘ leave the presents alone, you mischievous fox’ but Hux has never been one for listening to what his Ren wants. He decides to lie flat on his stomach, ears drooped to not graze the low branches of the tree, though he apologises to it when it accidentally hits one of the braches with his excited tail. “Just a little more,” he says aloud to himself. He pushes himself towards the newest box under the tree, wrapped in green and red patterned paper with a silver bow on top. It’s relatively small, and there’s a scent that Hux picks up when he presses his talented nose to its lid. “Peanuts,” he grins, recognising the faint smell of his favourite treats. But before he can tear it open, the sound of Kylo coming home makes Hux's fox ears prick and he's off the floor quickly, dashing to the door, tail wagging. Kylo's black coat is covered in snowflakes, as is his dark hair, a light blush on his cheeks from the cold December breeze. "What's in the bag?" Hux asks, looking down into the large brown paper bag held protectively in Kylo’s gloved hands. “ Ah! Nothing for your eyes,” Kylo replies, smirking, before hurrying away into the bedroom, bags rustling. Hux huffs. “I haven’t seen you all day and the first thing you do is hide something from me?” Hux’s ears droop sadly as he settles down on the couch, bringing his knees up to his chest, folding his arms frustrated. Despite him adoring the flashing lights of the tree, Hux’s mood remains deflated. “I’ve told you, Hux. It’s Christmas,” Kylo shouts back from the bedroom, emerging in his casual, comfortable clothing. He plops himself down on the couch next to the fox, kissing his cheek. Hux doesn’t flinch. “That doesn’t mean anything,” Hux mutters. “You’ve told me that this so-called Christmas means bringing the forest into your house and decorating it with bright lights and sparkly balls called baubles. Then you buy each other presents but they can’t open them until the morning of the day boringly called Christmas Day where everyone pretends that a fat, bearded man has broken into your home and left them for you, which seems utterly bizarre because I had a badger problem in my last home and I certainly didn’t thank them for the presents they left me.” Kylo laughs. “I’m serious , Ren.” “I know. Your tail stays perfectly still when you’re angry,” Kylo says, gesturing with his head to Hux’s bushy tail. Hux whimpers, burying his head in his arms. “I don’t understand. ” Kylo tuts, but scratches gently behind one of the fox’s ears, fingertips brushing against the soft orange fur. “Trust me, Hux. Christmas is good. It’s a happy time. It’s just… new to you.” Hux doesn’t answer, only sighs. “Hang on one second,” Kylo says, standing up and jogging to the kitchen, bringing back a red and white striped box, a sweet scent filling the air that makes Hux look up. Kylo opens the lid, and the fresh smell of warm cookies emerges from the box, scent rising up like a ghostly hand to tickle the underside of the fox’s nose. “I know this is a lot for you to handle,” Kylo says, offering the box for Hux to take one. “But I’m so happy, Hux. Having you around…makes my days brighter.” Hux runs his tongue across his teeth before leaning over to kiss Kylo, taking his human’s lips up with his own, moving passionately. Absently, Hux moves his hand into the box, taking two cookies from inside, breaking the kiss quickly so he’s able to take a bite. Kylo notices, and chuckles. “And I forgot to mention, Santa Claus doesn’t bring presents to naughty foxes,” Kylo says, watching Hux’s face drop and his ears droop. “What? How does he know if I’ve been bad or good?” Kylo leans in slowly, eyebrows raised, licking some of the sugar dusting from Hux’s bottom lip. “Trust me,” Kylo whispers, moving his hand to cup Hux’s blushing cheek. “ He knows.” Notes: Thank you for reading! My tumblr is @solohux ❤️