Rey could feel his eyes on her from where he sat, leaning against the pillar opposite where she was tied. She flushed under his gaze, though her eyes remained stubbornly fixed on his own. She struggled against the ropes that bound her to the pillar at her back. The rope burned against her skin. “Release me.” She didn't recognize the hoarse voice that echoed back to her in the cavernous room. He didn't move, didn't smile. Didn't blink. “It will only get worse from here, Rey. It's better if you stay as you are.” She growled low in her chest, the sound turning her into a burning, feral thing. He stilled completely at the sound, the pupils of his dark eyes blown wide as he watched her. “Better for me? Or for you?” she growled. “Better for all of us, desert rat.” Her eyes whipped from Kylo to the other man who was appearing through the thick vines hanging from the caved in ceiling. Her temper flared. She recognized him immediately from the telling red hair to his hard eyes. It was that general, Hux. The fanatic with the cruel smile. She wanted to hit him. “Careful my girl, you're not in a position to be reckless.” he said, eyes blatantly sweeping down her soaked clothes and her red face as if he saw straight through her. The taunt rolled off his tongue in a caress, his low baritone wrapping around her, making the poison working its way through her system sing. She bared her teeth defiantly but couldn't stop the moan that escaped her lips, dry from breathing too hard and a heart that beat too fast. She shut her eyes, shrinking in on herself, ignoring the two men across from her. Kylo’s eyes were also shut, but he was still very much aware. His hands clenched into fists where they rested on his outstretched legs as he attempted to meditate. He slowed his breathing, deepening his air flow until it was like he wasn't breathing at all. “Why is this not affecting you like it is me?” she bit out. She felt like she was on fire. The fact that the two men remained calm while she was losing her mind was maddening. They had all ingested the poison hidden in the guise of a pretty flower. The pollen was in the very air they breathed, it rested atop the damned pond they had fallen into like a red cloud across the water's surface. But no, there they were, Kylo a living statue of serenity, barely breathing. And insufferable Hux, arms crossed with a smug smile as he failed to hide the glee in his voice. “Because you are weak. You lack control. We have years on you.” Hux replied, sinking gracefully to the floor beside Kylo whose eyes remained shut, breath coming evenly. Hux played at the comm attached to his wrist, trying to get the signal that would save him and Kylo and most likely lead her into a cell on whichever new monstrous base they had built. She silently thanked whatever force made this damned temple a dead zone for technology. But still, she couldn't understand why the two men were so calm. It was a little unnerving to be honest, something strange. Rey was both strong in body and mind and yet this poison raged through her system, turning her into a right mess. It frustrated her beyond reason. She couldn't even hear her own thoughts over her heaving breaths, couldn't focus past every miniscule brush of air and fiber against her skin. The cool stone of the column at her back, the rivulets running from her wet hair down her shoulders and arms like fingertips, the constant stick and pull of her soaked clothes against overheated skin. She felt raw, like an open wound. Everything was too much and not nearly enough. She glared at them, livid and hurting. She shouldn't have cared that they paid her no mind, should've been grateful that they let her be. But she wasn't. Not at all. She wanted Kylo Ren and Brendol Hux to be just as undone as she was. Rey didn't know why she did what she did. In normal circumstances, goading Kylo Ren was already a bad idea. And these were far beyond normal circumstances. She stared directly at his closed eyes, sent daggers at the top of the General’s red hair as he bent over his stupid communicator. She willed them to look at her. Acknowledge her in some way. They didn’t. She screamed. “Ben!” That godforsaken syllable rang through the rafters like a hollow prayer. Or a battle cry. In one fluid motion, before she could even blink he stood before her at his full fury, his jagged saber poised at her throat, casting that ominous red glow between them. His other arm was extended above her head, leaning heavily against the pillar behind her. With him this close she could see the length of his calm dissipate right before her eyes. She couldn't stop that little pinprick of something hidden deep within that suddenly grew and bled across her soul like ink on silk. It was a kiss of something dark that rose up, pushed along by the poison, making her uninhibited and entirely unapologetic. It took pleasure at the snarl on his wide mouth, inches from her own- reared up in delight at his dark eyes, boring into her own, barely a sliver of brown hidden behind dilated black. His breath that had been so very even a second before was coming to him in gasps. She could see the battle within himself, could feel the tug of emotions as if they were her own. He was fighting to reign in the heat, to be calm once more. “You’re playing with fire, Rey. Stop while you can.” She didn't know what surprised her more. How the quiet of his words bellied the rage in his eyes, or how soft her name sounded on his tongue. Her own heat rose, and another door opened itself, showing her a different way to get what she wanted. Rey was a smart girl, always had been. She was cautious and thought very closely before acting in anything. There was a first for everything, it seemed. She lunged forward, lips crashing into his with no qualms, no expectation and definitely no clear thought in sight. Only Kylo's impeccable reflexes kept his blade from her throat as he quickly disabled the blade with a flick of his thumb, hilt falling from his fingers harmlessly as he fell on her like he was made for nothing else. Perhaps in this moment he wasn't. And neither was she. Rey kissed him back just as hard, all clashing teeth and twisting tongues until their lips were raw and wet. His body was hard against her, pinning her to the stone at her back, massive body almost squeezing the air from her. She pulled away, gasping. Kylo’s head dipped, mouth devouring the soft skin of her neck and shoulders. She groaned at every kiss, whimpered at the hard bites. Bound as she was, she could do nothing but move her head and that's when she remembered the other man in the room. She looked straight ahead, over Kylo's dark head and met Hux’s glass green eyes headlong. He was standing in the space Kylo had vacated, leaning stiffly with his back pressed to the stone pillar across from hers, almost mirroring her position minus the rope. He was quiet, eyes staring almost blankly at them, unfocused. But she could see the dilated pupils of his faraway gaze, the way his hands had clenched into fists, almost crashing at the pillar at his sides. His lips were parted with quick breaths, pale skin tinged red. She had affected him too it seemed, and once again that lustful thing residing in her hummed in pleasure. She called out to him, her voice a willowy whisper that carried the promise of something else. “No one has to know. I can keep a secret if you can. I know you want this as much as I do.” Her voice was quiet but clear. She didn't deny her admission, in fact she watched him, willing him to come to her. And he did, on slow measured steps Hux came like a moth to the searing flame. Kylo had stilled at her neck, leaving the bruised trail he was making and pressed his lips to her ear. “You know why it affects you so much, don't you? Why it makes you burn and scream? Why it brings out the monsters beneath your flesh?” Rey shivered at his heated words. His big hands trailed down her form, sliding across sensitive skin beneath wet clothes. He palmed her nipples which had peaked, straining against the thin, coarse fabric of her top. Her hair had fallen in places, long dark tendrils sticking to her neck and coiling around her shoulders. Hux's cool hands came up, fingers trailing her skin as he stopped before her. He picked up where Kylo's words trailed off. “Maiden’s Blood works best on virgins. That's where it gets it's namesake. Those are the shards you feel in your veins.” His fingers stroked her face, thumb pressing into the plump meat of her bottom lip. Her tongue snaked out, tasting the tips of his finger. He smiled. “Knowing that, do you still wish to play?” Rey's eyes looked back and forth between the two men before her. Maybe later she would blame the poison but right now all she wanted was to be between them. “Untie me.” Hux and Kylo smiled.