Memories and Morning Routines Serenity, that’s what you felt in this moment. You stood on a chair you’d dragged onto the balcony in order to see the lake below. You wondered for a moment if you were ever going to get tall, what age did people stop growing? You couldn’t remember, maybe you should start paying more attention to your tutor, you mused to yourself, but only for a moment. Today was your eleventh birthday and you where not going to sully it by thinking of schoolwork. Staring out at the beautiful Naboo landscape, you praised the heavens that you had been lucky enough to be born on the best planet in the universe. You couldn’t imagine living somewhere else, this was your home, there could be nowhere better. Speaking of home, your mother should have been back by now, you where waiting for her to finish her work at the Senate Embassy before you properly celebrated, plus she had promised you a special gift, and you being the ever impatient child had started to get tetchy, which was why you had decided to come out to the balcony. Watching the Naboo wildlife at play always brought peace to you. You watched in glee as the wind blew through your hair and a pair or birds danced together in the sky, you mind instantly thought they where a couple, you didn’t know why, maybe it was the way they moved together or maybe you where, despite your young age, a romantic at heart. You smiled as you watched them, sunlight shining magnificently off their iridescent feathers, like exquisite multi-coloured fire being painted across the sky. For a brief moment, you felt jealousy, how would it feel to be able to go anywhere you wanted, do whatever you could, be exactly what you where meant to be and all with the one you loved? It’s not that your life was terrible, in fact you lived in a somewhat peaceful splendor, with your stately home built directly into the mountains and with direct access to the lake, your mother also made sure you wanted for naught, you had the best of everything, the best tutors, the best clothes, the best toys, it was obvious that your mother loved you and you loved her. You where happy with your life. Mostly. They thought you didn’t hear them whisper, the people who worked in your house, the cleaners, the cooks, even your personal nanny. They liked to gossip, they smiled to your face and then when your back was turned so did they. At first you didn’t know what they where talking about, but then they mentioned your mothers name, they called her things you dare not repeat, they called her a traitor to the New Republic and laughed at her. Then you heard another name, your fathers name, a man you had met only a few times, the meetings had been brief and unremarkable, and above all else always taken place off Naboo. The words they spat about your father where somehow even more harsh than the ones they used for your mother, then they called him something new, ‘Empire Filth.’ Shaking your head to clear the negative memories away, you watched as the lovebirds flew away, and your peace once again returned. But the thing about peace is, it never seems to last. It was like lightning struck through you very core, burning your insides, making your body silently convulse in pain. You fell from the chair, landing on the cold hard floor, desperately clutching your head as it threatened to break open. The staff ran to you after hearing the fall, they called your name, frantically asking if you where okay. You couldn’t hear them though, you could only hear screaming, however it wasn’t your voice, it was many different voices all desperately crying for help, but what terrified you the most, was that amongst the screaming voices, the loudest one of all was your mothers. She was petrified and begging, pleading for her life. Desperate and terrified. And then all of the voices, including your mothers, where silenced. You faintly heard another staff member run over to the others and say “The Senate Embassy…it’s been attacked.” - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Bzzzza Bzzzza Bzzzzza your alarm was ringing loudly telling you to get out of bed. Normally you would roll over on your side and block it out, trying to squeeze in a few more minutes of sleep. But that dream, no, that memory of your past had ripped you out of slumber much earlier than your alarm had. As the alarm kept blaring you sighed, rolling out of bed and taking the few short steps to you desk, where your holopad was charging. You silenced the alarm, finally ridding the room of the electronic buzz. You looked at the time, and to your dismay you still had two hours before you had to be at your station. At least you’d be at work on time today. Stretching you moved over to your window and opened the blinds. Taking in the snowy view. In your dream you couldn’t imagine a more beautiful view than the one from your old home, but this view, this was a view you adored. Having never seen snow before coming to the Starkiller Base, it had taken you aback at first, you couldn’t believe anything could be that white or that cold. Brilliant white snow painted the entirety of the surface, making it look like an untouched canvas ready and waiting for an artist to claim it. Every light, be it natural or man made reflected off the snow, so even in the dark the base hauntingly glowed. Whilst mountains and vast empty plains where the views many other inhabitants got, yours was of the largest forest the base had to offer. It was picturesque to say the least, it reminded you of a mystical land from stories your mother told you when you where a child. Stories you heard again when you looked through your window, stories you lived when you walked through the forest in your spare time. You just wished you could share your stories with someone else. Other members of the First Order where not so keen of the ludicrous tales of make believe you often enjoyed. You moved yourself away from the window, because you would spend the extra time you had this morning staring peacefully out the window if you didn’t. Entering the bathroom you moved sluggishly to the mirror, you where not a morning person in any sense of the word. You looked at your still sleepy reflection, chuckling silently to yourself, you had a serious case of bed head, once again you praised the nightmare for waking you up early. You wouldn’t have had the time to fix this birds nest you called hair if you had followed your normal routine of ignoring the alarm and sleeping for another hour. And the Head of Admin and HR could definitely not show up to work looking like she’d been dragged through a hedge backwards. You turned the shower on, ridding yourself of your sweat covered sleep wear, making a mental note to send them to the laundry department, that nightmarish memory from ten years ago had really struck a nerve with you. You entered the sleek black shower and let the hot water cascade over you. Thinking about that day made you wonder if people ever got over loosing a loved one...Maybe. But then how many people actually felt their loved one die-ing inside their own head, not to mention a building full people. Your mind then went to your father, General l/n, and what would have happened if he hadn’t come for you after the terrorist attack on Naboo. You took your time in the shower, using your favourite scented soaps you had gotten on a trip to Coruscant, you washed away the negativity of the past, whilst also remembering to thoroughly clean your hair, getting the knots out was like a mission in itself, a mission that you gladly tackled and won, leaving your hair smooth and clean. Maybe today you would actually look like a high ranking member of the First Order. Refreshed and calmed you looked once more at your holopad, you still had an hour and a half to get to work. You smiled to yourself, ‘I can get breakfast today’. Breakfast for you was a rarity, you often had to stash snacks in your office lest your coworkers deal with a hangry y/n . You got dressed in you standard issue Lieutenant’s uniform. However you left off your jacket and boots. There was still one more thing you had to do before breakfast and before work. Throwing down your desk chair pillow onto the middle of your rooms floor, you pulled out a few old candles, placing them in front of the pillow, they weren’t necessary for what you where about to do, but they helped, you found they relaxed and calmed you, which in turn helped your concentration. Finally you checked you door, making sure it was still locked, you knew it would be, but you couldn’t afford to risk it. If anyone caught you, you’d be dead. This was just something you had to do, it kept you safe, hidden. You couldn’t have anyone know that you were a Force Sensitive on the Starkiller Base. Double checking the locks again, you returned to the center of the room and sat down, cross legged, hands placed palms up on your knees, you had done this a million times, but it always made you nervous. You where about to fortify your walls, reconstruct your small bubble that kept you separate and hidden from the force. It took an hour of intense meditation every single day to keep the force and all it’s users out, you had to go inside yourself and build that wall up again, brick by brick, every . single . day . You would have complained if it wasn’t keeping you alive. And that is where the fear came in, in the hour when you where building the shield up again, you where vulnerable. Instead of being invisible you where now standing in a crowd of identically dressed people praying you didn’t do anything to be noticed. Praying he didn’t find you. Shivering for a moment as you thought of Commander Kylo Ren bursting through the door to your room, screaming in anger, yelling about traitors, impaling you with his nightmare of a lightsaber. Your fear caused the candles in front of you to go out. You caught yourself quickly, regaining your calm as best you could, another incident like that would be like blaring an alarm directly into Kylo’s face. Or worse Snokes. ‘Breathe, you are fine, you are safe.’ You thought to yourself, returning to your meditation, you continued to build the wall back up with more determination and concentration then you ever had before. Chapter 2 : A Visit From An Old Friend You rushed down the corridor, frantically trying to put your hair up in a neat, First Order sanctioned, bun, whilst also trying your best not to bump into the people in the corridors, the last thing you needed was to run head first into another officer, or a group of Stormtroopers. You where now twenty-five minutes late to work, your loss of control during meditation had made it difficult to complete, and thus you where more behind schedule then you had ever been before. You kept thinking about how your fear had caused the candles to extinguish, you made a point to never use the Force lest you alert a certain Knight of Ren to your presence, so you never truly new what you where capable of doing before today. It made you curious, but once again your mind thought of what Kylo would do to you if he found you out, what tortures he could inflict on your mind and body by his sheer will alone, that daunting violent red lightsaber ending your life with a quick, painful strike. This morning had amplified your fear for the masked Commander tenfold, making you thank the maker for the fact that you had never once been alone in the same room as him. To tell the truth you where only ever in the same vicinity as him when it was a base wide mandatory event, like at one of Hux’s overblown ‘inspirational’ speeches. Every other time a situation arose that would result in you being in the same room as him you made sure to order someone else in your department to do it. You knew it was an abuse of your power as Head of Admin and HR, and you did feel immensely sorry for the workers you sent straight into the lion’s den, but it made you feel safe knowing that you had the power to avoid him, be it with your wall or your changing of the staff schedules. It was a solid plan, one that had been working for the entirety of your time on the Starkiller Base, and you had lived here since it’s completion. You suddenly chuckled to yourself, thinking that if this was a game of Hide and Seek you would be the undefeated champion…as long as you kept being the one hiding. This moment of levity brought your calm and focus back, putting the darkness this morning had brought behind you, you continued on, your head held high, confident in the fact that you where winning this game that Kylo Ren wasn’t even aware he was playing. From this moment on, today would be a good, quiet, uneventful day…but not until after you walked head first into a stormstrooper and almost breaking your holopad in the process. “Oh my gosh, I am so sorry.” You apologized to the soldier whilst regaining your composure. You hoped they weren’t mad at you, some troopers on the base had been known for their tempers. But you couldn’t tell. They where, after all, wearing a helmet. “No, no it’s all right…I wasn’t concentrating on where I was going.” He somewhat sheepishly replied. His body language becoming uncomfortable. Despite him being the victim of the head on collision, he seemed nervous. “Hay, that’s my line.” You giggled in response, hoping to lighten the mood. Instantly his posture became lighter, and it dawned on you he was probably worried about angering you, after all you where a high ranking officer of the First Order and he was just a stormtrooper. Your smiled widened at the realization that you where both scared of pissing the other off. “But really, I am sorry for bumping into you, I hope I didn’t hurt you….uh…” You continued. “FN-2187. And no you didn’t…at least now I can report that this armour works.” He joked whilst knocking on the chest plate of his uniform. “Phasma will be pleased.” You laughed. You liked FN-2187, from his the sound of his voice you could tell he was very similar in age to you, he was probably quite new to being deployed on this base, probably hadn’t even seen his first battle and his joking with you made you feel like he was a nice person, probably someone you’d get along with outside of work. “Phasma! Damn it! I’m gonna be late for this mornings briefing…I’m sorry, I’ve got to…” He started quickly, clearly flustered. You knew Phasma, and you knew how much she hated being kept waiting. If FN-2187 was branded as a latecomer this early in his career it would surely dampen his future prospects within the Order. “No please by all means go, I know she has severe punishments for late troopers.” You stepped out of the way, letting him past. He started down the corridor with a brisk jog, before turning back to you. “It was nice to meet you Lieutenant.” He waved. “L/n. Y/n l/n. And nice to meet you too FN-2187.” You waved back, smiling once more to yourself as you watched him run away, before realizing once again that you too where in fact offensively late for work. “Oh Kriff!” You yelled before also running down the corridor, ignoring the faces other workers where giving you because of your loud profanity, and making doubly sure not to run into any more distractions. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - You finally made it to your office thirty minutes later than expected, you told yourself that all of the misfortunes this morning was a test of your resolve, and it was all worth it after making a potential new friend. You would have to make sure to meet up with FN-2187 sometime, get to know him better. It couldn’t hurt to have more friends on the base. Maybe you’d eventually find one you shared your interest in books that weren’t from the non-fiction section of the library. You walked through your department, proud of the fact that everyone who was supposed to be there was there. Even if you couldn't be the perfect First Order Lieutenant, you knew that your workers where. You couldn't help but feel like your department was the best that Starkiller had to offer, but then again, every department head probably thought that. As you walked through a spattering of “Good morning” and “Oversleep again?” was a pleasant hum as you made your way to your office. Luckily for you, no-one was waiting outside your office, unlike last time you where late. You cringed at the memory, of you running up to your office with a line of people all waiting you see you. You remember coming up with the excuse that you had dropped your holopad out a window. You hated having to lie about why you where behind schedule, it always felt so cheap and dirty, like you where in the wrong. It didn’t help that your excuses where always very poor. In fact your inability to come up with a plausible lie on the spot had caused the people you where telling it to, to come to conclusion that you where sleeping with someone on the base and where trying to hide it. You would have been fine with it, if only they hadn’t decided that the most logical candidate for your secret lover was General Hux. It had made every time he had come to your department very awkward, the winks, giggles and smiles that your co-workers thought you didn’t see where enough to make you want to jump straight into the base's core. The rumor wasn’t helped by the fact that Armitage Hux was an old family acquaintance, his father and yours served together in the Empire long ago, they considered the other to be their blood brother and after your father took you in, Hux would often get saddled with looking after you, much to his dismay. Surprisingly though, after a while a bond of sorts did form between the two of you, Hux never once tried to rid himself of your company, something he had done so coldly to others who had tried to get close to him and now that your father was gone, Hux was the closest thing you had to family. So the idea of being sexually involved with him was ludicrous to say the least. The only reason you let the rumours permeate was so you could keep your secret safe. You just hoped Hux didn't know about them. Settling down behind your desk, you hooked your holopad into the main computer and pulled up your schedule. Thankfully it seemed like today would be quiet, there was no mandatory staff meetings, no special requests from higher ups, no messages from your workers calling in sick. It looked like another day behind your desk doing paperwork and responding to messages. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - You where halfway through a response to Lieutenant Colonel Zach about his sectors issues when a knock came from your door. You flipped open the security camera to see who the visitor was. The flash of bright orange hair was enough to tell you exactly who it was. You wondered for a moment if your thinking about him too much had subconsciously called him to you, before shaking your head in dismissal and pressing the button to let Hux in. Hux strode confidently into your office, the expression on his face told you that this wasn’t a random social call he was here for business. This confused you greatly, you where absolutely sure that you didn’t have a meeting or job scheduled with him today, and he had never once decided to, on a whim, come and see you at work. To him work and social lives where to be kept separate. You could think of no reason for him to be here. Looking at his expression once more, you realized it wasn’t just his business face, it was the expression he pulled when something didn’t go his way. Something had happened this morning, and Hux wasn’t happy about it. “General Hux? What’s wrong?” You inquired as he finally came to stand in front of you. He wasn’t one for sitting down in another's office, he felt it belittled him, and took away his authority. Even in front of you, he refused to seem weak. “Lieutenant l/n I need access to employee housing records.” Hux instructed with a monotone voice whilst mindlessly looking through some files you had on your desk. “What why?” You asked perplexed, you didn’t understand why he would need access to everyones sleeping arrangements. Your question caused Hux to focus on you again, he quirked an eyebrow in annoyance at you. “Because I asked for them Lieutenant.” He hated being questioned, you knew this, and you knew that his position of General gave him clearance to look into those files, but it felt invasive to you, and slightly creepy. He must have a important reason you thought to yourself. Sighing you turned your attention back the the computer. You put your current work to the side and pulled up the Base Employee Database. Every single piece of information the First Order had about it’s Starkiller workers was in the database, including yours and Hux’s. “Okay got it.” You affirmed once the housing files where up. Hux swiftly joined you behind your desk, leaning slightly forward to read the files. “Is it a specific employee you need or just everyones living situations?” There was alot of housing files to go through. You where sure if he asked for all of the files it would take the entire day to transfer over to his personal holopad. “I need everyone who lives in LS-203.” He answered, batting your hand away from the computer and finding the file himself, his eyes started scanning the file. You however went cold. Turning your head away from the screen you looked at Hux. “LS-203? That’s one of the Lieutenant's sections…that’s my section Hux.” Concern coated your voice, you where unsettled by this invasion of privacy before, but now it was your privacy. Your home. “What do you need the Lieutenants for?” You asked. Hux must have heard the concern in your voice, and he turned his gaze to you in response. “I don’t.” He replied. Fear was starting to seep into your veins. Hux was the highest ranking person on the ship, if he didn’t want the information why would he be here. Better yet, who could convince him to get the information for them? “Wha…” You started to ask, Hux however cut you off before you could even finish the word. “The information, it is to be given to Kylo Ren.” Hux turns his gaze once more to the screen, quickly gathering all the data he needs, and starts sending it to his holopad. “W…why…why would he need that information?” You felt as if the room was filling with water rapidly, it was enveloping you, threatening to drown you right then and there. “He felt a disturbance in the Force this morning…originating from LS-203.” Hux doesn’t see the blood drain from your face or you white knuckling your chair. He’s too busy with the data he’s ripping from your computer, he’s too busy digging your grave. A ding rings out like a thunderclap in the silent room, signifying that the files have been sent successfully. He promptly disconnects his holopad from the desk thanking you for your cooperation, you think he tells you not to worry, that it’s probably nothing, but you can’t be sure, you’re too numb to process his words right now. You had fucked up. Kylo Ren was coming. Now you had to fortify your walls, because an attack was imminent. Chapter 3 : Preparing for War You sat silently in your desk chair, with your hands desperately clasping at your head. Panic mixed with dread, that was all you could feel at this point in time. It was like the whole galaxy had stopped moving, and you where now frozen. It is said that before you die your whole life flashes before your very eyes. Days long since past return to you like an old friend, reminding you of your warmest, happiest moments. The people you loved and lost all returning once more, surrounding you in a comforting blanket of bliss, all whilst guiding you, helping you make that most important of crossings easier. You would have welcomed that right now, the visage of your mother and father smiling at you again, telling you not to worry, that they where here for you and always had been, and finally you where all going to be a family. But no, there was no flashing record of your life to calm your nerves, no familial warmth to ease your burden, there was no light ushering you into paradise. There was just you, sat behind your desk, stunned and silent. Wondering what you where going to do, wondering if there was anything you could do. For the first time ever you thought about the ramifications of your deception. Not the personal ones that would effect you, you quite often thought of those, in fact they often kept you up at night. No this time you thought of what your secret being revealed would do to the people you cared about. And how your life ending could possibly mean the same for them as well. Everyone in your department, anyone who would call you their boss, people with whom you had worked with for as long as you had been here, they would be brought into suspicion. Every order they had taken from you would be brought into question over the authenticity of it, the First Order would examine your instructions meticulously, trying to find any secret hidden messages, any hints that the Force could have been used to make them do things they shouldn’t do. They would all be branded traitors and pariahs if any orders where found to be untrustworthy. And that would be the best possible outcome for them. Next to be put under the First Orders suspicion would be your friends around base, though you could only name a few, they would most definitely be forcefully detained, questioned relentlessly about their relationship with you and what other secrets you could have been keeping, they would be tortured until they gave you up, and then tortured some more when they pleaded their innocence and ignorance, begging the higher ups that they didn’t know you were Force Sensitive. Of course they would all be telling the truth when they said they didn’t know, but that wouldn’t matter to the First Order. Their association with you would surely blacken their names, and quite possibly cost them their lives. But worst of all, the one who would suffer the most because of your secret, would be Armitage. After all he was your oldest and closest friend, you treated him as family, and him vise-versa. Having the truth exposed would ruin him. In every sense of the word. Not only would his connection to a Force Sensitive call into question the legitimacy of his rising through the ranks, possibly causing him to loose his position as General, until he could prove otherwise, he like everyone else would be under suspicion of being a traitor to the First Order. It killed you to think about Hux loosing his power, you knew how much effort he had put into becoming the General. The countless hours he had spent studying every single subject he found to be useful, the days he had spent hauled up in his room desperately trying to memorize old Empire strategies and improve upon them, the result of which would cause him to forget to eat or even sleep. You remember how hard it was for him to get the older members of the First Order to take him seriously, to stop treating him like little Hux jr, to make them see that he was the future of the First Order, that he was something to be respected and feared, and above all else obeyed. He absolutely made sure the First Order new how important he was to the cause, and how much they needed him. This eased your conscious a little, you knew that if the worst where to happen, Hux wouldn’t be executed, he was too valuable to the First Order. But then what would the rest of the higher ups make him do in repentance, once you where found out? This was one of the main reasons you had never told him your secret, you knew from experience how much he despised traitors. You feared him turning on you, branding you an enemy of the First Order, and calling for your head. You knew if it was a choice between his position and you, the First Order would win out, despite your history and whatever meaning you held in each others lives. The First Order was his life, you where just someone who happened to be in it. You knew Hux wouldn’t class your secret as one of your many y/n-isms, he wouldn’t sigh and roll with it, like that time you got him a cat for his birthday. No, he would hate you with every fiber of his being, you would become less than dirt to him, nothing but scum to be disposed of and if given the option he would see to your execution himself. A death sentence from Hux would hurt much more than anything Kylo Ren could do to you. But then of course, there was the reverse side of the coin. You had thought so much about what would happen if you where branded a traitor, that you never stopped to wonder what would happen to your life if the Order decided you where useful. Your back straightened in your chair, tense hands letting go of your hair, as this new possible future started to play out in your mind. Of course you would still be detained and interrogated, that was true of any scenario you came up with, but it never crossed your mind that the First Order would believe you when you told them you where no traitor, and then when no evidence of betrayal or working with the enemy was found, you would be released from suspicion, and free to be used as the First Order’s new weapon. What would become of you then? Would you be forced to become Kylo Ren’s apprentice? How long would you be able to keep your soul untainted from the Dark Side? You had chosen your current position within the First Order very carefully, you may have stood for many of the First Orders goals, like bringing peace and order to the hectic galaxy you where born into, but you never once wanted to hurt someone, something you where sure would be ruined very quickly after Ren got you under his control. You would be forced out of your department, away from the people you had spent years getting to know and care for, you would loose your name, rank and Hux, and slowly you would loose yourself. It would be you alone with Commander Ren and Supreme Leader Snoke, with the both of them weeding their way into your mind. How long would you be able to hold out before you became just like them? You would be feared by almost all of the people living on the Starkiller Base, people would run from you when walking down the corridors, friends would be to afraid to speak there minds around you lest you throw a tantrum like Kylo himself. You would be alone on the base, desperately trying to cling onto the emotions that where deemed unworthy of the Dark Side, no more joy, compassion, or love. You would be bound to Ren’s side, forbidden to move unless he said so. No more shore leave to Curoscant, and their famous shopping district. No more walks through the snowy forest outside your window when you needed to relax. You would be bound by invisible chains to the man you had spent years fearing and avoiding. You would be in a living hell until the moment your spirit broke and you became just like Kylo Ren. A cold, distant, monstrous thing, who had no qualms in obliterating an entire village of people, no matter age or gender, all for the First Order’s sake. A person so alone in the world, they can not feel anymore. You would become worse than a monster, and sure, maybe you would help the First Order bring peace to the galaxy at last, but you wouldn’t be y/n l/n anymore, you wouldn’t even be human. NO! You refused to bow to either option. Yes, you where afraid, more afraid then you had ever been, but you where not going to back down and submit to those bleak, unloving futures. You had spent the past ten years of you life hiding, closing yourself off from the pull of the Force, and you had mastered that. You had even managed to deceive the Supreme Leader himself with your skills, the greatest force in the Dark Side, had no idea you even existed. Kylo had only managed to pick up on your discretion by pure luck and his close proximity to you. You where sure not even Luke Skywalker himself, would be able to find you when you built your walls. So you where not going to fall at this final hurdle. You would not cower in fear from the masked creature that currently stalked the halls of the base looking for the blip in the Force. You would fight, and you would win! Turning your chair to face your computer once more, you tucked stray strands of hair behind your ears and got to work. You pulled up the files Hux had taken just minutes ago and studied them. If you could determine the order Kylo Ren would interrogate the suspects you could figure out how much time you had to prepare, to strengthen your walls. LS-203 was your barracks, it housed the Lieutenant's on this section of the Starkiller Base, and from the files you could tell there where quite a few of them. You figured that the most logical option for Kylo’s would be to go down the list in the order that it was already in. So all you needed to do was find out where you placed on said list and calculate how much time you had to spare before Kylo got to you. You would also have to factor in how long it would take for him to get that information in the first place. Knowing that he had asked Hux to get the information meant that his most likely position was the main control hub for the entire base, where Hux’s office was located. Having made the journey from your office to Hux’s many times before, you knew it took 35 minutes at a minimum, and that was if the turbolifts and shuttles were clear, so that was a start. You scrolled quickly through the list until you found your name: y/n l/n Security number P5691060883 Lieutenant Head of Administrations and Human Resources Living Sector : LS-203, room 3A7 Curiosity getting the better of you, you accessed the file. To your surprise it had a brief history written about you, about your home on Naboo, information on your mother, your father, what the Order classed as your strengths and weaknesses. Your entire life and persona had been compiled into this small file, giving anyone with the access to it a somewhat detailed look into you. You shuddered at the thought, but you knew it needed to be this way, the First Order couldn’t have any possible threats running around it’s most treasured base. But still, you wondered, was it really necessary for it to have your measurements on file. Scrolling back up through the file you counted the names before yours. You recognized many of them, having been to countless meetings with the other Lieutenant Heads and becoming friends with a few of them, you felt sorry for the grueling they where about to receive from Commander Ren, and a part of you, the part that was nosy, really wanted to peek at the files. Who knew what juicy bits of information you could find in them. You decided against it however, if you didn't like the idea of your information being invaded it would be hypocritical of you to look at others, plus you didn’t need more guilt on your brain when Kylo found you, it wouldn’t put the integration in your favour. When you finally came back to the top of the file, you found you where seventeenth in line. Now you just had to figure out where everyone was and how long it would take to get from one person to the next. You also realized that the actual interrogation would probably only last a couple of minutes, the Commander would be able to quickly sense whether or not someone was capable of using the Force. Hopefully he wouldn’t push the interrogation further and start digging through your brain, that would complicate things, you would of course hide any and all thoughts of your meditation from him, but using the Force that way had always caused a great strain on your mind. If it came down to that you knew for a fact you would be too exhausted to do anything else for the rest of the day. So taking in consideration the short amount of time he would be spending with each person, you deduced that you had five hours before he found you. A faint smile graced your lips, if an hour of meditation a day could build a wall to hide you adequately from the universe, an extra five hours would create a fortress, one of which no Force user, no matter how powerful, would be able to break. With this sanctuary you where about to create, you where absolutely positive you could walk straight up to Supreme Leader Snoke, and he wouldn’t even know you where there. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Now you had to prepare for the next five hours. Using your power as Department Head, you pawned off your less urgent work to unsuspecting employees, you ignored the cries of protest from your workers, and carried on, you felt bad about it, you cared about your reputation as the “nice one to work for”, so you made a point to not abuse your power that often. But times of emergency negated your need to be liked. You also got a lower level worker to get you some food and something to drink, as you had missed breakfast and now would be missing lunch. You knew that after the meditation and face to face meeting with Kylo Ren you would be starving, and there was always the chance it could be your last meal. Finally you ordered the entire department not to disturb you. You claimed you where doing important work for General Hux, a statement that roused a few raised eyebrows and nudges between your workers, and that if anyone other than the General or higher came looking for you to direct them to Officer Vyna. The loud groan Vyna let out and the way he slumped his shoulders in defeat would have made you chuckle if the situation wasn’t so dire. Once you where sure your orders would be obeyed you locked yourself inside your office. You took in the view from your office, it wasn’t as good as the one from your bedroom window, but it was still beautiful. From this spot on the base you could see the mountains, and the shuttle launch area in the distance, the ships taking off looked like mechanical birds, and painted the sky with speedy black shapes. Once again you found yourself wishing for that freedom, the ability to fly away whenever you wanted, to be able to explore the universe outside this base. You turned briskly away from the window, you needed to focus on the dangerous futures you where facing, and not fantasize about adventures in the great wide somewhere, this wasn’t one of your fantastic tales from your childhood, there was no adventure to be had, and no magical Prince to come and save you. You sat back down behind the desk, you couldn’t risk Kylo bursting in and seeing you meditating in the middle of your office floor, checking once more from your computer that your door was locked, you leaned back in you chair, head resting against the soft black back, you let out a breath you hadn't been aware you where holding, your soul was filled with determination, you were ready. You closed your eyes, and started to build, you had never built on top of a already there wall, you had always waited for one to dissipate and run it's course before creating another. A part of you was excited to see what this would bring out of you, what power could you truly wield if your mind was put to it. Slowly your tiny safe walls became enormous battlements, your mind and will pushing them to become stronger. Your simple bubble of peace that kept you tucked away and hidden became a impenetrable fortress of safety, but that wasn't enough. You kept building and building and building. Every time you thought you could be done, you kept going, willing the shield to get bigger, to get stronger. Even when you mind screamed at you to stop, when you thought you couldn’t take the pressure anymore you kept going. This was your life on the line, you refused to have a single crack in your foundations. You would win this battle against Kylo Ren, you would not loose this life you had created for yourself. You thought desperately of the things you wanted to protect. No needed to protect. Your workers, your friends, the stormtrooper FN-2187 that you had met this morning, and Armitage Hux, all of them were cheering you on, willing you to continue, to win . With a final triumphant push you finished your castle, truly it was a masterpiece of Force manipulation. You eyes shot open, and you slumped slightly in your chair as your stomach growled in protest at you, you body was weak from the meditation, and you so desperately wanted to sleep, but you knew you couldn’t. You where positive you looked a mess now, all the work you had done this morning to look nice today had been undone. Your hair had fallen in your face and sweat was starting to come through your heavy jacket. You had truly pushed yourself to the limit, but you where absolutely confident in what you had achieved. Shrugging out of your sweaty jacket, you glanced at the time, another smile appeared on your face, you had half an hour before the Commander would be at your office, just enough time to savor your meal. Greedily you pulled your meal closer, opening the dish, you didn't care that it wasn't the best thing on the menu, it was your victory meal, your triumph realised, you quickly scooped up a fork full and shoved it un-gracefully in your mouth, etiquette be damned this was the sweet taste of a job well done. Knock….Knock…..Knock. You jumped at the sound of the loud knocking at your office door. With the fork still in your mouth you pressed the button to see who had disturbed you, you prayed it was someone who had simply ignored your "do not disturb" order. But you were quickly learning that today was not your lucky day. It was Kylo Ren.