Finn felt constantly uncomfortable here. The Resistance was still military and he’d expected a rigorous schedule, but his injury kept him from doing most things. If he’d been hurt this bad as a Stormtrooper they wouldn’t be trying to keep him alive. He’d mentioned that to Poe, once, who had looked horrified. “We wouldn’t ever kill you, Finn. You saved countless lives and you were hurt in battle against one of the leaders of the Order. Why would we bring you back here just to kill you?” “I was only doing it to save Rey,” Finn had protested, but Poe just chuckled and squeezed his hand. “You and that girl. You still miss her, don’t you?” Finn nodded, closing his eyes. The bright lights in the medbay gave him headaches sometimes. He’d never gotten those before, but apparently it was a side effect of his eight million injuries. He missed Rey. But she was off somewhere making herself into a Jedi, one of the last. That was pretty amazing. Something in Finn ached to join her, but what would he do? Even after he healed, he wasn’t strong with the Force like her. Even as he thought that, the strong memory of how easily he’d manipulated that lightsaber, how he’d heard the screams of dying planets light years away, surged to the forefront of his mind and he tried to push it back. He’d dealt with too much change in a short time to be dealing with that, too. He didn’t even want to be a Jedi. Or, well. He didn’t know that he wanted to be a Jedi. He’d never really had the opportunity to make life choices before. From birth to death, his life had been determined for him, until he saved Poe. Poe must have assumed Finn had fallen asleep again. He rapped two knuckles gently on Finn’s cheek before leaving, which he had told Finn before was a Yavinian symbol of affection. It was also one of the few places on Finn he could touch without running into some kind of injury. Finn lay alone in the medbay, quiet except for the whir of medical droids, and he thought about Rey, and Luke, and Poe. Where he would go, what he would do, now that the choice was his. The infinite possibilities that came with his healing made him dizzy. Finn did not end up sleeping that night.