Deafening cracking of trees falling and splitting traveled through the air, the unnatural groaning of the earth as it caved in on itself joining it. Land rose and sank as the planet went through changes it was definitely never supposed to naturally, snowflakes being stained from the ash and smoke as they fell, staining the ground with gray dots. Starkiller was no more, it was on the verge of exploding and taking the entire planet with it, all thanks to the Resistance. So, Hux thought, it was perfectly reasonable to be running through a falling forest to retrieve Kylo Ren. He was doing this only so he wouldn’t be considered a traitor for going against direct orders from Snoke, obviously. He would get no personal gain out of this and was rather frustrated he was sent to do this himself, by himself. It was freezing, and of course he hadn’t had the time to grab his greatcoat. Hux doubted he’d even be able to lift the monster of a man that was probably wandering through the snow, slowly dying of hypothermia, if it came down to that. Luckily, Hux wasn’t searching blindly, he’d gotten tired enough of the tantrums that he’d had a tracker installed in Ren’s belt, to monitor him whenever he went missing and tried to break something. Hopefully the belt hadn’t been discarded in a random direction during the probable scuffle with the scavenger and her friends, if it wasn’t near the body then Hux was wasting the valuable time the planet had left to live. The ground shifted and buckled suddenly, surely making more giant rifts, causing Hux to stumble. He ran his hand through his now disgustingly mussed up red hair, steadily being stained and wetted by the ashy snow, just to get it out of his face as the violent wind whipped it there. He glanced back at the device in his hand to see that he was close, but the tremors had begun to worsen, so he picked up the pace. The blinking dot on the monitor wasn’t on the move as expected, in fact, it was worryingly stable. Ren hadn’t.. no, Hux wasn’t really sure how the force worked, but a user of it definitely couldn’t die that easily, could they? They were just humans, after all. Though Hux had always had a suspicion that Ren wasn’t fully human, that he was some monstrous creature in disguise. Abruptly, the tracker ceased making noise, the screen shutting off as well. After failed attempts to get it working again, he threw it in the snow angrily. Now wasn’t the time for technology to start being so unreliable! Hux was about to childishly crunch the metal under his foot when he heard a small groan, and he turned around only to see nothing. It could have been the planet, but considering the tracker had said Ren was nearby, he wasn’t going to take the chance of missing him. Scanning the area, he saw the familiar slices from a lightsaber in the tree’s trunks, still simmering and hot enough to fog the cold air around them. A fight had definitely gone down here recently. Hux abandoned the tracking device on the ground and set off in the direction of the sound, only aware of the coldness around him, seeping through his uniform. He stopped dead in his tracks when he saw drops of red stained in the whiteness, and walked a little distance until his eyes rested upon a black pile huddled on the ground. Snow was slowly piling on it, and it was shaking pathetically as dark scarlet oozed out of its side. Hux, with a breath of relief, noticed the heap was still breathing, shallowly and weakly, but fuck, he was breathing. “Ren!” he barked, hoping foolishly for once that Ren would get up to charge at him in a rage. But Ren didn’t move, just whined feebly as a response, curling up more as a tree fell distantly with an audible crash. His cowl and mask were nowhere to be seen on the ground around them, so they were definitely gone now. Hux moved closer, kneeling down near the bloodied snow. He tried to put his hand on Ren to check his pulse, but the force user’s hand struck out to keep it away, as if he still thought he was in immediate danger. Ren was barely conscious, though, so it must have been subconscious defense. Each time the man breathed, more blood oozed out, making the puddle bigger, and Hux’s chest tightened with the knowledge of how much blood Ren had lost just laying here. Ren was extremely close to death, visible in the way he shuddered and whimpered as shock and the freezing temperatures set in on him. Hux couldn’t stand to watch this anymore, he couldn’t sit here watch Ren die like this. “I’m going to move you, alright?” he asked gently, more as a warning than an actual question expecting a response. Ren didn’t respond, Hux couldn’t even tell if Ren could hear him, but he had to get Ren off of the planet right now. He turned the deathly cold body over, barely stopping himself from looking away once he saw what had become of Ren’s face. It was split completely in half by a big, red bleeding gash, reaching even past his neck and to his lower shoulder. Though Hux never admitted it aloud and kept it as locked away in his mind as he could, he found Ren strangely beautiful, and he could only hope the scar would spare Ren’s eye that was in its path. Ren’s eyes were lidded and clouded with pain and drowsiness, and Hux, being uncharacteristically gentle, moved some black hair out of the cut’s blood. Ren’s head moved lazily to the side, trying to focus in on Hux’s face. Hux turned his head away, bracing himself, before hoisting Ren up by putting his arms under Ren’s shoulders. Ren made tiny noises of discomfort, but somehow managed to support some of his own crushing weight. “Hurts,” Ren croaked out, stumbling and almost crashing back down onto the ground as Hux tried to move them. He gave Ren a second to settle himself before trying again, and Ren moved slowly, one footstep at a time. Ren was crouched and shaking, making him appear smaller than Hux for once, and Hux couldn’t say he liked it that way. Blood splattered onto the snow as they progressed, being smeared as Ren wadded through it clumsily. Hux would have carried Ren, but the man was much too heavy and large for someone like Hux, and he couldn’t bear to look at Ren’s struggling steps. Close to their destination, Ren tripped on something buried under the whiteness, taking Hux down with him. Hux swiftly rolled to the side just before he landed on the younger man, sparing him from additional pain as he grabbed Ren again. Ren protested, wiping at the blood on his face, freshly starting to come out again. “I can’t,” he said hoarsely, his body looking as if it were standing in the middle of an earthquake. He took a step only for his leg to buckle and send him to his knees, and he begged “I can’t do it.” Hux panicked, seeing Ren really could not move anymore, and took out his communication device to send for the closest squad of troops immediately. In the meantime, he lowered down to the ground next to Ren, pulling him close in an attempt to keep him warm. Ren was the walking furnace, not Hux, but it was all he had left as they waited painstakingly for the troops. Ren all but collapsed onto Hux, not reacting as arms were snaked around his upper body to keep him from completely falling over and breaking the general’s ribs. Hux pushed his face into Ren’s untidy nest of hair, closing his eyes. --- It was maybe a few minutes, though it felt like hours, until the squad arrived to help retrieve Ren. They did not say anything when they saw their general curled around Snoke’s dying prized apprentice, instead stepping back to let medical droids pass by to check Ren’s vitals. He was breathing, but was fully setting into shock, and had lost too much blood, so his chance of living was currently alarmingly low. The droids beeped this all out as they poked and prodded at the knight, and Hux gave one stern, icy blue look at the troops, who understood and lifted the unconscious Kylo Ren, shoving him onto a stretcher roughly without regard for his severe injuries. This roused him slightly, and after a few seconds of confused silence, trying to figure out where he was, he began to wail and strike out in every direction. He was trying to throw away the droids that were now sedating him, though he was so weak all the force did was rock them side to side. Ren tried desperately to rip out the needles, but the droids used fast-working sedatives, and Ren could do nothing but bat at them with his tired hands. Hux moved his gaze away as the noise of struggling died off, and all that was left was the sound of the planet’s destruction. --- Hux was cold, and wet, and covered in the drying blood of Ren, but he didn’t care yet. His current top priority was the man laid out on a cot before him, naked save for an uncomfortable white blanket, and wrapped up in bandages that were already being soaked with red. Ren would make it to the medbay alive, go in bacta as soon as possible, and possibly receive a blood transfusion, but there was no way his face and hip wouldn’t scar. He had Ren’s large hand in his own, just holding it, making sure he had shooed everyone out of the room first. It was so much paler than usual, cold and limp, surely not a hand you’d expect to wield a bright red beam of light. Hux stroked the skin with his thumb, having taken his gloves off, thinking of what would come next. He would deliver Ren to Snoke, and either be executed or exiled because he had at last outlived his usefulness. Hux really did not want to go back, to risk Ren being punished more for his loss against the girl, for he knew the supreme leader was cruel. He, like any other man with blood pumping through him, feared his own demise as well, but at least it was deserving. Ren’s eventual torture would not be justified, none of his treatment by the supreme leader was. Ren moved in his sedated sleep, turning his head to face Hux. His eyes weren’t open, he was thankfully still sleeping, and Hux did something he would have never done before. He leaned forward and placed a small kiss on the man’s forehead, lingering for a few moments then pulling back. Ren’s pained frown lessened, and his sleeping posture relaxed, which convinced Hux it was time to step away and let the doctors do their jobs. Placing Ren’s hand back on the bed softly, he left the room without looking back. --- Ren had been in bacta for maybe a few days, Hux didn’t keep track of the time, before they deemed his wounds healed enough for him to finally step out of it.The general was the first one alerted that the force user was out and about, and his boots clacked loudly on the metal floor as he walked faster than he was used to. The doors slid open automatically as he reached them, and he stepped inside the medbay. It smelled very much of bacta, and very much of Ren’s blood, and Hux could barely breathe in here. Moving aside a curtain, he was surprised to see Ren, standing in what Hux guessed was the biggest medical gown the staff could find, the bandages on his arms and face being the only visible ones. He looked miserable, tubes stuck in his hands and arms, multiple machines checking his vitals every now and then, Hux could only guess how so many needles felt. Ren’s eyes were looking down at nothing, but they were red-rimmed and glistening, so he’d been crying. He only glanced at Hux for a moment before his eyes were cast back towards the tiled floor, his body going visibly rigid, and his hands clutched so tightly at the fabric of his gown that his knuckles turned white. Hux was about to speak up before Ren seemed to dare himself to look, and the sadness shut Hux up quite quickly, standing perfectly straight as Ren’s body bent awkwardly, trying to retreat to his room. Hux could tell the knight wanted to be alone, and he figured Ren might as well get what he wants just this once. As he starts on his way back to his quarters, ignoring salutes from various people along the way, he plans for what he’ll do once Ren decides to come out. Notes: so heres the prequal! its been done but i had to wait for someone to read it for me. let me know if theres any mistakes or things i could improve! i don't know when the next part will be done, i haven't started like how this one was already close to being done when the other came out title is lyrics from you by keaton henson Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Just Live series Next Work →