The Botaran system had initially put up a good fight against the First Order. That had been five years ago when the Order had swept its way through the outermost edges of the Outer Rim and then had made the planets and moons of the Unknown Regions accept their new masters. The system itself was a blue thing, with blue white stars and planets shrouded in blue clouds and teal water and ice. They weren’t all cold moons mined for minerals, however; several of the planets were blue with the haze of ancient war toxins that had killed every combatant and had left the planets still uninhabitable by any living creature. It was at the heart of the system that there were twin planets that could sustain life. La’n was a rocky place, with little blue green patches that grew abundant food by winding rivers full of fish and water bugs. La’n wasn’t a problem. Tru was the problem. Or it had been the problem. Night fell heavily on Tru, with the stars invisible through the thick clouds until nearly morning. The darkness was broken by two things. A flickering holovid held in a black gloved hand, and the juddering red light of Kylo Ren’s lightsaber. His black helmet turned toward the other Knights where they stood a little apart from him. Mar was there, flanked by a Knight on either side. Ephreen Aun’La, now called Reveka Ren, and Noxen, who held his long-range sniper rifle in his hands, another model that resembled a bazooka on his back. Mar glanced at Reveka and then back to Kylo, tilting her head up. «New orders?» Kylo Ren closed his hand and the holo disc’s illumination cut out immediately. It had been at the same time easier and more difficult to re-establish himself as the leader of the Knights than he’d thought. At first, it was simply their unity of purpose that allowed them to take on missions together. He hadn’t had to kill any of them to assume his place as he hot on the humid jungle planet where he’d killed Takhar Ren to assume the mantle of leadership, but he had fought each of them to put them into their own places. He’d fought them physically or mentally, driving them to the ground with his mastery of the Force, depending on their individual strengths. Now, more than six months after he’d left Star Killer to resume his missions for Snoke, he stood once again as the master to all the Knights. There were no more doubts and no more questions. His own loyalty had solidified once more as soon as he was away from the dead planet the Order had made their weapon. He understood the ineluctable power that was the First Order, the importance of their aim in an aimless galaxy. It made sense again; Snoke had beaten his mind until he remembered, had bent his spirit until he knew what he was doing again. Away from Star Killer, he could forget his own doubts. Without the hollowness of the planet beneath his feet, he could be Kylo Ren again and remember that Ben Solo was as dead as the nameless world Hux was master of. «The Supreme Leader believes that as soon as we have finished with the settlement, the system will be secure. We have orders to aid in the siege of the Flesaram.» It wasn’t a system he personally knew, though he’d applied himself to learn as much as he could about the increasingly large region of space that was under First Order control. Mar nodded, barely, and Reveka tilted her head, curious. She looked at Mar but didn’t say anything, and it was the Zabrak who responded again, «Are we being sent to break the capitol seat?» Kylo Ren tucked the holo disc into pocket on his heavy outer robe. He was glad to see Reveka curious but unquestioning; she was constantly alert, but she knew when to wait for a cue from one of senior Knights. Mar had done well with her; he approved of her decision, as he did for most of the choices she made. Particularly now that he remembered to side with him in all things. «We are. The Supreme Leader isn’t content with anything less than total destruction as punishment for their betrayal of the Order officials who were there. They were assassinated and dismembered, then strung up in the city forum to rouse the blood of the rebels. The infection has spread through the system. A cure, in this case, won’t be enough. Amputation is required.» Mar nodded, and Reveka shifted on her feet, her emotions a mixed up roil that didn’t surface too far above her consciousness. Noxen spoke, «Will we be joined by the others?» «Yes. It’s time for an example to be made.» Kylo Ren raised his chin slightly. «The First Order is nearly ready to make its grand entrance. We are the precursors. The harbingers.» «What officer is overseeing the siege currently?» Mar asked, already shifting, turning with the entire group of them back towards their speeders. The shuttle was about five kliks away, and they moved with a single purpose. «Will there be additional support?» It was easy to command a group that responded to your unspoken commands, even when they were wordless. Kylo Ren walked beside Mar, long strides bringing him to her side within a few steps. The smell of the burning behind them grew fainter as they walked. «I don’t know which officer is currently in command, but I assume he or she will be relieved for someone with more of a unique approach to cut short the nonsense. There will be a multi-pronged attack on several targets in the system, with our assault the second offensive after an initial air confrontation.» Kylo clipped his lightsaber to his belt as he climbed onto his speeder. He could feel the last remnants of life leaving the settlement, the bright lights falling out of the Force. Each one was like a gut punch, but he’d learned to ignore it and move on, using any lingering pain to remind himself that these people had all been foolish, as he had been foolish in the past. They’d deserved the punishment they’d received. Mar hummed in her helmet, and although it wasn’t audible over the speedsters, the group understood. She sent another message to Kylo directly. «Your favorite General, then?» She asked, almost teasing, something close to humor. «He’s well suited for this kind of strategy.» Behind his helmet, Kylo allowed himself a tight smile. He let her feel it; she’d earned that type of closeness. «He would likely be the best choice, wouldn’t he? I’ll put in the request to the Supreme Leader. I’ll let him know it was the suggestion of the always clear-headed Sa’marha Ren,» he joked back in that strange sort of humor they shared. Mar’s response was almost like a purr, and she smirked. «Of course, Lord Ren.» They continued to the shuttle and abandoned their speeders. Reveka finally spoke up as they walked onto the larger shuttle. «Will Star Killer finish this system off?» She was soft spoken, her voice slightly high pitched, even echoing in their heads. «Tru has fallen, the system is poison. Better to be rid of it, right?» Kylo Ren walked up the ramp last, watching the other three settle into the shuttle. Even on board, they didn’t remove their helmets. Even with one another, they maintained their dark anonymity. Once they were alone, they could feel air on their bare faces. «The Botaran system isn’t worth the attention now. Unless General Hux needs another test system for the weapon. In either case, it’s of no concern to us.» Reveka still turned to Mar for answers, even though she recognized that Kylo was the power in their group. Mar was the only other woman, and the one who had picked her out of obscurity, encouraged her to be powerful. She nodded and then bowed to Ren, disappearing into her small private area. She took off her helmet and lay on the cot, curling up. Mar watched her leave and then looked over at Kylo Ren, shifting slightly. “Do you have any orders for me, Lord Ren?” Her voice was soft but rough, harsher still out of the vocoder. “When the other Knights arrive, I need you to bring them up to speed. Also, Reveka needs refining in her silence.” Kylo glanced over at Mar. “I trust you to take care of that.” Mar inclined her head. “She is learning fast. I’ll correct her.” She paused for another few seconds, watching Kylo. Taking a deep breath, she glanced around the ship as the ship headed towards the major astrolane. She shifted, and it was less of a gesture and more like a shimmer she sent over. “Is that all?” “Clearly not. What’s on your mind, Mar?” he asked, voice quiet through the vocoder. Kylo Ren walked over to look out one of the ports. He trusted her opinions; it had been a relief to take her back into his confidence. The Zabrak knight took a deep breath, shaking her head. “Nothing, Kylo.” She smirked behind her helmet, retreating to her rooms as well. «The General usually makes these large scale invasions pass quickly.» The Finalizer had a different feeling than other ships Kylo Ren traveled on. Maybe it was the sense of himself and what he’d been on this ship. He remembered seeing it for the first time, the shape that seemed impossible against the backdrop of stars when it should have only existed in historic holofilms. He’d been Ben Solo here, and while it hadn’t been the last time he’d used the name, he knew it was where his change had started, where Kylo Ren had begun even before the name had been a dream, before the jungle had been a dream. He listened to the familiar sound of the three Knights who’d arrived with him falling into step with him as he walked down the shuttle ramp. He didn’t look at the lines of stormtroopers as he walked; it was enough to feel the fearful obedience that ran through them all as though they were all connected to the same current. Their identical white helmets hid it however, just the way the Knights’ helmets hid their faces and identities. There was no one on this ship who knew what Sa’marha Ren had been, or what color Noxen Ren’s eyes were. There was one man who knew Kylo Ren’s face. General Hux had already seen to the accommodations of the other knights, clearing a second level of officer’s suites for the dark group. He had ordered that an additional room near the rest of the group be made ready, but had also ordered the staff prepare rooms that Kylo Ren had previously occupied. In some things, Arrik Hux was not subtle. As soon as the shuttle landed, the general had to prevent himself from sending a message to Kylo ren immediately. He knew that whatever connection they had wouldn’t be clear, so he waited. I’d like to request a meeting. -A. Hux Kylo Ren glanced at his wrist comm and felt a tangle of emotions as he read over the six words. Even just the sight of the name on the message conjured up strange images in his head. He imagined Hux’s mouth full of blood and knew what it would be like to lean down and kiss him, spilling that hot metallic taste into his own mouth. He could just as easily feel the sensation of a gloved hand twisted into the back of his hair, forcing his head down until he had no choice but to put his mouth around the general’s cock but he did have the choice whether to use teeth or not. He didn’t trust himself to answer. Knowing Mar would handle the rest of the Knights, he let himself feel for Arrik then headed to the general’s office. He didn’t bother to announce himself, through the comm or in Hux’s head. He waved his hand and the doors opened; his entrance was announcement enough. Hux looked up as the doors opened. He didn’t think it was Ren, at first assuming that an officer had barged into his office. He frowned deeply, and then stood up. He saw it was Ren and his eyebrows shot up. “Ren.” “You asked for a meeting, general.” Statement, not a question. He walked over to stand in front of the sleek desk. Setting his fingertips on the edge, Kylo leaned down over the desk, the eye piece on his mask reflected Arrik back at himself. Hux tilted his head up, almost smirking, his hands behind his back. He nodded, looking over Kylo Ren. It had been a few months since they had seen each other face to face, although they had spoken occasionally, both over the holoscreen and through their renewed mental connection. “So I did,” he said quietly. “It has been a while.” Kylo didn’t mind the way Hux took stock of him, the way his eyes looked over every part of him and likely made judgements and decisions. It made him curious, but not angry now. “I was finishing my work in the Botaran system. There was a need for special handling.” Blinking slowly behind the faceplate of his helmet, Kylo sent the image of the burning cities to Hux. He let him see it all, the flash of his lightsaber, the feeling of his Knights behind him as he strode into the temple. Hux could likely smell the slight scent of burning flesh when the guards were struck down, then the low arch of the central room, where he unerringly reached in the dark to take up the… “You’ve been busy as well?” Hux smirked, ducked his head and then sat down. He gestured at the chairs across from his desk, thinking carefully over the destruction that Kylo Ren had caused, the fire he had left in his wake. “Something like that. We’ve had a few more run ins with the Resistance that I’ve had to maneuver around. It’s delicate,” he said, shrugging. “We have to show just enough strength to make them wary but not enough to give them proof to give the Senate.” “I heard about the...disappearance of the Pantoran senator’s shuttle. Subtle, though I feel that the Resistance is likely trying to make the Senate believe it was not just a mysterious accident.” Kylo Ren sat down, back very straight and hands in loose fists on his knees. “They’ll have a hard time proving it. No distress signals left that ship,” Hux said smugly, drawing his eyes over Ren’s shoulders down to his fists. “Are you tense? Don’t let me keep you from resting.” “I have no need for rest at the moment. You wanted to meet with me. I know it must be for something important.” The black helmet tilted slightly, a strangely uncanny gesture when there were no curious features to go with it. Hux smirked and shrugged, still looking over Ren. He didn’t have eyes to meet, so enjoying the view was better than staring into the slightly mirrored lenses. “I just wanted a meeting. To catch up.” He shrugged again, turning to dismiss a notification on a holoscreen. “It was a friendly invitation, moreso than a demand for a report.” “Mm. Good. You know you can’t make demands of me.” Faint amusement managed to find its way through the strange distortion of the vocoder. “Victory suits you as well as purpose does. You look good.” Kylo Ren’s hands spread on his knees, long fingers extended for a moment to stretch before he drew them in again to his palms. As Hux had looked him over, now he was taking in every detail of the general. His details were perfection; there was no lone wrinkle to mar the sharp lines of his uniform, no stray lock of hair out of place to give a hint of a different side of the man. Kylo himself was unworried by that sort of perfection. The ragged edge of the heavy wrap around his shoulders didn’t bother him, nor did the collection of dents in his helmet. His skills continued to improve, and that was what mattered. He was the master of his Knights, he was the chosen one of the Supreme Leader. He found his purpose, and his acceptance of it, more and more every day. But it was impossible not to appreciate the perfection of Arrik Hux. And even more impossible not to want to destroy it. “You look well-used,” Hux responded, not entirely unkind, almost teasing. “You’ve seen more action than I have and seem all the better for it.” “We are men of action.” Kylo smirked within his helmet. “Or at least, I am a man of action. You are a man who craves it to the point of…” He paused, touching his tongue to his top lip thoughtfully. “Sexual deviancy.” It felt good to say it aloud, to remember Arrik’s body aloud, the curve of his back, the fire he’d touched when he thrust inside him. Hux’s eyebrows shot straight up. He had almost forgotten the kind of man Kylo was. “It takes more than a few burning buildings to affect me quite like that,” Hux murmured, smirking slightly. He paused for a few seconds. «How about a smoke?» At least his smiles were hidden. «Can we smoke in here without three different alarms going off?» Hux leaned over and turned the holoscreen back on. He disabled any fire alarms for an hour, and then shifted in his chair, pulling out a slim cigarette case. He stood, walking around the desk, passing Kylo to stand in front of the massive plastiglass panels that allowed dim starlight to shine into the office. He opened the case, pulled out two cigarettes and held one out to Ren. «Give ust a light?» It gave Kylo Ren a little shock of pleasure when he remembered that the original case was now part of the lightsaber clipped to his side, that Brendol Hux’s legacy let his weapon use the cracked crystal he’d bonded with. With a quiet hiss, the helmet lock mechanism opened and he set the heavy thing on Hux’s desk, then he pulled the glove off his right hand as he walked over to join Hux by the window. Fire. It was the easiest thing to bring to his fingertips, a child’s game, a dinner party trick, the trick that had reduced the city of Kyran to ash and charred bones. He held his hand over to Hux, little flame dancing over his fingers. Hux reached out to take Kylo’s wrist, his fingers wrapped around bare skin, pulling the flame closer to light his cig. He took a step back, exhaled, and then offered the second to the knight. Kylo Ren took the cigarette, snapping his fingers against the end to light it before leaning his head back to exhale smoke toward the ceiling. The fire always seemed to intrigue Hux, maybe one of the simplest pleasures he’d seen the man enjoy. Hux smirked and then turned to look out of the windows. He smoked silently, standing shoulder to shoulder with Kylo Ren. They hadn’t been this close to each other in over a month, and being so close to someone he trusted so deeply, who knew him so intimately. He didn’t want to be the first to break the silence. The smoke was acrid, the cheap ration cigarettes that were same as those the other men had. The sweet ones must have just been at his mansion on Arkanis, where Hux was a sort of prince, Kylo reflected. But he relished the sharp tang of it, the stinging in his lungs. “Did you volunteer for this mission or were you sent?” he asked quietly, blowing smoke in a thin stream that plumed against the window. Hux smirked. “Since I’m the one who assigns the missions, I suppose I volunteered,” he said, taking another drag off his cigarette. “There are some benefits to being in charge.” He couldn’t stand there and not touch him, Kylo decided, though they were not the type of men who embraced. They were not the type of men who held one another. The Knight shifted his cigarette to his other hand, then put his hand on the back of Hux’s neck. He squeezed slightly, a reminder of his strength. “Your name came up in my casual discussions as well. One of several, of course,” he said mildly, taking another drag of his cigarette. Hux tilted his head up, not shrugging off Ren’s hand. It was so casual, so intimate, and he didn’t flinch away from Ren’s hand. He took a deep breath and made a noise in the back of his throat. “Did it?” He asked, trying to sound relaxed. “How so?” Kylo’s thumb dug into the tender skin beside the tight muscles running up the back of Hux’s neck. So tight, his entire body. Muscles, voice, mouth. “The other names that were coming up wouldn’t have suited my purposes. Mapes, Sk’aran, Finda. With their common ideas and their thrice-used techniques. Their attacks are so staid schoolchildren could recite the maneuvers by rote.” Kylo squeezed his neck again, then leaned closer, biting just under his jaw. He tasted like soap and loathing. Hux smirked, closing his eyes, taking a final drag on the cig in between his fingers. He nodded, shifted closer to put a hand on Kylo’s side. It was no small encouragement. “You’re shameless, Kylo,” he said, smirking. The man was a flatterer, but Hux wouldn’t argue. Kylo also happened to be right. “So don’t make me regret my decision,” Kylo said against Hux’s skin, mouth on his throat though his eyes were still looking out at the vast openness the window displayed. Hux hummed, spread his hand on Kylo’s side as the man kissed him. He took a deep breath, tilting his head up. Dipping his tongue beneath the stiff collar, Kylo could almost taste the other man’s pulse. Just as quickly, he straightened up again and watched out the window. He left a little gap between them, a little space between the lines of their shoulders. Taking a deep breath, Hux dropped his hand. He enjoyed this. Their strange closeness was not harsh, not unkind, but neither was it tender. “You have your choice of rooms,” he explained, finishing his cig and turning to put it out on the ashtray on the table. “By your knights in the lower officer’s quarters, or in the executive’s suite.” “Which is my old berth? I’d prefer to have it back, if the changes I made to it are still intact.” Kylo found himself holding his breath while he waited for Hux’s answer. His own cig was burning down into a cylindrical ash, forgotten in favor of this man, this view, this revelation. “It’s been prepared,” Hux said, walking back to him, still at his shoulder. “All your knights have restricted access throughout the ship, although they all have a high clearance. Coming onto the bridge, taking out an individual ship, long range communications-” he gestured. “-all require an officer’s approval.” Kylo Ren watched him, tilting his head slightly. He was rather certain that the restrictions were in place for him, rather than because there was any concern about what his Knights would do. It was a nuisance, and slightly embarrassing. A man of his standing should have no need of officer approval in any aspect of his life, personal or professional. “When will those restrictions be lifted?” he asked lightly, looking back out again. Far away stars blinked and disappeared, either falling out of sight or dying. He didn’t care which, once they were no longer in his line of vision. Hux felt it, that annoyance, and he shrugged. “You have no such restrictions,” he explained. “Just the Knights. They will have almost no use for those amenities anyway, and missives from Snoke are always in the holonet room. They have access to that.” “Of course.” His voice even in his own ears was too cold and focused. He couldn’t stop thinking of his room now, the thick black coverlet on the huge bed, the area he’d cleared for training with his lightsaber. Most importantly, he wanted to know if the box was still in its place on the pedestal he’d had made for the center of the main room. It was the most important by far. He’d been waiting to get back onto the Finalizer for more than one reason. Arrik shifted a little, hearing Kylo over their connection and frowning slightly. It was like a hum, nothing that he could really understand or decipher, but he tried, stayed quiet as he reached towards that strange vibration. It was important, and he tried to pin it down. “Your rooms have been left untouched,” he finally said, turning again to look at Kylo’s profile. “I have a few more hours here. You can stay or go as you please.” “Why don’t you come back with me. Show me.” Kylo’s voice was so quiet it was almost just in their heads. His hand moved by his side, almost as though he was reaching for a cup. Or a hand. But the gesture was abortive; he dropped his hand a moment later. “I still have work to do, Ren,” Hux responded, hands fixed behind his back. He waited a few seconds, just letting himself be near Kylo, close as he hadn’t been in months. Taking a deep breath, Hux smirked as he looked out the large window. He shook his head and glanced over at Ren, smiling, just barely. The general reached over and put the side of his hand on Ren’s hip, eyes falling down slightly. “It’s good to have you back on board,” Hux said quietly, looking back out at the expanse of stars. He was completely open, no mental walls in between him and Kylo. It was more of a welcome than he’d expected somehow. Small touches and an even smaller smile were loud in his head where Hux brushed against his mind, invited. His gracious thank you. “You could at least offer me a drink,” Kylo said, letting himself look over to watch Hux. He could read the movement of his eyelashes, the little tightening at the corners of his mouth. «Would you like a drink?» Hux asked, smirking slightly, going directly to his small cabinet where he stashed glasses and good liquor. He pulled out short glasses and poured two stiff drinks, turning back to Kylo. «Whisp-barreled, aged over smoke. One of my favorites.» «No one’s ever accused you of having bad taste,» the Knight responded, holding his hand out as Hux walked closer. Using the Force, he pulled the glass out of the general’s hand and floated it over to wrap his fingers around it. «At least no one in my hearing who survived the night.» He raised the glass in an odd salute, then took a small sip. The drink was smoky, and reminded him strangely of the garden on Arkanis. He thought of cig smoke in his mouth, the evening damp of the flagstones through the knees of his trousers. Hux smirked and drank as well, savoring it. «It’s herbal on the aftertaste,» he said, walking back over to Kylo, standing shoulder to shoulder with him again. «I can show you to your rooms in a few hours.» “So should I stay while you complete your reports or whatever...other important work you have?” he asked, letting himself taste the whiskey through Hux’s senses. Hux knew it better, caught the notes with the tongue of practice. Hux made a noise, walking the length of the office again to sit at his desk. He took a deep breath and opened Tower again, looking through the messages. “It looks like your Knights have all been settled,” Hux remarked, taking a sip of his scotch. He was slowly relaxing now that Kylo Ren had finally made it aboard his ship. It was strange to think that having the man near was less stressful than having him away. Kylo Ren was here. Hux couldn’t quite think beyond that, Ren here, with him, the mission ahead. “We don’t require much. There isn’t much to settling in.” Kylo Ren turned back to the window, holding the glass low as he looked out the window. Hux’s presence was deceptively calming; he felt that he could let his shoulders relax while in the general’s presence, which he knew was foolish. The general was as dangerous as a venomous snake in one’s bed. He was sharp as broken glass ground into one’s drink. Hux made a noise in the back of his throat, frowning as he received more messages from the Flesaram system. The siege was already underway, and the Finalizer was bringing the fight to a head throughout the system. They had two more Destroyers at the ready; Barril’s Vindication and the other Star Destroyer in the Northeastern quadrant, Colonel Shara Elmisand of the Faultless . Elmisand’s short-range TIE fleet had been depleted over forty per cent during the siege, a far higher loss than Hux had planned for, and there would be no reinforcements coming. Hux pressed his mouth and sighed. Another headache. He would have to make do. “What have you been told of the Flesaram system?” Hux asked, looking over at Ren again. “Only that there is a multi-pronged attack planned, with some sieges already in place. I know that there has been some attempt at ground attacks on several planets in the system with varying levels of success.” Kylo paused and took another sip of his drink, then walked away from the wide window to set the glass down on a small table. He was no longer the type of let himself relax too much with the help of alcohol. He walked over to Hux’s desk, reaching past him to bring the reports and maps up onto the larger transparent screen before them. Gesturing toward the areas that were highlighted very obviously in red, he looked toward the general. “But this shows that the most frequent level of success has been nonexistent,” he said, smirking. Hux snorted, rolling his eyes. “That’s not entirely correct,” Hux pointed out. “Short land battles and naval engagements have given us a broader idea of the kind of tactics we’ll need. These are advanced sentients. They have been conducting warfare amongst themselves for thousands of years. It’s a marvel of isolation and idiocy that kept them from pursuing other game. Newcomers like us aren’t entirely sure of their strategy. We do know how to learn,” he said, leaning forwards, lacing his hands together and resting his chin on them. “The First Order can’t have been the first to cast an eye on them. Those mineral deposits must be very attractive to other systems. Considering the history of war on these planets, they look largely untouched.” Kylo looked over the charts, swiping lazily to move through them and read the notes he was rather sure had been added by the general. He knew he could split his group into two easily. Sa’marha would take command of the other attack squad, and he trusted her with it. He wanted the Knights to put boots down where they would not necessarily be the best tactically (they would enhance any offensive), but where they would be psychologically devastating, where their decisive, terrifying victory would affect the larger war at hand. Hux shrugged again. “They’re remote planets, and far enough from the main hyperlane to stay off most radars. They’re warlike and defensive, and I doubt that there are many groups in the nearby systems that can match the three populated planets of Flesaram.” “Which one puts on the fight in the air? Do they have large ships, or is this all pissy little ships just chipping away at the Order?” Kylo Ren asked, looking down at Hux as he spoke. He leaned his arm against the headrest comfortably. Hux made a noise, pointing at one of the planets on the holoscreen. It expanded to fill the space. “Vaxa, the closest to the sun, they’ve got five large ships patrolling their system, and a large fleet of starfighter ships, and an advanced planetary defense system.” He gestured and another planet came into view. “Marai, over here, is their largest threat. They possess an extremely large fleet of starfighter ships, and they pride themselves on their flying. Aralat is sort of a secondary planet compared to the other two. Aralan workers are prized throughout the three , and they’re often in control of the mines. They’re the economic force inside of Flesaram.” He glanced over at Ren, eyebrows up. “They will probably ally themselves against the Order.” “I would imagine they see you as the greatest threat. Of course they’ll work together. The question is where to hit first. My Knights and I can make two offensives concurrently for maximum effect. So I guess your option here is choose two that you really want to shock. It’s not the body count with us, it’s the impression we leave behind.” Kylo Ren turned his wrist and gripped the back of Hux’s neck with fingers that were strong but choosing not to be. Hux didn’t flinch or move away as Ren’s hand rested against him. He nodded, not saying anything for a minute as he turned over the different possibilities. “I will have to think about this carefully,” he said, finally. “We have another day until we reach that system. We have three destroyers, a limited number of TIEs, an even more restricted amount of ground troops and a team comprised of witches and men who still use swords in battle.” Kylo shook his head and squeezed Hux’s neck slightly, rolling his eyes even though the man couldn’t see him. “I don’t think you’re correctly analyzing your strengths, general. You’re separating it into witches and men with swords, and you’re completely leaving out those of us who are both. One would think you’d be more accurate when looking at your resources.” He smirked and looked down at him Hux snorted, glancing up at Ren again. “Regardless,” he said, looking back to the holoscreen and gesturing, returning all the images down to the flat surface of his pad. “This requires more thought than I have given it.” “Time is of the essence, so you don’t have a lot of time to work your way through those thoughts.” Kylo shrugged, giving Hux’s neck a final tight squeeze before lowering his hand. “Get us on the ground first. Send one of the Destroyers to the area you think will be most challenging in terms of air launches from the planet. Don’t send all your ships in at once. This fight is more than destruction.” He leaned down and set his teeth in Hux’s ear, feeling the cartilage’s strange texture as bit down harder to see how much the man could take. When the general didn’t flinch, the Knight smiled slightly and murmured against his ear. “If you don’t make this a battle your name remains attached to in victory, then you might as well resign yourself to always being...the backup,” he whispered, voice barely moving air as it brushed past Hux’s ear canal. Hux frowned, but remained otherwise still. He set his jaw, his hand frozen in place above the screen as Ren drew closer. “I am called when the Order needs an assurance of victory,” Hux reminded Ren, speaking softly. “I am not your average call for reinforcements.” “Is that what it is this time?” Kylo didn’t pull back, kept his mouth against Arrik’s skin. He remembered their longing for power, for combined domination, and he felt it from Hux. That hadn’t lessened, and the remaining thread between them resonated with it when the general looked over the charts and maps and contemplated victory. “It sounds like you were just called in to clean up. You aren’t the highest commanding officer on this campaign, are you? It’s not your campaign.” He paused and let the Force cut off Hux’s air for just a second. “But it should be.” Hux didn’t move, completely still, his shoulders hunched. He tilted his head up and looked over at Ren, mouth parting slightly. “You are a menace, Kylo Ren,” he murmured, annoyed and amused. “For putting your thoughts into words? Don’t think so loudly at me then.” Kylo wanted to kiss him, wanted to kiss blood off his mouth. “Just tell me you don’t want to hear what I have to say, and I’ll stop.” Shaking his head, Hux gestured and moved the screens, setting the maps on the wall. “Thinking loudly is subjective,” he said, arguing for the sake of it. They both knew the breadth of their ambition. “Perhaps I just have strong opinions.” “That’s no surprise to me.” Kylo let his eyes follow the movement of the maps but he didn’t shift away from Hux. “But you still haven’t told me to shut up, so I imagine you want to hear more.” Hux sighed. “Ren, would you like to plan an invasion or go to bed?” He asked, putting his pad down and turning to look over at at Knight. “You seem eager to fight and fuck.” “I could fuck you any time,” Kylo said, smirking to himself as he stepped back. “And you need time to complete your own plan. I’ve told you what you should keep in mind, for yourself and for my Knights. We’ll reconvene tomorrow, general. Thanks for the drink.” “If I have questions, I will speak with you,” Hux said, watching Kylo. He smiled slightly and inclined his head. “I am going to be planning for next few days, but I’ll be in my quarters soon. We can...convene then, towards the second purpose, if you’re not too tired.” “You’ll find me indefatigable.” Kylo Ren’s smile was more his former self than he’d intended, but the use of the ridiculous word made keeping a straight face too difficult. “I’ll be by later.” Gripping the back of the chair, he pulled it back far enough to put Hux off balance, feeling the tension in the other man’s body. He leaned over to kiss him ungently, then righted the chair. Hux made a noise in the back of his throat, baring his teeth. He shifted and leaned forward, following Ren as he pulled away. “Get out of my office before I tear that robe off you.” Kylo’s laughter was low and deep and it was hard to tell if it was actually a sound the Knight was making aloud or if it was just throbbing in Hux’s head. He walked past the general’s desk, flicking his fingers and sending one of the smaller datasticks from its neat position in one of the niches to the floor. “Good luck with your planning, general. Don’t stay up too late.” He snatched up his helmet as he walked to the door. “Don’t want your performance to suffer.” The officer said nothing as Ren left, knowing that if Kylo didn’t get the last word in, the conversation hadn’t ended. Even through the filters in his helmet, Kylo Ren could smell the smoke from the two already conquered planets that he and his Knights brought with him to the central third. He tapped the comm button at the bottom lip of his helmet. “General, we’re approaching the Waino compound. Do you have any final information for us?” His other hand tightened on the hilt of his lightsaber, feeling the Knights behind him as they all readied for battle in their own ways. The hum of Sa’marha’s meditation, Noxen’s chant as he built up the power he would call on for his focus. Above him, in the space of the Flesaram System, Arrik Hux was waging a war. He grit his teeth, watching the destroyers take massive damage as the fleets from Vaxa and Marai proved more maneuverable and well-commanded than originally assumed. The Aralan mining planet had better production facilities than First Order intelligence had given. At the incoming message, Hux turned from his battle station and put Ren through. He frowned at an incoming message from Elmisand and then looked back to Ren. “Make it fast,” Hux ordered, staring at the small screen, frowning. “Nail the insurgents to the kriffing surface and get up here. I need everyone back.” He wasn’t just talking about the Knights, there were legions on the surface of Vaxa. As soon as the planetary defense system fell it would open up room for the Vindication to destroy the planet. Right now, the large Marian patrol ships were making the fight difficult. Kylo Ren unclipped his lightsaber from his belt, shifting it in his hand to find the exact way he liked to hold it. He could feel the strange power of the crystal inside, the cracked crystal that had made some other dead Jedi’s lightsaber blade deep blue. It sang to him in a scratchy, hoarse voice that reverberated through his own vocal cords. “I only have one more question for you, general.” He paused, feeling the rise in power behind him as his Knights let themselves fall into the Force to the best of their abilities. “How many survivors do you need?” “None,” Hux said, feeling something dark and cavernous inside of him. It might have been Kylo, it might have been the fact that it was becoming apparent that they were outnumbered. Whatever it was, he didn’t care to question it. “Cut them all down.” Kylo Ren smiled and closed his eyes, unseen within his helmet. If Hux wanted a barren, wasted planet, he would have been happy to give it to him. He gestured with his left hand, silently ordering his Knights forward. The whisper in their thoughts was sibilant; he felt it ripple through the Force. He let Hux feel it. «No survivors.» Arrik Hux bared his teeth a he turned away from Ren’s image. He looked back at the arena that he faced and he repeated the words back to Kylo. «None.» The lightsaber came to life in Kylo Ren’s hand as he strode forward. Already there were shots from the holdout ahead of them. He deflected two with one sweep of the saber, then glanced back to Mar, nodding once before they were the battle. His lightsaber cut through bodies as he advanced, and while visually it was a clean movement, he could feel the split second difference between flesh and bone. The Force moved through his arm, up the curve of his back, in each time he spun to meet another attack. He could feel his Knights spreading out through the settlement like a virus. No survivors. He was never sure what caused the fires that were always burning after fights like this, but the singed smell was all around them again. He leaned his head back as he turned the lightsaber off. «Did you feel that, Arrik?» He turned his head to a scream at his right. The body fell heavily a second later, the rebel’s neck snapped by the Force. Kylo lowered his hand as he looked around again. Above him, Hux shivered. Next to Ren, Mar killed a man silently. She was breathing hard, dark green smoke leaking out of the seam in between her gloves and sleeves. She made a noise that wasn’t quite human, turned away from ren and jumped forward, attacking another Vashi soldier. She turned her head, wolf-like, predatory, and stared at Kylo before facing the oncoming Vashi, her elecrostaff a living thing in her hand as she attacked again. Kylo walked through the chaos, absorbing it and feeling himself growing stronger in the currents of the dark side. Something caught at the hem of his tabard, and he slashed with his lightsaber without even looking down. There weren’t many of them left in the settlement; he identified the core group of soldiers guarding their leaders. Twins, he knew from Hux’s unfailingly detailed reports. The perfectly divided leadership, a government set up on the fact that their leaders had shared a womb. Behind the mask, Kylo Ren gritted his teeth until his jaw ached, drawing up the pain from the few wounds on his body, from his sleepless night before the battle. He spun the lightsaber in front of him, bracing one foot back as he deflected a blaster bolt back at one of the guards, blackening the front of his helmet and killing him instantly. When one of the other guards stepped back in instinctive fear, it only enraged the Knight further. Deflecting another bolt into a guard’s chest, he turned with his momentum and raised his left hand. With the Force, he grabbed the hesitant soldier by the throat and dragged him across the churned, muddy ground. He could feel the man’s terror and it was exactly what he wanted. He let the man take one of the bolts meant for him, even as he heard the shouts. “Don’t hit Yanano! Hold your fire!” He threw the man’s body back at his team, the dead weight knocking one of them down. Within seconds, Kylo Ren had advanced and killed two more guards. One man frantically reached for his lower half for a few seconds as the Knight walked past him. “Which of you are the ministers?” he asked, voice low and growling through his vocoder. Behind Ren the rest of his Knights were cleaning up. Mar’s staff snapped a man’s neck, Noxen took out three soldiers within a second. Zâyral came up, standing just behind Ren as the uniformed Vashi soldiers made a few quickly-cut down attempts to escape, shorn in two by the Knight’s wicked blade. From a small door three officers in navy uniforms with bright white and blue piping came out, hands up in obvious surrender. Below them, the massive generators hummed. The rooms were warmed from the energy of the machine that kept the planetary shields operational. Kylo Ren didn’t have to say anything or even gesture; he gave the order for his Knights to step forward. “Where are your ministers?” he asked the three officers, lightsaber still ignited in his hand. “The twins.” One of the officers swallowed, tilting his head up as his throat was threatened by Zâyral’s bloody blade. “Downstairs.” Kylo Ren nodded to Zâyral, then walked past the officers toward the stairs. The sound of the execution behind him didn’t even make him turn his head as he led the rest of the Knights to the lower level. Mar was just behind him, not speaking to him, following his lead. The rooms they passed first were empty; it was easy to feel that out as they walked. In one small room, there were several small lives, unimportant lives. Kylo imagined they were domestics, not even soldiers involved in the fight. No survivors. He gestured for Noxen to shoot them as he moved forward. The lights flickered above them and Kylo Ren’s helmet tipped up slightly. There were more soldiers; he could feel them coming. They were no concern, and only served to prove they were going in the right direction. «Stay with me, Arrik. Feel it all.» The Knight stepped forward to meet the rush, lightsaber cutting through limbs with ease as Kylo turned like a dancer in the soldiers’ midst. He felt the deaths in the Force, the violent starburst then blackness of lives ended. On board the Finalizer , the general turned away from his battle station, taking his hands off the screens that sent orders out to the three Star Destroyers and thousands of starfighters. He shivered, seeing Ren in the back of his head, hearing him. «Yes.» Kylo stepped over the final body, making his way toward the safe room at the end of the hallway. He smirked to himself when he saw the lockbox next to the door. It was likely full of complicated codes and safeguards against the box’s destruction, multiple levels of security and several layers of heavy durasteel for the doors. The plasma blade spat and juddered in his hands as Kylo Ren pushed it through the door. The metal melted away from the blade and he pushed with a focused concentration of the Force to keep the blade moving through the layers. Pulling back, he kicked in what remained of the door and ducked his head to enter the safe room. “You are the ministers, I assume. We’ve been anxious to meet you,” he said in his emotionless modified voice. The two stood up at the same time. They were nearly identical, even their heights matched. They stood shoulder to shoulder, in front of the giant control panel. “We are.” They made no move forward, knowing that this is where they died. Arrik Hux gasped, feeling it as Kylo did, that knowledge, that power, fear and hatred, defeat and victory. “Do it,” the general said aloud, opening his eyes, refocusing on the battle that played out in front of him, not the one so many miles beneath him. “Kill them and come here.” There were no grand speeches to make on either side. This was a meeting of powers, and one power would always consume the other. Kylo Ren felt his power growing, felt it hunger for what it would destroy. All the soldiers above, the scorched killing wounds through their uniforms, they were fodder for this war machine, but these two, they were the heart of it. They were the victory on this planet. Behind him, the Knights of Ren arranged themselves, comfortable and easy now. The blood lust sang through them all where they were connected through the dark side of the Force; Kylo felt that he could run his hand through the darkness, watch his fingers part it. And above him like an unholy guiding star, he felt Hux’s need. Stepping forward without preamble, Kylo Ren raised his lightsaber and killed both ministers in a single stroke. Even in death, the twins’ expressions were identical, he noted as he turned away from their bodies to walk out of the room. «It is done. We’re returning to the Finalizer . Have your stormtroopers clean up the rest.» They were met with no opposition on their way out. Hux gave the orders, made sure that the Legacy had a clear path, sent a larger escort to make sure that they got onto the Star Destroyer quickly. That done, the General turned back to his own field. Barril’s Vindication was failing in his part of the system. Even Elmisand, with her depleted fleet was faring better. He diverted Sun’s squadron of Intervention TIE’s to help, and felt no small thrill when the ticks of Sun’s kill count racked up fast and steady. Leaving the rest of his Knights to wait for him, Kylo Ren walked onto the bridge a few minutes after the Legacy had returned to the Finalizer . “General,” he said as he came up behind him, looking over the bank of control panels Hux was currently overseeing. “Knight,” Hux growled, filing through all the information as it came to him, all different forms, from all different planes of the battle. Vaxa’s systems were down and he had sent Barril to take care of the remains of the planet. At least he could bomb a rock now that it was made defenseless. Hux set his jaw and looked over at Ren. He spoke quietly, “I’m not too proud to say that this isn’t the kind of victory I wanted.” Kylo raised his eyebrows, though his helmet didn’t betray any of his expression. He could feel Hux’s disappointment and he looked over the maps before them to take in how the campaign was going. «We’re scattered. We’re not moving as together. These planets know each other, know how to fight together. An entire system.» Nodding without looking away from the monitors, Kylo Ren took in the details that mattered now. The far wing of TIEs too far out from their larger support ships, the casualty numbers, the Star Destroyer over by one of the planets was reacting too slowly to the rebel fighters attacking it. «Do you have absolute control? Who’s in charge of...this?» «I am, but even I can’t give commands to fifty thousand ships at once,» Hux snapped, turning and reassigning a small fleet to a weaker area. He looked at the scope again and cursed, pulling the comm close. “Colonel Elmisand protect our flank! Too many enemy starfighters are coming through!” Kylo Ren’s eyes jumped from one monitor to the other, mind rushing ahead all at once. “You can’t watch it all. But I can.” He spoke with less confidence than he wanted to have, but it wasn’t a skill he’d ever tried before. But reaching out with the Force, he could feel the discordant movements of the fleets, the way they were at odds with the flow of the battles. He could feel all the lives, the planets, the destruction. He opened his eyes and blinked, not remembering when he’d closed them. Hux growled, looking over at Ren. Their connection wasn’t so strong that he could feel what Ren was doing, but he knew that he was attempting...something. He made a noise in the back of his throat, still commanding from his post. “Whatever you’re doing isn’t working, Ren.” Kylo huffed with annoyance and looked over at Hux; the other man’s sharp, strained expression was no surprise. “I haven’t done anything yet. I can’t just do it here with all of this going on around me. It’s loud and there are too many displays.” He shook his head. “If you’re going to trust me and rely on me, then you can’t have any of these...maps and statistics and comms. They’ll only be distractions.” He thought back to the texts he’d read, how imprecise they’d been when talking about battle meditation. He’d found it mentioned in things his uncle had, but even more in Sith documents, though the dark lords weren’t any more detailed when discussing the skill. All he knew was that he could feel them all in the Force, every ship, every maneuver. His knowledge of his own ships and of the TIEs he’d flown gave him even more insight, but he also was aware of his deficiencies as a commander. He didn’t do large scale strategy; he never had. But he also had what equated to a Force bond with a man who did. Hux sent another order to Elmisand and then looked over at Kylo again. He set his jaw again, glaring at the starfighters before him. “What do you need?” “Silence. Darkness. Your complete faith.” Kylo tilted his head; the word ‘faith’ maybe sounded strangest through the vocoder. It was like a word that shouldn’t have had his voice at all. Swallowing, Hux nodded, pausing his direction and transferring individual control to the ship paramount. He grabbed Ren’s elbow to turn him around and then dropped it. He didn’t need to tell Kylo to follow him, and the two of them stalked down the bridge aisle. Hux moved without looking to the side. Getting into the elevator, Hux set them to a level below the bridge. “There’s a large meeting room on this level,” he said, stepping out. They walked down the hall and Hux scanned a cylinder, going into a large, deserted meeting room that looked out on the field of battle space. The large table was a half-moon shape, facing the windows, obviously meant for when holoscreens were used. Hux walked around, gesturing at the window. “This enough?” Kylo gestured and the lights in the room dropped, leaving them standing in darkness with just the large windows out on the stars and their personal war. He had no idea, because he wasn’t exactly sure when he was doing, or even if this was something that could work. He’d need to let his defenses down completely to let Hux feel the scope of the battle, and the general would have to reciprocate, letting everything flow back through Kylo Ren to control. “It should suffice. Lock that door and give orders that you are not to be disturbed.” He paused and licked his lips before reaching up to unlock his helmet and pull it off. “And that the bridges are only to observe and accept. That includes the bridge crews of the other Star Destroyers.” “How exactly am I supposed to do that?” Hux said quietly, pulling out a small palm-sized comm from his wrist. He shook his head as he did as Ren asked, going back to lean against the flat end of the table. “Observe and accept. How am I supposed to translate that into something the officers in my fleet understand?” “They won’t need to understand,” Kylo said quietly, dropping his helmet onto the table before walking over to the window. “All they need to do is obey.” He inhaled as he looked out on the battle, the bursts of weapons and death, the trails of the TIEs, the seemingly peaceful planets below. He thought of the lives he’d already taken for this campaign. He thought of his power channeled through the man behind him, filtered through Hux and fed back into him before he used it to control them all. He had no idea if he could do this. He knew he had the raw potential, but for all he knew, this would burn the both of them up in the attempt. The Knight turned and held his hand out to Hux as if inviting him to dance. “Do you trust me?” Hux took a deep breath and looked down, sending the message to his colonels, lieutenants, squad leaders and hangar captains. It was a massive instruction, and despite the necessity it made the General’s hands shake for just a second. He nodded once, taking Ren’s hand. «Show me what to do.» Chapter 2 Chapter by dentigerous Notes: we are back! we are not abandoning this fic, i promise. i swear. I SWEAR IT. t/w: canon-appropriate space violence. abuse of authority. Kylo Ren felt Hux’s hand in his and immediately tightened his fingers around the other man’s as though filled with a sudden urge to break them. It wasn’t unusual; there was always something in him that wanted to hurt Hux, something that he managed to shove down most of the time. He looked back out into space, letting himself look with just his eyes for a minute. How small the starfighters were, how pitiful against the vast blackness that swallowed everything else. It was ridiculous to think there were power in the light when it was compared against all of this. There were stars going supernova everywhere in the black void of space, and then there was nothingness again. The darkness was absolute, a beginning and an end. Then he let himself see with more, closing his eyes and letting the enormity of it press in on him without giving into the Force as it moved through and around him. There was a hum by his side as the cracked crystal in his lightsaber responded to the pressure he was inviting. Nodding, Kylo looked over to Hux again. “What we’re going to do is a Sith battle technique...that I have honestly never tried before. It enables a Force user to control whole fleets, imposing his or her will over pilots and commanders to influence what they do, to move all attacks and defenses together. The way I use my lightsaber when you shoot at me, moving with the currents of the Force, it’s sort of making everyone do that to fit in with a larger battle plan.” He paused. “Here’s the thing. I’ve got the strength for it, not for a long battle, but I’d think long enough. But I’m not a tactician.” Hux pushed down anger after he heard the words ‘never tried before’. He resisted the urge to pull away from Ren and go back up to his battle station. Taking another deep breath, he nodded. “You lead.” His voice was quiet, and he glanced out at the battle space. “Quickly.” Without saying anything, Kylo knelt down and pulled Hux down with him. He still smelled of the battle he’d just finished, like sweat and churned earth, blood and burning cloth and wood. There was a new smell to anticipate, the ozone smell he associated with space. “You have to let me in completely,” he instructed in a low, rushed voice, “And I’ll do the same. Ignore the small things; childhood memories or plans for the future. For now, all that exists is the battle. I’ll let you see everything, but it’s not going to be like the monitors, feeding you numbers and locations. You’re going to feel it, and you have to give it back to me.” Aloud, it sounded even more ridiculous. No Sith or Jedi had ever performed battle meditation like this. Again, Kylo Ren wondered if this would be how he died, not on the ground against a physical opponent, but here in this dark, chill room with his mind burned out by the Force. How many times was he going to flirt with death while kneeling across from the general in a cold room, trying things he didn’t know how to do? Hux swallowed, shifting, getting closer to Ren. Their knees were touching, hands clasped together. He nodded. “If you show the way, I can do it. I trust you.” The general took a deep breath and closed his eyes, feeling along their connection. He let Ren in, trying to concentrate on just Ren in front of him, trying to ignore the annoyances and concerns of the battle. All that mattered was Kylo Ren in front of him, their connection on which he stood. Kylo watched Hux for a moment before closing his eyes, taking the opportunity to really look at him. This campaign had darkened the skin under his eyes and made his cheekbones more prominent in his naturally slim face. The control and tension in his jaw was absolute and Kylo Ren again thought of how strange it was to tie his own fate to this man. Exhaling slowly, he closed his eyes and let the ship fall away from him. There was nothing else but Arrik for a long moment; he felt the blood pulsing through the veins in his palms, then his mind opened up before him. It was golden and grand and dark and small all at once, with power and memories tugging him in both directions. The essence of Arrik burned like fire without smoke, pure and devastating. Opening his own mind was more difficult; he was still a creature riddled with self-doubt and neverending questions, and while the dark was the ultimate answer (he knew it, he had to know it, everything else had been ripped away, hadn’t it?), the light’s temptation and offer of answers was always there. He opened it up to Arrik, and Ben Solo was laid bare for him as he’d never offered to the Supreme Leader. Arrik slipped into the power that Ben held. It wasn’t as if he was ignoring the distractions around him; it was simply that there was nothing else. There was just Ben and Arrik and the force. He felt as if they were nothing without each other. It didn’t sting as much as he thought it would, and maybe he’d feel different later. «Show me, Ben,» Arrik murmured, didn’t have to speak to the man across him, just knew, just sort of thought. «Show us.» His eyes moved quickly beneath his closed lids as Ben reached out for Hux, then let himself fall back into the Force. The battle was around them, containable if they only stretched out their hands. There were lives within ships, small bright lights in clusters that moved and shifted with the fight. The flow of the Force surrounded them, and Ben knew that Arrik couldn’t feel it the way he could. Their hands still felt clasped together, though their bodies were lightyears away. Moving their arms together, Ben swept a series of TIEs into a tighter formation, bringing them in line with one of the currents and setting them on a new course along the side of the enemy’s flank. «See it all. Show me where they go.» Arrik leaned in, and he pushed through Ben, found the information, found the movements of each ship and fighter in his mind. He made a soft noise, finding more, searching out the other destroyers, the other fleets. It was everything. This was the kind of power that Arrik Hux would tear the universe apart to have. He nodded and another fleet of starfighters broke off, ducking around a larger group of Marai-made Kyzist ships. Out in space, a squad leader knew to turn. He directed his TIE fleet around and got behind the the Kyzist -class fighters, taking them out from behind in a series of minute maneuvers. Vaxa was vulnerable, Hux saw the breaks the defenses and showed Barril how to exploit them. He touched the controls, maneuvered the Destroyer. Two moons around Vaxa blew up, and slowly the Star Destroyer made its way closer to the martial seat of the system. Arrik turned his head and another fleet of starfighters maneuvered around a Marian officer’s commandship. The large vessel was beat back, it’s smaller starfighters picked off cleanly, destroyed by TIE attacks and Elmisand’s ion-cannons. It was only a matter time until the Faultless had a clear shot and destroyed the bridge, taking down a large section of the opponent’s foothold on the western corridor. The force didn’t extend to only the First Order fleet. Recently promoted Captain Jahnavi Bant released two squadrons of TIE fighters she had been holding in reserve and sent them to the far side of the arena. Arrik had seen a large Vashi fighter moving towards the fleet, undetected. It was met with resistance, and Bant, although unsure of why she had ordered that, was quite pleased with the outcome. Ben’s back was still as straight as it had been when they had begun, but the strain was beginning to tell on his mind. It was a lot of power to use, to filter through another sentient’s mind without letting it burn Arrik out completely. He broadened his reach to include the planets themselves. There were reinforcements coming; he knew at the same time Arrik did that the hangars needed to be destroyed. Arrik sat up a little, shifting again. Deployments. He sent them out, he played the battlefield quickly. He reacted to everything. Individual fighters shot faster, leaders led their squadrons with more surety, the officers on board all three destroyers turned and knew the ambush was happening. The last wave. Arrik leaned forward, his forehead pressing against Ben’s chest, although he had no way of knowing that, focusing on the millions of lives and fighters he held in his hands. Ben felt himself completely in the Force, protecting the general from the energy he was exerting. He grit his teeth, breathing through them, sending out new thoughts, sending orders to every officer, turning the Star Destroyers gently, shifting them and their guns into position. The small Vashi ships and larger Kyzist ships turned into an attack that they were entirely unprepared for, almost as if their eyes had been turned, as if they were meant to ignore the signs of the First Order regroup and attack. He was breathing hard, his heartbeat rising higher than any human’s should go. He shifted again and the First Order moved as he commanded, the fighters and fleets turned in tandem, in perfect sync, orders sent out with gentle suggestions and turns. It was individual and exceptional, it was the entire fleet and every officer, bent to Arrik Hux’s will. Arrik moved again, turning his head, swallowing. He didn’t know what kind of time had passed, didn’t know how he commanded the entire fleet, how long it took. He just turned and pushed the ships, put the Faultless into position, positioned the Vindication properly into the fight. It was delicate and rough at the same time, utter control of every part and every person. Ben’s hands tightened on Arrik’s, losing control of the whole situation as his strength left him. There was only so much he could do, exhausted from the ground battle and with no training in this skill. His grip on the edges of the field was weakening and their shared vision was fuzzier. He tried to focus on the hot zones that still needed attention. «A final command, Arrik. We can’t maintain this connection much longer.» Arrik made a noise, shifting again. He turned the Vindication , a few of the TIE squadrons from the Faultless and send quick commands to his own fleet before it suddenly jerked away from him. He gasped, turning his hands to dig his nails into Ben’s palms. Then it was gone, and Arrik felt empty and full at the same time, hallowed and impossibly alive. He made a noise and shook his head, all of it falling away. Shivering, Arrik tried to pull away from Ben but couldn’t, nails still in the meat of the Knight’s hand. «It’s done,» Arrik gasped, turning his head again. «Assured.» Ben felt caught in great waves of dizziness, nerve endings burned out as they hadn’t been in some time. He couldn’t even revel in the fact of what they’d done, the task they’d set themselves. There was no power in the galaxy like theirs, nothing to compare to this unmatched ability. But now he felt sick and used up inside, eyes on fire even though they were closed, chest heaving while he tried to breathe in what felt like the vacuum of space. He focused on Arrik’s nails, the bite of them into his flesh. It seemed like a simple way to keep hold of himself, what was left of himself, to pull himself back from the thing they’d done. There was a flash of light behind his eyes and his tenuous grip on consciousness loosened. With a short huff of a sigh, the man who was at present neither Ben Solo nor Kylo Ren collapsed onto his side on the cold floor. Arrik tried to pull him up, but ended up falling next to him. He was breathing hard, fireworks flashing behind his eyes. It was hard to concentrate, impossible to breathe. He took a deep, shuddering breath and turned on the ground, lying on his back next to the knight. His shoulder was near the man’s hip and he tried to say something but couldn’t. He passed out there, still reeling from the enormity of what they had done, the scale of the movements. He had held entire fleets, entire systems in his hands. For a few minutes, for a few hours, even. An incessant beeping woke Arrik. He turned and looked at his comm and then sat up slowly, putting his head in his hands, knees bent up. He didn’t know how to feel. He didn’t know whether it had been minutes or hours since he had fallen next to Ren. There was a hint of a headache behind his temples and he took a deep breath before standing up slowly. The pounding receded for a few seconds as Hux turned to look out the windows. He blinked a few times and looked over the battlefield. The Vashi and Marian fleets were in tatters. There was nothing left for them. He took a deep breath and stepped forward, putting a hand on the glass, breathing harder. They had done it. There was a chill in the air, and Hux leaned into the window, almost touching his nose to the glass. The enemy was destroyed. Utterly. He took a step back and looked down at Ren, still on the ground. His eyes widened and his breath caught in his throat. Ren had been the gateway, he had helped him rip through the enemy as if they were little more than paper. He knelt down next to the knight, shifted and then straddled the man’s hips, running his hands up Ren’s chest. «Wake up.» It was a demand, sharp as a knife. Arrik bared his teeth, leaning down over Kylo. «Wake up!» Instead of opening his eyes, the unconscious man sent an involuntary wave out toward Hux. It was dark and overwhelming, dragging Hux’s mind down toward the burned out exhaustion Kylo was lost in. Kylo Ren made no sound, no moan of pain; he was beyond that, beyond simple definitions of hurt or relief. Hux growled, leaned back slightly and slapped Ren hard, a pounding headache making his temper short, the thrill of victory making him insistent. “I said get up!” Kylo Ren took a gasping breath and he half-sat up as his eyes snapped open. There were stars in his eyes and he saw them swirling around Hux’s head. His hand grabbed at Hux’s side bruisingly hard. “Arrik!” Arrik leaned down and kissed Kylo, knocking teeth, desperate and demanding. He put both hands in Ren’s hair, pulling his head up, grinding down against him as if he were seventeen and sneaking in a quick fuck back at the academy. He wanted what Kylo had just shown him, allowed him. For an hour, maybe two, maybe less, they had been perfect. Hux growled against Kylo’s mouth, biting on his bottom lip, pushing Ren again. Kylo pushed up against him, hands running over Hux’s body as though he needed to re-learn the lines and angles of him, where his bones pressed against his skin beneath his stiff uniform. He tasted of the metallic tang of blood, the sharp hiss of ozone. He didn’t need to ask if they’d won; he’d felt the moment their enemies’ lines had broken. He didn’t need the statistics and numbers and maps that he knew Hux would go over in minute detail after everything was over. The victory was written in the hot energy pouring out of the man in his lap. It was marked out in the sharp punctuation of Hux’s fingers against him, in the slash of line that was his backbone. What a kriffing addiction, he thought to himself through the rush of exhaustion and adrenaline. Arrik pulled back, breathing hard, his eyes narrowed, something like anger and awe on his face. He swallowed, searched Kylo’s face, spreading his hands over Ren’s collarbones, holding him down on the floor. “Explain,” his voice was hoarse, “what that was.” Kylo shrugged against the cold metal beneath him, feeling the desire and jealousy and excitement and fury that defined Hux for the moment. “Something that drove ancient Jedi and Sith to drink, I figure,” he said quietly and heard his own voice as ragged and grating as his mind felt. He pressed his thumb against Hux’s hipbone, wanting to leave a perfect oval of bruised flesh there. “They called it ‘battle meditation.’ I don’t know if I...ever want to do it again.” He knew it must have been different for the Force users in those old wars, trained in the skill, in strategy, controlling the ships and commanders on their own. Maybe that was easier. It had been hell to hold onto everything and siphon it through Hux, positions to him and the orders away from him. Hux growled, leaning down to kiss Kylo again, gripping his shoulders, drawing his hands down Kylo’s chest. “It was incredible,” Hux breathed, shifting down. He didn’t know if he wanted to fuck Kylo or start another fight. He pressed his hands against Ren’s ribs, wanting that feeling back. He set his jaw and shifted again, sitting up. Kylo laid back and watched him, eyes half-lidded even in the gloom of the unlit room. It was a pleasure to see the general high on power; it brought color to his pale face and gave fire to his eyes. The Knight’s mouth curved slightly. “You’re the victor here. There’s only one thing left for you to do.” He knew that Hux couldn’t have won without him, but it didn’t seem sporting of him to remind the man of that just yet. Hux made another noise, holding onto Ren’s robe, tugging at him. “Take you right here?” He asked, looking out the windows, watching the TIE fleets return, the Faultless and Vindication turning to bombard Vaxa and Marai. Already he could see the latter smoking under Barril’s hits. Hux swallowed, shifting to sit up a little more, still staring out the window. “We should go. The paramounts will be on board soon.” Kylo watched Hux’s face still, more interested in his reactions and expressions than he was in the dwindling battle outside the window. Past the transparisteel, it was just turning into stomping the ashes of a burned out system. “Then hopefully you’ll do what I alluded to earlier,” he said quietly. Arrik lipped his lips, looking down at Kylo. He nodded, putting a hand down on the center of the Knight’s chest. “It will be worth it.” Kylo Ren laughed, and it was something dangerous, the sort of sound that would raise the hairs on the back of someone’s neck. He grabbed onto Hux’s wrist, sitting up in a sudden rush that brought them too close together. Leaning forward a little bit more, he exhaled against Hux’s ear. “I wasn’t even talking about that,” he murmured. “I meant you should make it very clear who the leader of this battle was, who they should all defer to.” He traced the curve of Hux’s ear with the tip of his tongue, a delicate, meandering line of saliva on warm flesh, while he tightened his hand over the bones of Arrik’s wrist. “Then I’ll fuck you slow against the window so you can keep an eye on the galaxy you’ve conquered.” Hux grinned, maybe for the first time in years, and ducked his head to bite Kylo’s neck. “Let’s go.” He stood up, maybe a little too fast, and offered his hand to Kylo. Kylo grabbed onto Hux’s hand and pulled himself to his feet. His body immediately rebelled, the headache coming at him to drive thick nails into his forehead. Everything was burned out, everything was tired. His muscles were exhausted from the ground battle, and now that he could focus on his body, he realized there were likely several minor injuries he should look at when he had the chance. He remembered the glass in his ribs, and the smug gloved hand pressing against it. “You want me there, then?” he asked as he walked over to take his helmet from the table. “You deserve to be there,” Hux responded, pulling his gloves back into place, adjusting his collar. He glanced over his shoulder at Ren, opening the door. “Let’s be conquerors.” The lock hissed on his helmet as Kylo Ren walked to meet the general by the door. With his face hidden and shoulders squared, he was no longer the exhausted man he’d been on the floor. He was a silent, faceless monolith in black, intimidation and unexplained power itself. “It’s something to get used to,” he said, voice strangely rounded by the modulator. Hux smiled slightly, nodded, and then walked out in front of Ren. He sent the message to the two Star Destroyers, and both Colonels sent back affirmatives. “We’ll go to the officer’s room upstairs. The others are taking shuttles now.” Kylo Ren nodded, long strides keeping him almost at Hux’s side. He could feel the mood of the ship, though he was careful not to extend himself. He knew it would hurt, that he needed to heal. Meditation was what was ultimately required, but his skill with that had never been great. Hux took the congratulations in stride, although he received only a few from the crew of the Finalizer . He went into the war room and pulled up the arena of battle, looking over the final moments, reliving that power again. He shook his head. “How did you learn to do such a thing?” Kylo looked over the maps, watching the ticking mechanical movements of the ships in slow motion, the screen not fully capturing the emptiness of space around the vessels as they spun and fired and exploded. “I didn’t...I found it written about in a few places and read as much as I could. Mainly so I could tell you about it some night; I thought you’d find it amusing. I didn’t really expect to try it.” He paused, clasping his hands behind his back. “I wasn’t sure it would work. I was a little convinced we’d die.” He hadn’t even noticed the dried blood that had come from his nose. “Why would we die?” Hux frowned, looking over at Ren. “Passing out maybe, but dead?” Kylo couldn’t stop himself from laughing, even though it made his head throb angrily. He felt like he could sleep for two entire rotations. “Are you kidding? That probably burned out more brain cells than you’d be comfortable considering. You could have a brain aneurysm. You’re not a Force user; it was hard enough on me, and I’m a little surprised you’re able to stand up and speak right now. I’m better at defending than I thought I was.” He shrugged and leaned forward to tap the screen. “This was a disaster. Whose ship was that?” Hux pressed his mouth, not knowing enough to argue with Kylo Ren about the intricate ways that Force users manipulated the worlds around them. He sighed and shook his head, looking over at the area Kylo indicated. “Barril. He lost sight of the larger battle.” Behind the faceplate of his helmet, Kylo Ren’s expression hardened and his upper lip pulled up in a disgusted sneer. Barril. “He focused all his attention on that little group of TIEs,” he said. “He left himself wide open to ion-cannon fire all along here. He could have lost you a Star Destroyer.” “But he didn’t,” Hux said softly, frowning as he looked over the slew of reports that streamed in after the battle. He could only process so many, quickly pushing petty officers and pilots to the back of the queue. “He will be given a chance to explain himself.” “Of course, general,” Kylo Ren said slowly. “One should always be given a chance to explain one’s failures before a large group of people. Or before a man and his enforcer.” “You’re enjoying his shortcomings too much, Knight.” Hux sighed, looking over at him again “Hardly. He was burning out my mind with his idiocy,” Kylo Ren said, eyeroll effectively hidden by the helmet. Hux smirked, shaking his head. “I was the one who corrected him,” he said. “You’ll have to behave yourself when the officers come in.” “I’ll be silent as the grave,” Kylo intoned. “After all, what could I possibly add to the dressing down I’m sure they’ll receive.” “And will I be feeling all your annoyance and resentment the entire time?” “Would you like to?” Kylo asked, stepping forward before balling his hand into a fist and dropping his arm by his side. He could not allow himself the simple pleasure of slapping the other man’s ass. That’s what being this meant. He mourned it for a moment. Hux snorted, shaking his head. “Just behave, Ren.” Saying nothing, but letting the other man feel his lazy amusement, Kylo Ren stepped back to stand unmoving closer to the dark wall as he waited for the rest of the officers to arrive. He was a looming storm at all times, prone to unpredictable violence that even he couldn’t always control, but to be perfectly honest, he was beyond exhausted and only keeping his feet through strength of will. And the fact that he refused to let Arrik Hux be alone in a room with a man who called him ‘Rikki.’ Elmisand and her two secondaries arrived first, accompanied by Mitaka and Derr’wan. Colonel Shara Elmisand was a dark skinned human, some shades of green under her complexion. Hux had always suspected she was some part Mirialan, but had never felt quite bold enough to ask. She shook hands with the General and then sat down, pulling out one of her code cylinders and sliding into the port in front of her chair. All the reports from her command that hadn’t been uploaded to the Finalizer’s mainframe were quickly transferred. Hux frowned, shifting forward to look over the information. Here were real results that had come from the battle mediation Ren had drawn him into. Hux continued to look through the short reports from pilots and officers making decisions on ion cannons and thrusters. It was incredible, the kind of control he had. As he read over the information he realized he could fill in the blanks in between thoughts and actions. His mouth went dry as he pushed the reports away. He knew because he had been there. The doors opened again as Colonel Barril came into the room, followed by Majors Baharghi and Lekram. Kylo Ren’s eyes watched the colonel as he walked across the room, but his helmet never moved. Barril went right over to Hux, saluting and shaking his hand firmly. He did the same with Elmisand and then sat down at Hux’s right hand, smirking as the General brought up the field of battle. In the greyer shadows by the wall, Kylo observed the room with more than sight. He felt the exultation of battle, the leftover adrenaline that reminded you how very alive you were after feeling death’s exhalation on the back of your neck. He also felt the respect for Hux, though there were varying degrees filtering through the sensation. From some, pleased and unsurprised satisfaction that the young general had engineered their victory. From others, the respect was more of a grudging affair, a belated admission that without Hux, this siege would have dragged on for more longer. He himself kept the explosive victory and too-intense intimacy of the real battle close. There was no one here who could understand what had actually defeated the Flesaram system. They didn’t understand the crushing power of the Knights of Ren or the almost supernatural way he and Arrik had played with the lives around them like small toys. So he stayed quiet, watching and unmoving. He knew he didn’t need to be fear just yet. Hux congratulated the officers, then pulled up a larger map of the system. He outlined the clean up mission, the destruction of Vaxa and Marai, the takeover of Aralat. Hux glanced at Barril and then assigned control of the mineral-rich to Elmisand, even though Barril was the quadrant’s paramount. Barril set his jaw but didn’t speak out while the rest of the officers were at the table. They continued to discuss the invasion. Colonel Barril’s teeth ground together until at last the table stood up. Hux was satisfied with the results of the meeting, happy that he and Ren had indeed turned the tide of battle, completely and effectively. Barril hung back, and after Hux nodded at Elmisand, she and the four lower ranking officers left the room. He closed the door and turned back to Hux, ignoring Kylo Ren, who had remained unmoved. “I should be given governorship of Aralat,” Joran said, starting toward Arrik. The general’s back straightened and he tilted his head up, not backing down from Barril. “Elmisand answers to me.” “She is not unfit, and she displayed considered and effective judgement throughout the battle.” “I am the paramount of this quadrant, general,” he spoke quietly, almost pleading, taking another step forward. “You are deliberately undermining my authority in this region. It sends a message to the other systems.” Arrik Hux straightened his back and his eyes became cold and utterly unfriendly. He didn’t look at Kylo Ren, he didn’t look anywhere but at Joran Barril. “You will follow orders, Colonel.” Kylo Ren allowed himself a short smile, hands gripped into fists by his side. Satisfaction. Barril was subordinate and needed to remember just how much lower on the scale of the galaxy than Hux he was. He kept himself in the shadows, knowing there was nothing to betray his position. He wasn’t his grandfather, breathing noisily and ominously. He was something silent, the storm that struck without the benefit of a rumble of thunder. He was the killer lightning. Barril set his jaw, narrowing his eyes. “What’s this about, Arrik?” he asked quietly. “What are you punishing me for?” “The battle speaks for itself, Joran.” Hux matched his address easily, not moving an inch. “Elmisand displayed exemplary leadership, she deserves this merit.” “At my expense?” Barril hissed, glaring. “This is disgraceful.” “What is disgraceful is your whining after your shortcomings have been pointed out to you by a superior, Colonel,” Kylo Ren said evenly, stepping forward out of the shadowed area by the wall. The overhead lights caught on the curve of his helmet first, then flashed along the silver lines chasing around his eyes. “You tip dangerously onto the side of dissension.” Barril looked over at Kylo Ren, not trying to hide his disgust. “And what do you know of military affairs, Lord Ren? You’re not an officer of the First Order, this doesn’t concern you.” “It concerns me when I see the Supreme Leader’s campaigns draining the First Order of resources because of incompetence.” Kylo’s voice rumbled through his vocoder, his distaste for the other man darkening his tone further. “You were on the road to failure before your superiors stepped in, and now you want a prize because you managed to survive through it?” “I handled my part of the attack; I executed my directive.” Barril hadn’t stepped away from his position in front of Hux, sneering at Kylo. “I was fighting a large-scale battle, not fucking around playing at intimidation tactics with a gang of thugs.” “That’s enough, Colonel!” Hux snapped, holding his hand out in front of Ren, willing him to stay put. “You are out of line.” Hux’s hand notwithstanding, Kylo didn’t need to get closer to Barril to make his point. He didn’t need to say anything as his anger flared up, the dark current of the Force rising with it. His hand flew out, fingers tensed as he exerted the Force on the other man, dragging him forward a few feet before holding him in position, off balance if not for the power holding him. Hux’s eyes widened, and he took a step after Barril, focused on Ren. “You are a worthless, replaceable thing,” he spat in a low voice, “Who takes liberties because of past favors. Your inability to see the bigger picture could have cost the Order a Star Destroyer, though I suppose the loss of its commander would have perhaps been a blessing.” “Ren,” Hux warned, taking another step towards them. Barril bared his teeth, his hair falling out of its part. He struggled against the Force, but couldn’t push away. “You have no idea,” Barril hissed, pulling at the space around his neck, glaring at Ren. “You have lost nothing, sacrificed nothing, you’re a fresh wound in my side. I have taken shits older than your time here.” “You seem to forget that it’s the newest wound that kills you. Colonel.” Kylo Ren gave the rank the sound of an insult. He pressed his mouth, unseen behind the black helmet, but his fingers stretched out slightly before he brought his hand down a few inches, palm parallel to the floor. Barril was pressed to his knees, down onto the floor, an insect under an unbreakable crushing strength. “Don’t presume to speak of impossible sacrifices which you alone have borne or understand. Your own seem to only be excuses.” Hux took another step forward, his jaw set. Barril struggled against the invisible bonds, his composure falling away. “You have no idea what I have done! What I’ve sacrificed! I’ve dedicated my life to the Order, this is none of your business!” Hux set his jaw, glaring at Ren. «Let him go. His temper tantrum will not affect my decision.» “Your desperation speaks volumes about your ability to maintain stability in the region,” Kylo Ren said, dropping his hand as well as the pressure on the other man. He wanted to shove him down onto the floor, hear his head strike the metal. It was hard to let go. Stepping back, he turned his head slightly to look at Hux. Hux swallowed, taking another step forward. “You will accept my decision as the highest ranking commander of this quadrant and you will not question me further.” Barril turned slightly, looking over at Hux. “Playing favorites again, Rikki?” Barril asked, his handsome face twisted. “It’s worked thus far, hasn’t it? Picking and choosing who you’re close to, who gets special treatment. Phasma, Holloran, me. All because of your childhood connection to Snoke, you just think you have the Order turning in the palm of your hand.” Hux’s jaw tightened and he took another step forward. He reached down and grabbed Barril’s jaw, turning the Colonel’s face up. For a few seconds Hux considered hitting Joran himself, kneeing him in the side, sending him sprawling on the floor. He wanted to hurt Barril, fire take any previous attachments. “Watch your tongue, Colonel.” Hux hissed, standing up and drawing away from the man on his knees. The images flashed through his mind fast, Barril’s nose bloody, Barril naked and tied up, grinning under Hux, Barril clawing at the floor, coughing blood, reeling from Hux’s boot. He took a step back instead, looking over at Ren. He turned then, his back to Ren and Barril, and stalked over to the doors, going through without another word to Joran. «Don’t kill him.» Kylo’s black helmet ducked once, a nod with the gesture of a bow. He looked down at the man on the floor and saw him for what he was now-- no threat. This was an abject thing, nearly below his notice. To kill him would have been a swift thing, an efficient slice with his lightsaber. A shining arc and the snuff of the thing that was Joran Barril’s life in the Force. His heavy boot connected with Barril’s side with a satisfying sound, both from the impact and the air forced out of the colonel’s lungs. With an almost negligent twitch of his fingers, he sent the man flying across the room to crash into the wall before falling to the floor again. Kylo Ren stood still for a moment, watching with an almost clinical detachment while Barril tried to raise himself with jerky movements. It was good to watch him struggle, he thought. It was even better to see the look in the other man’s eyes when he strode across the room toward him. His hand was already out to focus his concentration on Barril’s mind, which would open to him like a fruit split on the hot ground. When he first leaned into his memories, he saw the man’s panic during the battle, his lack of direction as it wore on. As he delved deeper, Barril fought him. When his screams died away, Kylo Ren left the room in blackness. The hall seemed too bright to him and he narrowed his eyes within the helmet. Hux was standing in the hallway outside of the meeting room. He grabbed Ren’s arm and turned him towards the lift, his jaw set. He had felt Ren’s movements, Barril’s fear and panic and hurt. It was satisfying and terrifying, everything Hux wanted. He pushed the exhaustion to the back of his mind, focusing instead on his hand around Ren’s elbow. He only had a few thoughts running through his head, and they were all focused on Kylo Ren. «Good.» Kylo was still slightly out of breath, though he didn’t let any of that show. No matter how he wanted to lean back into the wall of the lift, he kept himself upright, back straight though his shoulders sagged slightly. «He’ll live. For whatever use you have left for him.» «Minimal,» Hux responded, sliding his hand from Kylo’s elbow to his back, his hand spread. «I have many more uses for you.» Without turning his head, Kylo looked to Hux from the corner of his eye. The excitement in the general override his obvious exhaustion; even with his duties finished, there was something more than adrenaline firing through his veins. «Yet you wanted him alive,» Kylo murmured into Hux’s head, statement rather than question, though he didn’t know why Hux had bothered. Maybe it was past affection. Maybe it was just to torment him further. Maybe it was because he didn’t have the authority yet. Or maybe it was because he wanted Barril to remain a living testament to Hux’s new power. How he had not struck the man in anger, nor had he called in stormtroopers and arrested him. He had walked away and left him in the dangerous hands of a man outside the First Order, a man who potentially had no limits. Arrik Hux’s enforcer. «Dead Colonels mean paperwork,» Hux said as he pushed Ren along. He could feel the exhaustion coming off him. “Stay with me, Ren.” Kylo turned to look at him curiously. It was not the type of statement he ever expected to hear from Hux. “I’m right here, general. Do you have more need of me tonight?” Hux swallowed, nodding. He reached and scanned his cylinder, letting them into the officer’s wing and then his own suite. “I do.” Kylo didn’t argue or ask further questions as he walked into the room with Hux. He’d led the general through a battle tonight; Hux could lead him through the rest. Inside, Hux pulled him through the suite gently. He stopped in the middle of the room, reaching up to pull Ren’s head down, his fingers finding the latch. Hux watched his face carefully as he dropped the helmet on the couch. “If you’re tired, leave,” Hux said quietly, taking a step back. “You’ve done well.” “That isn’t why you brought me here,” Kylo answered, not denying that he was tired nor that he’d done well. He was a victor as well as Hux was; he was the instrument and the power and he could feel how badly Hux wanted to touch him and be near him if for no other reason than that. “No,” Hux muttered, pulling off his gloves, tossing them next to the helmet. “It’s not.” “Should I say I’m at your command, general? The battle is won.” He glanced down to watch Hux’s hands, the strangely erotic reveal of his pale skin when the black leather came off. “Well fought, well won.” Hux reached out, pulling Ren close by the loose fabric of his tunic, pulling him down to kiss him. He bit at Ren’s lip and nearly growled, tightening his grip on the fabric. “Well earned.” There it was, the lust that had pulled at his mouth before Hux had moved in closer. He let the general hold him down to his level, meeting his eyes and trying to read them. They were like brilliant blue green marbles that fire could strike if the light hit them just right. “Tell me what you want then?” Kylo made it a soft question, a teasing question. “You, against the wall.” His voice was low. His hands fumbled with Ren’s belt. “I want you to say my name as I fuck you.” Kylo laughed low in his throat, letting Hux’s momentum push him back until his shoulderblades hit the bedroom wall. He’d say his name, the name he was the only one to say. Arrik. Not the name his dead father had given him, and not the puerile version of his name the man likely still writhing on the floor of the situation room had thought was his right to say. “Arrik,” he murmured, leaning down to kiss his mouth, his jaw, to bite hard at his throat and know there would be a possessive mark there tomorrow. “Yeah, you do that...if you’re tall enough.” He laughed again when Hux’s fervor increased. Hux bared his teeth again, pushing him against the glass and quickly undoing the belt and robe. He wanted Ren, all of him. There wasn’t a lot of foreplay when Arrik wanted another man. The lube was flown into Arrik’s hand thanks to Ren, and Arrik had no shame admitting that Kylo’s gift was absolutely necessary to keep the larger man pressed up against the glass. Stars, it was a fucking thrill though. Ren gripped the beams that criss crossed the windows, using his own nearly supernatural strength and the force to keep himself up. At the end of it, Kylo Ren let himself collapse onto the cold floor, dragging Hux with him. He slept there, without fear of being woken. He knew that Hux would sleep deeply as well, for once, and anyone who dared disturb them would be counted a casualty of war. Chapter 3 Chapter by dentigerous Summary: (( remember there are no happy endings )) Hours later, Hux dragged himself off the floor. He was tired enough to not care about how naked he was, and instead focused on pulling Ren onto his feet as well. Together they went back to his bedroom and collapsed. Arrik managed to pull the covers over their two bodies, fighting off the chill of the metal surrounding them. He was still bone tired, and fatigued both mentally and physically from the fight they had won together. Kylo had already wrapped himself around the other man, larger, taller, almost overwhelming him in the bed, warming him even before the blankets could. It was a long night for the two of them, exhausted to their core. They were a shared person during the battle, a shared consciousness larger than the Finalizer , larger than the First Order fleets that surrounded the system. Despite that, small things still happened. At the end of the shift Hux’s pad began to beep, and the officer turned over, trying to push Ren’s arms out of the way to get to the tech. “Stars, someone fucking…” Hux growled, trying to sit up, wincing from the headache that came on as the lights started to slowly rise in his cabin. Kylo was already frowning, eyes closed tightly against the encroaching light. He made an annoyed sound, low and growly, as he brought one hand up and gestured almost clumsily. He closed his fist; there was a crunching noise, then quiet again. “Unnecessary,” Hux muttered, falling back on the bed, running his hands over his eyes. Kylo rolled over onto his stomach, flinging his arm across Arrik’s bare torso. “More than necessary,” he said lowly, voice muffled in the flattened pillow. “That incessant beeping wasn’t anything important.” His head was throbbing, a band of pain already laid across his forehead before he’d opened his eyes. Hux took a deep breath, laying his hand over Kylo’s wrist. He could feel the pain their mediation had caused. It rippled between them, and Hux had to take deep breaths to keep himself focused. “You don’t know that.” “As the leader of the Knights of Ren, I deemed it unimportant,” Kylo mumbled, pulling Hux a little closer to his side. He was tangled in the twisted sheets and blankets. “Dim those lights too, or I will.” Arrik squeezed Kylo’s arm, shifting. “They’re on a kriffing timer.” “You’re telling me you’re building a weapon that blow up a star system, but you can’t turn off the lights.” Kylo turned his head to look at Arrik, eyes still squinted against the brightness in the bedroom. “That’s what you’re telling me?” “I am not prone to laziness,” Hux murmured, shifting to slide his other hand through Ren’s hair. This was a terrible mistake, to find intimacy so easy as this was. “It’s not laziness. I’m asking you to turn the lights out. Asking you to do something so that I can be lazy.” When he was worn out and aching, naked and wrapped in warm blankets and another warm body, there was something of Ben Solo in Kylo Ren, something that crept back into his voice and the way his limbs settled against Hux’s. He sighed quietly, comfortably. Arrik took a deep breath, sighed and gently tweaked Kylo’s hair. “Get my pad.” Kylo smirked, eyes still closed though his lashes moved slightly on his cheeks. He raised the hand that had been resting on Arrik’s side and the muscles in his forearm tensed where he arm lay against the other man’s torso. While he’d crushed one of Hux’s datapads, he knew that there were likely ten in the room that were perfectly serviceable. He called one that he’d noticed on the stand by the desk into his hand, then dropped it onto Hux’s chest. Arrik quickly turned off the lights and put the pad on the shelf by his bedside. He shifted slightly, arching his back and stretching under Kylo. “I’ll be needed soon. You can stay here if you’d like.” “No.” Kylo paused before explaining, sounding slightly smug and sulky at the same time, a strange combination. “You’ll need me there beside you. A reminder.” He tucked his fingers under Arrik’s side again, anchoring him to the bed. Arrik made a noise, wrapping his hand around the back of Kylo’s neck. “You’re an exceptional menace in the morning,” he sighed, taking another deep breath. “Ten more minutes then.” “If you set an alarm for those ten minutes,” Kylo muttered, “I’ll break the alarm and then do unspeakable things to you.” “That’s nothing I haven’t seen before,” Hux said, smirking. “There will be meeting soon.” “Should I be there? Be honest.” Kylo yawned, settling back in comfortably. “I’d like you there.” “Then I’ll be there.” Kylo smiled and opened his eyes. “Can we make an entrance?” “You know that your grandfather had a flair for the dramatic as well,” Arrik muttered, shifting a little and then closing his eyes. «What are you imagining, Lord Ren?» Kylo Ren smiled at the comparison. It was compliment, a sleepy, early, pre-fighting compliment, and he accepted it graciously. He turned toward Hux a bit more, tugging him against his chest when he’d turned onto his side. «We walk in together, your face, hair, uniform severe. You announce that while Barril had been paramount in this quadrant, you had chosen a different commander to leave in charge. You turn to me and make a disgusted sound, then remark, ‘Lord Ren, you could have cleaned the spattered blood off your helmet first.’» The amusement in his mental voice was dark but no less genuine. Arrik made a noise, smirking. «That seems excessive, even for you.» «Do you want to make an entrance or just walk in loudly? You don’t even have a cape,» Kylo Ren’s laughter rippled across Hux’s mind as he leaned in to kiss his jaw. Hux tilted his head up, smirking. He took a deep breath, letting Ren pull him close, hold him tight, kiss him in the dark of the room. «A cape. In between you and Phasma I think there are plenty of capes on board this ship.» “I don’t wear a cape,” Kylo objected in mock anger when he pulled back. “You need to do more research into dramatic fashion.” “No.” Arrik said quietly. He took a deep breath and shifted. “Up.” Kylo shook his head once and kissed his jawline again, then ducked his head to kiss his neck. Even that wasn’t sufficient; he closed his teeth on the skin he’d just kissed, hard enough to mark. “I’m not going to convince you,” the officer murmured, shifting again on the bed. He stayed quiet for a few more minutes before sitting up. “I’m getting ready for the meeting.” Arrik stood, pushing Ren’s arms off him and stretching. “If you’d like to wear a cape for the effect, I won’t discourage you.” Kylo flopped over onto his back, still lazy in the dark as he watched Arrik’s pale back reflect the dim light that was rising again. Hux went through the refresher, not bothering to use water, brushing the grime off with the sonic. He went through his room and got changed quickly, buttoning his jacket collar snugly, making sure that his hair was precise. «I don’t think you will be asked to report at the larger meeting.» By the time Hux was doing up the tiny hidden clasps on his uniform front, Kylo Ren was headed past him to the refresher. «Just give me a time to show up.» «Late.» Hux smirked, looking over at him, tilting his head up. «I’ll pretend to offended. You can make your entrance.» Kylo paused when he was just beside the general, shoulder to shoulder with him as he turned to look at him. The headache beating in his temples would just have to be ignored; he wouldn’t give up victory’s spoils that easily. «Whatever is your pleasure, general.» He leaned down slightly to kiss him, feeling the eternal temptation to bite at his mouth hard enough to split the delicate skin of his lip and taste his blood in his mouth. He let it pass, pulling back and walking to the refresher. Hux was slightly flushed as Ren pulled away, but he didn’t lean into him. He set his back straight and took a deep breath, settling himself. He was the commanding officer. He was the ruling power, he was the conqueror. Arrik Hux took another deep breath, closed his eyes, steeled himself. He was the conqueror. The general left Ren in his rooms, quickly making his way to the bridge. He was fifteen minutes behind his usual schedule, but still early to the meeting. It wouldn’t do for him to be late, and he refused to be anything other than the perfect image of a First Order officer. A First Order conqueror, and one worthy of Star Killer command. The colonels trickled in, again flanked by their corporals and seconds. Phasma stood at the back of the table behind Arrik’s chair, two of the Elect on the other side of the room, on either side of the door. Barril came in, obviously having used some kind of bacta pack to heal the cuts on his face and hands. Hux barely acknowledged his arrival, nodding as he sat down. The debriefing procedure was short, formulaic and, despite the scale of the operation and the massive undertaking on multiple fronts, the meeting wasn’t scheduled to go long. It was broad strokes, and Hux made sure that he knew the answers to every question asked, especially those he asked the other officers. “Colonel Barril, your report on the second phase of the invasion.” Barril set his jaw, looking over at the General. It wasn’t enough of a defiance for anyone to register, but Hux recognized it and tilted his head up, narrowing his eyes slightly. He almost dared Joran Barril to overstate his claims. At the back of the room, away from everyone’s attention, the doors slid open and Kylo Ren walked in smoothly, a surprisingly silent figure for his size. “We focused on the northern flank, unfortunately leaving our central starfighter fleets unprotected.” Barril said evenly, not looking away from Hux. Behind him, Kylo raised his chin slightly, the lights overhead reflected in the silver on his helmet. Hux gestured, indicating that Barril continue. The officer worked his jaw, and then looked down before he responded. “The central starfleet then began their assault, but were exposed. They quickly realized that they were getting beat back, and retreated. We then had to divert forces from another section of the system to recover the ground. Eventually we were able to push back the Marian fighters and break through their defenses.” Kylo walked from the back of the room, jostling Barril’s chair without needing to touch it.There was a tangible drop in temperature in the room, though there was no movement of air, no cold breeze. He didn’t say anything, just walked up to stand beside Hux. The whole room was silent, hushed and breathless and waiting for someone to say something. The pitted faceplate of Kylo Ren’s helmet gave nothing away, though he smirked behind the imposing facade. Finally, he gestured with a gloved hand. “Go on, Colonel. Continue.” Barril glanced at Kylo and then over at the General. Hux’s eyes were steely. “That’s the report, Lord Ren,” Barril said, not looking away from Hux. “After we received support from Colonel Elmisand, we broke the Marian lines and proceeded to bomb the cities on the surface.” “Good that you had someone telling you what to do, Colonel. Left in your hands, the fleet would be lost.” Kylo’s voice was full of malice, all jagged, unforgiving edges. His hand clenched by his side. He could feel the tension in the room, the fear that moved around him, inspired by his presence. He wanted to bloody Barril’s face again. More than that, he wanted Arrik to watch and enjoy it. He wanted to cup Hux’s pale cheek with a bloody hand and see the mark his fingers left on his face. Barril worked his jaw, glaring at the table. He glanced up at Hux, as if asking if this was entirely necessary. Hux tilted his head up slightly, gesturing to Elmisand for her report. It was obvious that Colonel Barril had been excused further embarrassment. «That’s enough, Ren.» Enough. What was enough? But Kylo Ren let himself step back slightly, more shadowed when he wasn’t directly under the overhead light. Hux continued with the rest of the meeting without event. As he stood up at the end of the meeting, the entire room did as well, Barril less than a second behind everyone else. General Arrik Hux didn’t look at anyone else in the room as left, sweeping out without pause. Inside the meeting room Barril set his jaw and placed his hands on the table. He took a deep breath and glanced over at his Corporals. Kylo Ren waited a moment, taking in the feelings of the room. He turned his helmet toward Barril, just silent and triumphant, before he walked out after Hux. Hux didn’t turn, moving through the bridge to his position at his command station. He looked over his shoulder as Ren followed him, but quickly shifted his sights ahead. The officers would be leaving soon, and the time of his ultimate accomplishment was drawing nearer. «We are returning to Star Killer. Tell your Knights to leave or follow as you wish.» Star Killer was a place he was not eager to see again, but Kylo pushed his instinctive disgust down as he watched Hux’s straight back. «I will consult with the Supreme Leader to see where we are needed.» «We will speak to him when we return to the base.» Kylo raised his eyebrows, though the expression was lost on the general. He stepped up to walk beside him, momentarily lengthening his stride. «Then all my Knights will accompany me,» he told Hux, curious about the man’s reaction. Hux tilted his head up, not looking over at Ren. He knew how it seemed, the two of them moved with a singular purpose, worked in tandem with each other. It was seamless and it unsettled the crew and officers around them. Even Phasma had remarked on the strangeness of it. All of it just proved to Hux not only how special Ren was, but how special he was, too. He nodded his approval and turned back towards the universe in front of him. Soon the time would come when he would make his presence known, not just to the Resistance and the Senate, but the entire Universe. He smirked, tilting his head up. His time would come. Soon, the entire universe would know the name Hux. The journey back to Star Killer Base was uneventful. The Faultless and the Vindication returned to their respected posts, Elmisand taking her place as paramount in the quadrant. A few days after their arrival saw the two of them standing in front of the large holochamber. Only a week or so until the complete and utter destruction of the Senate and Hux was practically radiating with self importance. He and Ren had continued their casual liaison, touching each other in private, but not quite regularly. Hux had anticipated that Snoke would want to speak to them together, and had to remind Ren that their connection endangered them. He also had to remind himself, at times. To anyone looking at him at that moment, Kylo Ren was unmovable and closed off to the rest of the galaxy. His only connection was to the Force, and that was as natural to him as breathing. His feet were planted apart as he waited for the call to begin, face neutral even behind the faceplate of his mask. “You’ve already sent your account of the battle, haven’t you?” he asked the man beside him, attention still faced forward. “A comprehensive briefing, yes.” Hux was coming to hate the limitations of speech, preferring their mental connection over anything else. Quite simply, spoken words didn’t seem enough, didn’t seem appropriate for the enormity of the two of them. Part of this was, he knew, absolute hubris. “I haven’t been told what this meeting is regarding. I have a suspicion it’s regarding the ultimate purpose of Star Killer.” The mention of the weapon’s name brought the taste of bile to the back of Kylo’s mouth, no matter how he tried to inure himself to the the deadness of the planet, the weapon that had grown like a cancer in the hollowed out rock beneath his feet. He was grateful that this moment found him closed off from Hux. The man’s devotion to Star Killer was too much for him to process, even though he knew the First Order’s need for such a weapon was obvious. It was a power that would prove the Order’s imminent rise as the new authority throughout the galaxy. “I doubt I’m needed in a meeting of that sort. I have little to do with that particular...aspect of the First Order’s offensive,” he replied carefully. “You were asked for, Lord Ren,” Hux said softly, tilting his head up slightly. “I’m sure there was a reason.” The lights dimmed as the shutters along the windows slid upwards, covering the scant light that seeped in. Behind them, a small flashing bulb warned of Snoke’s appearance, casting strange shadows. Hux took a deep breath, steeling himself, using some of the new techniques Ren had taught him. He knew that he was still nothing, his defences far less than anything that would stand up to even a minor assault on his psyche. Still, it was something. Snoke flickered into existence, his long fingers gripping his hewn throne. He nodded once, leaning forward. “Lord Ren. General Hux.” “We stand before you victorious, Supreme Leader, thanks to your guidance,” Kylo immediately answered, bowing low with his black gloved hands in fists by his sides. He was sure that that Hux hadn’t shared their true technique with Snoke. It was too much to tell him, too much to give up of themselves. He let himself feel a slight flare of fear in his stomach. Hux could give him up. It was a possibility, wasn’t it? It always had been. But Arrik wouldn’t now. Not now. He knew what it was like to kiss his inner thighs and caress his mind with a voice no one else could hear. Kylo Ren took a deep breath as he straightened, looking up at the projection of his master. General Hux inclined his head, listened to Ren talk, turning to look at him for only a few seconds before facing Snoke again. “I have been informed of your victories.” It was the plural you, Ren and Hux, Knight and General. “I am satisfied with the competence displayed. The conquests of the Flesaram and Botaran systems are not inconsequential.” Snoke shifted, sitting up straighter against his stone chair. “The time is drawing near, soon the destruction of the Senate will echo across our universe.” At this proclamation, Hux seemed to grow a few inches beside Ren. “There is one complication,” Snoke continued. “The Resistance has become suspicious of our activities. They do not yet know the location of Star Killer, but as soon as the weapon is fired we will be revealed.” Hux pressed his mouth and didn’t answer. They had almost impenetrable shields, and surface canons on the base to protect the planet. Above them, the Finalizer was viewable from the surface of Star Killer, a phantom dagger ready to cut through any who might stand in her way. “Lord Ren, you and your Knights will patrol the area for any sign of the Resistance. Should any appear, you will inform General Hux, and then proceed to eliminate them. Any appearance near the Star Killer System should be seen as a threat to our purpose.” Hux pushed down the feeling of being passed over. It was unfair to Kylo Ren. The Knight had fought hard for the distinction, and he had his own important honors. He took a deep breath, ignored the split second of petty jealousy and he realized that immediately after doing so, he allowed to feel proud of Ren instead. It wasn’t pride Kylo felt, however; it was the sense of duty, a complete lack of surprise that he would be given what was essential a patrol responsibility. “General, continue your tests. We must remain on schedule.” “Within the month, there will be no more Republic,” Hux stated firmly. “We will prepare the weapon.” “Very good, General.” Snoke shifted backward. “Your victories do much to increase your reputation and further the causes of the First Order. Consider your next few weeks carefully, as they will determine the future of the entire universe.” There it was again, the confirmation of what Arrik already knew. His own importance, his own place in the universe. He nodded once, pushing down the grandiose ideas. It wouldn’t help him. “You are dismissed. I need to speak with Kylo Ren alone.” “Yes, Supreme Leader.” Hux inclined his head and turned away from the holoscreen. He didn't’ look at Ren, didn't give him any consideration as he left the chamber. Everything was closed off, they had to be. The doors slid closed and Snoke leaned forward, the room becoming icy, chilled with his power. “You will face a great test, my young knight.” Kylo Ren felt the second Hux had left the room, though he could still feel the light of him in the ship. Even as carefully guarded and walled up as he’d made his mind, sensing Hux somewhere nearby was more instinct than conscious skill. He raised his chin slightly, feeling the power and not yielding anything to it. Not yet. “Tell me of my next mission, Supreme Leader. I am ready to go wherever you command me.” Anything to get away from this weapon as the countdown continued. He felt how pointless it was to pretend that he’d be sent to another system, but something in him needed to say it aloud. “My order stands, Knight. You will remain with Star Killer.” Snoke said, tilting his head up. “I cannot keep this trial from you. Meditate and reflect on your future, find the thread that leads you forward and walk along it.” Kylo Ren blinked twice inside the confines of his helmet. He wanted to argue, to scream. That overwhelming urge to escape rose up in him briefly before he quashed it. He couldn’t imagine what it would feel like to stand on this weapon when it fired. He didn’t know if he’d be able to keep his feet. His voice was a dispassionate monotone when he finally spoke, bowing his head with deference that was real but acceptance that was not. “Of course, Supreme Leader. My future is tied to the future of the First Order and the return from chaos the galaxy will finally be ready for.” Kylo bowed further, not realizing how tightly he was gripping the edges of his heavy wrap where it fell at his sides. “Of course.” Snoke’s tone was icy, he heard the distance in Kylo Ren’s words. “A fast, four days.” Kylo Ren pressed his mouth, but embraced the order. He needed to clear his head, clear himself. He’d never been good at meditation, preferring to speak his thoughts aloud to sort through them, but perhaps this would be good. The purity of his empty body in the silence of this empty, dead planet. “I will do it, Supreme Leader. I wish to grow...closer to what I can become.” He licked his lips, which suddenly felt dry. “I know there’s more for me to learn.” “You must examine your place. If you what to grow into your potential you must truly know yourself.” “Self-examination will only take me so far,” Kylo insisted, stepping forward on the holopad. “That is true. But you have not yet realized what you are capable of.” Snoke said, voice low and gravelly. “Continue to reflect on your own purpose.” Kylo’s fists clenched at his sides again. Reflection was for those too weak to take action, too indecisive to take final steps. “When will you show me more?” he pressed, knowing that he was potentially going too far. Snoke raised his hand, fingers spread out. The power didn’t come slowly, it came down fast and hard, pressure increasing in the room. “When you are ready, Kylo Ren,” he growled. “Not before.” Kylo’s eyes closed quickly, but he didn’t flinch otherwise. He’d come to learn how to let some of the power roll off him, releasing it back into the Force. He took a deep breath and looked up at his master again. “I endeavor to have patience, Supreme Leader. It’s only that I want to be as much as I can, all of my potential fulfilled.” Kylo Ren shook his head once before stepping back. “You will, in time.” Snoke sat back, his hand dropping. “Four days, and then four days again.” “What?” Kylo frowned deeply, looking down then up again. Was this penance for asking about his training? He watched the Supreme Leader’s face for some hint of his intention, but as usual, the sentient’s face was impassive. A total of eight days of meditation, four fast days, then a rest, then four more. By the end of the last, he wasn’t sure if he’d feel purified or just ready to kill the next person who spoke to him. “I...yes, Supreme Leader.” He bowed slightly again. Snoke’s head tilted up and he slid his hands back on the arms of the seat. He nodded once. “Very good. The next time I speak to you the Republic will cease to exist, and you will be able to claim your place among the new order.” “I am ready and eager for that day.” The Republic had never done anything for him but tell him he was too dangerous and pull his parents apart. He’d lived well on its failings and loopholes, its corrupt representatives out on remote stations and planets. He had no doubts that it should fall, that it should fall. If only the feeling in the pit of his stomach would go away. Snoke seemed slightly more satisfied, and he nodded, shifting back on the chair. “Go. I will speak to you soon.” Kylo Ren’s bow was perfectly executed, low and subservient but with control behind it. That was, perhaps, the lesson he’d learned most keenly from the Supreme Leader. How to control himself, his words, his actions. He’d never believed that he needed it before; his role models had been people who said they had control, but never seemed to. His violent outbursts had been deadened by the torture Snoke had imposed on him in the snowy forest. If he could channel it all into enough fights, if he could just continually be tossed into battles on one planet and then directly sent to the next, he could do this. His connection to the Force was as strong as ever, as was his desire to destroy his Master. If what he’d read was was true, that was no surprise. It seemed even the greatest Sith lords had felt similar emotions and had used them to great effect. “Thank you, Supreme Leader.” Snoke inclined his head, not needing to tell his young apprentice anything else. Snoke knew that Kylo Ren would be monitored, reported on, assessed. He gestured and his own transmission faded away, leaving only a chill in the large room. Kylo turned and walked away from the giant projection. The first half of his master’s imposed fast passed easily; he spent the days alone, training and in meditation, readily ignoring his body’s need for fuel. He hadn’t always had square meals ready to go when he’d been training with his uncle or when he’d been traveling on the Falcon (thinking about his ship still hurt him somewhere deeply, pinging with crystalline pain like a kyber shattering). As much as he hated the lonely silence, he could recognize it was good for him. As though he was with his other Knights, he kept his helmet on as he pushed himself past his usual endurance, and he felt his muscles and mind responding. By the end of the four days, he was hungry and ate his allowed meal with gusto. Even then, he didn’t let himself go too far. The food was carefully measured out, just enough, eaten slowly and deliberately. Not a thing to be enjoyed, this meal was just a biological necessity. (He remembered cooking noodles that were too spicy and dessert that was too sweet for Arrik Hux.) That night, he slept well, deeply, even while his skin still crawled at the silence of the dead planet beneath him. No matter how much activity was happening, he felt the void like a thrumming in his chest. The next four days, he told himself when he woke to his early alarm, shouldn’t be any worse. But by the second day, he had a headache as he stood beside Phasma to oversee her Elite’s maneuvers and day three found him stalking the halls without any purpose at all, angry without any reason at all. Although Hux hasn’t been told, he quickly realized that Kylo had been assigned some kind of crucible of denial. He barely saw Kylo Ren for four days, noticed that his meals weren’t being delivered. He barely spoke to the knight; he had his own prerogatives. Almost a week later, Phasma mentioned Ren’s short responses and terse behavior, asking if Hux had any knowledge of their cause. Hux was curious, but decided not to interfere; if Ren was undergoing a trial, he would be alerted when it was appropriate. He was sure that an unnecessary interruption would not be taken well. After the meeting through which he’d stood silently in the back of the room and heard nothing that was being said, Kylo Ren glanced up when one of the petty officers approached him nervously. “Lord Ren. You’d requested your shuttle be made ready. Unfortunately…” The man swallowed, eyes flicking up to watch the blank mask, his imagination running with what could be underneath. A face as disfigured as Darth Vader’s? A monster that was half metal and half ruined flesh? He hesitated too long. “Yes?” Kylo Ren prompted him in a harsh tone, one hand tightening by his side. He needed to get off this Force-empty rock even for a few hours. He needed to feel something else. His unseen eyes bored into the increasingly terrified officer. “Unfortunately,” he repeated, hoping the full sentence would give him strength and, perhaps, protection. “The request has been denied.” “It wasn’t a request,” Kylo Ren said, the vocoder punctuating his words, giving them the sound of rolling thunder in the distance. The officer didn’t feel that it was distant enough; he stepped back, hoping, perhaps, that he was out of range. “I’m sorry, Lord Ren, but that’s all I was--” He didn’t have a chance to finish the sentence as Kylo Force-threw him across the room, where he hit a bank of monitors hard before falling. The sound of the lightsaber humming to life crackled across the planet’s silence in Ren’s head. He ignored the downed officer, who scrambled to pick himself up. The man knelt in stunned horror as the pressure mounted in the room, feeling his ears pop as the Knight spun with his lightsaber and demolished the screen behind him with all of its analytic bars and star maps. He didn’t stop when the glass broke; the lightsaber crashed through the consoles beside it, the smaller screens with their scrolling numbers. There were high pitched alarms shrieking in the room, but their screams were cut short when Kylo Ren chopped through their power source. The air in the room smelled scorched and chemical when the officer finally managed to gather himself and dart out through the side door, leaving the Knight to demolish everything that blinked, everything with power, everything that gave a read out or made a noise. The officer ran down the halls almost blindly at first, fearing that the dark column of danger and rage they called Kylo Ren would follow him, would drag him back and add pieces of his body to the altar of his anger. Eventually he came to himself and moved with more purpose, directly to the general’s office. General Hux was the only person on Starkiller who could stop Kylo Ren, the man thought. Or maybe he could protect everyone from him, at least. Hux looked up sharply as the officer scrambled into his office, without invitation or consideration. He stood up, hands on his desk, was about to demand an explanation when he saw the abject terror in the officer’s eyes. “It’s Lord Ren, sir,” the officer gasped, gesturing behind himself, “he’s gone mad, destroying everything.” The general didn’t even bother to respond to the terrified officer, steeling himself and grabbing his coat as he left his office. He reached out to Ren, but all his mental reach found was something impenetrable and dense. He didn’t have to search very hard, various alarms and holopad notifications pointing him directly towards the errant Knight. The door of the tech room was broken, half open, smoke seeping out of the room. A group of technicians were clustered a few feet away from the entrance and Hux wasn’t sure if he should be disgusted by Ren’s temper or appreciative that none of them were putting themselves directly in front of the raging knight. He pushed the door open fully, glaring at Ren’s back. “Enough!” The room was a mess of melted plastic and sparking, disconnected wires. Kylo stood hunched over slightly, shoulders visibly lifting and falling as he caught his breath. His stance was wide, the jagged edge of his lightsaber spitting down by his leg as he held it down. The rage had dissipated, spent on the equipment around him. He was so trapped here, in this room, on this planet. The Supreme Leader had wanted him to learn more patience, more restraint, but that’s why he’d come to him in the first place, because he hadn’t wanted to be told that anymore. He wanted to test the outer limits of his power. He didn’t want to be told to wait. He didn’t want to be told ‘enough.’ Kylo Ren turned as though ready to face a new opponent, knees slightly bent. Hux met his gaze without trepidation, holding himself tightly. He looked over Ren quickly, noted everything, saw his shoulders, the extent of the damage, how ready Ren was for a fight. He took a step back, gesturing. “Come with me.” It was an order, not a suggestion, and Hux turned, walking purposefully down the hallway. Kylo let some distance grow between them, but there was never any question of whether he would go or not. He quickly thumbed the lightsaber switch and the plasma blade was swallowed back into the hilt as he strode out of the room, ignoring the flinching tech team by the door. As though he’d waste his time on them now. Hux’s pace was brisk, but it wasn’t difficult for Kylo to catch up to him as followed the sense of him rather than even watching him. There was residual anger around the general, but it wasn’t like his anger in the past that had been directed at the Knight specifically. He didn’t speak, even though he was curious about where they were going exactly. They’d passed the turnoffs for both the officers’ living quarters and the general’s office. Hux continued through the base, heading to a small armament room. It was full of blasters and armor, the in-between place where troopers would congregate to suit up for any kind of land battle. Not that there would ever be a need for that, but it never hurt to be so prepared. He took off his coat and uniform jacket, glancing over at Ren. Hux didn’t say anything, turning to pull down an insulated coat, securing a trooper’s body armor along his forearms. He found a heavy scarf, fastened a belt around his waist and put three blasters in the holsters. The whole process took less than a minute before he stood in front of the entrance, gloved hand on the door’s lock, the wildling snow of Kinath-I falling outside, little wind disturbing its downward path. “Do I get a five minute head start or shall I have the honor of chasing you down?” Kylo Ren stared at him for a long minute, taking in this image from half forgotten dreams, seeing the way the armor fit around Hux’s arms as though it was made for him...or he was made to fit into it, like the standard bodies of the clone troopers from so long ago. He registered the blasters next, then his hand on the lock panel. In a flash, he knew this, Hux’s hair as bright as blood on snow, the rest of him obscured, white on white on white. His own shape a shadow, more terrifying because of how visible he could be when he chose to be. He walked to the door, waiting to be let out, waiting to be released. “You can try to find me,” he muttered. He set his hand against the door; it vibrated under his energy. Hux nodded once and without ceremony pressed the door’s lock. Kylo said nothing else to him, arm brushing against the general as he quickly walked out the door. It was cold, but not bitter; it promised a new snow storm soon, meaning the temperature couldn’t drop too low. He wanted to breathe in air with that sort of crispness to it, but he knew he shouldn’t take his helmet off, especially this close to the command center. He walked a few steps, then started running when the trees came into view. He wanted to feel it, every part of this, the icy ground under his feet and the cold making it through his clothes, and knowing that Hux was behind him, and closer than he thought. Once he made it to the trees, he changed his course, feeling for the Force moving through them, the life that they still had. It didn’t take long until Hux couldn’t see Kylo Ren. He closed the door, closed his eyes and waited another few minutes before setting out himself. The snow wasn’t coming down fast enough to completely obscure Kylo’s footprints, and he jogged comfortably until he reached the treeline. Kylo’s tracks ended abruptly, two massive indents where he had pushed off, using the Force to propel him into the trees. Hux unholstered his weapon, changing the setting so it was something a little more than stun but not quite lethal. He primed the charge, walking through the trees slowly, looking around. He was the hunter, he was primal, instinct in a tightly coiled frame. However, the creature he was hunting was a predator, and for all that Kylo Ren was being hunted, he tracked Hux at the same time. He kept himself high, enjoying the challenge of staying quiet and out of range, giving the man on the ground just enough to let him follow him. The general wasn’t blind, and even if Ren hadn’t been making noise, he would have been able to track him; the Knight had dislodged snow from branches, wasn’t following an unpredictable pattern, he was leading him into the forest, into the parts of Starkiller that were still Kinath-I, grown and tree-laden. He didn’t look up too often, letting himself be led. Kylo moved (he heard it, he was alert, the hunter, ready) and he moved forwards quickly, around a tree, behind a second, hiding his tracks, removing himself twice from his original place on the ground. He breathed slowly, heard Kylo, knew him, and he turned quickly, shooting at the knight three times before turning against the tree again, wary of a redirected blast. Kylo Ren leaned back, flattening himself against the smooth bark of the tree to avoid being shot. He was surprised that they passed so close; he’d been lazy, and too dismissive of Hux’s abilities, which he knew of firsthand. He smiled to himself behind the helmet and gestured with his right hand, bringing up a little snow flurry in front of Hux while he jumped down and headed in another direction. He pulled out his lightsaber, cutting through several lower branches. He wanted Hux to see those, to remember the danger of playing with him. He knew that the man was still close enough to hear the hum of the blade. Then he pulled himself up into one of the trees again. The snow obscured Hux’s vision, and he pulled the scarf over his nose and mouth, turning around the tree again. The snow settled and he took a deep breath, moving through the trees carefully, listening. Kylo wasn’t as eager now, moving more carefully. He saw the snow on the ground, fallen from branches, and then the branches themselves, sheared from the trees. He paused, took a deep breath and looked upwards, trying to determine where Kylo had gone. Hux wasn’t hiding, standing in between trees, slowly, carefully turning around, the scarf falling around his neck, gun up and ready, waiting. It was impossible to be silent in this place; the rest of the world was too quiet. He could extend his senses to hear the steadiness of Hux’s heartbeat, had he wanted to. But that would make it too easy; he wanted to draw him in while they tested one another. Moving as quietly as he could, he led him deeper into the wooded area, where there were huge boulders thrust up from the ground and showing black against the snow. He doubled back, moving carefully and quietly at first until he had moved past Hux’s position. Then he let himself jump quickly through branches, finally returning to the ground as he headed for a clearing. Hux took slow, deep breaths, turning around slowly, eyes up. He thought he heard something and he turned quickly, shooting at nothing. He blinked and then heard it again, and he set off, following Ren into the open area. Kylo smiled when he heard the distant shots; his ruse had worked and his grin was feral where it was hidden. He kept to the edge of the clearing, using the taller rocks as shields. Creeping to the far side of the oblong ring, he waited with his lightsaber hilt in his hand, thumb near the switch. The general turned slowly, thought he saw a shadow and continued to turn, watching the cracks in between the low boulders. His thoughts jumped suddenly to the boulders on Arkanis, the uprooted garden, the destroyed terrace. It was something beautiful and thrilling, and he felt the desire stick in his throat. Kylo felt the desire as well, hand tightening on the hilt he held against his thigh as he crouched slightly, unable to see Hux from behind the rock, but able to feel him, hear him. He wanted to watch him, suddenly, to see the hunter’s calm in his pale eyes, knowing the slight tensing of the muscles in his jaw would be the only thing to give him away. He moved his free hand and the bare branches above their heads rustled against one another. «Come find me.» They weren’t words so much as a calling, a taunt, an invitation. To the game, to danger, to bed. Hux had been right; this was what he’d needed. At the rustling branches Hux turned quickly, eyes darting upwards before turning towards Kylo’s hiding place. He didn’t know, he just had a feeling, something in the pit of his stomach. He continued to stare at the boulders, walking to the edge of the clearing, gun up. He moved forward again, going slowly, and as soon as he spotted Kylo he shot at him, five times in quick succession. The crimson glow of the lightsaber was reflected against the undisturbed snow beneath him; Kylo Ren felt, strangely, as though he was the first sentient who’d ever walked here. He deflected the shots, careful not to aim them back directly at the general, but he knew that Hux knew it was intentional. That he was playing with him. He wanted Hux to make it more dangerous. There was nothing in Kylo Ren that was afraid; this far away from the base, this deep in the snow and the silence, he felt powerful, a deity in a dead land. The Knight gestured with his fingers. “Well, come on. Hunter.” «Hunter.» He whispered it into Hux’s mind, letting the letters flow slowly between them. Hux bared his teeth, the chill rattling his jaw, and he drew his second weapon. Both were set at non-lethal charges, but it wasn’t as if Ren would be able to tell. Hux wasn’t particularly worried about hitting the Knight, he was much more concerned about a deflected shot to his chest. He wasn’t sure how benevolent Kylo was feeling at any moment. He ran forward, crouched behind a boulder, turned and used it as a shield, shooting at Ren with both guns. Kylo jumped up onto one of the rocks, ducking away from the shots and sending them away from himself with the lightsaber, meeting each bolt with a sure swing. Even though it always fought him slightly, he knew how to compensate, and the lightsaber was still an extension of him, of the way he used the Force. It arced in a jagged flashed, sending one of the bolts careening into the thing, brittle trunk of one of the trees near them. The tree crashed down, its base destroyed by the blast. Hux ducked, covering his head with his braced forearms, sliding in between two of the boulders to protect from the branches that rained down as the trunk crashed only a few feet away. He took quick, short breaths, shaking off the snow that fell, and pulled himself up onto the trunk. Hux knew where Ren was, and immediately turning to face him, setting his feet on the boulders, pausing for barely a second before he jumped towards him, across the boulders, letting off precise blasts. Kylo held his ground, deflecting those shots before making an impossible jump across the ring of unevenly spaced stones. He turned to meet another volley, feeling it through the Force when Hux turned to fire at him again. This was different from the training room, from the quiet sterility of those sessions. As intense as they’d felt at the time, they paled to this, to this actual hunt, to seeing in Hux’s eyes what those who’d fallen to his shots on rebelling planets, conquered moons, had seen. And he himself faced the other man as the dark killer he was known as by everyone in the galaxy who’d never known his face and had only ever seen this mask. Hux slid on the icy surface of one of the boulders, falling to his knees on the ground, ignoring the shots of pain through his legs. He couldn’t risk dropping his weapons, and he felt as if the plasma blasts were the only things keeping Kylo back. “Run, then!” The sight of the general on his knees in the snow brought that feral smile to Kylo’s face again. He almost lazily turned the lightsaber by his side, watching the snow evaporate on contact with the blade from the corner of his eye. Without advancing or retreating, he raised his hand and dragged Hux to his feet with the Force. After a long moment, he walked toward Hux, lightsaber still humming by his side. He stood in front of the general and just watched his face, how furious he was to be held there. “Run?” The officer struggled against the invisible bonds, hair falling into his face. He was livid, he felt powerless (he was powerless like this) and he pulled at his arms, trying to bring up the gun, wanting to press it into Ren’s side, against his chest, his shoulder. Hux couldn’t even speak as he resisted, his jaw set, his knees locked. The tension in Hux’s body resonated back through the Force to Kylo Ren and he let himself just enjoy it. He held him for a minute more before exerted his power again to push the other man against the trunk of a tree just behind him, hearing the soft exhalation when his breath was knocked out of him by the impact. The Knight brought his gloved hand up to Hux’s face, trailing his fingers down over his features, down past his eyes, over his mouth, letting his fingertips pull Hux’s bottom lip down a bit. “Maybe you should run,” he suggested maliciously, hand sliding down to wrap around the general’s throat. His thumb caressed the side of his neck before he squeezed lightly, watching Hux’s eyes. Hux glared at Kylo, barely able to tilt his head up, letting Ren press against his throat. Anger, annoyance, eagerness, something rage-filled and wanting in his eyes, but not a trace of fear. He managed to squeeze the trigger on one of the guns, the blast searing a small patch of earth by their feet. A challenge. «I should skin you.» Kylo Ren’s laugh was low as it bubbled through the vocoder, distorted and deep. “You’d have to control me first. Hold me down first. Kill me first.” He let his hand tighten on Hux’s neck, smelling the scorched earth below them. He wanted to taste his mouth, wanted blood on it. He clipped his lightsaber to his belt and grabbed Hux’s wrist, shoving his gun hand down as he turned the man face-first to the tree, pushing his cheek against the bark as he released him with the Force and just held him with his own strength. Hux pushed back against Ren, pressing against him. This was a rough place to be fucked, and Hux didn’t come out here to rut in the woods. “Do you want a hunt or not, Ren?” he hissed, trying to turn his shoulders to get a better view of the taller man. Kylo pressed his hips forward against the general’s ass, shoving his face harder against the tree trunk. “I do...I do.” He wanted to bite the back of his neck hard enough to make him bleed. Instead, he shoved him down past the tree, scraping his cheekbone on his way down to his knees in the snow. Before Hux could gather himself, Kylo Ren had already turned away and was gone, leaving the man alone in the clearing. Hux turned on his knees, ignoring the searing pain on his face. He had his weapon up but Kylo was not darkening his vision, there was only white and gray. Taking a deep breath, he pressed his back against the tree again, pausing for a minute, closing his eyes, focusing on the thrumming string that tied his being to Kylo’s. Centering himself, Hux opened his eyes, checked the charges on his guns and found the path forward. He nodded and ran forwards, following the small trail markers that Kylo had left behind, unwittingly or on purpose. Kylo felt Hux moving behind him, and he led him into the trees again. The sky was darkening slightly overhead, the grey turning deeper and making the snow seem thicker as it fell. It was good to feel the general’s resolve, his anger; it fed into Kylo’s own, into the darkness of the Force that he was calling on to jump higher, to run faster. He wanted to face him again, to see his lightsaber a streak of light in the oncoming night. He wanted to see the red reflection in Hux’s eyes. The landscape around him grew rocky again and he darted by a formation that almost seemed manmade. Behind it, the snow spread out before him, unmarred by life or destruction. Hux followed quickly, silently. He spotted Kylo, and it was an instinct at this point, he raised both guns and shot them at the man’s back. The general barely took a breath before he slammed his back against the tree, turning away from the Knight. It would be hard to tell where exactly Hux was, but he knew that Kylo would be better than most at guessing. Tilting his head, he took another deep breath and took a quick step away from the tree, turning to shoot at Kylo again. The moment after deflecting the shots to protect himself was intense, and Kylo Ren turned before he’d even inhaled again. He made an abortive sound when he realized that his swing would carry him too far; he’d let himself fall into the dark side of the Force, and it wanted blood on snow. He felt the impact even as he pulled himself back, fighting the momentum and the juddering power of the blade in his hand as the tip of it caught Hux’s unprotected front. He had no way of knowing how deeply he’d cut; the plasma blade cut through flesh and bone as easily as it cut through fabric. He dimly heard the hilt fall to the ground a second before his knees did as he grabbed for Hux’s body. “Arrik!” He frantically reached up to hit the lock switch on his helmet, ripping it off his head and tossing it to the side so he could look at the limp man he was balancing in one arm. It was dark and quiet around them and his hands were shaking as he pulled Hux’s scarf away from his face. Everything was dead on this planet and he felt the cold seeping into him, chilling his bones where he knelt, hand against Hux’s slack cheek. He could smell the burned flesh and he almost gagged on his panic and fear. “Arrik!” Hux was going into shock. The muscles had been seared apart, it hurt to breath, it hurt to move his arms, it hurt more than even Snoke’s Force torture had hurt. This was such a different pain. His eyelashes fluttered, closed and then his eyes opened, he turned to look up at Kylo’s mask...no, his face. Arrik’s face was pale, mouth bloodless, and he couldn’t form words, couldn’t even think along their connection, waves of pain threatening to overtake him. He swallowed, let Kylo move him, and then fell unconscious, a long black line of charred flesh extending from navel to jugular notch. Kylo Ren pulled him completely into his arms, standing with him and making an anguished sound when he felt the heaviness of him, the emptiness of his limbs. Leaving his lightsaber in the snow, he turned to make his way back to the base, feeling the loss of light all around him. Notes: A quick reminder! Our Tumblr is here , and if you say Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find them and got sucked into the Gradence trashheap...you're not alone! So did we! Follow our experimental Gradence/Gravebones fic here. I'm super proud of this fic; it won't be the breadth of Corruption but it will be aesthetically On Point. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 7 of the The Corruption of Ben Solo series