Hux narrows his eyes, and examines the young man’s picture one final time. Dark hair. Prominent nose. Freckles. Dark hair. Prominent nose. Freckles. It’s not a very high quality image, but his choice was limited both by the lack of variety offered by the agency, and his own, very specific, needs. When he’s got as good a memory of the man’s face as he can, he checks his own appearance in the mirror one final time, before heading out of his hotel room to the elevator. The elevator is mirrored too, and Hux looks round at reflections of himself from various angles, repeating infinitely. Not that seeing himself repeated this many times will ever change the uncanny feeling of alienation he feels looking in the mirror every morning to see a face he doesn’t quite recognise, but at least he can check that he’s looking presentable. Seeing yourself as a stranger certainly helps in situations when you need to accurately assess your own attractiveness. Hux leaves the elevator and walks out into the hotel lobby, making for the bar. There are a far greater variety of lifeforms and in far greater numbers on this planet than he’s been exposed to before. Perhaps the reason the First Order sends newly trained officers here on their first shore leave is to broaden their horizons, increase their understanding of the cultures they’d no doubt soon be wiping out. Whatever the rationale, cerebral matters are usually far from most of the officers’ priorities upon disembarking on the world’s surface. The young people of the First Order have almost without exception never been to a world not under the regime’s strict control before. Upon having some measure of freedom, their response is invariably to get intoxicated and laid, usually in that order. Hux’s peers have chosen to stay in cheaper hotels, nearer to the city’s party district, hopeful of enticing some fellow reveller back to their meagre quarters after a night of brightly coloured, troublingly inexpensive drinks on the strip. Hux himself, feigning disinterest in sexual pursuits, has selected a pricier residence much further away. The truth of the matter is not that Hux doesn't want to utilise this opportunity for sexual adventurousness, but merely that he’s far too finicky in all matters to leave anything to chance. And besides, he has some particular interests he wants to pursue that a one night stand from a dingy club cannot reasonably be expected to fulfil. Entering the bar, Hux glances around, trying to appear casual. It’s not too busy, and there’s only one other young human male in the place. He’s leaning against the bar, swirling a drink in a glass. He looks up as Hux enters, and his gaze lingers before he looks down, apparently abashed. It’s not the kind of conduct one would expect from an experienced whore, but Hux is oddly charmed by the young man’s display of hesitancy, whether real or feigned. He makes his way over to him, trying to get a closer look, to see if his features match his vague memories of the photo on the holonet. Dark hair. Prominent nose. Freckles. Everything about him is as it ought to be, as far as Hux can remember. He’s a little younger than Hux expected him to be, but if anything that’s an unexpected plus. His hair is a little shorter, cut above his ears, but that doesn’t necessarily mean anything. People, Hux reminds himself, can cut their hair. These things, Hux reflects, are so much easier in military organisations, where rank is evident even if one can’t recall who someone is by their appearance. He wishes civilian life followed the same model. Just call everyone ‘Lieutenant’ and be done with it. He reaches the bar, and stands there, a respectable distance from the other young man. He looks around again. There’s only one human male, and he’s got the dark hair. He’s got the prominent nose. He’s got the freckles. Logically, it has to be him. ‘Good evening,’ says Hux, approaching him openly now. The young man fumbles with his drink, nearly dropping it, before looking up to make eye contact. They’re about the same height, although he’s a little broader than Hux is, probably a little stronger too. This will make it all the more satisfying later on. Hux reaches out a hand and places it on the young man’s arm. He looks at Hux wide-eyed – perhaps he hadn’t expected his next client to be so close to him in age, or wearing a military uniform – but he lets Hux’s hand stay there, maybe even leans into the touch a little. ‘Hello,’ he says, then looking down, nibbling nervously on his lower lip. Hux wonders how this slight awkwardness goes down with his other clients. Then again, maybe the young man is just an excellent judge of character, because the apparent naiveté is certainly doing something for Hux. His shyness makes Hux bolder. ‘Might I suggest that we continue our conversation in my room?’ he asks, increasing the pressure on the man’s arm a little, not so much as to threaten or hurt, but to try and transmit through touch the message that it is him he’s waiting for. The young man really does look surprised now. His mouth is slightly agape, and he looks around the room in shock. Hux wonders what kind of clientele the man usually serves if he’s this surprised to be hired by another human man. Then again, given the diverse population of the planet, who knew what he might reasonably expect? The young man closes his mouth, and nods. He leaves his drink on the bar. Apparently he doesn’t have a tab to settle, so he must have been drinking plain water. ‘I’m Ben, by the way,’ says the man, as they stand together in the elevator. He awkwardly extends a hand, which Hux does not shake. This may be a business transaction, but he doesn’t want to begin it like a board meeting. ‘What’s your name?’ Hux eyes him with a gaze that is at once cool and calculatedly predatory. ‘If you have no objections,’ he tells him, ‘You will refer to me only as ‘sir,’ throughout our time together, unless I specify otherwise.’ Ben opens and closes his mouth, and then does the same thing again, quite like the Calamari who had manned the hotel reception when Hux had checked in. Ben, Hux reflects, sounds peculiarly as if it might be the young man’s real name. It’s masculine but not assertively so – endearingly boyish. More to the point, it doesn’t sound like the sort of name anyone would choose as an alias. It’s far too ordinary. If someone were to want a stage name they’d pick something like… Something like… Hux can’t be bothered to think at the moment. They leave the elevator, and Hux shows Ben into the room. Once the door is closed, Ben lunges as if he might kiss him, but Hux pushes him back. ‘Get undressed.’ Ben looks a little startled. Hux takes a seat in one of the suite’s armchairs, and Ben begins to remove his shirt. His clothes, thinks Hux, are a little shabby, and strangely loose and unflattering. As Ben strips it becomes more and more apparent that he could easily be clothed in way that showed him off to a much fuller advantage. His body is lean, but his shoulders are broad, and he’s more muscular than his baggy clothes or awkward gait might have suggested. He hesitates before removing his underwear, glancing shyly up at Hux, who nods a yes. Ben’s cock is large already, and not even hard yet. Hux smiles. ‘Come here, Ben.’ He beckons, and Ben obeys. He moves forward until he is stood before him. Hux takes Ben’s arm, and pulls him down and forward until he’s straddling his lap. Eying Ben’s form more closely, Hux runs a finger down his bare chest. Ben shivers little at the touch. He’s getting hard now, Hux notices, idly. He runs a finger over Ben’s nipple, and the boy lets out a little gasp. Interesting. Hux leans in, and takes one nipple in his mouth, sucking it lightly, catching it on his teeth just a little. Ben groans more, and shifts on Hux’s knee so he’s astride one of his legs, rubbing against him for the friction. When Hux moves to the other nipple Ben begins to pant a little, grinding down onto Hux’s leg when he squirms at the sensation. Hux can feel Ben hard against his leg. He lets his hands drift down to his waist to pull him in closer. He changes his tactics, sucking now at Ben’s neck, as his naked body continues to wriggle against Hux’s clothed form in frustrated delight. ‘Sir,’ says Ben, as Hux moves from sucking bruises on his left shoulder to his right. ‘Sir, don’t you… want to… fuck me?’ He sounds embarrassed to say it, and Hux is amused and delighted at Ben’s shamefacedness. He allows himself to roll his hips lightly against the leg of Ben’s that lies between his own. ‘All in good time,’ he mutters, but gives the boy a gentle kiss on the lips as consolation. He can’t bring himself to wonder if this thwarted eagerness is all an act, he’s enjoying it too much. Seemingly heartened by the kiss, Ben dives in for another, throwing his arms around Hux’s neck and pressing himself fully against him. His technique, Hux notes, is very sloppy - all tongue and no rhythm – but Hux tries to coax him into good habits, moving together between lips and tongue, and, sometimes, nibbling and biting down on plush pink lips. Apparently Ben is a quick learner, something Hux notes with pleasure, because before long he is kissing just how Hux likes it, although he continues to grind his hips impatiently against him. Hux breaks away from the kiss, deciding it makes Ben too urgent in his neediness, and returns to petting him with his hands, first experimenting with stroking and pinching his nipples again, but then drifting slower to examine his cock, touching it not to give pleasure, but lightly, almost clinical in his inspection of the feel of it in his hand, wiping with his thumb the drop of precome pearling at the tip. Ben is biting his lip harder now, cheeks flushed. Hux releases his cock, and leans in instead to tug at the boy’s overly large ears, before feeling them out again with mouth and teeth, sucking and nibbling on the lobes. Ben seems more agitated now. Hux observes that his wriggling against his leg is becoming faster and more desperate. ‘If you’re going to fuck me,’ he blurts out, ‘You should do it soon. Because – I mean –‘ ‘Now why should I do that?’ asks Hux, ‘We’ve got all the time in the world.’ ‘But I’ll –‘ Ben nibbles his bitten lip, abashed again, ‘I’ll come, soon, I…’ Even as he speaks he’s still moving his dick against Hux, even as he protests. ‘I can’t help it sir, I’m sorry.’ His face is pink from effort and embarrassment. ‘You’re awfully needy, you know that?’ mutters Hux against Ben’s neck. ‘Needy little slut. Wanting my cock inside you so very badly.’ He bites down, hard. Ben cries out. ‘Maybe you should just bring yourself off against me, and you can have my cock later. When you deserve it.’ Ben groans, still rutting against him. ‘Please, sir. Please fuck me. I’ll be good. I’ll try.’ ‘Later,’ soothes Hux, ‘Later. Or are you in a great rush to be on your way?’ ‘No, sir,’ pants Ben. ‘Well then,’ says Hux, grabbing Ben’s ass as he continues to grind against him. Ben needs no further encouragement, and his mouth is back on Hux’s, bestowing grateful kisses. He’s moving harder and faster now, thrusting urgently. Ben breaks away from the kiss, and lets out a low moan. He tilts his head back as he comes, arms clasped around Hux’s neck as his cock pulses out come onto the pants of his uniform. Panting in the aftermath of his climax, Ben rests his forehead against Hux’s. ‘Sorry,’ he says, looking down at Hux’s clothes, ‘About that.’ ‘Go and get cleaned up,’ orders Hux, gesturing towards the bathroom. Ben hauls himself up, and begins to make his way over there. Hux goes to find the small case where he's been keeping the jewellery, just in case. ‘And put these on,’ he calls after him. Ben turns around to retrieve the box. He looks inside, and tilts his head to one side. ‘My ears aren’t pierced,’ he says, nudging the heavy gold earrings with an index finger. ‘That’s all right,’ Hux informs him. ‘Just put on the rest.’ Ben takes the casket, and continues to the adjoining room. Hux looks down at his clothes. There’s come on the pants, and some on the tunic as well, so he takes them off, and throws them into the hamper for a housekeeping droid to deal with later. In his undershirt and briefs, he contemplates if he ought to dress again. He can hear the noise of the fresher. He has a little time. He doesn’t have an outfit for what he has planned, so he settles for a loose shirt and pants, the kind of clothes he would wear for the Order’s physical drills. Plain, comfortable, but with the potential to be extremely expensive. He dresses again, and waits. He’s hard still, even now that Ben’s not squirming against him anymore, but he resolves to ignore it, and to wait. He doesn’t want to ruin the next step of the plan by wanking to Ben when he’s got the opportunity to be inside him. Hux is lying on the bed when Ben emerges from the bathroom. He’d known what to expect, but it’s still even better than he’d hoped. Ben’s holding the earrings uselessly in one hand, but his naked form is still copiously adorned. He wears gold bangles on his lower arms, and gold cuffs up near his shoulders. Jewelled anklets clatter at his feet when he walks, and a gold chain is slung around his slim waist, a large emerald dangling down near his navel. He has as a necklace a large piece of gold fashioned to sit like an ornamental collar over his chest and shoulders, and a diadem circles the crown of his head. Hux has only really viewed the jewellery in isolation until now, as individual pieces, although he has been collecting it for years. It comes mostly from the empty ships of imperial families who had succumbed to disease long before their vessels’ autopilot guided them into the Unknown Regions. Arrayed like this, Ben could almost be a lord or a prince of the old regime. Or a fitting consort for one. ‘Very lovely,’ says Hux, and Ben smiles shyly at the compliment. He moves closer to the bed, and Hux produces a bottle of lubricant from the bedside table. He offers it to Ben. ‘If you wouldn’t mind…’ Ben starts back a little, and his eyes flash nervously to Hux. ‘Could you…?’ he asks him cautiously, ‘If it’s no trouble?’ Hux frowns slightly. He’d planned to watch Ben do this, as if he were preparing himself as one of his duties, but he accepts the minor alteration with little fuss. This isn’t one of the things that will make or break the scene, after all, and he can inform Ben of what to expect while he preps him physically. He returns to his case, and takes from it the bottle of lubricant. When he turns around, Ben is still stood there awkwardly. Hux gestures for him to lay down on the bed, and, blushing, Ben does so, knees up, arms folded delicately on his chest. Hux slicks some of the liquid onto his index finger as he seats himself between Ben’s legs. ‘I want you to roleplay a scene with me,’ he tells him, ‘In which I am an Emperor, and you are my newest concubine.’ He’s more distracted than he’d anticipated to see Ben like this, but he manages to just stop short of saying the Emperor. It would be mortifying to make his carefully-guarded ambitions so plain to Ben, to an escort from an unregulated planet. He takes in a breath, and slides his finger inside. Ben gasps in surprised when he does so. He’s tight, and clenching tighter around Hux’s finger. Hux doesn’t move, just waits for Ben to relax. ‘Is something wrong?’ Ben asks, brown eyes wide and nervous. ‘No,’ Hux tells him. ‘It’s just you’re awfully tight. Tight for a little slut.’ He pushes in a little further, and Ben whines and bites his lip. ‘You need to relax,’ he adds, more gently. Hux finds himself concerned that this is all apparently so new to Ben. What kind of clients has he had before, what kind of experiences, that such basic preparation causes alarm? Ben does relax, as Hux strokes his leg in what he hopes is a soothing manner. Hux moves in and out a little, until he thinks Ben’s ready to take another finger. He’s getting hard now, hard just as quickly as before, and so soon after his last orgasm. ‘How did you become Emperor?’ asks Ben. He’s panting a little now, broad chest rising and falling, making the gold jewellery jangle. ‘What?’ ‘In the scene, the f-fantasy, how did you become Emperor?’ Hux wonders if he’s trying to distract himself from his arousal. He adds a third finger, and Ben groans at the new stretch. ‘That’s not important,’ he lies. He pulls his hand back, and Ben mewls helplessly at the loss. ‘What’s important is you have been sent to me, and made beautiful, because you are mine, and I, the Emperor, desire to have possession of beautiful things. Do you understand?’ Ben nods. He has been made beautiful, thinks Hux, approvingly. His face and cock are flushed, and there’s a thin film of sweat glistening under the gold plates and chains. He’s ready. Hux closes his eyes for a moment, and makes himself enter the scenario he’s played out so much in his imagination. He has to remind himself again that there is no call to feel foolish, that this is Ben’s job, this is what he does, catering to the desires of strange men. There are stranger men out there than you, he tells himself, with stranger and more revolting desires. When he opens his eyes, Ben is still lying there. His arms lie on the sheets now, up next to his head, and his mouth is slightly open in expectation. He seems to have sensed the change in Hux, and he seems to have changed a little in sympathy. ‘Do you know who I am?’ Hux asks him, approaching the bed, and eyeing Ben with a critical gaze. Ben nods his head, licks his lips nervously. ‘You’re the Emperor,’ he tells him. ‘I was sent to you, sir.’ Hux is pleased to see that Ben seems to be warming up to his role. He had wondered if he’d take a little prompting, if he’d have to do all of the work himself. ‘My new concubine.’ He could draw this out, but finds he has no desire to wait. Hux strips, and moves above Ben with an easy grace, pinning his wrists against the bed. He kisses him roughly, moving his body against Ben’s. He sucks lightly on his tongue, and Ben moans in surprise and delight, responding with a playful nip to Hux’s lower lip. ‘I see they chose well,’ observes Hux. He draws back, and with his hands guides the head of his cock to Ben’s slick, pink hole. ‘Nice and wet for me, nice and wet already.’ ‘I…’ says Ben, looking up with that appealing, innocent look he does so well, ‘I haven’t done this before… sir.’ Hux pauses. They hadn’t discussed this in their preliminary talk, but the thought of his being the first to have the pleasure of fucking an adorned, virgin Ben sends a jolt of arousal to his cock. He leans back in, to bestow a gentle, condescending kiss. ‘How exciting for me,’ he says, ‘To have to the pleasure of being the very first to have the pleasure. Don’t worry, my angel, I’ll be good to you.’ Ben nods, and whimpers. Hux pushes inside him, just the head at first, and then in one swift movement, his full length. Ben gasps, and then lets out a strange, low giggle. He seems to catch himself, and looks at Hux as if wondering if this is allowed, but Hux smirks back, and begins, gently at first, to fuck him properly. ‘You’re mine now,’ he tells him. ‘I’m your first, and so now there’s only me. You’ll never be able to be with anyone else, because I’ll always be there, in your mind, the first and the best. Your Emperor.’ ‘I wouldn’t want anyone else,’ says Ben, with a fervent and naïve loyalty that sends shivers down Hux’s spine, as if he really were despoiling a virgin, a virgin who is to be his concubine. Or his consort. Hux thrusts into Ben harder and harder, relishing the sound of skin slapping against skin when he slams his cock deep inside of him. ‘I’m going to fill you up,’ Hux tells him, ‘With my cock and with my seed. I’m going to breed a fucking legion on you.’ Ben cries out, and lifts his legs to wrap them around Hux, as if he wants him even deeper inside. ‘Maybe I’ll keep you stretched out and ready for me all the time, hmm? Maybe I’ll plug up all my come inside you, ready for the next time I decide I’d like to take you. Would you like that?’ Ben nods, and moans helplessly. ‘I think you’ll be one of my favourite concubines,’ Hux speculates, ‘Are you jealous of the others, Ben? Don’t you wish you were the only one, the only one I fuck?’ Ben lets out an anguished noise that is almost a growl. ‘I’ll kill them,’ he announces, savagely, before lunging up to meet Hux’s mouth in a sloppy, ferocious kiss. Hux chuckles against Ben’s mouth, before pulling away, letting his head fall back against the pillow. ‘Careful,’ he says, ‘That’s close to treason.’ Less concerned with forceful thrusts now, Hux stays all the way inside, and jerks his hips to grind his cock in Ben, who whimpers at the change in pace, clutching desperately at him now. ‘Please,’ he says, ‘Please, sir, can I - ?’ ‘Not yet,’ grunts Hux, ‘I need to fill you with my seed, make you swell up with it.’ He’d be embarrassed to hear himself say these things, think these things almost, in any other circumstances, but Ben is wide-eyed and responsive, and seems just as fired up by Hux’s words as he is himself. ‘Will you hide me away so only you can see me,’ asks Ben, ‘Or will you… show me?’ Hux frowns, but doesn’t break his rhythm. He bites and sucks at Ben’s shoulder while he considers his response. ‘I’d show you off,’ he decides. ‘I’d have you knelt at the foot of my throne when I received visitors, and I’d dress you in disgusting little outfits, barely more than this jewellery. I’d have you look like the most enticing thing in the universe, the most delightful little whore, but you’d be mine, mine like every other damn thing there is.’ Ben jerks his hips up, and Hux isn’t sure if it’s instinctive, or if he’s so needy that he’s attempting to take in more of Hux than there is for him to contain. He’s getting close now, too close, but Ben’s responses to his words are too delicious to resist. ‘Maybe I’d fuck you in front of them,’ Hux muses. ‘Not on my cock, that would be unseemly, but on my fingers maybe. I’d make you put on a show for them, and if you pleased me, later, in private, I might reward you for it.’ ‘I’m gonna,’ says Ben, and his face has gone pink from the strain of holding back, ‘Sir, Emporer, sir, I can’t help – ‘ ‘Wait,’ growls Hux, ‘Wait – ‘ But then he’s coming himself, his cock pulsing his come into Ben, who tenses around him as he rides out his own orgasm. The pulsing, ecstatic feeling seems to course through his whole body. Hux can’t remember a time he’s come this hard. As the sensation dissipates, he opens his eyes to see Ben in a similarly fucked out state. The gold jewellery is hot and slick between them, and as Hux pulls away he can see that the chain round Ben’s waist has been splattered with his come. He runs a hand through his hair, damp with sweat. Ben whines, and stretches out his arms feebly, as if imploring Hux to stay in bed with him. He looks so utterly deflated when Hux moves away that it’s almost comical. ‘Come on,’ sighs Hux, beckoning Ben towards the bathroom. ‘You can’t go to sleep like that.’ Later, they lie in bed together, Ben clinging happily to Hux’s side. ‘Did you mean what you said?’ asks Ben, yawning. He seems half asleep already. ‘Did you mean what you said about keeping me all… filled up and ready for you?’ ‘We’ll see,’ says Hux. ‘Now go to sleep.’