Returning to his quarters after pulling yet another double shift, Hux skidded to a halt at the sight of the red crate sitting in the middle of his receiving room. Circling it, he noted the First Order emblem on the front, as well as a delivery placard inscribed with his name above a medbay code. He had missed his checkup appointment for the third time this afternoon, but construction on the new Starkiller had reached a crucial point and he'd seen no purpose in wasting an hour being poked and prodded by droids when he was in perfectly acceptable health. He'd deleted the reminders and ignored the message that came fifteen minutes after his appointment was supposed to start. Scrolling back, he opened it, eyebrows shooting up in surprise as he read. General Hux, The health of our commanding officers is imperative to ensure the First Order operates at peak efficiency. As you are unable to make time in your busy schedule to come to medbay you have been issued a Personal Healthcare Companion. It is capable of conducting examinations at all times and without disrupting your work. These units are extremely expensive, and you are asked not to activate this unit in the presence of Kylo Ren. To active this unit, simply say "Ow." "Ow? This must be a joke." He couldn't be so lucky. At his words a light flashed around the edges of the emblem on the crate and radiated outwards along the seam at top. The top folded back and the sides dropped away and a white, vaguely humanoid shape emerged, inflating as it rose. "What the blazes?" It waddled forward, coming to a halt a few paces in front of him. Hux blinked in surprise as it raised one puffy arm in a facsimile of a wave. "Hello. I am Baymax, your personal healthcare companion. I have been assigned to see to your medical needs. I was alerted to your need for medical attention when you said 'ow'." Hux felt his jaw working but no words came out. He couldn't ever remember finding himself in a situation more ridiculous. "I don't need medical attention," he finally got out, closing his mouth with a snap afterwards. "I will scan you now." The ridiculously tiny head tilted to one side, bobbing up and down. "Scan complete." What, really? Maybe this wouldn't be so bad after all. "I am detecting elevated blood pressure, decreased cytokine levels and a slight weight gain since your last examination. Your physical appearance and irritability levels, combined with these physical factors, indicate lack of sufficient sleep. Your blood shows a deficiency in several key nutrients. I am prescribing a regimen of supplements and recommending you implement a regular sleep schedule." It stilled for an instant. "The cafeteria has been informed of your dietary requirements and a 'do not disturb' notice has been placed in your schedule for your sleeping shift. Your datapad will only forward urgent messages to you during this time period. Your dinner should arrive shortly." "What?!?" "We will continue with this routine for a week at which time I will conduct another examination to see if this meets your needs." "This is unacceptable!" Hux poked at his datapad, but the lock that had been inserted wouldn't allow him to remove it. "I thought these examinations weren't supposed to disrupt my work!" "You are in your quarters and your shift ended thirty seven minutes ago. There is no disruption." "I still have messages to review." "Your shift ended thirty seven minutes ago. Correction: thirty eight minutes ago." A human would have voided their bladder in fear at the glare Hux unleashed but Baymax remained unaffected. "You have been a good boy. Have a lollipop." Where this giant inflatable marshmallow had stored the bright pink confection on a stick that he held out to Hux in his squishy appendage, Hux had no idea, and didn't really care to boot. Hoping to get this travesty over with, he snatched the candy from its hand. "We will continue on this course for a week and I will conduct nightly scans to monitor any changes in your physical condition. If you are satisfied with your care I can deactivate." "Satisfied?" Hux practically shrieked. "When you tell me this nonsense is going to last for a week? I am not bloody well satisfied." "I cannot deactivate until you state you are satisfied with your care." "So you'll just stand there staring at me unless I lie?" "My scanners indicate elevated pulse and a spike in your adrenaline levels. I would advise a period of meditation before retiring to optimize your rest." It blinked at him. Why did it even have eyes. "If you are satisfied with your care I can deactivate." Fuming, Hux gritted his teeth. "I am satisfied with my care." As he watched, the thing waddled back to its crate and deflated as the sides folded up, enclosing it back in its bright red casing. "That's blackmail. From a droid. I am not going to deal with this thing again." Sending off a furious message to the medic listed on the inventory code, he tried again to access his inbox, but the restrictions the droid had put in place resisted all his attempts to override them. Just as he was considering pitching the pad across the room his door chimed, his dinner delivered just as promised. "I'll have this thing removed in the morning," Hux muttered to himself as he accepted the tray from the droid. "I will not have my duties constrained by an overinflated squeaky toy." Yes, he’d have whoever was responsible transferred, have the crate spaced, and get on with his life. “Am I satisfied with my care? Who programmed that thing anyways?” At least he’d gotten his exam out of the way, so they wouldn’t bother him for another quarter. Digging into his dinner, he vowed to forget the whole experience. The lollipop tasted like strawberries. Chapter 2 When Hux stormed into medbay the next morning before his shift began, the medtechs all shrank back from him, but stood firm in the face of his demands. "I'm sorry, General, sir, but once a Baymax unit has been deployed it cannot be released from its patient until it has signed off on the completion of the treatment it has prescribed. Finally he understood why Kylo Ren took his lightsabers to consoles. If he'd had access to a blaster right now he'd be short one medbay and its entire staff. One tech in particular seemed to have a death wish. "If you hadn't missed your appointment so many times, we wouldn't be in this situation, sir, but it's protocol for officers above a certain rank. We've got no control over it," she squeaked out, looking about ready to faint. "How long am I going to have to deal with it, then?" He'd never heard of such a protocol, and it wouldn't surprise him if they'd just invented it on the spot to save their sorry asses. "Once it's signed off on your treatment ...." He left before the woman could finish her sentence. Two hours into the morning shift a service droid appeared on the command deck, bearing a tray. It made a beeline for Hux. "You did not log breakfast this morning, sir." Almost as if they were one giant being, the entire command crew glued themselves to the monitors at their stations as Hux yanked the tray from the droid's arms and stomped into the adjacent conference room. He made sure to visit the nearest cafeteria for lunch to avoid another delivery but missed the dinner hour and had his briefing interrupted with another meal tray. The droid hovered until he worked his way through the rations. As the end of the shift approached, he found himself dreading his next examination. Maybe if he just didn't go back to his quarters he could pretend this wasn't happening? His datapad pinged exactly one minute hour after his shift ended, the message flagged as important. You are now off duty. An exercise room has been reserved for your use with this suggested routine to relieve the day's stresses, the message read. An appointment had been added to his calender, for thirty minutes from now, showing the room reservation. A list of suggested exercises had been attached. He deleted it, and the reminder that arrived fifteen minutes later, and the one ten after that and he kept deleting them but they kept showing up, every five minutes, and his datapad kept pinging until he opened the messages. Finally he gave in. Grudgingly working his way through the stretching exercises detailed for him, he lingered in the shower, enjoying the play of hot water on his skin. It might not be so bad if he'd chosen this course of activity, he decided, but the way he'd been tormented into it raised his hackles. He'd hated this kind of petty harassment as a cadet, and as a general he shouldn't have to endure it again. When he entered his quarters a light flashed behind the First Order logo on Baymax's crate. "Alright, I'm here, dammit. Let's get this over with." The unit continued to blink. "I'm here for my checkup, Baymax. Come on. You are apparently desperate to get this done, so what are you waiting for?" The light continued to beep, and Hux remembered. "You don't seriously expect me to say 'ow' every single time, do you?" Apparently it did, because before he finished the sentence the crate opened. "Hello. I am Baymax, your personal healthcare companion. I have been assigned to see to your medical needs. I was alerted to your need for medical attention when you said 'ow'." With a wordless scream, Hux threw his datapad at Baymax. The droid caught it effortlessly in one of its pillow hands. "You seem upset, General. Your stress levels are reading higher than yesterday." "Yes, because my day has been interrupted and my schedule disrupted, all because of you." "I'm sorry that you feel this way, but it is my purpose to help you achieve a physical state that will allow you to perform your duties in an improved fashion." "And how does interrupting my day and disrupting my schedule achieve this?" "You have not been taking proper care of yourself. With my assistance you will establish good habits that will return you to optimal health." Hux threw up his hands in disgust. "Get on with it, then, why don't you?" "I will scan you know." "Scan complete." "Well?" "Well, what, sir?" "What did your scan show?" "Aside from the elevated stress levels that are attributed to your show of temper on activating me, there are no significant changes from yesterday's scan." "Why not? I got a good night's sleep and three full meals." "It would be unrealistic to expect that one day of good habits would immediately counteract weeks or months of poor habits." "Then why did you bother taking a scan if you knew there wouldn't be any changes?" "It is important to establish a baseline for comparison. You have been a good boy. Have a lollipop." Another pink candy appeared and Hux snatched it out of Baymax' hand. "Are we done now?" "We will continue with this course of treatment. If you are satisfied with your care I can deactivate." "I am satisfied with my care." Hux packed every ounce of sarcasm in his body into the sentence. This time the lollipop was bubble gum flavored. Chapter 3 Six days later: "Ow." "Hello. I am Baymax, your personal healthcare companion. I have been assigned to see to your medical needs. I was alerted to your need for medical attention when you said 'ow'." "Do you really have to say that every single time?" "I am programmed to do so every time I am activated." He needed to have words with the team that had developed that programming. Serious words. Harsh words. Interspersed with beatings. "Scanning now." "Scan complete. Now that I have established a baseline scans will be taken on a weekly basis." "A weekly basis? You mean we're not done yet?" "A week is not long enough to establish the patterns that will allow you to remain in optimum condition." "But after that week is over we'll be through. Won't we?" "I will reevaluate your progress after a week's time. Treatment may continue depending on the results of my next scan." He'd known what the thing would say already, but he'd asked anyways, out of some perverse urge to torture himself. "My sensors indicate that you are becoming agitated. Do you need a hug?" "A what?" Hux barely had time to get the two syllables out before the Baymax unit had waddled across the short distance separating them. He found himself engulfed in those inflated arms and squeezed against the thing's balloon body. "There, there." A hand patted his head. This had to be a dream. Something had happened, maybe a Resistance attack? He'd been injured and was at this moment floating in a bacta tank, recovering. Bacta always gave him strange dreams. It was the only reasonable explanation as to why he was in this current situation. Baymax radiated heat, he realized. Not at an uncomfortable level. More like a warm bath, or an electric blanket. He vibrated too, just barely, just enough to be soothing. A part of him hated himself for relaxing into the embrace, but the rest of him melted bit by bit. Maybe he should look into requisitioning something soft and warm and soothing that didn't talk and couldn't get into his datapad and rearrange his life. This time, when Baymax told him he was a good boy and offered him a lollipop, he wasn't overcome with a murderous rage. He did have a question, though. "Why are these always pink?" "Your fondness for this particular color was noted during your years at the academy." "My instructors thought I liked pink things?" "You always chose strawberry ice cream when treats were made available. The non-regulation undergarments discovered in your quarters during one random inspection were described as 'pink lace with darker pink satin trim'. You mentioned pink balloons at a childhood birthday party during one session with your adviser." "So because of a few random instances my file says I like the color pink?" He got that head-tilt again. "I can procure other colors of lollipops, if you would prefer?" "No, don't bother." He would not admit that pink was, in fact, his favorite color. He'd suffered enough indignities in his life already. One week later: "Ow." "Hello. I am Baymax, your personal healthcare companion. I have been assigned to see to your medical needs. I was alerted to your need for medical attention when you said 'ow'." Baymax plowed through its litany, but Hux could see its eyes tracking the newest addition to his quarters. The little orange ball of fluff skittered across the floor, chasing the cleaning droid Hux had modified, batting at the ball it trailed behind it as it zigzagged its way from one corner to the other. The kitten screeched to a halt when the droid scooted between Baymax' legs, sliding on the slick floor and coming to a stop just in front of Baymax. When Baymax reached down to her, she retreated, doubling in size as her fur fluffed and she hissed in alarm. "It's okay. I feel that way about it too, sometimes." "You have acquired a pet." Baymax didn't state this as a question but Hux took it as such anyways. "She somehow managed to sneak onto a supply shuttle." The droid didn't need to know that occurrence had engendered a serious shakedown and a full security review, because then he'd have to admit how he'd found himself holding the kitten somehow while it occurred. No matter how much he wanted this droid packed back off to medical, it wasn't worth the possibility of it coming up, how the kitten's string of meeps as it kneaded the sleeve of his uniform and the surprisingly loud purr it had emitted before drifting off to sleep in his arms had reminded him of that hug from the week before. Once she'd determined that the scary large squeaky thing wasn't a threat, the kitten ignored it and went back to chasing the cleaning droid. "I've named her Millicent." "I am glad you are taking positive steps in regards to your mental health of your own volition, General. You are making important progress." "Yes, yes." Hux barely paid attention to the medical droid, so caught up in Millicent's antics he tuned out Baymax's scan and resultant rundown of his condition. "You have been a very good boy. Have a lollipop." The label on the wrapper proclaimed tonight's flavor to be cherry vanilla. Although the sweet itself was disappointing ("cotton candy", whatever that was, having been his favorite so far), watching Millicent trying to keep the crumpled up wrapper out of the cleaning droid's clutches made up for it. Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Finding Baymax's crate open when he returned to his quarters brought Hux up short. Had someone been in here? And how had they known how to activate the unit? A scan of his receiving room showed it to be empty. "Baymax?" "Millicent's meow sounds sufficiently like an 'ow' to activate me, but she is unable to approximate my shutdown sequence." The droid's voice emanated from his sleeping quarters. Baymax sat on the floor, leaning up against Hux's wardrobe, cuddling Millicent in one arm and scratching the cat between the ears with a chubby digit. The kitten stretched, claws extended, and Hux heard a high-pitched hissing noise. "She is also very pointy. I have exhausted the supply of sealant in my internal repair mechanisms." "You have got to be kidding me." "Kidding is not a function of my programming." Rummaging about in the drawers of his desk, he found a transpariseal dispenser tucked away in a back corner. Baymax pushed itself up and waddled over to his desk, Millicent still tucked in the crook of its elbow. "Where are the punctures?" "It will be more efficient for me to perform the repairs myself than to attempt to tell you where the punctures are." With a show of reluctance, Hux took his cat from the droid, keeping his smile firmly in check as the kitten scaled his front to come to rest on his shoulder, giving his neck a swipe with her little tongue before tucking in. While Baymax carefully ripped a piece of 'seal from the roll, Hux typed a service request in his datapad one handed while he rubbed the fingers of his other hand along Millicent’s cheek. Apparently servicing his medical droid was an acceptable use of his time in off hours, because the message actually went through, and he received confirmation in under a minute that a tech was on his way. At the chime announcing the tech's arrival, Hux discovered the first drawback to having a cat, as Millicent yowled in fright and attempted to scale his head. Those little claws were sharp indeed. He called for the tech to enter as he tried to extract the kitten, but one of her hind claws had gotten stuck in his collar. His yelp of pain when a claw scored his ear set Baymax off, and the droid waddled over in an attempt to assist. Unfortunately, it had been just about to tear off another piece of 'seal, so as it moved the adhesive strip unspooled behind it, forming a shimmering line between Baymax's outstretched finger and Hux's desk. He could almost pity the poor tech, who stood gaping at the scene in front of him. A laugh nearly escaped him at the ridiculousness of it all. Baymax insisted on treating the scratches before allowing the tech to see to him. The droid had reached the end of the roll of tape, however, and the twitching length was too much for Millicent to resist. Unsticking the kitten from the tape resulted in more scratches to both Hux and the hapless tech, which required more treatment. At last, ruffled fur smoothed and a treat procured, the kitten curled up on Hux's pillow, exposing all her little teeth in a massive yawn before curling up with her paws over her nose and going to sleep. Hux sympathized. After all this excitement, he wouldn’t mind a nap himself. Or a drink. Yes, a drink was an excellent idea. "Um, well, now that's settled, can I ...?" The tech gestured at Baymax, eyes downcast and shoulders hunched. Had his hair been that messy when he walked in, or was Millicent to blame? "Yes, yes." His dinner arrived, and this time Millicent slept through the door chime. Although still nervous, the tech seemed efficient and knowledgeable. He had to deflate Baymax's outer casing to reach his framework, and the sight of all that white fabric hanging limp from the droid's endoskeleton disturbed Hux more than he cared to admit. He'd just finished his meal and was pouring himself a drink when the tech completed his survey, and the man kept darting him glances as he made some final adjustments and closed the access port. Hux took pity on him. "Is there something the matter?" "Um, well, I thought ... I mean ... I can leave some extra sealant, and show you ... in case ... well, you know ...." And he gestured at the sleeping kitten, pushing his oversized glasses up his nose as he looked anywhere but at Hux. "If that will spare my skin from further abuse, then yes, by all means." The tech demonstrated the process, and Hux repeated the steps, including how to re-inflate Baymax. When the droid had fully puffed out again, it held out its arms, twisting its hands back and forth. "No further leaks detected. I am returned to optimum performance levels." "If that's all, sir?" He looked up and Hux caught his eyes for the first time. The unspoken you will not speak of this on pain of transfer to the most horrid posting imaginable hung in the air between them. Matt's laryngeal prominence bobbed conspicuously as he swallowed, bobbing his head at the unspoken command. "Okay. Good, then. Er .... Baymax, I am satisfied with my care." Not waiting for Hux's dismissal, the tech fled, squeezing through the door before it had opened completely and before Baymax's box had finished closing around him. After he left, Hux propped himself up in bed next to his sleeping kitten, reclaiming his drink form his desk. It wasn't until he'd reached the bottom of the glass that the realization hit him. "I didn't get a lollipop." Notes: I had to make up a Star Wars equivalent of scotch tape for this chapter. Also, couldn't resist throwing in Matt!