I Promise Chapter 1 Rey’s POV The shadows shifted as the moon rose over the forests of Endor. His raw scar shining as blood trickled down his face. He stared at me, his eyes deep pools of mud. I shivered as the wind tickled me with it’s cold fingers. “Ben,” I say, my voice gruff, my throat aching. His eyes shone with a flash of worry. I never knew I had that effect on him, causing him to show his emotions upon his usually blank face. He dropped to his knees besides me, placing his hands upon my bleeding abdomen. He was scared, I could feel it although he would never convey that to me, never break his strong persona. I smiled, running my hands through his silky hair. “Don’t leave,” I whispered. “What have I done?” He cried, and scooped me up in his strong arms. I groaned, my stab wound burning like a thousand suns. Kylo’s POV I ran with Rey in my arms, her blood trickling over my black sleeve, turning it sticky. I shuddered, watching her like this killed me. I did this to her, this is my fault. I got wrapped up in the dark side, in trying to be worthy of my title. In doing so I almost killed the only woman I have ever loved. I don’t deserve her love, I’ve killed people, I killed my father. But I have her love, and I will never understand why. Why would she choose me over her best friend FN2187? Over someone better for her? Maybe I’m more selfish than she believes me to be, because if I weren’t I wouldn’t let her love me, I wouldn't let her get wrapped up in this and almost killed. I would send her far away, let her live her life safely. But maybe I am selfish, because I can’t bring myself to do it. I spot my ship ahead, stormtroopers lining the entrance. They point their guns as I approach, and drop them after realizing it’s me. I nod my head and send the storm troopers flying away from the craft. I can’t having anyone knowing what’s happening. I must keep up the fasade, at least for now. I run on the ship, the blood from my wound mingling on the metal floor with Rey’s blood. I lay her down on the seats in the main cabin, strapping her in for the jump to lightspeed. I caress her hair and whisper, “You will be okay my love, I promise.” Rey When the shadows fade to sunlight I see him, standing above me, wearing the traditional brown robes of a jedi knight. I smile and he smiles back, staring at the first sun’s rise over the dunes. I recognize this place as Tatooine, a place I once visited with Han Solo. Kylo plops down besides me, “hello my love,” he coos, his love filling me. I look over at the sun rise and suddenly they reverse and the planet darkens. Trees grow up around us, full of moss and vines. The sky is black, there is no light. “Ben?” I call, glancing around, fear filling me to the core. I hear the sound of a lightsaber and jerk around to see Kylo’s scarred face basked in the glow of his red lightsaber. He was in his dark leather clothes and the smile had disappeared from his somber face. “Ben died a long time ago, the darkness swallowed him. Just like it’s going to do to you,” My hand reached for my lightsaber as he approached. I pressed the button and was met by a blinding red light. I gasped and turned around, staring at my reflection in a puddle. I was wearing all black and had the mark of the First Order on my arm. Kylo stopped besides me, grinning evilly. I sat up with a gasp. Kylo also gasped and pulled his hand away from mine. Fluorescent lights blinded me, and the scent of bacta fluids filled my nose. Kylo ran his hands through my hair and smiled down at me. “Ben?” I whispered. He glanced behind him and whispered to me “shhh now that you’re awake we don't have long. We are going to escape, I’m going to pretend to take you somewhere to dispose of you, but we have to avoid Hux, he’ll never let me leave with you. We will run to Naboo. There we can stay in a house in the country, away from the First Order. I’ll tell them I’m off running a mission. But Rey, you need to understand, I can’t leave the First Order yet, they can’t know I’m with the Resistance now. The only way for us to take down Snoke is if we do it together. Only you and I are strong enough, Rey.” This was all too much for my groggy mind to take in, but I shook away the stupor and nodded. “When do we leave?” Chapter 2 : Chapter 2 Summary: They escape from the First Order and Kylo shows his feelings Rey’s POV Sneaking off of the First Order ship was easy, the only challenge we faced was making sure Hux didn’t see us. He would never let Kylo take me off the ship, as they had been hunting me down for years, and he couldn’t wait to watch me die. Not today Hux, I thought as Kylo bound my hands. We were giving off the image that I was still prisoner, as he had convinced the crew when he brought my bloodied body aboard the ship. Kylo is so feared that no one questioned him when he told them to put me in the bacta tank. Kylo laid his palm on a fingerprint scanner and the door popped open with a hissing sound. He gently grabbed my wrists and pulled me in front of him,then nudged me out the door. I looked at the floor as we walked through the grey halls, our footsteps echoing along with those of the storm troopers. My hair fell in my eyes and I tried to blow it out of my face to no avail. The ground was cold against my bare feet, I guess I lost my shoes when I was put into the bacta tank. I could feel the stares of all the First Order soldiers as we shuffled through the hall. I felt the cold air of the frigid base planet wash over me as the hanger door opened, revealing towering ships, similar to the ones used by The Empire in the old days. Kylo really had idolized his grandfather. That was changed now, Kylo’s vision wasn’t shrouded in darkness like it used to be, I thought. Kylo She was so beautiful, the thin material of the white nightgown hanging off her shoulders like a waterfall. Her blue eyes, turned to the floor, were full of determination. She was pushing the darkness out of me, but I still felt it. The pull of the dark side, it’s something very hard to come back from, but I knew I could with her help. Look at me, I’m a big sap. I was jerked out of my thoughts when a hanger guard approached me, I stood up straight, “Prepare my cruiser for departure, I won’t be taking any storm troopers with me on this trip,” The guard nodded and briskly walked towards the control room. We waited for the pilot and then followed him aboard the cruiser. Rey Kylo sat me down on the bench and leaned in close, “you can fly right?” he whispered. “I’ve never flown one of these before, but I’m sure I can figure it out,” he nodded and walked towards the flight deck, leaving me in the hull. A moment later I heard his lightsaber and a fleshy thump. I shuddered as he walked back into the hull, his helmet under his arm. “Was that really necessary?” I asked as he untied me. “We can’t have them tracking us can we?” I sighed, “I suppose I should disable the tracker then?” I asked. He smiled a tight smile, pressing his lips together. “I’m sorry,” he whispered. I stepped close and took his hands, “why?” I said with a kind smile “you’re protecting me, you're amazing,” he shook his head. “I stabbed you, I killed my father, your friend, I will never live that down,” he lowered his head staring at the floor. I put my hand under his chin and brought his face up to look at me, “That wasn’t you, you had been seduced by the dark side. It wasn’t your fault, it was Snoke’s. Okay? All we have to focus on now is bringing down Snoke,” he nodded silently. “There’s a Resistance Base a couple light minutes away from Naboo. We can stay in Naboo and devise a plan and call them when we are ready.” I told Kylo. “Okay,” he said “Okay, let get moving.” I responded headed towards the cockpit. Kylo I hated showing my feelings like that, I had kept everything bottled up for years, having a literal and metaphorical mask hiding my feelings. But with Rey I couldn’t help it, she makes me weak, but I like it. I like not having to be the strong one all the time and letting her be the strong one. She is so strong, and so beautiful and I want to scream it to the whole galaxy. I sat in the passenger seat, watching her pilot the bulky ship with the precision of a skilled First Order pilot. The ship rose up off the ground, hovering for a moment before shooting like a slingshot into the night. We flew above the trees and as we reached the middle of the atmosphere Rey prepared the ship for light speed. She was silent as she began procedures, “3... 2... 1” she muttered and then I was thrown back into my seat as we shot off into the sky. Chapter 3 : Naboo Notes: like 1/4 of this was written at 1 Am but the parts I wrote while semi conscious are better then the parts I wrote fully conscious so Chapter 3 Kylo The Millennium Falcon drifted to a stop and landed with a soft thump on the sandy ground adjacent to my grandmother’s old home. I peered through the window at the blue, cloudless sky, and the tropical weather. I smiled when Rey glanced at me, “my mother took me here sometimes, said the house went to her when her mother died. I always loved Naboo... Come on,” I took her hand and led her off of the freighter. The humid air blasted up as the ramp lowered, heat enveloping us like a slightly damp blanket. A giant grin spread across Rey’s face as she took in the beach in front of us. She starting running, pulling me with her towards a giant lake. “Look at all the water! I've only ever seen that color in the sky! Nothing's ever been this beautiful before!” she stood standing in awe at the beauty of this planet. I grinned even wider. She took her shoes off and threw them down the empty beach. Rey ran to the water and stopped at the edge, watching the warm water brush her toes before being dragged out again. She smiled in awe, and I dragged my heavy robe and my shoes off, leaving me in a black undershirt and pants. I stepped down the beach, my toes curled in the sand and I grinned at the beautiful woman playing in the lake. I sat in the sand just above the furthest point the waves can reach. Rey came running up, her pants soaked up to her knees, and plopped down next to me in the sand. Rey Kylo smiled at me, one of the rare, genuine smiles he saves only for me. I smiled back and laid back in the sand, feeling the warm, coarse material against my bare shoulders and arms. My wet pants and robe stuck to my knees, cooling my legs before the sun could bake them like fried tauntaun. As I settled into the sand and my excitement died down I noticed the slight throbbing in my abdomen, Kylo had pulled me out of the Bacta tank early so it wasn’t yet fully healed. I pressed my hand to my stomach and I was suddenly pulled into the dark, like a black hole had sucked me up. I was alone in the dark, I called for help but no one answered. I started to run, tripping over invisible roots and crawlers. I fell flat on my face, suddenly feeling heat against the back of my head, I turned around and saw a red lightsaber nearly against my face. And basked in the glow of the red lightsaber was the face of Kylo Ren, not my Ben, Kylo, with a cold, blank stare on his face. I backed up, crawling like a crab on all fours, still facing Kylo; and I fell head first through a hole in the ground. Suddenly I was standing in front of a mirror. But it wasn’t myself in the mirror, the woman in the mirror was cold, and cruel. She was pale and dressed in Black robes; she was holding a red lightsaber. Suddenly the beach came back to me, I sat up with a gasp, my eyes burning with the sudden light that attacked them. Kylo sat next to me looking concerned, his hand tenderly resting on my shoulder. I shoved my hair off my sweaty forehead, still shaken by the force vision, Kylo was saying something but I didn’t hear it. “...Rey... Rey” came through the wall I had built around myself, the sound of his voice calling me crashing through it like a wrecking ball. “Rey? Rey are you okay? What happened?” Kylo said moving his hand to caress my cheek. His thumb moved softly back and forth and his piercing black eyes stared into mine. “It was a... force vision... but it was dark I wasn't sure what was going on... I... don't know” I lied to him. I hated to, but he couldn't know about this, about my visions of the dark side and the subtle doubt I feel about all this. He pressed his forehead to mine, our noses barely touching. I felt guiltily for lying to him but when he softly pressed his lips to mine that all melted away. I pushed against him, increasing the intensity of the kiss as I pushed away my guilt and ran my fingers through his hair. The sun beat against our faces and bare arms as our lips brushed against each other’s. The kiss was sweet, and passionate, and everything I had hope for from my first kiss with Kylo. Kylo Feeling her lips against mine was the best thing in this world. It was even sweeter than how the dark side tasted when I first tried it. It was soft, and warm, and god, she is so beautiful. I could have done that forever. This was the therapy I needed, the light to drive out my dark. It was perfect, she was perfect; and in that moment there was only us, no First Order, no Rebels, no fight. Just me and her, kissing on a beach in Naboo by my grandmother’s house. When the kiss broke we sat for a while and stared into each other’s eyes until we felt our cheeks and arms start burn under the hot sun. It was all surreal to me; the fact that I was holding her hand as I lead her to the house,how she lightly kissed me when we got to the door; and how she ran her fingers through my hair when she did this. She went to find a bedroom to lie down in, leaving me at the door staring at her as she walked away. Before Rey was out of sight, she turned, winked and said “Come on, lover boy,” and crooked her finger at me. Chapter 4 : Resistance base Summary: Rey takes Kylo to the Rebel Base on D'Qar sorry this is pretty crappy, I promise it'll be better in later chapters, I've got good ideas ;) Chapter 4 ~ Resistance Base 2 weeks later Rey I woke up to the sun streaming through the floor to ceiling windows. Kylo's shirtless form still asleep tangled up in the comforter. I silently placed my feet on the cold wooden floor and crept across the room, careful not to wake him. I slid out the door and onto the terrace, the warm, salty air filling my nostrils. I leaned against the railing and stared out at the water. My bare toes curled against the cool concrete, the sun not high enough yet to heat it. I looked out at the distant moon in the sky, not yet disappeared and thought of our agreement. Kylo had told me that the First Order couldn't know that he was with the Resistance, that we had to hide on Naboo. But as I stared at that moon, I was reminded of my mission, save the galaxy, destroy the First Order. Kylo would be the ultimate secret weapon for the resistance; and I thought it was time I go home, let my new lover meet my family. Of course by 'my family', I meant Finn and Poe, and the rest of the Resistance. I walked back into our shared room, this time with a purpose. "get your stuff together we're leaving," I told Kylo, flinging the covers off the bed. "What?" he murmured, his voice thick with sleep. "We are going to D'Qar," I told him, tossing clothes at him. "D'Qar? that sounds familiar... what's on D'Qar?" his sleepy voice slurred. "The Resistance Base," I said shoving my stuff in a satchel. Kylo sat up when he heard that, his eyes widening to the size of saucers. "We can't go there! They'll kill me!" he exclaimed. "I won't let them, once we explain our situation to them, it'll be okay," I told him reassuringly, looking him in the eyes. Kylo Rey packed and prepped the ship while I slowly dressed myself, thinking about the day ahead of me. She was always so positive, but I knew for sure that they'd arrest me as soon as we landed on D'Qar. I just hoped I wouldn't have to use the dark side. Rey came back to the door and leaned against the frame. "It's going to be alright, I can't promise they won't arrest you, but they trust me, they'll see reason," I smiled at her and got up, crossing the floor in two seconds, and kissing her in less than one. I pressed my hands against her face, kissing her deeply and intensely. When we broke, I smiled at her, "I love your optimism, truly I do..." I hesitated. She raised her eyebrows, "I'm sensing a but here." "I don't know that they'll ever trust me, after what I've done, I don't know how you trust me." Rey smiled kindly at me, "Oh, they'll never fully trust you, but they will enough for us to win this war. As for me... well, I'm not sure why I trust you as much as I do, I guess I've always been good at seeing the best in people. Now, let's go," she said, pulling my out of the bedroom, and out of the house, and into the cruiser. Rey The cruiser was met with a swarm of Resistance soldiers armed with blasters. When the door opened I told Kylo to wait, and walked out with my hands up. Once they saw my they dropped the guns and I was met with hugs and questions about where I was and what happened. "Please do not shoot, but I brought a guest, and he comes in good wishes, free from the dark side. Ben?" I said looking back into the ship. Kylo tentatively stepped out into the light and immediately the guns were back up. I grabbed his hand, and we stood in gentle defiance in front of the entire resistance, as they trained their blasters on us, well, on him. "Kylo comes in peace, and you can feel free to arrest him, and question him, and he will abide peacefully, but if you shoot him you'll have me to answer to and I'm just getting the hang of the force." I told them. Poe creeped up the steps, before tentatively placing Kylo in handcuffs. I let go of his hand and he followed Poe through the crowd. I stood, among all my friends, watching as they carried off the love of my life, uncertain of what the future would hold, I knew it wasn't going to be easy for any of us, but I also knew that it would be good. Notes: Chapter 2 will be up when I get a chance, I already have it written and I'm currently working on chapter 3 but it's nearly finals week so I'll try and work on it over winter break. Thanks for being patient and enjoy!