Han Solo was already dead in the very same moment that he put a foot on that footbridge. He had lived long and properly -or at least he had tried-, and he had enough experience to recognize it clearly before he did. In the last moment he could have not taken that step forward, he could have not called that "Ben!" up and loud, he could have turned away and escapes from there -just blowing away the core according to the plan. Chewie... it was going to be a hard blow for him, they had been together for a long time. But Leia's words still sounded deep inside him: "Please, bring our son home." Ben turned towards him at the other side of the footbridge. "Take off that mask. You don't need it." If they were going to do that -and he had to try- at least he wanted to see his son's eyes. He wanted him to look at his face. Ben could try to avoid it but he still was his father. Kylo Ren had tried to wipe out the light from his chest too many times. All the days since the Jedi massacre, since the time in which he had finally embraced his true destiny -his grandfather’s destiny. And there were moments where the darkness almost drowned Kylo, cornering and choking it, suffocating him as the lack of oxygen extinguishes a flame. But there always remained always a last chink. Like it was impossible to seal that armored door in his psyche and small strands of light still tried to skape by the slots. Calling him. Claiming him. Pulling. For all those years, since the massacre of the foundations of the new Jedi Order... since his training... there was a chink yet... No matter how much effort he put into vanish it, it persisted. It was a shame, a humiliation. Kylo knelt in front of Snoke and knew that his master was able to see that miserable spark, no matter how minimal it was, glittering inside him with the intensity of a sun. No matter what he did, what he said, there was always that match in the darkness to discredit him, staining him. Burning him from inside. "Ben!" His body didn't tense when he heard behind his back the name which he had abandoned so long ago. He had vaguely sensed the presence of intruders, the girl whom he had tracked down… but not him . Yet, somehow, not even now was he entirely surprised. He turned around and saw him: on his feet and defying him with his body language. That man at the other side of the footbridge was a trap. But it wasn't that easy to disobey him. For example when Han Solo demanded him to unmask and reveal his face. Kylo did it, dropping the mask against the metal of the footbridge. But it wasn't harder than disobey his uncle. Han Solo scrutinized his son's face for a few seconds. They both were surrended by explosives -had his son noticed it? He bet he hadn’t. He had no way to ensure it but he always had been a good player- but he took his time. Ben was taller. But Leia still believed that Ben was there, somewhere. She hadn’t lost the hope even if Han hadn’t been able to maintain it. Eventually he had no longer been able to stay more at her side, he couldn't keep looking at her eyes after everything that happened, after losing the hope she still kept. That was much more difficult to capture than a living rathar, more difficult than smuggling it through half of the galaxy, more difficult than trick to two groups of bounty hunters at once -and calling that an easy day. Leia's voice pleading, hers last, desesperate, still hoping look remained in his chest, indelible despite all. Those words prevented him from believing the words of Kylo Ren, no matter how premeditated and inevitable they seem on the surface. No matter how different his face looked now, with clear out angles, so adult -but his eyes still had the same brightness from when he was a child. The brightness of a child who wants and tries to be an adult, who believes that he can be more mature than his father. "You know it's true", Han Solo replied to his son, with a confidence that didn't seem his own. It didn't seem his own because it wasn't. It was a confidence brought by smuggling, from across half of the galaxy. And because of this it was a fragile but stubborn confidence. Han recognized much more than mere frustration in Ren's face while he heard him. Solo's words tried to pull him, increased the light's strength which tried to exile the darkness inside him. Kylo knew it: the words were only a trick, a hoax. He resisted, embracing the darkness instead of listening to his father. He protected himself with that same darkness. That man was a trap and Kylo Ren was weak for being tempted. "It's too late", Kylo announced. His voice betrayed him. He wasn't used to his voice sounded so human, without the mask and the modulator between him and the world outside. The light's calling was strong, a temptation. His father taking one more step forward in his direction would be enough. For a second Ren thought he was going to hug him, as it was enough. As it could vanish the light from him and Solo would help him with this torture, with this weakness. Instead of that Solo continued speaking, Leia's words springing from his lips, and for a second Han thought that he was going to achieve it. He imaginated himself returning home, hugging Leia and muttering into her ear "He is still there. There is still light inside our son". For a second he saw clearly: he saw it in the suffering across Ren's -Ben's- face, now that no mask nor modulator protected him. He saw it, the light inside Kylo wasn't a miserable and small spark fighting against the whole Dark Side, instead it was a star so bright that you couldn't look at it directly because it would blind you, so white that it could exile all the shadows on its own. As it could go through the closed eyelids and burn the retina. And, slowly, Ren saw and understood how his father was able to see in his interior. With the same clarity that the supreme leader Snoke did. He felt exposed as his biggest mortification became this evident and his weakness this inmese, regardless of all his efforts to hide it, because he was incapable defeating against that part of himself which he thought he had assassinated so many times. As his grandfather's guidance wasn't enough. That man who talked to him like he was his son was a trap. But it could also be an opportunity. The opportunity that he had been searching for this whole time, finally, broke. For finally wiped out that chink of light which made him weak eclipsing the dark side inside him. Ren tightened his jaw, holding Solo's gaze. "Will you help me?" he asked with a breath. In that moment Solo remembered the fact that he was already a dead man, from the exact moment in which he had called him his son, putting a foot in that footbridge He had already known it then with the same certainly that he knew now. He was his father and he couldn’t cease to be even if Ben ran away from them and from the light. He could see the duel of wills in Ren's face, discovering in his tightened lips a grimace. He didn't doubt: "Yes. Anything." There was light in his son. There was light in ben, as Leia had always believed. It had been impossible to make her change her mind about that, no matter what Ben did. Now face to face, looking into Ben's eyes -at the same time so different and so similar from when he was a child-, he knew it. As he knew what was going to happen because it had to. Maybe Kylo Ren could try to shut the light inside him by killing his father, maybe doing that could help him in a first moment, help him against that pain in his soul... But it would surface again because it was his destiny. And, someday, he would return with his mother. Even if that day it wasn't today. That man could only help him in one way. It was the only way to eliminate the last chinks of light inside him and let him finally embrace fully the Dark Side. So he would to demonstrate his dedication to his master. Only one way. The blade of red light pierced through Han Solo's chest, side by side. Even if though the old smuggler was expecting it, it took his breath away, distorting his expression into pain while the blade burned him from inside. Chewie wasn't going to forgive him, but Han expected he could him to understand one day. He was Ben's father after all... a father had to do anything for his lost child, to help him find himself even if it wasn't today. Even if it meant giving his own life and disappointing his best friend. The memory of the wookie holding the newborn, smiling and congratulating them, was still fresh in his brain, like it was yesterday. This was the end of his life, he understood. This was what it meant: having walked the whole path, with your rights and wrongs, and recognizing the end and accepting it without regret, not wanting to change anything. Not even the last fatal step. Good luck, Leia , he thought looking into his son’s face. The pain was still there. Our son had been lost for so long... but he will return to you. Han could see it clearly in his eyes while the dark started to blur his own eyes, devouring the world around him. Han felt the cold in his fingertips and for a moment the lightsable's blade felt like the only source of heat in his body -in a whole galaxy which was vanishing. Han gasped. He trusted the future for once. I'm so sorry, Leia. Ben... Solo's eyes demised like a star which died drained by the First Order's Starkiller. And as the death of a star, his death would not be in vain. Ren panted, releasing his father's body and raising himself. At last. At last he could feel that light -which burned him from the inside- dying. This was his victory. He felt the exhaustion through in each cell of his muscles but he didn't care. At last he could give his master the final proof of his loyalty to the Dark Side. "Anything", had said his father. And anything had been done. His father had helped him in the last and more important proof of his life whilst the sun disappeared from the sky upon them and whilst the time stopped itself during the resistance attack to the base. Then an almost animal scream ripped the air, resetting the frozen time with the purest despair. When Kylo turned around the arrow meet his body, penetrating deeply in his side. It pulled out a grunt from him, making Ren fall upon a knee while the members of the Resistance -and the girl- fled. But it didn't matter: he could track them down. He would. The pain invaded him from his side, down his ribs and his skin started to bleed. Kylo received it with open hands, embracing the pain. Now he was free. He covered the wound with a gloved hand. The pain was gratifying. The pain didn't matter because the last shinks of light which had been sticking to him for so long, pulling him out, now were only dead embers. Notes: So I 10000000% believe that Han already knew very well what was to happen when he called Kylo. And when he replied "anything" to his son's plea. Kylo Ren is asking his father permission to kill him -he is asking for help to being able to do it- and Han Solo accepts. He knows that this won't help Kylo against the Light Side. Or maybe is just Harrison Ford willing to bury Han Solo (?) Anyway the scene and the acting were gorgeous. About Han and Leia relationship... I don't know if it's canon information which I didn't see, but my personal headcanon is that sometimes love isn't enough :( you can deeply, truly love someone but love doesn't make you invincible and they were defeated. Leia still believed in Ben, but Han couldn't after what happened with Luke and the padawans. So they couldn't be together. Even if they wanted. I enjoyed so much trying to put here a lot of small details -like the fact that is easier for Kylo to disobey to his uncle than to his father e_e- and I hope you enjoy looking for them.