Theed “Do you even have a plan for this journey or are we going to just walk around and you’ll tear up whenever something reminds you of your grandparents?” Hux asked about an hour into the flight. They were going in a standard transport, even if luxurious and expensive. They couldn’t go in their private ship if they wanted to appear to be normal tourists, if a little too wealthy at that. For some reason, it seemed important to Kylo and Hux didn’t have the heart to tell him no. Besides, it wasn’t all that unpleasant to strip off his title; on the contrary, it felt strangely liberating. They had to wear different clothes as well and Hux was still in shock when he saw Ren in tight pants, a simple beige tunic and a brown leather jacket. It was such a difference from Kylo’s usual black combat robes or the impossibly self-indulgent gowns he liked to wear for official occasions. (Hux loved those. He would never admit it and he always complained about the fuss Kylo made over his clothing but he loved to see his knight confident in being beautiful. It was a nice change from the mask that used to hide his face all the time.) “That’s… odd,” Hux said when he saw the disguise clothes for the first time. He didn’t bring up that he thought it looked a lot like Kylo tried to pull off a ‘Han Solo’ look. “Don’t you like it? I can wear something else,” Kylo blurted out quickly, insecure. “No, it suits you. It’s just different,” Hux explained, “lighter.” “Well I thought I could wear something simple for a holiday,” Kylo shrugged, “I got you something too.” “You chose clothes for me?” “Sort of,” Kylo admitted and bit his lip, “sorry. I got carried away.” “Let me take a look,” Hux said. He wondered why Kylo cared so much about the holiday, why he took control of everything they would do. It was relaxing to have someone else do the thinking for once, but it still surprised him. Kylo did tend to construct complicated plans but he usually backed away when they did something together. But then again, this had been Kylo’s vacation – his idea, his choice of destination. It was only logical he took control of the rest as well. Kylo presented him with several full outfits, explaining how what went with what was important and that the clothes would not work if he didn’t do this properly. “Can I ask you a question?” “Sure,” Ren stopped explaining how the blue pants went with the white shirt and looked at Hux. “Why do you wear black so much if you like to think about clothes and what matches what?” “I wasn’t always around people who found it endearing and quirky,” Kylo said matter-of-factly and he started folding the shirt in his hands with precision, staring at it intently. “I want you to come up with the best outfits you can find for me,” Hux smiled. Kylo’s excitement and gratitude were almost palpable. “Of course I have a plan,” Kylo muttered. “Of course you do,” Hux smirked, “hit me.” “We arrive on Naboo and find our hotel. We unpack our things and refresh. If we feel like it, we’ll go out to get something to eat. If we don’t, we’ll order food and eat it in bed watching holovids.” “So far it sounds a lot like what we’d do at home,” Hux pointed out. “Does it?” Ren raised an eyebrow, “Because I think at home, you’d never let me eat in bed. And we hardly ever go out. And I want to know what it’s like when nobody knows who you are.” “You have a point,” Hux admitted, “although I’m still not letting you eat in bed, don’t think you’re going to be smart with me.” “You have to take the fun out of everything,” Kylo complained. “Your conviction that eating in bed is fun reminds me that despite the progress I’ve made with you, you still lack any sort of sense for order.” “Haha,” Kylo chuckled mirthlessly. “At least I finally taught you not to climb in bed wearing shoes.” “Good for you,” Ren nodded, “now, back to our plan. In the morning, we’ll go look around the city. I’m not giving out what you’re going to see - please don’t try to find out. I want you to be surprised.” “Alright,” Hux promised. Kylo was getting into his “everything must be perfect” mood again and Hux had no idea why it mattered so much but if it did, he wouldn’t be in the way. “But, I can promise you we’ll go see the palace of the Queen.” “We can’t go visit the Queen, Ren,” Hux hissed. He hoped he was just imagining the people staring at them. “You said you wanted to go undercover. Normal people don’t get to visit Queens.” “I just want to visit the palace,” Kylo objected, “please, they allow it.” “What do you mean?” “Parts of the palace are open to the public. Not the private chambers obviously but the throne room and so. I don’t want to visit the Queen herself.” “Why would she let people inside her home?” Hux frowned, puzzled. “I don’t know, she needs the money? She’s nice? Who cares?” “That’s strange.” “You’ve never been to a palace before?” Ren asked. “I suppose my parents never found the time to take me to one. You know, with my mother getting cast off as a mistress and me being a disappointment to my father who constantly hoped he’d change my nature and make me useful, I suppose palaces sort of didn’t get their time to shine.” “I always think I’ve almost understood you and then you say something like this and I realize just how much you’re still a mystery to me,” Kylo pointed out, “we’re visiting the palace. You’ll like it, I promise.” “I hope you don’t want me to open my palace to people,” Hux said, still frowning a little. “I don’t really care. I don’t need to visit it as a tourist to see what it looks like.” “That makes no sense but I won’t ask further or I’ll be stuck with strangers staring at my bathtub.” “That’s not how it works,” Kylo sighed, “alright. Alright. The next day, we’ll stay in Theed as well and maybe make a small trip to the plains for a picnic if you’d like. Then we’ll move to Lake Country for three days.” “That doesn’t sound very specific,” Hux raised an eyebrow. “We’re going on a holiday,” Kylo pointed out, “we’ll relax. Go for hikes. Swim. We’ll decide when we’re there.” “That’s sounds eerily idle,” Hux said, “let’s do it.” “Oh no, we won’t be idle, I promise you that.” “Good.” … “Let’s go out. The air is so warm and nice,” Hux said as he opened the balcony door and stepped outside. Kylo walked out of the bathroom drying his hair with a towel and he approached Hux from behind. “It is, isn’t it?” he asked. “You’re naked,” Hux yelped. “That’s not the reaction I usually get for it.” “People can see you,” Hux growled. “Are you jealous?” Kylo laughed and planted a kiss on Hux’s bare shoulder. It was surreal to see the ginger in a tank top - Kylo didn’t have much hope that Hux would wear it when he bought it but he could hope nonetheless. He was very happy to be proved wrong. “I’m worried we’ll get kicked out of here for being indecent.” “I’m glad you like it here.” “Yes, and I’d like to go out now. So please put some clothes on,” Hux commanded. “You’re still so impatient. We’re on a holiday. You’re supposed to relax.” “I’m sorry if my hunger interferes with your desire to parade naked on a balcony,” Hux growled. “Aww, my baby’s hungry,” Kylo cooed, “That’s a different thing. I’ll be ready in a minute.” Hux hid a soft smile from Kylo. He knew how much it upset Kylo that he didn’t eat as much as his knight expected him to and only did so when someone brought the food to him or when Kylo practically force-fed him. He was glad to make Kylo happy with wanting to eat - he truly was hungry. “You look nice, by the way,” Kylo said as he looked for a shirt, “I like your shoulders.” “You’ve never said that.” “I’ve never properly seen them. Right now, they’re on a display.” “You’re an idiot,” Hux grinned. “I’m your idiot.” “You bet you are.” “Alright, let’s go,” Kylo smiled and kissed Hux on the cheek swiftly. They walked out of the room with their arms around each other’s waists. “I like your hair like this,” Hux said after a while. “You do? It’s very flamboyant,” Kylo grinned and shook his wet mane. It got longer than he had kept it, it reached his shoulder-blades now. “Well, what can I say, I like me a rebel,” Hux replied. “What would you like to eat?” Kylo asked. “Let’s try something local. I’m in an adventurous mood tonight.” “Who are you and what have you done with my Hux?!” Kylo exclaimed and laughed. Hux laughed a little with him too, mostly because of his reaction. Kylo’s face was lit up, unbothered by worry or jealousy which often posed problems in their relationship. It all seemed to go away when they hid under the masks of ordinary tourists; Kylo was carefree, dismissive of the strangers shooting glances at them. Hux decided he liked this holiday, whatever happened on it. “You know, I love it when you say that,” Hux pointed out after a while. “Say what?” “My Hux,” the Emperor whispered and flushed slightly. “Well you’re mine and that’s your name, or at least a part of it. Would you prefer me calling you “my plumbing company”?” Kylo asked, referencing that one time when Hux surrendered his name to him in a moment of weakness. “No, Hux is fine. Never mind,” Hux sighed, exasperated. “You could call me yours too, you know?” Kylo suggested, “It’s not like I don’t belong to you too.” “Thank you,” Hux said only. They didn’t speak until they reached the busy main street that hustled and bustled with people chatting, laughing and eating. Hux smiled almost against his will, melting in Kylo’s embrace. He supposed he never quite appreciated how much he needed a holiday. “Come, let’s find some restaurant you’d like. Just point out any you fancy,” Kylo invited Hux, seeing the bliss on his lover’s face. They ended up in a small restaurant that had two tables outside on the pavement. Kylo and Hux occupied one after a smiling blonde girl pointed them to it. They thanked her and listened to her chatter about their specialities and offers. Hux didn’t hesitate before ordering blossom wine. He had read about it but he never got to taste it. He supposed he could have ordered it, being the Emperor, but he doubted it would be the same. They each took a sip and kept it in their mouth, savouring it. It was like nothing Hux had ever tasted and he decided to ask for it after all when he gets home. Kylo agreed enthusiastically. They ended up sharing a plate of a pot roast from shaak, an animal native to Naboo. When the waitress presented them with pictures of the animal, obviously used to the guests’ curiosity, Kylo burst out laughing. Hux apologized for him before chuckling himself, unable to stop the mirth from seeing Kylo’s joy. Later they were presented with a meal prepared from another Naboo animal, Nuna, and Kylo was giggling again. Hux was worried about what the girl would recommend as dessert, knowing they’ve already attracted plenty of attention. She always waved him off when he tried to apologize and she gave him an enigmatic look Hux wasn’t entirely capable of decoding. “If you’re in Theed for the first time, you must try the plasma cloud. There’s no way you can visit Naboo without trying plasma cloud,” the waitress informed them. Hux didn’t see a reason to oppose her. She came back with two bowls filled with something that truly resembled a cloud. The waitress stood by when they tried it and listened to their every word, trying to appear inconspicuous and failing. She smiled when she watched them puzzle over what they were eating. “I don’t think it’s from a fruit,” Hux pointed out. “What is it then?” “I don’t know.” “That’s typical,” Kylo pretended to be upset, “you only criticize without bringing any new idea.” “Miss,” Hux called for the waitress who was barely able to contain her laughter, “you can stop being amused by us and come tell us now.” “It’s the white of a pikobi’s egg infused with plasma,” she explained. “See? It’s not from a fruit,” Hux exclaimed. He supposed he must have drunk more of the blossom wine than he should have. Then he decided he didn’t care. He was on a holiday. He could get drunk if he wanted. “Are pikobi’s as hilarious as shaaks and nunas?” Kylo asked instead of accepting defeat. “No, not really,” the girl said, “sorry.” “Shame.” They paid afterwards and gave the girl a very generous tip. She thanked them over and over as if she’s never seen as many credits as they gave her. “Have a good night,” she said and Hux’s ears turned pink when she winked at them. “Oh we will,” Kylo called and made it worse. Hux wanted to hide his face in his hands. And to cuddle with Kylo. They took a stroll down the street that was lit by small lanterns now that the sun had set. There were people enjoying their meals outside restaurants, small animals rushing from side to side of the street, couples kissing. Hux stopped by a small fountain and sat at its edge, tugging at the front of Kylo’s shirt. “Kiss me,” he breathed out. He realized he was drunk and yet couldn’t stop himself from blabbering, which was the worst sort of drunk. He was still able to walk properly but his restraints were gone. “You’re so clingy when you’re drunk,” Kylo chuckled but he kissed him anyway. Their kiss tasted of the plasma cloud and blossom wine. Hux tried to pull Kylo on top of him and nearly fell into the fountain. Kylo’s strong arm caught him just above the water. “And so silly,” Kylo added and raised Hux onto his feet again. “I’m not drunk.” “Right.” “Why do you never get drunk?” Hux whined. “Because I’m a lot bigger than you. I can take more. I’d need more to get drunk but you’re already under the table when I’m just getting tipsy.” “Are you insulting me?” “Just a little.” “You’re mean.” “Yes,” Kylo admitted and took his lover’s hand. They walked a little bit farther when they encountered a tattoo parlour. Hux’s eyes widened and a grin split his face. “Let’s go there,” he said and tugged at Kylo’s hand. “What? No. You’re drunk. You’ll regret it when you’re sober,” Kylo resisted. “I won’t,” Hux said, “are you a coward or what?” “I most certainly am not,” Kylo protested and made his way to the little shop with Hux in tow. There was a bell on the door and it tinkled when they entered. “Good evening, may I help you?” the owner said. It was a young man, covered in tattoos. He even had a few piercings and a plastic tunnel that created a hole in his earlobe. Kylo hoped Hux didn’t mean to get something like that. “We’d like to get tattoos,” Hux said. “Let me guess,” the man looked at them both, “you’re drunk, you’re in love and you don’t have one yet. Each other’s name, isn’t it?” “Yes,” Hux smiled broadly. He didn’t know what he wanted to get, there was just an impulse, when he saw the parlour. Now when the man said so, it was the obvious choice. “Do you know where?” “On our hearts,” Kylo answered this time, without hesitation. “Cheesy,” the artist snickered, “who’s first?” Hux volunteered to be the lab rat and he insisted on Kylo holding his hand. The shop owner didn’t even blink at that, apparently used to all sorts of drunk couples. He worked quickly and efficiently and soon enough Hux was good to go, with a nice and shiny Kylo just below his left nipple. Kylo’s took even less time. They listened to the man instructing them on how to treat it and what to look for in case something happened with the tattoos, and they paid him generously before leaving. They took a lot of time to get back home, holding hands and enjoying the view of the night sky. Hux started to sober up and by the time they reached the hotel he was mostly back to normal. They stripped and climbed into the bed naked. Hux fell asleep with his hand possessively over his own name on Kylo’s breast. … Hux had assumed a holiday would mean lazy mornings in bed, pulling at Kylo’s hair and muffled: “leave me alone, Hux.” He was ready to read some books - nonfiction books, because they were a treat he didn’t usually let himself have. He had expected watching Kylo changing channels on the holovid and frowning because he didn’t like what was on. What he got was Kylo dragging him out of bed so early it hardly classified as ‘late night’ in the schematics Kylo had given Hux. There was an actual graph depicting the times when it was okay to be awake, in which ‘late night’ was followed by ‘early morning’ and then ‘morning’, the first acceptable daytime after midnight. “Ren, what is my favourite yoghurt flavour?” Hux asked when Kylo put on clothes, jumping around excitedly, as if he was using all the energy he didn’t have during all the mornings they had spent together. “You don’t eat yoghurts,” Kylo frowned, “you can’t eat yoghurts.” “What’s my favourite day?” Hux asked again, thinking back to when Kylo had sent him a message that sparked the revolution leading to him wearing a crown. “The day before a day off,” Kylo said automatically, “what’s wrong, Hux?” There were times when Hux would ask Kylo questions that felt illogical, as if the answer was obvious. They had puzzled Kylo at first and scared him later when he learnt what they fully meant. “Sometimes,” Hux had said, “I don’t know what’s real. If I’m real. Or I forget if I like wearing socks or not.” “Like when you wake up in the middle of the night?” Kylo asked. “Yes. Except in the middle of the day. It’s scary and scary always leads to unnecessary panic.” “Do you forget me?” Kylo took Hux’s hand and wove their fingers. “No,” Hux closed his eyes, “but sometimes I don’t believe you’re real.” “I am real.” “I know.” “Good.” “Nothing, I promise, it’s not that,” Hux replied hastily, “I just… I guess I’m paranoid. I just panicked when I saw you up this early.” “Sorry,” Kylo smiled. Hux loved Kylo’s smiles, the genuine ones, the little ones. He was beautiful when he smiled but it took him years to learn to do it again after Snoke forced it out of him. Sometimes Hux caught himself thinking that if there was one thing he was proud of changing in the world, it was the frequency and ease of Kylo’s smiles. Then he realized how silly it sounded and hoped Kylo couldn’t somehow hear it. “Well I scared you too, so I guess we’re even,” Hux stood up from bed and walked over to the bathroom. Kylo followed him. “But really, what’s the hurry?” “I told you yesterday, we have lots of things to see,” Kylo explained, “I hope you’re not hungover.” “No,” Hux flushed the toilet and bent down to see if his head hurt. It didn’t. “Good. You have ten minutes to get ready.” “Do I sound like that when I wake you up? Because I honestly hate you right now.” Hux washed his face in the sink, wiped his eyes to get rid of the mucus sticking his eyelashes together. Sleeping in foreign places didn’t agree with his allergies. Sometimes he envied Kylo so much, especially when all the stupid flowers got to bloom at the same time and his head felt like it would explode. “Please note I don’t want you to go to tedious meetings and obnoxious discussions with self-important people.” “If you’re trying to get me to feel sorry for you, you’re very clever about it,” Hux pointed out, “but it’s not going to work.” He noticed the tattoo on his chest then and inspected it in the mirror. The skin around it was still a little raw but otherwise it looked good. He almost expected to feel embarrassed or annoyed that he got it but there were no regrets. Having Ren’s name on himself felt good and the script was very elegant. He caught Kylo’s eyes in the mirror. “I still love it,” he said, almost needlessly. “Yeah, me too,” Kylo smiled, “now come on, we’ve got places to be.” It turned out Kylo wasn’t making fun of Hux. There was a line in front of the royal palace, people of all races and planets chatting cheerfully – sometimes angrily – in the queue. Hux made his way to the end of the line out of habit, still valuing order and conformity over special treatment. Kylo grabbed his hand and walked to another, almost empty window. “What’s going on? I thought we were undercover,” Hux asked. “We are. I pre-ordered our tickets so we don’t have to wait.” They were allowed into a spacious courtyard illuminated by caressing sunrays. Kylo had a datapad with information on the palace in one hand and he linked fingers of the other with Hux’s. He occasionally pointed out a statue or a painting. Hux thought he might have to pretend to enjoy himself to please Kylo but he soon forgot about it, immersed fully in the history and beauty around him. Kylo smiled fondly as he watched Hux study a particularly detailed tapestry. He didn’t pay attention to the little things as much as to the place itself. This was the building where his grandmother lived. He tried to connect to the Force, to feel her in the aura of the walls. They didn’t speak much beside Kylo’s clinical commentary on the pieces they passed, both in their own thoughts. “Kylo,” Hux pulled at Kylo’s hand and led him into a spacious room. There were portraits lining the walls, portraits of young women in bold make-up and extravagant hairdo’s. Kylo’s eyes roamed around the seemingly endless lines of paintings, trying to see a face he knew from photos- “There she is,” Hux pointed out quietly, nudging Kylo slightly. Kylo turned around. There was a bigger portrait alone on the shorter wall. Kylo watched in awe. He knew the people of Naboo admired his grandmother greatly but he didn’t expect this much. “She was beautiful,” Kylo whispered. “And so young,” Hux mused, “it makes me feel old.” Kylo turned to him suddenly, surprised. He’d never heard Hux make a remark like that before. “You’re not old.” “I’m older than she ever was.” “Are you telling me you want to die young or something? Because that’s stupid and I suggest you stop,” Kylo said, squeezing Hux’s hand. “Of course I’m not,” Hux shook his head, “but she achieved so much so young.” “I’m glad you admire her.” “I think she’s much more admirable than your grandfather to be quite honest.” “I’m going to pretend I only heard the part where you admire my grandma,” Kylo said solemnly. Hux chuckled. They walked through more and more chambers but none left quite as much impression on them. When they came back into the courtyard, then sun was higher on the sky and felt almost too warm. They sat down onto a bench under a branchy tree. “We should get a portrait,” Hux said as they watched the leaves rustle in a soft breeze. “Actually, I’m surprised we haven’t had one done yet,” Kylo smiled. “Maybe because I’m too busy to pose for one.” “See? I told you, you work too much.” “I’m in charge of the whole galaxy, there’s no such thing as working too much.” “Good thing you have me to be in charge of you,” Kylo murmured against Hux’s ear, “what would you do without me?” “Live a boring life filled with work, probably still on a Star-destroyer.” “Right. Horrifying, isn’t it?” … They had a small lunch in a cosy little restaurant that overlooked a river. Then they took a stroll in the park filled with artists and merchants and ended up in front of a magnificent building adorned with a coat of arms. “A university?” Hux asked. “The eldest on the planet, at least out of the human ones,” Kylo agreed, “it’s supposed to have more valuables than the royal palaces of the humans and the Gungans combined.” “Well it sure has a very appealing shadow over there,” Hux pointed to a fountain surrounded by an arcade. “I should put some more sunscreen on you,” Kylo pointed out, “or you’ll burn and ruin this holiday.” “You don’t have to baby me,” Hux protested but he allowed Kylo to massage his neck with the sunscreen. He could almost feel his freckles sparking up on his skin, appearing under Kylo’s touch to give him a reason to mock Hux. “I need to make sure you don’t get yourself hurt because you sure have no clue how to do that.” “It’s not like I survived three decades without you.” “But very nearly,” Kylo said solemnly, “besides, there’s more to life than bare survival.” “True,” Hux nodded. “Now give me the babywipes, I need to wash my hands, this stuff is icky.” Hux wondered, for a brief moment, if he’ll ever grow tired of Kylo’s never-ending shifting between meaningful comments and silly statements. Or of his constant worry over Hux and his sometimes-superfluous protectiveness. Hux supposed Kylo never truly accepted – or maybe understood – that he is not helpless and fragile just because he can’t wield the Force. He could certainly do without the jealousy but then again, he knew Kylo didn’t truly mean it. It was his insecurities taking hold of him and making him feel like he wasn’t enough, like he could never be enough, and that Hux is merely making fun of him or that he'll grow tired of him. No matter how many times Hux assured him of his love, Kylo was still uncertain. Hux thought they'd go back to the hotel after spending two hours wandering around the university’s facilities, and lie in bed for a while, maybe read a bit, when Kylo stood up again and dragged him to the river. “We're taking a boat ride,” Kylo announced proudly. Hux stared at a little rowing boat, which hardly classified as a boat, in disbelief. “Just the two of us?” “Yes.” “Where did you get it?” “I rented it,” Kylo frowned as if it were obvious, “I hope you're not afraid.” “Afraid?” Hux snorted. He wasn't exactly afraid, not for himself. He was fairly certain Kylo wouldn't allow anything bad to befall him. “I'm merely expressing concern about you navigating this thing.” “I piloted starships, I think I can handle a boat,” Kylo pointed out, “now come on, we have to be back by seven.” Hux followed Kylo into the dinghy and sat down on the bench opposite him. Kylo undid the knot that bound them to the pier and threw the rope inside the boat while pushing them into the stream with strong arms. When he sat down, the boat bounced and Hux caught the sides of it instinctively. “Don't worry, love, I won't let you drown,” Kylo smiled and took hold of the oars. Hux stuck his tongue at Kylo. “You could never catch me if I decided to drown,” he teased. “You think?” “Yes. I’m good at swimming you know? I won some competitions as a cadet.” “So you keep saying,” Kylo grinned, “but you underestimate my resolution to protect you.” “Ah, you romantic,” Hux slapped Kylo’s thigh but he smiled fondly. “What wouldn’t I do for you?” “Deal with a spider, for one.” “Spiders are terrifying and malicious.” “I thought you said all creatures were good because they are connected in the Force.” “Except spiders. Spiders cause disturbances in the Force. I tell you, they’re responsible for every catastrophe and cataclysm that’s ever happened,” Kylo said with a straight face. Hux knew his knight good enough to know he was probably convinced of it. “As you say,” he laughed and leaned back to enjoy the sun on his cheeks. He didn’t put any product in his hair, indulging Kylo who claimed he liked Hux better with fluffy, unruly hair and it was floating in the light breeze, moving way too easily. He knew he will be at least very freckly in the evening, if not sunburnt, despite Kylo’s care and he was pleased to know he didn’t think twice about it. Kylo claimed to like his freckles and other imperfections, so he’ll have plenty of those to admire. Hux dipped his hand into the warm water of the river and enjoyed the sensation. He closed his eyes, aware of Kylo’s gaze on his body. He hardly ever let his guard down this much, let alone exposed himself but he felt warm and safe. The boat stopped moving and he opened his eyes slowly, almost unwillingly. He saw Kylo biting his lip. His sight still obscured by his lashes, he watched his lover smirk seductively and unbutton his shirt way too low for it to be appropriate. “You don’t have to pretend to be asleep to watch me,” Kylo said, “I know you can’t resist me.” “Are you seriously taking off your shirt right now?” Hux asked, blinking rapidly in the light. “What? I’m hot,” Kylo protested with a wolfish grin. There was a trail of sweat between his pecs. Hux wanted to lick it. “That you are,” Hux mused and shifted his weight so that their knees were touching. “I’m so looking forward to undressing you today,” Kylo murmured, his voice deep, “to those pale little shoulders.” “I’m not little,” Hux remarked half-heartedly. He was little compared to Kylo after all. Few things weren’t, if he were to be honest, and his height got him nowhere in this. “You are very much so, your Imperial Grace,” Kylo murmured and brought their faces close, his breath warm on Hux’s skin. “I’m glad you know your place,” Hux whispered. “You mean your bed?” “I mean my heart.” Hux kissed Kylo before he could analyse the words, blushing slightly. He had no problem admitting his feelings for Kylo but he still struggled with expressing them, always afraid Kylo will find it too much, too ridiculous. Kylo brought his warm, sweaty hands to Hux’s hips. Their knees kept bumping against each other. Hux’s shirt clung to his skin and he felt filthy and sticky. “I love you,” Kylo whispered into his mouth and smiled when Hux melted in his arms. “I should hope you do,” Hux grinned. “You’re an asshole.” “That I am,” Hux nodded. He traced the sweaty trail on Kylo’s chest with his index finger, “and a happy one.” “You are?” “Mhmm,” Hux hummed and waited for Kylo’s eyes to meet his before smiling, “very much so.” “I’m glad.” They saw the city from a different perspective. Hux found himself fascinated with the view, of things from below rather than above. He had spent so many years on starships he almost forgot what planets looked like up close. Kylo kept pointing out various geographical points, and, being Kylo, added which of them had been visited by Darth Vader. Hux found it sweet that Kylo kept his little obsession even now when he was, as he kept assuring Hux, no longer torn apart. Hux wanted to believe Kylo was telling him the truth, that his love could help him find peace he had never known before. Not only was it hopelessly romantic, something Hux would never admit to crave, but it meant Hux wasn’t the only one living off the relationship, sometimes finding the strength to get out of bed in it. “Can we do this during the night?” Hux asked after a stretch of silence. “Do what?” “Take a ride in this boat.” “I don’t know. Why?” “I’d like to see the stars.” “Ah, stargazing is definitely on the list of things we’re going to do here, don’t worry,” Kylo replied, “can’t miss an opportunity to show off the stars I’ve brought you, can I?” “No, you can’t,” Hux nodded. They left the boat on a different pier in the city centre and Kylo helped Hux get out of it. Hux allowed Kylo to pamper him that day – to take his things, to open the doors for him and other small things he often denied Kylo, saying the knight wasn’t his servant. Kylo saw it differently; he thought he could be courteous to Hux and still be his equal. “So, what now?” Kylo asked, “do you want to go to a restaurant again or just order something to the room?” “I’m so tired I might let you eat in bed,” Hux said earnestly, “and have you carry me there.” “I knew there was a way,” Kylo said with a smirk. He wrapped his arm around Hux’s waist and pressed his Emperor to his side. The way to the hotel was short; Kylo anticipated Hux would be exhausted at the end of the day. “Don’t be so smug,” Hux mumbled, “I’m only doing this to make you happy as a thank you.” “Of course, my fierce emperor,” Kylo nodded, like a parent would. “Shut up,” Hux poked Kylo in the ribs. “Never.” They commed the restaurant of the hotel to bring up some food to their room. Hux took a cold shower and moaned audibly when he massaged his sore feet with the flow of water. When he stepped out of the cubicle, Kylo was waiting for him with a white fluffy towel. “Come here, china doll,” he wrapped Hux in the towel, drying him gently. As he anticipated, Hux’s neck and forearms were red while the rest of him was as pale as ever. He paid special care to the burnt spaces to not irritate them. “Does it hurt?” he asked, dabbing Hux’s neck with the towel. “No,” Hux mumbled, “I can feel it but it doesn’t hurt.” “Good,” Kylo kissed the protruding vertebra that was half red, half white, “you’re going to be so freckly in the morning.” “Please don’t talk about it,” Hux sighed, “it’s enough that you insist on fetishizing it.” “They’re cute,” Kylo remarked, “it’s not my fault you can’t see it.” He wrapped Hux in the towel again and lifted him up effortlessly, carrying him to the bedroom. He dropped Hux onto the mattress and rummaged through his things before he found a bottle of body milk. Hux watched him intently and sighed happily. He was in for a treat. Kylo climbed onto the bed still in his filthy clothes – and Hux let him , just because of the prospect of a soothing massage – and straddled Hux’s thighs. Kylo started with Hux’s arms, bringing his hands to his lips and kissing each finger before rubbing the lotion into Hux’s skin; hands, wrists, arms. Hux’s eyes fluttered closed with bliss. “Don’t you fall asleep,” Kylo threatened, “I’m not done with you yet.” “I won’t,” Hux promised but he didn’t open his eyes again, “I promise.” When he was done with Hux’s arms, Kylo moved to his neck and chest. Hux thought briefly about how reckless he’d become, completely at Ren’s mercy with his big hands just a squeeze from pushing life out of him. “You know I’m scared of how much I trust you, right?” he mumbled. Kylo’s hands moved to his chest, fingers dipping into the hollows beneath his collarbones. “And I’m telling you for the millionth time that it’s okay to trust people.” Hux didn’t respond to that. Kylo pushed the towel away and massaged Hux’s chest. Hux felt warm all over, so content he feared he might start purring like a cat. When Kylo got to his stomach, it made a grumbling noise. “Are you hungry again?” Kylo smiled and circled Hux’s bellybutton with his thumb. “Hungry for you,” Hux mumbled. His stomach disagreed. “I knew you don’t eat because of work,” Kylo mumbled, almost accusingly, and he traced Hux’s hipbones with his fingers. “Or maybe you exhausted me today.” “I exhaust you every day,” Kylo protested, “you said so.” “Yes, but that’s more of a mental strain.” “I love it when you talk dirty to me, baby.” “You’re an idiot,” Hux chuckled. Kylo’s hands moved with his stomach. Then he tossed the towel aside completely and started applying the lotion to Hux’s thighs. Hux’s breath hitched when his fingers ghosted of the inner side of them, over the little spot just beneath his groin. His cock stirred, expecting attention. Kylo ignored it. He made Hux bend his leg at the knee to access the back of it and rubbed it thoroughly. Then he had the audacity to touch Hux’s cock again, gave it two pumps and moved his attention to Hux’s other leg. “You fucking tease,” Hux groaned. “Don’t rush things, baby,” Kylo warned him, “I’m taking care of you today, remember?” “This isn’t taking care of me, this is torture,” Hux protested and opened his eyes at last. “Don’t be impatient, we’ll get there just fine,” Kylo promised. “I’ll buy you that expensive dagger you want,” Hux begged. “Let me take care of your skin,” Kylo shushed him, “I don’t want you to be all wrinkly just because you didn’t want to take your time with this.” “I hate you,” Hux spat in frustration. “I know,” Kylo kissed the inside of Hux’s knee. He rubbed more of the lotion into Hux’s lower legs and then his feet. Hux sighed when Kylo massaged his them thoroughly, rubbing each toe individually. “See? This is important,” Kylo grinned. Hux glared at him, “now turn on your stomach.” Hux did. Kylo paid special attention to his nape, applying more lotion to it. It was warm to the touch, warmer than the rest of his body. Then Kylo worked his way down Hux’s back, trying to ignore the bones he could feel way too easily under his hands. Finally, he reached Hux’s ass, palming it in his hands, and he bent down to whisper into Hux’s ear. “Do you want me to massage you from the inside too?” Hux whimpered. Kylo loved it when he whimpered, and Hux wanted a particularly good fuck that day. He was warm and fuzzy and so happy in the cocoon of Kylo’s love and care that a good orgasm was the only thing that separated him from utter bliss. “I do,” he said, sticking his ass up a little, “please.” “Of course you do,” Kylo smiled, “you want me so bad you don’t even care that I’m sweaty and dirty. Is that right?” “You’ve already touched me everywhere,” Hux pointed out. There was a soft knock of the door then. Kylo couldn’t plan it better if he tried. He grinned and pinched Hux’s ass before getting up. Hux groaned and sat up on the bed. Kylo opened the door and accepted a tray from a timid-looking girl. He slipped her some credits and thanked her before kicking the door closed. He laid the tray on the table. Hux stopped being mad the second he smelled the food, his mouth watering. “It smells amazing,” he said and his stomach agreed. “Can you wait for a while before I take a shower?” Kylo asked. Hux knew his lover was testing his patience, pushing him to his limits to see just how much he can stomach before snapping. “Of course, darling,” he gave Kylo the sweetest smile he was capable of in the moment, “go enjoy your shower.” “I’ll be right back.” “Don’t take too long,” Hux called after him, “I’ll miss you.” Hux was sitting on the bed idly, trying to come up with some sort of revenge. He couldn’t start eating the food, that would be just as bad as touching himself, although not as humiliating. Actually, there was something he could do to piss Kylo off, something to show he had just as much self-restraint as Kylo did. Hux smirked. His thoughts went back in time for a while, to when he thought Kylo was a crybaby with zero impulse control. It was a different lifetime, and although he did sometimes miss the simplicity of being the First Order’s General, he would not want his ignorance back. Hux knew Kylo took his work datapad with him. He would never leave it behind completely, not when he knew how anxious it would make Hux, and he promised to check it every now and then if there were any new messages from Phasma, the only person Hux trusted to inform him of only the important things. Hux was pleased to realise he hadn’t thought of his work since they arrived, and that he only recalled it now when he wanted petty revenge on Kylo. He walked over to Kylo’s bag, a thing Hux would be happy to call a purse if it weren’t so damn huge, and started rummaging through it. He was about to pull the datapad out and check it when a small black box caught his attention. He felt curious, and just a little guilty, when he pulled it out to inspect it. There was a small clasp holding it closed and Hux listened to the sound of the shower still running, his heart pounding in his chest, before flicking the thing open. He wasn’t sure what he expected. He supposed he didn’t expect anything in particular, he was just curious, and nosey. His breath caught in his throat, his heart sped up a little more and he almost squeaked when he saw the inside of the box. It was cushioned with smooth dark green fabric, probably velvet although Hux couldn’t be sure. And between the cushions, a thin silver ring sat. Hux touched it gingerly and almost gave in to the temptation to pull it out and try it on his finger before he mustered up enough brain power to close the box and put it back where it came from along with the datapad. He made his way back onto the bed and settled down on it just in time to greet Kylo with a smile. His heart was running crazy, probably trying to use up as many beats as possible before it gives out when Kylo presents him with the ring for real. But why was he hiding it? Was he insecure? Waiting for the proper moment? What was going on? Hux had never given much thought to getting married. The idea crossed his mind a few times – when he woke up after they defeated Snoke and Kylo was waiting by his bed, when Kylo fucked him so good he thought he’ll never be able to stand up again, when Kylo killed a man who tried to assassinate Hux, with his bare hands. But it had only been a thought, a concept, never a solid idea. But now… Hux found himself very eager to get married, to put a ring on Kylo and bind him to himself with one more strand. The water flow stopped and Hux rushed to put the box and datapad back where he found them, rearranging the bag to how it looked before he touched it, hoping Kylo wouldn’t notice. He climbed onto the bed and tried to appear like he hadn’t moved at all, stretching lazily. Kylo emerged out of the bathroom followed by a moist cloud, a towel wrapped around his waist. He hadn’t dried himself properly – he never did, for some reason – and there was water glistening on his skin. Hux’s heart fluttered. This man, this gorgeous embodiment of his fantasies, wanted to marry him. It was almost too much. “You’re really excited about something,” Kylo pointed out. Hux was grateful for his sunburn; he was most certainly blushing right now. Kylo can never know Hux had seen the ring, it would break his heart. Hux wasn’t sure how he knew that but he did. “What are you thinking?” “Just that I love you so much,” Hux replied, “and that I want you here.” “You’re really affectionate today,” Kylo smiled. “That’s because you pamper me so much. Now come here.” Kylo picked up the tray with the food and set it on the bed before climbing into the bed too. He was dropped the towel, settling onto the bed in a seductive pose. Hux found it distracting, his eyes following a one drop flow down Kylo’s arm. “My eyes are up here,” Kylo joked, “you have to eat first. I won’t have you fainting on me.” “You’re flattering yourself,” Hux smirked but he did pick up a fork from the side of the tray. “I’m not, I just want to be cautious,” Kylo picked up his fork and impaled a tender piece of meat with it, “now open up.” They fed each other with the meal, an enormous bowl of pasta with at least five kinds of meat in it. Hux fell in love with Kylo over and over during that moment, with his hands, his lips and his eyes as well as his words and the adoration that radiated from his every move. “I was thinking about what you said earlier, about grandma being the more admirable,” Kylo said in between two mouthfuls. “What about it?” “I think it’s because you’re more like her while I’m more like grandpa.” “Really,” Hux tried not to sound condescending. But then again, maybe there was something interesting about Kylo’s theory. “You’re sure about what you want, and when you want something, you get it, no second thoughts. But I… I question a lot of things. I keep stopping and asking if this is the best thing I can do, and if it will please you.” “Please me?” “Because I want you to be happy, of course.” “I don’t want you to do something just because you think it will please me. I love you, even if you’re infuriating sometimes.” “I know that,” Kylo nodded, “that’s why I’m trying not to do what I think you’d want just for the sake of it. That doesn’t mean I don’t think about it.” “And how does that have anything to do with your grandparents?” “They were a lot like that too, at least from what I’ve heard.” “I see.” Hux could see hesitation in Kylo’s eyes, a small pause as if he was contemplating something. His heart jumped when he guessed that maybe Kylo was thinking about proposing then. But the moment passed and Hux tried not to feel disappointed when he swallowed another spoonful of pasta. When they finished eating, Kylo cleaned the plate away and Hux lay down on his back, sighing happily. He was too full to move, let alone have sex. “Do you not want to sleep with me anymore?” he asked and rubbed his belly. “Why would you think that?” Kylo asked and climbed back onto the bed. “Because you stuffed me so much I won’t be able to move for hours.” “I got carried away when I saw how pretty you look when you eat,” Kylo said. He lay on his side beside Hux, supporting his head with one hand while tracing the other across Hux’s stomach, “and we have plenty of time. We can sleep in tomorrow.” “Oh that would be nice.” “Are you sure you’re not up for it?” Kylo asked after a while, “I have some wicked things in mind.” “I might throw up on you,” Hux murmured but he didn’t stop Kylo’s hand from moving lower, caressing the skin of his groin. “Kinky,” Kylo smirked, “I’ll make sure not to squeeze your belly then.” Hux tried to pull him closer for a kiss but Kylo was already moving, spreading Hux’s legs to sit between them. “You really are generous today,” Hux murmured when Kylo licked and nibbled his way up his thigh. “What wouldn’t I do for you?” … Hux woke up first the next day. He glanced at Kylo on the other side of the bed and slipped out from under the covers and into the refresher silently, careful not to wake him up. He lifted his shirt up to inspect his navel and found a satisfying wreath of bruises on his hips. There were some on his neck and his inner thighs too, and a slight fatigue to his muscles. He sighed happily and padded back into the bedroom. The room was dark, heavy drapes obscured the sun that was most probably out already. Hux picked up his non-work datapad Kylo got him so that Hux wouldn’t have an excuse to work. There was no access to the holonet on it and it could do very few things beyond allowing him to read and listen to music, which was exactly why Kylo bought it. Hux browsed through his list of books before opening one both Phasma and Kylo seemed to enjoy. There weren’t many things the pair agreed on so wholeheartedly, and that made Hux reconsider reading it. It promised to be an action-filled book, about wars in space, and Hux was reluctant to read something as…plain. But then again, he trusted his lover and best friend and they promised it was more than it seemed. It started exactly as he anticipated, right in the middle of a battle, yet he found himself captivated by the story. The protagonist woke up in a middle of a war whose first battle send him into a hundred-year long cryogenic sleep, surrounded by people who worshipped him as a hero. Hux leafed through the book easily, reading past the third chapter in no time. “Are you actually reading Abandoned squadron ?” Kylo murmured in his ear. Hux hadn’t noticed him wake up. “I am,” Hux nodded, “and I’m actually quite enjoying it.” He marked his place in the book and shut the pad off. He took off his glasses and smiled at Kylo. “Good morning,” he whispered and kissed him. “Good morning indeed,” Kylo smiled and snatched Hux’s glasses, putting them on his nose and squinting. “Stars, you’re so blind! ” “Yes, I am, it has not changed since the last time you did this,” Hux sighed, “As surprising as it may be to you, I do not in fact wear them to cater to your sexual fantasies.” “Shut up,” Kylo smirked. “Have you slept well?” Hux asked. “Oh yes,” Kylo stretched, “I especially enjoyed it when you kicked me in the shin a few times and then woke me up convinced there was someone staring at you.” “I’m sorry,” Hux apologised. He got nightmares sometimes, or just feelings of uneasiness, seeing shapes and figures in the darkness. His bad eyesight certainly didn’t help. “It’s okay baby,” Kylo kissed his temple to show he meant it, “I’m always happy to fight your demons for you.” Hux smiled and intertwined his fingers with Kylo’s, for a moment imagining silver rings on them. “So what are we doing today?” “Hmm, let me think,” Kylo said pensively. At the same time, Hux felt Kylo’s other hand caress the skin just above his waistband. “Yep, we’re staying in bed for a while.” “I thought we had a strict plan,” Hux chuckled but rolled on top of Kylo. There were bruises and scratches on Kylo’s chest and neck and Hux almost felt guilty. He truly lost it the night before. “We do,” Kylo agreed, slipping his hands in Hux’s boxers and cupping his ass, “that’s why you have to choose one thing you want to do.” “Just one?” Hux whined, “but that’s unfair.” “Unfair to whom?” “Me?” Hux asked uncertainly. “Ah come on, you love schedules. You can’t resist them.” “I can.” “Say it,” Kylo urged him with a lopsided smile. “Say what?” “You know what.” “I can’t resist you,” Hux admitted finally, “you’re more irresistible than anything else.” “That’s my good boy,” Kylo smiled, “now choose one thing.” “That’s definitely unfair,” Hux groaned, “you make me sound all needy and desperate and then make me choose!” “Yes,” Kylo nodded and pressed a finger against Hux’s hole, “and I could take that away too if you keep whining. Now tell me what you want.” Hux gasped and closed his eyes, trying to get more of Kylo’s fingers in. “Do you want me to stop and get dressed? I will,” Kylo warned. “No!” Hux whimpered, too fast, too breathless, too impatient. If there still was space for shame in their relationship, he’d be red all over. “That’s what I thought,” Kylo smiled, “no tell me, doll, what do you want? My fingers? My cock? My mouth? My ass? Just name it.” “Your cock,” Hux gasped breathlessly and moved away from Kylo, slipping off his finger. He rose onto his knees, his face buried in the mattress. “Like this.” “You know I won’t be gentle with you like this,” Kylo warned him, kneeling up too and grabbing a bottle of lube. “I’m counting on it,” Hux groaned, “I think you missed a spot when you tried to bruise every inch of my skin.” “I wanted you to put on the tank top again.” “Not happening.” “As you wish,” Kylo slipped his now slick finger into Hux again, quickly adding another, “I’ll fuck you so good you’ll want me to carry you.” “You’d like that,” Hux muttered and moaned when Kylo’s fingers crooked just right. Kylo pulled them out of him, replacing them with his cock promptly before Hux had a chance to protest. There was the strain of not enough preparation, the slight burn of too much, and Hux bit down onto his own forearm. “You okay there, doll?” Hux whimpered in response, something in between a sob and a moan. “Don’t stop,” he said finally when Kylo didn’t move. “Yes, your grace,” Kylo mocked and curled the fingers of his left hand in Hux’s hair, pulling at it. Hux was forced to throw his head back, his mouth opening on its own accord. Kylo gripped one of Hux’s thighs, pressing onto some of the bruises from the night. Hux moaned again, caught up in a vicious circle of pain turned into pleasure. Kylo fucked Hux relentlessly, without stopping to catch a breath. From time to time he brushed his fingers over Hux’s cock, smeared some of his pre-come on Hux’s shirt and muttered something filthy to accompany it. Hux hated getting filthy, especially getting his clothes dirty when they were too impatient to have sex, and Kylo was determined to make a statement of it every time. “You’re really hard, doll. Do you want to come for me?” Hux didn’t dignify that with an answer; his back arched and he gasped and swore under his breath, coming over his shirt, Kylo’s hand and the mattress. Kylo followed right after him, his sarcastic remark turned into a moan. He slipped out of Hux and collapsed onto his back, panting. Hux was shaking and flushed, his eyes big and bright. He curled up into Kylo’s extended arms and Kylo pressed a kiss to his sweaty temple and ran a hand up and down his side. “You okay?” “Magnificent,” Hux nodded and snuggled even closer to Kylo. “Look at you. One threat of not getting enough of me and you throw all your rules away,” Kylo chuckled. “Guilty as charged,” Hux sighed, “I should lock you up for that.” “You wouldn’t do that.” “I wouldn’t do that,” Hux agreed. “Good. Now let’s get your filthy ass in the shower.” “Always so romantic.” “You’re the one who wanted me to fuck you like that.” “Just shut up already.” “Make me.” Kylo remained unyielding about his promise to only give Hux one part of himself; Hux didn’t even manage to suck his cock which was something Kylo usually couldn’t deny himself. Hux was frustrated, horny and confused. “No, doll, don’t try,” Kylo smiled and rubbed Hux’s back to make things worse, “you know my determination won’t waver this easily.” Hux whimpered and wished he didn’t know. He would have to come up with some clever ways to woo Kylo. Now, as he thought of it, maybe it was a good thing. He’d grown too used to getting what he wanted all the time he almost stopped appreciating it. He’d have to work for Kylo’s affection now. “Fine,” he said and almost managed to sound composed. “Good boy,” Kylo murmured and kissed his cheek. When they finally got dressed and left the hotel, the sun was high in the sky and they were starving. It was hot already and Hux frowned in disgust as he imagined how sweaty he’ll be before the day is over. The sunscreen Kylo had rubbed into his pale bruised skin would make it exceptionally appalling. “Relax,” Kylo whispered in his ear and wrapped an arm around Hux’s waist, “you look like I kidnapped you.” “Are you afraid they’ll arrest you?” Hux smirked. “As interesting as that would be, I think I’d prefer to avoid such an experience.” “Alright,” Hux nodded and tried to change the expression on his face, “wouldn’t want someone else to handcuff you after all.” They had breakfast in a little restaurant close to the Royal Palace and Hux’s mood improved significantly after the meal. Kylo found it amusing but didn’t point it out, glad to see Hux eating. He kept slicing up fruits and feeding Hux with them, laughing when Hux glared at him. “I’m not a baby, I can eat on my own,” he protested as Kylo snatched another pinkish fruit off his plate and began picking at it with his spoon. “You sure enjoyed me feeding you yesterday.” “I was hungry and tired and you were conveniently at hand,” Hux pointed out, “now I’d prefer not to look like a toddler in public.” “Everyone’s probably just thinking it looks very cute. I’m sure everyone would murder to get someone as handsome as me to feed them.” “Of course,” Hux nodded with a lenient smile. He peaked at Kylo through his thick eyelashes and that look said something else entirely. “So what do we do now?” Hux asked a little bit later. “I don’t know, what would you like to do?” “You can’t be serious,” Hux faked a gasp, “you dragged me out of bed only to tell me you have no idea what to do?” “Yes,” Kylo smirked, “now be a good boy and tell me what you want to do.” “You wicked creature,” Hux mumbled, “you said there was a park with animals, we could visit it.” “See? It didn’t hurt at all. Zoo it is.” … It wasn’t a big park, but it was nicely decorated and had lovely panels providing the visitors with various facts on the animals. Kylo hadn’t been to a zoo since he was a child and it had a different feeling now. He had always enjoyed the trips to the zoo, they meant his parents would have to get along and pay attention to him, if just for a few hours. Kylo thought the memories would hurt – and they did, a little – but they were good memories of good times. He took Hux’s hand to steady himself, to remind himself that he was happier now. Kylo hadn’t anticipated one thing when he asked Hux to visit the zoo with him, and that was Hux’s apparent love for animals. He expected Hux to feign interest to make Kylo happy, or to be mildly curious about the animal trivia, maybe to find some predators fascinating. He wasn’t prepared to need to drag Hux away from the fish tanks to allow little children to watch the sharks too, or to see Hux spend money on fodder for the strangely adorable animals in the petting zoo. It was a curious sight, and very sweet. Kylo liked the rare glimpses of the Emperor letting go of all pretence and showing his softer side that hadn’t quite died under the military training. “I didn’t know you liked animals so much,” he pointed out when Hux finally parted from the tall brown animal he had been feeding and scratching behind the ears for long minutes. Children had come and gone but Hux was still there, whispering something to the animal. “I suppose it never occurred to me to tell you,” Hux shrugged, “I just thought it was normal.” “We’ve been here for three hours already and we haven’t even seen the whole park yet,” Kylo pointed out with a smile, “you should have told me. We could have got a pet.” “I don’t know,” Hux said evasively, “could we take care of it? We’re working all the time.” “You work in your study most of the time, it’s not like you have to leave home to go to work.” “Yes but…” Hux protested feebly. “If you don’t want a pet, you can tell me,” Kylo pointed out, “I won’t bite you for it.” “It’s not that,” Hux shook his head, “I had a cat when I was a child. She was the only good thing about my home back then, and quite often she was the only reason why I pushed myself farther to do better at school. My father constantly threatened to give her away if I didn’t do more than my best, so I kept going to feed her. I was seventeen when she died and it was the worst I’ve ever felt. She had been around all my life and suddenly she was gone. I don’t want to get another pet because it would feel like I was not honouring her.” “You’ve never told me about her,” Kylo said and he tried not to sound accusatory. “I guess she was from a different lifetime, just like I’m not the boy who owned her.” “Alright.” “Are you mad at me?” “No,” Kylo sighed, “I just wonder if you’ll ever stop hiding things from me.” “As if you’re telling me everything.” “Touché.” “I just think if I got another cat now, I’d always compare it to Millie, no matter what. And that would be unfair.” “It doesn’t have to be a cat.” “No, it does,” Hux said solemnly, “cats are the best.” “Okay,” Kylo chuckled, “I’d still be happier if you had someone to keep you company when I’m away.” “I’d be happier if you stayed with me.” “You’re the one who keeps sending me away. Besides, I love it when you miss me.” “I’ll consider it,” Hux promised. Kylo kissed his cheek in return. It was late in the afternoon when Hux finally agreed to leave the zoo. They’d spent maybe twenty minutes watching various breeds of felines sleep in tree tops or show off proudly by the glass. Kylo couldn’t have been more grateful for this visit – the few hours gave him insight into Hux he would hardly obtain otherwise. “Thank you for this,” Hux mumbled. “Of course. What wouldn’t I do for you?” Kylo smirked. “Very little it seems.” “Right, don’t forget that. You’d never find anyone else willing to do so much for you.” “As if you’d find anyone to put up with you,” Hux teased. “I never said that.” “Good, keep that in mind.” “So, are you hungry?” Kylo asked. “A little, which probably means you’re starving. Let’s get something to eat then.” “Was it that obvious?” “I just know you very well.” Hux wasn’t exaggerating when he said Kylo must have been starving. He watched in amusement as Kylo wolfed down a meal originally intended for two. “You know, if I didn’t like you so much, I’d have to seriously consider keeping you around,” he pointed out when they paid, “the cost of you is horrendous.” “That’s why I made sure you were madly in love with me before showing my true colours.” “Right.” “So, do we take a walk or do we go back to the hotel now?” Kylo suggested, linking his fingers with Hux’s. “How about we go back now and then take a walk in the evening? I’m quite tired now.” … “You know, I think I’d like to get a cat after all,” Hux mused. “Great. So I made some research into it, do we want a purebred one or not? Maybe we could adopt a stray. Or a whole pack of them, we can afford it, right? Is that what you call a group of cats? We’ll have to figure out where to put them.” “You seem excited,” Hux smiled. Kylo was gesturing wildly by his side. “Well, I just think it would be great to have a pet but I always thought you wouldn’t want them, or maybe that you’re allergic to animal fur, so I didn’t bring it up.” “It seems there’s still a lot we have to learn about each other,” Hux pointed out. For a while he feared Kylo would misunderstand his words, and tried to come up with something to add but Kylo smiled back. “So begin with telling me what kind of cat you have in mind.” “I don’t know,” Hux shrugged, “I don’t care. I’d need to see it first to tell.” “What was Millie like?” “Orange,” Hux admitted, “that’s all I can tell you. I don’t know whether she was purebred, but she was orange and enormous. She had longer hairs on the tips of her ears. Did I say something funny?” “It’s the image of little orange you carrying around a huge orange cat. Hilarious.” “I didn’t carry her, she was too proud for that,” Hux objected. “Fine. But do you want a purebred cat or not?” “I like the idea of adopting a stray.” “Me too,” Kylo agreed, “it would fit us.” Hux didn’t respond to that, but he had to agree. They had been strays, abandoned – or rather pushed away – by their families and left to fend for themselves, until they found each other. “How do you actually adopt a stray cat?” he asked after a while. “I guess you visit a shelter and pick whichever you like the best,” Kylo shrugged, “I don’t know. Do we get a male or a female one?” “I thought we’d decide when we see them.” “No, we have to decide prior to that. They have different traits and need to be taken care of differently.” “Fine, what do you think?” Hux asked with a little smile. Kylo liked to pretend Hux was the bossy perfectionist out of the two of them, but it wasn’t necessarily true, not always. Kylo was obsessed with planning ahead and sticking to the plan, perhaps more than Hux himself. He couldn’t quite bear not being able to fulfil his resolutions which later on turned into his famous fits of rage. It was easier mistaking it for lack of discipline than the opposite, but Hux learnt better over the years spent with Kylo. “I think we should get a female. They’re not as wild and don’t wander so much, and if you get them sterilised they don’t get as fat and passive.” “And you’d like to have a little girl too.” “Yes.” “Alright.” “You need to stop just agreeing with me,” Kylo frowned, “it makes me uncomfortable.” “Maybe we’re finally syncing.” “Then stop it. I want my Hux back.” “ Your Hux?” “Oh yes, you know, the Hux who fights me on everything just for the sake of getting me angry and then making up.” “I suppose he’d fit well with my Kylo, who enjoys make-up sex more than regular sex.” “It sounds reasonable. Should we get them together?” Hux recalled the ring he’d found the evening before, his heart racing in his chest. Was this Kylo’s way of proposing? He knew his hands were trembling, so he tried to hide them without Kylo seeing it. “We should,” he said slowly. Kylo didn’t respond to it, and Hux looked down onto the path beneath his feet in anticipation. Was Kylo mustering up courage? Should he do something? He felt like a teenager again. It felt strangely good to let his feelings swallow him, to feel his chest clench and to breathe shallowly to appear not to breathe at all. He caught a glimpse of Kylo in the corner of his eye and smiled fondly. They walked side by side in the setting sun, a light breeze in their hair. Hux had not put his product in his hair and it flew all around his head like a halo. Kylo’s hair was perfect of course, as it always was. They wandered into unknown parts of the city and Hux hoped Kylo would find their way back to the hotel. Or maybe not – was this some sort of adventure to see if they could work together under pressure? It seemed almost unnecessary. Kylo suggested getting a drink in a small bar they encountered and Hux agreed. One turned into two, then three and soon enough they were giggling and drawling their words just a bit. Hux felt his cheeks get hot but he was too drunk to care about how red his face must be. Kylo was flushed too, but prettily so, which was unfair. “I can’t wait to get to Lake Country,” Kylo said suddenly. “What’s so important in there?” “It’s the place where my grandparents spent some time when grandma was in danger. They fell in love there, and then got married there. It’s supposed to be very beautiful.” “Oh,” Hux recalled the ring and Kylo’s tendencies for drama and grinned, everything clicking into place suddenly, “then I’m looking forward to it too.” Notes: The "plumbing company" joke refers to a British plumbing company. I'm sorry. There are so many self-indulgent cliché tropes in this I can't believe I wrote it with my own hands. Hux wears contacts because otherwise he's super blind, for some reason. But he prefers glasses after he's just woken up. Imagine Millie as a space version of the Maine Coon cat. And as always, trust me when I tell you your comments keep me going. Not wanna blackmail you but they're pretty much what makes me write one story over another. So leave me one if you want the rest of this thing. (JK, I'll write it, but I might take less than six months if you ask nicely.) Thank you for reading. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 9 of the Love on the workplace series