“Just breathe, little one,” the blue man tells him, and FN-2187 wants to laugh. He’s alone. He’s separated from his squad, who are getting into force knows what kind of trouble. He hasn’t slept since their shuttle touched down on Jike three days ago. His friends are being shot at with live weapons, with blasters almost turned up to full intensity… were shot at. FN-2187 doesn’t remember when the tell-tale sound of blasterfire stopped. He only remembers a firefight, so angry and fierce that the only reason Slip isn’t studded with blaster bolts right now is that, somehow, FN-2187 had seen the impact before it landed—had seen him fall, and for a split-second the image had been overlaid with Slip’s bloody hand, reaching up towards FN-2187’s visor. He dimly remembers tackling Slip to the ground. He remembers overshooting, and tumbling all the way down this dune, and the deafening rush of blood in his ears. And he definitely remembers those bastards just leaving him . (It had seemed like such a straight-forward exercise at first. A sort of honor, even, when after blaster practice a week ago, Captain Phasma had held ten four-person squads back. “The Order has recently acquired territory in the unknown regions. We are ascertaining whether certain planets would provide a useful training ground, to supplement on-base and simulation training. We are relying on you,” she’d said, her durachrome helmet gleaming meaningfully in FN-2187’s direction, “to provide the necessary data on performance in extreme conditions. You will divide into two teams.” Really, that’s when FN-2187’s internal alarm bells should have started ringing.) They’re supposed to capture some flag from the other team and protect their own, and it’s—probably—not going well. Because no-one is— was —listening to FN-2187. Dealing with Zeroes on a good day is hard enough as it is, but Bolt, who is also officer-track like FN-2187, has a real chip on his shoulder. Which would be… okay, if Bolt was safely far away on the other side of the drill room, like he usually is. But he isn’t. He’s here. They were supposed to be working together . More importantly, FN-2187 thinks, they’re supposed to survive . Which they might, if they snuck around in small groups and set their blasters to stun—it’s not like the other team want to be shot half-dead, maybe they could work something out. Bolt had wanted a full frontal assault. And he’s certainly getting his wish now, considering they left the only person willing to argue with him behind. Just left him somewhere in the desert, after he fell 80 meters. FN-2187 shakes his head. Leaving him behind is just dumb. Haven’t the others ever heard of strength in numbers? (If something happens to his friends now, FN-2187 realizes with a jolt, he won’t even hear them scream.) “Just breathe, young one,” the blue man repeats, his damaged quiet voice washing softly over FN-2187. “You need to get up. You can’t stay here.” “As…” FN-2187 coughs, still winded and lightheaded from hyperventilation. “As if I didn’t—” “Save your words. I would not have you waste the air you need for recovery,” the blue man admonishes, wagging his finger as disapprovingly as any mother FN-2187 has ever dreamed up. “If you are ever faced with this kind of situation again, you should take my advice regarding the wrapping of vulnerable joints.” He grimaces. “Although—there is the matter of imperial aesthetics to think of. The architects of our armor do not take kindly to having their designs marred for mere practicality. Another reason why I preferred to avoid these kinds of locations when I was… armored—if at all possible. It was not often my choice. “Remember that it is a… seductive feeling, the armor surrounding you and insulating you from that which lies beyond. But it is not real . Even when it feels like we are cut off completely, the small things shall still slip through. And sand is—” “Kriffing annoying,” FN-2187 says. The blue man grins. “Well said, child.” Now that it’s been pointed out, FN-2187 can hear the scraping particles as he moves. It’s mostly the legs currently, but he’s giving it another day at most until the sand gets into the stormtrooper suit’s air ventilation system, no matter how careful he is, and that’ll be game over. Unless the other team manage to win the training exercise by then, in which case FN-2187 will have bigger problems than being blasted with sand by his own air tube. Gingerly, he gets up and stretches his arms. He’s lucky. It’s just bruising, probably, and everything’s still in working order. The blue man reaches out, as if to pat him down, and then he thinks better of it and stalks off, carefully enough not to raise up dust even if it could still touch his translucent body. He says, “Now, you need to—” “Get going,” FN-2187 agrees. “They probably need my help.” Plus, his performance is surely being monitored, and lying in a ditch for the whole exercise will be a mark against his record. He bends down to pick his blaster off the ground and holsters it, before slowly climbing up the sand-dune. On the crest, there are the messy tracks his squad left behind, and he follows them with his eyes. Finding them will be the easy part: in the distance, he can see crisscrossing flashes of red light. They didn’t get very far, apparently. Saving them , however? He’s just one person with one blaster… a brain and a mouth as well, but they’ve already shown they don’t care for that. “Trust in the force,” the blue man says helpfully. “You have everything you need.” (The blue man, two years ago, watching FN-2187 float around some cleaning droids and whispering, “At first, it was because I could hardly bend. Moving too fast crushed metal organs against other organs and it hurt. If I incapacitated myself too much, my master would get impatient, and so I took to using the force, and I remembered what my Master was fond of saying. That everything is a weapon .” The blue man’s eyes had skittered over FN-2187 then, the way they always do when he talks of his past. FN-2187 had put his hand on the man’s rigid shoulder, to remind him what he is now. It had paid off: The blue man had continued, and his voice had been much firmer. “Everything is a weapon. Which is very true, if you just throw it hard enough. My son didn’t know what hit him.”) FN-2187 takes out his blaster again. For a second, he looks at the grains of sand raining out of the barrel of their own accord, and then he starts helping. Sand doesn’t quite feel like the droids in his mind, he notices: with mechanic beings, there are the traces of personality to hold on to, the histories. The sand grains are more singular, raw… and ancient. He looks at the blaster, and at the tiny cloud of sand floating above it, and then he takes aim. The blaster hits the sand below with a tiny, satisfying thwack . He doesn't need it anymore. Use the force, he thinks. The blaster's been with him for years now, through four suits of stormtrooper armor. He knows every dent, every scratch—but if there ever was a good moment to lose the thing, it’s now, considering he doesn’t really want his arm blown off if the mechanism gets jammed on the off-chance he missed a speck of the dust that’s coating every surface here. It was a good blaster. But he already has everything he needs to stop the fight. Behind FN-2187, the sandstorm gathers. . Apparently, Captain Phasma gives special commendations to troopers who save others from ‘natural’ disasters. FN-2187 looks Bolt straight in the eye while she talks. (He figures he deserves a little gloating.) Notes: This did not want to get written. Also, I put a scene on my tumblr that's too short and too far off in the future to post in the series right now, so if you're interested: Finn and Kylo talk Vader, names and power Thank you for reading! Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 9 of the The blue man series