Rey knew what food—real food—looked like. She saw it bought, sold, and traded. Five tons of Bantha chops for 20 tons of wheat. A mysteriously procured container of Polmanarian reedug seeds in exchange for passage off Jakku on the next ship available, no questions asked. Cold fruit and drink, sold to traders from ramshackle stalls. When Rey was young, she’d even tasted it. A Twi’lek had given her an apple. Sometimes when a deal had been particularly profitable, traders could be generous like that. She’d dodged the kicks of less fortunate traders and the glares of her fellow scavengers to take it, but she was small and fast, and the Twi’lek pinched her cheek and the fruit was hers. She savoured the apple, shaving off a tiny slice each day to eat. It had been shriveled to begin with, and by the time it was finished, the dry desert air had long since reduced it to a desiccated husk. Each night, dusty and sore, she took her daily slice and soaked it in water to rehydrate it. Just like she did with all of her food. * * * Rey tucked some blumfruit carefully into her pocket. The rest of the table ignored her—people mostly did, these days. Only a few people still gave her side-eye glances when she licked her plate clean and slipped food into her pockets and folds of her clothes for later. Stealing leftovers off people’s plates, on the other hand, still got her scornful looks. But if they didn’t want their food, she certainly wasn’t going to let it go to waste. Poe had tried to explain to her, as patient and gentle as she’d ever seen him, that everyone in the Resistance got full portions. No matter what. It was a pretty idea, and he probably even believed it, but Poe had never been hungry. The Resistance had run short on actuators for the X-wings and flight suits for the new recruits and bacta for the medics, just since she’d been there. Her training with Skywalker burned through her reserves and left her ravenous at every meal. She couldn’t afford not to stash food for later. Picking up a biscuit—a new food, one she hadn’t seen in the resistance canteen before—she took a cautious nibble and wrinkled her nose, realising her mistake. Tucking the biscuit in beside the blumfruit for later, she checked the water level in her belt-canteen. Satisfied that it was already full, she picked up her water-glass and upended it over the remaining two biscuits on her plate. Conversation at the table petered into awkward silence. Finn hesitated for a moment, then shrugged, and reached for his water-glass. Poe hastily laid a hand on Finn’s arm to forestall him. “Some people like them mushier than others,” he said. He picked up a biscuit from his tray, and dipped it in his stimcaf for a moment, by way of demonstration. “Maybe try it plain before you commit?” Rey waited impatiently as her biscuits swelled and expanded very, very slowly. She poked at them, and found to her displeasure that the texture had become extremely unappealing, too soft to hold. She tried picking up one of the biscuits by its corner, and watched it crumble away. She popped the biscuit fragment into her mouth, dripping water on its way, then stared at her plate in dismay. It was defective. She’d gotten defective bread from the commissary. Was it contaminated? Would they give her another helping if she showed them what had happened? “Here,” said Poe, sliding his own plate over to her. “That’s just how I used to like them as a kid—I’ll trade you.” “It’s defective,” Rey said, after a moment’s bitter struggle with her conscience. With almost anyone else, she would have made the swap without saying a word. “I’m not sure it’s safe to eat.” She sighed, already resigning herself to either dipping into her too-small stash or going hungry. “That’s just what biscuits do,” said Poe, snagging her plate and pulling it back across the table towards him. “These are one of those foods you don’t have to hydrate unless you really want to.” Beside him, Finn carefully dipped one of his own biscuits into Poe’s stimcaf. He tasted the result cautiously, and his eyes lit up. “But they were terrible,” Rey protested, pulling Poe’s discarded plate quickly to her chest before anyone else tried to snag it. Her stomach churned, and not entirely at the thought of eating awful biscuits. She’d made a mistake again, and people were staring. “Yeah, they’re pretty dry,” Poe agreed. “Sometimes there’s jam, and that helps, but mostly I dip them in my drink. It’s over-hydrating that gives you the mush.” He scooped up a spoonful of said biscuit mush and popped it into his mouth. His jaw worked for a moment, then he managed to swallow. “Mmm, tastes just like being a kid again!” he said, in what was probably supposed to be a tone of genuine enjoyment. “You’re a terrible liar,” Finn mumbled through a mouthful of biscuit. “You’re a terrible liar,” agreed Rey, making no move to return Poe’s plate of biscuits. “I’m a terrible liar,” Poe agreed with a sigh, and forced another spoonful of mush into her mouth. “If Ma were here she’d say this was her due revenge for me ruining her good cooking all these years.” Rey picked up a biscuit and dipped it, cautious now, into her wake-tea. * * * “Okay,” said Poe at last, staring down at the soggy remains of the birthday cake, “I think maybe it’s time we get a little more systematic about this.” * * * “...and what is this?” asked Poe, flicking to the next image on his datapad. Finn rolled a spare bit of pipe across the floor. Buzzing excitedly, BB-8 skittered across the ground after it. Rey examined the image from her upside-down perspective for a moment, shifting her weight cautiously on her palms before hesitantly replying, “Noryath meatbread?” Poe nodded. Finn sat upright in his chair. “And,” Poe prompted, “does meatbread need—” “Wait, that’s meatbread?” Finn interrupted. BB-8 returned triumphantly, rolling the pipe along in front of him, giving it a little push to nudge it up against Finn’s foot. Finn ignored him. Poe paused. These study sessions were proving as educational to Finn as to Rey. Before Poe could continue, Rey turned her head, her topmost bun brushing lightly against the floor, and asked, “What did you think meatbreads looked like, then?” “I dunno,” replied Finn. “Whenever the mess hall served them, they were brown cubes of nutrigel in sauce.” Poe winced. Rey had learned, over the course of this session, that while the First Order kitchen staff undoubtedly provided their patrons with everything a growing Stormtrooper needed, it was Poe’s strong belief that their kitchens had been intolerably short of both “real” ingredients and any concern for what tasted good. BB-8 bumped up against Finn’s leg, beeping insistently. “You know, you’re a very advanced war machine,” he told the little droid. BB-8 bleeped something rude back at him. “Yes,” replied Finn, who still didn’t speak a work of Binary. “Exactly.” He rolled the bit of pipe across the floor again, putting a little extra force into the throw. BB-8 whizzed across the hangar floor, dodging half-assembled aircraft and the feet and limb-pods of startled mechanics. “Well, this is real meatbread,” said Poe, bringing the conversation back to food. “Meatbread does not require hydration.” Seemingly unwilling to risk dwelling on the First Order’s culinary abominations, Poe quickly flicked to the next image. “How about this one?” “Waffleated fral!” Rey quickly replied. Her handstand wavered for a moment with the force of her enthusiastic reply—the memory of Zhellday breakfast was still fresh in all their minds. “And does waffleated fral need hydration?” asked Poe. “Yes,” said Rey, pointedly. She lifted one hand carefully off the ground, then slammed it back down, wobbling ominously. Poe shook his head. “No, Rey. It doesn’t need hydration. That’s why we switched plates. Again.” “You hydrated yours first,” she said, in the sing-song tone of someone who intends to keep repeating their argument until the other person sees the error of their ways. Poe flicked through the datapad images, returning to an earlier picture. “Ok, one more time: this one is...?” “Dantooine cane syrup,” said Finn, sounding proud to know the correct answer. “And syrup...?” “Is what Poe uses to hydrate his waffleated fral,” said Rey. She lifted the hand again, exhaling carefully; she wobbled, but didn’t fall. Poe buried in face in his arms and groaned, an exaggerated gesture of despair. “You’re killing me here, Rey.” Finn patted him on the back. “It did look like you were hydrating it,” he said, cheerfully unsympathetic. He plucked the datapad from Poe’s unresisting fingers and began flipping through it himself. “Hey, what’s this one?” Rey tried to turn to look closer, and her hand-stand collapsed. Tucking her head, she managed to turn it her fall into a very nearly intentional-looking tumbling roll. She popped up, breathless and cheerful, with her head at the level of Finn’s knee. “Oh, stryo-taffy! Jessika gave me some a few weeks ago. It can be hydrated.” Poe peered out from behind the barrier of his arms accusingly. “It dissolves. It dissolves if you hydrate it.” “...can be hydrated if you want sweet-water. Which I did. It was delicious,” she insisted, just a little sheepishly. She curled one arm up and over her head, tugging on the elbow with her opposite hand, trying to loosen up strained muscles. “Huh,” said Finn, turning the datapad over to examine the image from a different angle. “That doesn’t look like the styro-taffy I remember.” BB-8, returning with his pipe, trilled indignantly. “Sorry,” said Rey, automatically shifting to clear the ground at Finn’s feet. “What,” Poe asked to the universe at large, not lifting his head, “did they serve as styro-taffy in that sarlacc pit the First Order called a mess hall?” “Uh. Concentrated red nutrigel cubes, I think? With sweetener? It was good and chewy, though,” he said, smiling at apparent fond memories as he took the pipe segment from BB-8 and tossed it again. “We had a mostly liquid diet, to reduce food storage requirements and increase meal efficiency. And regular nutrigel just kind of... you know, squishes? It’s nice to really sink your teeth into something.” Poe made a muffled noise of inarticulate outrage, and tried to burrow his head further into his arms. Rey laughed. She switched arms, grabbing at her left elbow, and made a slightly disgruntled face at the ache. Finn flicked forward another picture. “Oh—some kind of soup?” He tilted the screen towards Poe. Poe peered at the screen between his arms. “Nyork chowder,” he said. “Safe to hydrate if you like it runnier, but it’s fine as it is.” “What’s soup?” asked Rey, abandoning her stretches in favour of tugging the datapad back in her direction. “Um, it’s like... flavoured liquid that you add bits of solid stuff to,” said Finn. “Usually nutrigel.” “For the love of—that’s it,” Poe said, “we’re done here, I’m teaching both of you weirdos how to cook.” * * * “Soup is amazing,” breathed Rey, staring at the simmering pot with an expression of enthralled fascination. Poe preened just a little, his shoulders squaring. “Sopa de frijol with minced nerf was one of my mother’s specialties, you know.” “I mean, adding the solids to the liquid instead of the other way around—incredible! Who thought of this?” she demanded, reaching out to poke her finger at the simmering broth. “Dunno,” said Finn, grabbing her wrist before she touched the boiling liquid. “Lots of people in lots of places, I guess?” “No one who lived in a desert,” said Rey, yanking her hand back. Because she liked Finn, she settled for just glaring at him. “Look at all this water just evaporating away.” Leaning over the pot, Poe inhaled the steam deeply, then coughed just a little. Rey suppressed a cough of her own, the pungent vapour making her eyes water. “Hey, smells like it’s done!” Finn obligingly handed him the bowls, and Poe ladled up generous servings. Charred chunks of nerf bobbed in the bright red oil slick that coated the surface. “For you... for you... and for me,” Poe said, handing out the bowls. Lifting a spoonful to his lips, he popped it in his mouth and closed his eyes. “Mmm. The crunch of the beans... the way it contrasts with the grit from the peppers... just like Ma used to make! More or less.” Rey sniffed her soup eagerly, sweat already beading on her brows, then lifted her bowl to her mouth and took an excited gulp. Her eyes widened, and she clapped a hand over her mouth to keep from spitting it out again. A moment later, she exclaimed, “It’s hot! It’s—hotter than just hot, what’s the word for that?” “Spicy,” said Poe. “It’s spicy.” Finn followed Poe’s example in using a spoon to taste his soup. “It’s got a lot of flavour,” he said, eyes watering. “Is that good or bad?” asked Poe. “I think I like it?” Finn tried another spoonful. “Flavour takes getting used to.” “Yeah, nutrigel is pretty bland,” Poe agreed, popping another spoonful in his mouth and humming with pleasure. “Mmm-mm, makes your scalp tingle!” Rey has already guzzled down most of her bowl. “Why doesn’t the canteen serve more spicy?” she demanded between gulps, sweat dripping down her cheeks. “This planet is so cold—we should be eating spicy at every meal!” “Some people,” said Poe, sagely, “just don’t appreciate good Yavin-style home-cooking.” * * * The was a light rap on the refresher door. “Hey,” came Jessika’s voice, “you okay? You’ve been in there a while.” “I’m... fine,” said Rey, after a long moment’s silence. “You want me to call a medic or something? “No,” said Rey, hurriedly, “No, I can still work, I just need a minute!” “We feed you even if you can’t work,” Jessika reminded her. They’d been through this discussion a few times already. “Hey, maybe it was something you ate?” Rey frowned at the refresher floor, thinking. “It was biscuits for breakfast again, then lunch was Yavinese soup that Poe—” “All the stars and moons defend us,” said Jessika, sounding genuinely worried even through the muffling of the refresher door. “Did you eat something Poe Dameron cooked? Rey. Sweetie. Listen to my very important advice, learned from hard experience: never, ever eat anything that boy cooks. ” “But—” “ Never. ” * * * “And everybody uses these food maps?” asked Rey. “Recipes, yes,” replied Jessika, and then, raising her voice pointedly,“At least, people with sense do.” Poe glared over his plate of scrambled ganza eggs at Jessika. Finn was gazing at the datapad reverently. Rey peered over his shoulder at the step-by-step instructions, which looked promisingly simple. “Did you ever use these on Starkiller Base?” she asked Finn, as Poe and Jessika devolved into bickering. “All I ever saw on KP duty were instructions for mixing appropriate ratios of nutrigel powder, flavouring syrup, and gelling agent,” said Finn, sounding like his mouth was set to autopilot while his mind was a million miles away. She watched him flip through to new recipes, then to pages with more detailed instructions, following references to related dishes and required techniques. “Finn?” she said, after a moment. “What are you looking for?” “There’s so many ingredients,” he said in that same distance, almost automated voice. “It’s so much more that just Nutrigel Powder 6 and Flavour Syrup AB7...” Unsure what to do, Rey settled for patting Finn carefully on the shoulder, a gesture that she had learned from watching Poe. Across the table, an argument raged between Poe and Jessika on the merits of following one’s intuition and artistic vision, versus not poisoning everyone foolish or ignorant enough to dare eat Poe Dameron’s cooking. Rey sighed, and helped herself to the food on their plates while they were distracted. Finn’s search seemed to be slowing, now. Suddenly, Finn stood, interrupting the ongoing dispute over war heroine Shara Bey’s besmirched honour. Gripping the datapad so that the others could see the picture of Dantooine flapjacks, knuckles white, he announced: “This. I will make this .” * * * Rey watched as Finn tried to scoop egg shell out of the bowl, the tiny blue-green shell fragments trapped in the thick slickness of the egg whites. The splattered remains of earlier, even less successful attempts at egg-cracking surrounded him. “Can I taste it?” she asked. “No,” said Poe. “Raw eggs make you sick. I know this, because I know things about what’s safe to eat and what isn’t, in spite of the slanderous gossip spread by certain people I won’t name.” “I need three full eggs, you can’t have any of these ones.” said Finn, chasing the slippery fragment around the bowl with his fingertips. “Taste the rejects.” “I take no responsibility for this,” said Poe, piously. “I warned you both.” Rey snorted, but made no move to stick her finger in the smears of yolk that decorated the countertop. Apparently satisfied with his eggs at last, Finn carefully measured and added the oil. With deliberate precision, he scooped out first salt then baking soda, levelling the measuring spoons with the back of a knife before moving them anywhere near his bowl, then mixed with a whisk, as the recipe directed. Then: “Oh, no,” he breathed, sounding panicky. Rey stood up, her staff in her hands, pulled in by the sound of genuine distress in his voice. “What is it? Finn, are you ok?” “We don’t have enough milk,” said Finn, staring at the measuring cup. “We’re short by... at least a teaspoon. Maybe a full tablespoon.” He ran a hand over his head, adding egg yolk to the flour already smeared in his hair. “I wasted all those supplies, and the flapjacks are ruined, and—” his voice rose in volume with every word. Poe was already rubbing comforting circles on Finn’s back. “Hey, it’s ok, we can fix it.” “What if we just add enough water to make up the difference?” suggested Rey, quickly reading through the recipe, a frown of concentration furrowing her brow. “You can’t hydrate flapjacks, Rey!” wailed Finn. “Milk and water have very different chemical properties!” “Uh,” came a voice from the doorway. “Everything alright in here?” The three of them turned eagerly towards the sounds of their saviour. “Jessika! We’re short on milk but only a little and Finn says we can’t hydrate the flapjacks but I think maybe—” “Pava! Pava, he’s sad and you poisoned him against my advice so it’s your job to fix this—” “I didn’t properly inventory my supplies before beginning and don’t know why I thought I could do this, everything is ruined—” “Woah,” she said, taking a step back. “Ok, one at a time.” She pointed at Finn. “You talk first. What happened?” Finn took a deep breath, and visibly pulled himself to attention. “I take full responsibility for the error. We’re short by almost a full tablespoon of milk, and now I can’t finish making the Dantooine flapjacks.” “Oh,” said Jessika. “Okay, why not just add enough water to make up the difference?” Rey swallowed back an unkind sound of triumph, and settled for sticking her tongue out at Finn’s back. “Because milk and water have very different chemical properties,” Finn repeated, bewildered. “That’s true,” said Jessika, crossing the room to pat him gently on the shoulder. “But I’ve made flapjacks before and in my experience, a tablespoon won’t make enough difference to notice.” “Are you sure?” he asked, in a small, hopeful voice. “I’m sure,” she said. “Hey, I even volunteer to taste-taste the first batch. You know, for quality control reasons.” Finn took a deep breath. “Okay. Okay.” He turned back to his bowl. “I can do this.” * * * One week later, Rey was staring at the equipment arrayed in front of Finn. She thought she recognised an immersion circulator from the labs, and... were those Poe’s calipers Finn was using? She reached out and picked up a complicated-looking device that she didn’t recognise. “Um...” “It’s a precision scale,” said Finn, distracted. “I borrowed it from the apothecary. Put it back.” On the cutting board in front of him was a pile of potatoes, sliced into thin sticks, which he was carefully evaluating one-by-one with the calipers and sorting into piles. “I’m telling you,” said Poe, irritably, as Rey carefully replaced the scale, “it doesn’t need to be perfect, just let me—” “Julienne cuts should be 3mm by 3mm,” interrupted Finn. “But—” “Failure to adhere to the recipe,” said Finn, with the air of someone playing their trump card, “can make people sick, Poe.” He eyed Poe pointedly. “You can’t listen to Pava! She’s just never liked Yavinese cooking! One time I served her my fool-proof recipe for—” “Maybe it’s one of those things you have to grow up with,” said Rey, sympathetically. “It tasted good to me, my guts just didn’t like it. Hey, Finn, can we add spicy to this one?” “No!” said Finn, sounding aghast. “The recipe doesn’t call for spicy.” “But we could still—” Finn put down the calipers, looking ever-so-slightly wild around the eyes. “I’m following the instructions, Rey. I’ll make a recipe with spicy next time.” He carefully scraped his pile of approved potatoes into a bowl. “A spicy recipe,” said Poe, trying to sprinkle some salt over the approved potato pile. Finn smacked Poe’s hand, giving him a wounded look, and Poe retreated, “Not a recipe with spicy. At least, that’s how you say it in Basic.” “A spicy recipe,” Rey repeated. She made a grabbing motion with her hands. “Give me the datapad, Poe. I’m looking up spicy recipes.” “You know,” said Poe, handing it over, “I bet you don’t even really need the eggs, maybe we can—” “These are Corellian potato sticks,” said Finn, beginning to add flour to the bowl on the scale in tiny, precise spoonfuls. “Corellian potato sticks have eggs. Rey, show him the recipe again.” Rey looked up from the datapad, wide-eyed. “I just found a list of Thirty Red-Hot Spicy Soups To Try At Home,” she said, reverently. “Finn. Finn, we could make soup for months .” * * * Finn pulled the tray out of the oven, and the warm baked-grains-and-butter smell of fresh biscuits wafted through the room. Rey heard him make a soft sound of disappointment, then, reluctance in every suddenly-taut muscle of his back, he transferred the biscuits to a plate. Head hung, he turned around to present them with a plate of dense, craggy-looking pucks that didn’t much resemble the crumbly, slightly greasy biscuits she’d grown accustomed to in the mess hall. Stomach growling, Rey grabbed a biscuit from the plate, juggled the hot puck in her fingertips for a moment, and sank her teeth into it. There was more resistance than she was expecting, and it seemed to suck every drop of moisture from her mouth. “Well, it’s ok,” she said, swallowing hard, then dipped the remainder of the biscuit into her cup of water. She swallowed again, trying to encourage the dry mass down her throat, and coughed slightly. The canteen biscuits could be dry, too, but this was much worse. Diplomatically, she added, “The ones the canteen makes are a little nicer.” “But I followed the recipe,” protested Finn. He stared down at the plate of biscuits, looking betrayed. “It might not have been a good recipe,” said Poe, nibbling cautiously at his own biscuit. “ Finn, I—hey, buddy? You okay?” Finn was staring at Poe, horrified. “The instructions were wrong?” “Yeah, I mean, anyone can write a recipe. Hah, even Pava could write a recipe if she... uh, are you sure you’re gonna be okay, buddy?” * * * “Finn, Finn, I found a recipe for—” “We ate soup the last three times, Rey. I’m cooking something I can chew.” * * * “But if you’d just hydrate it a little more—” “The recipe calls for three cups of water, Rey. Three! Only three!” “Hey, what if we tried—” “KEEP YOUR HANDS OFF MY MIXING BOWLS, DAMERON.” * * * “And what exactly,” asked General Organa, flatly, “happened here.” Rey, Finn, and Poe exchanged shifty glances. Finn was streaked with flour. Rey was splattered in batter from her collarbones to her elbows, and had scraps of some kind of ground meat in her hair. Poe was relatively clean, but his eyes were still red and watering from an underhanded dash of rodian pepper directly to the face. “Vercupti of sgazza boleruueé is a very complicated recipe, General,” said Poe at last. “There was. Uh. Some disagreement on the correct execution of our strategy. General.” “Poe Dameron,” the General said, after a horrified pause, “have you been cooking food for these poor people?” “Hey now, that’s—” “No, General,” interrupted Rey. “Not for a while now. Finn’s been cooking.” They stood in uncomfortable silence as the General stared at them. “Well, then,” she said eventually, not unkindly, “you’re a good man and a good soldier, Finn, but for the sake of this order on the base and the preservation of our food supplies, you are hereby forbidden to cook anything with either of these two in the room.” “Yes, General,” he said sadly. She patted him on the shoulder. “Buck up, Finn,” she said. “I’ll throw in a silver lining: you’re off KP duty for life.” Turning on her heel, she sailed out of the room. “Okay,” said Rey, into the silence left by the General’s departure, “my turn to cook.” * * * The first thing Rey cooks is topatoe soup. “Why topatoe?” Finn asked, as Rey did her best with a knife and some slender orange roots. “I wanted to make Gargon gumbo, but Jessika says spider-rat needs to be cooked very carefully, or it’ll be like eating Poe’s cooking all over again,” she said. “Hey,” Poe protested, but he sounded resigned. “Soup without meat seemed safer, and topatoe soup looked easy,” Rey concluded. “I thought you’d pick something spicy,” said Finn, a little suspiciously. “I did pick something spicy,” said Rey. “Jessika helped me find a spicy topatoe soup recipe.” Jessika had in actual fact provided her experienced opinion that black Alderaan pepper could be substituted with rodian pepper to create a spicy soup with the same recipe, but Rey wasn’t in the mood for debating either Jessika’s reliability as culinary consultant or the inherent dangers of deviating from the instructions. Finn picked up a piece of root vegetable from the chopping board, wincing slightly at the uneven dice. “Is this carrot?” “Space-carrot,” said Poe. “...what’s the difference?” “Space-carrots are grown in space,” said Poe, as Rey carefully tipped the diced space-carrot and topatoe into the pot. “Carrots are... not grown in space.” Rey snagged an ojomian onion to dice next and puzzled for a moment over the papery skin before settling on chopping it in two and picking the skin off one half at a time. Unfortunately, according to Jessika, onion skin could not be hydrated into anything worth eating. For her first soup, at least, she’d stick with Jessika’s advice. Finn stared at Poe, baffled. “But... but space stations are closed biospheres. In order to make growing space-carrots viable as a crop, you’d need to be constantly replacing the biomass that you’re sending down-well. Now you’re paying for the fuel to ship tons of mass up- and down-well and—how many credits do these things even cost?” Poe shrugged. “Maybe it was just a gimmick? But the Holovision commercials did have a pretty catchy jingle.” Rey rubbed her eyes with her sleeve. “Uh—Rey, are you... okay?” asked Finn, tentatively. Rey blinked back tears. “I think so,” she said, puzzled, “but my eyes are stinging...” “It’s just the onions,” said Poe. “You’ll be fine once they’re in the pot.” “The food is attacking me?” asked Rey, chopping faster. “No, it’s just... there’s something in onions that comes out when you cut it? But only when they’re raw,” said Poe. “Should I have cooked the onion before cutting it?” asked Rey, making a few last hasty cuts and dumping the raggedly diced onion into the pot as quickly as possible. “No,” said Finn, hurriedly. “Huh,” said Poe, thoughtful. “I mean, I’ve never tried it, but I don’t see why it wouldn’t work.” “ No ,” repeated Finn. “I’m cooking, so it’s my choice,” said Rey, firmly, pouring a canteen’s worth of water into the pot to hydrate it then turning up the heat on the nanowave cooktop. “No arguing, we don’t want the General involved again.” She clamped a lid over the pot to trap the onion fumes inside, and turned away, blinking rapidly. With the water in the pot and the pot over the nanowave, the recipe was more-or-less done. It didn’t have a lot of steps: chop up topatoes, ojomian onions, and space-carrots, put them in a pot, hydrate it, get it boiling and keep going until the topatoes and carrots are soft, add salt and pepper, and finish it off with a good glug of blue milk. Rey rubbed the last of the tears out of her eyes, relieved. “Okay, but, how do you know it’s a space-carrot?” asked Finn, finally. “What? Because it was grown in space,” said Poe. “Yeah, but, does it taste different? Does the chemical structure react differently to cooking, or—” “I think it’s just a name,” said Rey, staring at the pot and wondering how she was supposed to know if it was boiling without taking off the lid again. “Another name for the same thing, just grown somewhere else?” “It’s more marketable,” said Poe, then sang, “Space is fun and and so are these, better than corobb, better than peas...” “Why would that make people buy carrots?” asked Finn. “Space is everywhere. It’s—” he waved a hand “—just space. It’s what you get when you run out of planet.” “I don’t know,” said Rey. “If you’ve never been off-world, space can seem pretty exciting.” The jump of the pot lid took Rey by surprise. It bounced up slightly, clattered back down, then bounced again. Grabbing one of the insulated cooking mitts to protect her hand, she grabbed at the pot lid and found that her soup was boiling. After a moment’s dithering, she set the hot pot lid down on the other mitt and let the pot continue uncovered. “That came to a boil really fast,” said Finn, stepping closer to eye the pot suspiciously. “How high did you set it?” “As high as it goes,” said Rey. “I’m hungry.” “Did the recipe say—” Finn began, then, hastily, “—but you’re cooking, so, your choice.” “My choice,” Rey repeated, content. She liked the way the roiling water tossed the pot’s ingredients around—they would cook more evenly that way, she thought. The recipe had said to stir occasionally, but she wondered if that was one of those unnecessary extra instructions, like connecting the motivator drive to the ionization buffer when wiring the sublight engines. Which the X-wings didn’t actually need. No matter what Poe and Jessika said. Her cooking instincts were not yet as honed as her mechanics skills. But the little black flecks added flavour—Poe agreed—and even Finn seemed pleasantly surprised. And the only way to get the knack of what was important and what wasn’t, she decided, was to experiment * * * “When you said scrambled eggs,” said Finn, sadly, “I wasn’t expecting scrambled egg soup.” “I don’t know why not,” mumbled Poe, around a spoonful of egg curds and creamy broth. “It’s always soup.” “Right,” said Rey, quickly. “Scrambled egg soup, is the recipe that I made. Soup. You know me and my soup!” “It’s not actually bad,” said Finn, tasting his serving. “I just didn’t realise there was such a thing as a breakfast soup, you know? I was hoping for something I could chew.” “Next time,” Rey promised, making a mental note to herself to use less Bantha cream the next time she hydrated scrambled eggs. * * * Jessika towed Rey into the briefing room and closed the door firmly behind them. “Okay,” she said, gesturing firmly at one of the chairs for Rey to sit. “I’ve been asked to stage an intervention.” “A what?” asked Rey. She perched on the chair-back, which protested against this mistreatment, and settled in with one foot on the chair-arm, the other foot swinging idly in the air. “Your so-called friends, Poe Dameron and Finn, have asked me to be the one to tell you they can’t eat any more soup.” Jessika rolled her eyes heavenwards. “They like that you don’t feel like you need to hydrate it, but they miss solid food.” “Uh.” Rey picked at the armrest of her chair. “Why are you the one telling me this?” In fairness, she supposed, she had cooked them soup for the last... frowning, she tried to add up the numbers in her head. “Because apparently I’m the responsible adult of this little herd of loth-cats” said Jessika, derailing Rey’s tallying. “Which, let me tell you, if my mothers could see me now...” “Oh,” said Rey. “But...” “So basically,” Jessika interrupted, “first I’m going to teach you to make oatmeal, because I’m not above petty revenge, and then I’m going to show you how polystarch powder can, technically, make any recipe ‘solid food.’” “Is the second thing not also revenge?” asked Rey, curious. “I mean, I honestly think you’re going to love the myriad possible applications of polystarch, so it’s really about... no, it’s totally also revenge. But fun revenge! Revenge for both of us.” Rey tilted her head, considering, then said, “This does sound like fun.” Jessika grinned. “Excellent. Let’s go get started on making Poe Dameron seriously regret ever besmirching my reputation with the words ‘responsible adult.’” * * * With a triumphant grin on her face, Rey placed the tray of food on the table in front of her waiting friends. The impact with the table caused the meals, chunks of meat and fragments of noodle protruding from their vivid purple fluted surfaces, to tremble in a distressing manner. “It’s my own variant of an Exodeenian dish,” explained Rey as she moved the dishes off the tray. “My first attempt was a little watery, but I managed to find a way to thicken it nicely.” Poe stared at the meal in front of him, and hesitantly poked at it with his fork, the expression on his face suggesting that he half-expected the food to wrestle the fork away from him and launch an attack. Instead, his prod set the dish to wobbling in a way that even Rey found unnerving. It looked just a little bit like something alive. Poe Dameron, seasoned pilot and zero-G dog fighter, turned green. Finn was attacking his serving with practiced-looking expertise, possibly using skills honed on concentrated nutrigel. Using his knife to block its escape, he attempted to skewer it with his fork. The fork sunk into the dish for one triumphant second before the food recoiled violently, slithering up over the knife, off the plate, and halfway across the table, before coming to a shivering halt. Rey covered her mouth with one hand, and tried to turn her bark of laughter into a cough. Poe stared at writhing mass on his plate, then at the serving that had just leapt across the table towards him, and then back at his own plate. “Rey,” he said quietly, setting down his fork with an air of defeat, “please go back to making soup.” * * * Poe was on a training exercise, and Finn writing his first Binary for Beginners exam. Or, to put it another way, there were no naysayers around to criticise Rey’s creative vision. Poe had thought polystarch noodles were a bad idea. What did Poe know? Poe had also described her Molten Meatbread as “pushing the boundaries of good judgement and good taste,” which only proved that he lacked creative vision of his own. Finn, on the other hand, didn’t need to know that she’d taken the recipe for fresh Sizhranian leaf noodles that he’d found for her and substituted polystarch for the Kashyyyk wheat. What he didn’t know about recipe substitutions, he couldn’t work himself up into a froth over. The pot of water was at a rolling boil as Rey lowered the broad coils of green noodles into it. Nothing was going to go wrong. The pot she was using was sturdy, well-reinforced metal, and held enough water that the noodles were submerged several inches below the surface, which would be more than enough. When she noticed the water in the pot rapidly disappear, it occurred to her that she may have made a mistake. As the green tendrils began to snake out of the pot, rapidly spreading across the stovetop and surrounding area, she realized that the mistake was going to be a big one. With a survival instinct honed by a youth of scavenging on Jakku, Rey vaulted across food preparation stations just ahead of the swelling green mass. “Take cover!” she shouted to the startled staff, as she slid into the scant shelter beneath the pot wash station. For a long moment, nothing happened, and a feeling of foolishness crept over Rey. Then her culinary experiment decided that its previous plans of kitchen conquest were too sedate, and exploded. There was a moment of silence, broken only by faint crackling noises as the thin green coating over the kitchen swelled and hardened. Kitchen personnel who hadn’t fled quite fast enough before the green tide stood in frozen shock, their wide eyes blinking out from behind brittle green masks. “Um,” said Rey, weakly. Those lucky enough to have made it safely through the double doors began to cautiously venture back into the kitchen as Rey crawled out from under the washing station. Rising slowly, Rey sheepishly picked her way over the mess to stand by them, her feet crunching and glopping through the still-thickening layer of polystarch on the floor. * * * Drops of partially set polystarch fell from the chastised figures of Rey, Poe and Finn, sinking into the carpet of General Leia’s office, as though to avoid the General’s glare. “Poe, Finn”, she began, “thank you for assisting Rey in her efforts to restore the kitchen. This is exemplary of the type of camaraderie that we strive to foster here in the Resistance.” “However,” Leia continued, “in light of the costs to replace damaged or destroyed cookware, appliances, plumbing, and fuel lines; costs to provide food for the residents of this base while the kitchen clean-up and repairs take place; replacement uniforms for those directly affected by what is now apparently referred to as ‘the gloopening’; and in light of threats by the kitchen and cleaning staff to quit if they ever have to deal with the aftermath of your ‘experiments’ again, you are all hereby banned until further notice from engaging in food preparation anywhere on Resistance property.” Finn raised his hand to ask a question. “Yes, this includes your rooms,” Leia said, before Finn could speak. To Rey, who had just opened her mouth, Leia added, “And yes, this includes all forms of food preparation, especially hydration. And Poe? Despite the opinions held by many who have partaken of your cooking, what you get up to is still considered preparation of food for the purposes of this ban. You are now all dismissed.” Leia stood, glanced despairingly at the carpet beneath their feet, and gestured for them to leave her office. The trio resignedly shuffled away, leaving a trail of green sludge and future carpet cleaning bills in their wake. Halfway back to the barracks, Poe’s mood seemed to lighten. “It’s not so bad, really,” he said. “I’ve been saving my credits, and Temmie Ettellon just opened her bistro on base. We used to fly together back on Mirrin Prime, so I’m sure I could convince her to cook up something special for us.” * * * “This menu isn’t in Basic,” said Finn, sounding a little panicky. “It’s Yavinese,” said Rey, distracted. Her Yavinese wasn’t terrible, but neither was it good, and her vocabulary was maybe a little too focused on trading and spaceship mechanics. Not terribly helpful to her here. Reading was harder than hearing spoken words, too. When people spoke, there was something underneath the words that you could always understand, if you listened carefully. Written letters weren’t the same. “I’ve got you, buddy,” said Poe. “Okay, this dish is Rishi-corn tortillas. It’s like really flat bread. With bantha meat, refried beans—probably Salthia beans, we can ask Temmie if you’re worried. It comes with salsa verde, which is—” Rey tuned him out, narrowing her eyes at the menu. “I’ll have sopa de frijol,” she announced, pronouncing the words carefully. “You’ve had that already,” Poe pointed out. “I cooked it for you.” Rey shrugged. “You’re not allowed to cook anymore. I wanted to have it again. I liked how spicy it was.” It was also the only dish she recognised on the menu. Finn eventually settled on panqueques acompanados con miel, which Poe assured him would be like Dantoonie flapjacks with cane syrup, only better. Poe got the desayuno granjero, which he told them was beans, eggs, something called plantains, a dairy product called crema, the corn flatbeads he’d told Finn about, and a type of spicy meat sausage. Rey fidgeted with her paper napkin after the smiling Temmie came and went. She should have asked Poe more about restaurants in advance. She’d assumed it would be more like the canteen, where she could see the food before she ate it, and where there was only one or two choices. She wondered how long they were going to have to wait. Presumably Temmie was just doling out food from vats like the canteen had, but hidden somewhere in the back? If that was true, then what was taking so long? Temmie came back through the swinging door, and Rey perked up, then wilted again when she saw that all Temmie carries was a tray of drinks. “When do we get to eat?” she asked Poe in her quietest voice, behind Temmie’s once-more retreating back. Poe laughed. “Sorry—I should have warned you.” He raised his voice and called, “Hey Temmie, can we get something to nibble while we wait?” Rey slumped down in her chair, ears burning with embarrassment, but Temmie didn’t seem offended. She let loose a torrent of Yavinese in mock-scolding tones—how could Poe have let his friend go hungry? Poe raised his hands in exaggerated surrender, still laughing. Within minutes Rey was nibbling cautiously at slices of a sweet, slick orange fruit that Poe called papaya. She liked the way the shining black seeds contrasted against the orange flesh, and she slipped one in her mouth when Poe wasn’t looking. It popped with strong flavours, like mustard and pepper. Across the table she saw Finn imitate her, and make a face—maybe he’d been expecting something sweeter, more like the fruit itself. “Don’t eat those,” said Poe, sounding resigned. Rey grinned, and tossed another seed in her mouth. “They taste good with the fruit. You should try it.” “I’m pretty sure they’re bad for you,” he warned. Finn hastily began pushing the seeds to the edge of his plate, separate from the orange fruit. Rey wrinkled her nose at Poe, but let the seeds be. Their meals, when they came, were piping hot and smelled more intensely than the canteen food, in a way that immediately set Rey’s stomach to rumbling and her mouth to watering, as if she hadn’t already eating most of the large papaya. The scent of her meal resembled that of the soup that Poe had cooked, but when she inhaled deeply it didn’t make her cough. The first spoonful was a revelation. She could taste what Poe’s soup should have been—without quite as much spice, the flavours settled comfortably onto her tongue, warm and deep. Temmie’s beans were soft to the point of almost dissolving in the bowl, and they thickened the soup so that it lingered in her mouth. It was just a little too thick, maybe. A little hydration would make it absolutely, completely perfect. “Good?” asked Finn. He picked up a little pitcher of golden-coloured syrup, and began drizzling it over his own plate. “Temmie’s isn’t as good as Mama’s recipe,” said Poe, “but it’s the next best thing.” “Yes,” Rey lied, in the interest of tact, “it’s almost as good as your soup was. How’s your food?” “Here,” said Poe, offering her the plate. “Try it.” The plantains were warm and sweet and soft, almost gooey. The spicy meat—chorizo—was rich and savoury and felt good between her teeth, and Poe graciously didn’t fight her when she stole the last piece. The pale blue Bantha-milk crema was thick, tangy and a little salty, and Finn seemed to enjoy it more than either of them, dipping bits of torn-up tortilla into it until Temmie tactfully slipped him his own little dish of it, her eyes crinkled in a silent laugh. And oh, the tortillas! They were soft and warm and bready, but somehow different than all the bread she’d had before, which Poe said was because they were made of corn. But they also didn’t taste anything like the sweet boiled yellow kernels she’d eaten in the canteen. Rey started to feel like she didn’t have enough words to describe the flavours she was tasting. There were so many more different kinds of spicy than she’d ever imagined, so many different kinds of sweet and rich and good. Temmie patted her on the shoulder and brought her another bowl of soup, with a happy-sounding phrase in Yavinese—joy in the act of feeding another being. “She says it’s good to see a young person who knows how to eat,” said Poe. “Thank-you,” said Rey in slightly awkward Yavinese, and then, “Tell her thank you very much, Poe,” in Basic. She happily pulled the bowl in closer and took up her spoon again. “I understand Basic,” said Temmie, her words heavily accented. “But such a flat, boring language! Why speak it if don’t have to?” She patted Rey on the shoulder again, then vanished back into her kitchen. Rey smiled down into her soup. Still ever-so-slightly too thick. She reached for her drinking glass to water it down, just a little more. “It’s already hydrated,” said Poe, hurriedly. “You don’t want to hurt Temmie’s feelings.” “Right,” said Rey. She reached out and swiped a finger across Finn’s plate, to catch a last few drops of the sweet golden liquid that he’d poured over the cakes. Finn retaliated by sticking his finger into her soup, which she permitted. The comfortably full feeling creeping into her stomach made it easy to be as generous with Finn and Poe as she wanted to be, especially with the table still covered in food. Making up her mind, Rey reached for the plate of tortillas in the centre of the table. Her wrist bumped up against the rim of her drinking glass, which tipped over and neatly deposited its contents into her bowl. “Whoops,” she said innocently, into the silence. * * * Holed up in her room, with the door lock electronically jammed to ensure her bunkmates didn’t come back early and surprise her, Rey surreptitiously connected the final wires. With power humming through the cobbled together box, the top plate began, slowly, to heat up. Rey settled her makeshift pot—part of a salvaged blast helmet—on top, and poured in water from her canteen. The box of dried pasta—gained in a black-market exchange for several bars of chocolate won in a semi-legal card game—held enough maybe one full meal. Rey carefully shook a quarter of it into the water, and sealed the rest away for later. She sat back on her heels and watched the water come to a slow roil, the bubbles rising and falling, and breathed in the slightly metallic scent of the steam. Time passed. Contentment rested in her chest. Rey knew what food—real food—looked like. Digging the first bite out of the pot, she popped it into her mouth, hot enough to burn and pleasantly mushy and hers, exactly the way she liked it. Notes: Low-key portrayal of unhealthy relationships with food due to past shortages or times when food consumption was heavily controlled; fic focuses on recovery/discovery rather than trauma.