He hid it, as best he could, for as long as he could. It was - it was a weakness he wasn’t prepared to own. A problem he couldn’t let others know, because any flaw in him was - to be frank - unforgivable . But it burst out one day when he’d thought he was alone. The gnawing in his gut driving him to his knees, shoving his face in the chair and screaming silently. Open-mouthed breaths and the words inside his head, but never reaching his lips. He’d learned to do this: to make no noise. How to cry without sound, how to yell, how to panic inaudibly. She’d walked in, somehow. He wonders if he can find some way to pretend there was a reasonable excuse to be rocking on his knees with his face in the seat of his chair. Maybe if he just stays still, and later gets Ren to wipe the whole day from her mind… no. The Knight would look to see why, and he couldn’t wipe him . It’s better that it’s her than anyone else. He can see her shiny boots through the gap in the chair’s body, and– “Sir?” He wants to order her to leave, but he is afraid of how his voice will sound. He pushes his face in further, the indecision and crushing need to rundiediedie making this… impossible . Captain Phasma walks around, and… puts a hand on his back. That does it, and he launches up at her, prey-instinct kicking in. The scrappy one in the group, always picked on. Learning how to jab with what force he had, where the maximal payload was. How to be as effective and efficient as– His blows are blocked, and then she’s got her arms around him, somehow. His hands pinned to his sides, he lets out a tiny yelp as she squeezes the fight out of him. Weirdly, it isn’t painful. It’s just firm pressure, and although he fights some more… when the resistance is gone, the pressure remains. It remains like a lid keeping his insides from sloshing out, or his panic bubble from expanding. Hux goes limp in her arms, and she keeps the pressure there for some time before he’s able to come back to himself. A gruff thank you, and she tells him it’s alright. He doesn’t know where she learned that move. *** When he’s struggling, he resists asking for help until the last minute. Or - just before it. When he’s about to lose his temper, he seeks her out. Sometimes it’s a fierce, all-body hug in a room no one will find them. Sometimes she lies full-out atop him, a blanket he can’t buck out of. He’s not sure what she gets out of it, but he feels safe underneath her. It’s not even sexual, not really. Her breathing on his neck, and he plays with her hair, and they fall asleep like that, warm and content. He’s probably broken, for not wanting her. She’s fierce, strong and beautiful. But he doesn’t want her - not like that. And if she wants him that way, she shows no sign. (Hux knows they’ve both had it drummed out of them, by now. If there was any fire-cracker feelings, they were doused and drowned long ago. The urge to copulate is only useful when more children are needed, but he… doesn’t… feel the need.) Instead, what he does feel is her body against his own, and he is… comforted. Her cheek brushes his, and he whispers: “Why do you do this for me?” “I like to,” she whispers back, the secrets are not even for the walls to hear. “It’s enough?” “More than enough.” She peers down, head to one side. “Is it for you?” “ More than enough,” he replies, and slides his thumb over her cheekbone. She pulls his head to the space between her breast and her chin, and he nuzzles against the pillowy presence. His hands caress where clothing parts, and he smiles. Okay. So maybe they’re broken. But they’re broken together, and she props where he might fall. He’ll just have to find a way to do the same for her.