Things do not go in butts. Kylo is pretty sure about that. Things come out of butts, and those are gross things. Okay, gross things come out of his penis as well, but there’s a margin of disgust and a whole world of things to not think about if he ever wants to have an orgasm again. Things do not go in butts. Even if Hux says they sometimes do, and so does the holonet when he searches: ‘is my boyfriend crazy for wanting anal sex?’ Apparently he is not crazy, but other people also agree with Kylo, and so the general consensus is that meme of the shrugging stormtrooper. (Or some dumbshit conspiracy post about the Light and the Dark which he never, ever, ever reads. Much.) Hux said it was okay if he never wanted to try, but Kylo is - well - curious . And it’s curiosity that lead to the Dark Side and also to the Order and eventually into bed with the Finalizer’s commanding officer. And all of those things had definite pluses to them, so… maybe? “You’re not putting your mouth there, or your dick,” Kylo said. “Not the first time.” “Alright,” Hux agreed. Which is why he’s now lying on a huge pile of cushions and towels, and Hux is cleaning him out. Weird. His feet scoot up to his butt, and his knees part as Hux strokes him gently. Hux’s fingers hold his balls up, and there’s stroking below. It’s kind of nice, but it’s also getting close to places that make him want to clamp shut. But Hux said it would feel good if he could relax enough, so he does slow breathing exercises as a slicked finger strokes around his hole. It’s. Nice. But he keeps worrying he’ll get hard when he poops if this turns out to be enjoyable. Which is gross and wrong. His dick sags a little at the thought, but then there’s the bottle between his legs. The nozzle is small, and it works inside without much discomfort. Kylo insisted he be clean for this, so Hux agreed to perform an enema to make sure. A squeeze, and the slightly sticky solution gushes in. Kylo feels wrong because things go out , but also kind of ? good ? because it’s warm, and stimulates his nerve-endings. Of which, apparently, he has a lot. Why did Humans evolve to feel their ass so much? And why does Hux keep telling him the second best thing to his dick is inside his freaking ass ? Kylo does not know, but he knows that feels… okay. The bottle pulls out, and he feels the fluid follow. He hoists his ass, not wanting to touch the wet towel. Again, and this time he feels some kind of odd tingle inside, making his cock jolt valiantly into the frame. Little shit that it is, no pun intended. Hux continues to douche him out until he’s satisfied, and the bowl of stuff, the squeezy thing and the top towel are put away. “Good so far?” “…it’s… not terrible…” Fingers on his hole again, and now he knows he’s clean he can relax a bit more. The sensation is still unusual, but it’s spreading through his body. The other hand pumps his cock, then teases at his slit. A dribble of interest leaks out, and then there’s a finger in him . In. Him. In where things do not go. It feels not-unlike pooping, but without the gross knowledge of excrement. Yeah. That kills his boner for five seconds, but then Hux manages to find the thing he said was good. It must be, because Kylo sits bolt-upright, intelligibly going hhhhnnnghhhh , and Hux starts laughing. “See?” “The hell? Don’t stop!” Hux kisses his knee, and grazes his fingers again. Kylo can’t really understand what he’s touching, just that it feels like he’s got half his dick inside, and half out. Like it goes from one point to the other, and he’s hard as freaking durasteel and that touching keeps up. “Feels even better when it’s being fucked,” Hux smirks. “Sliding into your hole, pushing against it, knowing someone’s so close to you they can make you see the galaxy…” “Oh, oh fuck… fuck… don’t stop talking!” “Pounding into you, your ass quivering from every slap. Deeper inside… stretching you wide…” “ Hhhhhnnnnnnnnnngggggggggggggggggggggggggggghhhkkk…” There’s more than one finger, now, and the other hand is stroking his dick. Kylo falls back in delighted despair, bouncing between the twin stimuli and whimpering his wants. “Right there… did you know I could make you climax on my finger, and your dick not do a thing?” “Huh?” “Make you come twice. Once on my hand, and the other in my mouth.” “FUCK.” “Precisely,” Hux says, and his hand tightens around Kylo’s dick, choking the bloodflow to nothing. His fingers stroke deep inside, rubbing and grinding and tapping and Kylo is sure he’s coming. He’s sure, but his dick isn’t involved in this. The shudder goes through his body like he’s climaxed, the warmth crescendoing fantastically. The wave goes up from his ass into his belly, up his spine, and into his hair. Which feels like it’s staticed so hard it’s leaving his tingling scalp behind. Kylo’s in heaven . He is. His eyes rolled back into his skull, and then there’s a soft, wet heat around his dick. The hand at the base pumps furiously, bumping into Hux’s lips as he sucks him fiercely. The other hand touches him inside, still, and Kylo bucks so hard he hears three springs snap and his heels drum down on Hux’s back, demanding he swallow it all. Spurt after spurt, and he’s positive he’s never shot that much out before. Not ever. The climax feels almost painful, and he drops back onto the mattress in the aftermath of it. Holy. Fucking. “Good?” Hux asks, wiping his lips on the back of his hand. “Y-you said it was… nicer… with a dick?” “Wanna find out?” Holy hell does he. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 107 of the Kylux - Fluff & Angst series Next Work →