Hux is angry with him. Why? Why him? Why him, of all the people to exist? Why Kylo Ren? He’s broken, bad, wrong, dangerous and unpredictable. He’s raw power and immature motive. He’s - he’s - bad news in black clothing and Hux fucking hates the man. Hates him so hard that their first kiss is an argument. Lips and teeth and growled insults. His mask barely off and a knee jammed between thighs. He shoves Kylo down, gloved hands scraping his waist as the barely-lifted mask clatters aside and Hux forces his way past those lips in an attempt to shut his snivelling up with his dick down his throat. When he feels the splatter of Ren’s seed on his legs from his frantic self-abuse, he calls him a pathetic slut and uses those ears to gag him properly, coming like a ventral cannon discharging full blast. *** The second time, they’re barely any better. Barbs turn into shoving. Hux never manhandles staff, but Ren isn’t staff. He shoves, and Ren shoves back. They take it out of the room and out against the next room. Ren could floor him, but he doesn’t when Hux slams his body into the wall. They argue even as Hux takes both their cocks in one hand, and strokes them raw and almost to bleeding out their next round of climaxes. Hux is sure he wins the fight. Ren probably is, too. *** Pulling his hair until his eyes water, lifting him up from his cock to paint the head across his lips. Hux repeats for as long as he can, varying between accepting the little wet licks and the depths of his mouth and throat. Ren doesn’t touch himself this time, and Hux rewards him by taking his face with excruciating precision. Over and over, and he isn’t sure who will crack, first. Just when Hux is sure he’ll explode, Ren begs for it. Begs for the cum, and Hux beats himself all over that face. Watches the tongue slide out to lap the salty mess up, and then he tells Ren to see to himself. He watches, enraptured, as the man’s self-abuse turns his insides to jelly. How fast his hand blurs, how hopeful the whimpers and sighs. How much of the stuff he can nut, how long his cock is. Hux wants to stomp all over it. *** Hand on the back of his neck, holding him down. Bent over the bed, and calling out in shock as Hux’s fingers work him roughly open. His virgin bitch hole is tight, and it takes longer than Hux wanted before he can push inside. (He tries not to think about how he’s concerned by this. How easily Ren would consent to pain, here. How he’d let Hux rip him bloody in his lust. He would, wouldn’t he? Let him…) Ren begs him before the end. Hux has never been begged to fuck someone til now. It does… weird things, and when he thrusts home, he bites his lip and wants the emotion to go away. *** The next time, Kylo won’t back down. He pushes back as hard as he is given, and Hux feels fear spiralling out of control. Ren can make him shoot himself, if he wants. He can break his bones without moving a hand. He can do so many things, and now he’s angry enough to try. (Violence is the only love he knows. The only thing he’s been taught. Of course his lust is anger, of course his passion is rage.) Hux finds his legs spread so wide he nearly snaps, and the fingers that slick into him are too much. He won’t say no, but he thinks it, and he’s surprised when the movements slow a little in response. Shame makes him hate himself, and he tries to fuck his frustration onto that hand. If he’s going to get laid like this, he might as well do it right. Kylo’s cock nearly breaks him in half, and his fingers draw blood from the man’s shoulders in retaliation. He pants into his neck, and the slowness is an abomination. He comes without touching himself. He hates that, even more. *** Ren is tired. He drops to his knees, and tilts his head expectantly, waiting for the abuse. Hux stares down at him and is disgusted by what he’s done. He could have made him into anything. He could have sculpted beauty, not pain. His thumb traces the offered lower lip, and… he takes his hand. Kylo blinks in confusion, but follows. He’s almost always obedient, and Hux… hates himself even more. Clothes off. No mess. “Down,” he says, and pushes Ren onto his back. He behaves, of course. Hux grabs the lube, and pulls Kylo’s hand to him. The Knight gulps in confusion, and fingers him open. He’s not feeling angry, so he’s not moving angry, either. Hux puts his hands on Kylo’s chest, getting into the stroking. He slides his balls over the flat stomach, and tells him how to do it right. How to stroke over his taint with his thumb, how to twist and twirl him wider, how to touch his prostate and make him shudder. Ren wants to ask things, it’s there in his eyes. He wants to ask why , but Hux simply slips his hole around that gorgeous cock, and wonders if he can still come without touching his own. He knows how to ride a dick. Of course he does. He knows how to show someone a good time, and he puts Kylo’s hands on his thighs as he snaps his spine and clenches his ass. He knows he’s a wonderful lay, from the broken noises below him, and the pulsing feel of Ren’s arousal when he shimmies and bounces. Kylo’s hands go to touch his cock, and he thinks about saying no, but he reads the hopeful look and nods. When not angry, those huge hands are surprisingly soft. They find more lube without command, and then they run one after the other over his length. Hux struggles to focus, biting his lip at the milking gestures. He can’t quite get the angle right, and he whines in frustration. Right until Kylo climbs upright, a fist still working his shaft as he puts the other hand on Hux’s ass and slides fingers between his crack to toy with his stretched hole. Lips. Lips near his throat. Hux pulls Kylo’s face there, his knees protesting how hard he’s trying to ride him. It’s too intimate like this, and he’s suddenly more afraid than ever. Kisses to his jaw, threatening to approach his lips. This is just fucking. Just fucking. Nothing more. Training the man’s hands, tongue, ass and dick for use. Nothing… The whisper of his name against the curve of his throat when Kylo comes inside him is disgusting, and Hux nearly finds his own orgasm from the sound of it. He shoves the man onto his back, and then slips off his softening cock to push his leaking hole onto his mouth. Kylo’s tongue enters to lap up the mess he’s left inside, and then his hand is so firm, without hurting. Hux wants to come so badly, but he’s still afraid, and then there’s three fingers inside him and a mouth around his cock and he can’t help it. The pressure on his prostate has him howling, and he fucks his face until he’s collapsed against the headboard, still shoved into Kylo’s mouth. There’s no bruises. No blood. No lingering aches. Hux just feels… good. He slides out of Kylo’s mouth, and drops lithely to the floor. He pauses at the door to the ‘fresher, and cocks his head for Ren to follow. Kylo does, though he keeps his distance in the room until Hux shoves him under the spray. “Clean me properly, and… you can stay.” He’s not sure ‘forever’, but… tonight, at least. Tonight he can. They’ll assess again in the morning. (Hux knows he’ll still say yes. He has a lot of anger to atone for.) Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 108 of the Kylux - Fluff & Angst series Next Work →