Brendol was sleeping and Clove was watching the rain slide down the window across from the bed, silently shaming herself for being there and for enjoying the feeling of the fine sheets against her cheek and bare legs. After Armitage was born, she swore to herself that her only association with Brendol would be as the boy’s biological mother, brought up from the kitchens in secret for the occasional visit. Those visits had been far more occasional than she would have liked, though she agreed with Brendol that it was best not to make their son overly attached to her. She also agreed with him, of course, that Armitage would have a better life in this household than he would as a servant-in-training down in the kitchens, lacking a proper education and shown no favors from the ‘upstairs’ man who’d fathered him. But she still lifted her head from the pillow in Brendol’s bed that cold morning and slipped into her dress as quietly as she could, watching for any sign that he would wake. When he didn’t, she crept down the hallway toward Armitage’s room, heart pounding. She might not even wake her baby, she decided, pressing the door open very carefully as she kept her eyes on the empty hallway. Maybe she would only watch him sleep for a while, the way he breathed with his mouth just slightly open, same as Brendol. The room was dark when she slipped inside, only a dim gray glow coming from behind the single window’s curtains. There was no night light, but she hadn’t expected one. She’d never actually been in Armitage’s nursery before, and she knew Brendol would be annoyed if he caught her there. She didn’t care, and cared even less about what Brendol would think when she saw that Armitage was not in his little bed. It was early, but later than Brendol normally slept, and the rest of the household was certainly awake. Brendol’s wife was elsewhere. Clove would never have been allowed into the residence if she hadn’t been entirely off planet. Droids were about, and surely that dreadful nanny thing that Brendol trusted to take Armitage down for his meals had her son in its syntho-padding clutches. Clove stood in the center of the dark, largely unadorned nursery and curled both hands into fists, pretending that she might be bold enough to stomp downstairs, dismiss the droid and scoop Armitage into her lap at the breakfast table. Just the thought of the way his eyes lit up when he saw her made her whole ribcage tremble with a combination of rage and defeat. She marched back to Brendol’s room. He was the only one in this world that she could dare to be cross with, because he loved her, even if she didn’t love him anymore. She’d been so young and impressed and stupid, and still she was stupid enough to go to bed with him when he invited her, sometimes more to be surrounded by the comforts of another world than to absorb the cold comfort of his affections. She left her dress on and clambered back into the bed, intentionally and rudely awakening him. Brendol sputtered a little and turned onto his back as she straddled him, pinning his shoulders. “Why are there no toys in Armitage’s room?” she asked when Brendol began to look pleased, probably thinking she was trying to seduce him into keeping her in his bed a bit longer. “What?” Brendol pushed her long hair aside, sweeping it away from her face like a curtain. “What are you talking about? Why are you dressed?” “Because I went down the hall. Where is Armitage? He’s not in his bed.” “He’s not-- That’s not why you’re here, he’s adhering to his schedule and it doesn’t include you.” “Adhering to his schedule. He’s three years old!” “Almost four.” Clove groaned and pressed Brendol’s shoulders down more firmly. He reached for her waist and looked pleased again, misunderstanding the gravity of her concerns as usual. He had been in love with her since he was twelve and she was ten, since she’d given him shortbread when he crept down to the kitchen in the middle of the night, when she was still up peeling vegetables for the breakfast. Brendol was an officer’s son. He’d been unpopular with his peers as a child, and overweight. Clove was perhaps the first person who’d ever been nice to him. She’d grown tired, over the years, of keeping that habit. “About the toys then,” Clove said, leaning away when Brendol reached for her cheek. “Where are they? Packed away each night? Or does he not have any?” She suspected the latter. “He has model starships,” Brendol says. “Already puts them together himself.” “Where are they?” “In the library, on shelves out of reach. They’re fragile, he broke one once when he was being fanciful with it.” “Fanciful?” “Flying it around like a little-- Ah, but you don’t understand about these things. This is part of his education, already. He has enrichment exercises. Toys provide nothing but time-wasting. Parents give them to children only to distract them, to keep them out of the way. We have the nanny droid for that, and it’s programmed with all sort of little games and quizzes. He’s plenty looked-after and you know it.” Brendol’s tone had sharpened. Clove slid off of him, not sure that he was wrong. Brendol had always been smarter than her, of course. Now he was barely thirty and already an important man, well-educated and powerful therefore. Clove had always been destined for the kitchen and had been trained only as such. She loved Armitage so much that it ate at her constantly, that he was going about his days elsewhere and not at her side, tugging at her skirt and lifted onto her hip whenever he wanted. But she loved him enough to want more for him than the kind of childhood she’d had: warmed by the presence of her mother but also put to work as soon as she could hold a peeler. Down in the humid and harried world of the kitchen, the warmth of her relationship with her mother had cooled quickly into barked orders and disappointments, Clove’s unplanned pregnancy chief among them. Her mother was the one who’d convinced her at last that letting Brendol and his wife raise Armitage was of course the right thing to do. Of course. “You’ve upset yourself for no reason,” Brendol said, sitting up beside her and brushing her hair from her shoulder again. He kissed her neck, her shoulder. Soon she would be downstairs slicing bread for his lunch. When she was sixteen he’d promised her he would take her away from all this and marry her, to hell with his family’s objections. Then he got his first commission and delayed, delayed, and then he was married to Maratelle, who came from the right sort of family. Clove swore she’d never speak to him again, but within her principled resolve she had no other suitors, no excitement, no break from the routine she’d been laboring through since childhood. Four years after her vow to reject Brendol’s every apologetic gesture, she was pregnant with Armitage. “He should have something soft,” Clove said, speaking to herself and lifting her shoulder away from Brendol’s kisses. “For when there’s a thunderstorm.” “He has four walls and a sturdy roof over his head to protect him from thunderstorms. And he’s stopped crying when we have them, anyway.” Stopped crying loud enough for you to hear, Clove thought, and she slid out of the bed to put her stockings on. ** The following month, Brendol informed Clove that she would be allowed to visit with Armitage on his birthday as usual. She received this news with enormous relief, as things had been bad with the war effort in recent days and she’d feared their visit might be disrupted. According to whispered, illicit rumors, the rebels had actually gained some ground. The older servants swore it was impossible that a band of pathetically outmatched rebels, no matter how bold, could do real damage to the great Empire. But the rumors had been passed around for some years now. Armitage had been born just a few days before the first Death Star was destroyed, though Clove only learned of this blow to the Empire a year later, as propaganda had buried the news for as long as it could. Despite the gloomier than usual atmosphere on Arkanis, Clove was in high spirits as she prepared for Armitage’s birthday, as fluttery with anticipation as she had once been as a girl, whenever Brendol promised to visit her. It was laughable to her now that she’d ever thought her adoration of Brendol was profound in any way. In comparison for what she felt for Armitage, it was a flimsy nothing. She was nearly dancing across the kitchen as she made a special cake for Armitage: a small thing made from scraps she had scavenged for months, but delicate and pretty. He would love it. Brendol so rarely allowed him anything sweet. When the cake was finished, she still had half a day to wait until the birthday visit and couldn’t manage to sleep. Though she was happy with the cake, she wanted to give her son something more permanent. Something he could hold and keep. She went to the laundry in search of scraps and was disappointed when the only fabrics available for snatching were rough black ones used in uniforms like the one Brendol wore. Clove took what she could get, trading the seamstress her remaining supply of sugar and cinnamon in exchange for a needle and thread. She knew only the basics of sewing, but managed to put together a simple doll figure by the time the sun had come up behind the persisting rain clouds. She’d overstuffed its chest and made its arms and legs too thick, and had no time or supplies to make a proper face, beyond two black buttons for eyes, but at least it was soft, not in texture but on the inside, stuffed with cotton she’d pulled from her own pillow, which was now smaller by half. The occasion of Armitage’s birthday was to be celebrated over a picnic in the greenhouse garden. Clove packed everything in a basket: the doll at the bottom, wrapped up in a sheet of clean butcher paper she’d stolen, some nice cheese and crackers that Armitage had liked the last time he’d sneaked down to the kitchen to see her, a thermos of cold tea and the cake. Clove wore her best dress and left her apron in the kitchen. She sat waiting for Brendol and Armitage to arrive on a blanket spread near the fragrant orchids, rain splattering the greenhouse’s transparisteel ceiling overhead. When the nanny droid rolled up beside Armitage, Clove was annoyed but not disappointed. Often these visits were better without Brendol present. Armitage looked different than he had last time she’d seen him, over five months ago. He was bigger maybe, or taller, though still thin. Perhaps it was only his expression: drawn, serious, in an attempt to imitate some example of strength that Brendol and the others had taught him. The droid hung back and Armitage walked toward Clove on her picnic blanket with measured steps, a nervous quirk to his lips the only sign that indicated he wasn’t sure if he was allowed to break formation yet. “Commandant Hux sends his regrets,” the droid said. Clove hated the sound of its voice: an attempt at something authentically soothing, the very tone with which it spoke felt like an insult directed at her. “He had an emergency to attend to.” “Never mind,” Clove said, shooing the droid away and holding her hands out to Armitage, who stood at the edge of the picnic blanket, one hand going to the hem of his tunic in a timid gesture that Brendol would have smacked away if he’d been there. “Come here, baby,” Clove said, leaning forward with her arms outstretched. “It’s your birthday, look at you, you’ve gotten so big!” Armitage’s smile came slowly, but once he’d let it start he couldn’t seem to quash it. He stomped forward across the blanket and let Clove pull him into her arms, his little hands pressing against her back as he hugged her, too. “Mummy,” he said when his face was hidden against her shoulder, quiet enough to keep the droid from hearing. “Darling, oh--” Clove always had to check herself a bit during the initial stages of these reunions, not wanting to startle him with the force of her emotion or to let on that sorrow was already creeping around the edges of her relief as she dreaded the approach of their parting. She instructed herself to put all that aside and rocked her baby in her arms, breathing in the sweet scent of his neatly combed hair and letting him cling to her for as long as he liked. The look she leveled at the droid when she lifted her face was such that the thing rolled backward a bit. “You can leave us,” Clove said, trying to keep the venom out of her voice. “Yes, madam,” the droid said, with a measure of what Clove was sure was dismissive sarcasm. It rolled away on the path, behind some freika bushes. Clove could just see the sensor on the top of its head from over the bushes, monitoring them. “Father had a meeting,” Armitage said when he sat back, still in her lap. As if she cared where Brendol was, or about anything but the expression on Armitage’s face: she’d been afraid for a moment, when she saw him approaching with that grim stoic imitation of maturity, that this bright hopeful softness had gone out of his eyes for good. “He’ll come later if he can,” Armitage said, glancing at the picnic basket. “What’s in there?” “Lots of treats for you,” Clove said, kissing his cheeks. Armitage laughed and winced a little. Being kissed and cuddled was foreign to him, but as long as he didn’t push her away she would keep him just acquainted enough with the feeling. “Good that father’s not here then,” Armitage said, quietly. “He’d eat up half of them himself.” “That’s right he would. When he was a little boy he would sneak down to the kitchen to steal treats in the middle of the night.” She had told him this before. “And they called him Dumpling,” Armitage said, remembering. “They did.” Clove almost managed to feel bad for Brendol then, as she had when he was a boy. “Don’t ever tell him you know that, remember, it’s our secret.” “I won’t. He says I’m too thin. Does he want me to be fat like a dumpling?” “Certainly not, he’d be even harder on you if you were. Never mind what he says, the war makes him grumpy. You’re perfect as you are.” “But he says they’ll break me in half at the Academy if I don’t get bigger.” “That’s ridiculous.” Any and all sympathy for Brendol, past or present, went out the window then. Clove tugged Armitage closer, bringing her hand to his hair and glaring at the droid’s monitoring sensor. “Your father runs that Academy,” she said, looking down into Armitage’s worried little face. “He blows a lot of hot air, but he won’t let anyone hurt you.” “A lot of hot air?” “He exaggerates.” Because he’s frightened, she didn’t say. Like all of us. “When the war is over, he’ll be more patient with you.” She didn’t believe this anymore, but couldn’t resist the lie. Armitage nodded and played with the end of her hair, picking through the golden strands as if he was looking for a particular shade. There was some red in it, but mostly he’d gotten his coloring from Brendol. “Has Maratelle been kind to you?” Clove asked, though it set her teeth on edge to even say that name, and to think of that cold woman interacting with her son made her feel primal things, snarling possessiveness. “She’s not around much,” Armitage said. “Nor is father. Why can’t I be with you when they’re busy?” “Because I’m busy, too, in the kitchen.” Clove swallowed her sorrow, helpless fury, guilty cowardice. No time to dwell on any of it, with their day together so precious. She reached for the picnic basket. “Are you hungry?” They ate the cheese and crackers with tea, and Armitage’s little gasp when Clove revealed the primly decorated cake was something she wanted to bundle up and take back to the kitchens for later. She cut the first piece and watched him eat it, wishing she had a holo camera for pictures of the sugar at the corners of his lips and his smile, which was a bit sneaky, like he knew he was getting away with something. As if Brendol wouldn’t have allowed this treat for the sake of shoving half of it in his own mouth. Overloaded with sugar after eating a second piece, Armitage spent some time dashing around the blanket and demonstrating ‘exercises’ he’d learned in his pre-school courses, beaming at Clove when she clapped with approval. He crashed not long afterward, stretching out on the blanket. Clove leaned over him, propped on her elbow and mesmerized by every blink and sigh and sleepy question he asked. “I’ve got one more thing for you,” she said, reaching for the basket. “Mummy, I’m too full.” Armitage’s hands went to his stomach and his expression grew so stricken that Clove was sure Brendol made him overeat to try and compensate for his physique. “It’s not food,” she said, pushing the fury away again. Not now, not ever. She pulled out the butcher-paper wrapped doll and almost hesitated, feeling her face flush. She was afraid he wouldn’t like it, that anything she gave him beyond sweets would be too alien, too little. But Armitage was sitting up and peering at the present curiously, reaching for it. She watched him unwrap the doll with her heart in her throat, not sure why it seemed to suddenly matter so much. Armitage looked puzzled at first, pulling the last of the butcher paper away to reveal the doll’s dangling legs. Without really meaning to, Clove had designed the doll so that it looked like it was asking for a hug, arms spread out. “What is it?” Armitage asked, as if it was a droid with some yet unseen function. He was holding it in his lap, at least. “Just a little friend for you,” Clove said. She was good at hiding her tears but not sure why they were threatening to come just now. “When I was a girl, I had a doll like this that my mother made for me. We slept in the basement near the barrels of flour and such, you know, it could be quite frightening if someone moved through with a candle, throwing shadows. At night, having a friend to hold onto-- I just thought you might like something to play with,” she said, feeling like she was already defending herself against some accusation of Brendol’s about her instincts and how they were all wrong for what Armitage needed to become. “What’s his name?” Armitage asked when he looked up at her again. “It’s, ah--” Clove felt stupid for not having planned for this. She glanced around and saw only cracker crumbs and a rind from a hunk of cheese that they’d eaten. Hunk, she thought, but that didn’t sound like a name. “Hank,” she said instead. It had a suitably masculine sound to it, at least. “That’s his name, and he wants to be your friend. Do you like him?” “You made him?” Armitage asked, lifting Hank’s springy arms and bouncing him a bit. Clove hoped the stitches would hold. “Yes,” she said. “Just for you.” It was then that Brendol of course appeared, coming round the freika bush after perhaps consulting with the droid or peering at mother and child surreptitiously through the leaves. Clove met his eyes and saw him notice the reproach in her expression. He either wanted to appear hurt by this or actually was. “Father’s here!” Armitage said, turning to him. The fact that he always seemed glad to see Brendol heartened Clove somewhat, because she wanted the boy to love his father, but it also gave her a bitter nick of envy. It amused her, meanwhile, to watch Brendol uncomfortably lower himself to the picnic blanket as if preparing to attend a child’s tea party, still in full uniform, his hair damp from the rain he must have passed through on his way here. “Have I missed the meal?” Brendol asked, and then his eyes shifted from the empty cake plate to the doll hugged against Armitage’s chest. “What’s that you’ve got.” “A gift I made for him,” Clove said sharply, staring at Brendol with every debt she might call in blazing in her eyes like a threat. Or perhaps it was more like a dare: try to take it from him while I sit here watching, just try it. “His name is Hank,” Armitage said, holding Hank up uncertainly. He looked from Brendol to Clove and then back again. “I don’t know what I’m meant to do with him,” he said-- snotty, the way Maratelle would have said it. He glanced at Clove shyly, trying to apologize to her without speaking, just like his father. “But Mummy made him and he’s for my birthday.” “He’s rather grim-looking,” Brendol said. He was teasing, smirking at Clove as if she’d laugh. His face changed when she didn’t, and it was so like the expression Armitage had just worn for her that she almost didn’t hate him for it. “Did you thank your mother for the gift?” he asked, stern again when he looked back to Armitage. “Thank you, Mum.” Armitage must have been feeling guilty for his snobby comment, because he lurched into Clove’s arms and hugged her hard, Hank pressed between them. He rarely did anything so brazen in view of Brendol, who looked suddenly rather pale and sad. Either he was thinking about what might have been or had just come from hearing bad news about the war. “You’re so welcome, my darling,” Clove said, holding Armitage tight and petting his hair. She held Brendol’s gaze over Armitage’s little shoulder and tried to keep any hint of forgiveness from creeping into her eyes. “Whenever you’d like a hug from me and I’m not there, you can just turn to Hank, all right? He’s got all of my hugs for you built into him.” She was begging Brendol with her eyes: You’ve got to actually be this for him, please. But she knew he wouldn’t pick up the message or follow through with it even if he had. “Does that mean you’re going away?” Armitage asked, wide-eyed and clutching Hank when he pulled back. “Who said that?” Brendol snapped, so fiercely that Armitage’s shoulders jumped. Clove hugged Armitage to her again, glared at Brendol and bit down on the urge to tell him not to shout at the boy on his bloody birthday. Brendol’s eyes softened as if he heard this remark anyway. Armitage stared down at Hank, making a visible effort to transform his sullen expression into a stoic one. “Mummy’s not going anywhere,” Clove said, soothing her hand over Armitage’s back. “Don’t be silly. I just mean if you wake in the night and you wish you could creep down to the kitchen to see me. You can give your friend Hank a hug instead, and know that I’m thinking about you.” Clove loved it, of course, when Armitage appeared suddenly in the kitchen, but she and Brendol had both scolded him harshly the last time it happened. It wasn’t safe for the boy to be wandering about without so much as a droid to protect him. Brendol had enemies everywhere, even and especially among the Imperial ranks. Armitage was very smart and good at evading his caretakers, but it couldn’t continue. “We’ve got to be going,” Brendol said, tearing at Clove’s heart and now not bothering to meet her eye with an apologetic glance. He was getting up already, brushing at his uniform pants as if some residue from this encounter had dirtied them. The hateful droid appeared from around the edge of the freika bush as if it was eager to witness Clove’s anguish. “Say goodbye to your mother, Armitage,” Brendol said. Armitage was still clutched against Clove, peering at her and waiting for her to let go even as he seemed to be asking her not to let go, not ever. She ignored Brendol’s impatient stare and swept the soft fringe back from Armitage’s forehead. She had fallen in love with Brendol because of this same shade of hair, at least in part. It had seemed like a warm thing blooming in a world of durasteel. Someday, someday, she thought, cupping Armitage’s cheek. Someone will love you like that. “Do you understand what I mean about him?” Clove whispered, petting Hank’s head. “Yes,” Armitage said, but he looked confused, upset. “It’s some kind of magic?” “That’s right.” Brendol would be rolling his eyes, if he was even still listening. Clove kissed Armitage’s nose and his cheeks, his forehead. The love she had for him felt like such a violent thing at times, and though it came from within her it was she who was always torn apart in its jaws. “I knew you could do magic,” Armitage said, leaning forward to whisper this directly into Clove’s ear. “Because nothing else I eat ever tastes as good as the food you make.” “Come now,” Brendol barked. He hated whispering that excluded him, of course. “We’re getting off schedule here.” “Go on, then,” Clove said. She started to stand but then felt like she might fall over if she tried it. When Armitage moved away she leaned forward to kiss him again, just catching him on the ear. “Happy birthday, my love,” she said when he backed toward Brendol, holding Hank under his arm. “Thank you, Mummy.” Brendol took his hand and led him away. That was a sort of mercy, better than watching the droid take him from her. Clove looked at the cheese rind hardening on the plate and thought of pitching it into the orchids, spoiling their scent. Instead she just sat there for some time, listening to the rain and trying to fight the stomach-rot feeling that she would never see her son again. ** Two months and thirteen days later, Hux was asleep in bed when he was awakened by the alarms. It had happened before: they had gone to the shelter, he had been scared. He had looked for his mother and had not found her among the gathered crowd, though some people from the kitchen had been there. He sat up in his bed, rubbing his eyes and waiting for Nanny to come and fetch him. In the meantime he hugged himself around Hank, who still smelled just a bit like cinnamon cake and his mother’s long hair, though it was fading. The alarms were loud and bright through the window, and he heard people running in the halls, and the muffled, panicked sound of droids speaking to each other in their strange languages. When the door was finally thrown open, it was his father who rushed into the room. “Where’s Nanny?” Hux asked. “No room for droids,” his father said, which made no sense. It also made no sense when Brendol reached down and scooped Hux up into his arms. That never happened. “Where are we going?” Hux asked when Brendol carried him toward the open door. For a terrible moment he wasn’t sure that he still had Hank with him, but that was only because he was still sleepy and because the alarms were so noisy that he couldn’t think properly. Hank was clutched against his chest, his arms stretched out as if he wanted to cling, like he was afraid to tumble to the floor while Brendol raced through halls, breathing hard. Hux held Hank tighter and didn’t ask again about where they were headed. When Brendol didn’t respond to his first question, he usually responded with an angry shout to a second one. As soon as they were outside the residence, Hux curled against his father, properly frightened now. People were racing everywhere, shouting. One woman in a purple silk robe was even crying. The alarms sounded much louder out here. “Daddy?” Hux said, without meaning to. He hadn’t called Brendol that in a long time. “Quiet,” Brendol said, adjusting Hux in his arms. “I’ve got you, here we are.” Brendol climbed the ramp of a shuttle Hux had never been aboard before. It was very big and crowded, and people were pushing all around. When Brendol found Maratelle, he dumped Hux into her lap. “What are you doing?” Maratelle asked, snagging one arm around Hux as Brendol turned back for the shuttle’s ramp. “Brendol!” she said, angry now and squeezing Hux too hard. Brendol looked back at them. Hux had never seen that expression on his father’s face before. He didn’t even know what to call it. Madness? Hux swallowed a whimper of dread when Brendol went running off, leaving him with Maratelle, who was making little sounds of disbelief, as if someone was punching her over and over. “Unbelieveable,” she said, gaping down at Hux like he had done something so bad that she didn’t even recognize him. “He can’t possibly-- He can’t--” She shoved Hux off her lap and put her hands over her face. Hux stumbled and bumped into a man who was running behind him, toppled forward and landed hard on his knees. He felt his lip shake and bit it, pulling Hank up so that his head was tucked under Hux’s chin. He could feel Hank’s button eyes against his throat. I’m not alone , he thought, turning away from Maratelle. Mummy is here because Hank is here. It’s magic . But it had never felt that way, though he did sleep with Hank hugged against him every night. Hank was Hank and Mummy was Mummy. She had only said all that so that Hux wouldn’t come looking for her in the kitchens. Maratelle wasn’t looking. Hux glanced at the shuttle door, his heart pounding. He got onto his feet again slowly, and only managed to take one step before Maratelle grabbed his arm hard, yanking him back. “Don’t,” she said. She was crying, but she looked furious, like she was going to punish him, though she always left that to Brendol. “Don’t you dare, you little bastard. All I need is him going on another wild chase through the whole compound to find you after he drags his whore aboard.” Hux’s eyes stung and then flooded, blurred over. He wanted to fight free when Maratelle pulled him up into her lap again and held him there, and he squirmed when she wept against his shoulder. She was holding him like he held Hank, squeezing him like she might wring some comfort from him and also like he was a thing, a toy. The alarms changed. A voice came on the hangar’s intercom and spoke quickly, something about departure and all authorized personnel getting aboard. The chaos in the hangar had given way to an eerie emptiness as the last few stragglers raced for their shuttles. “Daddy,” Hux said again, soundlessly this time, speaking against the top of Hank’s head. Maratelle’s breath hitched; she was crying so hard that she’d made the sleeve of Hux’s pyjama top wet. He was going to throw up if she kept squeezing him so tight. The shuttle had powered on and the one next to it was lifting off by the time Brendol came tearing back through the hangar. Only then did Hux notice that his father was wearing his pyjamas, too, and in public. He wouldn’t realize until much later why he’d expected his mother to be with Brendol just then, running barefoot in her nightdress. She wasn’t with him, anyway. ** By the time Hux had worked up the nerve to ask where his mother was, he knew. But he was angry and heartbroken, so he asked anyway. “Where is Mummy right now?” This was during a rare occasion when Brendol was sitting at the breakfast table with him aboard the Superior , months after they’d left Arkanis just in time to escape the rebel attack that followed. Maratelle was elsewhere as usual. Brendol kept his eyes on his plate. He was eating well-done toast with lots of butter. “Don’t say Mummy,” was his response. “You’re too old for that sort of nonsense.” “But where is she?” Brendol went on eating, his face getting red. He’d been different since they moved ‘indefinitely’ to space. Bad things had happened in the war, but Hux hadn’t been told what they were. “Where is she!” It was the only time Hux could ever remember shouting at his father. Brendol looked up at first in surprise, then rage spread like stormclouds across his features, his lip raising up. “Did you think she belonged to you?” he asked, standing. His eyes were narrowed. “Such that you can raise your voice to me and demand to have her? You’re smart enough to know that you cannot, or you ought to be. She’s gone, and if I catch you crying about it I’ll have you whipped like you really are just the kitchen servant’s whelp.” Brendol left then. Hux remained at the table, stunned to find that he was finally doing something that his father would have approved of, had he stuck around to see it. He wasn’t crying. He felt very far away from everything, and like none of what he had floated steadily away from mattered now. It was as if Brendol’s outburst had actually been a sustained, horrible drag from one bad place to another, and now they had reached that other place, and something was over for good. That night, like every night, Hux held Hank against him under the blankets on his narrow bed. He was more grateful than ever that his mother had made Hank rather oversized, in a way that made his stiff-armed hugs almost feel like something that could really wrap around Hux and hold him. Almost. ** Over the next two years, before the start of Hux’s formal schooling, in the wake of disaster and when people began saying even around children that the Empire had fallen, Hank often felt like the only thing that belonged to Hux at all. Brendol wasn’t his anymore, if he ever had been: he was fully engaged in ‘rebuilding’ and scarcely looked at Hux if their paths crossed. Hux had no new Nanny and Maratelle was less interested in him than ever, but he had a caretaker who looked after him and six other children onboard the Superior , which now only sailed through the Outer Rim territories and sometimes got rocked by attacks from other ships. Some of the children in Hux’s enrichment group claimed that the ship had been attacked by factions as lowly and pathetic as pirates or lawless gangs, but Hux couldn’t believe it. In bed at night, alone with Hank, he felt safe even if he heard blasts against the hull. He slept in the innermost part of the ship, along with the other children and important officers like Brendol. His room was attached to Brendol’s, small and with no viewports or personal touches beyond Hank, who hid in Hux’s bed during the day. Every evening he checked on Hank with trepidation, afraid that a cleaning droid might have judged him to be trash and tossed him into a compactor. But it wasn’t as if he could carry Hank around with him. He was afraid to even let Brendol see that Hank still existed. They didn’t talk about his mother, or about anything. Sometimes Hux wanted to be mean. He laughed at the children in his enrichment program if they didn’t know the answers to easy questions. He longed to call Brendol dumpling as he watched him getting fat on rehydrated food with too much artificial butter. He told Maratelle that she looked old and didn’t even care when she slapped him in the face; it was worth it. Sometimes he even wanted to get mad at Hank, for not working the way his mother had said that he would. In his worst moments he would threaten to rip Hank’s arms off because they were useless , but this always made him cry rather than feel a little better like the other mean things did. He would hug Hank and whisper sorry, sorry, I won’t do it, I’m sorry , as if he was even a thing that could be hurt. His button eyes looked sad sometimes. The news that they would settle on a new planet after two years in space was celebrated, and suddenly Brendol’s mood was improved. He made attempts to talk to Hux, who would stare at him in confusion and answer only after Brendol had snapped at him for acting as if he was slow. Brendol’s face would get red while he told Hux that he was going to attend a real school soon, and that someday he’d go to the Academy. “But the Academy was back home,” Hux said. And home is dead, he wanted to say, thinking of his mother. “This is a new Academy,” Brendol explained. “A better one, bigger. Just as we’ll rebuild the Empire, bigger and better.” Hux was six years old. He didn’t have any friends, unless he counted Hank, and all he could remember of having dreams of any kind involved his mother’s food, being allowed to run in the rain, and pleasing his father by being smart, if not ever strong enough. He decided that he’d better start wanting to please Brendol again, or soon he wouldn’t be anything at all. Sometimes he had bad dreams that he turned into a doll stuffed with cotton and watched Hank leave the bed while he got left there, unable to move or speak. He began to answer Brendol promptly when spoken to, and even initiated conversation himself at times, usually to inform Brendol that the enrichment teacher had paid him a compliment. “Don’t be arrogant,” Brendol said after Hux had bragged too many times. “But continue the good work.” Continue the good work. Hux went to bed that night and clutched Hank against him, trying to plot out what the good work was. Rebuilding the Empire, certainly. Doing well in class, being smarter than the other children and making sure they knew it. Not torturing Maratelle. Not disrespecting his father. Not ever mentioning his mother, he thought, rolling over to stuff his face against Hank’s shoulder, which needed mending. The cotton was sticking out. When he’d first caught sight of it, Hux had hoped it would smell like his mother, like the outside of Hank once had. He’d hoped some of what he remembered of her might have gotten closed up inside, but the inside of Hank just smelled like cotton and made his nose itch, sometimes made him sneeze. In the days before the long anticipated landing on their new planet, Brendol packed up his few personal items. Hux began to panic when he realized that he had no place to hide Hank. He didn’t own a bag or a big enough jacket to conceal the sizable bulk of Hank. He became so worried about it that he lost his appetite. On the night before landing, he wrapped Hank up in the blankets from his bed, and in the morning he brought the bundle into Brendol’s room. His stomach dropped when he saw that all the personal effects that Brendol had boxed up had already been carried off by droids. “What’s that?” Brendol asked, turning from his comm to see Hux standing red-faced in the doorway with an armful of bedclothes. “Your sheets? No, leave them. We’ll have much better ones on our property down there.” “But I like these,” Hux said, face blazing. “Well, they’re the property of this ship,” Brendol said, his voice sharpening. “And it doesn’t belong to us. Put them back at once and let’s go, it’s time to board the shuttle.” Hux stood his ground, his mind whirling. There had to be some excuse, something his father would buy. But he knew that was wishful thinking: once Brendol made a decision, he would never back down. “Have you gone deaf?” Brendol asked when he looked up again, frowning. “Put those things back. Right now! What are you doing? Are you crying over your bedsheets ? What in the name of the maker is the matter with you?” Hux dropped the bundle then, defeated. Hank tumbled loose when it hit the floor, his head and one arm poking out from the sheets as they unfurled. Something about the sight of Hank, dropped onto the floor like trash and peering up at Hux helplessly with his shiny button eyes, made Hux lose whatever resolve he’d had not to make this moment worse by crying. He didn’t just cry but sobbed, keeping it as quiet as he could even while he let his face pinch up and tears soak his cheeks. He curled up his fists and grit his teeth. He wanted to tell Brendol that he’d rather be left on the ship with Hank than abandon him here to be crushed up in the compactor like he was nothing, but his voice wouldn’t work and there was no telling Brendol anything, anyway. “All right, all right.” The muttering softness of Brendol’s voice, suddenly close, was shocking enough to get Hux to wrench his wet eyes open. His father was kneeling on the floor, extracting Hank from the sheets with care that wasn’t quite gentle so much as wary. He held Hank out and observed him as if he was waiting to hear Hank’s appeal to remain among the Hux family’s possessions. “Clover,” he said, under his breath. Hux had heard his mother’s first name so rarely and was so upset that it didn’t mean anything to him at the time. “He’s mine,” Hux said, hating how weak his voice sounded but unable to remain silent. “Please, she made him for me.” Brendol tucked Hank into his greatcoat and pulled a black handkerchief from the front pocket. He dried Hux’s face and nose and then stuffed the handkerchief back into his pocket. The absence of enraged disappointment on his face was so shocking that Hux’s tears stopped falling. “You look like her when you cry,” Brendol said, swiping his thumb at the corner of Hux’s eye when a half-shed tear beaded there. “Which is odd, because I don’t think she ever deigned to cry in front of me. I admired that about her.” “I’m sorry,” Hux said, not even sure what he was apologizing for. Crying, probably. He eyed the bump in his father’s coat where Hank was concealed. “See, I’ve got him,” Brendol said, patting Hank. He cleared his throat and stood. “Go wash your face before you’re seen in public. Your mother never even cried in front of me, did you hear that? You ought to be more like her.” From then on, Hux thought of this whenever something propelled him toward tears, though not much did after that. They landed on the planet, which then had a number instead of a name, and it was not lush and wet like Arkanis. It was dry, dirty, and there was no kitchen staff below the first floor of the Hux residence, no fresh bread for breakfast or cakes on birthdays. The food was much like what they’d eaten on the Superior for two years: rehydrated, bland sustenance. There were regular drills designed to prepare everyone to take cover in case of an attack. Hux’s first schoolroom was a makeshift bomb shelter, lacking windows and stocked with only a dozen children who were prone to keeping to themselves, keeping quiet, and keeping their heads down. Hux was teased sometimes for his hair and for his size, but only in whispers that he sneered at with a sense of pitying superiority, remembering the looks his mother had given Brendol when he’d tried to tease her. He was the smartest one in the class by far. Hank was never returned to him. In the early days, he thought of asking for him, but it seemed unwise to test the strange mercy Brendol had shown to Hank. Hux was afraid that a mention of him might make Brendol change his mind and throw him into the living room fire, if he hadn’t already. As long as Hux didn’t dare to ask, he could at least imagine that Hank still existed, hidden somewhere in the back of Brendol’s closet or at the bottom of a drawer. Sometimes he woke in the night so desperate for something to clutch at that he almost went mad enough to wander down to Brendol’s room and beg for Hank right then, but this period didn’t last long. He regularly dreamed of his mother, even as the details of her face faded from his memory, but more often he dreamed of the almost faceless doll she had given him. In these dreams, Hank was usually bigger than he actually had been, often the same size as Hux. There was something menacing about Hank at times, as if he represented a conquered enemy who might rise up and make Hux weak for the need to hold onto something again, but more often Hux would find him somewhere, lying on the ground in the rain or on top of a trash bin in a kitchen that didn’t exist on this planet, and he would shout with delight and scoop Hank into his arms, clean him up and dry him off, thrilling at the reunion and feeling as if he had regrown a lost limb. By the time he enrolled in the newly established Academy at age fourteen, resources were less scarce and life on the planet that had by then been named Venga was somewhat less austere and awful. Brendol gave Hux his own data pad as a present upon enrollment, and with it came certain limited data network searching capabilities. Hux had almost finished his first gruelling semester by the time he worked up the nerve to type Clover Arkanis into a network search. He didn’t know his mother’s surname or even if she’d used one. All that came up in his search were articles about a type of sweet-smelling weed with little white flowers: Arkanis Wild Clover. A common flower, invasive, and a nuisance when it manages to creep into a manicured garden . Face already blazing, he tried searching for Clover Hux and of course came up with nothing. Throughout his time at the Academy, Hux became the precise model of what Brendol had hoped he would be. He even gained weight, though not much. Growing to be as tall as his father helped him feel not so small, anyway. It was as if Brendol had stitched together a doll himself, made from Hux parts, and created therefrom the hollow but sturdy image of a perfect toy soldier. Hux laughed at himself for even thinking this, drunk with some classmates a few days before graduation. They were at a bar, and Mantel kept touching Hux’s leg under the table in a pretend-friendly way. He was wasted: Hux thought of fucking him, had thought about it before, but ended up passed out with his head on the table and carried back to the dorms by two cadets who drew a dick on his face while he slept. Mantel was in a similar state, and as far as Hux knew they both graduated the Academy as virgins, accepting commissions that would send them to opposite ends of the galaxy. Despite scrubbing at his face until his skin was raw, the dick was still somewhat visible on Hux’s cheek during graduation, something for which he wanted bloody revenge. He never got it, not entirely sure who the perpetrators were. He swore off drinking, pining, and pretending to have friends. “Have you any advice for me?” Hux asked when Brendol appeared in the doorway of his bedroom at the residence, watching Hux make the final adjustments to his lieutenant's uniform. Hux’s bags were packed and his shuttle was waiting. He didn’t intend to return to Venga or any other such backwater if he could help it, and thus was wondering if this would be the last time he saw Brendol. The prospect was making his throat tight, or maybe it was only that his uniform collar was too small. “You’re asking for advice now?” Brendol said, seeming to snap out of some sort of reverie. “Have I not already taught you everything I know?” Sad for him, Hux thought, if that’s true. And he knew that it was. It was generally assumed that Hux had gotten his intelligence from his father, but Hux hadn’t seen much evidence of there being anything but blind ambition in Brendol’s mind and had to assume it was some rogue thing in his mother’s wild, weedy genes that had set him above most of his peers. He turned and stared at Brendol, who was either awaiting a response or attempting to come up with some better parting words. “You’d be dead if I’d let her have you,” Brendol said. “Excuse me?” Hux almost laughed. Was the old man drunk? “Nothing-- Never mind. I only mean to say. Your formative years went as I’d planned for you. As we’d hoped.” We . Hux felt his upper lip twitch. He wanted to snarl at the thought that Brendol might be talking about himself and his mother, that woman Hux barely remembered. But probably he was talking about himself and the Empire, or the First Order, as they now called it. “Yes, well done,” Hux said, because Brendol seemed to be wanting some sort of congratulations for this. “Don’t be a smart arse, boy. You’re cocky, and that can turn around on you quick. See that it doesn’t. Nobody will be watching your back while you rise through the ranks out there.” Hux nodded. It wasn’t bad advice. He picked up his bag and went for the door, expecting Brendol to step out of the way. When he didn’t, instead reaching for Hux’s shoulders and holding them, Hux felt his face getting hot. He couldn’t remember the last time his father had laid a hand on him-- Probably to slap him for some backtalk when he was still dumb enough to dare it. “Your mother would be proud to see you like this,” Brendol said. “Your real mother.” He turned then and hurried away. Hux felt stuck in place, meanwhile, and thought suddenly of Hank, his old doll that frankly looked kind of demonic in his memories of it, but which had been the only image he’d had of anything resembling comfort for some years. The memories of his mother were fainter and more painful; he’d seen much more of Hank than he ever had of her. He suffered a sudden recollection of having sneaked into the kitchen late at night to find her still awake and working, and the way her face had lit up when she saw him there. He couldn’t remember her features, not even her eye color, but he remembered the feeling he’d had then, like he’d done something amazing and brilliant just by showing up. Leaving the house that day, he wondered for the first time in a very long while if his father still had that thing somewhere: that doll with the button eyes and the cotton poking out of his ripped right shoulder. Surely not, he thought, keeping his gaze pointed forward as he hurried from the residence. And what would it matter if he did? ** The intervening years: work, carefully executed sabotage, only the wisest betrayals enacted, commendations and promotions resulting therefrom. The occasional holo call with Brendol, who was getting fat again. Strange dreams about a weapon that could suck up an entire sun and spit it back out as unmatched hellfire that would annihilate his enemies before they could even make sense of what was coming for them. An inability to sleep that he embraced. The disappointing loss of his virginity at a spaceport brothel, to a man he later decided could have only been half-human. This followed by disappointing visits to other brothels, culminating mostly in paranoid and embarrassing tests and retests in medbay. A developing obsession with cleanliness that worried him when he knew it approached irrational levels. Moderately successful attempts to embrace celibacy. Continued consumption of bland, rehydrated sustenance for every meal, even as he rose steadily through the ranks. On the rare occasion that he heard his first name it seemed alien, like something that had belonged to a person who had died, a thing he had inherited and didn’t use but kept in a box under his bed out of respect for the dead. He initially planned to oppose Snoke’s mysteriously veiled rise to power, but further research led him to believe that the smarter move would be to ally with Snoke at the right time, just as others were underestimating him and his devotion to religious mysticism. Hux came to appreciate the misdirecting theater of it, as it had clearly allowed Snoke to get this far, and it indicated an intelligent sort of manipulation of the system, a way to slip through the cracks and rise like unseen smoke as you were laughed at for indulging monks. Still, Snoke unnerved him even via holo call, and when Hux was invited to have a secret audience with him he was deeply nervous for the first time since that initial brothel visit. He told himself it was only because of the unsanctioned secrecy of the meeting, not because he was afraid Snoke was going to work some crotchety old magic on him once he arrived at the man’s dwelling place. Hux didn’t believe any of the magic elements that Snoke threatened actually existed; that was certainly all for show. He was eager to be brought into the fold but aware that he might have to play along for now if Snoke attempted to intimidate him with that nonsense. Under the guise of taking an overdue shore leave, LTG Hux booked a shuttle that he would pilot himself and set the coordinates that Snoke had given him after cloaking the craft. It wasn’t unusual for superior officers to cloak their shuttles while on leave; plenty did so to get away with cheating on their spouses or to discreetly visit brothels. The planet where Snoke awaited didn’t have a name, and according the readings Hux picked up as he approached, it also didn’t have much in the way of civilization. It was swampy, battered with constant rain. Hux had dressed for the weather. He was not unaccustomed to such conditions, though his memories of Arkanis felt by then as if they belonged to some other lifetime. His default mental image of any planet still involved merciless rainfall and gray skies. Upon landing, he found himself alone on a stone plateau that was slippery with rain and moss. Snoke had said a party would come to meet him, but they must have been delayed. Hux waited aboard the shuttle and had nearly nodded off in the pilot’s seat by the time the shuttle’s console beeped a warning about approaching lifeforms. He squinted at the shuttle’s front viewport, trying to make sense of what he thought he was seeing. He wiped at his eyes and reared back against the seat as the group that was coming toward him drew closer. A dream, he thought, rubbing his eyes again. It had to be a dream. He’d had some like this before. It was that old toy of his, Hank , perhaps ten or twelve Hanks coming for him, life-sized and menacing. He feared next that Snoke truly was capable of enacting some awful magic on him, because he was awake, moving uncertainly toward the shuttle’s bay door, and the Hanks were still there, still approaching. Hux kept his hand near to his blaster on his belt as he walked down the lowering ramp and watched the horrifying assemblage of Hank-like creatures lurching toward him through the rain. They wore black from head to toe, and something about this seemed not just like clothing, though he could see as they drew closer that it was only that: hoods, capes, tunics, pants and boots, all jet-black and rough-looking, and somehow this attire itself was as threatening as the weapons that some of them shouldered, blunt-looking things like clubs. Worst of all was that none of them had faces. Where there should have been features there were only masks. The biggest of these figures had a mask with silver finishings and carried no club-like weapon, though Hux saw a flash of what looked like a knife hilt at its belt. The thing walked forward, hulking, and stood before Hux, not much taller but enormous in presence. When this beastly menace cocked its head like a curious ospri bird Hux almost let out a mad, anxious laugh. “Come,” it said, speaking through a vocoder that prevented Hux from judging what species it might be. “Follow us.” “You’re with Snoke?” Hux said, perhaps unwisely, when the thing had turned toward its grim company. It turned back to him and stared for a moment before walking on without answering. Such was his introduction to Kylo Ren, as Snoke would refer to him during their initial meeting, during which Snoke terrified Hux by revealing that he knew of his plans for the sun-sucking weapon, flattered him with icy praise that crawled over Hux’s skin like gooseflesh rising, and promised to make him General of the Order’s most important ship before the year was out. “Kylo Ren will collect you when all is in place,” Snoke said. His voice was an even weaker rasp in person, and he spoke with a hood mostly covering his gnarled face. Hux nodded briskly and resisted the urge to turn and look at Ren, who had been standing behind him throughout this entire meeting, by the door. “In the meantime, continue with your plans for the weapon,” Snoke said. “You may now introduce the idea to your superior without fear that he will steal it from you. He will be of no consequence soon. When Ren brings you to the Finalizer he shall ensure that you are installed as General, and myself as Supreme Leader.” What the hell does that ghoul have to say about my rank or yours, Hux thought, and then he mentally censured himself. Snoke must have been spying on him in more mundane ways to get access to his plans for the weapon, but within the dark, dripping cavern where this meeting took place it was suddenly easy to imagine that Snoke had simply ‘looked into’ Hux’s mind as he’d claimed. Ren alone took Hux back to his shuttle. They walked through the rain in silence, until Hux began to feel embarrassed by how intimidated he was by Ren. Snoke had just promised that Hux was essential, that his weapon was inspired and that only he could properly bring it to life. Ren was just a thug. “Where are your friends?” Hux asked. Ren turned to him, said nothing and kept walking. His stride was difficult to keep up with, and when Hux slipped on some moss he regrettably gasped aloud at the feeling of being caught in mid-fall by Ren, whose grip felt surreal, as if he’d wrapped both arms around Hux’s chest to keep him from face-planting. Hux decided he must have long ago forgotten what being wrapped in anybody’s arms actually felt like, because when he looked over he saw that Ren had only grabbed his bicep to haul him up. “Careful,” Ren said, and suddenly Hux was sure that he was human. He was both perturbed and relieved by this surety, the first of many contradictory feelings he would have about Ren. They walked the rest of the way in silence. Hux felt hot inside his uniform, despite the chill of the rain. He also felt doomed already, but he dismissed this as best he could. “You’ll be in touch, I suppose?” Hux said when Ren had walked him to his shuttle’s ramp. “Indeed,” Ren said, and then he walked back the way they’d come. Aboard the shuttle, Hux realized he was shaking. He told himself it was only the rain and began peeling off wet clothes, not wanting to catch an inconvenient cold. There was no time for that; there was much to be done. He had two days of shore leave remaining, and he spent them in a drab room on an anonymous spaceport, improving upon his plans for the weapon and taking perhaps too many breaks to furiously masturbate. His dreams were stranger than ever, alarmingly so: a combination of the old Hank-finding dreams and new ones involving Kylo Ren, who in one dream waited in Hux’s bed like a doll, clad in all black and hidden behind his mask. “Can you speak?” Hux asked him in this dream, standing over the bed. Kylo Ren responded by flinging the sheet away to reveal the one flesh-colored part of himself: an enormous and very hard cock that seemed to invite Hux to ride. Hux woke up laughing, though he supposed it wasn’t really that funny. He reached for his cock, which was already chafed from several days worth of his own attention, and decided that he had probably finally risked too much, getting involved with these freaks. And yet he wanked himself with abandon, feeling more alive than he had in perhaps twenty years. ** Throughout this period in his life, Hux came to realize that what he’d previously viewed as his self-confidence had been more like resigned indifference. Beginning to feel truly confident, propelled by a singular destiny, special , was exhilarating and new to him. The closest he could recall to feeling this way had to do with showing up in a dark kitchen and being found by his mother. He tried not to fixate on the fact that the immediate follow-up to that experience had been a scolding from both her and Brendol that had made him feel like shit. But of course this was very different from that: it was dangerous, frightening at times, but indicative of his actual brilliance and therefore worth the risk. Even Brendol couldn’t pretend that Hux hadn’t exceeded his expectations during their now-regular holo calls. Hux began to look forward to them, and to the almost admiring tone that the old man took with him now. Hux far outranked him, after all. Snoke too plied Hux with dry but seemingly sincere praise as Starkiller Base came closer and closer to becoming a reality, especially after a frosty planet that would suit its requirements was found at last. Found, Hux was told, by the mystical powers of Kylo Ren, who was the only person aboard the Finalizer and, it sometimes seemed, in the entire First Order-controlled galaxy, who did not respect Hux as he should have. Ren came and went as he pleased or according to Snoke’s commands. Hux couldn't tell which it was and suspected it was a combination of the two. He could no longer deny that Ren had significant powers, though he still wouldn’t admit that they were magical in origin. Perhaps Snoke and Ren had simply devised some sort of weapon that could issue attacks with an invisible energy that was strong enough to lift Hux’s officers into the air by their necks when they annoyed Ren with such grave trespasses as being in his way as he stomped through the halls or obeying their General by conveying his orders to Ren. For the sake of protecting his oft-harassed inferior officers, Hux eventually gave up on avoiding Ren and went to him personally to conference on matters that affected the both of them. It was awkward for Hux because the sex dreams about Ren had never stopped and had in fact intensified since his promotion to General, and also because, while Hux didn’t believe in magic, Ren could at least convincingly fake an ability to read minds. He always seemed to be smirking at Hux from behind that mask. It was evident in his tone, even through the vocoder. He loved pointing out when Hux was flushed across his cheeks, and once in Ren’s presence Hux had been sure that he felt some ghostly pressure on his peaked nipples, beneath his tunic. When he skipped dinner that evening to jerk off to the memory he felt paranoid that someone was watching him, and then jerked off again to the thought of Ren cloaking himself in magic and creeping into Hux’s room to watch him fist his cock and to touch himself in tandem under those heavy robes. All this worsened approximately a year into their tensely negotiated co-command of the Finalizer , when Hux finally saw Ren’s face. “Who is that?” Hux asked, seated on the risers in the officer’s gymnasium and watching some bulky man with massive bare arms and very not-regulation hair whirling a wooden staff around at the other end of the court, fighting invisible enemies. Hux thought perhaps he could smell the man’s sweat even from across the large and well-ventilated room. “You’re asking me?” Commander Buckley said while Hux continued staring. “I’ve got no idea. I assumed he was one of Snoke’s warrior monks, considering the hair.” “Mhm.” Hux knew it was Kylo Ren. He’d known even as he asked, and that Buckley wouldn’t be the one who told him so. It was something he felt across his skin, the same tightening sensation he got when Ren used that smirking vocoder voice to tell Hux that he’d noticed the pink flush that spread across his cheeks as Ren leaned back in whatever chair he’d apprehended and spread his ridiculously long legs as lewdly as he could. Ren turned, his hair slashed across his face so that Hux couldn’t get a good look at first. Then, as if indulging Hux, Ren swept his hair aside to reveal a startlingly human face. He was neither ugly nor beautiful; Hux had feared both, but now he realized he should have been more afraid of this. In all his dreams about Ren where he stayed hidden behind the mask or took it off to reveal a flat plane of black fabric with horrible button eyes, Hux had always taken comfort in how surreal his attraction to Ren was, but this glimpse of him was different, undeniably real. Their eyes had locked, and Ren’s were very dark and alive. He was breathing hard from his exercises, chest heaving beneath his sweat-stuck black tank. Hux was breathing perhaps more heavily than he ought to have been himself. “He’s looking at you,” Buckley said needlessly. Hux had to restrain himself from smacking Buckley the way that Brendol would have whacked him for saying something so stupid, obvious and embarrassing. Construction had begun on Starkiller Base and Hux was busier than ever, under more pressure than he’d ever endured in his relentless pressure-cooker life, and he did not have time for what felt like a feverish infection of fascination that Ren had tossed over him like a net. It slowed Hux’s steps, crowded his mind and dragged him out of his strictly regimented sleep to roll over and thrust against his mattress pathetically after intense sex dreams. At least in the dreams Ren was still masked or faceless, though now whenever Hux encountered Ren in his waking hours he felt like he could see straight through the mask: that too-human nose and those accusing eyes, those fucking lips . This knowledge of what lay beneath the disguise didn’t feel like something he had on Ren. Somehow it was like a thing Ren had on him , that Hux knew what Ren’s face looked like. Hux was coming close to outright asking Ren to fuck him, for the sake of the Order and the success of Starkiller Base and his own sanity, when his Ren-fever broke against the news that Brendol had died in his sleep on Arkanis, where he had returned to rebuild his first Academy after the last of the New Republic scum had been chased away from the planet. Hux made funeral arrangements from aboard the ship and put in for the first shore leave he’d bothered to take since his initial meeting with Snoke. Still numb after doing so, he called Ren to his office and only half expected him to actually show. There was never any telling if Ren would deign to honor Hux’s requests or not; it seemed to depend entirely on his mood. Ren not only showed up but arrived precisely when Hux had asked him to, a phenomenon so startling and unexpected that Hux had to wonder for a moment if this was a dream and if it had begun before or after he received the condolence holo about Brendol’s death. Then Ren slopped himself down into one of the chairs across from Hux’s desk, and though his legs weren’t as brazenly spread as usual, the tightening heat across the back of Hux’s neck assured him that he was actually awake and Ren was really here. “Your father died,” Ren said. It was possibly the stupidest-sounding statement he’d ever uttered through the mask. “Who told you?” Hux asked, elbows on his desk. His posture was bad and his mind felt disorganized; he’d skipped his sleep cycle to make all the arrangements. “The Force,” Ren said. “Excuse me?” “I sensed your distress through the Force.” “I’m not-- Never mind. I called you here to inform you that I will be on Arkanis for the next three cycles in observance of the funeral and so forth. Commander Triton will have the bridge, and you’re to show her--” Hux hesitated to say ‘all the respect you would show to me,’ because that was often exactly none. “Proper respect,” he said, teeth grit. He’d have a drink as soon as he was planetside, he decided. Some occasions called for it, and Brendol would certainly have something on hand. Hux would be staying at his residence. “No,” Ren said. “No?” Hux echoed, too tired to even get very angry. “I won’t be staying onboard,” Ren said. “Snoke ordered me to accompany you.” “I-- What? Why?” “You’re a vulnerable target, you can’t go alone to a planet like Arkanis. It’s First Order-controlled now, but just. It’s not secure enough. You need security detail.” “I’ll take stormtroopers, if he insists--” “He insists that I go. He trusts only me with his--” Ren seemed to sneer from behind the mask. “Chief Engineer.” “I’m the General of this ship. That is my actual rank, as you know.” “That title is of little consequence to Snoke. He prizes you for the design of the weapon. You need to be alive when it’s complete. So I’m going with you on this mission. There will be no discussion, unless you wish to anger Supreme Leader.” “It’s not a mission,” Hux said, staring at the surface of his desk. He longed to put his heavy head down upon it, or perhaps to bang his forehead against it. “You know what I meant,” Ren said, and he stood. “Be prepared to leave in two hours.” “I-- I know that! I’m the one who set the schedule!” “There’s no need to shout, General. Though I suppose you are grieving. You should try to sleep before we depart.” Hux stared at the door when Ren had gone. The worst bit of it was that now he did want to sleep, but if he did he would be obeying what felt like an order from Ren. No, he thought, resting his head on the desk and closing his burning eyes. The worst bit was that Ren would be there with him on Arkanis, at Brendol’s fucking funeral, and that just the name of that planet made Hux’s hands shake and his heart squeeze up like a mushy sea creature retreating into its shell. Two hours later, Hux was still asleep on his desk. He was awakened rudely by Ren, who shook him in a way that stabbed at a terrible ache in his neck. “Sorry,” Ren said, staring down at him. “But it’s time to go.” “Don’t fucking apologize to me,” Hux said, snarling. He was in a thoroughly more rotten mood after inadvertently following Ren’s suggestion to take an unsatisfying nap. He followed Ren to the shuttle, glowering at everyone and everything on the way there. At least he couldn’t be accused of having a cold non-reaction to his father’s death, which still didn’t feel real. It was clear on his face that he was hating life as he boarded the shuttle with Ren. Mercifully, Ren said nothing on the short trip down to the planet. Hux stared out the side viewport as they approached, his stomach twisting itself into knots. The location of Brendol’s rebuilt Academy wasn’t far from the ruins of the city where Hux had been born and where his mother likely lay in an unmarked, blast-scorched grave. He didn’t want to go there, to see it. And yet he felt sure that he would before he returned to the Finalizer . “Have you got parents?” he asked Ren when the shuttle began to shake slightly upon entering the planet’s cloud-covered, rain-soaked atmosphere. “No,” Ren said. Hux sniffed and shook his head, unsurprised by that answer and willing to accept it as fact. Ren was a kind of demon that Snoke had crafted from miscellaneous reanimated human parts, perhaps. It would explain his disarmingly incongruous face. Hux could only hope that Ren would leave the mask and helmet on for the duration of this trip. Another glimpse at that face was the last thing he needed. They were met at the shuttleport by Brendol’s colleague Slotkin, who would inherit Brendol’s title of Commandant of the new Academy. He claimed to remember Hux as a youth and made a gesture to indicate an approximation of Hux’s height at that time. Hux didn’t remember him, and both he and Ren gave Slotkin an unfriendly stare, Ren from behind the mask. Slotkin seemed appropriately chastened and didn’t say much else on the way to Brendol’s residence, which was in a block of residences that was almost identical to the one Hux had been whisked from twenty-seven years ago in the dead of night, with incoming-attack alarms blaring. Old Imperial architecture was still in style here, of course. Hux’s legs felt wobbly when he got out of the shuttle, and he was glad for the cold blast of rain that steadied him. His thumbprint activated the front door of Brendol’s quarters, though he had never visited. Hux pushed aside some kind of guilty wistful thing that wanted to bloom in his chest as he walked into the dark front foyer, Ren following. He tried the lights and wasn’t surprised to see that they weren’t currently functioning. Since moving back here, Brendol had often complained about the rolling blackouts that had plagued the region since the Republic was driven out. “I’ve got to go through all his data files,” Hux said, turning to Ren, as there was no one else to address and Ren’s silence had begun to feel eerie, now that they were in the house where Brendol had died. “And there’s no power,” Hux added sharply. “So that’s fantastic.” “It will come back on before nightfall,” Ren said. “How could you possibly know that.” Ren didn’t answer, and Hux knew what he would have said anyway. The Force. Those two words had not-answered too many of Hux’s questions for the past year and a half. When Ren set off walking through the house’s rooms as if he owned the place, Hux followed, for lack of anything better to do and to make sure that Ren didn’t steal anything. The sight of the ground-level kitchen was odd and discomforting, though Hux supposed Brendol only needed something so basic and that the old ways of human servants were long past. He had wondered since Brendol had moved back if he had gone looking for any clues as to Clove’s fate, but hadn’t dared to ask and wasn’t sure how even Brendol would undertake such a search. He watched listlessly as Ren rooted through the conservator and pulled out several items, sniffing them before replacing them. “You can smell things through that mask?” Hux asked, leaning in the doorway. The darkness and the rain were making him feel very tired, too tired to even complain that Ren was rifling through his late father’s groceries. Somebody might as well eat them, especially with the power out for who knew how long. “I can do plenty of things through this mask,” Ren said. He reached up, and Hux’s breath stuttered when he heard the clasps on the thing releasing. Hux straightened up and felt as if he was preparing for a fight as he watched Ren pull the entire helmet off, mask and all. “Can’t eat with it on, though,” Ren said, tossing his hair back and setting the helmet on the kitchen table. Hux had forgotten about the dark spots on Ren’s face. They should have been unappealing, like the rest of him. Ren reached into the conservator again and took out a bunch of grapes. He popped one in his mouth and then threw one at Hux, who was still in bleary delayed-reaction mode. Ren laughed under his breath when the grape bounced off of Hux’s cheek and landed on the floor. “You’re supposed to be guarding me,” Hux said. “Not making a goddamn mess here like you do everywhere.” He picked up the grape and whipped it back at Ren. Disgustingly, Ren caught it in his mouth, chewed and swallowed. “Who’s that?” Ren asked before Hux could make a comment about what a pig he was. The hair on Hux’s neck stood up when he sensed someone standing behind him. This whole planet was full of ghosts, and he was here with a fucking mystic who didn’t seem very concerned as he pointed over Hux’s shoulder at whichever one was creeping closer. Hux whirled around and shouted when Maratelle shrieked, lifting the heavy candlestick she was holding as if to strike him with it. “Armitage?” Maratelle said, eyes wide and ringed with melted black makeup. She lowered the candlestick slowly, gaping at him and then at Ren. “What are you doing here? Who is this man?” “What are you doing here?” Hux asked, scowling. He’d been under the impression that Maratelle and Brendol were ‘comfortably estranged’ at best. “Brendol is dead,” Maratelle said, leveling this at Hux like an insult. He could still hear you little bastard after everything she said. “I’m aware,” Hux said evenly. He was pleased when Ren walked forward to stand at his side, and by the fact that Ren was still eating grapes, and that he had left the conservator’s door hanging open. “That would be why I’m here,” Hux said, pronouncing each word slowly, since Maratelle was being rather slow. “Well, you didn’t get in touch with me. This is my home, too. Legally.” “I’m not here to take it from you.” Hux scoffed. As if a General of the First Order would care about such a thing. “I only need a place to sleep while I put his affairs here in order and attend the funeral.” “You can use Brendol’s room,” Maratelle said. “I’ve already set up my things in the guest room.” She eyed Ren. “I assume your gentleman friend doesn’t mind sharing a bed with you.” “I’ve no need of a bed,” Ren said before Hux could bite her head off for the suggestion. “I’m his bodyguard.” Maratelle looked Ren over, raised her eyebrows and turned to go, still bearing the candlestick. “Thanks for the warm condolences, by the way,” Hux said, freezing her in place. “It’s not as if he was my father or anything.” “Oh, yes, Armitage, and thank you for yours. It’s not as if I was his wife.” “By mere technicality.” “Hmm, well, I might say the same applies to his bastard. Please keep quiet down here, I’m very upset and would like to get some sleep.” Hux boiled with rage, watching her go. He’d had thinly concealed anger problems as a boy and hadn’t felt anything so unstoppable building in his burning chest since then. When he felt Ren’s hand on his shoulder like an admonishment, like someone saying, steady, boy , he turned to snarl at him. “She’s a real piece of work,” Ren said. “You have a grape skin stuck in your teeth, all-seeing one,” Hux said, and he shoved Ren’s hand away. “I’m going up to my father’s room. Do your bodyguarding however you wish, but stay out of my way.” For the second time in one cycle, Ren did as Hux asked. Hux had to assume he was being given special consideration because of his grief, but the grief had not yet hit him. Even closed up alone in Brendol’s room, examining the place by candlelight, he could not conceive of the fact that there would never be another holo call from the old man. The room was, as Hux had expected, a near replica of the one that Brendol had in their original house on Arkanis, though less grand in scale. It was as if he was trying to recreate that time in his life, Hux thought, and he rolled his eyes wondering if there was another Hux-sired bastard on Arkanis these days, ready to pop out of the woodwork at the funeral and demand credits for his silence or some dramatic bullshit such as that. Brendol’s indulgent streak had been significant. Hence the clogged arteries and untimely demise. Hux sat on the end of the bed and listened for any hints of Maratelle weeping, the power clicking back on, or Ren starting a fire on the ground level. He heard nothing but the rain, and felt the first staticky pricks of real grief creeping in when he realized that he recognized the smell in this room like something almost as familiar as the scent of his own environs: Brendol, that was the general smell of Brendol, pomade and aftershave with a splash of brandy, gaberwool and butter and a hint of something indistinct that Hux couldn’t name. He wondered what Arkanis wild clover smelled like. Probably like damp rain rot, like everything else on this bloody planet. He fell asleep on the bed without meaning to and woke when the power came back on. It was very dark outside and the house was still silent, which seemed like not such a good thing suddenly. Hux roused himself, though he wanted to go on sleeping. He heard and felt his stomach growling. He was thirsty, too. Ren’s whereabouts concerned him. With the lights on, and with no guarantee that they would stay on for long, he decided to make a first pass at going through Brendol’s things before searching for Ren and finding something to eat. He started with Brendol’s bureau drawers, making a pile to donate to the Gen Corps and another much smaller pile of things he wanted for himself. There was an old-fashioned watch that had been in the family for ages, Hux remembered Brendol saying. Holding it, he had a hard time believing that he, the bastard, was all that was left of said family. He didn’t suppose he’d ever have any children of his own. He’d never had an attraction to women that involved anything below the neckline, and the idea of having any sort of family, in his position, was laughable. “So I’m the end of the line,” he said to the watch-- Meanly, for some reason. Like he was mad at the thing. “But what a glorious end it will be,” he added. He felt stupid then and put the watch down to continue with his clearing-out work. The closet was messier than he expected and the dust set off his anxiety about touching unclean things. He was preparing to give up and go in search of food when he found a box at the very bottom of the left side of the closet, buried under a pile of old coats that Brendol’s girth had outgrown over the years. Hux recognized the one on the very bottom as the greatcoat Brendol had worn aboard the Superior , already snug in those days. Holding it, Hux knew what he would find in the box. That moment when Brendol had slipped his wibbling son’s doll into this coat rather than ripping its head off in front of him was still one of the most shocking experiences of Hux’s entire life, and he had since met men who claimed to be wizards and had seemed to read his mind. He almost hoped the lights would go off again before he could look inside the box. It was as if the thing contained a dead body-- His dead body, the dead Armitage he’d thought he kept hidden at the bottom of his own neglected things. But it was just the doll, as he’d expected when he saw the coat bunched intentionally over the box’s lid. Hank was smaller than Hux remembered, and his shoulder still needed repairing, though there was obviously no point in doing so now. I don’t know what I’m meant to do with him . Hux winced, never having been able to forget the vivid memory of saying something cruel to his mother on the last day he ever saw her. Hank never had a point, really, beyond infusing Hux with weird feelings about men clad all in black who had no faces. He brushed his fingers over Hank’s puffy chest and his button eyes, which were no longer shiny but still sad-looking. There were other things in the box. Hux sat with Hank in his lap and reached for them with shaking fingers. A handwritten recipe card for cinnamon cake. A yellowing handkerchief with a faded lipstick print that had all but crumbled away to dust. Dried flowers that had turned to browned, shriveled things. And an old holo locket, the kind that was popular during the war. Hux held it in his hand for a long time. He shut the closet door, closing himself inside with the dust and the too-heavy scent of his father’s things, blocking out the light from the room. He knew something of what would be captured within this locket, if it still worked. For that reason he was afraid to open it: afraid that it wouldn’t power on, afraid that it would. He opened it, sorry to see that it was the cheap black and white kind. But this disappointment only lasted for a moment as the first image came blinking into focus. A girl of about sixteen in a simple dress, her long hair loose about her shoulders and a ribbon tied around her waist to show how narrow it was, as was the style back then. The rest of her was not so narrow, and her face was beautiful. It didn’t exactly fit with the few memories Hux had scraped together from almost nothing, but it was her, he recognized her at once. Clove, Clover, the kitchen girl. His mother. It took him a moment to focus on the audio, but on the third go round he’d gotten it all. “Don’t laugh,” Clove said, looking in the direction of the recorder. She was smiling but self-conscious, smoothing her hands over her skirt. “Is it on yet? Should I talk?” “Didn’t you just?” That was Brendol, much younger than Hux had ever heard him sounding. “I said not to laugh!” Clove looked sincerely furious for a moment, and Hux’s heart hammered when he remembered that look, that night in the kitchen, when she realized he’d come alone. “I’m not laughing!” said Brendol, though he was, jostling the recorder as he did. “You’re hearing things.” “You’re a shithead.” “Oh, good!” Brendol raced into the shot and pulled Clove into a kind of swaying hug that made her smile again, though she was also hitting him. Brendol was maybe eighteen, wearing his lieutenant's uniform and looking more handsome and fit than he ever would again. “I’ll want this precious recording of you calling me a shithead when I’m freezing and under fire in some rebel fortress backwater.” Brendol smirked at the recorder as if telling his future self a joke, finding himself very clever. “That’s the real me you’ll have with you, at least,” Clove said. “The one and only.” Brendol put one hand on Clove’s waist, lifted her other hand and spun her in a clumsy dancing circle before kissing her. She smiled again and tilted her head, looking at him as if he was a shithead who at least belonged to her. Then the recording ended, restarted. Hux wasn’t sure how long he sat in the closet with the recorder playing over and over in his hand, and then snapped shut and silent for a while. When he emerged the power had gone out again and Ren was standing in the middle of the room with a lit candle in one hand and a bottle of brandy in the other. “Did you kill Maratelle for that?” Hux asked when he noticed the candlestick supporting the stubby candle Ren had found. “Who’s Maratelle?” “Aren’t you a psychic or whatever? Or can’t you even put one and two together?” “Oh, the-- Right. I didn’t kill her. What’s that.” Hux looked down and saw to his horror that while he had left all of the other effects having to do with his mother packed neatly back into that box, he was holding Hank in his hand. “Nothing,” Hux said, hurriedly turning and tossing Hank back into the closet before shutting the door again. He felt guilty after doing it, as if he had rejected one shadowy figure for another, throwing over the trustworthy one in favor of Ren, the constant thorn in his side. “Did you find anything to eat?” Hux asked. “Or are we having that brandy for dinner?” “I’m not having any brandy. I thought you might-- There’s food here.” Ren set the candle on the table against the wall across from the bed, where he’d laid out some things he’d scavenged from the conservator: more grapes, cured meat and a couple of oily-looking spreads. There was bread, rather stale and hard to tear by hand. Hux ate while standing, glancing over at Ren periodically. Ren was staring in his usual uncouth way. It was far more obvious without the mask, but for some reason less annoying. “How long were you standing out here?” Hux asked. “I didn’t put a timer on it. A while. Since before the power went out again.” “Spying on me?” “No. I didn’t want to interrupt.” “Ha. So you know what I was doing?” Ren hesitated. “Yes,” he said when Hux looked up at him again. “How would you describe it, then? Go on. Let’s hear proof that you can see through walls.” “You were remembering your mother.” Lucky guess, Hux thought, though it didn’t feel that way. He felt his face getting hot and hoped Ren wouldn’t sense it in the dark. He’d begun to hope more than believe that Ren couldn’t actually sense such things. “Did you bring up a glass or am I meant to drink from the bottle?” Hux asked, reaching for the brandy. Ren produced a glass, drawing it into his hand from the table so quickly that it seemed as if he’d conjured it from thin air. Hux scoffed and waited to be unnerved or at least annoyed. He was something more like charmed, which was worse. He took the glass and poured himself a generous, Father-is-dead sized helping. “None for you?” Hux said. Ren shook his head. “I don’t drink.” “I don’t normally either, but-- Circumstances.” “Go ahead,” Ren said. Hux glared at him, suspecting ulterior motives. He gulped from the glass anyway, and coughed as discreetly as he could. It had been a while. “Where are you from?” Hux asked after he’d finished the first glass and poured himself another. “All over,” Ren said. “What does that even mean?” Hux groaned and grabbed the brandy bottle by the neck, carrying it to the bed along with his refilled glass. “You know what, never mind. I should just stop trying to ask you questions, shouldn’t I?” Ren of course didn’t answer. But he did sit on the end of the bed to watch Hux drink. Hux leaned back against Brendol’s headboard and narrowed his eyes, already emboldened. “So you don’t drink,” he said. “Is that Snoke’s rule or yours?” “It’s bigger than that.” “Oh, of course. As big as the Force?” “It’s to do with maintaining control.” “And yet you advocate that I lose control, by bringing me libations. Is that because I’m a lesser being than you and the Supreme Leader? So I might as well wallow?” “I just sensed that you wanted it.” “So you were sent here to take care of me? Snoke is that concerned about my feelings ?” Hux scoffed and drank more. He could feel himself going off the rails already but didn’t care. Maybe there was something to the way Brendol had lived, even if it had cut his life short. Hux hadn’t just been remembering his mother when he watched that holo over and over. He’d never known her like that anyway, nor Brendol. He’d been marveling at something he’d never known not just from them but for himself. What it must be like, he’d thought, to feel that way for someone and to cherish it even after it’s been smashed to hell, to look back on it as if it was worth something, or everything. “What are you really?” Hux asked when he’d finished his second drink. “Are you even human?” “You know I’m human,” Ren said. “You’ve known that since the fourth word I ever spoke to you.” Hux opened his mouth to respond, then caught on that Ren had counted the words since their first meeting and still knew the number that had been exchanged before Hux’s odd certainty that his escort across that swampy planet was human. Unless of course he was bluffing. But four words sounded about right, to Hux’s recollection. “And why do you suppose that is?” Hux asked, squinting. He hoped the power wouldn’t come back on. He liked this darkness, and the way Ren was sitting there with hunched shoulders, like a sulky kid in an oversized man’s body. “Hmm?” Hux said, stretching his leg out toward Ren when he just sat there brooding, not looking at Hux. “Why do you think a lowly, not Force-using person like me knew you were human that quickly?” “I don’t know,” Ren confessed. It seemed sincere. Hux thought of pouring himself more to drink, but there was something he wanted more. He put his glass on Brendol’s bedside table, noticing only then that there was an unwashed glass with a sticky ring of what looked like brandy residue around the bottom already there. Here’s to you, Father, he thought, lifting his empty glass to click it against Brendol’s. Here’s to following your dick through life, seeing as I wouldn’t exist if you hadn’t. “You can’t drink,” Hux said, slowly, when he turned back to Ren. “Does that mean you also can’t fuck?” “I can do both,” Ren said-- defensively? Hux withheld a laugh. “I just choose not to. Drink.” “Oh. So fucking is--” “I haven’t in about ten years.” “Me either,” Hux said, sitting forward in a way that probably looked desperate already. It hadn’t actually been that long for him, but it also felt like he’d never really done anything remotely like what he wanted Ren to do to him. Ren reached for him. It seemed to take ages for his big, gloved hand to finally rest upon Hux’s ankle. They were staring at each other, pretending to just now be sizing each other up. As if they hadn’t been doing that since they met. “I just need--” Hux heard himself saying, and he bit the rest off. “I know what you need.” Ren squeezed his ankle hard, then dragged him forward by it. Hux was suddenly on his back in the middle of his father’s bed, and Ren was leaning over him, covering him like an eclipse. He grabbed Hux’s chin and tilted his head back, bent down and licked his neck like a threat, like he might tear his teeth into the tenderest meat of Hux’s throat next. Hux moaned. He hoped Maratelle would hear. “It’s like nothing matters,” Hux said, not even sure what the fuck he was talking about, his legs spreading as Ren yanked his uniform shirt out of its regulation tuck-in and pushed his hand up over his shivering belly, up to his chest. “Everything matters,” Ren said, growling this against Hux’s jaw. “You fucking--” Hux said, but Ren kissed him before he could voice whatever half-formed insult he’d had in mind. Hux had never been kissed on the mouth before. He wasn’t sure that it was always like being steam-rolled and buried in the earth and wanting to sink deeper, or if that was just what it was like with Ren. “You’re like the ripest fruit on the saddest tree,” Ren said, growling this against Hux’s wet lips as if he was angry about it. “What the fuck,” Hux said, laughing hard, then harder when Ren ripped his uniform shirt open with both hands, scattering buttons. Is this what it’s like, Hux wondered, wrapping his arms around Ren’s neck and again trying to keep up with the way he kissed, which was like a confection of perfect bruising pain wrapped in so much pleasure that it didn’t actually hurt. Is this it, he thought, laughing against Ren’s devouring mouth, because being drunk had never felt this good before, but every burning look from Ren when Hux was otherwise depressingly sober had come close. Being undressed by Ren’s impatient, still-gloved hands felt like having a layer of itchy and useless skin peeled away. Hux was remade by his nakedness, freed of some burden. He arched like a whore and licked his lips as he watched Ren tear his own clothes off by candlelight. “Could you read my mind?” Hux asked when Ren swooped back down over him again, cloaked in nothing now but somehow still shadowy, even as he pushed the fringe back from Hux’s forehead and breathed against his face. “Did you know?” Hux asked, writhing up against him. “Have you thought it was funny, all this time, how much I want you inside me?” “Not funny,” Ren said. His sad eyes made Hux think of Hank, discarded upon a pile of Brendol’s old coats in the closet. “Do you always get your marks to confess their secrets like this?” Hux tried not to lean into the feeling of Ren’s thumb stroking across his forehead, failed. “By-- By telling them you can read their minds anyway?” “You’re not my mark.” “Then what the fuck am I?” “Let me show you,” Ren said, and then suddenly something was crashing out of Brendol’s attached washroom, sailing through the air. Before this evening, Hux would not have endorsed the idea that one could be shown who one was by having someone’s slick fingers pushed into them to ready them for a particularly big cock that was dragging eagerly across their left knee. He had experienced this physical sensation before, more or less, with whores. But Ren’s touch was different, his breath and his skin and mouth were different, everything about him was like nothing Hux could have anticipated wanting, and once he let himself have it he did feel transformed, his back arching in ways he’d not thought his spine capable of, his heart nearly falling out of his chest in the process. “Fuck, you’re ready,” Ren kept saying, right in Hux’s ear, but still he would not slide in. Hux had come all over himself after being teased open with three fingers, played with in some secret mystic way that had lit off explosions inside him when Ren curled those fingers just right, and he’d been sucked on everywhere: his nipples, cock, neck, the insides of his elbows, his earlobes, lips. He kept babbling that he was ready, so ready, yes, but it felt like he was speaking some foreign language and Ren refused to translate. “You’re right,” Hux said, finally settling on coherent words as he grabbed two handfuls of Ren’s hair and yanked his head up so their eyes met. “Right, you’re right, everything matters, like-- Like, if you don’t fuck me right now, right now, I’ll die, it matters , it’s the biggest thing I’ve ever felt--” Ren looked sad again, so Hux made himself shut up, afraid he’d ruined things. “Shit,” Ren said, like he’d dropped something fragile but maybe it wasn’t actually that important not to let it shatter. He slid into Hux with one long, slick push that made Hux bend backward again, his mouth opening around a soundless scream, because this was indeed the biggest thing he’d ever felt. Ren didn’t fuck like someone who was ten years out of practice. He slammed in hard when Hux wanted it and drew out slow when he wanted anything but, making him beg and holding him over a low flame that burned thinly across Hux’s skin and allowed this to go on and on, until Hux was making little choked-off noises that were not unlike sobs, pulling at Ren’s hair and biting at his lips. He didn’t know what he wanted to ask for except don’t stop, don’t go, don’t be the next thing that disappears. “You like being fucked in daddy’s bed?” Ren asked, yanking Hux from his listing surrender. “What?” Hux clenched around him and turned his head so abruptly that their foreheads knocked together. “Wha-- Ren-- My father just--” “I know, sorry, fuck, it just came out--” Hux laughed hard enough to shake the mattress. Poor Ren looked very confused, and Hux pet his face, trying to figure out how to tell him that was simultaneously the worst thing anyone had ever said to him and also the only true thing he’d ever heard. “You’re sort of mad, yeah?” Hux said, and it was then that he discovered Ren’s gigantic ears, which seemed to appear like twin islands as Hux’s shipwrecked fingers flowed through his hair. “I’m a fuck up,” Ren said, suddenly looking down at Hux as if they were both real people, as if they hadn’t both sewn buttons over their eyes long ago. “You’re, like. The first person who’s ever looked at me like-- Like--” “Like what, Ren.” Hux braced himself to be insulted. Like I can be a piece of shit and still just right . This response appeared in Hux’s mind not just as words but in a kind of gut-punch bundle featuring a physically ripping cascade of Ren’s largely indecipherable memories, and for a moment Hux thought he would die in the same bed that Brendol had expired in. “Shit!” Ren said, now urgently. He was petting Hux’s face with his thumbs, too hard. “Fuck! Hux? Sorry, no, just-- Ignore that.” “You--” Hux blinked rapidly, felt his eyes overflowing but wasn’t embarrassed, because it was as if Ren had cried onto his face, even as these tears came from his own eyes. “You really can, you--” “The Force is real,” Ren said. He tried to look angry, then just looked embarrassed again. There was a moment when Hux felt confused about which of them was which, or where he ended and Ren began. He told himself he was just drunk, even as he felt distinctly like they had left the residence and skidded out over the soaked landscape for a while, and now they had returned. “Will you come inside me?” Hux asked, begging. Ren nodded and fucked into Hux like he had only a tiny window in time to get this done and had to work fast, and it then became clear where the boundaries of each of their bodies were. After Ren had done as Hux asked, and after Hux had come a second time, with a whimpering death knell sound that he hoped Maratelle hadn’t heard, they lay together in the dark on their backs, shoulders touching, both of them panting at the ceiling and watching the last of the candlelight flicker out. Hux felt disturbingly sober. He wanted to again know just what Ren was feeling, to dissolve into it until he feared he would die of knowing so much about someone else. He was already aware that he would never feel that again without Ren’s permission. “I need some water,” Hux said, maybe more to himself than to Ren, but it was Ren who got up and walked naked through Hux’s dead father’s house and came back with a glass of water from the kitchen. Hux didn’t remember falling asleep. When he woke holding onto Ren as he had once held onto Hank, with abandon and as if this last comfort he was clinging to would certainly be taken from him as soon as it was found, he felt like maybe they had talked during the night, maybe without words or in a dream, but mostly like his head was pounding and like Ren was awake and aware of Hux’s clinging, and making assumptions about it. “It’s just that you look like a toy I had as a kid,” Hux said, mumbling this against Ren’s shoulder and still hanging on to him. Ren’s arm was curled around his back, warm and tight. “I know,” Ren said. “I saw it.” Hux wasn’t sure if he meant last night, just before Hux threw Hank back into the closet, or in some Force vision of Hux’s past. He supposed it didn’t matter, that it didn’t even matter if magic was real or not, if it wasn’t all-powerful and couldn’t change everything with a snap of someone’s fingers. He felt himself drooling onto Ren’s skin but fell asleep again anyway. In a few hours he would see his father buried forever on this soggy planet. He felt like Brendol’s ghost would want him to stay in this bed a bit longer, clinging to the person he could not keep, as if he would be cheering from the sidelines if he could. It was wishful thinking, certainly, but Hux estimated that he would have maybe just two or three opportunities for wishful thinking left in his life, if he even managed to live as long as his father had, and this one he took. ** Chapter 2 Notes: Please note a few new tags for this chapter re: mind manipulation. *** Hux woke up to the sound of Ren using Brendol’s shower, which meant Ren would be using Brendol’s bathing products, which meant the man who had just fucked him some hours ago in his father’s bed would smell like his father at his father’s funeral. The room seemed to tilt when Hux sat up, though he didn’t feel hungover. He needed to shave and his hips ached. Ren had sucked bruises onto the insides of both his elbows and certainly on other places that Hux could not currently see. He should have begun getting ready hours ago. Instead of hurrying to make up for time already wasted, he sat there in the middle of the bed with the blankets draped around his shoulders until Ren appeared in the washroom doorway, rubbing a towel over his cock while his hair dripped onto his shoulders. “I think I used all the hot water,” Ren said, naturally. “Sorry. I didn’t realize there was, uh. So little of it.” “I don’t care,” Hux said. He could use a cold shower. It might keep him from crawling across the room on his knees and begging to suck Ren’s freshly cleaned cock, or to do anything but face the rest of this day and the spectres of the past that seemed to be already looking in at him through the rain-drenched windows. “You okay?” Ren asked, peeking at Hux from between passes of the towel as he used it to dry his hair. “Of course,” Hux said. He was insulted by the question, as if Ren was suggesting Hux was so delicate that he might not be okay after a hard fucking. It then occurred to him that Ren was probably asking this because of Brendol’s impending funeral. The cold shower was harder to endure than Hux had expected, and by the end of it he was annoyed with Ren for having been thoughtless enough to burn through the hot water. He shaved hastily with Brendol’s razor and nicked his face twice. Skipping the aftershave, he pressed his fingers over the beading blood on his cheek as he came out of the bathroom. Ren had dressed in his usual attire, which was not appropriate for a funeral. At least it was black. Hux went very still when Ren crossed the room and crowded into his personal space. He closed his eyes as Ren leaned in to kiss him, but that wasn’t what Ren was actually doing. He dodged Hux’s mouth and licked at the stinging cuts on his cheek, tasting Hux’s blood and seeming to savor it. When he pulled back his lips were pink and his gaze was strange, though perhaps no stranger than it always was. Hux moaned under his breath, not sure if he was making a complaint or paying a compliment. He was cold, and he wanted to lean into Ren’s arms, to feel them close around him. The feeling of being held throughout the night and during sex already seemed like a dream. He moved around Ren, remembering how in his early morning delirium he’d imagined that Brendol might actually be proud of him for finding an unsuitable person to fall in life-ruining love with, thereby following in his father’s footsteps. Now that seemed insane, and he imagined Brendol’s ghost was already haunting him, cursing him, saying wasn’t it just like Armitage to get up to something like this in lieu of showing him proper respect. Hux put on the dress uniform he’d brought for the occasion and avoided Ren’s eyes as he straightened his hair in the mirror over Brendol’s bureau. Ren stood behind him, staring, his hair still damp. “Did you have any strange dreams?” Ren asked, watching Hux with what looked like specific concern. “No,” Hux said. “Did you?” “No.” Except for the dream where we fucked like maniacs for what felt like hours and you nearly gave me a stroke with the Force while your cock was up my arse, Hux thought. Ren smirked at him in the mirror. Hux felt himself flushing. Surely Ren hadn’t heard that. “That part wasn’t a dream,” Ren said. “Are you sore?” “Fuck you.” He was, but it felt good. Hux flushed hotter, imagining Ren might have heard that thought, too. “What’s that old bitch across the hall gonna think about all this?” Ren asked. “About all what?” “Uh. You were loud.” “Who cares what she thinks,” Hux said, though his face was blazing as he adjusted his tie. “Would you-- Could you do my cuff links for me?” Ren reached around Hux and plucked them from the bureau. Two silver First Order insignias. They had been Brendol’s. Ren hovered around Hux, his chest pressed against Hux’s back as he fastened one cuff link and then the other, his breath warm on Hux’s ear. “Go down and tell Maratelle we’re almost ready,” Hux said when he met Ren’s eyes in the mirror again. Hux was still red across his cheeks, waiting for Ren to make fun of him for it. “I’d like a moment alone in my father’s room before we do this.” Ren kissed the back of Hux’s head before leaving the room, and only then did Hux let himself wonder if things would be different between them when they returned to the ship. Ren had left his helmet down in the kitchen overnight. Hux wasn’t sure why this should seem significant, but it did. He shook off the thoughts about Ren as best he could. Trying to predict what Ren might do next was a fool’s game, and Hux had made a fool of himself for the man enough already. When he went to the closet, he braced himself to see Hank tossed haphazardly onto the pile of old coats, but the sight still struck him like an accusation when he opened the closet door. He wasn’t sure if this was an accusation of cruelty or weakness, and he rejected the impulse to imagine it was coming from Brendol’s spirit either way. After digging out the greatcoat that Brendol had tucked Hank into just before they left the Superior , he righted Hank atop the remaining coats and brushed some imaginary dust off of him, then shut the closet door again. “That coat’s too big for you,” Ren said when Hux came downstairs to find him and Maratelle standing stiffly in the foyer, waiting for Slotkin’s transport to pull up outside. “ Much too big,” Maratelle agreed, sneering from behind the short black veil that covered her face, topped with a fashionable black hat that probably cost more than Hux’s mother had been paid for a year’s worth of work in their old household’s kitchen. The theatrical flamboyance of this accessory reminded Hux of Ren’s helmet, which was presently tucked under Ren’s arm. “You can both keep your opinions about my attire to yourself,” Hux said, straightening the greatcoat’s lapels. “I’ll wear what the fuck I want to my father’s funeral.” As if the rest of him wasn’t polished to perfected regulation. “That language,” Maratelle said, flinching as if struck. “Your lack of respect is astounding.” She glanced pointedly at Ren, who was just barely containing the shit-eating grin he obviously wanted to flash at her. Simply upholding the tradition of my father’s lack of respect for you, Hux thought. He wasn’t sure why he didn’t say it. Slotkin pulled up exactly when he’d said he would, and Hux was relieved when Ren put his helmet on and pulled his hood up before following him and Maratelle out into the rain. He didn’t like the idea of sharing Ren’s face with the company they were about to join. Slotkin held an umbrella over Maratelle, who teetered toward the transport in her heels as if the weight of her grief was suddenly too much to bear. Hux was thoroughly soaked after walking the three steps to the transport. Maratelle sat in the first row of seats beside Slotkin, and Ren sat beside Hux in the back row. When Hux rested his gloved hand on the seat between them, Ren did the same, just a hair’s width away from Hux’s. Can you read my mind right now, Hux wondered, trying to push this query toward Ren even as he looked away from him, out the side viewport. No response came. The cemetery in Arkanis’ capitol was the same one that had been there when Hux was a boy, untouched by the Republic during their occupation. The transport deposited the four of them at the burial site, which was soaked and dismal, in keeping with Arkansian tradition. Brendol had specified that he wanted no spiritual services, just a burial and reception. He had not believed in an afterlife. There was a respectable assemblage of mourners waiting at the gravesite: Brendol’s senior students, most of his fellow professors, old friends and a few bureaucratic enemies who were there to silently gloat. Everyone stared at Ren, and Hux made no attempt at explanation. Surely at the reception Maratelle would tell everyone she could, in anguished whispers, that the tall masked man was Armitage’s domineering, unmannered lover, who had kept her awake all night by pushing whorish moans from Brendol’s bastard. She would find some more passive aggressive and politely stated way to convey all this information, but the important facts would be delivered and spread about. Hux tried to care; there were some important people here, including Fleet Admiral Monahan, who offered Hux his umbrella when he saw him getting soaked. Hux declined. He had Snoke and Ren on his side, for better or worse, and these other people operated within a more rigid and short-sighted world that seemed petty to Hux now. He was the creator of Starkiller Base, a planet-sized monster that would soon feed on suns. He could therefore get fucked by whomever he pleased. Let them talk behind his back, entertaining themselves with jealous sneering. None would dare say anything to his face, with Snoke sitting figuratively on his shoulder and Ren looming large at his side. Just before the service began, an umbrella appeared over Hux’s head. Ren was holding it. “Where’d you get that?” Hux asked, sweeping his wet fringe off his forehead. “Mind trick,” Ren said. “What?” Ren didn’t answer. The mustached man standing beside Ren was no longer holding an umbrella and looked rather dazed as the rain drenched him. Hux tsk ed and also flushed with secret pleasure under his clothes, shuffling slightly closer to Ren beneath the umbrella. Hux did not speak at the funeral, per his own arrangement. Brendol’s former mentor made some remarks and three of his favorite students sang the Academy fight song. Hux shivered in his wet clothes and stared at the coffin for the duration. He longed to tug at Ren’s sleeve and mutter, Surely my father’s not really in there? Could you at least tell me he’s not? Maratelle and Hux were both handed a long-stemmed hothouse flower to throw onto the coffin when all had been said and done. Maratelle took her turn first, doing her best to weep at an unconvincing volume. Hux had no idea if she’d ever loved Brendol even a little. Probably? He stepped forward to stare down into the grave, Maratelle’s flower already soaked and sliding toward the left edge of the coffin. The memory of watching the hangar for Brendol during the evacuation struck Hux too hard, taking him out of time and leaving him feeling as if he was four years old again and still waiting, watching as the shuttle doors closed, and where was his father, why hadn’t he yet appeared? Hux felt a warm pressure all around him and realized with a flush across the back of his neck that he’d faltered as if he might tumble over the edge of the grave and Ren had steadied him with his powers. The fucking Force. Here’s to you, Father, Hux thought, and when he dropped the flower it felt like raising a white flag, watching that shuttle door close with Brendol still on the other side. Good job falling in love with the wrong person, he thought, backing away. Good job screwing that up so thoroughly that I was brought to life to probably do it all over again. Minus the kid. Unless Starkiller Base was their spiritual child, Hux thought, turning back to Ren. He laughed under his breath, only considering the highly inappropriate timing when he heard Maratelle or some other judgmental arsehole gasp. He felt that warm thing around him again, less strongly now but unmistakable. It even smelled like Ren. Hux had memorized the scent of him during the night: magic and muscle and sour grapes. Standing at Ren’s side again, he acknowledged that his grief had finally arrived, because he was reacting to it in mad and uncharacteristic ways, such as thinking of himself as in love with Kylo Ren and not just recently well-fucked by him, and conceiving of the superweapon as their offspring. Another inappropriate laugh welled up in his chest as they stood there watching gravedigger droids slop mud onto the coffin. It splattered upon the lid, the most horrible sound Hux had ever heard. He had to lift his hand to his mouth to hide the insane urge to laugh about this, too. Ren made a sound from within his helmet that Hux took for a laugh at first. He turned to Ren, hoping for a conspiring glance to acknowledge the absurdity of life or whatever. But Ren was looking at something else, and Hux could smell and feel Ren’s invisible energy around him again, uncomfortably now. He turned away from Ren and felt his stomach pitch when the people on the other side of the grave seemed to flicker and disappear, reappear, then disappear again. “Ren,” Hux said, teeth grit. “What-- What is happening? Is something-- My vision is spotty, is something happening?” “Nothing,” Ren said, much too sharply to be convincing, and Hux felt Ren’s panicked attention tighten like a vice around his chest, making him short of breath. “Stop that,” Hux hissed. “Whatever you’re doing--” “I’m not-- It’s fine. Everything’s fine.” “Like hell!” Hux rubbed at his eyes, still seeing things, as if he was flicking from one reality into another, seeing no one across from the grave and then seeing the group there breaking up as people wandered toward the transports that would take them to the reception, then seeing no one again. He elbowed Ren hard, sure that it was something he was doing for fuck knew what reason, and that was when he saw her standing in the distance: a woman under a leafless old baron tree, watching the grievers begin to trail toward their vehicles as the digging droids filled the grave. Hux felt something spread outward from the center of him then, but it wasn’t Ren’s meddling this time. It was cinnamon and flour and the way the woman’s long blond braid swung behind her when she turned to leave. It was his mother. He lurched forward in a truncated attempt to dash after her as she walked toward a speeder parked by the cemetery’s main trail. His shock had numbed him to anything but the immediate need to get to her, close enough to touch, and make sure she was really there, though he already felt it from the top of his head to his heels: she was, she was, only she was leaving, and Hux couldn’t seem to move to go after her. At first he thought Ren was holding him still just to keep him from barreling blindly forward and tripping into the grave, but then he tried to turn his head toward Ren and couldn’t even do that. He tried to speak. He could not. He was frozen in place and watching helplessly as Clove climbed onto her speeder and prepared to leave. Ren! Everything inside Hux was screaming it as he tried to unstick his rigid jaw or even twitch his fingers at his sides. Ren, what, please, that’s my, that’s her, what’s happening, why-- “I’m sorry,” Ren said, leaning over to mutter this close to Hux’s ear. “I can’t-- You weren’t supposed to even see her, I can’t let you--” No! Hux managed to quirk his lips before the suffocating pressure around him strengthened tenfold and kept him perfectly still. No, no, she’s going, Ren, what, why-- I’m sorry , Ren said, now in Hux’s head. These are Snoke’s orders. This is why I’m really here. You cannot speak to her, it would deter all our plans. What!? Hux felt tears pricking at the corners of his eyes as Clove powered on her speeder and took one last look at the gravesite. Her eyes went directly to Hux’s, and he realized with horror that his expression was neutral, held steady along with the rest of him by Ren’s evil restraints, revealing nothing. As if he didn’t even know who she was. She pulled a hood up over her hair and blasted away on the speeder, in the opposite direction from the main road that led back to town. No! Hux had never had his voice trapped pitifully in his own head, and it was like a roar that might blow his skull apart with the force that he tried to put behind it, painfully contained. Ren, please, why are you, I’ll do anything, you have to let me-- “I can’t.” Please, no, she’s leaving, I’ll lose her-- “You--” Ren stopped himself from saying the rest. You already have, Hux thought, watching her speeder disappear from sight, too far away already. She was heading in the direction of the western spaceport. I don’t understand , Hux thought, unable to do anything but shake with rage and breathe shallowly in Ren’s stranglehold. This is absurd, you can’t-- Now that I know she’s alive-- I’ll find her, you can’t stop me, Snoke can’t-- “She doesn’t live on this planet,” Ren said, quietly, because Slotkin and Maratelle were approaching. Why should I believe you? Hux wanted to tear at Ren’s throat with his teeth, to pummel him and scream in his face, he wanted Ren’s blood on his hands. I can’t trust you, I can’t-- This is an attack ! Ren, you have to let me go! Please, I’m begging you! “Armitage,” Slotkin said, stepping in front of Hux and blocking his view of the horizon that his mother had disappeared over. Maratelle was at Slotkin’s side, protected by his umbrella and scowling at Hux as if she disapproved of his existence in general, as usual. “Are you all right?” Slotkin asked, frowning when he saw Hux’s expression, which was numbly stoic even as rage and panic flamed in his eyes. “He’s upset,” Ren said. “Please, leave us for a moment. We’ll meet you at the reception.” “Are you sure?” Slotkin glanced nervously at Ren and then back to Hux. “It’s a bit of a trek on foot, in this rain--” “They’ll be fine,” Maratelle said. “Come, Holland, I need to sit down, I feel faint.” Slotkin lead her to the transport, and soon the only people left standing in the cemetery were Ren and Hux, who still could not move. “I’m going to let you go now,” Ren said. “I’m sorry, but--” “You’re not sorry.” Hux was startled by the sound of his own voice, audible outside his head again and hoarse, spitting with anger and also scraped out with grief that could hardly find purchase within an avalanche of confused shock. “If you were sorry you wouldn’t have done it.” “Snoke gave me orders.” Hux gasped and stumbled forward when the tense energy that had held him in place suddenly dissipated. He fell into the mud, on his hands and knees, gulping for air and trying to set his spinning mind upon any sort of course. Ren cursed and dropped down to try and help him up. Hux turned and punched him in the face as hard as he could, screaming with pain when he remembered, too late, that Ren was wearing the mask. He curled away from Ren and hugged his injured hand to his chest, which was heaving with painful breaths and twofold disbelief: that his mother had been here, alive and real and looking right at him, and that Ren had stopped him from going to her or even indicating that he recognized her. “Come on,” Ren said. He was squatting behind Hux, holding the umbrella over him, but his voice was hard, the way it had been when they first met, when Ren had seemed like he was only Snoke’s faceless errand boy. And clearly that was the impression Hux should have kept. “Get up,” Ren said, reaching for Hux. He recoiled when Hux hit him again, this time connecting with Ren’s right shoulder and doing about as much damage as he did when he punched Ren’s mask. “I couldn’t let you go to her,” Ren said. “It would have ruined everything we’ve worked for.” “You fucking lunatic !” Hux fixed Ren with the most hateful stare he could muster through his sinking, dragging defeat. “You don’t know what the hell you’re talking about, you’re brainwashed or something, you’re mad! I’ll find her. It will only be a matter of looking into the transport entry logs, Arkanis doesn’t see that much inter-space traffic--” “You can’t do that.” “ Fuck you, thinking you can tell me what to do! This isn’t to do with our fucking mission, that was my fucking mother , you fuck, you’ve got no idea--” “It is to do with our mission. Starkiller Base will never be functional if you speak to your mother. Snoke has foreseen it. Please, Hux, just--” “I don’t believe you!” Hux scrambled up onto his feet and gaped at Ren, the gravity of what Ren had just done hitting him over and over, like waves that kept tossing him back into a roiling ocean. “How could you do this to me?” he asked, regretting the pleading, heartsick way that came out very much. “It’s not personal,” Ren said. “It’s for the good of the Order. Someday you’ll thank me.” Hux dropped down to a squat again, grabbed the biggest handful of mud he could manage and slung it at Ren. It splattered against Ren’s chest. Ren made no motion to dodge this attack or wipe himself clean. He was just standing there, watching Hux lose his mind. Impartial, droid-like. Snoke had clearly told Ren to use whatever method necessary to keep Hux distracted. Including, even-- last night, Ren’s arm around him in the dark, and that kiss to the back of Hux’s head in the morning-- And all for nothing, because Hux had seen Clove, and he didn’t give a fuck what Ren said. He was going to find her again. Whatever it took, he would find her. “Please,” Ren said. “Hux. Don’t make me do this.” “What more could you possibly do to me? You’re not even human, you fucking liar! You’re not, this proves it, you can’t be--” Hux stopped talking when Ren moved toward him. The grave-filling droids were disinterested in this confrontation, and their work was nearly done. Hux backed away from Ren’s approach and swallowed the urge to beg. “What are you doing?” Hux asked, holding his hands up. He shouldn’t have left his blaster with his regulation uniform. He’d had no idea what sort of monster would be keeping him company. “Ren? What, stop, what are you--” It was like having a black cloak draped suddenly all around him. Warm, and no rain touched him. Then the cloak was gone and he was standing in front of Kylo Ren, blinking, wet but also under an umbrella. “What--” Hux turned and saw the droids patting the top of his father’s now-covered grave with their shovels, making the mud there flat. “Where--” “Are you okay?” Ren asked. He sounded distressed; his breath was coming hard and fast through the vocoder. “You, uh. Fainted.” “I--” Hux turned in a circle, making sure no one else had seen. He remembered, right-- They had stayed behind. Everyone else had gone. The reception would be starting by now, at the nearby lodge, for Brendol, because Brendol was dead-- Hux’s head hurt, or felt too good, or some combination of the two. “Sorry,” he said when he stumbled and braced himself against Ren’s forearm. “I feel drunk or something, I don’t know what came over me--” “You’re just upset.” Ren held Hux’s elbow, steadying him. Hux couldn’t recall that Ren had touched him since that first meeting at Snoke’s damp hideout, when he’d steadied Hux after he slipped. He might have assumed he’d like to feel Ren’s touch again, considering the sex dreams, but he was suddenly and violently repulsed by the reality of it, and caught himself glaring at Ren when he moved away. He was mad at Ren, so very-- Sick of him, tired even of the sight of him. It was probably just that dream last night. It had been something about unsettling sex with Ren, the usual shit. Hank had been there, too, just for added disturbing effect. “I don’t think I’ll go to the reception,” Hux said, rubbing at his face. He was afraid of seeing someone there, among Brendol’s acquaintances. A particular person, though he couldn’t put his finger on who it was suddenly. There was someone he wasn’t willing to see, or couldn’t, wasn’t allowed-- He kept thinking it was Brendol himself, but that was ridiculous. He was in the ground now, under all that mud. No one would be seeing him ever again. “I don’t feel well,” Hux said when he stumbled again, moving out of Ren’s reach. “I think I need-- I didn’t sleep last night, had strange dreams--” “Come on,” Ren said, trying to take his arm. Again, Hux jerked away from him, overcome with an influx of aimless but intense rage. “I can walk,” Hux spat, lip raising. “Just-- Keep clear.” He wasn’t sure why he wanted to haul back and punch Ren in his stupid mask. His hand ached as if he already had, and both his palms were muddy. “No one saw me faint, did they?” he asked, embarrassed by the fact that he had no memory of doing so and annoyed that Ren hadn’t caught him before he’d ended up in the mud. “No one else saw,” Ren said. He sounded guilty, like he was lying. “Only me.” Hux’s mind felt picked apart like a fraying old sweater, and he teared up twice on the long walk back to Brendol’s residence in the rain, glad when Ren didn’t seem to notice. This sorrowing disorientation was normal, he supposed, for someone who had just lost their last remaining parent. Now he was an orphan. Thinking this, he stopped along the roadside and dry-heaved into a freika bush. Again, when Ren tried to touch him, Hux shoved him away more angrily than he had reason to. Something about Ren’s very presence here on Arkanis seemed to taunt him. The quiet of Brendol’s residence unnerved him, though he was glad that Maratelle was still gone when they arrived. He went upstairs, as surprised as he was irritated by Ren’s attempt to follow him. Ren was still wearing the helmet, and the hood of his robe was still pulled up over it. As if he was hiding from someone even here. “Get away from me,” Hux said, embarrassed when he heard how childish he sounded, as if Ren had done anything beyond lurking in silence as usual. He hadn’t even laughed at Hux for fainting, as far as Hux could tell, but he couldn’t shake the feeling that Ren was doing him some grievous injury even by looking at him. He supposed it was just madness-tinged grief. “I need to sleep,” he said when Ren went on standing there like a scolded mutt, saying nothing and breathing audibly. “Please, leave me. I’m fine.” “You don’t want--” Ren made a vague gesture. “I could--” He seemed unwilling or unable to continue, his hands curling into fists at his sides. “Could what ?” Hux snapped. “Do you need help, uh. With your cuff links?” “What sort of help would I need with my cuff links? Are you mad? Get out of my sight! Can’t you see I’m upset? Why are you always so intent on torturing me? What the fuck did I ever do to you, you fucking--” Hux made himself stop talking. Ren was retreating, anyway. Hux opened his mouth to apologize for that overblown outburst, then dismissed the impulse. His father was dead, and Ren was demonstrably awful. Hux was allowed to take out his futile rage on someone, at least for today, the day of the funeral. Ren was an ideal target, really. Nothing got to him. Hux was beginning to doubt he was human after all. Alone at last, Hux pulled off most of his clothes and washed his hands and face before crawling into Brendol’s bed. His skin was dotted here and there with bruises that he could only assume had resulted from the fall he took after fainting. The bedsheets smelled strange, like his own sweat and spend from that dream about Ren, and something else that was familiar in a way he couldn’t name but which definitely bothered him. He yanked the blankets up over his head when he lost the ability to keep from sobbing with pathetic, mud-sucking misery. He wasn’t sure why it felt more like he was grieving for the loss of his mother than for Brendol, but he supposed it wasn’t completely out of order to do so. Part of Brendol had died with Clove, or so it had seemed, and Hux had never really cried for her. He felt like he was mourning himself, too, as if some piece of him had lately been torn away and smashed to dust, though of course that had happened twenty-seven years ago, too. ** Hux was ill for the remainder of his shore leave on Arkanis. He couldn’t decide on a firm self-diagnosis but knew that something wasn’t right on a physical level, though he wasn’t coughing or feverish. He was overly tired, easily confused and sluggish. He kept to himself and reviewed the records in Brendol’s personal data systems that he needed to put in order, glad when Ren didn’t try to bother him. He was glad, too, that there were no more intense sex dreams about Ren, and he resolved to take some kind of psychological steps toward putting an end to them if they plagued him again. Maratelle cleared out on the morning that Hux was planning to leave, taking all of the house’s most valuable antiques with her, except for one candlestick that Hux was glad he’d thought to hide in Brendol’s room, though he couldn’t remember deciding to do so. Regardless, now she wouldn’t have the full set. It was the kind of petty revenge Hux had always enacted on her, and a fitting final fuck you , he felt. He packed up his own things once she’d gone, regretting that he’d carelessly torn open the front of one of his uniform tunics in some grief-struck stupor he could not recall, popping every button. He stared at the door of Brendol’s closet before preparing to leave the room. He hadn’t opened it and was planning on giving the cleaning droid that waited downstairs instructions to get rid of whatever was inside, along with the food that remained in the conservator and the pantry, the half-empty toiletries and whatever other scraps needed removing before a new occupant moved in. He realized that he risked losing something valuable if he didn’t examine the contents of the closet first, but he didn’t need whatever credits might have come from reselling things and couldn’t fight past the idea that some sort of violent, hidden thing would spring out at him and attack if he opened those closest doors. In the dreams he’d had on his first night here, mixed in with the ones about Ren that had left an embarrassing amount of residue on the sheets, he’d opened the closet and found Hank in there. In reality, he left the room with the closet door still closed. Just as he had when he was a child, he didn’t want to spoil the fantasy that Brendol had kept his old toy for him by finding out at last that he actually hadn’t. Wearing the greatcoat that Brendol had once tucked Hank into was comforting enough, a piece of the old man that Hux could keep. Lucky that Brendol had taken it out of the closet for whatever reason. Hux had never had any piece of his mother to keep and surely wasn’t going to find one now. Brendol had to be enough for him: after all, he always had been. “Wait,” Ren said when Hux crossed through the foyer, assuming Ren would follow him to the shuttle without needing to be asked. “What?” Hux asked, turning back. “Did you-- I mean. I forgot something.” Ren was wearing his helmet and robe and Hux couldn’t remember him bringing any bags. “Well, get it,” Hux snapped when Ren just stood there staring like he was waiting for permission. “Hurry up. I’m going to the transport, you can meet me there.” Hux stomped through the rain, newly angry. Fucking Ren. He was probably just looking to steal something that Hux had left behind in the house. Let him have it, whatever it was. Hux was done with this place entirely. He hadn’t even gone to observe the ruins of his childhood home. It seemed pointless now. Ren boarded the transport shortly after Hux had set its course for the Finalizer . He had something under his robes, was hunching around it and trying to pretend it wasn’t there. He probably wanted Hux to pick a fight with him over whatever he’d taken. Petulant fucking child. Hux ignored him and said nothing on the trip back to the ship. Over the days that followed, Hux was able to fight off whatever illness he’d developed on Arkanis, his mind clearing and his energy returning. His routines aboard the Finalizer helped him feel like himself again, and he privately acknowledged that his condition on Arkanis had probably been at least partially mental, brought on by bad memories drawn up like clogging dust from the past and breathed into his lungs. He decided he would never go back. Brendol’s ghost would not object; the old man had not believed in ghosts. Along with the resumption of his regular duties aboard the ship, his chronic dreams about Ren started up again, striking at his vulnerable subconscious somewhat differently than they had before. Ren was no longer faceless in the dreams. The face Hux had only ever glimpsed once, that day in the gymnasium, was suddenly the prominent feature of the dreams that felt much too solid, even more so than old ones that Hux had often awakened from in a puddle of his own come. Ren had sad eyes in these dreams, and they loomed over Hux like twin moons. He did oddly specific non-sexual things along with the usual mouthing and thrusting: called Hux a piece of fruit, licked his bruises, ate grapes off his chest, stood behind Hux at a mirror and used a sewing needle to gently tattoo First Order insignias on the undersides of both of Hux’s wrists. “It doesn’t hurt,” Hux said in that dream, surprised. “It will later,” Ren said, and he kissed the back of Hux’s head as if to apologize. Ren also held Hux in these dreams, sometimes transforming into Hank in the process, then back again. Sometimes he had itchy cotton protruding from his injured right shoulder even when he was otherwise fully Ren, and Hux would carefully tuck it back in while Ren whined in pained gratitude. Being held by Ren always started off as a comfort, surrounding Hux with a sense of adoring security that he clung to, but it would then inevitably become suffocating, cruel, and Hux would struggle to get free while Ren laughed at him, sometimes transforming into Snoke in the process. The real Ren kept clear of Hux until seven cycles had passed since their return from Arkanis. He showed up at Hux’s door just after Hux had peeled off his uniform in preparation for his off-duty hours. “What do you want?” Hux asked, speaking through the door comm. His heart was slamming, maybe because he was wearing only his undershirt and shorts. The monitor outside his door showed Ren dressed in his usual dark rags, helmeted and hooded. “I have something of yours,” Ren said. “What? Why? What thing?” “I took it from your father’s house.” “Well, you can keep it,” Hux said, though this made his heart pound even harder. “I took everything I wanted.” “You missed this,” Ren said. “You’ll want it. Let me in. Please.” Hux went back to his bedroom and put on a pair of socks and a bathrobe, resolving to forget the whole incident if he returned to the door and found that Ren had given up. Of course he hadn’t: he was still standing there, stoic and motionless, faceless. “Give it here,” Hux said when he opened the door, scowling. Despite having otherwise returned to normal, he still could not keep a hateful sneer off his face in Ren’s presence. He held his hand out when Ren didn’t surrender whatever object he’d stolen. “Come on,” Hux said. “I’m very busy--” “I’ve got to--” Ren said, and then he groaned and barged into Hux’s rooms without being invited, pushing past Hux. The smell of him made Hux briefly complacent. He remembered that from the gymnasium, when he’d watched Ren doing his exercises. It was tart and earthy at the same time, electric and warm. “You’re out of order,” Hux said, turning from the door as he allowed it to close. Ren stood in the middle of his main room, and the hulking size of him, cloaked head to toe in black, was newly unnerving, but Hux couldn’t deny that something in him was also pleased to see Ren, a tiny sense of excitement jumping up and down in his gut like an unruly child who expected to get a present. Ren was holding his right arm entirely under his cloak, clutched around something. Hux scowled at him, uneasy with anticipation, and when Ren let the cloak slide away and held out a small box with the name of an old Imperial clothier on the lid, Hux stepped backward. Recognizing the box-- but not really, not at all? --Hux sucked in his breath as if Ren had unveiled a weapon and had pointed the business end of it at his head. “What’s that,” Hux said, staring at it. “Take it,” Ren said. He sounded angry. “No, I-- What is it? That’s not from my father’s house.” “Yes, it is. Take it, Hux.” Hux opened his mouth to berate Ren, to tell him to get the fuck out, but he couldn’t make his voice work. This inability to speak brought back some terrible but indistinct memory, and in a fog of horror Hux snatched the box from Ren’s hand and turned away from him, holding it and breathing in an unsteady drag, feeling as if he’d just had a pair of hands around his throat. “How,” Hux managed to say. Of course it was only his head: of course he could speak, breathe, open this box and see what was inside. “I’m sorry,” Ren said. The absence of the vocoder’s growl made Hux turn. Ren had taken off the helmet, was holding it against his side and looking at Hux with sad eyes that made him sure for a moment he was dreaming. “I should have given it to you sooner,” Ren muttered, looking at the floor. Hux lowered to the floor slowly, onto his knees, and turned his back on Ren again. When he lifted the lid of the box, he knew what he’d find inside: Hank, lying on top of a selection of other things Brendol had kept. Clover’s things. A recipe card, dried flowers, a handkerchief. A holo locket. Hux’s stomach pitched so violently that he had to bring a hand to his mouth, afraid he would be sick. It was as if someone had just thrown him through time, or half of him, leaving the rest of him behind, slicing him in two. He almost managed to forget Ren was there at all. He lifted Hank from the box and noticed that his right shoulder had been repaired with four clumsy stitches of black thread, no cotton poking out now. It seemed impossible that Brendol would have even ordered a droid to repair the toy, but who else would have done it? “Hux,” Ren said, his voice breaking. With sympathy . As if he could even begin to understand. “Shut up.” Hux placed Hank back in the box. He was seething with a kind of telescoping, mindless rage he had never known before, and still it was unspooling and unspooling within him, pouring forth from some infinite supply he’d forgotten to flush out. “Shut up, shut up, shut up !” Hux leapt up from the floor and charged at Ren, barely aware of what he was doing. Certainly he had no idea why, but at the moment nothing seemed to matter except attacking Ren, tearing him down, beating at him until the bitterest revenge had been enacted. Revenge for what? Hux couldn’t name it, even as Ren allowed himself to be knocked to the floor, putting up no fight when Hux knelt over him and grabbed him by the throat with one hand and by the hair with the other, yanking his head up from the floor before slamming it back down. “You hateful beast!” Hux shouted, distantly horrified by what was happening to him but unable to stop it. His eyes burned and then leaked as he pulled at Ren’s hair, wanting to hurt him again. Ren was staring up at the ceiling blankly, letting Hux do this. “Fight back!” Hux commanded, his spittle landing on Ren’s cheek. “You fucking-- Fucking monster, you-- I hah-- I hate you, I--” Hux collapsed into wordless agony, his face landing against Ren’s throat. He felt Ren swallow. Every inch of Hux’s body was shaking with a restless energy that demanded he do something, something , but the doing of it seemed so belated as to be pointless, so he was left doing nothing in particular beyond lying on top of Kylo Ren, who seemed as if he’d come here to receive this treatment and was prepared to endure worse. Hux cried out against Ren’s skin with a futile, nameless rage that would not leave him. He felt like he had when he was a boy on the Superior , when he’d wanted to hurt someone, anyone, for having taken his mother from him. The only one he’d been strong enough to actually hurt was Hank, and Hux had never felt worse than he did when he’d gritted his teeth and told Hank he would rip his arms off, just because Hank was the only one who was willing to look up into the face of Hux’s raging grief and not tell him he wasn’t allowed to feel it. “What’s happening to me,” Hux moaned, not necessarily asking Ren. “It’s not your fault,” Ren said. “What isn’t? That my parents are dead? No shit, you fucking--” Hux let his attempt to insult Ren die off; he couldn’t hurt Ren anyway. Possibly no one could, though Hux suspected Snoke might hurt him on occasion. Ren had so many scars-- But Hux had seen those in a dream, so maybe they weren’t real. Meanwhile, he was huddled around Ren as if he hoped to sleep upon him for a while. He couldn’t seem to muster the energy to lift his face from Ren’s neck, so he bit Ren there, trying to close his teeth precisely around the pounding of Ren’s pulse, which sped up against this pressure. “I want you dead,” Hux muttered, though suddenly he didn’t mean it. He licked over the bite mark he’d left. Ren twitched beneath him; his skin tasted familiar. “You’re my worst enemy, you know that?” Hux said, avoiding the temptation to lick Ren again and feel another answering twitch. “You’re the worst thing that’s ever happened to me--” “You have to get over this.” The sharpness of Ren’s voice was a relief, but still not enough to inspire Hux to lift his head from Ren’s neck. “It’s irrational,” Ren said. “We must work together.” “I’ll never get over it,” Hux said-- Proudly, though Ren was right about it being irrational. Hux couldn’t hate Ren this much just because he wanted Ren to fuck him, but it was more than that somehow, so much bigger and all Ren’s fault. It seemed as if Ren was proud of Hux for his willingness to hold this unsubstantiated grudge, too, when his arms went around Hux in a way that felt vindicating, supportive. “What are you doing?” Hux asked, stiffening in Ren’s grip, his fingers twitching against the floor. “Nothing,” Ren said, though he was doing several things: holding Hux against him and breathing heavily, his chest expanding between Hux’s thighs, which were squeezed around his sides. Ren placed one gloved hand carefully over the back of Hux’s neck. He didn’t stroke Hux there but seemed to be considering it. “I’ve decided you’re not human,” Hux said, still very stiff. “What am I, then.” Ren sounded like he actually wanted to be told, like he’d been wondering. “You’re a monster made from my nightmares. From every secret thing that terrifies me, things I thought I’d buried in childhood. Sent here to haunt me.” “Why should you deserve that kind of monster.” Hux shifted in Ren’s grip. When Ren’s arms tightened around him Hux startled as if struck, cold dread shrieking across his back. He sat up and scrambled off of Ren, afraid that Ren would come after him and restrain him again. But Ren stayed on his back, motionless, staring up at the ceiling and letting Hux go. “Get out,” Hux said, his voice hushed with persisting fear. Ren did as he asked, stepping carefully over the box he’d brought and putting his helmet back on just before leaving. Hux did not sleep that night. He sat up in bed watching the images on the holo locket play over and over, until they seemed to make no sense, as if Clove and Brendol were speaking a foreign language. What must that be like, he wondered, again and again, squinting and trying to make sense of what he was even asking himself. When it was time to get ready for his next shift, he put everything back in the box. The stitches on Hank’s repaired shoulder seemed to beg for a caress, and touching them felt illicit. Hux hurried to put the lid on the box and stuffed it into the bottom of one of his bureau drawers. He stumbled against his bed as he backed away, fell to a seat there and stared at the closed drawer, feeling like he might start weeping into his hands, so tired and so profoundly confused that he almost felt that wretched sobs were warranted. Be more like your mother , he thought, remembering Brendol asking this of him. And so he stood, thinking of Clove waking beneath the crushing pain of another day away from him and never faltering in her steps, not even crying to Brendol, just putting her hair back and getting to work. It was all there was, in the end: Hux could respect that. He now knew he’d gotten whatever strength he had from her, and he thought of her all day as he went through the motions without cracking. ** The intervening years: Starkiller, Starkiller, Starkiller. It was all Hux allowed himself to think about. Unallowed thoughts, meanwhile, included: the potential failure of Starkiller, which at some moments seemed frightfully possible, the idea that Snoke might not need him for anything in particular when the weapon was complete and that he might therefore be summarily discarded once Starkiller proved functional, the fact that he sometimes felt he’d been so cold for so long that parts of him had iced over for good. The memory of the box in the bottom of his bureau and of how he’d gotten it. Memories in general. Especially memories of dreams that felt like things which had actually happened, so long had he turned them over and over in his thoughts. Less than a year after that trip to Arkanis which was still lodged in his heart like a razor, he weighed the pros and cons of hate-fucking Ren. He came out with the scales heavily tipped toward cons but deleted both columns and ended up bent over the desk in his office anyway, his pants pushed down to his knees and Ren thrusting into him from behind. Hux goaded him with curses and harder and fucking come in me, hurry up . He had to assume it was Brendol’s contribution to his genetic makeup that accounted for the pleasure he took in doing the wrong thing, the worst thing with the worst person. He shoved Ren away when they were done, trying to ignore the come that was dribbling out of him and pooling into his shorts as he zipped himself up. “What would Snoke think of you doing this to me?” Hux asked, pink-cheeked and trying to pretend the idea of Snoke finding out about this was amusing. Ren put his helmet back on before responding. He breathed through the vocoder for a while, chest still heaving from the effort of slamming himself into Hux. “Snoke doesn’t care what happens to you,” Ren said. He turned and left while Hux was still trying to decide how to interpret that. It had been a taunt, certainly, an insult, but the chill in Hux’s blood as he stood within the echo of it also made him consider it a warning. But there was nothing to be done: his course was set, and everything he did happened within Snoke’s clutches. Hux went on with his work, perfecting the machine in all the literal and figurative ways that he could. Even sleep felt like just another chore. He’d attempted some measures to rid himself of the dreams about Ren-- including actually getting fucked by Ren on a semi-regular basis --but none had worked. He dreamed of cold rain and Ren bringing Hank to him over and over, or Ren making Hux take Hank from him while they stood on a stage in front of thousands who laughed at Hux and saw him discredited. Ren would only look at him sadly, as if he wasn’t doing this to be cruel or to ruin Hux once and for all but because he thought it was what Hux truly wanted, and in some dreams it was. They were both good at avoiding each other until the pressure mounted and it seemed impossible to keep away. Typically this happened just after Ren had returned from a long time spent away from the ship. Sometimes, if Hux had timed things poorly and hadn’t had Ren for weeks before he’d left, even a three-day away mission could seem very long. “What are you doing?” Hux asked after Ren had returned from one such mission and appeared in Hux’s bedroom to fuck him until he moaned Ren’s name and came so hard that he had no energy left for anything but asleep directly afterward. Upon waking, he had found Ren still in his room, still in his bed, still naked and lying much too close. “Get going,” Hux said, shoving tiredly at Ren’s shoulder. “I’ve got a shift in an hour.” Ren didn’t budge. He looked angry about something, his brow pinching as he stared up at the ceiling. “You don’t sleep in my bed,” Hux said, pushing at Ren again. He had a fear of allowing Ren to do so that related to the dreams about him, and also to something less tangible that seemed like a bad omen, a whispered promise that allowing Ren to linger for too long would end in the kind of humiliating disaster that Hux envisioned, metaphorically, as falling to his hands and knees in the mud, battered by rain while Ren held everything he wanted just out of reach. “I’m not sleeping,” Ren said. “You know what I mean. What do you want? I’m too tired for a second round, come find me later--” “I can never find you when I want you.” Ren swallowed with an audible click after saying so. Hux stared at him, beginning to wonder if this was just another dream. “What are you talking about?” he asked. “You came looking for me tonight, when you got back to the ship. And you found me precisely where you wanted me, did you not?” Ren had never tired of his fondness for not answering Hux’s questions. He sat up and pushed his hair back in a way that partially exposed one of his big ears. The sight of it tugged at Hux’s chest, and he barely stopped himself from reaching for Ren. He touched his own hair instead, and held Ren’s gaze when it turned upon him. “What?” Hux asked. Ren was always staring at him, still. Hux was always failing to find it flattering. Mostly he felt threatened, if not quite afraid. Ren moved the sheet down so that Hux’s chest was exposed. Immediately his nipples hardened; his rooms were always cold, the whole Base was cold. A protest stuck in Hux’s throat when Ren spread his big hand open on his chest. Ren moved his thumb and tapped at Hux’s nipple, rubbed around it. “I said I don’t have time for another,” Hux said, though his cock was filling under the sheet. “We don’t have to fuck,” Ren said. “Not like that.” “What other way is there?” Hux had already stated that Ren could look elsewhere if he wanted a cock up his arse. Hux knew what he liked, and it didn’t involve anyone else’s arsehole, only his own. “I could--” Ren glanced down at Hux’s cock, which was beginning to tent the sheet now. “Just. I know you don’t trust me.” “You’re fucking right I don’t.” Hux’s face flamed. He wasn’t sure why it embarrassed him to admit this. Ren had not earned his trust, despite his role in Hux’s promotion and the fact that he seemed to have kept their hate-fucking habit discreet. There was some sharp seed of malicious intent buried beneath all of it, and Hux was always waiting for it to break the surface and show him that his instincts about Ren were right. “Just--” Ren said, and he leaned down to put his mouth on Hux’s nipple. Hux sucked in his breath and covered his mouth with his hand. Ren had done this before-- Hadn’t he? Maybe not. Only in a dream? It felt brand new, amazing, electrifying, and also like a pleasure Hux had known and had been waiting too long to have again. Ren sucked and gnawed softly until Hux’s nipple was oversensitive, sore, then he moved to the other. Hux cried out only in encouragement. His hand ended up in Ren’s hair, and it stayed there as Ren moved down lower, pressing hot kisses along Hux’s chest, belly, and into the divots above his hipbones. “Oh,” Hux said when he realized what Ren intended to do. Neither of them had ever done this for the other; why would they? He groaned and spread his legs when he felt Ren’s breath on the head of his cock. “Can I?” Ren asked when he looked up at Hux, tossing his hair back and fully exposing one ear in the process. “Yes,” Hux moaned. He nodded crazily, didn’t care about anything. It’s like nothing matters , he thought, shivering all over as Ren took him into his mouth: gentle, tentative, like he was new to this entirely. “Everything matters,” Hux breathed out, unintentionally aloud and not even sure what he meant, only that saying so made him feel good and loose, and like he’d thrown away some armor he might regret not wearing. But he couldn’t feel this while wearing it: Ren taking him fully into his mouth, moaning around him and rubbing at his balls while he bobbed his head, seeming to ask for nothing in return as he gave Hux this worshipful attention. Dangerous, something in Hux said, big red flag here, Ren doesn’t care about you. But that was Snoke, really, who didn’t care. Ren was just as lost within the puppetmaster’s plans as Hux was, and that seemed clear suddenly, with Ren’s hot, wet mouth moving on him and Ren’s fingers sneaking down to rub at his hole, which was still sticky with Ren’s come. Hux cried out again and fucked up into Ren’s mouth, down against his fingers, felt unleashed. He had barely regained his breath after coming down Ren’s throat when he clambered onto his knees and pushed Ren onto his back, desperate to do the same to him, to try it out. “You don’t have to,” Ren said. Hux laughed and licked across Ren’s fat, leaking cockhead. Ren was very hard, and just from sucking Hux. He hadn’t touched himself while he did it, hadn’t even humped the bed. He groaned when Hux mouthed at him, up and down the shaft and all around the head, teasing. “Dirty boy,” Ren said, smirking. “Gonna suck me after I’ve been up your ass?” “You’re the dirty one. I--” Hux barely stopped himself from saying, I cleaned out my arse thoroughly when I saw your shuttle was due back tonight, because I knew you’d come for me . Ren’s smirk widened as if he’d heard this anyway, or guessed as much. Hux flushed and took him in as deeply as he could, pleased when he checked Ren’s face again and saw no smirk remaining, just brainless pleasure, his lips parted and his eyes muggy. Ren took a long time to finish, having recently emptied an impressive amount of come into Hux’s arse. By the time he did, Hux’s jaw was aching and his breath was shallow, and he felt so tired and oddly accomplished in the aftermath that he laid his head upon Ren’s thigh and closed his eyes to rest for a moment. He tensed when he felt Ren’s fingers on his temple. There always seemed to be something within him that Ren was reaching for, and Hux didn’t want him to touch it. But he left his eyes closed and stayed there, breathing against Ren’s skin while Ren stroked his hair. Ren’s fingers were shaking as if Hux was a mantazard who might bite his hand off if he so much as breathed wrong. “Why’d you say everything matters,” Ren asked. “Before.” “I don’t know, I was having my cock sucked, sorry to lack eloquence.” Something in Hux was telling him he had to get up, get up , get clear of Ren before he was grabbed and wrestled down, but what would Ren be wrestling him into? Hux couldn’t deny that this was the best he’d felt in ages, even better than the rough fucking he’d been slavering for and which Ren had delivered precisely as Hux wanted some hours earlier. “Do you believe that?” Ren asked, his fingertips sneaking over the rim of Hux’s ear, such a light touch that Hux shivered beneath it. “That everything matters?” For some reason this question made Hux think of Hank and those stitches on his shoulder. He had never gotten that box back out, not even for a peek at the holo locket, but his mind went to those stitches rather often. It was just so unlike Brendol to have done it. To have thought that it could possibly matter. And yet it did, somehow, so much. “Not everything,” Hux said. He reached down to rub his hand through the dark hair on Ren’s leg. “Just some things.” “But what if everything did,” Ren said. “What if all that mattered was tied up so tightly with so many things, and they were all so delicate-- What if you could see the webbing between them and how the slightest alteration would bring it all down?” “That’s how my mind works already,” Hux said. He opened his eyes and peeked at Ren, feeling himself growing dangerously close to comfortable. “You do know I’m an engineer, yes? And that my designs are extremely complex?” “I know,” Ren said, to Hux’s surprise. He’d been expecting a refutation or an insistence that he was missing some kind of mystical point. “Your mind, the way it works-- Everything is so delicately interconnected. Especially the important things. The things you feel most deeply. It’s fascinating, it’s-- More like my own mind than any other I’ve ever encountered. It’s why you can’t forgive me.” “Forgive you for what?” Hux asked. He sat up slowly and narrowed his eyes at Ren, the familiar stomach-curdling fear that Ren would entrap him and restrain him crawling over his skin. “For what?” he asked again, more sharply. “I just wish-- Wish I hadn’t-- Hux--” Ren sat up, too fast. Hux gasped and moved away, eyes widening, No , something inside him said, both to Ren and to himself, in answer. No, no, it’s not right, every move you make toward and also away from him is the wrong one, he’s the wrong person, you know why, even he’s trying to tell you-- “Forget it,” Ren said. He got out of the bed, taking care to keep as far away from Hux as he could, and dressed in the dark. Hux was embarrassed, rattled and cold. He pulled the blankets over himself and remained tense, watching Ren, waiting for some sort of attack. “How do you know my mind?” Hux asked when Ren slid his arms into the sleeves of his robe. “Because you’ve, you’ve-- Invaded it? How do you know the way I think?” “Maybe when I’m inside you I download all your memories and thoughts.” Ren’s back was turned to Hux; his voice was rough, though he hadn’t put the helmet back on yet. “Maybe I steal them from you and keep them for myself. Like hacking off body parts. Maybe I have a collection.” “Get out!” Hux wanted to kill him, to rip him apart. He sat there trembling, naked, waiting for Ren to fall upon him like a net, like a cloak thrown over his head. “Get away from me,” he said when Ren turned to give him a wicked, heartless stare. “And don’t come back here again.” “It’s all coming to an end soon anyway,” Ren muttered, and he left. Hux lay on his back in bed for a long time, his heart slamming. His mind felt shattered, his body covered in things he wanted to wash away. When sleep wouldn’t come, he went to the bureau in a mad panic and tore out the box from the bottom. “You,” he said when he held Hank in his hand. “You ruined my life!” He wasn’t talking to his mother. It wasn’t her fault. It was Ren’s fault, somehow, though he hadn’t been there. Hux brought Hank into the bed and hid him beneath the blankets, against his chest. When his alarm blared he was horrified to wake fully and remember what he had done: a General aboard the fleet’s most important ship, shivering under his blankets and holding a doll. He tucked Hank away in his box again and resolved to leave him there for good, just as he would leave his door closed to Ren, who had served his purpose and now threatened to grow out of control, like any invasive weed eventually did. It was a relief to find that Ren seemed to have come to the same conclusion. Their unsteady affiliation had worn out its use. Any interaction Ren had with Hux afterward was suffused with barely repressed loathing. Hux spat it right back at him. He still felt as if Ren had cut some part of him open and like the resulting blood loss was draining him, making him paler and more light-headed and less himself. But at least he had found the resolve to disallow further injury at Ren’s hands. ** Then Starkiller was destroyed by the Resistance and all in Hux’s life that had been delicately connected to it-- which was everything, entirely --came crashing down. Snoke could have meant any number of things when he told Hux to bring Ren to him. He probably didn’t mean to suggest that Hux go personally tearing through the last crumbling remains of Starkiller to drag Ren aboard a shuttle with the help of two stormtroopers, but as Hux’s larger purpose in the Order had been served and immediately thrown back into his face, he thought he might as well make himself useful. What he really thought, all the way there and even afterward, with Ren in a bloody heap at his feet aboard the shuttle: he can’t die, he can’t die, he’s all I’ve got, if he goes he’ll take what’s left of me with him . It was a strangely intense surety, considering they hadn’t touched each other for months. The origin of it would not be revealed to Hux until much later, after disgrace had piled so thickly upon him that even the sound of his own name made him flinch. In the meantime he stuck close to Ren, sensing that no one else with a modicum of power would sympathize with him after the loss of the weapon. Hux stayed in medbay, crouched on a stool at Ren’s side while he was sedated, waiting for Ren to wake up. Snoke had asked him to oversee the mission that involved getting Ren to him for the completion of his training, after all. Hux told himself that this was what he was doing. Overseeing. Carrying on. But he knew it was all over for him, so completely finished that in the deepest part of his last night aboard the Finalizer as a General instead of a prisoner, he touched Ren’s face and gently wiped a bead of sweat away before it could irritate the gash that was healing into a thin but distinct scar. “I wanted to love you,” Hux said. It felt not like an epiphany but like something he’d forgotten and now remembered. There had been rain, inappropriate laughter, the damp squelch of mud beneath his boots, and when he’d reached out for something to hold onto, wanting it to be Ren, nothing was there. “Why couldn’t I?” he asked, stroking Ren’s sweat-matted hair back. “Which one of us stopped me?” Not two hours later Hux was arrested on Snoke’s orders for catastrophic incompetence and thrown into the brig. Ren slept through it. Before the cycle turned over Hux was transferred to the custody of a double agent who brought Hux to the Resistance as evidence of his not-actual loyalty to them. Presumably, Ren was still sedated, but Hux was glad for the mercy of not knowing one way or the other. Ren almost certainly would have stood by and let it all happen, if he had been awake, but at least this way Hux could pretend: maybe not, maybe. Imprisonment by the Resistance was a humiliating hellscape that stretched on and on into infinite nothing, but Hux suffered only a fraction of the misery a similarly high-ranking enemy would have faced under his command. He spent most of the first year of it being shuffled between solitary confinement and hours of questioning by various Resistance officials, including Organa herself. She was the only one who asked him about Kylo Ren. “He used to fuck me on occasion,” Hux said, because by then he’d lost track of time and didn’t really care about anything. Organa got up and left as if he’d spat in her face, and he wanted to take it back. He’d actually wanted to talk to her. Another year passed. Hux wouldn’t realize this until some time later. He was floating in timeless stasis when he heard a commotion out in the hallway and turned his back on it, only to have his cell door blown open hard enough to crack the opposite wall when durasteel met duracrete. Hux jolted upward on his cot, back pressed to the wall, and gaped at Kylo Ren, who stood in the blown-open doorway with an ignited lightsaber. This one was blue, whereas his previous one had been red. That was the first thing resembling a coherent thought Hux that managed to have. “Get up,” Ren barked. Even though the vocoder, Hux thought he sounded different, old and tired. He assumed at the time that he’d been in prison for thirty years or so. The guards claimed the First Order was wiped out, and Hux believed them. “Now!” Ren shouted when Hux didn’t move. “What is this?” Hux didn’t like the sound of his own voice much in those days, felt himself wincing when he spoke. “I have something that belongs to you,” Ren said, walking forward. He powered the lightsaber off and holstered it on his belt. Hux assumed Ren had killed people, out in the hall and beyond, to get to him. This engendered in him a kind of bitter fondness that allowed him to stand. “Nothing belongs to me,” Hux said, trying to imagine what Ren could possibly be talking about. He assumed this was a dream, but it was an interesting one at least, and perhaps something could be mined from it. He’d been experimenting with self-analysis, lacking anything else to analyze. “Some things are still yours,” Ren said, and he grabbed Hux’s hand. What Hux saw next woke him up from what had felt like a two-year slumber. Even before that, he’d been stumbling through his days in a kind of foggy sleep: he realized this when Ren dumped one of his own memories into Hux’s mind like a drink of clean water brought to his cracked lips. In it, Ren knelt on the floor in his room on the Finalizer . He wore his tank and his leggings, had his hair tied back. He held Hank in one hand as he used his other hand to make one clumsy stitch, drawing Hank’s arm and shoulder back together, then another stitch, a third, a fourth. With it came the other memories, the ones that had been Hux’s. “I’ll take you to her,” Ren said when Hux gaped at him, coming back to himself slowly, some part of him still watching his mother’s speeder retreat in the rain that day. “But we have to go now,” Ren said, tugging him toward the door. Hux went, stumbling after him and stepping over what he took for corpses in the hall. Ren , he thought, and he felt Ren hearing him. Ren, Ren, Ren-- “What?” Ren snapped, activating the lightsaber again when they heard boots clattering toward them, more guards approaching from around the next corner. “Is Snoke dead?” Hux asked, though he felt he already knew the answer, as if it had been wrapped up within what Ren had shown him of their past. “Yes,” Ren said. “I cut his head off myself.” Hux watched Ren subdue the guards with the Force, and realized then that he perhaps hadn’t killed the ones they’d stepped over. Ren seemed to be only knocking them out, using the lightsaber solely to counter blaster fire that came their way. Hux was disappointed at the time but would later be glad about this. “Are you a changed man?” Hux asked when they were aboard Ren’s ship, a hulking old freighter that suited him. Hux was seated on a cot in the back, shaking terribly and staring up at Ren, who loomed over him and still wore the mask, the hood. This mask was slightly different than the one that died with Starkiller, but similar enough. “Is that why you’ve conveying me to my mother?” Hux could not yet believe that was true, but it was what Ren had suggested. “Righting wrongs you once did? Putting things right, clearing your conscience?” He braced himself when Ren took the helmet off, expecting to see an old man, a face marred by more scars, a stranger. But Ren was just as Hux remembered him: still young, still magnetic, still with sad eyes that made Hux think of two black buttons. “How long was I in prison?” Hux asked, touching his own unshaven face. “A little over two years. I’m sorry. I had to wait for the right opportunity to kill him, or my one chance would have been blown.” “Snoke?” “Yes.” They stared at each other for a while, Hux holding on to the edge of the cot with both hands and Ren keeping back, giving him space. Hux realized he wasn’t afraid of Ren anymore, because he had his memory back and at least knew where the terror had come from. He was still incredibly angry, but it felt dulled by too many other things, mainly his struggle to believe that he had really gotten free, that Ren had really come for him and taken him away from there. “Talking with my mother that day would have saved me,” Hux said. “Is that it?” “It would have saved both of us.” Ren looked down at his feet after saying so. Hux could feel the paltry apology that Ren wasn’t stupid enough to vocalize, not now. “Snoke had manipulated me since I was a child,” he said. “I trusted him implicitly. When he sensed my love for you, he--” “Your love for me?” “I-- yes.” They stared at each other, Hux with his mouth hanging open. Ren swallowed, shifted and looked away, then looked back. “I thought you knew,” Ren said. “You thought-- what ? You thought I could confidently know anything, with you fucking with my memories to suit your master’s whims?” “It was only the once, Hux, I swear--” “What a load of shit! You’re still lying to me, really? I didn’t just forget seeing my mother, I forgot, ah-- The whole night before, with you. You made me think it was only a dream.” “No, I didn’t. It was an inadvertent side effect. Like a defense mechanism your mind enacted in the aftermath. Against me.” Hux scrubbed his hands over his face, shook his head. It was all too much; he felt untethered in every way possible, outside of time and reality, and yet he was still acutely aware of how cold he felt, which meant that this was all actually happening somehow. “There’s a shower,” Ren said, clearing his throat. “It’s sonic and the stall is tiny, but. You could use it, and--” “How long until we reach my mother?” “It will take a few cycles. At least. You and I are both wanted by the New Republic, so we’ll have to move carefully.” “Does my mother know-- Have you seen her?” “No. She doesn’t know we’re coming. I’ve never had any contact with her. But I know she’s there.” “Through the fucking Force,” Hux said, glowering. “Yes.” “The same Force you used to scrape bits of my brain out and leave me to rotting disgrace, once Snoke had gotten what he wanted from me.” Ren didn’t dare to deny it. Hux got up and moved in the direction he’d indicated, and he spent a long time locked into the tiny sonic shower stall, uncomfortable with the thought of leaving it and navigating whatever was left of the rest of his life, particularly with Ren lurking out there, his only remaining ally. Go fucking figure. When he emerged he found shaving things laid out on the rim of a small durasteel sink. The razor was of poor quality and Hux’s face felt raw by the time he was done, but he also felt more like himself, though he couldn’t stop squinting, trying to blink his way back into a world that made sense. He decided he’d rather remain in this impossible place than return to where he’d been, and after dressing in a soft tunic and some overly snug pants that Ren had also laid out for him, he walked through the ship with cautious curiosity. Ren was in the cockpit, though the ship was clearly on an autopilot course, drifting slowly to avoid detection. Hux stared at the back of Ren’s head for a while, wondering where he could even possibly begin with all the questions he had. For the sake of avoiding the first one that came to mind, which was do you still love me, he returned to the cot in the back of the ship and crawled onto it, rolling toward the wall and pulling his knees up to his chest. Having always been a light sleeper and even more so after two years in prison, Hux woke when he sensed someone approaching him from behind. Ren: right, Ren was here, allegedly piloting him toward a reunion with his long lost mother, though possibly just lying and doing something nefarious that would re-ruin Hux’s life. Hux could hear Ren breathing as he leaned down to drape a blanket over him. When Hux pulled the thing up over his shoulder he realized it wasn’t a blanket: it was Ren’s robe, scratchy against Hux’s cheek and still warm from the heat of Ren’s body. “I sensed you were cold,” Ren said. He sounded defensive, though Hux had not even opened his eyes. “Stop sensing things about me,” Hux said. “I can’t.” “Why not, because you’re--” Again, the temptation to clarify whether Ren loved him anymore arose and was squashed. “How long was I asleep?” he asked instead. “Like three minutes.” “Would you fit?” Hux asked, scooting toward the wall. He had little reason to bother with dignity, he decided, and the body heat Ren had infused the robe with was already fading. Hux looked over his shoulder when Ren didn’t respond. Begging, because why not. “I haven’t tried sleeping here since I was a kid,” Ren said. Sad eyes in full effect. “Ren, what are you ever talking about? Since you were a kid?” “This was my father’s ship.” That stunned Hux into silence, and he stared at the wall. The cot was built into the wall, a shelf-like nook that was certainly too short for Ren, because if Hux extended his feet they would touch one end of it while his head brushed the other. Ren managed to fit behind him just barely, drawing his knees up behind Hux’s. Ren was clearly as out of practice with human touch as Hux was. He made noises under his breath and writhed clumsily against Hux’s back as he tried to get comfortable in the bed. It was too small for the both of them and yet somehow they also fit perfectly within it. The phenomenon made Hux sigh and shift through his own awkward attempt to adjust to this feeling, this thing he had asked for that Ren was trying to give, all these years too late and still without Hux’s forgiveness. Hux decided this was simply a stalemate, to keep him sane until the encounter with Clove. He decided he just needed Ren’s body heat. It was already working like a magic potion, making Hux feel human again. “Fuck,” Ren said, muttering this against the back of Hux’s neck when he’d finally gone still, his breath warm even through the heavy fabric of the robe. “What?” Hux asked, pressing back to jab Ren with his arse, to make him say whatever he was thinking. “Nothing. You smell good.” Hux snorted and considered his question about Ren still loving him answered then, though he supposed he should have taken the prison break as evidence enough, or the memory Ren had shown him of his clumsy fingers tenderly repairing Hux’s old toy. Hux wasn’t sure how he felt about Ren in turn. Mostly he felt disbelief, which was different from distrust. Hux couldn’t decide if it was a step up or down. Perhaps it wasn’t that simple, not a matter of distance or height or anything that could be measured. He reached back and captured Ren’s arm, pulling it around himself for purposes of heat insulation. “So you did have parents,” Hux said when he felt Ren breathing in the scent of him again. “A father, anyway.” “Yes. Han Solo.” “Han Solo? The Rebellion pilot?” “He wouldn’t have described himself that way. He was a smuggler. A liar, too. I think he taught me how to lie. And that there was always some awful true thing at the center of every lie. And the true thing always catches up with you eventually.” Ren clearly hadn’t talked with anyone in quite some time; he seemed overly eager to blurt everything that came into his head. Hux was pleased to realize this. He jabbed Ren with his arse again, more casually this time. Ren was snug around him, his breath beginning to calm. He adjusted his grip on Hux with caution, his heart pounding against Hux’s back. “Wait,” Hux said, stiffening. “Wasn’t Solo married to General Organa, at some point?” “No. But they did have a child together.” “ You ? Surely not!” “Why not?” “Why not, well, good question, why not anything. I guess that’s no more surprising than the fact that I’ve left prison to board Kylo Ren’s father’s ship.” Or that being held by Ren felt like this again, like it always should have, one restored memory and he had it all back. “It’s my ship now,” Ren said. “My father-- Died.” “Sorry for your loss,” Hux said, with more sarcasm than he’d intended. Ren shifted and sighed again, buried his face against Hux’s shoulder. “I wish I had defied Snoke sooner,” Ren said, his voice muffled. “On Arkanis,” he added, as if Hux didn’t know. “What would have happened?” Hux asked. “Starkiller would not have been completed.” “And Snoke needed it for that one successful blow. Five years of my life for five planets Snoke wanted destroyed. He knew the weapon would only ever fire once?” “If he did, he didn’t tell me.” “Was his blood black, when you cut off his head? I always imagined it would have been black.” “It was red.” “Well, fuck.” Ren’s shoulder flinched, and it took Hux a moment to realize that had been a kind of laugh. He felt himself smiling at the wall, wondering if Ren would sense it. “Would it have felt right like this?” Hux asked, to wipe the smile off his face. “All those years, would we have had this every night? If I’d not seen her that day?” “I don’t think so. Snoke would have found some other way to demand that I betray you. He could have wiped the memory of your mother himself, or forbidden the shore leave entirely. It was to his advantage to let it happen the way it did. He needed you to hate me.” “Why.” “Because if you hadn’t, we would have had too much power. You and I, together.” “Because if I didn’t hate you, I would have had no other choice but to fall so madly in love with you that I would have put my loyalty to you above all else? Right, certainly. Arrogant arsehole.” “You were already starting to, before--” Ren trailed off, wisely. “I was mad with grief.” “Mhm. Okay.” “And what would my mother have said,” Hux asked, glaring at the wall, “If I’d caught up to her that day? Or if I’d found her later, if you hadn’t assaulted my memory? What magical wisdom would she have dispensed, powerful enough to take down Starkiller?” “I don’t know. You’ll have to ask her when we get there.” Hux went very still, overcome with an icy fear that had nothing to do with Ren or with being held in Ren’s arms. He rolled over against Ren’s chest, wanting to disappear into this feeling until he had to face reality again. Ren sensed this, in whatever fashion. He moved slowly, still waiting to be rejected, pushing one arm under Hux’s neck and tucking it across his shoulders before sliding the other across his back. “I saw my mother,” Ren said when Hux had been quiet in his grip for a while. “It didn’t go well.” “Sorry to hear it,” Hux said. “It could have been worse,” Ren said, muttering this against Hux’s forehead. Hux thought of his own encounter with Organa. He decided not to mention it. “I’m sure this won’t go well either,” he said. He didn’t know Clove, not really, and she would only know him from his planet-destroying exploits and painful memories. “But it’s got to be done. It’s something you owe me, if nothing else.” Ren grunted in seeming agreement. He told Hux what had happened in the war, confirming that the First Order had crumbled to dust. Ren credited himself, for having killed Snoke, though he said he did that for personal reasons. The New Republic gave him no credit for this help, and there were several massive bounties out for his head, beyond the legally enforceable warrant. Hux’s sense that Ren was desperate to talk to someone, and particularly to him, proved correct: Ren went on and on, not seeming to notice when Hux dozed off periodically. “What’s this?” Hux asked when he was drowsily rubbing Ren’s back, his hand sliding along a kind of strap. “Suspenders,” Ren said. “Suspenders?” “They hold up my pants.” Hux looked up into Ren’s face, stared blankly for as long as he could manage, and then burst into laughter. He’d forgotten what it felt like to really laugh, to be almost painfully unhinged by it, and he gave himself over completely, enjoying Ren’s obvious annoyance. “ They hold up my pants ?” Hux said when he could speak again, his face hot and his eyes leaking at the corners. “Did you really just say that?” “I-- Yes? What? That’s what they’re for.” Hux lost it again, burying his face against Ren’s chest. “You think-- you think I don’t know what suspenders are? That you have to inform me?” “Well. You asked.” “I-- Oh, fuck, Ren, when’s the last time you spoke to another living being?” “It’s been a while. Laugh it up, I guess.” Hux did, gladly. Ren scowled at him but eventually softened, hopefully because he remembered that he owed Hux such an enormous debt that no amount of Hux laughing at him could really be cruel enough. Hux didn’t feel hateful toward Ren, anyway. Maybe that would come later, but for now he was laughing out of a sort of fondness, if also, admittedly, a sense of triumph: so Ren had been alone all this time, too. Waiting, too. Ren left the bed to check the cockpit monitors and adjust their course, which he claimed needed random adjusting every half cycle or so, just in case. They were in some deep, quiet, untraveled space. Hux could feel it, even as he remained on the cot. There were certain quadrants of space that felt like being rocked to sleep by the galaxy. He remembered that from his years of living off-planet. He drifted off and woke to the feeling of Ren climbing in with him again, settling himself around Hux with slightly less awkward maneuvering this time. “All’s well?” Hux asked. When he lifted his face, his nose knocked against Ren’s. “Mhmm,” Ren said. The low vibration of that answer seemed to sneak into Hux’s ribs and seep downward. He shifted his legs and clamped them around Ren’s thigh when he pushed it up between them. “I haven’t forgiven you,” Hux said, because Ren’s face was still pressed to his and it was just a matter of time before what happened next, forgiveness or not. “Me either,” Ren said. “What did I ever do to you that warrants such a grudge?” “No, I meant. Me. I haven’t forgiven myself. For any of it.” “Oh. You said Snoke-- How old were you? When he came to you?” “About four. He was around before that, like a whisper from a dream, but. That was when he started telling me to do things. Or when I started listening to him, I guess.” “Why? I mean, why did you listen? Where were your parents?” Ren gave Hux a look as if to say, where were yours. And then they kissed, open-mouthed and hungry, mutually disinterested in continuing with that line of conversation or in anything but the way this still somehow, somehow felt. For Hux it was like being crushed beneath a bountiful weight and trying to pull more and more of it onto himself, wanting to absolutely drown beneath it, because he could still breathe in the dark depths where Ren took him and held him. The fear was there, too: not like it had been in the confused absence of his memory but more immediate and rational, mostly involving a steady reminder that good things were not ever held for long by the kitchen servant’s whelp. “I’m not a good thing,” Ren reminded Hux, with their mouths still pressed together. “Oh, right,” Hux said. He grinned and kissed Ren again, slipping all the way beneath the surface of him and finding the bits of himself that he’d left there. Of course Ren had a secret Hux box, of course, and it was hidden at the warm dark center of him, like the safest interior rooms of an armored ship, beside a Hux-shaped indent that invited him to settle right back into place. ** Clove was in bed watching buttery sunlight fill her room, still unable to sleep as long as she should have during the season when they only got five or six hours of darkness per cycle. She reached over to run her knuckles down her husband’s bare back, hoping for some company, but Leet was much better at sleeping than she had ever been. Part of her was still always waiting to be roused for the first drowsy knead of the morning or to feel a little hand tugging at her ear while she lay on her bedroll. Leet had been a stormtrooper when they left Arkanis together aboard a rickety transport that wasn’t designed for deep space travel and barely broke atmo, but he was naturally adaptive and always saying that his old life felt like it had been lived by somebody else entirely, like a holo film character he could only pity from where he stood now. Clove didn’t feel that way. Her old life seemed to be always butting up against her new one, maybe because her mother and five others from the old kitchen staff had accompanied them here, whereas Leet had been the only trooper in his platoon who was crazy enough to try a desperate escape with a group of panicked civilians in tow after his superiors abandoned the planet and the fight against the rebels. Or maybe it was because Clove still baked and cooked daily, while Leet had taken up carpentry and timber logging. Maybe it was because she’d gone back that time, just once. Rather than lying awake in bed berating herself for something she’d done five years ago, and then for all she’d done before that, Clove got up and dressed. She checked her data pad for messages from Mona, but there were none. Leet said this was normal, as if he knew what it was like to be a student of higher education himself. Their daughter took after him: optimistic and daring in a way that was a bit reckless, but lucky enough to get away with it so far. The New Republic’s free education system had extended to residents of their planet the same year that Mona turned eighteen, making her eligible. Clove still didn’t trust the New Republic entirely, but she didn’t trust anyone entirely with her daughter, though of course it was normal for children to leave home eventually, and this was a sunnier departure than one that involved the kind of drudgery Mona would have done for work without this opportunity. Still, taking handouts from the New Republic felt wrong. Mona would have laughed at Clove for saying so. Clove sent her a message asking if she wanted to come home and celebrate Life Day this year. Last year Mona had some kind of political objection to celebrating the holiday, because their family includes no wookiees. Clove checked and rechecked her data pad for a response as she moved about the kitchen, then clicked it back into powersave mode and went out to water the garden. Despite the abundant sunshine, the full heat of the day wouldn’t arrive for hours. Clove surveyed the progress of the things she’d planted at the start of the season as she activated the irrigators. Herbs were doing well but the vegetables weren’t as lush as she would have liked. The only thing she missed about Arkanis was the rain-fat produce that couldn’t be replicated here, no matter how well-watered she kept her crops. No, well. That wasn’t the only thing she missed. She had just finished up in the garden and was washing her hands at the spigot attached to the house when something made her look up across the field of blywheat that belonged to their nearest neighbors. She’d felt someone watching her from the edge of the field that touched her property, and she wasn’t frightened when she indeed saw him standing there. Maybe only because he had red hair. She so rarely saw it, and in fact hadn’t seen it on anyone since Brendol’s funeral, that day when her son had looked right through her as if she was as uninteresting as the winter-dead tree she’d stood beside, some anonymous old woman in the rain. Not like he was looking at her now. Because that was him. Armitage Hux, prisoner of the New Republic, serving a life sentence that would never be up for appeal, no visitors allowed until he’d served at least five years, and even that contingent on pristine good behavior. Only he was also walking toward her. As soon as she could make her legs work she hurried toward this apparition of her son, moving faster and faster, afraid that he would be gone as soon as the next cloud passed over the sun, or if she dared to blink. Armitage hurried, too, abandoning a flimsy attempt at stoicism once she was close enough to see that his lips were shaking. It was as simple as seeing that he was stricken, hurting, reaching for her: she reached out and pulled him to her, crushed herself around him and felt odd only for a moment, as she was not able to contain all of him tidily within her arms anymore. Whatever explanation there was for his solid presence here, on this planet, in her arms, breathing against her shoulder, would come whenever he wanted to give it. Until it did she held him and tried to either laugh or cry, making only some sort of sound that fell between the two until she put her hand over her mouth, not wanting to startle Armitage away with the force of her emotion. His face was wet when he finally lifted his head from her shoulder. He sniffled and dodged her eyes for a moment before letting her hold his face with both hands. He didn’t say Mummy but she heard it anyway, when he blinked out more tears and tried to smile. “You’ve escaped?” she said, looking around to make sure no one had seen them. Practical matters first: she wasn’t Arkansian for nothing, but Armitage was a genius and surely he had accounted for not being caught in the middle of a field. “I-- I was rescued.” Armitage laughed at himself and wiped his face. His voice sounded different than it did on the propaganda holos she’d watched with her heart in her throat. His face looked different, too, sweet and familiar. She helped him with his tears, sweeping her thumbs across his cheeks and ignoring her own when they fell. “Come,” she said, drawing him toward the house. “Inside, come on. You can hide with me for as long as you need to. I’m not afraid of the New Republic.” “They won’t find me, I’ve got a secret weapon.” He winced, maybe because he’d said the word weapon. Clove waved it away with her hand. She had sobbed when she confessed to Leet: that was my son, my baby, he’s that man on the holo that everyone wants to kill. Now it seemed like nothing. Clove brought him to the side of the house that looked out at the mountains, where the earth was too dry, where nobody lived. She’d always felt safest living here, on the very edge of civilization. As she sat with her back to the sun-baked eastern wall and drew Armitage against her again, into her arms, she knew why: her son had needed her to live here, to make a home that would be a place for him to hide. He had needed her all along, of course. Already she was kissing his head like he was a faultless baby, ready to shelter him against every fleet the New Republic had. Somehow she would do it, she would find a way. The time for resignation, when it came to Armitage, had long passed. “Don’t you hate me?” Armitage asked after he’d dried his eyes again. He was already looking at her as if he knew: of course not, never. He wanted to hear it, though. “That was all Brendol,” she said. “He wanted you to be that man. He gave you no choice.” “No, Mum-- ah--” Armitage peeked at her as if he wasn’t sure he was allowed to call her that. She kissed his cheek to tell him that he could. He was blushing, or sunburned. “I invented that weapon,” he said, quietly, as if they might be overheard. “Brendol couldn’t even have conceived of it. No one else could have. It’s all on me, it really is.” “So do you want to go back to jail? With your guilt?” “No, of course not.” “Then what do you want from me, a scolding? Let me-- Let me look at you first, before we get to that, let me give you something to eat, you look thin, has it been very hard? Has anyone helped you? Where are your rescuers now?” She heard herself babbling and put her hand over her mouth again, though Armitage was smiling, just a little, at the corner of his lips. “I had a single rescuer,” Armitage said. “He’s around. I told him I needed a moment with you alone. There’s so much-- I don’t even know where to begin.” “You don’t have to give me a speech.” She couldn’t stop touching his hair; it felt like a magic artifact she’d had as a girl, something that she’d convinced herself had never been real, to dull the pain of losing it. “I just want to sit here and look at you until the sun goes down,” she said. “I’d rather we talked,” Armitage said. “Of course, tell me everything, but don’t worry about where to start--” “The funeral,” Armitage said. His eyes changed, and she thought of the way they had been that day: in her worst remembrances of it she was sure that he had recognized her but didn’t want to anything to do with her and so had pretended not to know her, that he had not even been relieved to see she had survived the evacuation. “Brendol’s funeral,” he said, more firmly. “I don’t know if I can explain it, but I saw you and I was desperate to get to you. That man I was with--” “That tall dark one?” She remembered thinking him horribly menacing, wearing a mask like a creature in a story meant to scare children, but he’d also been holding an umbrella over Armitage as if he was a servant. “Yes, him.” Armitage took a deep breath and shook his head. “He was holding me hostage, let’s say. On behalf of the Supreme Leader. I wasn’t allowed to go to you. I was like a slave, for all my upbringing and education and supposed brilliance. I had no real control over my own life for years, and when they were done with me they tossed me to the wolves.” “Were they terrible to you in prison?” “No-- Yes, a bit, but it was all rather dreamlike and blank. But the point is, ah. They kept me away from you that day at the funeral because they were afraid you would reclaim me. That you would save me from, from finishing the weapon, from doing what I eventually did with it. And I think they were right and I-- I don’t know, I can’t really ask you what you would have said to me that day, if I’d run after you. Can I?” “You can ask me anything you want, anything.” She had to think about her response to that question, however. She looked out at the mountains for just a moment, holding Armitage’s hands between her own to keep him in place. Before she could come up with anything profound she turned back to him, needing to see him again, though looking at him made her mind empty of everything but soaring joy. It was the kind of thing she would have assumed she’d have had a hard time trusting, but now it seemed so solid that she couldn’t believe she had ever doubted that he would come back to her in time. “If you had run after me,” she said, remembering Brendol’s instructions when he’d made a holo locket recording of her before he left for his first deployment: Just wing it, Clover, you’ll be perfect no matter what . “I think I would have kidnapped you-- Yes, they were right, whoever was trying to keep you away from me. If I’d thought for even a moment that you wanted me, remembered me, missed me-- I would have dragged you back here with me. I’d learned my lesson by then about letting you go. About how it wasn’t for the best, and I’m so sorry-- My baby, my poor Armie, I-- It wasn’t the right thing, was it?” “Oh, who knows.” Armitage’s voice was thick, but his eyes were dry. He cleared his throat. “I did miss you, I missed you so much. But I got some things I wanted. Through the life you gave me.” Armitage turned to look at the approaching dark figure at the same time that Clove did. She squeezed her hands around his in alarm, but Armitage wasn’t frightened, and when Clove recognized the man’s clothing and stature and sloping walk she knew why. He wasn’t wearing a mask, but it was him, the same man who stood with Armitage at Brendol’s funeral and stole an umbrella from the squat man beside him to hold it over Armitage. “The one who held you hostage?” Clove said, not taking her eyes from him as he walked toward them. “Yes,” Armitage said. “But he was being held hostage, too, I later learned. That was the cruel joke of it. He’s not one of my captors anymore, he’s my-- Well. Whatever he is, he’s mine.” The man in black stopped walking then, just far enough from them to be out of earshot. He looked uncertain, like a boy for a moment, then like an angry adolescent, then just like an awkward man who was staring at Armitage, begging him for some sort of protocol. Clove turned to her son and saw what she had always wanted for him in his eyes: a sense of comfortable possibility, like he could have whatever he wanted. There was a cruel shine to it, something of Brendol, but it reminded Clove more of Mona’s look when she knew she could talk and charm her way into having something indulgent but harmless. “What’s his name?” Clove asked. Armitage turned to her and beamed. Clove hadn’t expected him to remember. She laughed and touched his face, let her eyes overflow. “Ren,” Armitage said. “Yes?” Ren called, from where he stood, wanting permission to approach. “He must have read your lips,” Clove said, laughing again. “He has all sorts of talents,” Armitage muttered, and he beckoned Ren closer. Clove had a partner who would do anything for her and knew the same when she saw it, now that she’d experienced it. Leet’s reckless sense of adventure would come in handy for harboring a fugitive, too. Mona would be harder to sway, but she was away for now, and this was her brother. She’d always wanted a sibling. The word itself had chiseled at Clove’s heart once. “Listen,” Armitage said, squeezing Clove’s hand again. “You should know-- Brendol ran out of the shuttle that day, during the evacuation, after he’d brought me aboard. He went looking for you. You should have seen the look on Maratelle’s face, she knew exactly why he’d-- And he kept all your things, your holo locket, and Hank, he let me keep Hank, sort of--” Armitage stopped talking when a shadow fell over them. They both looked at Ren. Clove had judged him as homely from a distance, but upon closer examination his face had a strange charm. Pretty eyes, anyway, and intelligent-looking. “Hello,” she said, and she turned back to Armitage. “I know,” she said, more softly. “I mean-- I didn’t know those things, thank you for telling me. But I knew Brendol loved me. And you, too.” They both looked at Ren, who had squatted down as if to conference with them. He had a scar across his face that surely had an unhappy story behind it. Clove held her hand out to him. “We’ll keep him safe here,” she said. “Won’t we?” “I-- Yes.” Ren shook her hand, too hard; his hand was enormous. “I never should have let anyone take him from me,” he said. Clove nodded, though she couldn’t untangle the good from the bad enough to wish any of it undone. In all that had bloomed from the biggest mistake she’d made, she’d met the real love of her life, she’d had Mona, and once she’d have said that going to bed with Brendol had been a mistake. Once she’d gone to the laundry and had been disappointed to only find rough uniform fabrics available for the construction of her son’s only toy. Now it seemed strangely prescient, perfect, an unchangeable thing. “I know exactly what you mean,” Ren said, staring at her with alarming intensity. “Stop that!” Armitage said, almost shouting. He glowered at Ren and turned back to Clove, petting her shoulder as if she was a frightened girl. “He reads minds,” Armitage said, wincing. “It’s terrible, I suppose I’m used to it in some awful way but I won’t have him doing it to you.” “I can’t help it,” Ren said-- To Armitage, angrily. And then, to Clove, with seeming sincerity: “I’m sorry.” “I--” She patted Ren’s hand, which she was still holding, then turned to Armitage. “What now, about mind reading?” “It’s a horrifically long and convoluted story,” Armitage said. Clove supposed that was true of plenty that they needed to discuss. She could hear Leet rousing inside the house, looking for her. She released Ren’s giant hand, touched Armitage’s face again and looked into his eyes. The pleading look on his face made her think of the night when he sneaked into the kitchen, how giddy with surprise she’d felt before Brendol turned up and reminded her that she ought to have been terrified that something might have happened to their baby while he made his way toward her. Now Armitage had ducked the entire galactic government to make his way back to her, to cling and hide and tell her that he needed her. This time she would not send him away. “Come on,” she said, brushing her thumb across Armitage’s cheek and then turning her smile on Ren. “Come inside. You’re home now.” They followed her toward the front door, whispering together. The way they bickered reminded her of the way she’d been with Brendol. She glanced up at the sky, blinking against the sun's glare as she sent a sort of bitter thank you his way, wherever he was or wasn’t. Wing it, Clover , he’d said. You’ll be perfect . She fell into Leet’s arms in the doorway and took a deep breath, ready now to really believe she could do it. ****