And So It Begins “L/N! Where is that goddamn coffee I ordered?!” your boss bellowed through the speaker of your cellphone as you scurried into the main lobby of Composite Engineering and Consulting, LLC. “Sorry! The line was out the door!” You half lied, shoving yourself and your carafe of coffee into an overstuffed elevator just as the doors closed. Your boss’s usual coffee shop had been ridiculously busy, there had been no way you were going to get in and out in under an hour, especially not with his complicated ass order. So you’d pilfered a couple of their coffee sleeves with the logo on them and headed to your second workplace to get a quality brew for his clients and him that morning.There were only so many times you could choke down what amounted to watered down piss anyways. What Motti didn’t know wouldn’t hurt him. It wasn’t much quieter at your weekend job. However, with your employee discount, it was a dollar and sixty-four cheaper than the commercial chain shop and you had the added benefit of catching a glimpse of your favorite regular in all his brooding, gorgeous haired glory. Nothing like a bit of eye candy on what you were almost certain was going to be a particularly shitty day. “I’ll be there in 5 minutes, tops.” You assured him as you inched out of the way for a balding gentleman to squeeze past you. It was another lie, there was no way you’d make it to the 10th floor in less than 5 minutes with as many people stuffed into the elevator as there were. “For God's sake… Fine, hurry up.” Motti grumbled, hanging up. ‘Rude…’ you mentally griped, bending your arm awkwardly to put your phone into your purse without bumping anyone around you too much or spilling your hard won coffee. A rather severe looking taller woman eyed you in disapproval when your arm brushed hers in your efforts. You offered her a sheepish grin and a half shrug. “Sorry, bosses, you know.” You offered in explanation before staring pointedly at your disguised coffee cups. Seeing as you had a bit of a wait and no one was really moving or talking (Was there a funeral you weren’t aware of or something? Everyone was so damn dour looking), you decided a sip of coffee would help take the edge off. As soon as your lips touched the lid of your cup, the elevator opened and a man came barrelling into the already cramped space. His broad shoulders bumped you roughly, causing you to spill your coffee down the front of your blouse and drop your cup. “Shit!” you hissed at the burning sensation, grip tightening on the remaining coffees because you’d be damned if you spilled those too. ‘Of all the days to wear fucking white…’ you lamented internally, trying not to hate the clumsy schmuck that had caused your predicament. “Ah, fuck! I’m so sorry!” said schmuck exclaimed, turning to face you. “It… happens...” you gritted out, trying to withhold your urge to lash out at him for your shitty day. It wasn’t the schmuck’s fault that your internship, while blessedly paid, didn’t pay nearly enough to deal with Motti’s insufferable attitude. Speaking of said schmuck, he was- well, he was something. Towering over you to the point you had to crane your neck to peer into his face, his body was not only unfairly tall but filled out nicely in a way that said that he exercised regularly but also occasionally ate that second slice of pizza. His skin was on the fairer side with several beauty marks noticeable on his face, which you found oddly alluring. His light brown eyes, framed by tousled wavy brown tresses, peered at you contritely as he chewed his bottom lip. Oh gods above , his lips were perfect- plump and pink and you wondered idly what they’d feel like pressed against you. The woman that had given you dirty looks earlier coughed awkwardly, alerting you to the fact that you were thoroughly eyefucking a stranger and likely making an already uncomfortable situation worse. “Yeah, well, I should’ve been paying more attention.” He replied as if oblivious to your lechery, taking a half step closer to you as the entire elevator cleared out. You looked around at the emptying elevator warily. Had ALL of them need to get out on that floor or was Mr. Tall, Dark, and Clumsy a wanted criminal and you were the only one left out of the loop? Sugar Lips gave you some breathing room once the elevator doors had closed and you found yourself rambling as an awkward silence passed between the two of you. “If you can empty an elevator that quickly, I should take you with me everywhere.” you blurted out. The brunette barked a laugh, running a hand through his hair as he gave you a cursory glance. “God, your shirt’s absolutely ruined. I’m Ben, by the way.” he said, flashing you a crooked smile while holding his hand out for you to shake. “I hadn’t noticed,” you rolled your eyes sarcastically. “Nice to meet you, Ben.” You introduced yourself, sliding your hand into his and marvelling at how big and warm his palms were compared to yours. “I didn’t know that it was wet T-shirt day at work. Someone should have sent a memo.” you snarked, peeling the front of your cold, wet blouse from your chest You were 99.9% sure that you’d given Ben quite an eyeful of your very unsexy nude bra. Your only hope was that the padding in it had hidden your hardened nipples and saved at least that much of your modesty. Christ, he hadn’t even taken you to dinner and he was getting a sneak peak of the goods. Not that he wanted to take you out. While you certainly wouldn’t turn down a fine man like him, you doubted he was hurting for female or male attention. “I really am sorry. Let me buy you a new one. When’s your lunch break?” Or maybe he was interested. But you weren’t going to get your hopes up. After all, who took a girl out to go clothes shopping on their first date? ‘ A keeper, that’s who. ’ your subconscious quipped. “I appreciate it, but there’s really no need to trouble yourself.” You lied for propriety’s sake. Normally, you didn’t care much for propriety, however, you found yourself wanting to impress Ben, with his boyishly handsome smile and broad shoulders. As a fresh out of college intern with mountains of student loans to pay along with the absurd cost of city living, it wasn’t like you had many opportunities to buy new clothes. You had to work two jobs just to barely scrape by. Hell, the blouse Ben ruined was from when you’d played in concert band in high school. However much you wanted to accept his generous offer, you still felt the gnawing pull of guilt at the thought. “No, no, I insist.” Ben pressed, his grin melted any resistance you might have had. “I suppose it’s okay. What kind of girl turns down free clothes, after all?” You attempted to joke, though your tone was unconfident. “Great! So, when is your lunch break? I can meet you in the lobby.” “Err… Maybe we can do it tomorrow? At noonish? I don’t mean to flake, but my boss is already pretty pissy about it taking so long for me to get his coffee. I don’t think I’ll get a lunch break today.” you replied to his question just as the elevator reached your floor. “Isn’t that illegal?” Ben asked, his arm shooting out to stop the doors from ending your conversation. “I intern for Motti, he’s pretty old school.” you shrugged noncommittally. By ‘old school’, you’d meant he was a dick. “Speaking of, I’ve got to get going. The old man’s gonna blow his lid if I take much longer. If you still want to spend money on a stranger after you’ve had a day to think on it, I’ll meet you tomorrow!” you called out over your shoulder, scurrying as fast as you could to Motti’s office. Conan Antonio Motti was not pleased with you. Not that he was ever pleased, but he seemed particularly peeved. You thought it might be because of the coffee fiasco earlier, but he’d been appeased enough over the fact that his and his client’s coffee had been just a hair above lukewarm by the fact that your own coffee had been dumped all over you. You wracked your brain trying to figure out what you might have done wrong. You thought you’d managed to charm his clients pretty well. If anything, they were more insulted by Motti’s unique brand of pigheadedness than any clumsy or off-color thing you may have said. Maybe he hadn’t liked the changes you’d made to his proposal for the Reyes project? Although suggesting the use of marine grade stainless steel fittings over brass on a partially submerged, ocean facing condominium was just plain common sense and an oversight on Motti’s part. It honestly wasn’t even that big of an adjustment and while it would have overshot the budget, you’d found ways to compensate for the slight expense. “Y/L/N!!” Motti barked out, his face scarlet. “Yes, sir?” You replied, tearing your eyes away from the financial reports from your last project. “Once you finish that, pack up. You’ve got the rest of the day off.” he grumbled, glaring at you as if it was your fault he decided to let you go early. A couple minutes into resuming your perusal of the financial review, you noticed an icon in the corner of your screen indicating a new message on your work e-mail account. ‘That’s strange.’ you thought to yourself, clicking on your inbox. Other than Motti, you usually only received the monthly firm newsletter. You never used the account except on those rare days when your boss decided to work from home. Motti didn’t trust you to take care of correspondence with his clients for some reason. The man had so many control issues. Your eyes widened incredulously at the sender listed: bsolorgana@cecllc.org . Why in the world was the president of the firm e-mailing you? The highest person on the proverbial firm food chain you’d ever dealt with was Armitage Hux, who had hired you and then promptly acted like you didn’t exist. With dread in your heart, you opened the message. ‘Hey kid, I cleared your schedule for this afternoon so I could make good on my promise. Meet you in the lobby in 15! Yours Truly, Ben ;)’ Fuck. Chapter 2 : Chapter 2 Summary: Still don't own the Star Wars franchise! Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You made it down to the lobby in eleven minutes and forty-three seconds, your cardigan buttoned all the way up to hide as much of the massive coffee stain on your blouse as possible. You tried not to dwell too much on whether the president of the firm, Ben, was flirting with you or if he was just being overly generous. Your stomach was already twisting itself into knots as it was. You hadn’t been out alone with a man you were attracted to in over a year at least. It didn’t matter if it wasn’t a date, you were very likely still going to be giving him moon-eyed glances and embarrassing yourself. Ben wasn’t hard to pick out of the crowd, being easily a head taller than most of the people bustling about either on their way to lunch or returning. He looked just as beautiful as he had in the elevator, although his appearance fit more the part of president standing there with a suit jacket on and his hair in slightly less disarray than it had been earlier. He was talking animatedly on his phone, his face wildly expressive as he gesticulated as though the person on the other line could see him. You wondered idly how old he was exactly. He didn’t look all that much older than you and from what you’d seen of his behaviour, he didn’t act much older either. However, although Composite Engineering and Consulting was a relatively new firm, it had been around long enough that it had already made an excellent reputation for itself. That would put Ben in at least his early to mid-30s, about a decade older than you. Was he married? The crowd was too thick for you to pass through easily, so you jumped and waved your arm to get Ben’s attention. It would be far easier for him to get to you than the other way around. What you wouldn’t give for a little bit of his height and presence. Might as well throw his good looks in, too. Some people had all the luck. The brunette spotted you, a broad smile spreading over his face as he quickly wrapped up his phone call and headed towards you. Watching him walk through all those people was like watching the parting of the Red Sea. He gave no indication that he even realized the volume of the crowd and for their part, everyone simply let him pass through without the slightest hint of irritation. “Hey, kid! Sorry if I surprised you by pulling rank. I know Motti’s kind of a dick sometimes.” Christ on a bicycle, you were smitten. He thought Motti was a dick, too. And he’d saved you from another lunchless day to buy you a new blouse. You were halfway through planning your honeymoon when you remembered he probably had a wife. By your estimations, he was likely at that age when most men settled down, if they hadn’t already. Also, the implications that would be made should you pursue anything with him would be damning. You weren’t a homewrecker and you definitely didn’t want to appear as though you’d slept your way to the top, should you eventually become an actual employee. It would be just as humiliating if you were let go despite, or even because of, having a relationship with him. Mood effectively dampened, you offered him a placid smile. “He gets the job done well, at least. And yeah, I had no idea you were the president. I’ve only ever met with Mr. Hux.” you explained, slightly embarrassed by your lack of knowledge about the higher ups of the firm. “I usually leave all the hiring and firing to Armitage. He has a good eye for that stuff and the power high he gets from it does wonders for his personality.” Ben chuckled. You bit back your laughter and did your best to nod nonchalantly, not sure how much you could get away with saying or agreeing to. You were sure you probably looked constipated. It seemed awkward now to be so friendly with someone so high up on the food chain. Part of you wished Ben was just another intern like yourself. “Hey now, don’t go all quiet on me. Part of why I wanted to take you out, other than genuinely feeling bad about your shirt, is because your personality is refreshing. It gets boring when everyone is constantly pandering to me because they want something.” Ben admitted as the two of you walked out of the building and got into a taxi. “Full disclosure, this whole thing kind of… intimidates me? I don’t want people to draw conclusions that are socially damning and incorrect and I certainly don’t want to piss your wife off if this is just you wanting platonic company.” You confessed, seeing no point in pussyfooting around the subject. Ben outright laughed at you, telling the cab driver where to go between chuckles before he addressed you. You tried not to be offended. “Full disclosure,” he mimicked, “I don’t have a wife and don’t plan on settling down anytime soon. I just like surrounding myself with beautiful women and you’re beautiful, intelligent, and pretty funny when you’re embarrassed, if I’m being honest.” You felt the blood rush to your face, blooming in your cheeks at his easy way of complimenting you. He said it as though those traits were as obvious as the sunlight through the clouds or the staccato rhythm of your heart. “This can be whatever you want it to be. If you want this to be platonic, that’s fine. If you want it to be more, I’m definitely open to that, too. I will warn you in advance that I’m not exactly into monogamy right now. On the flip side of that, if something more is what you’re looking for, I don’t mind if you see other guys too. Life’s too short to be worried about attachments.” Ben further explained. ‘Is this what fuckboys grow up into?’ you pondered, although his blunt way of speaking was something you appreciated. You weren’t exactly looking for a committed relationship either. Much as you liked fantasizing about settling down, there was still so much you wanted to experience. That, and you didn’t want to burden anyone or be burdened with a cloying, desperate kind of love. Being more focused on yourself and your career suited you just fine at the moment. “Will this affect my job in any way? I don’t want preferential treatment and I don’t want to be treated unfairly should things turn sour.” You asked as the cab pulled up the the curb of Macy’s. “You really don’t beat around the bush, kid.” Ben noted, his voice overflowing with mirth. “I don’t see a point in it.” you shrugged noncommittally. You were somewhat surprised when Ben got out of the taxi first and stretched his hand out to help you. Hot, rich, and gentlemanly? Maybe you were wrong about the fuckboy comment. It wasn’t bad to know what you wanted and be upfront about getting it. You tried to ignore the stares you received as you walked into Macy’s beside Ben. He naturally drew attention and the dismissive looks the women in the store gave you told you that they likely thought you to be his mousy assistant or something. Not that you blamed them, but they could be a little less obvious about it. “I don’t foresee it affecting that. I mean, you’ve got the job anyways.” Ben answered easily, guiding you towards the women’s department. “W-What?” you stood stock still, blinking up at the brunette with wide eyes. “Oh shit, I wasn’t supposed to tell you that. Armitage likes to tell younger new hires like you that the job isn’t guaranteed to keep you from getting lazy. Sorry.” Ben scratched the back of his head sheepishly. “Promise you won’t tell Tall, Scary, and Ginger? He’d kill me if he knew I let it slip.” The behemoth of a man actually gave you puppy dog eyes. You imagined he’d be more convincing if he were smaller and more vulnerable looking. Still, with him looking so ridiculously pitiful, you didn’t have it in you to say no, even if you’d wanted to. You’d probably give him both of your kidneys if he asked you with those gorgeous brown eyes. You made a zipping gesture over your mouth, turned the lock, and threw away the key. His responding smile made your heart beat a little faster as it spread wide and brilliant across his face. “That’s my girl.” he doted. Finding a new blouse wasn’t difficult and when Ben went to pay for it with his Visa Black Card, you tried not to dwell on the great disparity between your stations in life. It was depressing. Done with your shopping, Ben took you out to lunch at a Thai place a couple blocks away. It was the first time you’d been out to eat in months and you tried your hardest to not messily devour your food like some uncultured swine. Regardless of your efforts to eat daintily, you still got sauce on your cheek. Ben wiped it off with his thumb, eyes twinkling in amusement as he sucked it clean. You both shared a cab on your way home, Ben insisting that you be dropped off first. You thanked him for the afternoon, telling him you hadn’t enjoyed yourself like that in a while. It wasn’t disingenuous, you meant it from the bottom of your heart. Ben was a giant ball of reckless energy. It made you feel as though all of your worries were somehow not as important or overwhelming as they seemed. Ben grabbed your wrist before you could fully exit the taxi. “Please think about what we talked about earlier. I really do like you and would like to get to know you more.” His voice was sincere as he said it, his massive hand that had easily circled your wrist releasing it almost as soon as he’d touched you. “I will. Goodbye, Ben.” you smiled, feeling sexy and powerful as you walked into the lobby of your apartment building. The taxi drove away only when you were safely inside. When you got into your apartment, you put your things away and changed into more comfortable clothes before starting a kettle on the stove for tea. You flipped open your laptop and logged into your work e-mail account just to see if Motti had left you any notes about any of the projects you were working on for him or if he needed you to bring anything in for work the next day. There was one new message from Motti, as you’d expected. There was no subject so you clicked on it, curious about what he could possibly need. Y/N, I bet you’re feeling pretty important right now. You’re not. Organa-Solo flirts with all the cute, young interns. He’ll get bored of you, I know it. Regards, Motti Blood rushed to your face and chest so fast, you were almost light headed as fury clouded your mind. You could feel your nails biting into your palms. 'What a fucking prick!’ you internally raged, the desire to hurl your computer into the wall across the room nearly overwhelming. That would be fiscally irresponsible of you though. You could barely afford the few things you did have, throwing a tantrum was not something you could pay for. So you decided to do the next best thing. Quickly changing your clothes, you grabbed your beat up iPod before storming out of your home. You were going to listen to loud, angry music and work out your frustrations at the gym. ‘ Fuck Motti .’ Notes: Hey guys, I'm sorry to say this but due to RL stuff, this fic is going to be on hiatus until my other story, 'Until Next Time' is done. There are only about 4-5 chapters left of that and I update that weekly. I'll try to squeeze out another chapter of this sometime between now and when my other story's finished but updates won't be regular. Sorry!