His eyelids are heavy, the balls below scratchy and aching like he’s dunked his whole head into an acid bath. He isn’t even tired, it’s… it’s that nagging feel-bad that can’t be pinned down. Kylo just wants to go to bed and sleep, but he knows his mood is too charged to let him. His mind fleets between thoughts rapidly, and he’s half convinced he should lie down and scream, and half convinced he should find somewhere electrical to destroy. The worst part is there’s nothing to fix. No single point of failure, just a stream of microaggressions and niggles that have burst his banks. That, or something he’s yet to pinpoint. He slumps onto the couch, then lies down on his side. A cushion between his bent knees and chest, and he can’t even turn the holo on. It’s ages until Poe comes home, and Kylo can’t even sit up to greet him. He just follows with his eyes, sighing. “Ky… you okay, buddy?” “Meh,” he replies, feeling guilty. Poe walks over, and feels his forehead. “Your temperature feels okay. You hot? Cold?” Kylo nods to the second, and then a blanket is wrapped around him. He huddles into it, so only above his nose is visible. “Sorry.” “It’s okay. You had anything to eat?” Shake. “Want anything?” Harder shake. “Manage chocolate milk?” Think. Think. Nod. “Be right back,” Poe says, kissing his hair. Kylo feels awful letting Poe wait on him, but he also doesn’t think he’d remember to breathe right now if it wasn’t autonomic. Kylo squirms up the side of the couch, and flops over the edge. When Poe returns with the chocolate milk, he barely manages the hands to hold it. Tiny sips. Fight the nausea. Hold the cool liquid over the tongue, then swallow. Poe climbs onto the other side of the couch. "If you wanna talk about it, that's fine. If you wanna cuddle first, that's fine too." "Can... we... just chill?" The request is hard to make, but he knows Poe needs some feedback, some insight. He's rewarded with a pile of cushions placed strategically over Poe's lap and side, ready for maximum comfort. "Want a straw? I forgot I picked one up." Kylo nods, then shuffles his wrap so he can lean on Poe. The straw in his mouth, and he slurps with satisfaction. The sharp edges under his tongue and the tiny gushing waterfall sensation is so soothing. Poe plays with his hair, and Kylo chews his straw when his drink is finished. The crunch and bounce are weirdly satisfying, and he stuffs the whole thing inside, letting it try to wiggle free. Chomp. Chomp. Chomp. "If you feel up to it, I could kinda get behind an easy holo?" Poe suggests. This time the thought is easier. Kylo nods, purring around the remains of his straw. He's so, so lucky to have Poe. So, so lucky. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 77 of the The Pilot and his Knight series Next Work →