Rey remembered a few good things ever happening on Jakku, they were always few and far between, but when they were good, they were pretty good. One of the few things she remembered was a koyo melons, she only got them once on Jakku after a particularly good haul, and they were the most delicious things she ever ate in her entire life. She didn’t know where they came from, and after that one day she was sure she’d never get to eat one again, but so many things had changed since that day. Rey didn’t even know she was stealing a piece of one off of Poe’s plate at one of their lunches together until she put it in her mouth and froze. “What?” Poe asked curiously, looking over at her. “Don’t like it?” “No, no.” Rey mumbled, chewing up the piece of fruit quickly so she could speak. “Is that a koyo melon?” “Yeah.” Poe answered with a grin. “How’d you know that?” “I had them once on Jakku, only the one time, but they’re delicious.” Rey happily replied, reaching out and stealing another piece of it off of Poe’s plate. “What if I told you I know a place that has a ton of these?” Poe asked with a smirk. “Are you serious?” Rey asked, her eyes wide and filled with happiness as she looked over at Poe with the biggest smile on her face. “Completely serious.” Poe assured her with a grin of his own. “I’ll take you out there tomorrow.” “I can’t wait.” Rey grinned, stealing more and more pieces of fruit off of Poe’s plate, and all Poe could do was just smile and laugh. It wasn't a date, not really, or at least that's what Poe had to tell himself a million times over the course of one night. He liked Rey, that much was apparently obvious to everyone on the base except for Rey herself. Even little BB-8 seemed to sense that Poe liked Rey more than his usual friends and kept questioning why Rey was the only one he was taking back home. By the time morning came, Poe was understandably nervous for their little outing and Rey possibly getting scared off by the idea of a date even being possible. Thankfully, unlike anyone else on base, Rey was still her usual self, her hair down and a big smile on her face, she was even dressed casually in just a shirt and jeans instead of her usual ready to leap into battle attire; it took all his strength to not just stare at her. “You ready to go?” Poe quickly asked, keeping his eyes on hers. “Yeah, the Falcons all ready to go.” Rey replied happily. “I'll let you drive, Chewie doesn't like it much when other people are in his seat.” Poe was trying to contain his excitement now, a sort of date with Rey along with getting to fly the Falcon sounded nearly perfect; he just hoped she would have as good a day as he was. In the short time it took for them to get to Yavin 4 from the base, Rey had managed to ask him a million questions about where exactly they were going, she wasn't very fond of surprises as it turned out, even though this was a pleasant one. He told her the planet and some of his stories growing up there, but he didn't tell her his house also happened to be a farm that grew tons of koyo melons until they landed and she saw all the plants for herself. “I can't believe you grew up in a place like this.” Were the first words out of her mouth, her eyes fixated on the scenery surrounding her. “It's beautiful.” “My parents grew it all from nothing.” Poe said. “It was all just dirt when they got here.” “Wow.” Rey said, breathlessly. “Well, I hope you're hungry, because it looks like the koyo melons are ready to be picked.” Poe smirked and pointed out the plants ripe with koyo melons to her. They sat under the Force tree and ate and talked for hours, enjoying the peace and quiet of the farm instead of the usual commotion on the base. Rey told him about the very first time she ate these things, and Poe told her of how he almost killed the Force tree while trying to harvest the melons as quickly as he could as a kid. They could have easily stayed there all day if they wanted, Rey leaning on his shoulder with stains from the fruit on her shirt, and Poe with his hand on the small of her back and dying to hold her just a bit closer. “So, uh, did you have fun?” Poe asked, trying to distract himself and keeping things just friendly between them. “I got to stuff my face with the most delicious fruit I’ve ever tasted, with someone that I like spending time with, of course I had fun.” Rey smiled, sitting up a bit now, though Poe kept his hand just above her waist. “Thanks for bringing me out here, it was nice to just get away from there for a bit...and to see where you grew up.” “I’ll bring you back here again before they go out of season for the year.” Poe promised her. Without a word, Rey leaned over and pressed a kiss to his cheek before pulling away quickly, a bright red blush quickly spreading across her cheeks. Poe wanted to return the kiss, but instead of getting her cheek since she had turned to speak, he kissed her right on the lips and lingered a bit longer than he probably should have to brush it off as just a mistake. “Sorry.” Poe mumbled as he pulled away, though he wasn’t really and enjoyed every second of that kiss. “It’s okay.” Rey shrugged, biting her lower lip and trying to control her blushing, though she was failing at doing so. “Uh, we should probably go back, right?” “Yeah.” Poe nodded, getting to his feet first before helping Rey up off the ground. “We’ll come back.” “Good.” Rey smiled. “Of all the planets I’ve seen, I think this is my favorite one.” “You’re just saying that because of the melons.” Poe smirked. “They might have something to do with it.” Rey laughed.