“Oh my god, look at this Finn, this is so cool!” “Yep, I see it. Rey, can’t we just stuck to the shopping list?” “No, Finn, there’s so much more to do. I don’t even know why you’re so insistent we go to this thing, let alone actually make a dish for them.” She glanced back to watch him huff and look up to examine a small painting. After a moment he hummed and forked over a couple of dollars to the vendor and put the art in his bag. Rey laughed a little at him and shook her head, amused. He just gave her a look and held up his little shopping list. “Can we get all of this first, then we can look around?” Rey chuckled a little bit and nodded. “Yeah, yeah, we can do that.” Finn sighed a little, satisfied with that, and let Rey lead him around the market. She had discovered the market one day, after she had quit her job at Plutt's. She had been walking around the city when she had wandered into a little market set up in the park. After a little walking about, she had quickly decided that she enjoyed it there, and she wanted to come back. The park was lovely, and the people there were incredibly friendly, the crafts were beautiful, and the food was absolutely delicious. When Finn had come to her with his recipe, she had had known exactly where to go, even if she disagreed with the purpose for the recipe. The two of them went back and forth around the market, buying up the ingredients they needed, and, if they really could resist, they would buy something else. Soon enough, Finn had bought everything he needed, so they were able to look around a little before he needed to get home and cook for the next day. The pair looked around, mostly fawning over things that they weren't going to buy, and even though Finn had come into the market with a one track mind, he seemed to be enjoying himself. Rey was relieved too, because he had been stressed about the whole Christmas event, and he needed to relax. His foster family had invited him to their Christmas dinner, and even though he knew that the invite had just been a formality, he was dead set on going. The family had never gotten along, and while Rey and Finn had been in college, he had told all numbers of stories. The head of the house was Snoke, the father of Finn's foster mother, Phasma. She had one other foster son, Hux, who had been absolutely awful to deal with, and made Finn miserable. The three of them had been haughty and prejudiced, and unsupportive in all of his endeavours. Sometimes he still didn't know how he got out of there without having a breakdown. But he still wanted to go to Christmas Dinner, because, after all of that, he had gone out and become a very well known author, and he wanted to flaunt that. While he wasn't a J.K. Rowling, he had made quite a name for himself, and there were talks for a movie deal in the process. Although he absolutely hated his foster family, he wanted to show off everything he had done, without their help or their encouragement. He wanted to show off, and even though Rey disapproved, she had agreed to go as his date. Eventually, they found themselves at a little stand that was selling little metal and wire sculptures, and Rey was enamoured. She hunched over each and every one, gushing about how amazing they all were. After a moment, she held up a bird made of metal sheets and showed it to Finn. “Look at this, Finn, isn't it amazing?” she enthused, quickly looking at the little price tag. Finn was only able to nod before a voice chimed in. “I'm glad you like it! I made that one, actually.” Both Finn and Rey turned to look at the two people who were sitting behind the stand, who were both smiling at them. There was a black haired woman - who had been the one to speak up, and a man with very wavy hair. Both of them were undeniably attractive people, although Finn felt himself drawn to the man. He looked incredibly kind, his brown eyes looking inviting and warm, and there were laughter lines encircling his pleasantly plump lips, and crows feet at the corners of his eyes. Slight stubble dotted his jaw, and a few stray curls fell over his forehead and above his eyebrows. Rey, in the meantime, was more attracted to the woman, who was smiling up at Rey. Her black hair was pulled into a ponytail, and wisps of hair fell over her forehead. She had full cheekbones, that were tinted slightly pink, and smiling eyes, that gleamed with warmth. Her lips were curled up in a small smile, and Rey couldn't help but smile back. After a moment she realized that the woman had been the one to speak up and she smiled and nodded. “You did? That's amazing!” she exclaimed, grinning. The woman laughed. “Thank you!” she smiled at her and then gestured to the bird. “It's all yours if you want it.” Rey nodded eagerly, setting it down on the counter so that she could dig through her purse for the money she needed. “I've never seen you guys here before, are you new?” she asked as she passed the woman the money. “Yeah, actually.” The man spoke up, offering a smile at them both, one that Finn returned happily. He hadn't been able to stop looking at the man, and even when he had been trying to examine some of the crafts, he kept on looking towards the man. He was incredibly gorgeous, and Finn was awfully tempted to ask for his number. “We saw the market a few weeks ago, and we wanted in, so we figured we'd make some crafts with scrap metal, see what happens. And our boss has given us a few days off for the holidays, so we had plenty of time to get this all set up.” Rey nodded and took the little bag that was offered to her, securing the little sculpture so she could set it on her mantle or nightstand later. After a moment, Finn blurted out, “Can I have your number?” to the man, before looking absolutely horrified with himself. He only laughed and nodded, grabbing a pen and writing his personal number on the back of a bag, handing it to Finn, who beamed and looked down at the number. “Poe?” He glanced up at the man, who winked. “That's me.” “Nice to meet you, Poe. I'm Finn.” The pair smiled at each other, and Rey began to get an idea. Before she could give it any thought, the bag was taken from her hands and she jumped, moving to snatch it back. “Hey!” She exclaimed, only to find herself looking at an amused looking Jess who was scribbling on the back of the bag. “Relax, I’m not stealing your things, I’m just writing down my number. My name is Jess, by the way.” Rey grinned at that and accepted the bag again, looking at the scrawled number before looking up once more. “Thank you. I’m Rey.” she smiled at Jess. For a moment, they all stood there, admittedly a little awkwardly, until Rey cleared her throat. “Well, we should probably get going, I guess. I’ll call you.” she added to Jess, who smiled and nodded. “And I’ll call you, Poe.” Finn said to Poe, offering a small wave to the man, who happily returned the wave and smiled at him. “I’m counting on it, buddy.” Finn chuckled and with that, he and Rey left the stand, both of them looking back at different times as they left. They wandered around the market some more, although Rey was unusually quiet as they walked around. She was thinking on her earlier idea, and the more she thought about it, the more she thought it was a great idea. A small smirk formed on her lips, and it grew slowly. Finn found her silence, and her grin to be unsettling, and as they headed out of the market, asked: “What are you doing?” “Oh just thinking.” She replied brightly, which only served to freak Finn out more. Before he could ask what she was thinking about, she added, “I have an idea.” Uh oh. That was never good. The ratio of Rey’s good ideas to bad ideas was not great, and a lot of them were just a little dangerous. Some were good, like when they stole a runt puppy who was going to be put down, but most did involve running and cursing. Finn sounded hesitant when he asked, “What kind of idea…?” Either Rey didn’t sense his apprehension, or she didn’t care, because she continued to sound excited. “A great one.” At the raising of Finn’s eyebrow, she carried on. “I was thinking about your Christmas dinner, and I’ve decided not to come,” Before Finn could protest, she shushed him, “I’ve been thinking, and I think the best ‘fuck you’ would be to bring a boy to Christmas dinner, maybe say he’s just a friend who didn’t have a dinner, and then make out with him. Maybe you’ll give Snoke a heart attack or something. Again Finn looked ready to protest, but he looked like he was giving it some thought. He began nodding his head a little, looking interested. After a moment he frowned again and shook his head. “As delightful as it sounds to do that to them all, you realize I don’t have a boy to bring to Christmas dinner, right? I have no one to make out with.” He thought it was a solid point, but she only gave a rather evil looking grin. “Oh my sweet, sweet summer child.. That’s where I come in.” She said simply, grabbing his hand. It was rare for Rey to take his hand. To say Finn was concerned would be an understatement. “I was born in the winter not-- Rey!” He was interrupted as Rey took off running, dragging him behind her. He yelled apologies as they went racing past startled people, his legs struggling to keep up with Rey’s running. When they finally stopped, Rey let go of Finn’s hand, and he straightened his shirt to look around. The market was starting to close up, as it only lasted until early afternoon, and a lot of the stalls had either gone or were starting to close up. Finally Finn realized where they were as he caught sight of brown curly hair just under the stall counter, packing his things. He was about to stop Rey, because now he knew exactly what her plan was. She just grinned at him and cleared her throat, prompting Poe to glance up and smile at the sight of them. “Hey there guys? What’re you doing here?” his smile faltered briefly as he noticed the mildly alarmed look on Finn’s face. “Is everything alright?” Rey piped up. “Yeah, everything’s fine. We’ve just got a question for you.” Poe stood and tilted his head, encouraging Rey to continue. At this point, Finn resigned himself to whatever was about to happen, figuring it was far too late to stop this. “Will you go to Finn’s foster family’s Christmas dinner?” To say Poe looked surprised would be an understatement. Finn glanced down at the ground, and Rey quickly began to explain. “See, they were assholes to him when he was younger, y’know, unsupportive, homophobic, just hateful in general. and they invited him just to be nice, but now he’s all successful, and an author and all that, so he wants to rub it in their faces. Originally I was going to be his date, but we think that if he brings a boy, that will be an even better revenge. Now, the only problem is, my friend Finn here does not have a boy to bring. Which is where you will, hopefully, come in.” Rey watched Poe, and Finn glanced up, hoping that Poe wouldn’t think they were weird, or that he would actually agree, or if he didn’t, that he would still be interested. Poe thought on Rey’s proposition. His friends and family were all having a dinner together, but he was a little interested in helping this man with giving a middle finger to people like that. After a moment, he smiled a little, and nodded. “I think I could help you out. I can’t say I’ll want to be there for very long, these people sound awful, but I’d like to help.” Rey sighed in relief, but Finn looked like he was going to actually faint from relief. “Oh, thank you. And it won’t be very long at all, I have no intention of being there for any more than an hour, at most, and they eat early, so you probably won’t miss anything if you have any plans.” Finn rambled gratefully. Poe chuckled, and Jess appeared, holding a box. “Dameron! Do you have any intention of helping me or are you going to keep jacki-- Oh. Hey you two.” Poe was beet red at Jess’ words, and based off of Rey’s laugh, she seemed to understand why. Fnn looked a little confused, and Poe would prefer to keep it that way. “What are you guys doing here?” “Oh, Finnie here needs a male date for Christmas dinner in order to cause chaos with his shitty foster family, so we asked Poe here, and he’s agreed to be Finn’s date.” Rey replied, causing a large smirk to grow on Jess’ face. “Is that right?” she looked at Poe. “You’re going to ditch us all for this new boy here?” Finn looked awkward, and Poe tried to defend them. “We’re not going to be very long, and I’m sure I’ll make it before we eat, promise.” He said quickly, and once Finn seemed to lose some of his uncertainty, he looked at Rey. “What are you going to do for Christmas, then?” Rey furrowed her brow and looked rather puzzled. Jess was quick to intervene. “You can come to our gig since your plans are changed. It’s going to be a bit loud, but it’s fun, and the food is good. You can replace Poe.” Rey smiled at the suggestion, while Poe looked fake offended. “Are you sure? I wouldn’t want to impose.” She sounded only a little uncertain, and it was obvious she was a little excited. Jess grinned and shook her head. “Nope, you wouldn’t be imposing at all.” Rey just grinned, and the pair smiled at each other. Poe and Finn, meanwhile, made their plans. “Okay, so dinner is at two twenty-three? That’s a little early, but yeah, I think that’ll definitely work. And I don’t need to bring anything?” Finn nodded at Poe’s questions. “Great. So, you’ll pick me up at two, then? Are you sure you don’t want to come to my dinner with me?” Finn smiled at the offer but shook his head. “Thanks, but I don’t think so. I’ll probably just want to go home, y’know. But I can drop you off since I’m your ride.” Poe looked a little disappointed at that but still offered an understanding smile. “I get it, buddy. It probably won’t be easy to be there. But yeah, if you feel up to it, I could definitely use a ride.” Finn nodded and smiled a little at him. “Okay, great, so… I’ll see you tomorrow then. And seriously, thank for doing this for me, I know it doesn’t sound like an ideal way to spend dinner, but I really appreciate this.” Poe grinned and waved him off. “No worries, honestly. It’s not going to be my best Christmas dinner, but it can’t be my worst. Besides, it seems important for you to flaunt what you’ve got, and I can respect that, especially if they’re rude.” Finn smiled and nodded gratefully. “Still, thank you.” he said earnestly. Poe grinned at him. “You’re welcome, buddy.” The four of them exchanged a few more pleasantries before Rey and Finn left Poe and Jess to pack the rest of their things, and go to their shared apartment. It wasn’t exactly a small apartment, since Finn’s books generated plenty of revenue and Rey made a fair amount of money as well at her new job, but it was no penthouse either. But there was plenty of room for them both to live comfortably. After they returned home, Finn told Rey off for not letting him ask Poe himself, but it didn’t take long for him to stop, more grateful that Poe had actually said yes to be truly upset. The pair had gotten some Chinese takeout for dinner and put on Elf, taking whatever moments they could to talk about the people they had met. The next day, Finn worked at cooking his candied sweet potatoes with the ingredients he had bought at the market while Rey studied. He had never gone to grad school, since he managed to get published shortly after college, but since Rey wanted to be an aerospace engineer, it had almost been required for her to get a master's, at least if she wanted a good position. But she was smart, and although she was stressed, Finn knew that she would be brilliant. Every so often, the little runt puppy that he and Rey had saved, a mix of a golden retriever and a dachshund, who they had lovingly named Alexander Hamilton, would wander into the kitchen, smelling food, and Rey would slip him a couple of treats sometimes. As fond as Finn was of Hamilton (which was very fond), he didn't wholly approve of such spoiling as he didn't want him to become unhealthy. Rey insisted it was just making up for lost weight. Soon he had finished his dish, setting it carefully in a dish and covering it, before getting dressed in a button up and a sweater, and some slacks so he looked nice, and having Rey wish him luck before he headed out. Once he knew that the dish of sweet potatoes wasn’t going to fall and break, he drove to the address Poe had texted him. He pulled up outside the apartment building and shot a quick text to Poe to let him know he was hear. It didn’t take long for the man to knock on his window, and Finn unlocked the doors. Poe looked nice all dressed up. He was wearing a button up as well, and a tie, but instead of a blazer, he was wearing the same leather jacket that he had been wearing the previous day. He looked Finn over appreciatively. “Hey stranger. You look nice.” Finn smiled, admittedly a little unused to the attention. “You don’t look half bad yourself.” He offered a little wink. “So, you ready to go?” Poe nodded and Finn started the car again. “This shouldn’t take too long, hopefully. You’ll be able to get to your thing right away.” “Hey, don’t worry about it buddy, I’m just glad to help.” Poe grinned at him and Finn offered a small smile before starting the drive. The house was a little out of the city, so the drive took a little time, just enough for Poe and Finn to chat and get to know each other, enough that it could seem possible that they had known each other for longer than a couple of hours at best. Soon enough, they arrived at the large white house, and Finn took a deep breath. He had kind of forgot how intimidating this place was. He felt a slight pressure on his shoulder and looked over to see Poe giving him a concerned look. “Hey. Are you okay?” Finn nodded, running a hand through his short hair. Poe didn’t seem convinced. “We don’t have to do this, you know. You don’t have to do this.” Finn nodded again, although it was much more firm. “Yeah, I know. But I want to do this. I want them to see that I didn’t need them, that every time they tried to put me down, it didn’t work.” Poe nodded understandingly and squeezed his shoulder. “I understand. C'mon, let's go show them how great you've become without them.” Finn smiled at Poe and nodded, taking another deep breath before unbuckling his seatbelt and climbing out of the car. Poe waited for him while he grabbed the sweet potatoes, and the pair walked up to the door together, Poe ringing the doorbell since Finn's hands were full. It took a couple moments before the door opened, revealing a now adult Hux, who looked them both over disdainfully, focusing on Finn mostly. “You actually showed up.” he hummed, raising a brow. Poe already had began to bristle, but Finn raised a brow and brushed him off, stepping in. “Yes, I did. I also brought this.” he jerked his head to the dish in his hand, which Hux eyes with equal disdain. ‘Right… Well, go ahead and put it on the table, I’m sure we can get to at some point. And..” he eyed Poe. “Who is this? Finn just hummed and shrugged, turning to walk away. “This is Poe.” He walked to the table without explanation, Poe following him. “They don’t seem that bad.. Sure, that guy seems a bit pretentious, but..” Finn cut him off by shaking his head. “That was him being courteous. He’s snarky and rude and awful. He’s terrible.” he murmured to him, setting the dish down on the table. Poe grimaced. “I can’t even imagine. I was just about ready to fight him here, and if that was courteous…” Poe shook his head. “How did you come out of this as a sane individual?” Finn laughed and simply shrugged, glancing over as he heard footsteps. Phasma, Hux, and old man Snoke, all walked in, all three of them looking at Finn and Poe. “Finn.” Phasma spoke first, her voice short. “I wasn’t expecting you to actually accept our invitation.” “I figured I could at least stop by.” Finn replied casually. Poe felt like he could cut through the tension with a knife. “This is Poe. Poe, this is Hux, Phasma, and Snoke.” Poe offered a hand for them to shake, but put it down when no one took it. Finn frowned slightly at the uncomfortable look in Poe’s eyes, meeting everyone’s eyes with a glare. He could feel Poe shift slightly, and could practically feel how uncomfortable he was. No. This wasn't right to put Poe through this. The man had been nothing but nice, and Finn was putting him through hell. Looks like he would have to piss off these people sooner than he had planned. He took a deep breath before announcing, “Poe is my boyfriend!” The shift of attention from Poe to Finn was so fast, that if Finn had blinked, he would have missed it. “What?” Snoke spoke first, his voice angry. Finn just lifted his jaw defiantly. “He’s my boyfriend. We date and hold hands and we even kiss.” Everyone had gone rigid, staring at Finn, looking like they were about to explode, but he kept going. “And you know what? I’m a successful author, but I’m sure you don’t care about that. And I have good friends, and a nice apartment, and a dog, and a great relationship, so fuck you. Fuck all of you, and everything you ever did to try and put me down. Fuck you, and you, and you!” His voice rose as he spoke, and he jabbed his finger at all three of them. All three were now red in the face, all on the edge of exploding, and Poe decided now would be the perfect time to leave. He picked up the sweet potatoes again, and then linked arms with Finn. “Well, I think it’s about time for us to go. I’d say it was nice to be here, but this is a time for truth, not lies.” He gave a faux-sweet smile to the three before leaving quickly, practically dragging Finn along before any yelling could begin. The second they were out, they went to the car, safely storing away the potatoes and driving away as fast as they could. Once they were a distance away, Finn pulled into a parking lot and stopped the car. Poe watched him carefully, looking concerned. “Are… are you okay, Finn?” After a moment Finn laughed a little. “I did it. I did it! I told them to fuck off! I told them off! I did it! Did you see that?!” He seemed to be running on adrenaline, and Poe couldn’t help but chuckle softly. “I did see that, yeah” He smiled at Finn. “You did great. But are you okay? That was a little rough looking, and I don’t want this to hit you later.” Finn did seem to slow down a little at that and nodded. “Yeah.. Yeah, I think so. I’m just glad that it’s all done, and that we left before there could be any yelling. I’m just glad that I can really cut them off now. I finally have closure now.” he let out a sigh of relief and leaned against the seat. After a moment he glanced at Poe, smiling gratefully at him. “Thank you, for being there. I’m so sorry they were acting like jerks to you. That’s half the reason I had us just leave right away, they were just awful, and you were so uncomfortable, and I’m sorry, because you wanted to help, but they horrible.” Finn stopped his rambling when Poe touched his hand. “Hey. Don’t be sorry about it, it’s honestly alright. Yeah, they were awful, but I’m glad you’ve gotten this off your chest, and that you feel free from it. Honestly,” his smile was wry. “I’m just bummed we didn’t get to try your dish…. Are you sure you don’t want to do Christmas with my lot?” After a moment, Finn decided to give in, and once Poe gave him the directions, they set off. Later that day, as Finn sat joking and laughing with Poe, his dad, his friends, Rey, and his boss and her husband: Leia and Han, all eating, he found himself enjoying the holiday a lot more than he thought he ever could. And when Poe’s hand somehow managed to end up entwined with his under the table, and they shared a kiss before Finn went home, Finn decided that this day, even though it had started poorly, had ended with more than he could ever want. Notes: I'm accepting requests! Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 8 of the Stormpilot Advent Calendar series Next Work →