Poe claps his hands excitedly, whooping with glee as his mother swoops through the air – effortlessly gliding through maneuvers that she knows are the most exciting. “I’m gonna be just like you when I grow up!” Poe crows gleefully, pressing the buttons his mother directs him to press – only partially listening while she explains what each control does. This is his favorite thing, sitting on his mom’s lap in the A-Wing and flying. It’s so much better than being on the ground. Even though everything looks so small from this far up, the view is amazing and Poe kind of wishes that they didn’t have to land ever again. Poe Dameron is six years old and he doesn’t have a care in the galaxy. The only thing that matters to him is the present - flying around with his mom (and secretly pretending to shoot down evil Empire TIE Fighters). Poe’s eyes flutter open, something pulling him from the depths of unconsciousness. He would rather stay unconscious. At least when he’s unconscious he doesn’t feel the aches and pains from the fists and stun batons. He has a brief thought that his mother probably wouldn’t be thrilled to know that her only child followed very literally in her footsteps – right down to the rebelling against an evil superpower. And if he’s being completely honest with himself right now, he kind of wishes that he didn’t follow in her footsteps. It probably would be less painful if he was still with the Republic (but deep down he knows he’s made the right career choice, even if it doesn’t currently feel like it). “I had no idea we had the best pilot in the Resistance on board.” A mechanized voice says. It’s him . The one from Jakku. Kylo Ren. He supresses a full-body shudder. He knows what this man is capable of, but he refuses to show his fear. The resistance will not be intimidated. Poe lifts his head and leans forward as much as the restraints allow – which isn’t much, but he damn well isn’t going to lie back passively. Even though his future holds pain and certain death, he isn’t going to make it easy for them. He will fight them until his last breath. “Comfortable?” Ren’s tone is conversational, almost as if he’s commenting on the weather rather than mocking his prisoner. “Not really.” “I’m impressed,” Ren continues, advancing on Poe. “No one has been able to get out of you what you did with the map.” Poe looks defiantly up at the masked figure. He’ll probably regret it, but he can’t help the snarky comment that slips out. “You might wanna rethink your technique.” Kylo Ren doesn’t respond, instead lifting his arm level with Poe’s head – like he’s reaching out to the Resistance pilot. Poe eyes Kylo Ren’s hand warily, wondering what the man has in store for him. He gasps softly when pain starts to build up in his head. He grunts in pain again, straining against the dark power of the Force. He feels useless, but he won’t go down without a fight. His head slams back against the metal that he’s strapped to and he struggles against the power holding him. “Where is it?” “The resistance will not be intimidated by you.” Poe chokes out, straining with the effort that it takes to resist Kylo Ren. He can’t let Ren into his mind. He knows that the moment Kylo Ren breaks through his mental defenses, all will be lost – the First Order would have the map to Luke Skywalker. Poe feels himself being pulled forward again and he doesn’t even hear Ren ask for the map again as the pain in his head intensifies. He screams as Kylo Ren finally breaks down his mental defenses. He expects Ren to immediately latch onto the location of the map and leave, but he doesn’t. Instead, the man starts sifting through his memories – disregarding every happy memory and lingering on every painful memory. And it’s with dawning horror that Poe realizes that Kylo Ren is toying with him, trying to break the pilot for his own sense of dark, twisted amusement. Poe feels tears well up in his eyes from the physical and emotional pain caused by the mental assault as he’s forced to relive all of the worst moments of his life. Poe visibly trembles when Ren dredges up the most painful memory that he has – screwing his eyes shut in a futile attempt to get away from the scene starting to play out in his mind. Poe swings his feet back and forth where he’s sitting on a stack of crates, various tools scattered on the ground around him. He tilts his head up and waves energetically up at the sky – even though his mom probably can’t see him. As if in response, though, the RZ-1 A-Wing loops around in the air for his benefit. He grins happily. His mom had let him help her work on the engines to the A-Wing and it looks like their modifications had done wonders to the ship – it was going even faster than before. He wishes he could have been up there with her, but he’s not as small as he was when he was six and it’s a tight fit with both of them in the cockpit. Still, it’s satisfying to see the results of their hard work – even from the ground. His mom is looping around above him again when suddenly the A-Wing explodes. He hears someone screaming in a mixture of horror and terror, eventually realizing that it’s his own voice screaming at the top of his lungs – yelling unintelligible words and screaming for his mom. He’s barely aware of his dad grabbing his arm and pulling him toward their house, covering his head so Poe doesn’t get hit with falling debris. Because nothing else matter. Nothing matters but that moment in time – the image of his mom and her beloved A-Wing exploding, forever frozen in his memory. Poe Dameron is eight years old and his entire world – his entire galaxy – has fallen apart. “It’s your fault.” Poe shakes his head in denial. “ No!” he tries to yell, but his voice comes out as a hoarse whisper. It’s your fault! At this point, Poe doesn’t even know if the voice is in his or not. He tries to deny it, tries to resist the feelings that his mother’s death is his fault. But he’s always felt this way, has always felt that he somehow messed up the repairs and caused the explosion. That’s right. It’s your fault she died. Just like it’ll be your fault when the Resistance falls. Poe cries out in despair when his thoughts unwilling turn to BB-8, playing out the last conversation he had with his beloved droid – telling the droid to take the map and get far away from the village. Poe slumps back in the restraints when he’s suddenly released, head lolling to the side with exhaustion. He’s hardly aware of Kylo Ren sweeping out of the room – too caught up in his own inner turmoil. Everything is his fault. Poe Dameron is thirty-two years old and he feels like he just betrayed the Resistance and the galaxy. Notes: Listen. I'm sorry... but in my defense, this was a prompt sent to me on tumblr. if you want to, you can send me prompts too!! send me things