The throne room is cool, a chill running through his bones as Hux steps inside the vast chamber. But he does not notice that. The man sits on the throne as if it is his, his legs spread languidly and a stained black cape draped about his shoulders. There’s an unlit lightsaber, held loosely in his hand. It gleams silver and white in the dark. There is a sense of detachment in the scene Hux sees before him, a certain detachment with reality that makes this feel like a dream. But dreams are nowhere near as visceral. “General,” the dark haired Knight greets, his rich voice echoing throughout the chamber, and- the surreality is gone, in an instant replaced by reality, and every part of Hux is suddenly cold. So this is why he was summoned here, without reason or proper word. It’s a cold, bitter, truth, even though he cannot yet comprehend it. “Ren.” He says, and cannot manage anything else. And even though he can taste the bewilderment behind the blankness of his words, the cold starts to creep at his heels, creeping up, numbing his limbs, his breath. The man just smiles. It’s a cold smile, cruel, almost chiding as he corrects Hux, “‘My Emperor’.” There’s the barest flicker of Kylo’s gaze- it does not break from Hux, but it moves downwards almost deliberately. And that’s when Hux sees it, led by Ren’s vision- the inhumanly tall body that lies on the ground. It’s broken, unmoving. It’s almost trivial- it had gone unnoticed upon his arrival somehow, and it was only now that Ren had drawn attention to it that Hux could see the body in the dark. Odd, he thinks, detached. If he could not see the disfigured face that opened in a wordless, distorted cry, he wouldn’t think to know who it was. There is nothing of power in that broken body, nothing to look at, not any more. When he looks up, that’s when his vision sharpens, when he sees the shadows behind Ren hidden in the dark of the hall. There are six of them, the Knights. He knows them instinctively. Shadowed figures, and Hux wonders how Ren had gotten them to betray their master. Kylo leans forward, and any trace of attention Hux had paid to the shadows in the hall snaps back to him. “Come now, General,” and any trace of the gangly, angry boy is gone (perhaps Hux has only ever been imagining him). It feels as if Ren might be laughing inside, amused. “Should you not bow before your emperor?” Bow. The reality around him is stark, and it begins to sink in. As it does, so the anger rises. His hand almost spasms before he clenches it into a fist, the nails digging red crescents into his skin. Kylo Ren is the new emperor, and Hux cannot do anything against him. His nails go deeper, digging until the red stains his fingernails and seeps into the crevices between his fingers. It doesn’t matter if he takes a long time, if the silence drags into minutes. Ren only seems happy to wait, to watch him with blank eyes and wait . Bow, he thinks with clarity, yes, he ought to. There is no other choice, after all. Slowly, he slowly drops to a knee, bends his head to align with the stone ground. The ground is cool beneath his knee, it’s hateful. “How may I serve?” He asks, and it takes a long, long moment for him to speak. It cracks, almost, from the hate that must have risen to the surface. He hears rather than sees as Ren stands and leaves the throne, hears the soft thuds as his boots fall on the stone steps. He feels the brush of air when Ren stops before him, sees the black of the tips of Ren’s boots. Perhaps this is the end, he wonders in the silence of a moment. Now that Ren has the power, the ability, he could snap Hux’s throat with a motion of his hand. It is no secret to anyone that he and Ren have always been rivals vying for Snoke’s favour, that they have always hated each other, always harboured ambitions for more . The sudden bitterness, the injustice, digs deep- but there is no surprise for some reason. Perhaps he had always expected this, a part of him, he had expected to die at Ren’s hand. Why else would he summon Hux, before doing anything else. “You think too much, General,” Ren says, the amusement palpable in his tone, and after the first flare of anger and panic, Hux stops thinking at all. The man raises his voice, just enough for it to carry to the Knights who still stay in the shadows, “Leave us.” There is perhaps a whisper of wind, a murmur of it- or perhaps there is only silence, but he assumes the Knights must be gone, because after a moment Ren begins, conversationally, “Why would you think I want to kill you.” Because you will . The sarcastic thought flashes across his mind, before he forcibly shuts it up and focuses on nothing at all. He can almost hear the smile in Ren’s voice when he speaks next, “You’ve always wanted to be Emperor, haven’t you.” It’s gently mocking, and Hux wonders- in a sudden fit of hysteria- if he had the time to reach for the blaster at his belt, if he had enough time to shoot Ren through the chest, if he had enough time to shoot himself through the chest. Ren bends down, a whisper of cool air between them, and then there’s a gloved hand- sticky from blood- that strokes down his cheek. Hux flinches at the unexpected motion, eyes widening at the contact. What . “Look at me, Armitage.” Ren’s voice is soft and cruel, and Hux’s breath is a forced evenness as he brings his head up, meets Kylo’s gaze with his own. His heart is stuttering an uneven beat, it’s loud enough he thinks Ren hears it too, and he hates the man with a renewed passion. He doesn’t know what Kylo’s looking for in his face, doesn’t know what it is Kylo finds, because the man finally smiles, straightens up. The Knight- the Emperor- half turns, before pausing. Ren smiles at him, a callous smile. “Follow me,” he says, and like an order, Hux rises unsteadily to his feet and obeys. Kylo leads him past the cooling body of the old Emperor, leads up up the steps to the throne, and then when they reach the throne Kylo suddenly turns- doesn’t give Hux so much time as to blink before there’s a hand circling his arm and he’s being pulled onto the throne, his back lands with a thump against the cold stone of the rest and he’s flinching from the sudden contact. “What are you doing.” He bites as soon as he catches his breath, and if his heartbeat is uneven, he doesn’t care. His hand clenches into a fist, conceals the shake of it underneath his sleeve. He wonders if Ren means to mock him, draw it out before he kills him, before Hux finds a lightsaber through his chest. But Kylo is still smiling, a strange, cool smile. “Why do you think I’d kill you?” Ren asks again, and Hux glares, stays silent. “I have better uses for you than that,” he continues, “There are better ways for me to keep you.” And then he’s leaning forwards, he’s pushing Hux down and Hux can’t fight him for the shock of it, the sudden ice in his veins as Ren presses their bodies together in a manner that can’t be anything other than in a sexual fashion. “Stop it- Ren-” he’s snarling, remember how to struggle- but the man holds him down, holds him firm. Everything is surreal, everything is false and this reality must be false and he turns away when Kylo brings their lips together, kisses him. He only laughs when Hux bites him, blood trickling down from his lip, down his chin. It’s mesmerizing. Hux hates it. “I’ve dreamed of this for a long time you know,” Ren murmurs, pressing sticky kisses against his skin- sticky from the blood. “Fucking you on this throne you’ve wanted for so long.” He chuckles, rich and low. Hux wants to struggle, wants to break free but there’s something holding him down, some invisible force holding him in place so that he can’t run. He doesn’t know if it’s Ren, or if it’s just his own frozen limbs that refuse to obey him. “Don’t tell me you haven’t thought about it either,” Ren continues, “Holding me down, marking me...” his lips descend lower, “Claiming me.” He holds back a wretched, choked sound when Ren’s teeth find his shoulder, bite down hard enough to blood- it hurts, and yet at the pain there is a perverse heat coiling beneath his navel, a heat he claws against. “And in those darker dreams… being held by me, being marked by me. You must have woken in the mornings, trembling and gasping. Still feeling my hands in your hair, pressing down on your throat…” He holds it in- the shiver that runs through his spine- because it’s true, and if he did not know this was real, it might even resemble his nightmares, the darkness of it, the cold, the helplessness and the heat that flickered in his belly. His hands spasm when Kylo’s fingers slide their way down to his ass, drag down his trousers and underwear. He can’t- he can’t . A choked whimper escapes him when he feels a finger press at the edge of his entrance. The man turns him over- so he’s uncomfortably propped between the throne and Ren. “Ssh,” Ren is soothing him, low and gentle and cruel as Hux shudders. Without warning or word, Ren presses his finger in, and Hux cuts off in a choked gasp at the feeling of intrusion. It feels unnatural , the roughness of it hurts, and he’s scared- he’s so fucking terrified . Ren is telling him something, but he can’t even hear it, closing his eyes and trying to get away from this moment, trying to make this scene disappear. He can almost persuade himself this isn’t happening, can almost pretend this is a dream- but the terror in his veins won’t go away, his heartbeat is too loud in his ears, too damn loud . He can feel himself relax when the fingers withdraw, as the feeling of discomfort disappears. It’s almost enough to convince his body that there’s nothing coming next, but he tenses again almost immediately when he feels something thicker and much larger than a finger press up against his entrance. His eyes open without him meaning to, looking for something- anything, that he might anchor to, something that might make the fear stop. And then Kylo thrusts inside him, and every one of his thoughts stop. More accurately, everything is suddenly replaced by blinding pain. It hurts, it hurts- his fingers scrabble at the cold stone of the throne, he can feel Ren’s weight on his back, on his body, and it’s terrifying. Whatever heat there was before is gone, he can’t think of anything but the hurt . He thinks the sounds he hears are his own, the hitched whimpers and the half incoherent pleas. Kylo thrusts again, burying himself up to the hilt in Hux. He feels like he’s being torn apart- like he’s going to be gouged open and faint from the pain. “It’s alright, it’s alright,” Ren is murmuring, though there is nothing of concern in his voice, nothing except the cold, except the hitch in his own breath. He’s pressing his lips to Hux’s neck- and even through the pain he can’t help the shudder that goes through him, the tears burning at his eyes threatening to fall. Hux can’t do anything but submit, gasping with pain as Kylo thrusts into him again and again, each time the pain increasing, the roughness feeling like it’s scraping into skin and blood. Somewhere in the middle of it, his vision blurs from the pain, and when he feels the tug of unconsciousness he he lets himself fall into darkness without a thought. Notes: Thank you for reading! Updates should be once every few weeks :)! Sometimes more (or less) often!