Prelude "What's the matter, girl?" Unkar Plutt was staring at Rey, but she was staring through him. Her thoughts were elsewhere. "Do you have something for me or not?" the crolute blurted, his bellowing voice shaking her out of her trance. She was just tall enough to see over the chipped trading desk and the sight of him made her tremble. More than half a decade she'd been under his watch now, and at ten years of age she didn't know why she still thought him so terrifying. "Yes," she piped in response. Flustered, Rey reached into her satchel for the crystal she'd plucked from the seventh floor of the fallen Inflictor earlier that morning. She paused when her fingers closed around its cool edges and grooves. She didn't think she could part with it just yet. There was something oddly familiar and comforting about the way it seemed to hum under her fingertips. Besides, she'd never seen anything like it; something so polished and untouched by Jakku's unforgiving nature. Instead of the crystal, she opted to hand him the utility port she'd taken from one of the ship's reactors, setting it on his countertop with a heavy clunk . His mouth twitched in disgust, almost as if to say that's it? She suddenly felt smaller than usual. "One-sixth portion," he grunted, slamming a ration down on the countertop in exchange for the part. Rey bit down hard on her bottom lip. Her eyes were stinging, but she wouldn't let him see her cry. Seven years her parents had been gone. They'd be back any day now and then she'd never have to see him again. They'd take her home and she'd be safe. No longer picking at the bones of downed battleships, or sifting through Jakku's sands in desperate search of anything that might tell her where she'd come from or where they'd gone. They'd be back. Until then she had to eat, and she knew the crystal's value would put food on her table for months. In one swift motion, Rey ripped the crystal from her satchel and dropped it on the trading desk before she could second-guess herself. When she saw it, her brow furrowed. Last time she'd looked at it, it'd been essentially colorless. Now she could have sworn it held a yellow hue around the edges. A trick of the light? She couldn't tell. She was so transfixed by the way it sparkled and shone in the sun that she didn't notice how wide Unkar Plutt's bulbous eyes were. "Where...did you get that?" he said after a moment, his voice eerily soft. Rey froze under the weight of his gaze. He'd never questioned her before. It'd always been business as usual with Unkar, for as long as she could remember. And he was all she could remember. Never before had he looked at her the way he was now-suspiciously, as though she were an opponent he was sizing up for the first time. "I found it in the graveyard," was her meek reply. "Don't lie to me, girl," he said. His lips were drawn back above his teeth in a scowl and Rey's stomach churned at the sight of his rotten gums. There were downed ships all over Jakku's western hemisphere, half-buried in the dunes and eroding under the glaring sun, but Rey never had to go far to find abandoned parts. Unkar Plutt knew that. "I'm not lying," she said, keeping her eyes trained ahead. Stay calm . She had no idea what the crystal was other than that it looked valuable, and she certainly hadn't given any thought to the idea that she might not be supposed to have it. On Jakku, there was only one rule: every person for themselves. You couldn't count on anybody. Even when Rey was as young as five, polishing parts and organizing Unkar Plutt's storeroom, she knew that if she didn't work she wouldn't eat. "You found it onboard a ship?" He reached for the crystal and held it up to the sun, watching it refract glittering rays about his storefront. It had definitely yellowed. "Yes," Rey answered. "Were there others?" "No," she replied once more. "That's very strange," he said, frowning. "Five portions." "Five?" Rey stammered. As soon as the word left her mouth, she pursed her lips. That was hardly more than she'd gleaned from last week's exhaust port. "You weren't expecting more, were you?" Suddenly, he seemed very, very tall. "No," Rey said after a moment. Silently, she cursed herself. What had she expected? That suddenly he'd pay her a fair price for her goods? She'd worked for him long enough by now to know he didn't operate like that. She'd have to sell him nothing short of a ship if she wanted to make a decent living at Niima Outpost. "Anything else?" he huffed. Rey paused, giving one last glance to the crystal in his hand. She couldn't shake the feeling that she was making a mistake. Somehow, she'd grown attached to the thing and the realization made her sniffle. She couldn't remember the last time anything had felt like it was hers . Deep down, she wasn't sure that anything had truly belonged to her. She hated to admit it, but sometimes she even wondered if she'd ever belonged anywhere. Fortunately, Unkar Plutt slammed his window blind shut before she could say anything else. Swallowing the lump in her throat, she turned on her heel and started making her way back to the AT-AT she called home. Before she reached the settlement the next evening, Rey knew something was different. The hum of her speeder seemed louder than usual and the spaces between the trading booths more empty. Where were all of the people? Not that Niima Outpost was anything like the planet-encompassing Old Republic cities she'd heard whispers of while working in Unkar Plutt's shop. But today, it seemed particularly desolate. She swore under her breath when she saw the drapes drawn closed over the Outpost's tool trading booth. The Abednedo who ran it was nowhere in sight, and she'd had it in her mind to purchase a new wrench. There was a Steelpecker perched on the water trough, but that was the only life form she saw. Tepidly, Rey reached for her staff. Something was wrong. Then in the corner of her eye, she caught a glimpse of normality. The junk dealer's blind was up. He'd never leave the store unattended, she thought, so he must be around. Slowly, she made her way towards the blockhouse, feeling uneasy for reasons she couldn't quite put her finger on. She hadn't yet reached the trading desk when the sound of the blobfish's gutteral laughter met her ears. He was inside the shop, and from the sound of it he wasn't alone-though she didn't find it absurd to think he could make himself laugh like that. A chill shot down her spine at the thought. Seconds later, Rey heard another male voice although she couldn't quite make out his words. Just that it was droning and robotic, like someone was speaking through a mask. Something told her not to show herself just yet. She'd grown a lot in the last year, but for once, she was glad she was still relatively short. "Please inform us immediately if anything comes to your attention," the voice was saying. Rey recognized the sound of it immediately. She'd only seen Stormtroopers on Jakku twice before, but their way of speaking was unmistakable. The blobfish chuckled again. "Jakku has never been kind to those usurpers. Wouldn't want to get in the way of justice." She leaned closer, pressing her palms against the walls of the blockhouse. "And the girl?" Rey felt the color drain from her face. Surely he didn't mean her. But of course he did. There was no other girl . She gulped. Her instincts were telling her to run. Her curiosity was telling her to stay. Her feet were frozen in place. "Do what you will with the girl. She always was...strange," was Unkar Plutt's response. Rey was so focused on the conversation, so focused on holding her breath that she didn't hear the footsteps approaching. Didn't smell the death stick burning behind her-a Stormtrooper, taking advantage of Jakku's illicit underground. Cold, steely arms closed around her, grabbing her tight before she had a chance to react. Rey let loose a bloodcurdling scream. Chapter 2 : Chapter 1 "You haven't learned anything!" The taste of iron filled Rey's mouth as her face collided with the cold, hard ground. Caught off-guard again. Kal Sevanar stood over her, having dealt a blow to the back of her knees. He was twirling his wooden blade in hand and panting, a smirk tugging at the corners of his mouth. At eleven years old he was only her senior by a few months, but she felt like there was a lifetime's worth of skills between them. It was their third sparring class this week, and the third time he'd sent her careening to the ground. Six months she'd been onboard the Finalizer , and all she wanted was to go home. Not a day passed that she didn't think of Jakku, and whether or not her parents were out there looking for her. What if they'd given up when they found she wasn't there? A single tear threatened to fall from the corner of her eye, but Rey immediately wiped it away with the hem of her black tunic. Too late. "You're still crying? You've been here for six months," Kal said, staring down at her with his brown eyes. The boy's dark hair was disheveled, his tan skin gleaming with sweat. His lanky build and willowy limbs gave the illusion of weakness, but she knew that wasn't the case. Rey scowled and looked away. "I'm fine." "Master Korren thinks you're weak." "I'm not weak," Rey said quietly, biting down on the inside of her cheek to keep herself from crying. The stinging in her jaw had dissipated and the ache in her knees had dulled, but looking at Kal's smug face was much more painful than any blow he'd dealt her. She could tell he didn't like her. None of them did. It was because she was the only one in the junior division who'd been classified as a High Potential , whatever that meant. She was Force-sensitive, they'd told her, just like the rest of her classmates. The difference was her midichlorian count was exceptionally high. Rey had never heard of midichlorians until the day she'd come onboard and a medic droid had pricked her finger for a blood test. They hadn't helped her much, whatever they were. She was always failing. "What's this?" a voice called from across the room, snapping Rey from her thoughts. It was Master Korren. Rey got the feeling that Master Korren knew she hated sparring with Kal. That's why he always paired her with him, ever since she'd arrived six months ago. What was worse was that sparring class wasn't the end of it. Kal was in her academic classes, too. There weren't many potentials in total—ten students including herself—so there was no escaping him. There were more in the senior class when you turned fourteen, but Rey knew she'd be gone before she ever reached that point. She'd find a way back to Jakku one way or another, if her parents didn't find her first. "Rey's crying again," Kal said. She gritted her teeth. Master Korren contemplated her like she was an eyesore. For some reason his gaze always lingered on her. Rey wasn't sure why. Maybe it was because she was a High Potential and had nothing to show for it. The only thing she really knew was that every time he reprimanded her in front of the class her cheeks felt hotter than Jakku's star. "Why are you crying, Rey?" Master Korren said, squatting in front of her. His olive complexion had paled and she watched him run a haggard hand through his long salt and pepper hair, the way he always did when he was frustrated. For his age, he didn't look nearly as worn as the black tunic he wore or his leather boots that had lost all their shine. In fact, he looked like he'd be more than a match for most men half his age. Rey didn't say anything. She just pursed her lips and stared at him. "The Supreme Leader is of the mind that no student is too young to train," Master Korren said when she didn't reply. "But I must admit, he and I are in disagreement. I find that lessons tend to go in one ear and out the other when a student insists on keeping their minds filled with fantasies." "I'm only ten," Rey said, more to herself than to him. She wasn't the youngest in the class, but she was newest trainee by years. It was no secret that she had no place onboard a First Order star destroyer. "Yes, I know. That's not the real tragedy here though, is it?" He lowered his voice to a whisper. "It's that you care so much for a family who cares nothing for you." His words were like a slap in the face. Rey couldn't hold her tears back any longer. They rolled down her cheeks and she was more than aware of the fact that her other classmates had stopped their sparring to stare. "You know it better than I do, girl," he said. She watched him stand and turn to the rest of the room. "Make no mistake here, younglings. I have no tolerance for this sort of behavior, as exhibited here. Those of you who are cowards—your classmates will know it, I assure you. The Supreme Leader will know it, too." Cowards . Is that what she was? Rey stood up and dusted herself off, leaving her wooden blade on the floor. She didn't care if she was a coward, she decided. She just wanted to see her parents again. "I want to go back to Jakku," she said through her tears. Master Korren slowly turned around. His mouth was crooked, like he was fighting back a laugh. "Back to Jakku? What do you think you'll find?" Even Kal Sevanar wasn't smiling. Rey had never heard that edge in Master Korren's voice. She'd seen him scold and scorn and reprimand, but now he seemed genuinely furious. She could tell by the way his left eye was twitching that she'd gotten beneath his skin, even though she hadn't meant to. She swallowed the lump that'd formed in her throat and steeled herself. "My parents are coming back for me," she said, taking great effort to force the words out. He smiled. Once more he took a knee in front of her, his hazel eyes looking back and forth between hers. "Your parents are dead." Her eyes widened, then shock gave way to frothing rage. "LIAR!" Rey shouted. Impulsively, she raised her palm and slapped him across the face. His smile disappeared with the smack that echoed through the room. For a moment, Master Korren was statuesque. Rey's chest seized in terror. Then he snatched her wrist—the one she'd used to hit him—and started dragging her towards the door. "I'm no liar, girl. But you'll know that soon enough. We'll see what the Supreme Leader has to say about this. I find it only fair to inform him that he's wasting his time." Rey's stomach plummeted. The Supreme Leader. She'd heard the name—everyone on the Finalizer had—but she'd never seem him with her own eyes. It wasn't normal for him to meet with students. Not the lower class, at least. Whatever he had to say to her, it wouldn't be good. The last thing she saw before Master Korren dragged her from the room was her classmates' pallid faces, just as stricken as her own. "Insolent girl," Master Korren muttered as he pulled her down the long, dark corridor of the Finalizer . Through the transparisteel windows, Rey saw no sign of Jakku. She knew her parents would never find her out here, and the thought made her feel sick. Six months ago she might have screamed for help, but six months in the training program had taught her when to be quiet. If Master Korren didn't have such a tight grip on her wrist, she would have doubled over and spilled her insides then and there. Not that it would be the first time a Stormtrooper had to clean up her vomit. She was always nauseous, and she could hardly keep her meals down. Dead . They couldn't be. He couldn't know that. He was just trying to frighten her. She'd seen him do it before; not just to her, but to her classmates, too. The notion made her cheeks flush with red-hot anger. After what felt like an eternity of being dragged through the long halls of the Finalizer , they arrived at a tall set of doors. Rey didn't think she'd ever been to this part of the ship. She never wandered far beyond her chambers, the training facility or the mess hall. Master Korren buzzed the comm at the side of the doors. A Stormtrooper answered. "Name and personnel number? State your business." "Korren, personnel number 519929. I have urgent business with the Supreme Leader regarding one of the Potentials." "The Supreme Leader is busy now. I will inform him you came by," was the response. Korren eyed Rey up and down, then lifted a hand to his cheek as if recalling the feeling of her slapping him. "We can wait," he said softly, not taking his eyes from Rey. It sent a chill down her spine, her head filling with notions that the worst was yet to come and her stomach seemed to fold over on itself. She didn't want to meet the Supreme Leader. She didn't want to learn from Master Korren. At this point, Rey would have been happy to live in her AT-AT forever if it meant never seeing any of them again. She looked down at the dark robes she wore, so unlike the sand-colored garments she'd grown accustomed to on Jakku. Just then a hissing sound caused her head to snap back up and she saw that the blast doors had opened—earlier than expected. A masked figure walked out, clad head to toe in black robes. He was several heads taller than Rey, and she suddenly felt very, very small. There was something so unsettling about the way his mask betrayed no semblance of humanity or emotion. Then her attention shifted back to Master Korren, who seemed perplexed by the man in the mask. "One more thing," a voice called from beyond the open blast door. Rey watched the figure in black stop to turn around, following his eyeline to see a man standing in the doorway, even taller than the man in the dark robes. She didn't think she had seen either of them before. Time seemed to stop from the moment the man in the doorway had spoken. There was no other sound in the corridor other than his lingering words, which seemed to hang heavy in the air. He was old—ancient, really—and had a face marred by scars. Rey couldn't help but stare. He looked like a walking corpse. So frail and slight in frame that Rey wondered if he could really be the person she suspected he was: Supreme Leader Snoke. "Yes, Supreme Leader?" the figure replied. Rey's mouth fell open and another wave of nausea washing over her. The voice sounded uncannily like the one she'd heard speaking to Unkar Plutt the day she was stolen from Jakku. Rey remembered Unkar Plutt's response with crystalline clarity: Do what you will with the girl . "I'm well aware that you took great trouble to bring me this information," the Supreme Leader said, pausing. His voice was like velvet; a stark contrast to that of the man in the mask. "Make sure it does not cost you," he added. "I will make sure of it, and inform you immediately if anything comes to my attention," the figure replied. Rey froze, knowing it wasn't the first time she'd heard that phrase. Please inform us immediately if anything comes to your attention. The man in the mask turned, but then he must have noticed her gaping at him because he stopped to look at her, cocking his head ever so slightly. Other than that, he was perfectly still. His dark robes hung loosely around his tall, broad form, his hood pulled forward over a chipped, black helmet. She couldn't see his face, but some unnerving feeling told her he was scrutinizing her. She frowned. Then he turned on his heel and was gone. "Master Korren," the Supreme Leader beckoned. "Is there something urgent?" For the first time-and to Rey's horror-the Supreme Leader's attention fell on her. Out of the corner of her eye she saw Korren puff himself up like a ripper-raptor. "A series of insurrections in the classroom. Rey is struggling to conform to our standards of excellence," Korren replied, nudging Rey forward. She didn't want to go any closer. The way his face was marred by scarring and decay paralyzed her. "I see. She is one of the High Potentials, is she not?" "She is," Korren nodded. "Then perhaps she simply does not find the work… challenging enough," the Supreme Leader suggested. Rey was shaking now, despite herself. She could barely keep up. "That does not seem to be the case, Supreme Leader. She is lacking in incentive, if I had to pinpoint it," Master Korren said, echoing Rey's thoughts. The Supreme Leader smiled; a strange sight, considering he had no muscular control of the left side of his mouth. "Lacking in fear. Elevate her to the senior class. There she'll learn what fear is, and when she does she'll learn not to fail." "But—" "Master Korren, you are not training Jedi. There is no time for hope or patience. Not while the Resistance still exists to undermine us and Skywalker's whereabouts are unknown. Elevate her to the senior class." "Yes, Supreme Leader." When Rey looked back to Master Korren, she saw something hateful flash behind his eyes. Then it was gone. "Your dedication is appreciated," the Supreme Leader said slowly, side-stepping Master Korren. He left them there in the hallway. As Rey watched him go, some small part of her wished that he had punished her outright instead. It all happened so quickly that her head was spinning. Her skin was crawling with the notion that she was trapped and her bottom lip trembled as she struggled to keep herself together. That man in the mask. She was certain he'd been there that day: that he'd been the one to snatch her from Jakku. Author's Note: Hope you guys are enjoying! As soon as I had the idea to turn the Jedi Academy AU on its head, I couldn't resist-so I hope you're as excited about this premise as I am. Since we don't know much about the Dark Side thus far in the trilogy, there will be several Original Characters. I will do my best to make them memorable and enjoyable. Not too much to add here since this chapter is just getting things started, other than that I want to say thank you to my beta readers, Ohtze and ashesforfoxes. Your reviews give me life! Please let me know your thoughts, as I use fanfiction as a medium to improve my writing.