The first that Han Solo thought he lost Luke Skywalker was only a few hours after meeting the young farmboy. After a reckless yet daring rescue of the Princess, they were trapped. Cornered. Stormtroopers were firing their blasters at them and all exits and entrances were blocked. They could die here and damn him if he did. Han didn’t want his life to end like this. He didn’t agree to this! Running around with some young kid and a snappy Princess wasn’t his idea of a good day. But he was in it for the money so he kinda had to go through with it. “This is some rescue. When you came in here, didn't you have a plan for getting out?” Leia quipped. Grumbling, Han shook his head. Some kind of Princess… Wasn’t even his idea in the first place. If things were going the way he had planned, they would have been gone by now. Or at least...in a better situation. “He’s the brains, sweetheart.” Han responded, motioning towards Luke before quickly before jumping out from his hiding spot, shooting a blaster at the firing squad of stormtroopers. “But we gotta find a way out before we become toast.” He mumbled as he tucked back into shelter, panting softly. Then, with no warning whatsoever, the Princess snatched up Luke’s blaster and shot open a small grate near their little hideout. “What the hell was that?!” Han hissed, looking back at her before blasting a few more stormtroopers. “Well...somebody has to save our skins. Into the garbage chute, flyboy.” Leia crooned sarcastically before taking a deadly shot towards an oncoming stormtrooper. “Now!” Han nor Luke wasted any time jumping into the garbage chute. The trip was quick as they landed in a large pile of garbage. Metal scraps, random pieces of junk, old blasters, weapon bits, and too many deteriorated pieces of crap to tell what was what. And the stench...the godawful smell that permeated every inch of the small space… Han wrinkled his nose and huffed, looking around. Luke had landed beside him and not long after, so had Leia. It just left the three of them and Chewie wading in liquidized garbage, wondering how to get out. “Well what now?” Han asked, looking at either Luke or Leia for an answer. “We just gonna stand here and wait for them to come find us?” Luke shuffled around in the water, looking up at the ceiling of the chute, looking all around for an escape. With his comm in hand, he desperately tried to contact Threepio. Nothing yet. All around them there was silence… nothing. There was no obvious way to get out, so as far as they were all concerned, they were trapped. “Well...since nobody's offering up anything, I’ll just do something myself.” Han grumbled as he waded over the locked metal door. Pulling out his pistol, he went to shoot for the lock that held them captive in the smelly chamber. “Wait, no!” Leia cried out as Han shot the pistol. Immediately, the blaster shot from the pistol began ricocheting off the walls of the chamber. The sound was deafening and they constantly had to duck to avoid the shot. Eventually, the blaster shot imploded on impact with some garbage. “What in the hell was that for? They could hear us down here!” Leia snapped and grumbled as she rose from his hiding position. “You want to get caught? Cause it sure seems like it.” Han scoffed and shook his head. “It could be a lot worse, y’know?” He snided. Leia rolled her eyes and looked around, wondering what the hell they were going to do to get out of their predicament. All around them there was nothing but metal walls, sheer silence… perhaps it could be a lot worse… That statement was quickly contradicted when an awful moan echoed around the them. It was inhuman and absolutely sickening. The low groan only lasted a mere few seconds before it slowly faded out, leaving all four of the captives confusion. “What....what was that?” Luke asked, twisting and turning in his spot as he tried to look for the source of the sound. “I dunno kid. You tell me.” Han grumbled as he waded through the thick water, nudging bits of trash to the side. As the group searched for the source of the sound, something unseen lurked beneath the waters. It only made itself known when it popped it’s singular eye up from the surface. “Look! Look there’s something in the water!” Luke cried out and waded towards the creature. In fact, there was something and chasing it was a bad idea. Startled by the quick movement and fearing for its own safety, the creature didn’t stop and hesitate before it latched onto Luke’s legs, yanking him under. Under the murky, thick garbage, under the smelly, putrid liquid. “Luke?!” Han yelled when he saw a glimpse of the other being dragged down. “LUKE!” He yelled and dashed towards where he had last seen the boy. Leia joined him, crying his name out, pushing garbage and debris aside. “Luke?! Kid! Where are ya?!” Han cried out, frantically scrambling around, tearing at the piles of crap and garbage that covered nearly half of the small room. Han was...worried. It was a strange feeling, but he was worried for the kid. Soon worry turned into panic and he felt something come over him. Looking around, he frantically yanked and teared at anything he could, yelling for Luke, along with Leia. What felt like an eternity, was only a few seconds, before Luke popped up from the water, gasping for breath. Han ran over to him, grabbing him up out of the water. Attached to the boy was the creature, wrapped around his torso and neck, slowly constricting his breathing. Han pulled his pistol and did his best to shoot off the creature as Luke struggled to breathe. The large constrictor fell from Luke’s body and slunk back into the water. “Luke! Luke, you okay? Kid...look at me.” Han begged as he held Luke’s body in his arms. “Kid…” With a sputter and a choke, Luke almost came to, coughing up water. He gripped Han’s shoulder tight as he attempted to hold his own and steady himself. He looked up at Han and smiled weakly, still coughing some. “You good, kid? Thought we lost ya for a second there.” Han asked, slowly taking a step back. “Yeah...I’m good. Thanks…” Luke nodded weakly and smile before straightening himself up. “I’m fine. Let’s get out.” 2nd Time Hoth was a dangerously icy place and everyone knew that. No one on that planet was stupid enough to wander out without the proper attire, or with a companion for that matter. The amount of foolish, young pilots that had gone out on their own into the dangerous icescape wasn’t too high, but it was still a number that no one wanted to see. Luke himself thought that it would be a good idea to look into a strange signal that was a few miles out from the the Rebel Base. Alone. The base was closing it’s doors in twenty minutes. Luke wasn’t back. That’s when Han started pacing at the entrance doors of the base. It’d been too long and Hoth was a cruel, unforgiving planet. Han couldn’t just stay here and wait for him. Not like this. He had heated conversations with Chewie and Leia about staying or going out to save Luke. They both said that it was a bad idea and that they should wait until day break again. Han didn’t want to wait. He couldn’t just wait. He’d already gotten too invested in their merry bunch to let go so easily. He wouldn’t go down without a fight. “He’s gonna die out there if we don’t look for him!” Han exclaimed. “And you could die too! Luke would want that.” Leia debated back, shaking her head. She knew that Han was stubborn and wouldn’t give up. So debating was all she could do. “You think I care about what he thinks?” Han whispered harshly. “I’m going out there whether either of you like it or not.” At that final protest, Han stomped off, only with a sharp cry from Chewie to even make him stop momentarily and think about what he was doing. There was another cry, a protest from Chewie. Turning back on his heel, Han sighed. “Chewie, I’m going. You stay here, keep the princess company.” And with that, he was gone. With a tauntaun and only his will to find Luke, he left the base and went off on his own. It was bone numbingly cold and the wind felt like a sharp whip every time it hit Han’s face. An awful sting, but it wouldn’t stop Han from finding Luke. He couldn’t let the other get away from him again. After the last time that they had nearly lost each other, Han wasn’t going to let that happen again. He cared too much about Luke, it went even to the extent that Han could say he loved him. But love was a strong word that he didn’t like using. So he refrained from it altogether. After what seemed like hours of searching for Luke, he finally was able to catch movement off in a snowdrift. Stumbling off of his nearly frozen tauntaun, he scrambled over to the lump in the vast snowy fields that seemed to go on forever and ever. “Luke?! Luke!” He cried and stumbled, losing his footing as he reached Luke’s form, laying in the snow. “Luke!” Falling to his knees, Han shook his head and grabbed at Luke’s arms, trying to get him up and out of the cold. He would be lucky if Luke wasn’t dead already. Holding his dead...cold...lifeless body, alone. “Luke...please…” Han whispered and held Luke close to his chest, his voice already quivering with sorrow and distress. “Please… wake up…Luke.” It was cold...quiet, with only the wind whipping around the two of them. If this was the end, then this is how he would want it to end like. With Luke in his arms… “H...Han…” Came a slow groan from Luke’s body. “Han…?” He croaked. “Luke! Luke, oh thank god. It’s okay kiddo. I promise. It’s okay.” Han whispered and started to get up and move. Holding the young man in his arms, he stumbled back over to his now fallen tauntaun. “Fuck…’course, these things can’t make it a full day out here… let alone a few hours.” Han grumbled to himself. Settling Luke down beside him, he fumbled around until he found the lightsaber that was still attached to Luke’s hip. Pulling it out, he struggled for a moment to turn it on before slicing into the tauntaun’s stomach. Reaching inside the creature, he pulled out the nasty bits that were taking up most of the space in the warm animal. Making a face, he grumbled and pushed the organs aside before grabbing Luke and pushing him inside the creature, hoping that it would make him warmer than he was right now, at least enough to raise his body temperature… When he finally fit Luke inside, he leaned against the opening, panting heavily. He had sent a radio message to the base to come and get them, so they would have rescue within a few hours. Han just knew that Luke was safe and once again, he hadn’t lost him. But he knew he could never say that he loved him. 3rd Time Han nearly lost Luke one more time after their adventures together. Things were coming together and they were going to defeat the Empire. The reign would be over and they could finally all live in peace and harmony. And who knew, maybe Han could find a life outside of smuggling. He’d made a few friends and found himself in a warm place whenever he was amongst the Rebel Alliance. But everything had gone downhill once they arrived at Endor. Hell had reigned down on them. Endor was crawling the Empire scouts, killing and attacking any Rebels, on sight. AT-ATs roamed, attacking the base and innocent Ewoks that got in their path. Han, Leia, and Chewy were all fighting down on the ground. Luke was up in space with Darth Vader, in the newly rebuilt Death Star. All Han could do was worry about him. The chances were very high that Luke may not make it out alive. And Han knew it. That’s why leaving this time was so much harder. This time he knew that Luke may not make it out. The other few times, Han had no clue that he might lose Luke. It just...happened. So suddenly too. But this time it was like a painful dread, something tugging at him, telling him that he could lose Luke. Yet, he pushed it from the farthest side of his mind. Hours passed. They fought off every advance from the Empire that they could. And that’s when it happened. The second creation of hell itself, the Death Star, imploded in space. It seemed like everyone stopped at once to look up at the spectacle. They all watched the Empire come to the end of its rain in a spectacular shower of metal, fibers, and a rain of fire. It was something that Han had never seen in his entire lifetime, and he’d like to say that he’d seen a lot of shit in his days. But this was something new. It meant the end of an era. It meant certain freedoms for certain people. For Han, it really meant living his life as he was. Except there was no fear of certain death. He should have been happy. For the win, for their victory. That everyone was safe and they could celebrate. But he couldn’t. Not without knowing that Luke was okay. As far as he knew, Luke had exploded along with Vader and the Death Star. Now...he would celebrate briefly, leave, and go on to living his life without any emotional attachments. He learned that much from this experience. He couldn’t trust his feelings with anyone. They would always end up getting ruined. So he would move on just like he used to do… The night came and there was a small celebration at the Ewok village. There was music and dancing and food and...everyone seemed to be happy. Han attempted to enjoy himself and pulled a slight grimace every time someone asked him to come and join them in the festivities. Han just shook his head and declined, preferring to stay on the outskirts of the celebration. He stood on the bridge connecting the villages that hung amongst the treetops, staring out at the treeline and the fireworks that danced in the sky. There was soft music and the occasional chirping of insects. The warm summer night seemed to envelop him in a sort of haze… bring peace to his mind. Closing his eyes, he sighed and leaned forward against the railing of the bridge, taking in the environment around him. “Han?” A voice called out to him softly. Han didn’t look back. He closed his eyes tighter, clasping his hands around each other. “Han… hey… why are you celebrating?” The voice called to him again and this time, Han felt a hand on his shoulder. It felt real and warm. Turning to the voice and the hand, he opened his eyes and stared down. Before him was Luke, slightly bruised up, but alive. Breathing, smiling, and alive. He was speechless. Opening his mouth, he wanted to say something but wasn’t quite sure what to say. “Han, you’re freaking me out...are you okay?” Luke asked, cocking his head to the side. Reaching out, he reached up to touch Han’s arm, smiling softly up at him. “You look like you’ve seen a ghost. Is everything okay?” He asked once more. Han just stood there, in denial. Unsure of what to think or do. Shaking his head, he tried to pull his thoughts together. “I...I don’t...you’re alive…” Han finally stuttered. “Of course I’m alive. You seem so...worried.” Luke laughed and stared up at Han with those bright twinkling eyes that made the other weak at the knees. Shaking his head, Han just let out a laugh before scooping Luke up into a hug, squeezing him tight and close to his chest. He let out a nervous laugh and shook his head. His hysterics were getting to him. “I...I could have sworn you died up there. It exploded and...I...you shouldn’t be alive.” Han muttered, clutching the boy close, cupping the back of his head. “You...I couldn’t…” He was at a loss for words. “Han! Han...it’s okay. I promise. I’m okay. I escaped and...I’m fine.” Luke responded softly, slowly wrapping his arms around the other man, hugging him back. “You seemed more worried than I would have expected. Thought you didn’t care that much.” He joked lightly. Han pulled back, staring at Luke. He had to come to terms with these feelings. He couldn’t just leave them there and stagnate. “Luke...you don’t understand. I…” He paused for a second, wondering of what to say and how to say it. “I think...I lo--” “I know.” Luke interrupted rather quickly. “I love you too.” He cooed and stood up on his tippy toes to kiss the other on the lips gently, closing his eyes for just a moment before pulling back. “I know...I’ve known.” Han stood there, in shock. He was still trying to process the fact that Luke wasn’t dead. Now, he had to process that on top of the fact that Luke reciprocated his feelings and had just kissed him. To be honest, he felt sort of like a giddy teen. All mushy inside, which honestly disgusted him, but he enjoyed it all at once. “You...knew? How?” Han murmured and cocked his head. “It was easy. I’m not a stupid kid. Plus you’re easy to read when it comes to that sort of stuff.” Luke explained with an amused smile on his lips. “I can’t believe you…” Han let out a short laugh and shook his head. “You knew all along…” “And I was just waiting for you to say it. But you took just a second too long for me.” Luke grinned and stood back up on his toes to wrap his arms around the other’s neck. “So I had to say it.” He crooned. Han shook his head and laughed before leaning down to kiss Luke softly, wrapping his arms around Luke’s waist. He reached up to push the hair from Luke’s face, cupping his cheek and pulling him closer into the kiss. He didn’t want to let go. He couldn’t just let go. Han had nearly lost Luke one too many times and he would never let that happen again… “I love you.” “I know...I love you too.” 1 Time Luke had spent years living on that island. Alone, training himself, learning how to hone his skills and become a better Jedi. One without flaws. He trained himself to be a wise man. He worked hard, but he never forgot his origins. His boyhood years. The foolish things he did. But he did enjoy most of his time spent out in space, exploring, risking his life. Going on adventures. If anything, he enjoyed falling in love. He fell in love with someone he never would have expected to meet in his lifetime. A smuggler, a suave, piece of work man. And even with the flaws, Luke had fallen head over heels for him. And every time Luke had nearly lost his life, Han was there to save him. Han was always there. But now here he was. Alone. One day he would leave. Or maybe he wouldn’t. Maybe he’d stay here and reminisce on the good days, where he was young and stupid and was allowed to do silly things like fall in love. He can still remember times with Han… in love, laying together in a sweaty mess. They were stupid, but they had each other and they were in love… There they were, laying together, tangled in the sheets. Sweating, laughing, smiling… Han lay on his back, an arm around Luke’s small frame, tugging him close to his chest. And Luke was there, tracing patterns over Han’s chest, kissing his bicep, neck and cheek, muttering sweet nothings to him. In that moment, they were with each other. They had each other and there was nothing there to stop them in that moment… all they had was each other. That time was a long time ago. Their lives had changed. Han had a son with Leia. Their relationship wasn’t built to last, but both of them felt those embers still burning deep in their core. They weren’t made to go on. But sometimes Luke regretted ever letting Han slip through his fingers. But it was at least comforting to feel the other breathing and existing through the Force. It gave Luke a certain sense of hope and security that he missed sometimes. He cherished those moments of warmth. But all at once, those feelings were stripped from him. He was standing out on the island, trying his best to focus on the tasks at hand. All of a sudden, something hit him like a ton of bricks. It was something he’d never felt before, a feeling that seemed to reach into his core and rip out his very being. His breath was taken from him and his body went cold. He knew what happened, but he couldn’t say it outloud. He knew what had been stripped from him. All at once. For a moment, he looked out onto the vast ocean, trying to reach out and feel for a hint of life, for anything… but there was nothing. He knew what had happened and he couldn’t avoid it. Sinking to his knees, Luke stared up at the sky. Clouds began to bloom overhead, the chill over the island seeming ten times worse than usual. Taking a deep breath, Luke let out a rattled sigh and allowed tears to fall from his eyes. Once again, he was left in the cold. With no warmth to keep him happy. ”I love you.” “I know. I love you too.”