Overwatch - J/H at a hot spring Jesse McCree had spent most of his life in the Great West Desert where sonic showers, atmospheric domes, and rain collection were required. There’d even been half a dozen times in Deadlock where they’d stolen water rather than guns—and Jesse had actually felt worse about that than the murder. For Jesse water a necessity, it wasn’t supposed to be sexy. But in Japan, it looked like from now since creation the whole damn place had never once been dry. Apparently they had so much water they made you take a bath before you could roam out into the hot spring Hanzo had insisted they visit after their mission. There were little showers along the walls where McCree could’ve been in his own damn cubicle cleaning his own damn self without having to see a damn thing, but apparently when you were Hanzo Shimada they didn’t care that you’d renounced your clan, some pretty little things still sat you on a stool inside a wooden tub and scrubbed you down from top to toes. And apparently your foolishly large American friend got the same treatment, no matter how much he needed to be scolded to make it through without embarrassing them both. Things like: “It’s an onsen, not a hot spring,” and “Jesse, I spent the first month of our acquaintance under the impression you were allergic to shirts, uncurl and let her wash you,” and “They are not prostitutes, McCree, stop staring at them like that.” Jesse would’ve been damn mortified about that if the girls hadn’t all given him a little smirk that said they knew full well that the lady wiping Hanzo’s back wasn’t what he was staring at. The girl scrubbing Jesse’s left side actually kept herself twisted out of the way so she wasn’t blocking his view. And when Jesse tried to look anyplace else, the girl scrubbing his hair nudged his head right back to staring. Water was not sexy. Jesse just kept repeating that to himself when every squeeze of the rag sent another gush down Hanzo’s back, his archer’s physique breaking the flow into a dozen little tributaries that somehow all managed to find their way back together at the small of his back, disappearing behind the rim of his tub and down the pert swell of his ass that was lurking just out of sight. The girl did it again, and Jesse straightened himself up just a little so maybe he could see some of what he’d been too embarrassed to look at before. One of his scrubbers pushed him right back down, and whatdja know, Hanzo was all done with his pre-bath. Hanzo stood up and ducked his head so the girls could dump a bucket over him and wash away any leftover suds. Now, Jesse McCree hadn’t prayed in a good long while, but he was damn tempted to thank whatever deity had led him to this moment. Because Jesse had seen some beautiful things in his time, but nothing quite held a candle to Hanzo Shimada buck naked, every inch of him glistening while all those hard lines that were usually shrouded behind his yakuta were highlighted instead. It was like the sun had broken across the mountains and plains of his body after a hundred years in the rain. As perfect as the sight of Hanzo was, the best part was how the rest of him had gotten all soft, like he’d released a breath Jesse hadn’t known he’d been carrying. There was a comfort in being surrounded by people who spoke your own language, and belonged to your culture, and honored your name. It was the first time he’d seen Hanzo without a weapon at hand. He looked at peace with his own skin. And what nice skin it was, flushed pink and scrubbed clean. Once again, the girls were a damn sight better at this than Jesse, and the one scrubbing his hair for far longer than it needed pushed his head forward so he wouldn’t get caught gawking when Hanzo turned around. “Can I trust you to behave if I proceed to the baths, McCree?” Jesse cleared his throat before answering since he didn’t think croaking would do him any favors. “So long as someone shows me the way I oughta be fine.” Jesse glanced up and Hanzo already had a towel wrapped around his waist, though dishrag was probably a better term for it. Hanzo left for the outdoor baths after a nod from one of the ladies, and Jesse watched the flex of those perfect calves as he went. The second the door closed behind Hanzo, Jesse tilted his head back to look at all three of the girls and declared, “Ya’ll are the best friends I’ve ever had.” “Remember that, McCree-san.” They tugged him to his feet and dumped him clean like they’d done for Hanzo. One grabbed another stool so she could reach the top of his head and tug his hair back into the perfect knot that Jesse never could manage no matter how many times he watched Hanzo do it, while another handed him a towel even smaller than Hanzo’s, one that didn’t wrap all the way around his hips. “Uh…” “Friends, yes?” “But I’ve only got the one hand!” Because apparently the minerals in the spring weren’t going to do his metal arm any good so he’d left it behind. “I can’t keep this thing up and open the doors with just the one.” “Trust us, McCree-san.” Jesse did, awkward and gangling as the damn thing made him look. And what do you know? Him stumbling about trying to get the door open to the outside while keeping the damn towel closed so he wasn’t flashing all and sundry earned him the sight of Hanzo rising from the spring like Poseidon from the deep, mist swirling about him and water dripping from his perfect pecs while he walked straight towards Jesse. He looked concerned for Jesse rather than pissed that the cowboy was doing things wrong, and damn it all if that wasn’t the best part of Jesse’s day. Chapter 2 : Sherlock - MPreg Omega Lestrade This… this was not possible. Gregory Lestrade was a grown-ass man who’d successfully been managing his own birth control since he was 14. Despite a youth riddled with the kind of promiscuous activity that fully-grown Greg was stunned hadn’t gotten him in serious trouble, not once had he missed his birth control, skipped a condom, or had cause for half a moment’s worry on a morning after. He was forty-fucking-five years old, with two ex-wives, a lifetime of his own sexual experience coupled with seeing the stupid decisions people made when they thought with their sexual organs. Most relevant to the current impossibility: he had a stack of medical paperwork declaring him sterile. Estrus cycles were worse than unpredictable in male Omegas, with real, fully-fledged heats not cropping up until the mid-20s. Muscular, square-jawed, and aggressive as he was, Greg had always toed the line between Beta and Alpha more than he’d ever seemed like an Omega—at least, until he smiled at someone, then they could see it. So Greg had never spared a second thought to having nothing but pathetic partial heats. He figured if he every had a fully-fledged heat at all, his body would put it off as long as possible because he had a bit more testosterone in his system than typical Omegas. Only, according to the paperwork his lack of heats wasn’t down to hormones, it was because Gregory Lestrade was never going to be anyone’s biological father. That little piece of information had doomed his first marriage—his university sweetheart was progressive about Greg being a constable, but an Omega who couldn’t bear children was a step too far. Despite sticking to Alphas and Betas who knew damn well about his status, it had inadvertently taken out his second marriage as well. For all that Greg’s reproductive organs and hormone levels seemed not to have one damn idea he was an Omega, his nose still did. Which meant that despite the diligent showering and perfuming his ex-wife employed to cover up all traces of her affair, Greg was genetically pre-programmed to know what pregnancy smelled like. (Sherlock said Iron Age Omegas with the skill were the ones who managed to protect their offspring from potential interlopers and thus pass on their genetic traits to Greg.) Greg knew Emma was pregnant long before her nausea set in, and when he confronted her about it she tried to pass it off as Greg’s. He’d been tempted to accept the lie, mercy how he’d been tempted. Accepting that he’d never father his own children didn’t change the fact that Greg wanted them. Nor did it change the reality that Emma didn’t. Greg knew damn well that if he hadn’t smelt it then Emma never would’ve told him. For all her protests about ‘maybe later’ she never actually wanted to be a mother. She would’ve just aborted the fetus and gone on with her affair until she tired of this one the same way she’d tired of all the others. (When Greg had found out that they’d virtually never been monogamous, her defense had been that she loved Greg, she wanted to make her life with him, and the rest of them—and yes, there’d apparently been several—were just for fun.) When Yard gossip told Sherlock about the divorce he’d just snorted and told Greg that’s what he got for marrying a woman who didn’t know the difference between sterility and infertility in regards to Omega biology. The irony in that was, apparently the doctor who’d squashed all Greg’s hopes of having a family and ripped away a huge chunk of his identity as an Omega, apparently didn’t understand the difference either. Because in Greg’s hand right now was a pregnancy test telling him that doctor was an idiot. Because apparently, just because Greg couldn’t impregnate anyone didn’t mean he couldn’t get pregnant himself. Or—and this was an equally likely possibility—Holmeses were extraordinary in everything right down to their sperm. Like most things in his life, Greg was tempted to blame this on Sherlock. See, Greg had been the one to find Sherlock the last time he’d overdosed, been the one to call emergency services, been the one to riffle through the pockets of Sherlock’s significantly less expensive coat than the one he wore now and been the one to call Mycroft and tell him his brother was at the hospital. (Sherlock had Mycroft listed under ‘Bane of my Existence.’ Greg wasn’t sure if it said something worse about him or about Sherlock that he could guess that meant family.) After you’d sat with someone through the dark, endless hours where you waited to see if another person’s system would finally collapse under the weight of the drugs being purged from their system, you formed a sort of a bond. When Sherlock refused rehab—surely the willpower of the great Sherlock Holmes was enough to restore him to sobriety without the assistance of medical professionals--Mycroft had asked Lestrade to inform him when he thought Sherlock was using since despite all his surveillance, he hadn’t known Sherlock had moved on to cocaine. Text messages had turned to phone calls, had turned to a celebratory bottle of scotch when Sherlock agreed to rehab, had turned to commiserating drinks when he checked himself out before the 30 days were up, had been dinner when he tried again, and so on and so on, until somehow Greg considered Mycroft one of his best friends. It was a strange sort of friendship, and if Sherlock had really been the only thing they had in common Greg imagined that it probably wouldn’t have been anything more than a genial working relationship. Mycroft was preconditioned to like those people who didn’t mind Sherlock, while Greg liked Mycroft’s sense of humor, so sharp that the first time he made a joke it took Greg a whole minute to realize that the man had been teasing. The man was fiercely protective of his brother, and Greg, well, he found that attractive. He hadn’t ever planned to do anything about it since he’d been utterly devoted to his wife at the time, but he’d noticed. For the longest time Greg’s imagination hadn’t been able to conjure up an image of Mycroft in anything less than a three piece suit. Though he supposed the moment he decided that the image of Mycroft sweaty and panting for breath was a possibility he probably began his own downfall, because the only place he could see that happening was beneath him as Greg rode the man’s cock until his hair was wet enough it started to curl like his brother’s. (A visual that Greg now knew had been deliciously accurate.) Right from the beginning Lestrade had thought Mycroft had nice eyes, and though it was a pity they were accompanied by such a brusque personality. The first step in making Mycroft palatable had been his utter devotion to his brother, which Greg wasn’t ashamed to admit his own loose family ties and Omega nature made something incredibly appealing. From there—strangely enough—he found himself liking the way Mycroft walked. Greg’s romantic history was filled with shapely women and broad men who gave him something to grab, so it had taken Greg a few meetings to realize that there was something appealing at Mycroft’s long, lean frame. He thought to himself that a sharp sneeze would be enough to blow Mycroft away—and when he landed he’d pull out that pocket square and fuss over the inconvenience. But when Greg stopped getting distracted by his words, he started to pay attention to feline grace with which Mycroft moved. No, not feline… leonine. The man seemed like a great, lazy cat right up until he ripped your head off for interfering with his plans, then he would go right back to his nap, feasting on your bones like they were a dainty finger sandwich. So yes, Greg had a healthy appreciation for Mycroft’s appeal, but that didn’t mean he was going to do anything about it, even after his marriage dissolved. (And don’t think that Greg didn’t have his suspicions about why Emma caved so quickly to Greg’s request. As much as Omega rights were supposed to have progressed, if his Alpha partner didn’t want a divorce like she claimed she didn’t, it should’ve taken Greg over a year to actually push through the paperwork as well as a disgusting sum of money to a barrister to ever make it go that fast. The easy divorce had echoes of Mycroft’s fingers all over it, though the actual touching had probably been done by Anthea.) Greg knew better than to jump straight into a new relationship without doing a post mortem on the one he’d just gotten out of, and dating a brother that Sherlock claimed to loathe seemed like a recipe for getting his personal business spread all over the Yard. Which was exactly the opposite of the image of the flighty, dramatic Omega, who couldn’t manage to keep their legs closed that Greg had been fighting against his entire career. At the same time, Greg couldn’t imagine a world in which Mycroft would be willing to hurt Sherlock by dating one of the few people in the world Sherlock might tentatively consider a friend. If ‘dating’ would even be what they did. Mycroft was a thoroughbred alpha with the kind of social standing that Greg had thought only existed in films. Swear down, they’d gone out to a stupidly fancy place the night before Sherlock completed the entire course of treatment at his last rehab and some dowager such and such had swanned up to Mycroft with her two Omega daughters in tow and actually called for the maître d’ to set up an extra chair for Mr. Holmes and his associate in their private room. The worst part? Both of the daughters were on the cusp of their heats and really shouldn’t have been out and about. One of the girls looked mortified by their mother and spent the whole of the short conversation edging her way back to their party, while the other was leering at Mycroft with all the grace of a hyena. With the kind of verbal gymnastics that made Greg stop and stare, Mycroft managed to turn them down while simultaneously getting the daughters to take his car back to their house right that instant, all without embarrassing the girl who knew better, and making the other think she was being gifted a golden opportunity to scent mark Mycroft’s car. (He’d told Greg later that he’d had to have the whole things steam cleaned to get rid of the smell, and no, Greg did not want to hear Mycroft’s deductions about what she’d had to have to done to create that concentration of scent.) Greg, though, he knew damn well that he was handsome and clever enough when you weren’t running about with Holmeses, but he was still an aging DI and an Omega with a defective uterus. He was also mature enough to know that love wasn’t something you fell into, it was something you chose, and he made the concerted effort not to choose such a thing with Mycroft. A relationship between the two of them wouldn’t work for a thousand different reasons, and he knew better than to let such an idea take hold and ruin the strangest and potentially best friendship he’d ever had. They could meet for drinks, swap stories, and weave themselves inextricably into one another’s lives without Greg falling arse over tits with a man he couldn’t actually have or hope to make a real relationship with. Which, of course, was exactly why when they’d had a few too many drinks after Sherlock and John escaped the exploding pool with little more than a few scratches, Greg had found himself in Mycroft’s lap trying to suck the man’s soul out through his mouth. And yes, Greg had made the first move. And yes, that move had been downing a tumbler of disturbingly expensive scotch like it was a shot of tequila then climbing onto Mycroft’s lap in a wingback chair that really wasn’t designed for two grown men. At some point they’d made it to Mycroft’s bed, had some truly spectacular sex, and then both gotten calls about Sherlock when they should still be sleeping off the hangover. (Greg’s had come from John, Mycroft’s from Anthea. Both were wondering about the likelihood of Sherlock getting arrested trying to break into the pool to gather more evidence. And both were partially supportive of that arrest because they wanted not to be dealing with Sherlock when he came down from his adrenaline high.) They’d never really talked about it, but hearing the echo of Sherlock’s complaints in their ears as they laid next to one another in the soft light of a rare sunny morning was the perfect summation of why this couldn’t be more than a one night stand, and why they couldn’t be children about this. Not that they ever would. One of the things Greg appreciated about Mycroft was that he understood exactly what things were deserving of drama, and which weren’t. It was hard to throw a tantrum about sex when you put it in perspective with all the things they both saw in their work. They’d slept together, they’d had an excellent time, and they were still friends, and that was simply that. Greg had indulged in one long, slow kiss before he slipped out from between the covers, smirking at Mycroft as the man stayed put to enjoy the show. Greg accepted Mycroft’s offer of a shower and a recommendation that when he met with Sherlock he did so wearing a pair of sunglasses. Sherlock’s mind skipped straight over the thought of sex and went straight to a night of celebratory drinking, and the detective had made numerous references to alcohol being the only reason anyone could stand Mycroft’s presence. Chapter 3 : Les Mis - Grantaire reincarnated in Star Trek “Terrans are so peculiar.” The boy ignored her. Amorphous blob of self-loathing he might currently be, he still considered himself male. It was her own experience that told her he had been young when he died the first time. Accustomed as the dead were to being ignored by the living, Sivunn stepped between the boy and the woman who had been the sole object of his attention throughout the night—a well-bred Terran of middling age who had consumed enough intoxicants to take down a Klingon. With each passing drink the boy seemed more and more pleased—no, not so pleasant an emotion. Satisfied—with her. He was not planning to take her a host—he lacked both the malice and a firm enough grasp on his own identity for such a thing—but both the spirit and the object of his attentions radiated the same sickly ochre green of self-loathing. He shifted to the side—you couldn’t step when you no longer had legs—and she got between them once again. She felt a flicker of irritation and knew for certain that he would have sighed at her if her could, the first glimmer of life she perceived in him all night. “Even when you’re dead you’re a strange species. Here you are, wishing that you could cease to exist, yet you refuse to pass on.” Sivunn had expected surprise. Terrans were generally so ill-informed about the abilities of other species that he should be baffled that she could see him. Even those few Terrans who believed in the afterlife suffered under the impression that to sense spirits meant seeing ghosts ever minute of the day. Betazoids such as herself had a much healthier relationship with the inevitability of death—though in truth, there were few species in the Federation who had a worse time accepting their own mortality than Terrans. Sivunn often felt the impressions of a life lived, of family watching over their descendants, and like tonight, she occasionally those rare few who refused to enter the Allmother’s embrace because they believed they were undeserving. Instead of the expected surprise, Sivunn felt a wave of irritation. Not that she was distracting him from the object of his attention, but that she assumed this pathetic afterlife was a choice. The boy felt like a fish caught in a net, dragged flopping and gasping out of the sea when he wanted to drown in it’s cold embrace. For all her years it was the most exquisite image Sivunn had ever been gifted by another’s mind. She could feel the abrasive rope ripping at her scales, tearing them up and away from her flesh. The apathetic water around her slipped away, taking with it the endless currents that she could ride nameless and formless, while the net dragged her towards the burning sunlight, up into familiar voices that filleted her flesh from aching bones. A dozen lifetimes hiding in the deep and now the net had found him again, ready to drag him back to the light and the land of the living. Thoughts from spirits as amorphous as his were difficult to parse, but it this case the translation of his image came through as clear as a bell. He was to be reborn. He had hidden as best as he was able from the net dragging him back to life, but it had caught him now. He was taking what little time he had before fate intervened, not to watch the woman drink, but instead to pick a mother. Choosing to be reborn to a woman who loathed herself as much he loathed himself, and who hopefully would be too concerned with nursing her own alcohol problem to care about stopping the one he intended to develop the moment he could until it drove him back to the dark depths of death. “Do you know who I am?” He imagined the sun in a sky shining a brilliant red from pollution that had not contaminated Earth in centuries; a woman with a sly smile and a tangled mess of post-coital black hair; a box of paints, brand new and the highest quality. Ah, she was beauty. “You are charming, but more than that, I am Sivunn Ostarux, the high priestess of Karawati, the Allmother of the Four Deities of Betazed, the same beloved Goddess who tamed the Great Fire and brought life to our world. More importantly to you, I am one of the few people capable of breaking that net.” Sivunn had been expecting joy, but alas, Terrans were nothing if not peculiar. Instead, she was met with soul-crushing horror and the sight of a boy who glowed with all the righteous fire of Rixx, the ancient warrior Karawati had chosen to free their world from darkness. Separated though they were by time, space, and memory, she knew that this man was the linchpin, the person the fates were casting their net to drag back to life time and time again while the boy before her was simply caught up in the wake. “Apollo,” his soft voice drifted across her mind’s ear. “I called him Apollo.” “In this life, you will call him imzadi.” It was simple enough to convince him to take her as his mother, to gather up his soul into her womb to wait while she went to find a father. While she was tempted to steal away with one of the Klingons at the party—she thought her son might appreciate the alcohol tolerance—instead she chose the attaché to the Betazoid Ambassador. The Ambassador himself was a nincompoop, but the attaché was clever and from a family that looked well upon dual-species children. (In truth, she chose him most for his looks. She would give her son an unmatched litany of mental gifts and family connections, but his father could give him a face like the one he had born in his first life. To change species would be trial enough.) It was months later, after she had announced her pregnancy to her fellow religious heads, after the father's family matriarch had begun sniffing around the rumor that she was carrying a child she had conceived while on Earth, after her son had quickened in her womb and she could feel the desperate stirrings of his mind afraid that his Apollo would not have such a mother. She soothed her son back into the peace of gestation and took pleasure from the sea of gossip that started the moment she departed for Earth. She did not know who should be the mother, but she knew for certain who should be the father to a god. Chapter 4 : Star Wars - Poe's paternity See, the biggest problem with joining the Resistance wasn’t really learning all those details they thought made up ‘regular’ life. (Finn knew a lot more than everyone in the Resistance thought he did, but Finn knew far too well the value of being underestimated.) Nor was the real issue lifelong Resistance fighters being worried about inviting a Trooper into half their intelligence briefings, or Poe maybe leaking info about the other half. (Again, the value of being underestimated, or perhaps it was how much they valued Poe’s belief in him.) No, the real problem was that everyone in the Resistance knew everyone else’s business. Apparently when you were a small community at war, your favorite way to unwind was unrelenting gossip. Everyone knew that Leia’s kid was the face of the First Order—and they all opinions about how Han and Leia’s parenting had or had not contributed to that. They knew which of Poe’s exes were still in love with him—Pava had popped up out of nowhere to save Finn from vague threats about how Poe was just playing around with him. They knew that despite her love of cooking and her title, you should never eat what Head Chef Emlya cooked herself, only things made by her staff. And the most important well-known fact of all: Luke Skywalker and Kes Dameron couldn’t stand each other. Rumor said that the day Poe turned up at the Resistance base after he defected from the Republic Navy, every single old Rebel soldier had sent Kes a wave to warn him what his boy was up to. Half of those waves begged the retired soldier not to disown his son for the affront of joining up with Luke’s sister. The young people liked the tell the story with a laugh, teasing that Kes wanted to keep his boy away from the only group in galaxy who could cause even more trouble than Poe could by himself. But the old soldiers, the ones who should have known the truth of the matter, their smiles were bright but their shoulders were tight. A lifetime spent with people in armor meant that Finn had gotten good at body language, and their language meant there was some truth to the whispers. Finn spent weeks gathering intel, searching the official paperwork (Kes and Luke had only worked together once), several dinners with the old Pathfinders (the two just started off on the wrong foot and never found their way to the right one), and the unrelenting driver of Resistance life: gossip (which said everything from Kes having a prejudice against the Force, to Luke thinking Kes was an Empire spy). Finn gathered it all, no matter how ridiculous it might be, and the picture he formed was this: no one had any idea real why the two men hated each other. If Finn had just been curious, that would have been good enough. If no one else knew something, he was content with not knowing it either. But Luke Skywalker was returning with Rey, and as far as Finn could tell, Poe hadn’t seen Luke since he was a kid. Skywalker was as much a symbol of hope to these people as he was a symbol of hate to the First Order, and the last thing the Resistance needed was to see their fairy tale hero sniping at their favorite son over some disagreement with his father. (And no, Finn didn’t want to see Poe get hurt by a Jedi, and yes, he was worried about Rey taking Luke’s side while Poe took his dad’s, and yes, Finn was worried about his two favorite people in the galaxy not liking one another over something stupid.) So Finn gathered his intel, and then waited for a night when Poe was on mandatory downtime. Unless the First Order tried to burn down the galaxy again, Finn had 72 hours to get the truth from him. Or at least, find out if the truth was worth knowing. So Finn let Poe debrief, then catch up with his squad, and finally eat dinner before Poe hauled him back to their room while the other pilots cackled like they thought Finn had finally gotten sick of waiting and decided to take Poe to bed. (And yes, Finn knew that everyone thought he hadn’t noticed Poe’s crush. And no, he wasn’t going to pursue Poe when the whole gossipy base was waiting for them to. He wasn’t above using their expectations to get some privacy though.) “Uh, buddy?” Poe asked the second the door closed behind them and Finn cut him off before they got distracted. “Here’s the thing. I’ve been going around asking everyone why Kes and Luke don’t like each other. And I mean everyone, because the Inquisitors taught us that all information is useful information, and someone useless might know something valuable that they don’t actually know is valuable. But here’s the thing, no one—not even the old Pathfinders who served with you father and would trust me with the codes to the missiles neither one of us are supposed to know about—actually knows anything about why they can’t stand the sight of each other. Which tells me that whatever happened, your dad and Luke either haven’t told anyone, or the few people they have told managed to keep themselves from ever hinting about anything. So I feel comfortable saying that whatever it is, it’s not something that’s going to come out and hurt either one of you because someone can’t keep their mouth shut. But just, I have to know, do you know what it is?” Poe blinked, catching up with that spill of words. “Yeah, I do.” “All right. I’m not asking what it is, because it’s none of my business, but I need to know, is it something that will hurt Rey if she finds out about it? Is she going to feel betrayed if Luke decides to tell her?” “She’ll be furious with him, but only until she asks me about it.” “Will you calm her down because you can charm anyone into anything, or because it’s actually not as bad as she’ll think it is?” “Finn, my charm always plays a role in things.” “Poe—” “It’s fine, Finn. Really. And if Rey is still pissed about it after I tell her, I’ll remind her that my dad and I are the only ones who get to be angry, and we’ve gotten over it so she has to too.” “I’m still not asking, but… are you really? Over it, I mean?” “Yeah, Finn. I was pissed about it for a while when I was a kid, but it wasn’t really about being angry, it was about… about something else. I got over fast because my dad always knew that if he was angry it would make things worse for me, and he wanted to protect me from it, so he let his anger go a long time ago.” That explanation made absolutely no sense to Finn, but he blamed that on an upbringing that fell outside what the Resistance humanoids considered standard. (aka: Finn didn’t have a Dad, so what did he know?) Finn believed Poe’s explanation, and when people tried to pump him for gossip about how Poe was going to handle Skywalker’s arrival, Finn laughed it off—just like Poe always did. It took a week and a half after the arrival for Poe and Skywalker to stand next to one another, and even that was pure accident. Skywalker came to find Rey in Finn’s quarters just as Poe was on his way out. They stood face to face for less than three seconds, then with a polite nod from Poe he was on his way down the hall. The part of Finn that had been trained by Phasma appreciated how deftly the two men had managed to avoid one another in such a way that no one ever actually tried to interfere and bring them together. Because if they had brought them together they would have seen that beneath the scars, and the age, and his mother’s coloring, Poe and Luke had the same nose, and the same jaw, and for all that their eyes were as different as the summer sun to winter storms, they were the same shape. To have Luke Skywalker and Poe Dameron standing before you for direct comparison meant accepting that one of them wasn’t actually a Dameron. And suddenly Poe’s explanation and Kes’ loathing made all the sense in the world. Chapter 5 “Upon the hearth the fire is red, Beneath the roof there is a bed; But not yet weary are our feet, Still round the corner we may meet.” Thorin pounded the hunk of iron in time with the haphazard rhythm of Bilbo’s favorite walking song. In one of their early spats in a struggle to find the right word Bilbo had called Dwarven music ‘plodding’ and Thorin had refused to speak to him for a week, though now that he was never going to hear anything but Dwarf music ever again, Thorin could admit that there was a certain steadiness to their songs that might’ve been strange to an outsider. After all, Dwarf songs were meant to be sung in time with picks and axes, in grand halls with Dwarves pounding their feet and blunting the knives all in time. Hobbit songs though, they were meant to be danced to. Every last song Bilbo had taught them on the long road to Erebor had a strange rhythm to it that took most of the company at least a week to get enough a hold of that they were able to sing or play along. Fili was better at it than most, but only after a youth of diligently listening to Thorin at his harp while Kili spun in circles. Thorin had done his best not to absorb any of those Hobbit songs, and to keep the sight of Bilbo’s bare, flashing feet out of the corner of his eyes as he danced mad circles around the clod-footed Dwarves and sang about cows in the moon and green dragons all at a pace and a rhythm they couldn’t begin to match. For all that he had tried not to, Thorin knew every note, every step, and every word of the music that had passed Bilbo’s lips. Worse still, while Bilbo had been singing, Thorin had been mentally composing the accompaniment he’d play when they were finally settled in Erebor and he would once again get the chance to play his harp. But now Thorin was dead, and there were no harps to be found in the Erebor of the Dwarven afterlife. (There were no trees under the mountain, and where there were no trees there was no wood, and no wood meant no carving, and no carving meant no harps. Fili and Kili had spent days tracking down where the wood for the kitchen ovens was coming from, but according to the cooks the fires never went out and the wood never reduced, and so there were no logs to be gathered to stoke the fires. Kili had suggested they forge Thorin a harp out of metal, but Fili had sighed, “Oh, Ki” with heartbroken eyes and the boys never brought it up again.) Thorin couldn’t imagine that the nonexistent skill he’d possessed with Dwarven instruments in life had gotten any better in death, nor had he gotten any more graceful. (“It’s just like fighting, ‘Rin!” Shining Frerin had spun like a whirling dervish between three different partners, each of them looking perfectly paired rather than abandoned for another. When Thorin tried to think about it like fighting, he slipped and punched a fellow prince in the face. Diplomatic relations had never recovered. Frerin and Dis had laughed themselves sick.) No, Thorin’s only solace was to sing. And so sing he did, sing while he pounded away at useless slabs of iron that he had no desire to craft into anything worth seeing, sing while he walked in endless loops around the inside of the mountain and regretted every time he had spoken ill of the sun or the wind on his face, and sing while he sat in the pillow-filled chair Frerin had commissioned for him. (After the wood Fili and Kili had attempted to track down where exactly all the raw material for food, for cloth, for candles were coming from, but the answers were the same. Thorin didn’t know if they had stopped looking, or if they had simply gotten more subtle in their search after too many Dwarves complained that the Princes’ questions were making them uncomfortable.) It was the chair Thorin found himself in now, idly flipping through one of the texts his mother had dropped by to inspire him, (and no book of Elvish, Mannish, or Common was to be found anywhere in the Mountain. Thorin could only imagine how furious Ori would be by that when he arrived.) Master than he was at avoiding responsibility, Frerin had commissioned the chair to be short and stout. It was a bother to get out of, but Frerin had positioned it behind Thorin’s work table so someone looking for him would have to come deep into Thorin’s personal forge to be sure he actually wasn’t there when he declined to answer their knocks. Unless, of course, you were Frerin Goldenbough, then you slammed the door open and vaulted over your brother’s table before the door even had a chance to swing silently shut. (The door really was a masterful piece of construction. Thrain had designed it himself to facilitate his heir’s sneaking, and made it extra thick after he caught too many lurkers outside eavesdropping on his son’s idle singing.) Apathetic towards the book Thorin might be, but he knew full well that you didn’t give Frerin attention that you weren’t ready for him to use. “I thought we agreed you were going to start knocking?” “Why would I do that when you’re never working?” “If you don’t knock then other people will start thinking they don’t have to either.” “I’m your brother. I’m one of three people in the mountain who’s not in awe of you. I could post a sign on the door telling people to just walk in you’re accepting visitors, and they still would lurk outside too afraid to enter.” Thorin paused in his fake perusal. “You, Dis, and…?” “Aelli.” Ah, yes. Dis’ husband would certainly be the third person. He had never been overly fond of Thorin, and their rough relationship had only been exacerbated by finally being reunited with his sons, sons who Thorin had raised. It certainly wasn’t Thorin’s preferred solution to matters, but he was perfectly willing to have Aelli dislike him in exchange for the Dwarf not deciding to begrudge Dis’ reforged relationship with Frerin. (And yes, Thorin felt guilty about how little guilt he felt that a broken heart had brought his sister to them scant days after her own return to the Erebor of the living.) “Is there a particular reason that you’re hiding as well?” Frerin had landed in a crouch, safely tucked between the table and Thorin’s chair and just as out of sight. “Well…” “It concerns me when you, of all people, are unwilling to say something.” “Durin is here.” Thorin snapped the book shut. “Because then you say things like that. What in… well, what in Durin’s name is Durin doing here?” Frerin flinched, and really, things just kept getting worse. Frerin had the gift of a silver tongue—in all it’s forms, which his brother had spent their youth bragging about. Thorin’s gift was that when he spoke you believed him—only partly because he was an absolutely terrible liar. Frerin, of course, was far more useful in meetings and negotiations, and had probably snuck away from the fanfare that followed Durin wherever he went because he claimed that he couldn’t send someone to find Thorin because he didn’t know exactly where Thorin was, but if anyone could find Thorin, he could. Thorin could practically hear all of those words tumbling out of Frerin’s mouth as he plastered on his most helpful grin that it seemed Thorin was the only one who could actually see through. (Once upon a time Dis had been able to as well, but she was terrible at it now. Out of practice or simply relieved to be with Frerin again, he couldn’t tell.) But Thorin knew Frerin’s looks. He knew every last damn one of them, and something in the back of Frerin’s mind and the muscles of his face knew that he couldn’t actually manage to lie to him. He still tried though, he just couldn’t help himself. Though Thorin could tell that Frerin was trying very hard to make himself believe he could cushion the blow and that Thorin wouldn’t hear all of the truth lurking at the edge of his words. But Thorin could see the grimace Frerin was trying to turn into a smile. “Why is Durin looking for me?” Thorin did not almost flail himself out of his chair at the realization. He did not. “Who knows why Durin does anything?” And there, that shrug was misplaced. “Frerin!” “He didn’t say anything!” “Him not saying anything doesn’t mean you didn’t hear anything. Or that your spies in Gundabad haven’t been keeping you updated.” And yes, Thorin lived in terror of the day when Nori died and he’d have to introduce him to Frerin. The afterlife would never recover. ‘They’ve just been rumors. Not even real rumors, just suggestions of them.” “Frer.” “Dain’s wife is pregnant. The gossips think Durin is ready to get reborn. Again.” There was a time in his life Thorin would have been furiously jealous that his cousin Dain was the Dwarf honored to be the father of one of Durin’s reincarnations. Of his seventh and final reincarnation. Just like there was a time when Thorin would’ve been furious that that Dain sat upon the throne that by all rights ought to have been his. But now, there was nothing but the hollow ache that came with Thorin’s sure knowledge that he would never be a father, and that he had not been a good enough one to his nephews when he’d been given the opportunity. “I’m happy for them. The two always deserved more children. But if Durin is here to announce…” Frerin bit his lower lip in a way everyone else thought he did to be coy. “You don’t think he’s just going on a tour of the different kingdoms to announce that he’s going to be reborn.” “I think you should have picked up the Raven Crown.” Thorin’s expression shut down. “I tried, Frerin. It didn’t move.” When Thorin woke in the afterlife he was granted a scant few minutes to say hello to family—to apologize to his family—before he was dragged into the great throne hall where he was introduced to every last one of his forefathers. (It was, he could admit, strange to be swept into the arms of a relative only to look up and see one of the massive stone sentinels that guarded the throne room bearing the same face as the Dwarf slamming a meaty welcoming palm against his back.) By the time Thorin made it to the front of the line their hugs had made his ribs just as sore as a blow from Azog’s mace. He found himself standing before the towering throne of Erebor, with it’s glimmering veins of gold dripping down from the ceiling and making him nauseous. (Later Thorin would realize it was his first sign that he perhaps was not the same Dwarf that he remembered being before he died.) Standing before the throne itself was Durin the Deathless, first of all Dwarves and the father of Thorin’s line. And sitting in wait on the throne was the Raven Crown of Erebor. Frerin distracted the great Durin with a wicked smile that no living being had yet managed to ignore, giving Aelli just enough time to lean into Thorin’s side and hiss that it was a great honor that the father of their line came to welcome him to the afterlife given that he was such a dunderhead, so be nice, and spend his afterlife differently than he had his life and do as he was told for once. But then Durin had welcomed Thorin into his arms and made a grand speech. In between the heavy words and compliments Thorin would have objected to if Aelli had stopped elbowing him in the side, Thorin realized that the Raven Crown had been waiting there since Erebor had first appeared in the afterlife, and every king of Erebor—every Lord and noble of Erebor, Frerin would inform him when they were drinking later—had tried to lift the crown and been rejected as the High King. (When you lived in a mountain populated with several generations of kings, apparently you had to do something to establish who was really in power.) The realization crashed over Thorin all at once: they wanted him to pick up that crown. They all knew damn well what had happened, how Thorin had fallen to the sickness in his blood, had betrayed his honor, his people, his sons, and his love. And yet they still wanted him to reach for that crown and become their High King of Erebor, and the might of their mountain would place him third in the line of authority over all Dwarves, behind only the High King of Moria, and Durin himself who ruled as King of Gundabad, the mountain that had given them all life. Worse still, Thorin knew in his bones that if he reached for it, the crown would come to him. So he did exactly what he ought to: he pretended it wouldn’t move. The people were broken-hearted, Durin gave him a clap on the shoulder and a side-eye like he knew full well what is great-great-great-etc. grandson had done but we was willing to let him get away with it. Frerin, Aelli, Kili, mother, father, grandmother, grandfather, and a whole slew of relatives whose relationships to him he had long since forgotten and presently didn’t care much to keep categorized all questioned him about it at some point or another, and each and every time Thorin kept to his lie. (Fili had simply brought him a drink and offered up his congratulations that he would never have to have that damn hunk of metal on his head ever again. The mountain had rumbled in irritation at them both, but Thorin had stayed away from the throne room ever since.) “You really are a miserable liar, ‘Rin.” “That still doesn’t explain why Durin would be looking for me, Frer.” “You’re his favorite, Thorin. If it wouldn’t be seventeen different kinds of incest I can’t even being to imagine what he’d do with you.” “Frerin!” “Thorin…” “Don’t pull out the tone you get when you think I’m willfully being stupid about something, Frer!” “Someone has to be in charge, ‘Rin! If Durin leaves to get reborn then someone has to be named so the High Kings of the other mountains don’t get into a spat about it. If you had your own kingdom to run then you could use that as a decent reason not to be the one in charge—though I’d rather you be the one in charge than some of the idiots in control of the other Dwarven kingdoms. But since the Raven Crown didn’t move for you, you’re just another Dwarven King who has exactly the same level of influence as everyone else, only you don’t, because you never get involved in politics. You roam around the back roads of Erebor singing to yourself, or sit in the room reading books that you hate, or you pretend like you have any desire at all to forge anything, and if I didn’t know better I’d say that dying had turned you into a bloody Elf!” Somewhere along the ranting Frerin had climbed to his feet, and Thorin had found his way out of the chair, and the both of them were nose to nose as Frerin screamed out his frustration with his brother. For all that death was inconvenient, it was certainly efficient at draining away Thorin’s anger. “Have I abandoned you, brother?” Frerin let out a growl and smacked Thorin in the arm. “You were a lot more fun to argue with when you were an asshole. And of course you haven’t. You’re just not taking as easily to death as the rest of us have.” “Frer, did you ever wonder if perhaps I don’t actually have the desire or the disposition to lead? And now that we’re dead and surrounded by other kings I’m simply no longer dealing with a concern that is not actually my own?” “There’s a reason I talk to you like you’re being stupid on purpose, Thorin. Whatever identity crisis death has thrown you into, you’re going to have to either work it out quickly or hide someplace that Durin can’t turn you into the temporary High King over All Kings.” Thorin was going to object again, because the idea that Durin might want him in charge for the next two hundred years was so ridiculous that Thorin couldn’t even being to contemplate it. But before he had the chance, the door gave that little shudder it always did when someone their father hadn’t trained tried to open it. Frerin shoved Thorin down to the ground and made a show of rifling through whatever materials there were on his work table, as though half-hearted translations and pathetic attempts at poetry would tell Frerin where he’d gone. “Prince Frerin!” Thorin didn’t even recognize the voice of the person who’d turned up looking for him. “Have you located King Thorin?” What Frerin wanted to do was exchange an eye roll with his brother at the lack of Thorin meaning that he obviously he hadn’t. Instead, Frerin did his duty and apologized profoundly, but no, he hadn’t found his brother. Frerin sent the nameless voice back to report in, then hauled his brother to his feet and started to strip him out of his royal garments. While what little extra vestments Thorin was wearing weren’t an indication of his rank like they’d one been, it was just colder in the mountain than he remembered. “Frer?” “Braid your hair back.” Thorin raised an eyebrow, but he obeyed. “If you don’t want to get caught you can’t go running around the halls looking exactly like yourself. “ “I’m running?” “Well you can’t stay here!” “Where am I running to?” “I don’t know. You’re the one who spends all his free time roaming around the back alleys of Erebor. You figure it out.” Thorin stripped down to his shirt and breeches, pulled his hair back into a single braid, and slipped out the door in Frerin’s smiling wake. A bit of dirt smudged on his arms and there was virtually nothing to distinguish him from the common mass of citizens flowing through Erebor at any given time. Unexpected foresight had led to his personal forge being a bit more out of the way than was common for royalty, which put him in optimum position to slip into the back halls that were populated by the people who’d be more than willing to hide him from Durin even if the great father of Dwarves turned up before them and demanded his location. It was easier than Thorin had thought it would be to sneak through the halls of Erebor. He had not expected it would be difficult by any means, but he had never been the subtlest of individuals. Of course, it certainly helped matters that the cracks and creaks that came with a long life lived under hard conditions were now the stuff of memory. While most of the Dwarves appeared in the prime of their lives—Dis a little less worn, Fili a little broader, Frerin actually fully grown—Thorin appeared exactly as he did when he died. Minus the chest wound, of course. But his hair was still flecked with silver, his eyes were still wrinkled with age, and his default expression was still so sour people tended to avoid looking him in the eye when they could. (Thorin’s grandmother liked to complain loud and long that having one of her grandsons run around with such an old face made her feel as though she ought to appear a bit older herself, just so people actually remembered what their relationship truly was.) Insofar as anyone could explain—which Thorin had come to accept was not much about the afterlife—your age in death was a matter of how old you felt like you ought to be. The age when you felt best in your own skin, or in the case of Fili and Frerin, the age when you ought to have felt that way. (Kili was still stubbornly himself. Though whether he was the same age because he felt just fine that way, or because, like Thorin, he couldn’t bring himself to move past that age was a matter of debate.) Thorin looked precisely as he had when he’d died, just as worn and just as grey, but there were those little things that his body refused to maintain, no matter how much he was a “self-flagellating fool” about others—Dis’ explanation, not his. He still bore all his scars, but none of the thousand little aches that came with such lingering injuries. All of which meant that Thorin wasn’t particularly surprised when he made it to the little-wandered portion of Erebor without crossing paths with a single living soul, but still, he’d been hoping for a little more challenge that that. It wasn’t that Thorin longed for Orc attacks on the afterlife, but he would’ve appreciated a little something to break up the endless days, even if that something was finding a corner to hide in when the first of your forefathers came for a visit. Time and age had little meaning in the afterlife, but this Thorin knew well enough: death was monotonous. To say the least. Others called it restful. (Apparently one of Thorin’s great-great-grandfathers had been asleep for the 75 years immediately after his deminse because he claimed he was still tired from what he’d done in life. Since the old bastard had been king in the peaceful years at Khazad-dum and had to do nothing but count his gold and send out other people to beat back whatever Orcs were foolish enough to venture too close to their mountains, Frerin had had to dig his fingers into Thorin’s thigh to shut him up whenever that relative started talking. Frerin offered the old king condolences in a voice so thick with false compassion that Thorin could’ve batted it out of the air.) Thorin’s own mother called death soothing since she was gifted with the presence of her whole family, safe from any harm and away from dragons and rampaging Orcs with grudges. With Frerin back at his side, forcing him to be polite to unfortunate relations and Dis glowering at everyone who dared look at her family sideways, Thorin could understand his mother’s peace. It was, after all, a comfort to know that no matter what he did he couldn’t get his nephews killed yet again. While Thorin could appreciate the chance to sleep and to spend time with his siblings without the lingering burden of a kingdom on their shoulders, he couldn’t understand those people who found death invigorating. It was, after all, the same thing day in and day out with no possible chance for variation. There would be no new adventures, no new stories, and nothing to do that you hadn’t done a thousand times before. (Those who’d been dead for at least Thorin’s lifetime liked to chortle about Fili and Kili’s investigations, remembering when they’d been curious about this new place they found themselves in. “Don’t worry, Highness. They’ll calm down and embrace death soon enough.” Thorin never told them that the idea of his nephews ever being filled with anything but rampant curiosity filled him with dread.) So yes, some part of Thorin had been hoping that perhaps Durin himself would turn up in one of the halls and Thorin would have to battle his way free, and there would be a long hunt for Thorin through the staid halls of Erebor. Of course, things never worked out quite the way that Thorin wanted and he found himself safely ensconced down a back hall with not a glimpse of trouble. Thoirn did not want to be wrangled into being King over all Dwarves while Durin was away, let that be perfectly clear right from the gate. Both because he had no desire to deal with all of the drama that came from being the poor sap in such a position, and because he would probably have to relocate to Gundabad for the duration of Durin’s lifetime. The only thing that sounded worse than doing nothing was doing nothing in a city that wasn’t his own. So Thorin roamed along, down the back pathways of Erebor singing Bilbo’s walking song to himself as though it might make the sauntering something more like an adventure. “Still round the corner there may wait A new road or a secret gate,” Later, Thorin would realize this was his mistake—if anyone would be fool enough to call it a mistake. A Dwarf of his experience ought to know the power of a song, and ought to know better than to sing it when he was the High King of Erebor. Because there was no one who knew his mountain better than him, and no one that the mountain would try so hard to make happy as it would its king. There was a door to his left that hadn’t been there in Thorin’s life, or in the thousand times that he’d walked passed since his death. No, door did not quite do it justice. The door was… round, which Thorin would later look back upon and feel a fool for not recognizing what that meant. It was round yes, but still tucked away in its own recess, and immaculately carved so the looked as though it was wood, jointed together by intricate swirls of stone that were raised to mimic iron. Beyond even those details, the door was still strange, and not just because of its shape. It was Dwarven, yes, but there was something otherworldly about it, some peculiarity he could feel in his bones. And though we pass them by today, Tomorrow we may come this way And take the hidden paths that run Towards the moon or to the Sun. Thorin hummed to himself and pushed open the door into the sunlight. Chapter 6 Notes: I feel like this crossover needs an explanation. I’ve had this sitting half-finished my hard drive for since I moved two years ago. On the flight home, the shuffle button on my iPod decided to bounce back and forth between Les Mis and The Scarlet Pimpernel musical. My half-asleep brain decided to spin visions of a crossover. I tried to ignore the dreams, I promise. But when I went to watch The Scarlet Pimpernel (1982) on youtube – thinking that it would burn the idea out of my system – but I kid you not, one of the comments declared that Aaron Tveit (Enjolras) was a look-a-like for Anthony Andrews (The Scarlet Pimpernel). After that, I just couldn’t stop myself. “But what am I going to do?” Jehan moaned into the steady comfort of Courfeyrac’s lap. No one in the rest of the group had the heart to be put off by Jehan’s whining. After all, it was difficult to be irritated by the person they all came to for understanding, especially when he was bemoaning his inability to protect a friend who was coming out of rehab. Les Amis all knew the day Jehan’s favorite artistic companion had finally agreed with their shared academic supervisor that perhaps 28 days in rehab might be exactly what Grantaire needed to get sober. (Jehan had made them all cupcakes in celebration.) Jehan had since read half a dozen books on the sobriety process and quizzed Joly extensively on the subject. After they had exhausted his knowledge, Joly took Jehan to visit to one of his professors at the medical school, a specialist on addiction and recovery. However, according to Joly’s medical professional, Grantaire should absolutely, 100%, not go back to the flat he shared with Montparnasse. To return to his drug-dealing roommate and passel of addicted friends was setting Grantaire up for relapse. And based on Jehan’s description of Grantaire’s lackluster self-esteem, Grantaire probably wasn’t going to survive getting himself back on the wagon if he fell off it. But at the same time, being an art student – only still enrolled by the grace of the Supervisor who’d gotten him into rehab – Grantaire didn’t have much in the way of funds to spend on a new place. Or, money at all, hence the continued living with a criminal and drug dealer. Frankly Jehan considered it a miracle that alcohol was the only substance Grantaire needed to get out of his system. So tender-hearted Jehan had spent the last three days sprawled half on their couch, and half on Courfeyrac’s lap while he tried to come up with a way to fit Grantaire and all his art supplies in to Jehan’s shoebox of an apartment. He got progressively more depressed when he realized that unless they bricked the walls with his anthologies of poetry, there was no making them both fit. Hence the moping into Courfeyrac’s thigh. Whatever supportive words the group might have offered this time while Combeferre was typing away at his computer trying to develop a rational plan, were all stopped dead by Enjolras’ heavy sigh. At that, every last one of them paused. One did not interrupt Enjolras when he was sighing. Enjolras had spent most of Jehan’s last few days scrolling through the latest news on his tablet, thoroughly ignoring the angsting going on in his living room. But it seemed Enjolras had reached his limit. Jehan had been expecting to be thrown out for complaining about lacking space in his shoebox of an apartment when there were people in the world who were starving. Instead, Enjolras met Jehan’s gaze across Courfeyrac’s lap, and Jehan was reminded that for all that Combeferre was able to see into people’s souls, there was no one on the face of the earth who could be quite as intimidating as Enjolras when he chose to be. “Feuilly.” Feuilly had been content to read while the rest of them studied, but at Enjolras’ call he snapped shut the battered paperback and answered the unasked question. “Grantaire is a caustic cynic. He believes people are incapable of change, and that we will always sink to the lowest common denominator.” Jehan popped up, the picture of an affronted cat. “No he doesn’t!” Feuilly just quirked an eyebrow in disbelief that Grantaire and his bitterness could be seen any other way. “He’s not! Grantaire’s a romantic, and a dreamer! He wants to believe that there’s good in the world, he just hasn’t seen much proof of it!” “A man can be best friends with you and doubt there’s goodness in the world?” Feuilly interrupted. “Yes!” Jehan snapped. “You’ve never really met Grantaire! To be honest, I’ve only caught glimpses of him. The man he truly is has been suffocated by depression and drowned by alcohol. But I know, I know that when he comes up for air he’s going to be reborn. He’s going to be the man I know he is.” Jehan leaned into the story so fervently he nearly fell off the couch. Enjolras just watched him rant, and Jehan had no idea what Enjolras was looking for, but after a long moment of staring he gave another sigh, this time like whatever he’d seen caused him actual pain. “I think you should join me at my parent’s house for brunch this Sunday.” Courfeyrac twitched in surprise, while Combeferre just reached for his phone. “Any particular time we should suggest, Enj?” Again with the sighing. “No. Given the size of the favor I’m about to ask, we should let them pick the time.” “And the duration?” Combeferre prodded. “If we must.” It was one of Les Amis dirty little secrets that Enjolras’ parents were literally made of money, hence the spectacular flat that they were currently occupying, and the rest of the group’s propensity to crash there when they wanted to feel human again. On a particularly dark day in Les Amis history, Bahorel had demanded to know why Enjolras would live in such a place when he was so concerned about the poor. Enjolras had stormed out of the room in a fury, and Courfeyrac had explained that any time Enjolras tried to move out, his father simply had him packed up and moved back within 48 hours. Enjolras had tried to move 17 times before he finally accepted that this was one of the few things about which his father would give no ground. (Apparently the disagreement had made Enjolras’ mother cry, and he’d crumpled like a wet rag. Though Jehan couldn’t understand why he’d want to move out for any reason other than pride. The interior lighting was spectacular and had inspired four poems to date.) However, the knowledge that Enjolras’s parents were rich did not prepare Jehan for a house on the posh side of the Rue de Richelieu. Nor did it prepare him for the butler answering the front door for, “Young Master Enjolras.” And he absolutely was not prepared to step into the salon to find Marguerite Saint-Just smiling at him. And really, no amount of literary imagination could prepare him to have one of the most talented actresses in the history of the French stage press a sweet kiss to each of his cheeks and declare without a hint of guile, “It’s wonderful to meet another of Enjy’s friends!” She gave Courfeyrac and Combferre the same treatment, though she had to go up on her toes to kiss them both. As for Enjolras, she pressed her soft palms to his cheeks and murmured, “My darling boy,” before pulling him close for a hug. A hug, which Enjolras returned with none of the petulance that Jehan had been expecting. Standing together before him, Jehan could forgive himself for never once seeing any shred of Marguerite in Enjolras’ face. Her features were round and elegant while Enjolras’ were sharp and demanding. She had lines around her mouth that suggested she had spent most of her life smiling rather than in her son’s perpetual scowl. In truth, the only real similarity between the two was the riot of curls perched upon both their heads, though in her case they were selkie brown rather than angelic blond. Chapter 7 : Overwatch - Hanzo and Genji as Yokai It wasn’t the first time Jesse knew he was going to die, but it sure as hell was the most irritating. Even when he’d been 17 and thought Overwatch was about to put him down like a dog, he’d been man enough to admit that after everything he’d done with Deadlock he damn well deserved it. This impending death, though? This was fucking bad intelligence, coupled with a rush job, and a newfangled jammer that kept them from sending out an SOS. They whole lot of them would be dead already if Jesse hadn’t tagged along because he just can’t help himself when it comes to Hanzo. Since it was supposed to be a simple mission, with plenty of time for chit-chat, Winston had decided to meddle in family affairs and assigned Genji, with Zenyatta there to keep the peace between the brothers and sweet Mei along as a buffer. Jesse had slipped on the transport partly to help out Mei, but mostly to flirt with Hanzo and see how much innuendo it took to actually break the archer’s concentration. And no, he didn’t feel back about interrupting brother time. The two of them were fine, Winston and Angela just assumed that since Genji was gregarious with everyone else, him not being that with his brother was a sign things were still off. (It wasn’t, though. Jesse remembered what a relief it was to be able to sit down in Gabe’s office and not have to charm a damn soul. Talking to Hanzo was like that.) Then they’d walked into a fucking trap and Jesse was sure he was going to die before he got the chance to actually hit on Hanzo someplace the man couldn’t pretend he had shit to do. The five of them had done their best, but Zenyatta wasn’t much good in a fight and Mei’s ice walls could only stand in so well for a Tank. They might’ve actually made it out of the building if a bomb hadn’t gone off, taking with it Hanzo’s legs, Genji’s spine, and a good chunk of Jesse’s ribs. Death was coming for them and Jesse was just trying to figure out how he and Shimada boys could give Zenyatta enough of an opening to pick up Mei and get the hell out. “Brother.” Genji flicked open one of the metal latches on his thigh and Jess was damn sure that Genji was about to peel off his own damn legs so his brother could get out. Some part of his should be disgusted at Genji cannibalizing himself, but Jesse was just so damn relived that he wanted to pop off the boy’s mask and give him a kiss. “Little brother—” “We’re going to die, Hanzo. All of us.” “We can get them out.” “Do you think they’ll go?” Jesse sure as hell wasn’t in the mood to listen to the two of them gripe over who got to live and who got to die when if they both stuffed their self-sacrificing bullshit they might actually might it out alive. “Whatever in the hell you two are talking about over there,” he nodded at Genji’s leg, “I’ve got enough ammo to hold the line.” That actually solved things a hell of a lot quicker than Jesse’d been expecting. He thought at least one of them would put up a stink, but Hanzo hauled himself over to Genji and yanked down on his prosthetic, revealing a pale stretch of healthy skin. Jesse freaked out a little bit when Genji drew his sword and cut himself across that exposed patch of skin, but Talon rounded the corner and they were all a little bit distracted by shooting. When Jesse made it back around, Hanzo had his palm pressed to the wound, and each with a hand wrapped around the hilt of Genji’s sword, the both of them murmuring together in Japanese. If Jesse didn’t know better, he’d say it was a prayer, but Hanzo didn’t strike him as the kind to turn to a higher power, even when he was about to die. They stopped together, and for a long moment they sat there in silence, staring at one another while Hanzo lifted his hand, hovering over the wound. They steeled themselves then looked together, and nearly collapsed when there wasn’t a speck of blood. Zenyatta prodded the former wound site and flipped over Hanzo’s palm. “But Genji cut you both.” Jesse filled in the gaps himself. While he’d been busy shooting, Genji had cut open Hanzo’s palm with the same sword they still had clung between the two of them and Hanzo had pressed his own bleeding wound to his brother’s. That didn’t explain why both brothers were still bleeding from half a dozen other places though. “What did you two do?” “I believe you would call it dragon magic. Mei, we need a thicker wall of ice.” “But Hanzo, we talked about this. The temperature change will likely get you all killed!” “That is no longer a concern. Now we must hold out until help arrives.” “What help?” The Shimada brothers glanced at one another, and Jesse demanded again, “What help!” “Family dragon magic, Jesse McCree. Family dragon magic.” Jesse had been expecting ghosts, or maybe just the dragons of dead family members to turn up, unleashed on their enemies like Hanzo and Genji had exhausted themselves doing, trying to get them out. He sure as hell hadn’t been expecting the Talon agents on the other side of Mei’s ice to start screaming bloody murder, all of the locals howling in Japanese while the others tried to fire on whatever was killing them out there. There was a polite knock on the ice, just enough time for their little band to move away their weapons before it shattered from the other side. Jesse went right back to aiming, and Hanzo dove to grab his wrist and keep him from firing and Jesse looked up to see a handsome middle-aged man in a black kimono, with a blue cloak, and a shock of white hair, undertoned with black. Most interestingly, had a sword that matched Genji’s pressed to the vulnerable skin underneath Jesse’s chin. Hanzo snapped something in Japanese and wrapped his hand around Jesse’s to keep him from trying to get off a shot. Whatever it was, the man quirked his eyebrow, but didn’t move his blade. “Don’t worry, Jesse. The sword can’t hurt you. You’re human.” The sword instantly stopped being the most important thing and Jesse leaned back so he could properly glare at Hanzo. “Human?” Hanzo and Genji shared another quick glance, and Hanzo roughly cleared his through. “Grandfather, allow me to introduce Jesse McCree. Jesse, this is our grandfather, Nura Rikuo. Mei gasped, and if Jesse hadn’t realized there was something wrong already, that would have told him. “Mei?” Genji tried to answer before she had the chance, but sweet Mei couldn’t help herself. “He’s a Yokai. The head of the Nura Clan.” “What in the fuck is a Yokai?” “In your language Jesse McCree, I am a demon.” Chapter 8 Kit Jhen was the first to arrive, his lanky limbs tramping through the endless forests of PLANET and arriving three hours after Luke Skywalker landed. The curmudgeony Jedi had not only refused to train Rey, he had refused to speak a work to her that wasn’t “No,” hoping that the rude behavior would send her and Chewbacca back to civilization and leave him to waste away in his own grief. When Rey’s stubborn demands fell on unwilling ears, Yoda had violated the rules of space and death as appeared as a Force ghost had joined in on the scolding. (Watching Rey attempt to explain the concept of a Force ghost to Finn without sounding mad was high on the list of most entertaining things Maz had heard in at least a hundred years.) Leia left Luke’s former master and future student to handle him while she was busy scattering the Resistance forces from their compromised location base on D’Qar and salvaging what remnants of the New Republic had survived Starkiller. (General Organa coordinated all those efforts from the wreckage of Maz’s castle, trusting that Maz wouldn’t allow her shields to be compromised again, and that the First Order would assume the Resistance would never go back someplace they’d already be caught.) Though it seemed overcoming the Skywalker stubbornness was a more difficult task than reorganizing the remnants of a destroyed government, and finally Leia Organa, Princess, General, Widow, and infuriated sister interrupted another comm call where Finn offered to make Poe fly him into the wilds and kick Skywalker’s ass. Leia ordered Rey to tell her brother that she wanted to speak with him. For all that Luke refused to speak, he still listened, and he followed Rey back to the comm station on the Falcon with all the stately dignity of a cat, like answering the comm was his own decision and not at all influnced by a healthy fear of his sister. The two siblings just stared at one another for several long minutes, a staring contest so uncomfortable that everyone who wasn’t a Wookie slowly crept towards the doors. Leia broke first, but since she announced, “Ben murdered my husband,” it wasn’t so much breaking as ending the fight with a knockout punch. Skywalker silently gathered up his few belongings and settled into the Falcon for a flight to PLANET. (Still not saying a word to Rey or Chewie.) He’d been in the bowels of Maz’s castle for three hours, doing goodness knows what with Leia—Maz imagined there was a bit more crying than most would guess—when Kit arrived, staff slung over his back and bandoleir full of pouches that carried the soft scent of carefully packaged dried leaves and freshly harvested plants. Maz suspected that the boy had been a Wookie in a past life, for someday he would thicken to fill out his gangly body and he’d be the size of a tree. And in her long experience there were few Humans with any sense of the Living Force, let alone how the boy striding towards her palace glowed with it. When Kit had strode up to her front door Maz had grabbed him by the scruff of his shirt and hauled his down to his knees. The boy went peacefully, if perhaps, without a speck of grace. He was still so frightfully tall that even on his knees he was above her, so she grabbed his chin and tugged him until his eyes were level with hers. (Either the boy had been warned that you did exactly as Maz Tenaka told you if you wanted to stay, or he simply had an excellent upbringing. Though, the Living Force was no doubt helping him along.) Towering above her as he did meant that Maz had only catch glimpses of what was lurking in those leaf green eyes. Now, she twisted her goggles to their highest setting and stared at his eyes—a ring of dirt brown around the iris’s edge, flecks of mossy green, but the shade you saw through layers of water, not the color when you dove into the depths and looked at it up close. They were steady and stalwart, the eyes of a man ready to grow roots this very minute and hold back the tide if it meant he could spare a single life with his own. It was a selflessness that had made him a legend, and had cost him his life. Soon enough Luke came storming out of the tunnels where Leia had set up her Resistence headquarters, every inch of his hunched shoulders declaring that he was going to steal the first X-Wing he came across and run back to his exile. A whole part of people followed after him, with Rey and Finn demanding he teach her, Leia demanding his help, and Poe keeping a wary eye on the X-Wings. Kit followed them all and added his voice to the throng, declaring that he was there to be trained as a Jedi too. Surrounded by forces that required his attention, things that would haunt him even if he should manage to sneak away, Luke dropped his pack in silent agreement to stay, at least for the moment. Such a simple promise, and the children left him be, too busy catching up with one another, finding out what had led Kit here (“The Force”), where he was from (“20 clicks south, south-east”), and would he like something to eat (“Always”). The fellow pilots brought out lunch and soon their picnic dissolved into raucous games, chasing one another over the grass but never venturing out of sight of the temple’s front steps. Maz watched the children run through the grass outside her palace, listening to the shrieks of fully-grown men and women who’d lost their friends and brothers to the ravages of war, who’d seen the worst the worlds had to offer, playing as though they were children. Cherishing their lives in a way they had not mere minutes before. But Maz, she sat on her steps and watched them, not calling out tactics or teasing the losers, but feeling every year of her age weighing down on her bones. Sweet Rey and Tenderhearted Finn came to check on her—both stalwartly ignoring Luke standing beside where she sat. Maz told them no, she would sit here for a while, because she had lived long enough to see the same eyes in different people. Both children remembered the words, but to Rey they meant Maz had seen an untold number of Jedi across her years, and Kit’s eyes shone with the same determination to be trained in the ways of the Force. Rey steeled her expression and with a sharp nod ran to Kit, determined to teach him what little she knew of the Force and offer that perhaps they could discover something new together. But Finn, he heard something different, but something that his regimented mind could not yet accept as truth. He glanced between Maz and Kit, spinning through possibilities before he decided—as he so often did in his life after the First Order—there was no point in worrying over it now. He’d keep his eyes and ears open, steadily gathering information until he understood—which would be soon enough, Maz was sure. But until then, he have them all a polite nod and barreled back to the game, catching Poe around the waist and hefting the pilot up and over his shoulder. (To be honest, Maz was almost certain the Finn would figure out her meaning before he realized his own heart.) While the children ran off to scamper in the sunshine, too consumed with living to think about potential other states of being, Luke collapsed beside her as though his strings were cut. He watched Kit twist away from the grasping hands of one of the pilots, only to have his long legs twist around one another and go tumbling to the ground. Luke traced every movement, trying to find the lines of a story he’d heard in the boy before him. It was Yoda who appeared beside them—looking perfectly alive in the planet’s bright sun—and answered the unasked question. “Qui-Gon.” Maz closed her eyes and choked back the tears that would do her no good by fog up her glasses. She remembered when someone first brought her news of Qui-Gon’s death, the dull ache that came from losing anyone she cared about was a bit sharper with how fond of the gentle giant that she’d been. That she still was and might be again. “Hasn’t he been with you on the other side?” she asked. “With us he was, though there he did not choose to be. Argued he did that help Luke we should, to train the younglings. Advise him we did, the affairs of the living to the living we should leave.” Yoda went quiet and faded with his regret. “Listen to us he did. When fell, Kylo Ren did, Qui-Gon left us. Thought we did, that visiting the living he was, or perhaps amongst the other dead who failed him they did not.” Maz snorted. “Death must mean you lose your sense. When did Qui-Gon Jinn ever run off to pout?” “Right you are. Known we should have that Qui-Gon would go to work. Had he told me, helped him I would have. Though, reborn I did not anticipate.” “You can help him now, you know.” “Reborn I do not wish to be. Being old I did not enjoy and wish to experience again, I do not.” “Then do what Qui-Gon would have done if he hadn’t taken the stubborn way,” Kit was sprawled back in the grass beside Rey, pointing out the few stars they could still see in the twilight sky and hearing the names they had used for them on Jakku. Yoda watched them talk, wondering if Kit’s charm was the product of this life, or if perhaps Qui-Gon had brought back with him some trace of the conversational skills that Obi-Wan had tried and failed to teach his master. (So long as the living thing wasn’t classified as a person, there was no one to match Qui-Gon Jinn, but charm he had never been accused of having.) That was enough for Yoda to decide. He wanted to know this boy before him, to do better by him than he’d done by his predecessor, and when he crossed once again to the other side to be able to call them both friends.” Yoda stamped his gimmer stick to the stairs, the sound echoing to their souls rather than their ears. “Bring them, I will. All who survived the Purges, the Hunters, the Traitors. Speak to them if I can, and if not, feel it in their bones they will, the Force whispering to them that the time it is, to try again.” “Was it not time to try before, Master?” The words cracked from Luke’s mouth, dry and tired like an engine sputtering from years sitting under the desert sun. “Right you were in your actions. Wrong we were in thinking out part was done.” “You’re dead, Master Yoda.” “Hmph.” Yoda managed to corporialize his stick enough to strike Luke in the shins. “Death. Stop Obi-Wan it did not from helping you. Tired we were. Foolish we were. Some new evil always there is. Lurks, the dark side does, always waiting a chance to take control. Forgot that we did, vigilant we were not, and paid for our pride in blood we did. The galaxy did, and does still. Why sleep should we, when this mess we created? No! Our responsibility it is to do all in our power to restore the light. Left you to shoulder the burden of fixing our error we did, and do so again we will not. “More Jedi there are, and hound them I will until here they come. Together, right this wrong we will.” Chapter 9 Bilbo Baggins had the self-preservation instincts of a lemming. And saying that out of all of Atlantis’ batshit crazy scientists Bilbo was the one they universally agreed was the most ridiculous, that meant something. In truth, Sheppard had only put the little archaeologist on a gate team so that all the trouble that followed him wherever he went would happen offworld instead of on Atlantis. If the man hadn’t been a big damn genius then John would’ve had him shipped back to Earth a long time ago. Well, a genius who happened to be one of the four people in the Pegasus galaxy who Rodney actually liked. And that liked Rodney back. Not that that had anything to do with John’s decision to keep him around. The man seemed to survive on nothing but the devil’s own luck—which John knew better than to judge anyone for. But as the rest of the Atlantis delegation to Erebor filed out of the gateroom and in to the conference chamber that was the only place the locals had allowed them to go, John started to think that Bilbo’s luck was running out. The Ereborian gateroom was a dark chamber about the size of the gateroom back on Earth. It was just big enough to contain the kawoosh the gate made when it engaged, with enough room left over that no one got vaporized in the process. The room’s stone walls were covered floor to ceiling in engravings. On their first trip to Erebor Rodney had snapped a couple of pictures to share with his bff Bilbo. (The first three times they’d actually met the Ereborians it had been at a neutral location, and even now they weren’t allowed to know Erebor’s gate address. Which irritated the hell out of Rodney, even though Teyla kept saying that being allowed through Erebor’s gate at all was the highest of honors.) Bilbo had taken one look at the photos and burst into a ramble about the Asgard, Ancient Norse, and all manner of things that John was pretty sure weren’t English. Which meant that the next time they went to Erebor, Bilbo had managed to convince the expedition head that his presence would convince their new allies that Atlantis respected Erebor’s culture. The little archaeologist had slipped past the diplomatic pleasantries, pulling out his leather bound notebook while he shed his tac vest and travel pack on his way to the nearest wall. Rodney trailed along beyond him, bitching about how archaeology was a soft science while he still held on to Bilbo’s camera. But for all their smarts, neither scientist noticed the way they were being watched. Thorin Oakenshield (which was a nickname not a single Ereborian seemed willing to explain) was tracking the two scientists across the room with a heavy gaze. No, not them. Bilbo. Just Bilbo. Son of a bitch, they’d taken Bilbo Baggins to what was possibly the safest planet in the known worlds, and he was getting looked at like the crown prince wanted to eat him alive. John was awful at diplomacy, but even he knew that exposing Erebor’s royal line to Bilbo’s particular brand of luck would probably get them all killed. John took half a step forward, planning to put himself between Bilbo and Thorin, but Teyla grabbed his sleeve and held him back. She gave him a look that could’ve melted the skin right off his face. “But—” “Trust me.” She hissed. And John did. He did! There was no situation he could possibly imagine where he didn’t want Teyla at his back, but Thorin was staring at Bilbo like he wanted to eat the little man alive. And that was not a visual that John needed roaming around his head, thank you very much. Teyla didn’t want to pick a fight with the Ereborians, and John got that. But he also knew damn well how vicious Rodney was going to get if he thought his Bilbo was being infringed upon. And that more than anything was what they did not need. Chapter 10 : Shameless (Mickey is a mutant) When the police pull out the Icers you don’t fucking run. You stand there and let yourself get hit with a bone-shattering amount of electricity that took you out for hours that was mixed with a suppressant that took your powers down for days. If you ran, then they pulled out the Needle. That gun had the kind of fucking laser sight they were only supposed to have in the army, and it shot doses of suppressant that if you were lucky wore off in six months, and if you were normal would take out your powers for the rest of your fucking life. (The damn things were all but illegal in half the states, with just one or two in the department and you needed permission from a judge before you could pull them out. But Chicago had never given a shit about things like that.) Mickey was 14 when the cops walked in on him and his brothers halfway through a robbery. The regular assholes who walked their beat would’ve met the Milkovich brothers and their baseball bats with cursing and a fist or two. They’d taken Terry in enough that they knew the whole family, and while it sure as hell wasn’t a good relationship, they sure as shit wouldn’t have gone for a gun like the rookie did. Tony was supposed to be on lookout, and it was pure stupid as fuck luck that Mickey had been walking back towards the door to give his brother shit about not paying attention when the police had busted in. The rookie pointed at Tony and Mickey lost his shit. Tony didn’t get his hands up fast enough because he was a dumb ass whose first response was always to fight instead of save his life. Mickey reached out and like a fucking idiot himself, crunched the barrel of the gun. It was like the whole world held its breath, everyone twisting around to stare at his hand because nobody outside of the fucking news turned into metal. The rookie pulled his Icer and shot Mickey point blank in the chest. Later someone would have the sense to tell him that the cops had let the rest of his brothers scatter. (One was too busy yelling at the rookie to care, and the other two were just fucking staring at the way Mickey’s hand faded back to skin.) Mickey woke up alone on a bench in a holding cell, and thank fuck someone had the decency to put in one where he was alone. It didn’t really matter though, Mickey knew what was coming next. In theory mutants were only supposed to register if they posed a danger that local law enforcement should be aware about. Though everyone with a brain knew that ‘dangerous’ meant whatever in the fuck the cops wanted it to. Since Mickey had crushed a cop’s gun while it was right in their hand, he figured it was going to be damn easy for them to call it a danger—but you could be damn sure anything a Milkovich had was going to be dangerous. It didn’t matter what in the fuck explanation he used, Mickey wasn’t getting out of this. They were going to put him in the fucking Kennel and he wasn’t every getting out again. He’d used a dangerous mutation in the commission of a robbery and there was no coming back from that. At least, he was sure there was no getting out of it until Charles fucking Xavier wheeled into his cell. Then Mickey was damn sure that the way he was getting out this was in a body bag. “I haven’t killed anyone in years Mr. Milkovich, and even then only government sanction. You needn’t worry that I’ll start now.” “Then what in the fuck are you doing here?” “While you were unconscious these officers ran a blood test.” “Because they couldn’t tell for themselves that I’m a mutant?” “It is my understanding that given the lack of mutants in your family tree they doubted their own eyes. Also, it is a federal crime to deal with someone ‘on suspicion’ of being a mutant when you have both the time and the means to verify.” “Why?” “Officers in the deep south were using their frankly unjustified suspicions as an excuse to dose every potential criminal with suppressants. The Supreme Court ruled the practice illegal after they dosed a ten-year-old girl who came with her mother to pick up her brother.” “Shit.” “Shit indeed. Based on that incident I was able to push through a law that supposedly makes it much more difficult for the law to permanently damage a mutant’s powers.” “Supposedly is damn right. You ever been hit by a Needle, man?” “No. Nor was I hit by any of their predecessors. I believe even on the worst days of anti-mutant sentiment there were concerns about the reprecussions should I become permanently debilitated. However, it is my experience that such logic often escapes Chicago.” “Fucking right it does. Fucking assholes!” Mickey shouted at the one-way mirror. “You, however, Mikhailo Aleksandr Milkovich, are far closer to discovering how far the Chicago Police Department is willing and able to go in their treatment of underage powered individuals.” “So they throw me in juvy for a few months for knocking over a store. Big deal.” “You used your mutation in the commission of a felony, Mikhail.” “Mickey. Call me Mickey.” “Very well. And the only thing preventing these officers from charging you as an adult committing assault with deadly weapon is their acceptance that pointing a loaded firearm at your brother from point blank range is what triggered your mutation.” Like pain killers kicking in Mickey felt what had to be Xavier slipping into his mind. “ Do not admit aloud that you have been online for several months. If they become aware that you had advanced certainty about your powers then you will never have your freedom .” It was freaky as shit trying to talk to somebody with his head since Mickey wasn’t really prone to thinking things through, but smart mouthing was second nature enough that he was fine. “ You think I’m fucking free now, man? ” Xavier must’ve picked up that they’d been silent too long and answered aloud. “Tell me, Mickey, what do you imagine will happen to you when you are released into your father’s care on suppressants?” “They can’t fucking make me take ‘em.” “Yes, Mickey, they can. Prepare yourself for the strictest drug testing regiment you have ever heard anyone endure. If you fail a single test they will count that as a second strike and you will be brought directly back here. Another criminal violation, of any sort, will be considered a third strike and you will be stripped of your mutation.” “What, you mean if I like, get a speeding ticket or shit?” “Legally they could use that as justification, yes.” “Fucking shit, man.” “Fucking shit, indeed. However, because of your special circumstances and contributory negligence on their part, they have graciously agreed to erase this particular infraction if you conduct your rehabilitation at my school instead.” Mickey was shaking his head no before Xavier even got the words out. “Mickey, believe me, I have all the respect in the world for you desire to take care of your family—” “What the fuck would you know about that. I’ve seen you on the fucking TV, you’ve got all the money in the damn world.” Nothing about Xavier’s face or his body changed, but Mickey knew he’d stepped on a landmine. “ Money does not keep your mother from drinking herself to death. Money does not stay your father’s fists. Money does not keep him from looking at your sister in a way that he should not. The only thing that money changes is how well paid officers are for their apathy. ” Mickey knew that Xavier was still talking, throwing the cops off and giving Mickey time to get his shit together, because along with the words in his head he caught a rush of emotions and a spattering of images, from the stench of Charles mother as the telepath checked her mind like other would check a pulse, to the pain of broken ribs, to the nauseous terror of picking a fight with his father every time he stared at the bright blue sister a bit too long, to swallowing back the heartbreak as he traced the bruises along his skinny body that matched his father’s hand. Chapter 11 : True Blood - Godric a Sentinel Once when he was young and foolish, Godric had been caught by humans. He’d been barely a decade past the change when he killed his own maker, and in the foolishness of youth believed he could return to his tribe, only to have his former people – his nieces and nephews, his own brother now the village’s chief – try and set him aflame. No matter how long he lived, Godric would always remember the agony of a burning arrow searing its way through his flesh as he escaped into the night, the members of his own tribe hunting him through the darkness. He’d been starved, beaten, gutted, and left for dead in the two millennia since, but he’d never once encountered a pain quite like his flesh burning away with the hatred of his family. It had been the truest pain he’d ever felt and he’d almost been looking forward to meeting the sun so that he might experience something like it yet again before he died. But now, it seemed he was getting his wish without the release of death. Every inch of his skin felt as though it had that same flaming arrow dragged across it, slicing his skin into jagged ribbons, peeling it back from the bones and charring his marrow like the humans wanted to suck him dry. He might have thought the Fellowship of the Sun had poisoned him with something, but they barely understood how to kill a vampire, let alone understood enough about their biology to attempt a poisoning. His hearing was still well enough to track his human guests through his home to be sure they remained unharmed, though his eyes found even the dim lighting of his home unbearably bright, and the thought of gulping down a mouthful of blood—no matter how rare the variety Erik sought for him—made his stomach churn. He had been tortured enough in his life that he knew how to embrace the one part of his body that didn't ache and ride that through the pain. So now he sunk into his hearing, tracking the steady beat of human hearts in his house. There were the standard amount of humans, most of them smitten with the various vampires under his jurisdiction. Miss Stackhouse was still seeking comfort from Mister Compton over her poor treatment from his maker, while Jas-- Mister Stackhouse was enjoying the flirtatious attentions of yet another of the young female vampires who seemed to find him so pleasurable. (Experience had taught them all not to bed someone inside Godric's house. He considered it uncouth in the extreme. On this night, took pleasure from that requirement of manners because he did not think he could stand to hear the sound of his vampires offering their sexual favors in gratitude to Jason for his part in saving Godric. It would be enough to make him wish that he had died in the dank dark of the Fellowship's basement.) Then, there was an unexpected human heartbeat walking up Godric's drive. It was fast as the rabbits he used to hunt when he'd been newly free of his maker and starving out in the wilds. And yet, the heartbeat came closer to Godric's home and stepped through his front door. It was the heartbeat standing too close to Mister Stackhouse's that warned Godric something was wrong. He had assumed it was simply one of the smitten humans arriving late, but then a voice spoke in time with that heartbeat, warning Jason away and turning his flesh against him to force Jason towards the door. That was when Godric caught the scent: silver. This human had brought silver into Godric's home and he'd turned his hand against Jason. Faster than a blink Godric was to the human, one hand wrapped around the boy's neck and the other ripping away the wires of his silver bomb. The human was wriggling like a worm on a hook, croaking out foul names for Godric so pathetic that they barely deserved to be considered cursing. Godric could have held him in the same position for a hundred years through a hurricane, so it wasn't the struggling that hurt him, it was the sight of Jason rushing forward to save his fellow human from Godric ripping out his jugular for such an offense in his home. They were the bright blue of the ocean at dawn, a sight Godric had seen at his birth and would never see again. Suddenly the ocean was swallowing him whole, pulling him deep into its bright embrace, and Godric let himself sink into the light of the morning sun. XXXXX Eric Northman was old, even among vampires. And you didn't get to be old among their kind unless you were smart or you were a coward, and no one had ever been stupid enough to consider Eric Northman a coward. So when Godric collapsed with the suicide bomber in his hands, Eric didn't waste time going after the boy, he caught Godric before he hit the ground. Half a dozen vampires swarmed the idiot, stupidly tearing him limb from limb before anyone could ask him a fucking question about what he might have done, but Eric didn't care. There wasn't much about his human life that Eric clung to, but what he did he held to with a vengeance. Until the day he met the true death Eric would always be a Viking, and he would always know what it looked like when a Sentinel came online. In the older days of the world coming online killed more people than it had saved, and he remembered storming monastaries in England only to find Sentinels pathetically restricted as though confining themselves would save their souls. (Most came with the Vikings, grateful for the chance to be what they were meant to be, and others were simply grateful to have their lives ended before they could betray their purpose even more.) Eric had lost a cousin to the change from human to Sentinel, and sat by the bedside of more than one of his men as they went screaming from human into something more. It didn’t matter how many centuries were between that life and this, or how many Sentinels he’d killed in the meantime when they sought to take his life, you didn’t forget what it sounded like when one of your brothers gave that feral roar before collapsing in a spasm. He pushed aside the part of himself that said Vampires couldn’t be Sentinels, that said Vampires and Sentinels were natural enemies, that said researchers were almost positive that Sentinels had evolved from humans in order to combat Vampires. Isabel—Godric’s second in his role as Sheriff—tried to ask the human what he’d done in the few bubbling, bloody breaths he had left, while Stan—Godric’s third, who wished he was the Sheriff himself—slowly stepped into Eric’s blind spot, obviously thinking he could kill both Godric and his childe while they were distracted. Eric glanced over to check that Stan wasn’t smart enough to circle him with his fellows, and instead found himself staring at Jason Stackhouse running shaking hands through Godric’s short hair. Eric had been positive that, despite the way Jason seemed to stutter every time he so much as glanced at Godric, that his boring heteronormativity would keep him from doing anything about it. But Eric could work with this. Eric shifted Godric into Jason’s arms and shouted for everyone to shut up. Of course, they did. “Everyone get the fuck out.” “Who the hell—” Stan tried to argue, but now Eric’s hands were free to snatch him up by the throat and shake him like a naughty puppy. “Something is wrong with the silver. Everyone get the fuck out before it gets you too.” It was like a small tornado had been unleashed on the main floor of Godric’s home as every last member of his area sped out of the house like Eric had shouted bomb. In that moment Eric didn’t give a fuck if he was right or wrong about what Godric was suffering from, the level of disloyalty shown by Godric’s people meant that no matter what, Eric wasn’t letting him stay amongst them. Stan stilled in Eric’s grip when he realized that all of his backup had abandoned him, though Eric kept his eyes firmly on the duplicitous idiot waiting for him to seize his rare opportunity. “Jason, take Godric upstairs, Isabel will show you where to go. Sookie, help your brother. Bill, check the perimeter.” Of course Sookie required some convincing from Bill before she actually listened to Eric’s command, but Jason was up the stairs at a sprint, certain of where to go without Isabel having to point it out to him, which was its own point in favor of Erik’s theory. Stan opened his mouth to say something snide while still begging for his life, but Eric wasn’t into the mood. He plunged his fingers into Stan’s throat, snapping his head clean off his shoulders and then flicking away the blood that drenched his hand when Stan exploded. There were times Eric missed the anonymity of the old world. Back then, if you wanted you could vanish off the face of the earth and someone would have to go on an epic quest to find you. However, this was not one of those times. Eric flicked open his cell phone—already factoring in that he’d have to pull out a new one when he got back to Louisiana because there were few electronics that could survive blood very well—and he typed in a number that he’d carried in his heart since the advent of cell phones. “Broder?” Despite the fear in her tone, her voice was a balm to his soul. “Syster. I need the name of someone on the Sentinel Council I can trust.” “Why? Eric? What happened?” “Godric.” “Someone attacked Godric?” Eric could hear the bloodshed in her voice and no matter what else happened he appreciated that he would no doubt be seeing his sister soon. “Worse than an attack. I need the name and number of someone you trust with Godric.” “I’ll call them myself, but if you want the right name I need to know what’s going on.” “Nora, I just need a name!” “And I need to know what’s going on with our fader! There are Sentinels I trust to do the honorable thing, but I need to know how high up the hierarchy I need to go.” There were few people on the planet Eric trusted like he trusted Nora, but still it was difficult to say the words out loud. “He’s coming online.” There was dead silence on the line and Eric bit back the urge to hurry her up. “Holy fuck. Eric are you—” “Yes. I’m sure.” “I’ll call Sandburg. He’s going to call you back in a few minutes with a plan. Trust him.” Eric was met with the dial tone before he could ask how in the hell Nora would be able to get ahold of the Alpha Prime Guide of the United States in the middle of the night. Then he decided he didn’t give a shit and went towards the stairs, completely ignoring how Bill tried to argue with him the entire way up, like Eric didn’t know it was impossible for a Vampire to be a Sentinel. “Sentinels don’t survive the turning, Eric! This isn’t possible!” Actually, Eric had seen several Sentinels survive the turning, but to a man each and every one of them had killed themselves when they woke up a Vampire. They came through the change with no loyalty to their makers and thus were able to ignore whatever orders their maker gave to try and keep them alive. The longest one Eric had seen was a month, and Godric had killed the woman himself to spare her the agony of any more starvation. Eric could tell Bill the story, but stubborn ass that he was, he wouldn’t hear a word of it because he was so bound and determined to be right. When he opened the door to Godric’s room he found Isabel sitting beside him in his massive, hedonistic bed—“I’m not hungry,” my ass. You didn’t have a bed like that if your weren’t starving for something—with Sookie on the other side and Jason standing at the bed’s foot, every muscle straining to keep him right where he was rather than curling up beside Godric. “Are you sure?” Isabel demanded, old enough to recognize there were more things in this world than could be anticipated. “I’m a Viking. I’ve seen it enough to know for sure.” “He’s over 2000 years old, why would it happen now?” “Because there was a bomb next to,” Eric cast a significant look at Jason that Isabel picked up on and Bill was too distracted by pulling Sookie away from Godric to notice, “one of the humans in his care. And we have no idea what the Fellowship might have done to him when they had him caged. He could’ve been coming online for weeks and just now went over the edge.” Bill objected again, Sookie asked what was going on, Isabel tried to explain to Sookie while keeping Bill from saying anything too ridiculous, and Eric answered his phone. He could almost hear panic in the ringing. XXXXX “I trust Nora,” Blair said for the hundredth time. “She’s a Vamp! I don’t care how personable you think she is, she’s still a Vampire!” Jim objected for the 101st. “Well, we’re in Texas. We’re a street away from the address Mr. Northman gave us. We might as well see what’s going on since we’re here.” “You packed the light-tight travel coffins and charted a Vamp friendly airplane!” “We really ought to look into getting a plane for the Center with vampire accommodations. It would be a show of good will on our part and would be useful in case we have to interrogate someone.” A feral grin spread across Jim’s face. “I love it when you get bloodthirsty.” “I’m not bloodthirsty, I’m practical. We don’t know what might come up and it’s good to be prepared. Just like we don’t know why a member of the Vampire Authority would call and say that one of their Vampires is coming online without it being true.” Jim climbed out of their car and kept out a wary eye on the house before them, letting Blair get himself out so he wouldn’t be down a hand in case they were attacked. “I still think this is impossible, Blair.” “That’s because you’re a child,” an accented voice answered from the house, trusting that Jim’s hearing would pick it up. “Insulting people isn’t usually the best approach to this kind of thing.” Jim snapped back. “It’s a fact, no matter how insulting you find it.” “Gentlemen.” Blair interrupted. “This isn’t helping either one of your cases. Do we have your permission to enter, Mr. Northman?” “Granted. Keep your Sentinel from being an ass and I’ll even let him leave alive.” Jim turned to him, eyes begging that they get back in the car, and Blair shrugged. “You are being an ass.” Jim rolled his eyes, but led the way through the house, every inch of him still on alert, but less likely to start ripping things apart. The moment they stepped into the room where there Vampires were waiting, Jim slammed to a stop at the first clear reading of the Vampire Nora and Eric had claimed was a Sentinel. “Well I’ll be damned.” Jim grumbled, because Godric undoubtedly was one of them, no matter how impossible common sense said it was. Blair poked him in the side to move him out of the way. “I told you.” "No, you quoted Shakespeare at me. That's not the same thing." Eric—presumably, based off the white blond hair and glower—was on his feet and in the perfect position to leap across the room to attack Jim if it came down to that. There was another male Vampire next to a Human woman half-asleep in a chair, both of them beside the window and ready for escape. Godric himself was laid out on the bed in what appeared to be a deep sleep, but Blair had seen such rest turn on a dime a hundred times before. There was a female Vampire seated beside Godric, not doing anything to soothe his burden because it undoubtedly appeared to them that there was nothing to soothe. But tucked away at the end of the bed was the really interesting detail: a Human man who was swaying on his feet from exhaustion. The sun hadn’t even risen yet and already this was one of the more fascinating days of Blair’s life. Blair knew a Vampire when he felt one, and this Godric wasn’t just a Vampire, he was a Vampire powerful in the extreme. Frankly, for all his high-handed talk about moving forward in their relations with the Vampire community, this particular Vampire belonged to the ranks of creatures that kept Sentinels up at night and haunted their nightmares. Blair couldn’t even begin to guess how old he was, but he was far and away the oldest Vampire he’d ever met. (Even older than he might’ve guessed, because Mr. Northman had been the oldest until they set senses on Godric. Blair couldn’t imagine anything other than time that might inspire this kind of selfless devotion in a Vampire.) Here was this ancient Vampire being guided through his transition by a Human boy with no training and who didn’t even realize that he was the one doing the guiding. The boy was standing there casting out focused waves of power, guiding Godric’s unchanging body through whatever changes it had to traverse in order to function as a Sentinel, let alone what changes needed to occur for him to properly survive. Guides usually went through training before they could help lead Sentinels through their transition, with the more scientifically minded being taught at least the basic of a Sentinel’s biology so they understood the amplification they were overseeing and what warning signs to watch out for. Not even Blair, for all his excessive training, had any idea what might be happening to Godric, and this Human boy was doing it blind and alone. “You actually believe this nonsense?” The other male Vampire asked, safe at his position across the room. “Belief has nothing to do with it. He is a Sentinel.” Jim snapped. Blair took his hand before could pick a fight. Jim was torn between two instincts: one that let him know that this was an old and powerful Vampire who could probably kill them all before they could take a breath, and the other that said this was a baby Sentinel, newly hatched and in desperate need of their protection. “He is a Vampire and has been one for a very long time.” “And yet, he’s both.” Blair interrupted before Jim could lose his temper. What Godric needed right now was calm, because if he went into a spiral, the Human boy would follow him, and suddenly they have a feral Vampire on their hands and Blair didn’t even want to contemplate what that would look like. “We brought along a few light-tight coffins, but need to get him to a Center sooner rather than later. This house is surprisingly Sentinel friendly, but it can’t be helping his senses.” “Fuck no!” The human boy objected, and there went any chance at calm. “The Center here is full of those Fellowship fuckers! They’ll kill him soon as they see him. And they won’t give a fuck about you telling ‘em not to!” Godric started to writhe in response to his Human’s stress. The female Vampire tried to calm him, and the Human girl shrugged off her Vampire’s restraining grip to climb back up on the bed, but it was the boy, one knee up on the bed so he could reach, his hand resting on Godric’s quilt-covered ankle, that calmed him instantly. The boy froze there, every instinct he had driving him forward to curl up beside his Sentinel and comfort him, while the constraints of society told him to get the hell off the bed and leave the comforting to women. Whether they knew it or not, the entire room held its breath, the tension hanging on after Godric had settled until the boy slipped back off the bed and to his former position. Godric didn’t look nearly as soothed as he had before, but Blair didn’t even want to contemplate a Vampire going into a bonding rut in Dallas, Texas. Frankly he was concerned about getting the Vampire safely back to the airfield, let alone spending days in unfriendly territory with people who would undoubtedly want to kill him. The Human sucked in a deep breath before he finished the explanation that his own anger had unknowingly triggered. “There were a whole heap of Sentinels in the Fellowship. One of the fuckers tried to kill me last night, and half a dozen were supposed to be on guard this morning when they burned Godric at the fucking stake. You can’t trust the crazy bastards.” Jim went still. Blair grabbed his hand, while Eric stepped in between Jim and Godric, just in case. Jim spoke, his voice dripping with fury. “You’re telling me that Sentinels under my command were going to participate in the cold-blooded murder of a Vampire, and one of them attempted to murder a—” “Jim!” Blair cut him off before he could call the Human a Guide. Blair didn’t know quite what was going on here, but he knew well enough that the boy had no idea what he was and if Jim started throwing around the G word there was a good chance he’d tuck tail and run, and they didn’t need that right now. “We’ll send someone back to clean house and make it clear that we disavow the Fellowship and whatever tactics they might be employing, but right now we need to get everyone out of here before the sun comes up and Fellowship comes knocking.” “And the bastard who tried to murder him?” Jim demanded. “He’s dead.” The Human woman said. “Godric killed him when he… attacked me.” There was a world of problems in that sentence, and Blair wanted to get to all of them, but they didn’t have time. Nor did he expect that she would actually speak the truth in front of her brother. At the same time, Blair didn’t think they could have the boy react to it when Godric was so sensitive. She would be asked everything so they knew precisely what retribution to mete out, but Blair wouldn’t be the one doing the questioning. “His death is some small relief. But you’re right, we need to get Godric out of Texas and we need to do it now. We only have two light-tight coffins with us now, and I assume that Eric will be taking the second. And you’ll be coming with us, of course.” Blair directed this last to the Human boy. “Why would you take Jason?” The other male Vampire demanded. “Two Vampires trapped in their coffins without a single person on the outside to be sure of their welfare is too much trust to ask of people they’ve just met. I assumed that since he has been doing such a good job protecting them already that he’d continue to do so all the way to Seattle. I apologize, I don’t know your name.” It took the boy a moment to realize that they’d been talking about him and he steamrolled over Bill and Sookie’s introduction. “I’ve just been standing here!” “Your presence is apparently secure enough that he feels comfortable remaining unconscious. But would you rather leave him behind?” “No.” The word was out before he could even contemplate it, and Blair didn’t give him time to backtrack. “Excellent. Then you’ll come along with Godric and Eric. Isabel can remain here to oversee Godric’s duties as Sheriff, and your fellows can return home so they will be safely out of Dallas before the Fellowship returns.” Blair turned on his heel and left them to debate amongst one another. Eric gave him a nod full of respect and no small amount of surprise that he’d managed to negotiate everything precisely where they wanted it. Sookie would no doubt object to the boy’s trip to Seattle, but Bill wouldn’t let her go without him and the sun was too close to rising to think they could find another light-tight coffin. She might argue that they could wait and come later, but her Vampire was far too uncomfortable in Dallas to willingly let her stay. Blair gave it three minutes of argument before Eric dropped Godric into Jason’s arms and simply hauled him out of the building whether the others were ready for them to leave or not. XXXXX The travel coffins were settled one on top of the other, as far down the aisle as Jason could push them. The boy himself had settled on the floor between the coffins and the rest of the plane. Blair spared a moment to be grateful that this particular model had the bathrooms up front, because not a single Sentinel on board the plane was willing to upset him by walking past. (Even the battle-hardened Guides who’d come along all looked like they wanted to gather Jason up in their arms and croon to him that everything would be alright.) But every time someone attempted to approach Jason’s end of the small plane, his heart rate would spike and he would unknowingly leak panic throughout the plane, sending everyone else on board into their own emotional fit. Jim had stood up just once to try and charm the boy into actually sitting in a chair or maybe catching a nap on their flight to Washington, but the boy’s pulse rate had spiked so much that Godric’s coffin had actually rattled. The Sentinels all piled as far forward as they could in the plane after that. Blair though, he was not so easily deterred. Life was going to explode on them in the next few days, and there was never going to be so good an opportunity as this one to nudge the boy through accepting he was a Guide. No, it probably wasn’t best to do the nudging trapped on a place with his unbonded Sentinel while he was trying to unconsciously balance out his senses, but it also wouldn’t do any good to wait until Godric came out the other side and was actually prowling around a building full of people trained in tactics to kill him. It was a choice between two poor options and Blair had always been a fan of taking the more direct route. Effervescing calm, Blair strolled down the aisle like he did on those few days he had a chance to walk through the park. Jason tensed, but it certainly helped his stress levels that Blair had been the one to insist on sending a bonded pair home with his sister and her vampire boyfriend to look after them in the event of any Fellowship retaliation. He settled down before Jason into lotus and he had two options. He could either ease into this slow and steady, give Jason the chance to get comfortable with discussing anything with him and build up to the conversation they absolutely had to have, or, he could ask, “What happened with your Guide test?” Godric’s coffin rattled in response to Jason’s panic, and a few of the braver Sentinels actually hissed in displeasure. “What test?” “The one everyone is federally required to take when they turn 16. The one I am absolutely positive you took. I suppose my real question is if someone lied to you about the results or if you refused training. Or I suppose, there’s a chance that you were a late bloomer and tested latent rather than active, though considering how deftly you’re utilizing your empathy, that seems unlikely.” “How what I’m what?” The coffin rattled again, and Jason reached out a hand and stroked along the coffin’s side, stilling it in an instant. “You’re calming him down.” “No I ain’t.” “Jason. You know damn well you are. You pretended like it was Sookie or Eric keeping him calm when you were in the house, but now there’s no one here but you.” “And a whole plane full of Guides! And Eric’s on top of him!” Blair hmmed. “I wonder, is it your poor self-esteem that makes you believe you’re incapable of being the one to take care of him, or are you just pretending like you don’t believe because you’re worried about what it will mean for you?” “I ain’t no Guide!” “If you can be certain of that, it means you took the test. And what did it say?” “It said I weren’t no Guide!” “Did it really, Jason?” Blair brought the force of his own gift to bear, speaking to Guide part of Jason’s brain that was sparking like a firework with all its effort to keep Godric in good health. That part of him was too vibrant right now to ignore what his Alpha was asking. “My Dad took me in for the test right before he died, but he said it was wrong. That me feeling what other people felt it just like Sook’s— well, it ain’t nothing. I ain’t a Guide.” “I assume you’re referred to your sister’s limited telepathy?” “How the hell did you know about that?” “I’m the Prime Guide of North America, Jason.” He looked at Blair as though that wasn’t an explanation at all. “There are few people on the planet who can outdo me when it comes to mental gifts. I could feel your sister trying to get a read on Jim and I when we entered.” “She has trouble reading Sentinels and Guides, and she can’t read vamps at all.” “That makes perfect sense. Vampires are on a different psionic wavelength than the vast majority of Humans, and Sentinels and Guides are taught to shield their thoughts and emotions. Those she’s been able to read probably haven’t been very good at it.” “Psy-what?” “I’m sorry, you’re right. That’s rather deep theory about Gifted biology that I should give you more background before I explain. But I can feel Jim twitching back there, so I probably ought to stay on task. You believed that your empathy was your own version of your sister’s telepathy?” “Yeah, but not so much. ‘Cause when people think, it’s words and it’s all over the place. Sook used to get headaches somethin’ awful when we were kids, and all I knew was when my daddy was mad, and I took us over to Gran’s house until he weren’t mad no more.” “And now that you’re grown?” “Well, Sook don’t get headaches, and I got better about ignoring what people were feeling’.” “But you still felt it?” “Well, yeah. For the most part. But when people are feeling somethin’ you wanna get away from, you just up and walk away.” “What’s the other part?” “What?” “You said that you got better at ignoring it for the most part, what’s the minor part where you couldn’t ignore it?” “Oh, sex. Sook couldn’t have no sex because of all the shit guys were thinkin’ about her, but feeling what other people are feelin’ makes sex great.” “It does, doesn’t it?” Blair didn’t need to turn around to see Jim was flushed bright red. “That empathy, that feeling what other people are feeling, that’s one of the earliest things a Guide learns to do, Jason.” “But dad said I wasn’t one.” Jason pleaded. Blair assumed that after the endless rounds of therapy that came with Guide training, Jason would realize that his father had deliberately lied to his son about his diagnosis. The only question was whether it was out of some antiquated notion of masculinity, or something more nefarious. Given how desperate Jason still was to please his dead father, he was beginning to suspect it might be the latter. Either way, this was not the time or the place to negotiate Jason through that emotional process. “I don’t know where that breakdown in communication happened Jason, or even if the test was just poorly timed and you were on the cusp of coming online and wouldn’t test positive. But I do know that you are online now. That you are a Guide, and that your Sentinel is lying in that coffin trying to pull himself together for you.” “I ain’t—” “Jason. Instead of just repeating that to yourself over and over again, take a moment to think about the words coming out of your mouth. Say it again, but see if you can say it like you actually believe it.” Jason opened his mouth immediately, and Blair held up his hand to keep him from just spilling out the words yet again. “Like you mean it.” Jason paused and rolled the words over his tongue for a moment before he stumbled out, “I can’t be a Guide.” So self worth was the thing getting in their way. Blair could navigate that just fine. So he just kept talking, and talking, and talking, all through the flight to Washington, and all through Jason listing to and fro as he tried not to fall asleep. Blair modulated his volume to wake the other man back up every time his head stayed tipped to the side a little too long. Blair knew full well that he’d have to tell Jason everything a second time when he was actually conscious, but he hoped that perhaps some piece of their people’s history, or the relationship between a Guide and their Sentinel might actually sink in so that he might make use of it over the next few days. At the very least the sound of his voice might be enough to keep Jason calm. Blair talked through the flight, through unloading the coffins—which Jason supervised with all the care of a surgeon—through the drive, and through carrying the coffins through the Seattle S/G Center. Though, Blair’s talking did more to clear their path through the building so Jason didn’t have to deal with gawkers than it actually did anything for Jason. Not a single soul in the building knew that they were bringing in a Vampire, and all those who might have responded poorly to the sight had been given orders to clear out of the building. Those steps, plus sneaking in through the Center’s loading bay doors kept the ambient stress levels down which kept Jason calm. Thankfully, by that point the boy was so exhausted that he was stumbling along letting Blair’s voice lead him through the building. Like anyone else, exhaustion would either heighten or dull his reactions, and Blair didn’t know the boy well enough to guess which would be his reaction. For absolute certain, Jason would at least be too exhausted to calm down his Sentinel in case he did burst out of his coffin and start tearing people apart. Jason waited until the Sentinels hefting the coffins into one of their might private rooms had shut the door behind them before he popped off the top of Eric’s coffin. Before they could blink, the vampire snapped open his eyes and was on his feet, blitzing about the room to make sure it was as secure as Jason had to believe it was to open the coffin. He stopped before Blair and Jim and demanded, “What now?” “Now? It’s noon. We all had a long night and it would be in everyone’s best interest to get some sleep.” “I promise you, Eric,” Blair added. “The best possible thing for Godric right now is to rest. When he wakes up tonight he’ll be far more capable of controlling his senses and we can move forward. Waking him up right now will either set him up for a zone, or he’ll snap under the pressure and go feral. Based off what Nora told me of his personality, he would regret any of the harm he would do if that happened.” “That’s your solution? Let him sleep it off?” “It’s not a perfect solution, but I don’t think perfect has ever been a possibility in this scenario. We’re all sort of playing catch-up here, and the best thing for Godric is to get as settled as he possibly can before he goes through the stress of trying to get his senses in order.” While the three of them discussed what to do with Godric, Jason was actually doing something. He had lifted Godric out of his coffin and laid him down on the bed, tucking the vampire in with all the care that his own grandmother used to show him at bedtime. Godric slept through the whole transfer, and it was difficult for Eric to argue that they ought to be pressing on when Godric was tucked so comfortably into his bed that was leaking contentment. Blair snapped out his hand and caught Eric by the wrist before he could voice whatever objection was undoubtedly percolating in the back of his mind. “If you’ll come with us, Mr. Northman, Jim and I would be happy to show you our security measures so you can be comfortable getting some sleep of your own.” Eric lost whatever else he might have said, because it was particularly difficult to pick a fight when an Alpha Guide was dragging you out of the room. Eric got a perfunctory tour of the Center, just the limited places that still managed not to have sunlight despite it being the middle of the day. It really was more of a lap around the suites since Blair didn’t expect things to take very much time to move forward. If they had been in the room they would have seen Jason stand at the foot of Godric’s bed, in virtually the same position he’d been in hours before at Godric’s home. He swayed on his feet, too exhausted to keep up a proper vigil. He’d been up for over 24 hours straight, nearly killed three times, and after all the talking Blair had done, Jason trusted him. If Blair said this place was safe, Jason believed him. And it sure as hell helped things that Eric was up and out now. There was only so much he could do when the sun was out, but it was more than what he could do stuck in a coffin. And yeah, Jason could admit to himself that it was a comfort to have Godric out of the coffin too. No matter what the vamps on the tv said, Jason still couldn’t make himself think of a coffin as anyplace comfy and cozy. Coffins scared the hell out of him and he didn’t like sitting next to two of them on the plane while he just hoped that Godric and Eric were going to get out of them alive. Or well, what passed for alive for a Vamp. The whole thing just scared the shit out of Jason and all he wanted to do was go back to his own house, curl up in his bed and sleep until it was morning again and he didn’t have to give a good damn about the shit the Fellowship had done. He wanted his fucking life back. For things to be just like they’d been before he’d run off and made the biggest fucking mistake of his life. Jason Stackhouse weren’t no queer. Sure, he’d had his fair share of men coming up to him at bars and try to talk him into shit, but he’d never taken any of ‘em up on it. He was always real nice about telling ‘em no though, because he remembered the day Sook had just started crying in school because she could hear the shirt people were thinking about one of the boys in her class. Jason didn’t like doing shit that made Sook cry, so he’d always kept himself from thinking any of that nonsense about gays. But beatin’ on the people who trashed Lafayette and folks like him didn’t mean he was queer his’self. He’d never said yes to any of the guys who’d offered him stuff, not even when he’d been high on V, or even when one guy had said Jason was so fuckin’ pretty he wanted to give him a blowjob just because he was so damn pretty. (It sounded like shit to Jason, but who knew how gay guys worked?) Either way, Jason didn’t do guys. He’d never even been tempted. And he didn’t want Godric now either. The poor guy was sicker than a dog and trying to put himself back together after all the shit he’d been through today. Jason had nearly twitched right of his skin at the party, and he couldn’t breathe right when Godric hit the floor. He couldn’t feel the Vamp’s pain, but he could tell that it was there, and that was weirder than all hell. Sook was the only person on the whole damn planet that he could feel so clear. He hadn’t even been able to tell when his mom and dad were hurting like that. But he knew Godric was in a world of hurt, and all he’d wanted was to get the Vamp out of it. Now the Vamp was all wrapped up in the softest sheets Jason had ever felt in his life, and surrounded by other Sentinels that some part of him had to know would keep him safe. It was like falling asleep at his Gran’s house, that surety that not a damn thing was going to happen to you there. But all that shit didn’t mean that Jason Stackhouse wanted to do any of the shit that he’d heard Guides did for their Sentinels. It didn’t mean he wanted to stick around, or take care of Godric when he had Eric there to help him, or when there would certainly be a bunch of Vamps turning up the second the sun went down to make sure that Godric wasn’t being experimented on or some shit. Godric wasn’t Jason’s problem anymore, no matter what Blair had been saying about Guides. Jason weren’t really a Guide. He might have been able to tell what people were feeling, but it had always been less than Sook’s reading people’s minds, and there was no way it would be enough for him to Guide anybody, let alone a Vamp. Definitely not a Vamp as old as Godric. The whole thing was fucking impossible. No matter what Blair thought. Godric weren’t for Jason, and Jason didn’t want him, even if he were. He weren’t. But Jason was just so fucking tired that he was just going to lie down. Just for a minute. And yeah, it was Godric’s bed, but the other one was Mr. Northman’s, and he’d kill Jason stone dead if he found Jason between his sheets. It would just be for a minute. Just until they put Jason back on a plane to Louisiana. Just to make Blair happy about all the shit he was saying about Godric being his. Because he wasn’t. Jason was just doing the nice thing. Jason justified himself until he felt an arm wrap around his waist and he dropped off to sleep. Chapter 12 Notes: This one is a special gift. I have no idea when I'll add to The Oak and The Ash, but here's a tidbit of what might be coming next. Bilbo was not going to shout at Balin. He was not. Balin was Thorin’s closest advisor, an excellent friend, and a dear cousin. Distant cousin, mind you. But that sort of thing didn’t matter to a Hobbit. Or at least, it shouldn’t. But Bilbo had been dragged out of his bed far before he intended to leave and Balin had been the unlucky one to do the dragging. It seemed that while Thorin and Bilbo had spent the last night making merry with their family and friends, Thror had not been entirely unaware about the actions of his grandson. No one had expected the Dwarf to really care about Thorin’s behavior once he made it back to the treasury, so no one was sure when or why he’d left the room, or why he was now summoning his firstborn grandson. (Bilbo could tell that lack of information was making both Balin and Thorin worried, but this didn’t seem like the time to ask.) Bilbo had planned on spending the day in bed, letting the bond settle between them, and maybe bringing their kin back together for another dinner tonight. He realized that Thorin was a prince and had things to do that demanded his attention, but he’d thought that perhaps one whole day of peace wasn’t too much to ask for. (And if it was, that was certainly something Bilbo would see to in the upcoming years. Thorin was allowed to have a day off, because if he wasn’t, they all were going to have to learn that when you were unreasonable you dealt with the fury of a Hobbit.) Along the way Frerin and Dis fell into step with Thorin, with Fili and Kili latching on to Bilbo’s hands and swinging him between them. The siblings were concerned. Bilbo could see it in their eyes and feel it in the air, but it was difficult for him to summon up any such concern when he was still riding the high that came from bonding. Thorin kept casting glances at Bilbo, trying to scold the Hobbit for is happy thoughts when they were trying to decide what had Thror summoning Thorin, but Thorin couldn’t quite manage to be irritated in the face of Bilbo’s pleasure. Dis rolled her eyes at them both, but Frerin gave them a look of pained pleasure on their behalf. Bilbo sicked the boys on their Uncle Thorin while he slipped over to Frerin to ask just what it was that had him pained on such a lovely day, but they stepped into the same receiving room of a few days before, before Bilbo got the chance. It wasn’t the great hall where Bilbo had had his first introduction to Thror, but it was the same space where Bilbo had put Hagaa in her place. The room was full nearly to bursting with ancient Dwarves and their own advisors, some of which Frerin seemed pleased to see, while others looked like he wanted to punt right back out of the room. “Oh dear.” Balin murmured at the head of their party. The sound came at the same moment Thorin rolled back his shoulders like he was off to face Azog again. “‘Oh dear?’” Bilbo hissed to Frerin. “Why is he oh dearing?” “Because that’s NAME,” Frerin said out of the corner of his mouth. “Yes, thank you. That’s very helpful.” Bilbo snapped. “He’s Thror’s spymaster. The only one on Thror’s council who still has an ounce of cleverness to him. His loyalty to Erebor is absolute and unflinching.” Bilbo hesitated, then said, “And that’s bad?” “He killed his only daughter’s husband and sent her into an arranged marriage with an Ironfist Lord to bribe him into loyalty to Erebor.” Bilbo squeaked, and Frerin shrugged. “The husband was a lout, but she loved him. However, his daughter’s love came second to what her marriage could do for the good of Erebor.” “Ah, so conditionally bad.” “And if he’s here with Grandfather, I assume the current conditions are bad.” In the last few days Bilbo had learned that you did not ask the line of Durin a question unless you were absolutely, positively certain that you wanted the answer told to you in the bluntest terms possible. Not a one of them had any gift for subtlety. (Bilbo supposed that between himself and Balin they might be able to smooth out some of those blunt edges.) So, Bilbo did not ask for the specifics about what was so terrible about the current circumstances, though he could make an assumption that it more than likely had something to do with his own Hobbitness. Rather than dwell on things he could not change, Bilbo stepped up to Thorin’s side just as Balin made his unnecessary announcement that the heirs of Durin had arrived. At the, “Dunin Baggins, allow me to introduce to you Lord NAME,” Bilbo sunk into one of his more polite bows, the kind a Hobbit would use for an elderly relative they saw once a year at family parties. “NAME, it’s a pleasure to meet you. I’ve been told that your loyalty to Erebor is unparalleled.” The Dwarf quirked an eyebrow, but seemed unmoved and unamused by the praise. “Yes, it is. Is yours, Master Hobbit?” Bilbo shifted his hand on Thorin’s arm to keep his Sentinel from reacting to the insult inherent in calling Bilbo anything other than Dunin. There was the polite response and then the Took response, and as become a recurring pattern since Thorin had smashed his way into Bilbo’s conscious mind, he chose the Tookish option. “My loyalty will always be to Thorin, and through him, to Erebor.” More than a few of the Dwarves flinched, though they weren’t the ones who glowered at Bilbo like he was an abomination. He supposed that according to those who were actually on his side he’d done something wrong, but Bilbo had never been one for lying, especially not to the people who were now supposed to be his family. “And why is you supreme loyalty to Prince Thorin rather than to your king?” NAME tucked his hands at the small of his back and paced before Bilbo like Grandmother Baggins did when she was interrogating her grandchildren about who it was that had tracked mud into her house. (He never could figure out why she did that, the answer was always Bilbo.) “Because Thror is not my king.” Ah yes, there was definite flinching at that one. “I am a citizen of the Shire, and my political loyalty is to them. However, King Thror is my bonded Sentinel’s grandfather, so I will show him all the respect I would show to my own grandfather.” “But not the respect you would show to the leader of your people?” “Considering that my grandfather is the leader of my people, I believe your question is moot.” And if the Thain of the Shire was an entirely different position than the King of Erebor, well, none of these folk needed to understand that. But it seemed the supportive Dwarves appreciated Bilbo’s bit of word play, the less restrained of them letting out a few relieved sighs. But apparently NAME couldn’t let that stand. “Did you consummate the bond?” Bilbo’s cheeks went scarlet, but he refused to dissolve into the fish-faced sputtering. “I don’t see how that’s any of your business.” “Because if your bond is not consummated then we have no word but yours that it is actually complete.” “Actually you have my word and Thorin’s word, and whatever you might think about me, you should take his.” “Thorin might be deceived by your wiles.” “My wiles?” Bilbo laughed and tossed his hands out to side to show off the utter lack of wiles that he possessed that might appeal to a Dwarf like Thorin. “You think Thorin lacks the sense to know when he’s being wiled?” “And yet, Master Hobbit, the question stands.” NAMR twisted on his heel, somehow managing to make Bilbo feel like NAME”s back had been turned on him when really the Dwarf just tilted his yes up to Thorin. "Crown Prince. Is the bond consummated?” “What will you do if it is not?” Frerin interrupted, neatly stopping Thorin from being forced to answer a question about his sexual history in front of the council members. “We will request that Prince Thorin reconsider a bond with such an inferior creature.” “I refuse.” Thorin snapped, Dis’ hand on his shoulder the only thing keeping him from going for his sword. “Now what will you do?” “I wish you did not force this position upon me, Crown Prince.” “No one is forcing you to do anything. You are too blinded by greed to see the purity of the bond before your face.” “It is not greed, Thorin!” He shouted. NAME visibly swallowed back his temper and went back to the tight, formal tone he’d managed the whole conversation. “It is a legitimate concern for the line of Durin and for our people. You are the first Sentinel in our ruling house in more centuries than any of us are willing to admit, and that means something to us. It makes your life worth more than any prince who was not Durin reborn. You cannot be allowed to make decisions that will have reprecussions for this people that will stretch down the ages without thinking about them.” “You mean my brother is not allowed to marry his One because you want him to take a harem of GUDIES so that he may breed powerful Gifted for the people of Durin.” The moment the words left Frerin’s lips Bilbo couldn’t believe that he hadn’t seen it coming. But Bilbo had noticed that behind Frerin’s loud smile there was hidden a razor sharp mind, so out of all of them, it would be Frerin to see the foul end game of these people. Thorin was too furious to speak, so his sister relieved him of the burden. “If you think that plan will work, then you do not understand how a bond works.” “I know that finding your One does not force you to be faithful.” NAME snapped, and all the color slipped from Dis’ face at the unsubtle reference to her husband. “I know that Thorin can keep his little Dunin if he so wishes, but he can breed as many as are put beneath him. If he is uncomfortable with keeping them with him in Erebor then our allies in the Grey Mountains, the Blue Mountains, and the Iron Hills can all send Dunin representatives and he can breed with them, sending away the females when they are with child. Of course, that would leave Erebor without the Prince’s Sentinel blood, leaving Erebor open to siege in future generations, but if his selfishness is so great that he would not have his children housed in his kingdom, then that is up to him.” “I will not put aside my One to satisfy your need for power.” “I said you could keep him. Though I would prefer that you do not marry him. There are an untold number of alliances we could make if we dangle the possibility of your handing marriage before them as part of the negotiations.” “And what good will these negotiations be when our people refuse to follow Thorin after he betrays the very public oaths he has made to Bilbo?” “That’s why I enquired whether the bond has been consummated. An unconsummated bond between them can still provide Thorin with the support he needs for his Gifts not to drive him mad, and provides us the opportunity to find some Dunin better suited to the role they will need to play.” “And if they are completely bonded?” “Then Dunin Baggins can adapt to what we require of him.” “Or?” NAME shrugged. “Bonds can be broken.” “You are mad.” “I’m not, actually. The people will undoubtedly be sad for Thorin when they realize that his bondmate was one of those times that mates are not suited for another, but they will accept it as inevitable when Dunin Baggins returns to his homeland. They will also accept Thorin’s numerous relationships with various Dunins as his attempt to find something that might compare to what he lost with his bondmate. It will all be terribly tragic and romantic, and not a soul will care that Thorin is breeding his way through every available Dunin.” “I will care.” “Fortunately for the plan, Dunin Baggins, your opinion does not matter.” “Whatever you might think of Bilbo, you cannot be fool enough to think that my opinion does not matter. And I refuse to have a thing to do with this madness.” “Ah. I had hoped it would not come to this, but if it must…” NAME turned to Thror, who had been silently watching this unfold before him. “You will adhere to NAME’s plan for you and this unfortunate bonding, or I will disinherit you. The crown will pass instead to your brother, and you will be passed aside for all the rights and privileges associated with our line.” Dis gasped, biting her lip the moment the sound left her mouth, like she couldn’t believe such a thing had slipped from her lips. The few members of the council who’d been sitting there silent and stunned by the whole conversation looked ready to revolt. Only fools didn’t understand that Thorin was the one in control of Erebor, that he’d been in charge of the kingdom for more years than they were probably even aware. To put Thorin aside would be destruction and ruin for their society. Bilbo had expected Thorin to laugh at them like the idiots they were, but instead he gave his grandfather a long, steady stare. Like Thorin was weighing his options. Adalgrim looked half a breath away from stabbing Thorin in the first available spot, while Drogo looked too horrified by the whole proposal to notice Thorin at all. Thorin held on to that silence until he was certain that everyone in the room was watching him, listening and waiting for his response. When he had the attention of every eye in the room he strode up to his grandfather’s throne, shoulder’s back and eyes clear. To be honest, Bilbo had expected Thorin to shout at his grandfather about what a fool he was being, but Thorin didn’t say a word. Instead, Thorin stared at his grandfather, weighing the elder Dwarf’s intention against his stubbornness, whether or not Thorin would be able to convince him that he was being a fool. Whatever it was that Thorin saw, his family saw it too. Dis scooped Kili into her arms while Fili pressed up against his mother’s skirts and Frerin hissed out a sigh. Whatever Bilbo had thought Thorin might do, he hadn’t expected the Dwarf to slip a thick, silver ring off the middle finger of his right hand and let it drop to the ground at Thror’s feet. The ring landed with a solid thunk that echoed through the chamber, and if Bilbo thought things were silent before, it was nothing compared to now. It felt as though the very mountain held its breath. “I, Thorin, son of Thrain, son of Thror, do renounce my claim to the throne of Erebor. I would rather spend my life a pauper than disgrace my bonded One for any reason.” Thorin turned on his heel and walked away, no hesitation in his step. He held out his hand to Bilbo, drawing the Hobbit to his side as they made their way towards the door. “Come Bilbo, lets gather your cousins and your things and be on our way back to your homeland. The Shire has need of a blacksmith, does it not?” “If they don’t, I’ll smash all their gardening tools until they do.” Behind them, Kili peered around his mother’s shoulder, watching Uncle Thorin talk about leaving. Kili knew that he was young, and that sometimes he missed things the adults talking about, things that they said he’d understand when he was older. But Kili was old enough to understand what Uncle Thorin leaving meant, and old enough to know that grandfather had said terrible things about Uncle Bilbo, and that grandfather wanted Uncle Thorin to do what Kili’s Adad had done to his Mama. Which meant Uncle Bilbo would have to kill Uncle Thorin like Mama had killed Adad. But Uncle Bilbo wasn’t very good with weapons, so Mama would have to kill Uncle Thorin, and that would make her cry. That mean Grandpa was wrong and Uncle Thorin was right, and Kili turned back to his mother and asked, “But Mama aren’t we going with them?” Dis almost jumped at Kili’s question breaking the silence. Without looking at the expression on his mother’s face, Fili slipped the ring off his own finger and quietly pressed it in to his mother’s hand. The silent affirmation of her firstborn son matched with the innocence of her second told Dis this wasn’t nearly as complicated as she was making it. “Yes darling, we are.” She pressed a kiss to Kili’s scraggly hair and tossed all three of their rings towards Thror’s throne, uncaring if they missed, or if they slid over the edge to tumble over the precipice and be lost to the dark. She turned on her heel and left with her children, Thror’s heirs, at her side. She was careful not to look Frerin’s way, because the decision to stay or to go had to be solely his. To leave would remove the direct line of Durin from Erebor, would abandon their people to deal with their father and grandfather with no intermediary to keep the kingdom from collapsing out underneath them. They were the line of Durin, it was their responsibility to stand solid until the end of time and greet Durin when he came again for the last battle against all evil. Dis glanced over her shoulder, and could see Frerin’s decision in the line of his back. After all, what was a kingdom without your family to stand beside you? She didn’t to look to know that Thorin had seen the change in their brother, or know that Thorin was about to object to Frerin throwing himself on his sword like Thorin had done. Without turning around Frerin snapped, “Shut up, Thorin.” He flicked his ring at Thror’s throne like gamblers did coins. “Your line leaves you to your greed. May it comfort you as your life fades. Turn to our cousins and see if any of them will stand beside you after what you threatened to do to Thorin, though I’m sure that when you tell Dain what you’ve done he’ll shore off your beard.” Clever Frerin. Even in the worst of circumstances they could always could on him to think. Thror would now contact Dain the moment they stepped out of this room, summoning the Lord of the Iron Hills to his side just to prove that Dain would agree with his behavior. Dain already had to be on his way with Guides for Thorin—Guides that might actually bond with him rather than force a bond on him—and perhaps if they tarried long enough in gathering their things, then Dain might be able to talk sense in to Thror. Together the siblings strode out from their grandfather’s presence, unmoved by the frantic whispers that trailed along behind them. Notes: As always, let me know if there's a particular work that speaks to you, I could use the inspirational motivation. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 4 of the 12 Days of Christmas series ← Previous Work Part 2 of the The Oak and The Ash series