Dead of a Town Heavy rainfall poured down the poorly lit alleyways, ragged panting echoing throughout the brick walls as rapid footsteps sprinted across the soaked concrete. Hearing the sound of the puddles being splashed with every step they took as they ran, the lonesome soul continuously looked over their shoulder as they felt fear coursing through their veins. It wasn't supposed to be like this, but their time was up and evil was out to get them. "Please...please, no." They breathed, frantically running as paranoia consumed them. "Please, please! I have nothing for you!" Turning a corner, they came to a complete stop as they felt their skin crawl. It was almost as if a darkness had overpowered them, shadow overcasting and haunting their soul, sending chills down their spine. Slowly turning around, they quivered, bottom lip trembling as their hands shook. "Please..." They uttered, a sudden sheer pain aching in their stomach, as a fist went through it. Coughing, blood spilled out of their mouth and down their chin as they choked out the vital fluid. "This is the last time you will disobey us." The eerie voice boomed. "See you in hell." Hearing the sound of the hand that punched straight through the persons stomach come right out, the now deceased body came to contact with the cold and wet gravel; eyes wide open on the corpse as the mysterious figure vanished. . . . "... a fairly gruesome body's remains were found sprawled in between two buildings with a rather large hole in their stomach. Police say this has been yet another attack of an unknown predator whose methods are the same for each victim, lurking and reeking havoc in the town of Swallowtail... " Changing the channel of the television hanging above the bar, the blonde tossed the remote back onto the counter with a roll of her eyes. "There's nothing but deaths in this dead of a town." She sighed, turning back to face the pair that sat at the bar in front of her. To her right sat a young man--around the age of twenty-two--dark skin, a youthful face with eyes of those that didn't match, dressed in a jean jacket over a white top and black pants. Finn . Then there was the man on her left, recently turned twenty-five, head full of dark brown curly hair and stubble across his cheeks and chin. Leather jacket with a patch on either sleeve over a grey v-neck and dark jeans, swirling the glass cup in his grip before taking a swig. Poe . "Tell me about it, it's only getting worse." Finn sighed, holding onto his beer and staring at it, caught in a trance as if his mind were elsewhere. "You better keep safe, the streets aren't good to be on at late hours." Poe tilted his glass in her direction, nodding his head. "Especially since your shifts usually end rather late in the night." "Don't remind me." She sighed, leaning into her palm as her elbow pressed against the wooden surface. "My father is beginning for me to quit, get a job at the library or city hall, hell, even at the antique shoppe rather than a bar." "Well, technically, this is a restaurant with possibly the only bar in town." Finn corrected as she groaned. "You're not making it any better, Finn." Poe looked over before taking a sip from his drink. "What? Isn't like he said for her to work at church." Finn lightly scoffed with a shrug, drinking some of his beer before placing the glass bottle down. "Wouldn't that be lovely?" She sighed, walking over to wipe down the side of the bar that was vacant. "It wouldn't even pay me well enough as it does here." "Isn't like you need money, your fathers doing pretty well. Plus, you're young, you're only nineteen-" " Almost twenty." She corrected. "And I'm still stuck in this sad town because my father can't seem to let me go." Rolling her eyes, she tossed the rag to a side before walking back over to the two, crossing her arms. "I just wish I were out studying in college like any nineteen soon-to-be twenty year old girl would, you know? One who did very well in school like I did." "You could still make it happen, it's never too late to apply." Poe nodded. "Get the hell out of this town, go to a big city, move out of the state. Trust me, whenever you'll go, there'll be a church." Shaking her head, she only let out a small laugh. "I think I'll be avoiding church just as much as I'll be avoiding Swallowtail." "At least visit us, especially Rey." Finn spoke up. "Rey should join her, she's just as young, she could use it." Poe stated as the young woman nodded in agreement. "It would be nice, but she's more into adventure." Leaning a hip against the counter, her eyes only trailed over to an older couple that had just walked in, aiming for a booth. "Look who it is..." Finn looked over. "Han and Leia, what are those two doing back in Swallowtail? Last time I checked, they wanted nothing to do with it." Poe added on. "Possibly for the fact that the towns gone to shit and they wanna pick up anything they've left behind." Finn turned back around. "Like their son?" Poe snickered. "You can forget him, he's completely disassociated." Finn lifted up his beer, gulping some more. Losing focus from their conversation, she watched the couple. The two looked completely worn out, as if a train of emotions had rammed into them. The way they moved and spoke, to the way they acted, the blonde could tell something was off of the unknown (at least to her) couple. Hearing a beeping sound, she looked down at her watch and let out a breath of relief. "Shift is over, thank god." Removing the rather small apron that covered her attire, she went to hang it up in the back room before clocking out. "And I'm going to be late to church at this rate." "Church? On a Friday afternoon?" Finn questioned with his brows furrowed. "The Swallowtail's only church is all kinds of fucked up." Poe commented. "I gotta get going, I'll see you two later." She waved before the two waved back. "Say hi to Rey for me!" Walking past the older couple she had been eyeing moments ago, her pace only slowed down as her eyes met that of the older woman's. Seeing a look of concern on her face suddenly appear, the blonde quickly looked away before rushing off. It was rather... strange . Speeding home in her clunker of a Jeep, she zoomed up the stairs and down the hall to reach her room, taking a short shower before haphazardly changing into one of the white off-the-shoulders dresses she wore for church. Sliding on the soft pink pointed toe heels, she quickly reapplied her makeup and removed her hair from the knot it was in, simply brushing away the knots before rushing back out and into her car. It was almost always she was late to church and she never heard the last of it from her father; mother? Not so much. At least she had made it right on time and blended in with the small crowd that would walk in each time. She couldn't understand as to why they paid visits to the church so very often. It wasn't like they needed to--at least she assumed she didn't need it--yet, they went more than an ordinary person would. If it wasn't for the fact that her best friend sometimes went with her mother, or it gave her excuses to dress up nicer than she had to for her rather monotonous job, than she definitely wouldn't attend. Even if her father practically dragged her to. Swiftly parking and exiting her car, she rushed out and rapidly slid on her rings. Clamping on her cross necklace, she darted over to the main doors, in hopes no one would pay her mind the second she had entered mass. Quickly walking down the halls as the sound of her heels echoed throughout the corridor, she came to a stop at the door and carefully opened it, hearing the preaching undergoing. "Dammit." She cursed under her breath, in hopes no one would hear her. Of course, almost everyone there knew her, so seeing her be late rather than on time was a jaw dropper to them. To them, she was a pure angel, innocent as they can be with a heart of gold. A daughter every parent wish they had with her intelligence, beauty, and grace. Never had they thought she would become a heathen, she was too good for that, too pure . That is, of course, until her eyes landed on an unfamiliar, new face that claimed the title of Father. The second the mans eyes came to contact with her own was the second she knew, the townspeople's thoughts and beliefs of her meant absolutely nothing to her. Nor did they ever. Slowing down her pace as her eyes couldn't seem to leave the mans, a small smile grew on her lips as she knew he had been doing the same. Gazing at him, she consumed his features--his dark locks that were waved rather perfectly, circular glasses that sat a little under the bridge of his nose, beauty marks freckling his skin, and those plump lips that mesmerized her with every word he spoke. It was no wonder that she was so enthralled in the man already, he was god-like. Unaware to her, he was studying her as well, feeling just as shaken at the sight of the beauty he had been devouring with his eyes. "Why are you late? You never are." Feeling a hand tug her down to the seat, she slowly shifted her eyes away from the Father, over to her own. "My shift ended later than expected." She stated, turning her attention back to the man and seeing his hadn't left her for a moment. "You need to leave that job." Her father whispered over as she rolled her eyes. "I need to leave this town ." She nearly snapped as her father leaned back in his seat, lightly scoffing. "Please, the Father is speaking." Her mother spoke as she sighed. The entire time the man had been speaking to the crowd, she couldn't help but stare at him through it all. It wasn't in a way of passion where she agreed to the words spewing out of his mouth like everyone else. No, she was just watching that beautiful mouth of his move. It was lust. It was pure lust and she didn't seem to find any of it wrong. It excited her. Of course it had, she wasn't the innocent girl everyone presumed her to be--not with that mind of hers. She was a young woman in her last days as a teen, acting the way she was supposed to be-- rebellious . The stuff that went through her mind when she had been watching him were things she could never speak of. As much as it was wrong to think such way of a Father, she wasn't the only one with such intimate thoughts. The Father [himself] was lost in his own world, as well. Although the two shouldn't have been thinking of such erotic thoughts in such a sacred ground, they were undressing each other with their own eyes. She didn't know him or what his name was, but, she knew for a fact he was something she desired. A lustful craving that stimulated her. . . . "Sweetie, I would like to introduce you to the new Father." Her mother held onto her arms as she guided her away from the small crowd she was in, everyone piling out as the mass had ended. "Seeing as how Father Skywalker had stepped down, a new Father came to be and he is quite the gentleman. We are glad to call him our Father now." The young woman's mother nodded with a smile Being pushed along, the blonde took in a small breath; it wasn't like she was nervous to meet the man, it was the fact that her mother was introducing her surrounded by so many people that the girl couldn't possibly sweet talk the man. "I'm sure everyone is." Seeing the man come in her line of vision, she made sure the sleeves of the off-shoulder dress were low enough as her mother grinned at the preacher. "Excuse me, Father, I would love to introduce you to my daughter." Having the mans back face her, she hadn't realized how tall he truly was until he turned around and nearly toward her. Feeling her smile lightly fade away as her breathing quietly quickened, her eyes fluttered for a moment. "Ah, Mrs. Underwood..." The man smiled over to her mother. "It would be rather lovely to meet your daughter." His eyes trailed over to the blonde, hazel eyes boring into her own as her heart vibrated--he had been even more intriguing up close. Bowing her head, she had been completely oblivious to the fact her daughter and the Father were eyeballing each other. "Thank you, Father." Placing a hand on her back, the girl's mother smiled, gently pushing her forward. "Dana...Dana Underwood." Sticking out her hand, the man gently grabbed onto it and bowed his head before kissing her knuckles, whole hand wrapping her very own. Feeling the heat rise to her face, she sucked in a breath rather quietly, amazed at how proper he was. It also didn't help that she was shocked at how large his hand was. " Don't get any ideas. " She thought to herself. "What a beautiful name..." He looked up from her hand, smiling. "Father Ren." Nodding her head, the warmth around her hand slowly dispersed as he had carefully let go of it. "You are more than welcome to come visit the church anytime you need to pray or ask for forgiveness." He lightly nodded his head as Dana bowed hers. "Thank you, Father." She knew for a fact she'd keep that in mind, knowing how much she had been sinning at that very moment--she could almost feel it in between her thighs. "Excuse me." Nodding her head, she knew she couldn't stay there any longer, it almost felt as if the two were having sex just by their eyes making contact. "It was a pleasure meeting you." Father Ren spoke up before she had turned around, giving her a small smile as he held his hands together. Bowing her head, she smiled, "Likewise." Turning on a heel and walking off, the man took it as an opportunity to eye her one last time. Although Dana's mother was right there beside him, she had been too busy blabbering on about the next mass and what was discussed at the one that had ended, unable to realize that the Father was checking out her own daughter as she strode away. First day preaching and he was already doing something very wrong. He just couldn't help his thoughts, she was insanely breath taking and he wasn't sure if he had ever seen such beauty before. It was almost as if he had been looking at an angel. The Father just hoped it wasn't too obvious, him drooling over a woman heaven knows how many years younger than him. There was something about her that he couldn't quite touch upon that made him transfixed. Taking a breather, she pulled out her phone from her purse, opening up the internet and typing away: Is it okay to be sexually attractive to a Father? About to hit enter, she only erased it all and closed the app. Of course it wasn't okay to feel such way towards said man, especially when she had just met him. But there was something about Father Ren that drew her to him. It pointed to all signs of wrong, but she couldn't help herself, she thought he was flat out divine and wouldn't think twice about flat out fucking him. Mumbling to herself as she tossed her phone back into her purse, she simply shrugged. "Isn't like I'm going to heaven anyway." Saying his goodbyes while bowing and shaking hands, Father Ren's eyes landed on Dana as she stood there, wrapping her finger around the chain of her necklace and dragging it along back and forth as she eyed the church. "Thank you, Father Ren, we will be here Sunday." Mrs. Underwood had nodded, snapping his head over to her as he lightly smiled. "God bless you and make it home safe." He bowed his head. Looking over to her daughter, Mrs. Underwood sighed. "Dana, your father and I are heading home, you should get going!" Turning his head back over to Dana, his heart plummeted as she had turned her full attention to her mother, blonde hair flowing with the wind as the skirt of her dress did as well. Letting out a small sigh, she nodded. "Of course, momma." Seeing her mother nod, with the turn of her heel and the sound of her shoes echoing out with every step, Dana's eyes shifted to Father Ren. Feeling the faintest of smirks grow on her lips as the two made eye contact, she casually turned around and walked right back into the church. Blinking as his brows knitted, he gave the area one last look before turning his focus back on Dana, seeing her disappear as the doors closed behind her. He didn't even bother questioning her motives or why it is that he had no issue with following her, but he was doing so and he was being very discreet about it. Sitting on of the benches that were in front of the alter, she looked up at the cross that sat parallel to her, only to hear the doors shut from their spot behind her followed by footsteps. Fighting a grin as she crossed her legs, Dana could feel the mans presence to the left of her. "Is there something troubling you, miss Underwood?" Feeling her heart skip a beat at the sound of his voice, it was almost as if chills went down her spine and sent goosebumps throughout her body with how thunderous it was. "Sort of..." Swallowing, he took a small step forward. "Would you like to share?" Looking over at him, she nodded. Watching him walk closer as he took a seat next to her, a whiff of freshly clean laundry hitting her. "Father Ren, I want change." Furrowing his eyebrows the slightest, he blinked. "Change, how?" "A change in routine, a change in my life...it's boring, I feel that in my youth I haven't done enough." Dana stated, attention turning back to the cross. "I'm only nineteen, and I feel as if I've missed out so much." "Is it anything...in specific?" He questioned, heart ringing in his ears "Yes." Looking back over, Father Ren took in a small, deep breath. "I want to live...I want to do things, I want to have stories to share when I grow old. I want to feel like the young woman I am, not some child." "You want freedom?" He asked, it sounding more like a statement. "Not entirely...in a sense, yes...but, not so much. Too much freedom could lead to disaster. What I want...is open doors that lead me to these sort of things, like new beginnings." She spoke, the Father slowly nodding as he kept his focus glued on her. "Maybe you need someone to open those doors for you..." Sighing, Dana looked back ahead with a small laugh. "I know no one who could or would be willing to...not my friends, definitely not my parents-" "Maybe a complete stranger..." Blinking, she slowly turned her head to look back at him. "Many great things come from people we not know of just yet...for all you know, the person who could open those doors for you isn't so far out." "What if they are? What if they're hundreds of thousands of miles away?" Dana sat up straight as she held onto the seat. "Then there's a chance you need to find them. They don't always come to you." "And if they're close?" Her voice softened. Feeling his eyes fall from her own, down to her pink lips continuously, he only breathed. "Then they may just come to you." "How will I know?" Noticing how much his attention faltered, Dana's body began to heat up, excitement growing inside of her. "It could take a while for you to acknowledge it..." Realizing how he felt almost out of breath, Father Ren gulped. "Or maybe moments..." "And when I know?" Her hands eagerly twitched as they clutched onto the wooden seat, eyes set on his adam's apple as it bobbed from the sudden anticipation. "And when you know...the change will begin." Unable to look away from her lips at this point, Father Ren'a chest gave in as his wants, needs, and desires all begged for satisfaction. "I want to find my someone..." She softly spoke. "And I want them to find me." There was a sudden gravitational pull between the two that had formed gradually throughout the small talk. Neither had realized the instant shift in bodies until they were practically breathing on one another, noses nearly touching as lips hovered inches apart. "I do not think...it will take you long." Father Ren nearly whispered. "Neither do I." Pressing one hand against the seat as one lied on his thigh, the gap between the two was almost nonexistent. "I think I've found them." Feeling the sensation of warm lips press against her own, her stomach felt as if it had dropped, heart pooling up in her chest as her body tingled. It felt so magical, in the sense that the feeling of his own soft lips against her own made her body feel like it was floating in mid air, adrenaline rushing through her veins as the hairs on her arms stood up with the new found goosebumps. She couldn't quite explain as to how it truly felt, it was nothing like the kisses she had received before, it was utterly euphoric and completely otherworldly. Even if it was the smallest of kisses. It was almost as if Ren had been kissing an angel--or so it felt. Her soft, full lips felt perfect against his own, the way they gently moved along his own made his insides tremble--it was like her lips were made for his. And it made him want to melt, at least his heart had. As lovely as it felt, with his hand gently placed on top of Dana's own that sat on his thigh while the other had found it's way on her chin, she only leaned away. "I apologize, Father, for such a rash move." Quickly standing up from her spot, Ren only swiftly stood up, thumb gently brushing against his lips as the aftermath of the kiss was left behind, lipstick staining his fingertip. Aiming for the confessional booth, she opened up the curtain and closed it behind her, taking in a deep breath as her heart raced. Sure, she had been thinking of making such move, but she did not expect him to go along with it--not when he was risking it all if he were to get caught. Dana hadn't even thought about the trouble she would've gotten in, she didn't seem to care, she had money, a job, and a car, she could easily leave. But Father Ren? She wasn't sure what he had. On the other hand, the sensation was beyond what words could describe; phenomenal wasn't enough. All the boys that she received kisses from did not compare to the one she received from this man--even if it had been the smallest of kisses. She just wanted to know...would it have grown to more if she hadn't stopped? In all reality, she only stopped because there was a terrible chance someone would've found the two and gotten Father Ren out of his position and away from the town...right on his first day. But she wanted to know just what more his lips could do, what other stimulation could he arise in her? What was he capable of doing? And what was it that he could do to show her that he was the one who could bring her life change? " Fuck it ." She thought. Just about to rush out, she was only shoved back in, body pushed up against the wall of the booth as Rens hips pressed against her own. Lips smacking up against her own, Dana's eyes widened in shock at how much of a one-eighty this kiss took from the one moments ago. Shutting her eyes, she grabbed onto the material of his top and pulled him even closer, Ren's hands moving from her cheeks, down to her waist as he pressed up against her even more. There was nothing but heavy panting being heard as the rather sloppy kiss grew more and more intense...and rough. It was all over the place, teeth almost colliding as noses rubbed against one another. "There is no need to apologize..." Taking in a deep breath, he continued on. "When you have found me...and I have found you." Opening up her eyes for a moment, she could see the sincerity in his own. "Then I must apologize to the man above for I am about to sin." Pulling him back into the kiss, one hand got lost in his hair as her free arm wrapped around his neck. Moving his hands under the skirt of her dress, Ren didn't bother wasting time and neither did she, fingers latching onto the lace material and rapidly tugging them down. Stepping out of the undergarments as she moved her hands down to his pants, she unbuttoned and unzipped them as they slipped down. Tugging off his underwear low enough, he swiftly lifted Dana up by the waist as she wrapped her legs around him, his length sliding into her as her head fell back, moan building up in her throat as he began to thrust. Trying so hard to keep it in, she took in deep breaths as she held tightly onto his back, biting her bottom lip as light grunts came from Ren's parted lips. Bucking his hips as his grip on her tightened, he tiled his head back as he let out heavy breaths. It had been so long since he had felt such way--not so long since he had done such a thing, though. Through his time of becoming a Father, he had small affairs outside of what he was supposed to be doing, but none of them compared to what he had now. Ren wasn't sure why he had felt such way when it was nothing but a quickie in a confession booth. Was it because of the hyped up kiss from earlier? Or the fact that this had been building up since the two made eye contact? Whatever it was, it was making him feel like he was up in the clouds, to the point he had felt his own knees grow weak. " Fuck ..." Letting go of one side, his now free hand latched onto a fistful of her hair as he went for another kiss. It was ragged, unsteady, and careless...it felt as if it were a one night stand, but it almost felt as if it were pure love making. The sensation he was receiving was driving him insane, he wasn't sure why it was happening now in a rather lustful moment rather than before when he had shared such intimacy with a girlfriend he once claimed to have adored. Was it just magical in a sense of sexual contact? Or was he just missing the feeling of being inside of someone that his body made it feel like he was in his own heaven--or at least, for his sexual desire. Feeling himself climaxing, he gave one lust buck of the hip before pulling out, kissing becoming less messy and rather slow as he lowered her legs, nothing but hands on his chest as his pulled his briefs back up. "Is this your first time fucking a nineteen year old?" She mumbled against his lips as she took in deep breaths. "Is this your first time fucking a Father?" He smirked as she rolled her eyes. "Touché..." Giving him one last kiss, she went for her panties. "At lest you aimed in between my thighs and not on the booths walls." Tugging them back on as the stickiness between her thighs grew more apparent, Ren pulled back up his pants. "This is a church, miss Underwood, only holy things may happen inside of here." He spoke down to her as she looked up, grinning. "Especially inside of a confession booth." He whispered in her ear as it sent chills throughout her body. "Am I forgiven?" She asked, crossing her arms behind her back. Placing a finger under her chin, he smirked. "Ask for forgiveness again tomorrow and we shall see." Walking out, she bit her lip as she watched him, only to smile. It was unbelievable at how sudden and quick it all was, almost as if she had blinked, she would've missed it all. The feeling he gave her was utterly incredible, even if it lasted minutes--it was better than anything she had ever received before, and she wasn't sure as to why. Why did a simple kiss and a rather swift fuck made her feel like she was with a god? Was it because all the other boys she had ever been with weren't as satisfying? Or was it because he was older? It must've been the latter seeing as her past lovers all had a common age that was around hers rather than years older. How old was he really? He didn't seem anything over thirty, let alone, under twenty-five. Taking in a breath as she patted down her hair along with her dress, she walked out of the confession booth to see Ren nowhere in sight. Walking back over to the bench, she picked up her purse and rushed out. She didn't want it to seem anymore suspicious than it actually was, especially if her lipstick was now smudged. Looking out the window from the second floor, Rens eyes landed on her as she had aimed for her jeep, walking the slightest of off as he smirked to himself. It wasn't like he had expected something like this to happen, not so soon and--possibly--not ever, but the second his eyes had landed on her blue-green pair, he felt as if there was an outside force that made him watch over her. Ren just wasn't exactly sure what it was, let alone, why it was. Pulling her keys out of her purse, Dana's stomach suddenly turned as her instincts kicked in. Feeling a shadow loom over her, she quickly turned around to see nothing. Sighing, she rushed into her car and didn't bother taking her sweet time leaving, she was already there long enough. "I'm telling you, these homicides aren't just random, they are planned! They must be! Hello, have you not seen the news? The recent victims have had some gruesome deaths! Eyes being gauged out, heads bashed in, holes in someone's stomach the size of a fist. You guys can't be serious?" Tilting her head, the brunette crossed her arms. "I'm not saying you're wrong, you could very much be right...but when was the last time we've had a serial killer? Especially one that disturbing? For all we know it's all just a coincidence." Finn shrugged. "That's very hypocritical of you to think of, Finn, especially when you know exactly what I'm talking about." She pointed a finger. "What are you talking about, Rey?" Looking over, their eyes widened, Dana coming into view as she had entered the restaurant. "Oh, nothing..." She swatted a hand. "Just the news." Finn nodded as Poe rolled his eyes, not even bothering to contribute to the conversation. "Rey, here, is suspicious about the whole recent murders," Poe spoke up. "She thinks it's from the same killer." Looking over at Rey, Dana lifted her brows. "At this point, I think so, too-" "See!" Rey exclaimed, slamming her palm against the bar surface. "Shut up, that's just Dana's way of saying anything could explain it." Finn rolled his eyes as he crossed his arms. "I'll be back, guys." Patting the table, Dana walked off to the back room, opening up the locker she claimed her own and pulling out the change of underwear. She always had extra clothes behind just in case, never knowing when it was necessary. Walking into the woman's bathroom and cleaning herself up as she changed, she looked into the mirror to reapply her lipstick, only to jump at the sight of a rather dark figure behind her. Dropping her lipstick, she quickly turned around and saw nothing. Gulping, she knelt down and picked up the tube before standing back up, not even bothering to reapply as she tossed the underwear away. "Let's just face it, this town isn't safe anymore, it isn't the same Swallowtail we once knew. It's becoming corrupted." Rey nodded as Dana turned the corner from the hallway she was in, heart still racing. She must've been hallucinating, god was already punishing her for sinning. "This town, and any other, isn't safe...nowhere is, don't you get it? You can't avoid things like these, humans are the worst." Finn sighed. "That's if it's human..." Rey muttered as Dana walked up to the bar. "Surprised you're not home? How's church?" Poe asked as Dana sat next to him. "Oh, you know...boring..." She nodded, trying her best not to blush at the thought of Father Ren. "Isn't there a new Father?" Rey asked. "Since Father Skywalker stepped down?" "Yeah...his-his name is Father Ren." Dana nodded with a small swallow. "Oh, god...is he old? Or is he starting off young like Luke had?" Poe asked. "Uh...I-I wanna say quite young? Not like, nineteen-twenty...but still young." She nodded, the feeling of Ren being inside her still lingering. "Still young..." "Let's see how long he'll last." Finn scoffed. Shifting in her seat as Finn and the other two had carried on with their conversation about god knows what--Dana wasn't paying attention--her focus was set in a trance as she was deep in thought. " Dana! Dana! " Hearing her mother shout as if she were right next to her, she instantly jumped in her seat, blinking as she looked around the bar to see not a single sign of her mother. "Are you alright?" Poe asked as he, Finn and Rey looked at her. "Huh? Oh, yeah, I should get going..." Patting the table as she stood up, she pulled her purse over her shoulder. "I came by to say hi." She lied with a smile. "See you three tomorrow." Waving as she walked off, the three watched her go before snapping looks at one another. "You saw what I saw?" Finn asked. "Her gait is different." Poe stated. "You would notice, weirdo." Rey rolled her eyes. "But you're right." "You don't think..." Finn trailed as he waved his hand. "Oh, I think." Poe nodded. "But who?" "A church boy." Poe winked at Finn as Finn gagged. "No, she wouldn't." Rey shook her head. "Plus, all the boys that go are eighteen and under, most of the time there's only one eighteen year old and he's taken and Dana would definitely not go for someone younger." Rey crossed her arms, Poe sighing. "Then what explains the walk?" "It's clear that she screwed someone, Rey. Plus, did you not see her lipstick? It was a bit off and smudged, and her dress was wrinkled." Finn pointed out. "How much you wanna bet she only came here because she has a change of underwear in her locker." Poe lifted up his now beer bottle as Rey narrowed her eyes, leaning back. "How would you know that?" She scrunched up her nose. "She told me she has a whole set of clothes in there--which must include undergarments." Poe shrugged as Rey sighed. "She's better than that, she wouldn't do it in a church, let alone, anywhere near it." Rey rolled her eyes, moving away from the bar to go take orders. "Or so you think!" . . . Seeing as the full moon hang high in the night sky, beaming down the mans path, the shine reflected off of his glasses as he stood there in the darkness. Overlooking the body that lied there, he took in a deep breath before lifting up the bloody knife in his hold. "I hate your kind." Pulling out a handkerchief and wiping the crimson fluid away, he slid it back into its holster. "Taking innocent lives as you latch onto their soul." Pulling out a cigarette and a match, he lit it up before flicking the stick onto the body. "Burn in hell, where you belong." Turning on his heel, he walked off, leaving the deceased body to turn into ashes. This was only the beginning. Chapter 2 : See You Then Rushing back and forth as she slid on her sneakers, Dana came to a stop in front of her dressers mirror as she held a bobbi pin in between her lips, tightening up her pony tail. "I am going to be late, Rey is going to kill me..." She mumbled, removing the pin from her mouth and pushing back the loose strands with it. Eyeing her wrist watch, she slid her phone into the back pocket of her shorts before grabbing her purse and rushing out of her room. "Are you still working at that wretched restaurant?" Her father asked as she walked passed him, sprinting down the steps. "Yes, dad." She sternly spoke, already annoyed with his tone. "It's the best paying job there is out there without a degree since, you know, you don't want to send me off to college when it's been two years since I graduated!" She called out from the first floor, picking up an apple from the fruit basket before petting the large dog that lied by the main door. "Bye, buddy." She spoke as she bit into the fruit. Sighing to himself, her father only shook his head as he walked back into his room. "She is never satisfied." Hopping into her car and speeding to the restaurant, she didn't even bother wasting time as she dumped the apples core into the dumpster before entering through the back door. "I'm here, I'm here..." She breathed, clocking in as she left her things in her locker. If it wasn't for the fact that the previous night she had kept waking up to the sound of what she thought to be her mother screaming her name, she wouldn't have slept in. "Finally!" Rey exclaimed. "You know how busy Saturday afternoons get!" Rushing past her as she want to place in orders, Dana tied her apron around her waist as she pulled out her pad and pen. "I know and I'm sorry, I overslept!" She called out. "Get table seven, I haven't been able to get to them." Rey stated as Dana nodded, rushing over as she took in small, deep breaths. "I'm sorry for the wait, we're short on staff today." She nodded, coming to a stop at the table as she looked up from her pad, only to freeze. Eyeing the man that sat there as he looked up from the menu, he gave her a faint grin. "Father Ren..." Dana gulped. "Oh, hello miss Underwood." He greeted with a smile. "You work at Lando's?" Nodding her head as she pointed at the logo that sat on her chest, she smiled. "Yeah, for a quite a while now." Feeling her heart race, she only thought back to the day before, legs wanting to shift. "It's better than working at Jabba's." She stated. "Jabba's?" Ren questioned. "It's kind of club with a bar, but I heard it doesn't pay well and the owner is quite...disrespectful to the woman kind." Dana sighed as Ren slowly nodded his head. "That's unfortunate to hear...I'm glad you don't work there, it wouldn't have been a good choice for a young woman such as yourself." He spoke as Dana tried her hardest not to make her sudden erratic breathing obvious. "Filthy men would've been all over you with no respect for your personal space." Nodding, Dana swallowed. "Thank you...and I'm sure my father would have disowned me if I had." She lightly shrugged as Ren raised a brow. "Disown?" He questioned. "Jabba's is more of a...strip club if you must." She stated, looking down at her pad. "So, yes, disown." Dana chuckled as a small smile crept on Ren's lips at the sound of it. "Then I am beyond glad to hear that you don't work there, miss Underwood. You must know how precious your body is, you can't just give it to any man." Feeling her heart skip a beat as her throat locked, Dana slowly looked over at him. "Of course, unless you want to." Growing stiff as she knew exactly what he had been referring to, she only loosened up as she fixed her posture. "Of course, Father Ren, I wouldn't just open to any man." Leaning a hand on the table with a small smirk on her lips, Dana's voice lowered. "They must be worthy enough to touch me, let alone, be inside of me." Seeing the man blink as his grip on the menu tightened, she smiled. "Are you ready to order?" "N-not yet...just water." He nodded as she nodded back. "Will do, Father." Walking off a she had turned on a heel, Ren's eyes followed her as he gulped. He had walked right into that one. Looking down at his pants as he saw the sudden bulge, he shifted in his spot. "Not now, Ren..." He muttered to himself, hoping no one would notice it. "Not now." Smiling to herself as she walked over to the bar, a man sitting there with knitted brows watched her. "What's got you happy?" Looking over, she shrugged. "It's a good day." Turning around to get the water, Dana had only wandered if she was going to see Ren around often, seeing as how the town was pretty small. "Already? You just started your shift." The curly brunet spoke as she placed the cup on a tray, turning around and smirking. "There's no say I can't be optimistic about a shift, Poe." She chuckled before walking off. Seeing as the blonde walked away, Poe's attention turned to that of the man walking back towards him, taking a seat on the stool beside him. "I am so right." "Right about what?" Finn asked as he followed the direction Poe had been looking in. "Dana?" "She definitely got laid, there's no need to be that happy unless she sincerely is having a good day." Poe stated as Finn raised a brow, watching as she placed the cup down on the table with a grin. "Do you think that's the dude she fucked?" Finn questioned as Poe narrowed his brows the slightest. "Could be? I wonder how he looks, I can only see the back of his head..." Poe muttered, leaning back and forward, trying to get a better view. "And what exactly are you two doing?" Rey asked as she had blocked their view, the two groaning. "Poe suspects that Dana screwed that guy over there and that's why she's so happy." Finn stated as Rey raised an eyebrow. "Screwed? Happy? She's happy?" She asked as the two nodded. "Who are you talking about?" Pointing over, Poe nudged his head. "That dude over there, the guy sitting alone that she's waiting." Placing down the tray in her hold, Rey turned around, eye's widening. "You mean Kylo?!" She nearly shrieked as Poe and Finn exchanged confused looks. "Kylo?" The two chimed. "Yes, that's Kylo! That's why I didn't wait him, I didn't want to speak to him." She huffed, watching as Dana had been taking the mans order. "No way!" Poe exclaimed. "Dana fucked a Father!" "Stop-stop saying that! She did not." Rey growled between gritted teeth as Poe laughed. "This isn't something to be laughing about, Poe. And you know that!" "I'm sorry, it's just...out of all men, why did it have to be him? Is he that charming? I mean, what's charming about being a Father?" Poe snickered. "She's a sneaky one, that Dana..." "Stop it, just...just stop it, that's so gross, Poe." Rey pinched the bridge of her nose, walking around the bar to refill cups. "Dana is just being very social, okay? She's a very outgoing person, that's why she's being so...radiant." Rey insisted as Poe rolled his eyes, Finn only scoffing. "We all know that's not it." Finn spoke up. "Not with her mannerisms. Sure, she's social, but she wouldn't look at just anyone the way she's looking at Ren-" "Just give it up, guys! Jeez!" Rey shouted, storming off with her tray as the two sighed. "She's in denial." Poe stated, the two still watching Dana. "Will that be all?" Dana asked as Ren nodded, sliding her pen into her apron as she went to grab the menu, fingers brushed against one another as chills ran down Kylo's spine. "Thank you." He lightly smiled as Dana grinned back, about to turn around and leave, only for Kylo to clear his throat. "Miss Underwood?" Turning back around, she gave him a smile. "Yes?" "Would you mind showing me around town? I haven't been in Swallowtail in over a decade and so much has changed since then..." Ren spoke up, fingers interlocking as his hands lied on the table surface. "Of course, if you feel uncomfortable doing so, I understand...I just believe you'd be best to show me around." Nodding her head, Dana's smile grew. "Oh, I wouldn't mind. It isn't like we're doing anything wrong, of course." She stated as Ren nodded. "My shift is over by seven." "I could pick you up?" Shaking his head, Ren cleared his throat. "Sorry, that would seem a bit strange if I were to show up at your door and your parents answered it." "It's fine, they'll be coming home late tonight." She nodded. Pulling her pen back out, she reached over the table for a napkin as Ren's eyes gazed over her. "This is my address, it isn't hard to find, we live five minutes away from the church." Writing it down, she then slid the napkin over to him. "If you get lost, which I highly doubt, you can call me." Tapping the napkin with the back of her pen, Ren's eyes trailed to the number written. "Thank you, I'm sure I wont." He nodded. "See you then." With a smile, Dana turned around to place his order in, Ren's attention shifting from her, over to the napkin as he held onto it. Was he really going to allow himself to get close to someone? Especially after what happened the day before? Sighing to himself, Kylo only pushed his hand through his hair, folding up the napkin and sliding it into his pocket. He didn't know what it was, but it felt right knowing her...even if what the two had done (and possibly were going to do) was wrong. . . . Anxiously looking down at her watch as she tapped her foot, Dana let out a breath. Time had been going painfully slow throughout her shift. What she had thought to be an hour was actually fifteen minutes. She was sure the time would've gone faster with how busy she was waiting tables, but apparently time wasn't going to be sly. After serving Ren's food and tending to other tables, Dana had realized he had stayed there longer than a normal person was. It wasn't like he had been waiting for her--seeing as every time she looked over his focus was always set on his hands or lost in a gaze as if daydreaming. Even after giving him the bill and having him pay for it, he still stayed around for a bit. "Is there anything I can help you with?" Dana questioned as she watched Ren lie his chin on the palm of his head, gazing out the window. Slowly turning his attention towards her, he shook his head with a small smile before standing. "No, thank you." Looking up at the man as he stood there for a moment, staring at her, he only walked off and out of the restaurant. Furrowing her brows as she watched him walk away, she took in a deep breath. Why had he done that? Sighing, Dana heard the beep of her watch as she aimed for the backroom, untying the apron and hanging it. "Hey, are you busy?" Looking over to where the voice was emitting from, there stood Rey peeking from the doorway. "Uh, I just got off of my shift-" "I know, obviously." She shook her head with the roll of her eyes. "I mean when you leave, do you have plans?" Growing wide eyed, Dana nodded. "Oh, yeah! I have plans..." She stated as Rey slowly nodded. "Aw, alright, Finn Poe and I were gonna hang out at Poe's. If anything, you should stop by later!" Rey smiled as Dana smiled back. "Yeah, totally." Opening up her locker and grabbing her things, she looked back at Rey. "I'll let you know if anything." Shutting the locker door, Dana clocked out before waving. "See you later!" Waving back and watching Dana exit, Rey sighed. "Aha! I knew it!" Finn popped up. "No, I knew it." Poe stated as he had leaned against the wall. "It's him, they have plans, I'm calling it." "No, it could be anyone, Dana knows a lot of people." Rey rolled her eyes, walking over to her locker as she went to grab her things. "Why are you in denial?" Poe grinned as he followed in. "What's the worst that could happen?" He shrugged as Rey narrowed her eyes, shifting her jaw as she turned around. "Uh oh..." Finn gulped. "What the hell do you mean whats the worst?! If it's true, then she's fucking a Father. A Father , Poe! That could get him expelled and her in a world of trouble with her parents! Let alone, the church! She would be singled out, the towns people will never see her the same!" Rey exclaimed as Poe sighed. "It isn't like she is innocent like they all make her be." He muttered as Rey growled. Slamming her locker, she tugged on her jacket as she held onto her keys. "You two are a pair of dumbasses, you know that?" Seeing the two nod as Poe shrugged, Rey groaned. "There's more to it, I know it." Poe stood up straight from leaning against the doorway, crossing his arms. "It isn't just about them getting caught, is it?" Sighing, Rey looked away and rubbed her face. "You know how Kylo is...you know his ways. You know what he does-" "That doesn't make us any better, Rey. And we are her closest friends." Poe stated as she let out a breath. "I know, but the way he does it is...is all wrong. He doesn't hold back, he doesn't have a guilty conscious about the things he does." Rey nearly mumbled as Finn watched her, Poe taking in a breath. Walking over to her, Poe unfolded his arms. "And I am very well aware of that, we all are-" "Except Dana..." Finn added as the two glared at him. "What? We have to keep it that way, don't we? She doesn't deserve to be in this mess." "That's the thing!" Rey threw her hands up. "If she gets too attached to him, if they get too close, she might as well be a target herself!" Holding onto Rey's arms, Poe looked into her eyes. "Hey, it won't happen. She's known us for quite a while, she's known you for ages...she's doing just fine, alright?" Poe stated as Rey slowly nodded, a frown growing on her lips. "We can't hold her back from befriending him, or do whatever it is she's doing, but we can watch out for her." "Plus, I'm sure she's smart enough not to make any dumb moves that are obvious that she's too close and personal with Kylo...the Father." Finn added as he walked over. "And I'm sure he's not stupid enough to put her in harms way...even if he's quite the problem himself." "I'm...I'm just afraid she'll be attacked, that they'll come for her for knowing him. I'm afraid she will get hurt knowing Ren. What if they do get really close? What if she becomes his weakness? They will go after her, Finn." Rey gulped. "They won't, and if they do, we will be there to protect her." Finn nodded. "He will be there, too, if she ends up being in such position." Rubbing her face again, Rey threw her head back in frustration. "I just...I don't want it to get to that point. She needs to avoid getting that attached." Looking back ahead, Rey inhaled. "It can't...it won't...she knows it's wrong to get attached to a man with his title." "We'll just have to hope she does." Looking into the body mirror, Dana eyed her outfit, turning from side to side as she pouted the slightest. "Overall dresses are cute..." She reassured herself. "I don't want to be all out there." Looking at the clock on her nightstand, she sucked in a breath. "Now is not the time to be indecisive when all you're doing is walking around the town. Overalls and a crop top will suffice." Turning on her heel as she pulled on her thigh-high socks, she slipped into her shoes. Walking over to her bathroom and reapplying her lipstick, she pursed her lips as she leaned in to the mirror, only to smile out of content. Hearing a knock on the door, Dana shut off the lights to her bathroom before grabbing her purse from her bed. Rushing out and down the stairs, she sped over to the door before unlocking and opening it. "I told you I wouldn't get lost." Ren smiled as his hands were stuffed into his jackets pockets. "I can see." She smiled, only to turn her head as she heard jingling coming from beside her. "This is buddy." Dana introduced, eyeing the dog. "Buddy?" Ren lightly chuckled. "I was young when I named him, alright?" She chuckled, looking back up at him. "Bye, buddy!" She waved as the dog stared at Kylo, only for Dana to shut the door. "I forgot to ask this earlier, but are you allowed to wear whatever you want outside of church?" Shrugging as he walked alongside her to his car, he nodded. "Swallowtail does things...differently. Very differently." Stopping at the car, she looked over at it. " Clearly ." "Well, Swallowtail is a very...unique town." She nodded as Ren opened up the passenger door, allowing her in. "It's like a black hole, people try and leave and when they do they always end up getting sucked back in." Getting in to the car, Dana then mumbled. "And some can never get out." Narrowing his brows, Kylo shut the door before walking around, over to the drivers seat. "I'm sure there is a way." Scoffing, Dana let out a laugh. "Not to sound like a downer but yeah, it's death." Shaking his head as he fought a smile, Kylo backed out of the drive way and drove into town. "I'm sure there are other ways." . . . "The only liquor shop in town is literally right next to the only strip club," Dana stated. "Which, I don't know whose bright idea it was to do such thing, but here it is." Pointing up at it, Kylo looked up at the neon lights. "These two are awfully new, aren't they?" He asked. "Just a few years old, actually. Newest addition to town because apparently we need a strip club." She sighed, looking at the bright sign that spelled out Jabba's Palace, only to scrunch up her nose. "Anyway, let's keep going." Grabbing his hand and tugging him along, Kylo's attention turned from that of the sign, down to the back of her. "We've basically seen everything, except for one." Being pulled along, Ren narrowed his brows. "And what is that?" "You'll see!" She spoke over her shoulder with a smile. "It's my favorite place." Turning a few corners and walking down a few steps, Dana came to a stop. "It's a nighttime cafe, it's absolutely beautiful." Eyeing his surroundings, seeing the roofless cafe that was surrounded by nothing but greenery and tall bushes surrounding along with vine covered walls, it was nothing but nature and small black metal tables and chairs. To the left of him was a coffee bar while at the back was bookshelves. "It's very...calming, compared to everything else we've seen." "Exactly why it's my favorite place." She looked up at him. "There's a second floor back there that's meant for star gazing and movie nights." Dana nodded. "It's a pretty secluded place, makes it feel like you're no longer in Swallowtail." "Is that why you like it so much?" Ren looked down at her as she nodded once again, turning her attention back ahead. "If it isn't here, it's on rooftops. Anywhere I can be lost within the stars." Dana stated, only to laugh. "Wow, that sounded so poetic." "Dana? Father Ren?" Growing wide eyed, Dana quickly let go of Ren's hand before turning around. "What are you two doing here?" Raising her brows, Dana forced a grin. "Mrs. Rutherford!" She faked excitement. "I was just showing Father Ren around town since he hasn't gotten the chance to see everything." She nodded as Kylo looked at her, then over to the older woman and nodded. "Ah, yes. I had ran into her on my night stroll as she was leaving the theater. I kindly asked if she'd show me a few place so I would know for future references." He bowed his head as Dana's heart raced, hoping the woman hand't see them holding hands. It wasn't like it was intentional, Dana just forget she was even holding it. Smiling, the older woman placed a hand on Dana's shoulder. "That is very kind of you, Dana. I'm sure Father Ren is very grateful." She turned her attention to Ren as she bowed her head. "Yes, of course." He nodded before turning to face Dana. "Thank you, again, Miss Underwood. I appreciate you taking the time to show me around." Bowing, he then turned to the older woman. "It was nice seeing you, Mrs. Rutherford." At that, he walked off, leaving Dana there with knitted brows. Did he really just leave her? "Something wrong, dear?" Shifting her eyes from Ren's back, over to Mrs. Rutherford, Dana shook her head. "Of course not, I just realized I had to get going." She smiled. "Good seeing you!" With a wave, Dana walked in the opposite direction, not wanting to make it obvious. "He could've at least excused himself to the bathroom..." She muttered, walking along the side walk as she crossed her arms, shivering the slightest as the temperature had dropped. Forgetting how empty the town got after certain hours, even if it had been a Saturday, Dana cursed under her breath at how dark it was. Certain parts of the town were poorly lit due to inactivity (and the fact that the mayor was too lazy to get people to change the light) which didn't make the situation any better. The moonlight was a better light source than the actual lamps themselves, illuminating her surroundings a bit more. As much as she knew the town inside and out, she never truly enjoyed walking out all alone, not when it was too quiet and too dark. Sucking in her breath, her heart suddenly plummeted to her stomach as she came to a stop. Furrowing her brows at the sudden feeling, she looked around to see nothing that would cause her instincts to go haywire. Sighing, she continued walking. Slowly and quietly creeping from behind her, lurking in the shadows, a figured had been watching her lone self. Careful with its movements, it hid in plain sight every time she had looked over. Her instincts were going crazy, stomach turning with every step she took as her anxiety nagged at her. She couldn't comprehend as to why she had been feeling such way. It was like what she had felt the day before. Quickening up her pace, she nearly sprinted down the sidewalk, lightly panting as fear coursed through her veins. Whatever it was that her instincts were warning her about, she was going to listen to them. "This is not what I need." Looking over her shoulder once more, Dana looked back ahead only to gasp and trip. Growing wide eyed at the same dark figure she had seen just the day before in the mirror, she gulped. Seeing as it was about to lunge forward, she only felt someone latch onto her upper arms and pull her up. "Are you okay?" Hearing the familiar voice, she looked over to see Ren. Looking back ahead as the figure was gone, her racing heart began to ease along with her erratic breathing. "I-I..." Looking around, she only turned to face him as he had let go one of her arms. "I got scared, a cat ran by and came out of nowhere so..." She lied as Ren nodded. "Be careful, I don't want you walking out all alone on these empty streets." Rubbing his thumb on the arm he had still been holding, she sighed. "It wouldn't have happened if you hadn't left." Dana stated, rubbing her forehead as Kylo lightly narrowed his brows. "I was going to wait it out until she had left, but then when I looked back over I saw you walking away already." Shaking her head as she patted away the dirt from the back of her overalls, Kylo sighed. "Hey, I wasn't going to just leave behind on your own." Tightening his grip the slightest, Dana took in a deep breath before looking back up at him. Seeing the sincerity in his eyes as he looked down at her, she nodded. "I wouldn't allow it, anything could happen to you...especially since you're so young and-" Cutting himself off, he gulped. Blinking, Dana's brow raised. "And?" "And...and an easy target." Narrowing her eyes at him, she then rolled them. "I'm serious, Dana." About to walk on, Kylo gently tugged her back. "That's obviously not what you were going to say before, but okay. I appreciate the concern and thank you for coming back, but I'm not an easy target." She stated, crossing her arms as Ren still held onto one. "Just because I dress cute doesn't not make me an easy target. It's the fact that sickos can't keep to themselves." "You know what I meant-" "Wait..." She interrupted as Ren furrowed his brows. "Did you just call me by my first name?" Dana lightly smirked. "Uh...I-" "You did...didn't you?" She smiled as Kylo shook his head, cheeks burning the slightest. "That doesn't matter now-" "Oh, right, what matters is what you actually meant when you said and ." Dana raised a brow as Kylo sighed. "Either it's you calling me Dana rather than Miss Underwood...or, what you really wanted to say." Letting go of her arm, he walked past her. "Nothing, you heard nothing and I wanted to say nothing." He stubbornly spoke as Dana groaned, turning around and following him. "It's no big deal if you called me by my first name, I'm just a bit surprised as to why since you're always formal. And I really am curious as to what you actually meant." She rushed to his side as he rolled his eyes with a scoff. "You are such a child. Does it really matter that I call you by your first name and didn't finish my sentence before?" He nearly snapped. "This isn't some sort of high school crush nor is it anything to mess with when we both know it's wrong so let it be." Coming to a stop at his car, Dana frowned the slightest, letting out a small breath. Pulling the door open and getting in the car before he could help her, she shut it before him as she kept her focus ahead. Letting out a heavy breath as he watched her expression drop, Ren only shook his head, feeling guilty for snapping for no real reason. Hearing the door close as she could see Ren sitting in the drivers seat in her peripheral view, she simply ignored and clenched her jaw. Sure, compared to him she must've been a child, but not literally. She was legal and was considered an adult, he really had no right to call her such thing--even if she was only nineteen. Watching her chest heave out of sudden frustration, Kylo quickly unbuckled his seat belt before leaning over and unbuckling her own. Grabbing onto the side of her face as his other hand kept him balanced, Kylo turned her head to face him. Pressing his lips against her own as her once narrowed eyes grew in size, Dana's heart fluttered. Shutting her eyes as she kissed back, Kylo's hand moved to the back of her head as his fingers got lost in her hair, pulling her closer to the point she was now straddling him in his seat. Moving his hand to her hip as the other grabbed a fistful of her hair, Dana held onto his cheeks as her lips moved against his, light pants here and there as the kiss grew deeper and deeper. "What I wanted...to say...was-" Speaking in between kisses, Dana bit on his bottom lip before he continued. "-and you're beautiful." Slowly stopping, Kylos eyes fell open as Dana had leaned away from the kiss, looking down at him and into either of his eyes. "Why didn't you say it before?" Taking in small breaths, his hand fell from her hair, down to the back of her neck. "Because...I am trying so hard not to let this get any further but it just happens. I know how wrong it is and know how much trouble we'd be in if we ever got caught...it's just, it's hard not falling for you. Even when I've only known you for two days." Ren stated as Dana's heart skipped a beat. "Does time really matter?" Grabbing onto the wrist of the hand that held the back of her neck, she only leaned in. "It's what you feel that matters." Slamming her lips back against his own, her hand roamed around his chest. Removing his jacket as he had lifted up her dress, his hands lied on the side of her thighs, under the strap of her underwear as his fingers pressed against the skin of her hips. While the windows began to fog as moans echoed throughout the now slightly rocking car, either of them had hoped that no one would notice the lonesome car. Even if they were feeling the upmost ecstasy the two could possibly give one another, it didn't block out the weariness they had of being caught. Grinding her hips as Dana's hand now lied on the back of Kylos neck as his own slid up along the soft exposed skin of her upper thighs and part of her stomach, she pressed a hand against the foggy window as she moaned into the heated kiss. Constantly thrusting and kissing as Kylo gently tugged on her hair here and there, sometimes finding himself feeling her delicate skin against the palm of his hands and tips of his fingers, the two had found themselves panting as Kylo (eventually) drove Dana back home. "I'm sorry for going off on you." Ren spoke over to her as he parked on the street in front of her house. "It's just...well, you already know." Nodding her head, Dana smiled. "What feelings?" She narrowed her brows with a smirk. "Father Ren is just a Father and Miss Underwood is just a follower." With a wink, she leaned forward to kiss his cheek. "Goodnight, Father Ren." "Goodnight, Miss Underwood." Watching her leave the car, he took in a deep breath before exhaling, heart thudding as his face grew hot. "Goodnight..." Driving off as Dana had opened the front door and waved, she only walked in and shut the door behind her. "Buddy!" Surprised the dog hadn't been at the door, she called again. "Buddy!" Getting no response as she didn't hear his collar jingle, she furrowed her eyebrows. "Mom? Dad?" Hearing nothing, she frowned. Her mothers car was in the driveway, and so was her fathers, so where were they. "Mom?" Walking towards the kitchen, there had been no sign. "Mom! Dad!" Walking up the steps, she grew worried. "Buddy!" Making it to the top, her eyes then landed on the shaking dog as it sat at the door of her room. "Buddy, what's wrong?" She asked as the dog only sat there, trembling. Sighing, she opened the door to her bedroom as the dog instantly stood by her side. "Where the hell are they?" Walking over to her parents bedroom as the dog followed alongside her, she opened the door to see their bed completely empty and fixed. "Mom?" Hearing water dripping, her attention turned to that of the bathroom, door slightly open. "Mom, come on, are you seriously having a bath right now?" Aiming for the door as the dog walked forward and stopped at it before her, she raised her brow. "Come on, Buddy, move." Walking around him, she pushed the door open, letting out a sigh of relief. "Of course you're having a bath, are you listening to music? Is that why you can't hear me?" Walking over to the bath, Dana's heart plummeted. Eyes widening as her chest instantly heaved with staggered breathing, her heart raced as an ear piercing scream left her lungs. "MOM?!" Chapter 3 : Anything For You Notes: mentions of blood/gore and death Feeling chills run down her spine as her body began to violently tremble, Dana's breathing grew erratic at the sight of the rather bloody bath with her mothers corpse in it. Blinking at the sight as the newfound tears burned in her eyes, Dana's shaky hand reached out. "No...no, please..." Slowly walking closer, she gulped "Please..." Looking over and seeing her throat slit open, a loud gasp escaped Dana's now parted lips. Covering her mouth, she quickly grabbed the dog and rushed out of the room, aiming for the home phone in her parents room as she called the police. "Hello?! Hello?! There-there's been a-a murder my-my...I walked in to my mother's body in-in the bath tub!" Trying to catch her breath as she panted, the person on the other line spoke. "No, no! She has her throat open! No, there's no sign of intrusion! No, she was not suicidal! There were no weapons! S-someone must've broken in or walked in when she hadn't noticed! I-I don't know but please send somebody now!" Giving her address, she felt the phone drop from her grip as she stood there, eyes set on the bathtub in the distance as she continuously blinked away tears. Hearing light whimpering coming from her dog, she slid down the side of her parents bed and plopped onto the floor. She should've stayed home, she should've been there, maybe then her mother wouldn't have been gruesomely murdered. Maybe then she wouldn't be in her position now. But where was her father? His car was there but he was nowhere to be found and she knew for a fact it wasn't him because the two had been fine. Sure, they had their arguments here and there, but it wasn't recently. Holding the dog close to her as she waited, she instant jumped at the sound of the doorbell, rushing down the stairs and over to it to see a pair of police officers. "Are you the one who-" "Y-yes! Upstairs!" Pointing up, the cops walked ahead. "I-I came home and was calling for anyone but no one responded and-and my dog was shaking and one thing lead to the next and-and I found my mother in there!" Stopping at the hallway of the bedroom that lead to the bathroom, Dana pointed. "We will take it from here." One of the officers lifted up a hand as she stayed glued to the ground, unable to see the sight again as it was engraved into her brain. Unable to move a single muscle as more and more officers came in along with forensics and detectives, Dana was now sat outside at an ambulance truck with a blanket wrapped around her, wide eyes in a gaze as she suddenly heard commotion. "That's my wife! That's my wife!" Looking up, she instantly saw her father as a body bag was being rolled out. "That's my wife!" He cried out, Dana instantly standing up, removing the blanket and rushing over. "D-dad!" Grabbing onto his arm as he reached for the bag, she only tugged him back. "Dad! Dad, where were you?! Why weren't you home?!" She spoke with narrowed brows. "I had to go into town with the neighbors because they needed help picking up some furniture! I had only left her for fifteen minutes!" He shook his head. "Dad, dad it's been-it's been almost an hour since I found her." Dana spoke as he blinked down at her. "An-an hour?" His voice faltered. "I-I could have sworn..." Shaking his head as he shoved his face into his hands, Dana held tightly onto his arm. "Mr. Underwood?" Looking up, her father nodded. "Yes?" He looked down at the police detective. "We need to take you in for questioning." Feeling an officer pull her from his side, Dana blinked. "Wh-wh-...he didn't do it!" She called out. "Ma'am, no one said he did but we need to take him in, he is a suspect." The officer raised a hand at her as Dana's brows narrowed. "I would never harm my wife! I would never think about hurting her!" He exclaimed as Dana shook her head, trying to rush after her father but one of the officers held her back. "Dad, j-just tell them what you told me!" She called out as they put him into one of their cars. "Dad!" Seeing the car drive off, Dana's heart sank, the officer letting her go as she stood there feeling lost. Noticing the sound of police sirens and an ambulance, Ren had found himself watching the direction they had been going. At first, he had assumed it was just some other incident, one that he'd pray for, so he left it be and returned home; but something made his stomach turn as if his instincts had kicked in. Getting back into his car, he drove back the direction he had came in. He had hoped nothing had happened to Dana the second he had left. Parking his car along the sides as he noticed the number of officers and other officials--including a news station surrounding her house, Ren instantly searched for Dana. Shoving past the curious neighbors and officers answering questions along with those who had been holding people back, his eyes instantly landed on the blonde. "Dana..." Releasing a sigh in relief, he rushed to her side as she stood there, tears sliding down her cheek as she slowly turned around, looking at the emergency truck that now held her mother's deceased body. Taking in shaky breaths, a hand instantly held onto her own as her head turned around, seeing Ren there. "D-" Before he could finish, he was instantly engulfed into a hug as she cried into his chest. Unsure of what happened, Kylo studied his surroundings, seeing her houses main door wide open, forensics walking in and out along with officers. Then his eyes turned over to the emergency truck they had been closing, a body bag being held inside. Realizing that her father was missing, he blinked. Hearing her cry and hiccup as her breath continuously hitched, Ren rubbed her back as she held tightly onto his shirt. "S-someone k-killed her." She stuttered. "S-someone murdered my m-mother!" She cried as Ren's grip around her tightened. "Come on, let's take you somewhere else." Walking her away from the sight as he hoped everyone was too distracted from the commotion to even notice he was there, he stopped at his car. "Hey, hey...listen, I'm here. Alright? You'll be safe with me, I promise." He nodded as he had now held onto her cheeks, wiping away the ever flowing tears. "No one will hurt you, okay? You are safe." Nodding her head, Dana embraced him once more before getting into his car. Sitting beside him as the entire ride he held her hand, Dana found herself staring out the window, sniffling here and there as her chest heaved. Kylo had feared he knew what had been the cause to her mother's death--he just didn't want to believe it. "This is my place," He spoke, holding onto her hand as the two stood in front of the loft. "I surprisingly don't live next to or in the church, but at least I don't have to pay for the loft." Eyeing the area as the two stood in the doorway, Kylo gently tugged her in as he shut the door behind the two. "You can sleep in my room if you'd like and I'll sleep down here on the couch." He nodded, pointing over the the metal spiral staircase. "I...what do I wear?" She asked, Ren walking her over and up the steps, standing in front of the rather large glass block windows the lightly illuminated the room from the shining moonlight. "You can wear one of my shirts, I'm sure they're big enough." He nodded, letting go of her hand for a moment as he went over to one of his drawers, pulling out a grey v-neck and handing it to her. "The bathroom is in there if you need it," He pointed to the door in the corner. Nodding her head, she didn't even bother to move to the bathroom, simply undressing herself then and there as Kylo looked over, only to look away as she was just in her undergarments. Pulling the shirt over her head as she gathered her clothes, she turned to Ren only to see his back facing her. "You didn't have to look away..." She stated as he slowly turned around, seeing her standing there in just his shirt and feeling his heart leap. "I wanted to respect your privacy..." Seeing her raise a brow, he cleared his throat. "Even if we've had sexual interactions twice." Shaking her head with a small sigh, she stuck out her arms. "What do I do with them?" Looking at the clothes, Kylo only grabbed onto them. "I can clean them for you and tomorrow morning take you back to your house." He nodded. "Thank you." She nodded back, walking over to the bed and rubbing her arms as she fell cold. "If you need anything just call for me," He stated as Dana went under the sheets. "Goodnight." "Wait, where are you going?" She furrowed her brows as Kylo was about to walk back down the steps, only to turn and face her. "To sleep downstairs?" Seeing her shake her head as she nervously played with he sheets, she looked down for a moment. "Can...can you stay with me? Please?" Taking in small, deep breaths, she gulped. "I just...I don't want to be left alone, not now." "O-of course." He nodded his head slowly, leaving her clothes on top of his dresser. Going to grab a change of clothes, Kylo went into his bathroom and changed into boxers and a plain white t-shirt. Walking back out to see her sitting there, staring at the sheets, she only turned her head over as he walked towards the bed. "Thank you..." Seeing him slide under the sheets next to her, the two lied down, facing one another in a silence. "How did you know what was going on?" Dana spoke. "I saw the police and ambulance head in the direction I had came from...but I didn't think much until I had a gut feeling." Taking in a deep breath, she nodded. "And you came." Seeing him slowly nod back, she moved closer to him, resting her head close to his chest as she could feel his warmth radiate off of him. "Thank you..." She softly thanked as Kylo lied there, contemplating whether or not to hold onto her. Taking in a deep breath, he pulled her in closer as an arm wrapped around her waist. "Anything for you." . . . " Dana...Dana...Dana! " Hearing the familiar voice call out as she was sat in a room void of color, her sleeping figure's brows narrowed. "Dana! They-they're coming!" Searching for the voice but seeing no one, they continuously called out. "Dana! You must go!" Feeling herself fall into a state of panic, her breathing grew erratic. " DANA! " Forcing herself awake as her eyes fluttered, she took in a deep breath as she looked up at Kylo. Sighing in relief, she rested her head back against his chest, falling back to sleep. That is, of course, until she was pulled back in to the nightmare. Standing surrounded by darkness, Dana gulped as she looked around. The sound of water dripping from afar caught her attention as she narrowed her eyes. Trying to focus on the light that suddenly appeared, beaming down on a tub, she slowly walked over. Feeling the goosebumps arise all along her body as she shivered, she came to a stop as an arm was dangled over the side. Taking in a deep breath as she blinked, fear coursed through her veins. Looking over and taking one more step, the sight of the pool of blood caused her breathing to quicken along with her heart race. Growing closer as all she saw was the top of someones head, she lightly panted. "M-mom?" She stuttered, the figures hand lightly twitching. "Mom?" Bending forward, she instantly fell back as it lifted its head up, a smile on their lips as their eyes were pitch black; whatever it was, it was not her mother. "Mommy isn't here anymore." Crawling back as it stood up from the tub, now covered in blood, Dana panicked. "Come, Dana, join mommy." Sticking their hand out, Dana shook her head. "Join us...I promise you, you will be able to see mommy again." Shaking her head continuously, she tried to stand up, only for a pair of hands to appear from the ground, pulling her wrists back down as she fell back. "N-no!" "You know you want to." It grinned. "You could be one of us." "L-leave me alone!" She cried out, tugging her wrists away. "Leave me alone!" Feeling her breath hitch as she tugged and tugged, tears streamed down her cheeks as she yelled out, "LEAVE ME ALONE!" Sitting up on the bed as she violently shook, she looked around the place only to see she was now awake. "Dana?" Seeing her taking in heavy, deep breaths, Ren sat up and gently placed his hands on her upper arms. "Hey, it's a nightmare, okay? You're fine now." He spoke as she slowly nodded, trying to catch her breath as she had been whimpering. "It's alright, I'm here." Turning around and moving into his chest as she embraced him, Ren wrapped his arms around her as his fingers brushed through her hair. Lying there pressed against his body as her heart thudded against her chest, Dana tried steadying her sporadic breathing. She wasn't sure why it was she had such macabre back to back dreams, if her mother had passed away wouldn't she be dreaming about what she saw rather than some twisted fantasy? Afraid to fall back to sleep--even though her body had been craving it--Dana's eyelids only fell heavy as Kylo's fingers gently brushed along her scalp, putting her to sleep. Holding her close, Kylo took in a deep breath as he looked down at her. Only two days in and so much had already happened between the two. It felt as if he was meant to meet her, even if most of their interactions had been quite sexual, something about being around her made it feel like there was some sort of connection. Of course, the thought of it was quite foolish (at least to him) but somehow he had always found himself pondering over it. As a man of god--or at least he was supposed to be--he believed in such things like fate; so if this was anything near fate, a piece of him knew it to be true. But then there was that side of him that was kept sealed and only for his eyes to see--and, of course, another side the man had to hide from everyone . Although Dana had seen one side of Ren that wasn't supposed to ever be shown, he rather her see that than his real reason why he was back in his hometown of Swallowtail. Continuously brushing his fingers through her hair as he looked down at her, he smiled the slightest. It was all wrong, they were well aware of that, but there was something either of them made the other feel that no one else had before. And even if she was 'so young', Dana was sure no one else could make her feel the things Ren made her feel. It wasn't just the sexual pleasure, but the thought of feeling safe in someone's own arms, as if they could protect her from the world. What was strange about it was the fact that she had only known the man for less than forty-eight hours and felt as if he could keep her safe from the cruel world she had lived in. Seeing how fast asleep the young woman had become, Kylo knew that for this night, he couldn't go out there and protect his town--not when he was protecting the one person that was making her way to his heart. Especially when she had just lost her own mother. . . . Amazed at the thought that all of her dreams that night after being held in Ren's arms were absolutely nothing, Dana found herself slipping back to consciousness. Fluttering her eyes open, expecting to see Ren, she frowned the slightest as all she was greeted by was the bright daylight shinning in and the sight of an empty spot on the bed. Sitting up as she yawned, stretching out her arms and then rubbing her face, the sound of light footsteps hitting against the metal staircase caught her attention. Looking over and seeing Ren, a small smile formed on her lips as he then looked over, heart skipping a beat at the sight of her. "I'm sorry I wasn't there when you woke up, I thought I'd make you food before we left." Walking over with a stack of folded clothes, the man placed them in front of her on the bed. "Is that-" "I cleaned them this morning so no one would question as to why you are in such shirt. You could shower and change if you want before we go." He nodded as she smiled. "What time is it?" She asked as Kylo looked at his watch. "Half past eight in the morning, I'm sorry that it's so early-" "Oh, no, that's fine." She nodded with a smile. "I hope they released my father already...I want them to search for the person who had done it." Her voice lowered the slightest as Kylo's facial expressions grew soft. "I'm sure they're on it." He spoke as she looked up at him, giving him a halfhearted smile. "Thank you, again, for having me here. I wouldn't have been able to sleep in that house alone...and I'm sure the police wouldn't have allowed me either." Dana breathed as Kylo watched her. "Where will you be staying now that it's a crime scene? Will your father want to stay in the house still?" He curiously asked as Dana sighed. "I highly doubt he will let go of the house easily, he's been living in it for quite a while, before I was born...plus, he's too attached to this town." She spoke. "What about you? You're an adult...will you be moving?" His voice nearly faltered, Dana's attention moving to her hands, then back up to Kylo. "I...I'm not sure." She shrugged the slightest. "I always say I want to leave this place...but I have good friends here and my fathers all I have left for my family and I...I have you now." Gulping the slightest at her last four words, Kylo took in a quiet, deep breath. "But this town is getting worse and I've just lost my mother and it's hard not to move." "I think you should do what's best for you." He lightly spoke. "And what would that be?" "Whatever you think it is. If you want to move, move. If you want to stay, then stay. No one is holding you back from doing what you want, you're legal, you can make your own decisions." Ren stated. "And wherever you go, god will be by your side." Smiling the slightest as if she wanted to laugh, Dana let out a small sigh. "It's kind of hard hearing you speak like that when we've screwed twice." Looking down at her and fighting the urge to smile, Kylo only sat in front of her. "I know, but...I am the Father." "Yes...I know." She nodded. "Funny how we're back at square one and I'm feeling the slightest of lost again." "It's only been two days, almost three, you're still finding your way around." Lying a hand on her knee, Dana took in a deep breath. "If I do stay...would you be happy?" She asked as Kylo simply blinked, then slowly nodded. "And if I go...would you be sad?" Shifting his eyes away for a moment, Kylo couldn't seem to even imagine the idea of her moving away. "Would you like my honest opinion?" He questioned, looking back up and seeing her nod. "Yes." She gulped. "Then, yes." Feeling her heart sink, Dana's brows lightly scrunched up. "I would miss you and your company. Even if it's only been three days that I have gotten to know you, I have truly appreciated you and your companionship." He spoke as Dana felt a smile growing on her lips. "I will not lie, I will also very much miss our little rendezvous...and being able to be so intimate with you; but if you are happy with moving away...then I will be happy for you." Sitting up as she sweetly smiled at him, Dana only leaned over and wrapped her arms around his neck, pressing a kiss against his cheek as Ren sat there, the slightest of stunned. "I appreciate your honesty." She nearly mumbled as he had slowly snaked his arms around her small waist. "I don't think there'd be any other man out there like you. I mean, what man truly wants to protect his woman if all he seems to want is sex?" She questioned. "We started off such way, but you always seem to be there for me..." "It's called being a gentlemen." He spoke into the hug. "And not many man are like that anymore." "Exactly..." She breathed. "How can I leave when I've just met such a gentleman?" Hearing her words caused his chest to ache as his grip around her tightened the slightest before pushing away. "After all, this newfound relationship we have...I don't think I could find it elsewhere." Looking at her, Ren's eyes studied her face. "I hope not." Seeing her smile once again, Kylo leaned in. "I wouldn't want to leave it." Noticing how close the man had grown, Dana's heart fluttered. "Neither do I." Closing the small gap as she pressed her lips against his own, Kylo had both hands pressed against the mattress either side of Dana as one of her hands held onto the back of his neck. Sharing a rather sweet and intimate kiss, Dana's stomach growled. Pushing away, she awkwardly chuckled. "I should eat." Seeing Ren nod, he stood up and grabbed her hand, pulling her up and out of the bed, down the spiral steps and over to the kitchen. "I wasn't sure what kind of breakfast you liked so I stuck to basic eggs, bacon, and pancakes." He spoke over to her, still holding her hand as he moved to the island table. "Go crazy." Looking at the food, her stomach growled once again, taking a seat on one of the stools as her hand slid from Kylo's hold. "I might as well to satisfy my stomach." Serving herself as Kylo sat beside her, her mouth nearly watered at the smell of it all, not realizing how much she had been starving. "Thank you for this." "Anytime." . . . Pulling up to the barren home, eyeing the crime scene tape that was wrapped like a fence around the house, Dana took in a deep breath. "I'm not going to look at it the same..." She nearly muttered as she looked out the car window, Kylo looking at her. "If you ever need a place to stay...my home is always open to you." He spoke as Dana turned to face him, her slight frown turning into a gentle smile. "Thank you." Looking back out the window, she pushed the door open and walked out. Aiming for the front door, her hand hovered over the handle. She was well aware she had none of her personal belongings on her--let alone her keys--it felt almost as if she were walking into a ghost home rather than her home. Hearing Ren's footsteps, his hand interlocked with her free one, giving it a small squeeze for reassurance. "I'll be right here." Nodding her head, she held onto the handle and pushed the door open, knowing very well it had been like that all night due to the police and detectives. "It doesn't feel the same..." She spoke, entering her home. "It all looks the same...but the feeling isn't there." "The newfound emptiness is something tough to get used to." Kylo spoke. "It will take you a while, but eventually you will grow accustomed to it." Looking over at a few frames images that sat on a glass table, Dana sighed. "I wish I never had to." Turning her attention over to the stairs, she gulped, Ren noticing and shifting each of his fingers to connect with her own like a puzzle piece. "I could go up there with you, if you don't want to go alone?" Nodding her head, Kylo lead the way, Dana slowly following behind as she felt a sort of force that didn't want her anywhere near there. "How am I supposed to live in the same place my mother was murdered?" She muttered, walking up the steps and making it to the top, coming to a stop as her eyes pooled up. "I can't look at their room the same anymore..." Her voice faltered as she eyed her parents room, shaking her head. "Hey..." Standing in front of her as he gently held her cheek, Kylo left a soft kiss on the side of her head as he then brushed away the spilling tears. "You don't have to stay here." "My father wouldn't want to sell the place...he wouldn't be able to let it go." She sucked in a breath. "And I don't have anywhere to go." Blinking, Kylo gulped. "Live with me." Feeling her heart sink, Dana's eyes widened. "L-live with you? But...but what if someone finds out? What if they see me with you?" "No one knows where I live except for a realtor, maybe the bank. Other than that, they all assume I live in the church...and I can make them continuously believe that." He nodded. "But, if you don't feel comfortable or if you feel it's too soon, I understand. I just want what's best for you." Standing there and staring at him, Dana's brows narrowed the slightest. "Why do you care for me so much? I'm just some nineteen year old girl up to no good, sinning...out of all people, you would've thought you'd be the one to snap me back into shape...not the one I'd want to sin for." Feeling his throat lock as he looked down at her, Kylo's stomach turned. It was a question he was still trying to figure out himself, something he had been asking himself since the second he had met her--let alone--laid eyes on her. "I wish I knew why." He truthfully spoke. "I really do, then I'd be able to tell you...but I can't even answer that question myself." Looking up at him, Dana's hand slid from his own, over to his shoulder as she tiptoed, free hand pulling him down by the back of his neck. Pressing a kiss against his lips for as long as she could, she pulled away, only for Kylo to pull her back in as he held onto the back of her head. If these were the only moments he could taste her lips and truly appreciate the feeling every kiss gave him, he was going to take advantage of it. "I don't understand how I have found myself in this position," You muttered against his lips, pressing a small kiss before moving back. "My mind keeps telling me this is all so very wrong, that I'm too young and that I shouldn't be doing this with a man like you...but my heart just doesn't seem to get enough." Shyly looking down, Kylo only lifted up her chin with his finger. "That's okay, my heart feels the same." Giving her one last kiss, she then smiled. "And I'll do anything to keep this our secret." He nodded as she nodded back, turning around and walking over to her room. "I think...I will take you on your offer, but not just yet." She spoke over her shoulder, looking through her purse and pulling out her phone. "I need to find my way out first." Seeing the dozens of texts and missed calls from Rey--along with Finn and Poe--Dana took in a deep breath. "What is it?" He curiously asked. "My friends..." Looking through the messages, she quickly replied apologies, making up a lie as to why she never answered. Just about to lock the phone, she only saw a voicemail from an unknown number. Pressing the phone against her ear, her brows narrowed. "What happened?" Walking closer and standing beside her, Dana gulped. "It's my dad...they won't release him, at least not anytime soon." Feeling her shoulders drop, Dana rubbed her face. "They can't just keep him there, he didn't do anything!" Turning around and storming out, Ren narrowed his brows. "Where are you going?" "To get my dad out. He did nothing wrong, there's no need to keep him locked up!" Aiming down the stairs and over to the front door, Dana pulled it open only to be engulfed by a rather tight hug. "You're okay!" Rey exclaimed, kissing the side of Dana's head. "I'm so sorry, I wish I would've known sooner I would've been right there with you the entire evening." "It's...it's alright..." Dana spoke as Rey had let go. "No, it's not." Rey shook her head. "How did you-" "I was headed home and got a call from one of the guys in my group, told me he was in your neighborhood to help out with an incident...which turned out to be at your place." Poe spoke. "Oh..." Dana slowly nodded. "And I saw it on the news...we all called you and even came over but you were nowhere to be found." Finn spoke. "I'm sorry, I had left everything here and stayed at a family friends house." Dana spoke, only to see their attention turn elsewhere. "Dana...why is he here?" Rey spoke, Dana nearly forgetting Kylo had been there. "Why are you here, Kylo?" Rey snarled. Narrowing her brows, Dana lifted up a hand. "Father Ren was giving me his condolences!" She quickly spoke. "Father Ren, hmph." Rey scoffed. "Is everything alright?" Dana asked, looking at Rey, then Finn and Poe as they all seemed the slightest of upset. "I did not mean to intrude, I was just here sending my prayers to miss Underwood." Kylo stated, walking over and coming to a stop beside Dana. "You will be in my thoughts and prayers." He spoke to her, bowing the slightest before walking past the three and out of the door as if it were nothing. Hating to see him go as all she wanted was his comfort, she held in a breath. "Why were you with him?" Finn nearly snapped. "He's just the Father of our church, there's-" "Be careful around that man." Finn warned. "What is going on with you guys?" Dana narrowed her brows. "Nothing, there's just looking out for you." Poe spoke. "Why don't we take you to your father, Snap told me they have him being held for questioning." "That's where I was about to go to..." "Good, we will take you." Rey spoke, grabbing her hand and walking Dana out. Looking over to Kylo, Dana frowned the slightest. Staring back at her for a moment with a rather disappointed look, his attention shifted over to Rey, her eyes narrow as she glared at the man. She despised him and wanted nothing to do with him--let alone, have her closest friend near him. Notes: Thanks for reading! Kudos/comments are great! + you can find me on tumblr as the user kyloholic