Coru is a war torn dwarf planet sitting just out of reach of Resistance controlled space. The First Order seized control of the planet in order to set up a main base close to Resistance territory, an easy foothold to strike quickly. However, when the First Order seized control, they did very little to police the planet, though this was not entirely intentional. The as the Resistance abandoned the planet, they destroyed the databases ventered on Coru, leaving the First Order a planet they hardly knew anything about. Most of Coru remained uncharted to them. In the absense of an authoritive figure, raiders and slavers moved in and took over rather quickly. The raiders that moved in were hardly friendly to the First Order. At the begining of the First Order take over, they mostly went unnoticed. It wasn't until the First Order had established themselves that they became an increasing problem. They were begining to disrupt supply lines, intercept cargo ships, and raid scouting outposts. High ranking officials of the First Order were quickly given a high bounty on their heads by various raider leaders. Being so unfamiliar with the planet left them at a poor disadvantage. Determined to keep their foothold on Coru, the Finalizer has been dispatched to assist with the growing problem. ****** The black columns of smoke that flooded the sky trailed down to the molten charred wreckaged scattered across the plains. A single plasma cannon shot to the main engine sent the Upsilon class command shuttle barreling into the ground nose first. Judging by the uprooted ground and torn off stabilizers that were now jutting up from the the dirt, the shuttle had rolled a good distance before coming to a complete stop. It was safe to assume that no one had survived that crash judging by the exterior damage. It was an assumption she was not going to make. Following total power loss, the magnetic locks to the ships loading ramp had failed, leaving it wide open. She lifted her torn scarf to cover her mouth and nose to block out some of the smoke that rolled out of the loading ramp as she entered. At the top of the ramp, she was met with a disturbing sight that would have emptied the contents of her stomach had she eaten anything prior. The charred corpses of two stormtroopers lay before her. The smell of burned flesh and melting plastoid combined with the smoke to create a stomach churning cloud. A high pitched gasp escaped from her as she held her breath, quickly turning to shield her eyes. The girl had turned to face the cockpit, where another immobile body lay. A small flood of hope pooled in her chest as she stepped a bit closer. The man was not in typical First Order attire, his torn black robes were quite unusual. He looked oddly familiar however, but not as though she had seen him before. Her father used to describe men and women that looked much like this when he told her stories about Jedi when she was a little girl. But they were only stories. But maybe… She narrowed her eyes. No… Jedi were only a myth. That couldn't be true. Her next breath was trapped in her throat as her heart slammed against her ribcage, the hilt of a lightsaber a foot or so away from his right hand confirmed her suspicion. She held her breath, searching for the slightest flicker of life. A wave a relief washed over the girl as she spotted the shallow but steady rise and fall of his chest. While watching this, her relief quickly ran short as she spotted the long gash across his chest, still proactively bleeding. This would have to be dealt with immediately if he were to have a chance at surviving. Continuing on to assess the severity of his injuries, it was clear that his left forearm was broken as it bent at an unnatural angle. A small trail of blood seeped from under a crack in his helmet. Although she was curious to see what that mask hid, she didn't dare remove it as it probably was filtering out the smoke and keeping him from suffocating. It was only a matter of time before scavengers maid their war her to strip the wreckage for parts. If they found him here, he would be turned over to the nearest raider camp and either executed or sold, especially since he was a Jedi. First Order or not, she couldn't leave him here. Chapter 2 The sharp breath he sucked in as he awoke was met with a splitting pain that ricocheted off every side of his ribcage before settling in the middle of his chest. He threw his head back into the cot as a pained growl ground between his teeth, hardly audible. Everything hurt. Every muscle screamed in exhaustion, begging to be put out of their misery. Any attempt to move was met with an aching resistance. His robes had been removed, leaving him only in the black pants he wore underneath. His pale skin was blotched with purple and blue lesions, bruises that only made the deep aching sensation that much worse. Under the thick layer of bandages wrapped around his chest, he could feel stitches scrapping the wrappings, painfully irritating tender skin. The tightly wrapped bandages also left little room for his bruised ribs to expand, leaving each breath more labored than it needed to be. The break in his left arm had been corrected and was braced with a splint. Dispite the growing aches, he propped himself up on his uninjured arm. Through half hazed vision his eyes wandered around the room, trying to find some sort of indicater as to where he was. It would have been more of a relief if he were surrounded by the bare black and white walls of a First Order ship but dismissing the fact that this wasn't a prison cell would have to do. The walls were lined with framed canvas paintings and shelves that house paperback books and curios. Was this somebody's home? To his right, the remains of his robes lay cleaned and neatly fold on a nightstand with his cracked helmet sitting on top of them. Beside his robes was his lightsaber, undamaged and untampered with. Leaving him unrestrained with his weapon within arms reach told him who ever brought him here had no hostile intentions. Or maybe they simply knew he was not much of a threat given his current state. "Thank you, let me know when he arrives." His attention shifted back infront of him. A slender but shapely girl slipped in through the canvas slit before him, carrying a tray with various medical supplies and water. Her curled platinum blonde hair was tied back into a messy bun. Her cherry red lips parted, her vivid green eyes opened wide in surprise, clearly inciting that he had awoken prematurely. There was something about this girl that seemed strange to him. Whether it be her stance, the way she walked, or the way she looked at him, he didn't know. It was just something "I wasn't expecting you to wake up this early, I just sent a runner for painkillers from the next village over." She said. She set the tray down on the night stand to his right. "You took such a hard blow to the head, I figured you would be out for another day or two." "Here." She said offering the glass of water. He didn't take it. The woman's friendly nature didn't lower his suspicion. "It's just water." The girl sighed. "Nothing else in it. The herbs I have to give you to prevent infection will dehydrate you." He cautiously took the glass from her, thoroughly inspecting the glass before pressing the rim to his lips. She found it rather amusing actually. "Are you First Order types always this paranoid?" She said arching her brow. "I wouldn't call it paranoia given that I don't know where I am or who you are." He said before testing a sip of the water. Given that his stomach didn't immediately reject it, it was probably safe to drink. "Well all you have to do is ask. Welcome to Genova." She said, her lips tugging upward into a smile. "You are a guest here." Coru still remained mostly unknown to the First Order, especially to him since he had only recently been assigned here. "I've never heard of this place." He responded truthfully taking another sip. "That doesn't surprise me. We mostly just simple farmers here. Though occasionally a First Order supply convoy does stop here to trade medicine for extra food. We're not much of a land mark here." She said. "Though I believe we are about 30 kilometers or so southwest of the First Order Arkan Outpost." She remained in silence as he down the rest of the water, offering him another glass in return. "I need to change your bandages." "Can I have your name first?" She arched a brow yet again, slightly intrigued. Was this him being sincere or was it just his way of escaping an awkward situation. Truth be told, he didn't seem like much of a conversationalist. "If I am guest here, I would like to know who I am addressing." He said, noting her suspicion. "Maya. Maya Sun." She said, carefully cutting the bandages wrapped around his torso, exposing a the deep gash that spread from his left collar bone down to the bottom of his rib cage on his right side. It would be a nasty scar, but luckily all it would is a scar. As the tight bandages fell lose, his bruised ribs had more room to expand but made it inadvertently harder to breath. "Unusual name. Doesn't sound very common." He said, breath labored and slightly pained. "Well, Ms. Sun..." She raised her hand up, stopping him in mid sentence. "Please, there's no need for awkward formalities." She said smiling, slightly rolling her eyes. "Please just call me Maya." "Maya." He corrected himself. "How did you find me?" "I saw your ship get shot down while on my way back from a supply run." She said. "It wasn't hard to track you down, your ship let off enough smoke for anyone in a 20 mile radius to see." Her attention turned to the tray once again, though still listening. "And you choose to help me." Such generousity was not something he was normaly accustomed to but this instance he found it especially strange. After driving out the Resistance, he was under the impression that the locals would not take kindly to the First Order. "I couldn't leave you in there. If I did, you would've either bled to death, or been picked up by a scavenger or raider." Maya said applying an alcohol solution to a cotton swap. "It's a custom here that we can't turn away some one in need, though I wish we'd leave the raiders to handle themselves sometimes." Her last few word ground between her teeth before being spit out. He sensed there was a deep rooted hatred that was begining to burn. "Oh?" She sighed, shaking her head a bit. "I'm all for helping out someone in need, but every time we've offered help to raiders, they turn around to burn us." Perhaps this supposed small, peaceful village had more red in it that he'd like to believe, and more than she'd like to admit. As gently as she could she cleaned around the stitches with the cotton swaps. He bit his tongue, hissing between clenched teeth. A couple minutes of a burning sensation was a small price to pay to prevent a far more serious infection. "I'm sorry, I know it stings." She said. "You know you never did tell me your name." Her feebled attempt to shift his attention away from the burning pain and move the conversation forward was met with a bitter reply. "That… is none of your concern." He said between pained breaths. An small smirk played on her lips, preparing for a response he would not find as amusing as she would. "You are a guest in Genova." She said. "I would like to know who I am addressing." And to what she was expecting, he was not amused. Cute, very cute. Twisting his own words against him was not something he would normally take kindly to. "Kylo Ren." Chapter 3 Ren had a choice in the matter, he would have been on a transport shuttle back to the Finalizer within hours of waking up. Both Maya and his body disagreed with that. She insisted that he at least stay the night to let any interest from scavengers or raiders die down. And his body insisted on staying put and not risking potentially straining anything else. Instead, the remaining time was spent in awkward silence. There was harmless small talk while she came in to change his bandages. After that she attended to her daily chores and left him to rest. Maya slipped back in through the canvas slit, wiping a greasy mix of dirt and sweat from her brow. Coru's summers were always uncomfortably humid. A couple hours working in the fields would leave yiur clothes plastered to your skin. She dug through her dresser drawer in search of clean dry clothes. She ran a cold towel over her face as she glanced back to find an unconscious Kylo Ren. He was fast asleep now. The painkillers she gave him made him drowsy and for a while he tried to resist it. It took about an hour or so to give into the debilitating cocktail of pain meds and sheer muscle exhaustion. She peeled her sweat soaked shirt off, tossing it in the laundry basket to her left. As she changed, she couldn't help but let her eyes wander just a bit, briefly counting the scars that were etched in to pale skin. As her eyes drifted from scar to scar, she lingered just a hair too long over the chiseled muscles of his torso, each one individually flexing as he shifted into a more comfortable position. She was just begining to cool off and she felt herself heating up again. "Maya!" Deep booming tone of his voice startled her, roughly yanking out of her daydream. That voice was unmistakeable, too distinct to be confused with someone else. Who else sounded like they had been chain smoking red eclipse spice for 30 years. She chewed on her lip until she about to break the skin. Her heart slammed into her ribs, threatening to break her sternum. Shit. Aiden? He shouldn't even be here this early, payment wasn't until next week. Why was he early? A sudden sense of alarm crawled up her throat as her eyes lifted back to the sleeping Jedi. Aiden's thugs had quite a high bounty on First Order officials, wanted dead or alive. A Jedi would be rather valuable, in Kylo's current state, he wouldn't put up much of a fight. Aiden had a huge payout laying unconcious just a few feet away if they walked in. "Hey Maya, you in there?" Maya pulled her clean shirt over her head and damn near sprinted through the canvas opening, smacked face first into 6 foot 2 inches of solid cut muscle. She practically bounced off his rusted metal chestplate. She took a step back, green eyes blown wide as she tried to keep her heart from breaking her ribs. "Easy there hun, what you runnin from?" Aiden sneared, lips parking into a smirk. "Haven't seen you in a while sweetheart. I'm starting to think you're hiding from us." She took a few seconds to respond to him, trying so desperately to swallow any visable fear or alarm. More challenging than she thought since it wasn't just Aiden standing there, he brought back up this time. Two more men that were just as solidly built and disgusting as he was. "Don't call me that." She hissed. An amused smirk played on the man's lips. "Aww. Don't be like that, love. Plus you've got something I need to know." He said. "Oh?" "Word around is that you were spotted by the command shuttle that got shot down." He crossed his arms over his thick rusted armor chest plate. "Carrying a survivor with you." Her mouth went dry as a shudder tore through her. The chill induced goosebumps that spread over her skin were impossible to hide. "I don't know what you're talking about." That amused smirk twisted down into an irritated frown. "Oh I think you do. I don't think it would be in your best interest to be lying to me Mays." He said. "Why don't you come with us somewhere private where we can chat. One of his beefy large hands closed around her left forearm in a steel vice grip, roughly dragging her forward. He drug her around as if she were weightless. Her attempts to wrench her hand away were met with a tighter grip. "Ouch! Let go!" Upon instict, she whipped around with her right hand balled into a fist ready to strike. Her knuckles cracked across his cheekbone, catching him of guard. He reeled back, free hand shooting up to his burning cheek. He snarled in response, roughly grabbing her other wrist. "I'm going to make you regret that, bitch!" He hissed, his rancid breath on her face. "Don't touch her!" His voice startled the young farmer. She looked back over her shoulder. Kylo Ren stood at her back, piercing eyes fixed on Aiden and his fingers curled tightly around the hilt of his lightsaber until his knuckles turned white. Aiden ran his eyes over the Jedi. He arched an eyebrow, eyes falling on the bandages that hid his stitches. He practically scoffed, "I said, don't touch her!" Ren growled, a deep rooted anger rumbling in his chest, a intense flame building behind his eyes. His already deep voice lowered a few octaves. "Oh yeah? What exactly are you going to do about it?" Aiden spat. Maya watched his eyes darken. Excited energy fizzled into a blade as he ignited his lightsaber. Aiden's back up jumped back a few steps, slurring together a couple of four letter words. "Leave. Now." Message recieved. Aiden let Maya slip through his grib, eyes still wide and fixed on the lightsaber. Maya scrambled back behind Ren, barely able to peak over his shoulder to watch Aiden's reaction. She watched his face contort into scowl. "Come on." He drug his heals as he turned tail and stomped away, the men he brought occasionly glancing back over their shoulder. Kylo with drew his lightsaber, he turned to face her but she had already scrambled back inside. She let her weakened knees give, dumping herself in a chair. Her hands twisted in her hair as she let out a shakey sigh. "Are you alright?" He gently laid a hand on her shoulder, she tensed under his touch. She avoided looking at him, concealing her face in her hands. "Yeah yeah... Just a little spooked." She said. Her voice was a soft whisper, not confident at all to speak coherently. He let his eyes drift to her left arm, specifically where the raider leader dragged her around. Discolored lesions were begining to bloom under her skin, forming purple and blue patches. He let his hand slip from her shoulder, curling around her forearm gently, thumb gliding over the very edge of the fresh bruise. There was something else he could feel beside the slightly swollen flesh beneath his fingers. There was more pain that ebbed from her than he anticipated, not all of it physical pain. With a simple touch, he could see scars that were not visable, past wounds that have since healed, and an emotional agony that spanned a life time. All of this concealed under a false smile, masked behind brightened eyes he could never think were once dim. All of it tied to the man that left her shaken from earlier. He left a mark on her that lasted for years. If he could just see a little further…. But suddenly there was nothing. He ran into a impenetrable cloud. He felt no emotion from her as she swatted his hand away. "I'm fine, I just bruise like a peach." The Knight eyed her curiously, a deep suspicion beginning to take root. He tried to let his mind wander into hers once again but was met with the same black shroud he couldn't see through. Did she just shut him out? Or did these injuries actually falter his abilities. He tucked this away in the back of his mind. "Who were those men?" He said shifting the topic a bit in hopes of taking the edge off her. "That was Aiden, he's the leader of the raiders in this area. Genova makes payments to him so his thugs will leave us alone." Maya said, it took more effort than it should have to piece together simply sentences. She let her head fall back into her hands. "He and his thugs came in from Nar Shadda just not long after the New Republic packed up. I think they use to be Mandolorian warriors." Tears burned to corners of her eyes, threatening to spill over as she lifted eye head to lock eyes with him. "Y-you can't stay here." She said. He arched an eyebrow, silently inquiring about her sudden shift in tone. "You can't stay here longer, Aiden's operation has a high bounty on First Order officials. Now that they know you're a Jedi…" Maya's voice trembled as she went on. "They'll kill you." "Maya…" "I will contact the First Order first thing in the morning. J-just go back to bed." She choked. It was written all over her face, she wasn't scared of these men, she was scared for him. They didn't have any interest in sticking around earlier but Maya was convinced they'd make a return. Guilt racked over him at the sight of the tears that fell down her cheeks, and it was far more painful than the shrapnel that split open his chest. "Please… Kylo just…" "Alright, I'll leave tomorrow morning." He said. "Just calm down." He laid himself back down on the cot, squirming to get comfortable. Maya took a spot on the couch to the left. She turned away from him, letting the tears she bit back so bitterly free. It wasn't until her silent sobs finally ebbed away that she spoke again. "Kylo?" "Yes Maya?" "Thank you." Chapter 4 He watched the sun come up the next morning, splashes of orange and pink streaking the cool Corun sky. He didn't sleep. He couldn't. How could he? Left alone with his thoughts, he occasionally tried to drift into hers only to be force out. Columns of sunlight broke through the dirt dusted windows, Maya started to stir out of her sleep a short time later. She groaned, rolling on to her side, maybe hoping to catch just a few more minutes of sleep before she had to get up. Her blonde locks slipped off her exposed shoulders, his mouth ran dry. A jagged scar chiseled into her pale skin, stemming from her left shoulder blade, traveling diagonal to dip under her tank top. There was just enough time for him to catch a glimpse and have his stomach turn before she started to stir again. Maya sat herself up rubbing her eyes. She sighed as she pushed her self out of bed, her steps heavy. The dark circles under her eyes indicated she was restless all night, tossing and turning. She turned, her still red eyes narrowing a bit. "I didn't expect you to be awake so early." She said, brushing her hair out of her face. He shrugged. "I could say the same for you. You look like you had quite the restless night." She chewed on her lip before turning towards her vanity, perhaps she had something to conceal those dark circles a bit better. Although he still could not break through her barriers, her sense of uneasiness with rising pangs of fear was quite clear to him. He knew it. She knew it. "I uh… contacted the First Order embassy late last night. They said they would send a transport early this morning." She shifted the subject away from herself quite quickly. "They didn't sound all that convinced that you weren't harmed by *us*." As she tied her hair back into a bun, Ren caught a glimpse of that scar again. It did not appear to have faded at all, still dark, still rough to the touch. It appeared to be a deep slash but the burned skin that bordered the edge of the slash suggested that the wound was immediately cauterized after being inflicted. She had to have been struck by a high energy weapon, perhaps by a lightsaber. "Much of this planet is still quite unfamiliar to the First Order, you'll have to excuse us for being a bit untrustful." He said. She sighed. "I wish we were as untrusting as you sometimes…" He did not have the chance to inquire what she meant. A man, about the same age as Maya slipped in through the canvas slit. "Maya… the First Order transport has arrived." ************** Kylo eyed the practice droids as they chose their positions among the empty room, some bared blades, others bared blasters. His fingers tightened painfully around the hilt oh his lightsaber, harshly crackling with unstable energy. It had been only a day since his departure from Genova, even less since he had been medically cleared to return to his own living quarters. He had been strictly ordered to rest until his broken forearm healed and not do anything that would risk tearing stitches. If the medics words actually concerned him he'd still be in bed. It wasn't that he didn't want to rest, it was that he couldn't. He didn't sleep the night before he left Genova. He didn't sleep when he returned to the comfort of his own bed. The cocktail of painkillers and antibiotics didn't make him drowsy. When his body had enough and broke down from sheer muscle exhaustion, he lie wide awake in bed while staring blankly at the ceiling, mind racing. He entered the training room with the full intention of not leaving until there was nothing left to take his manifesting frustration out on, although it probably wasn't going to help. Maybe it would numb the sensation for a while. He couldn't tear his mind away from Maya. Of all people, a pacifist farmer, a girl he met only days ago, left a burning scar that wouldn't soon heal and he didn't know why. Without the circumstances surrounding their meeting, he would've overlooked her and not thought otherwise. Petty native tensions shouldn't concern him the way it was. Why did he feel so damn concerned about a girl he met by accident. Beneath the the subtle burn of the antibiotics creams applied to minor burns was a nagging sensation no painkiller would be able to numb. Small pangs of guilt were begining to take root in the pit of his stomach, and they were starting to grow. There was no denying what he saw when he touched her. An intense amount of pain concealed behind a warm smile. There was an electrifying spark he couldn't ignore when he touched. He sighed shaking his head. His was stomach was twisting over a girl he knew for two days. Weak. One by one he did away with the target droids. He shoke his head, breathing heavily as the last droid fell to the ground in pieces. A shutter tore through him as the door to the training room slid open. "Ah, Master Ren." Kylo drew a labored sigh, letting his saber sheath itself as the General entered. He was the last person on the Finalizer he wanted to talk to at the moment. "I thought you were to be on bed rest." He sounded snide, almost sounding like a disappointed parent. "You shouldn't strain yourself, Ren." "I'm not fragile, General." Ren ground the words between his teeth before bitterly spitting them out. His irritation was quite apparent. The General mumbled something under hiss breath, muttering a swear about his short fused temper. "Forgive me if I'm not in the best mood, I haven't had the greatest last two nights." Kylo hissed through grinding teeth. He watched Hux catiously as he strode further into the room. The General narrowed his eyes a bit. "Interesting. I thought you would be quite comfortable in that cozy little farming village. Genova was it?" He said. "I honestly expected my men to find you face down in a holding cell, not recieving care in some native girl's home. I thought they would not take so kindly to a First Order commander." "They're pacifists, General." Kylo said. "The had no intent to harm." "Pacifists that happened to shoot down a Upsilon command shuttle." Hux sneered. "Believable." The General just knew how to make his blood boil. Getting under his skin was something he easily mastered long ago. "You came here seeking information, if your going to question what I'm giving you then I'm not wasting my time when I could be doing more important things." He spat. Kylo watched his jaw tighten, grinding his response between his teeth before forcing it from his throat. "Go on." He had his full attention now instead of him blatantly ignoring him. There was no avoiding an all out war with these mercenaries. They would be forced to act against them, against the men that shot him down and the men that confronted Maya, that was a garuntee and was not a burning concern of his. He was more interested in her. If he was right about her, he couldn't let her slip through his fingers. "As I was saying, the locals have no weapons, nothing that could possibly shoot down a command shuttle. Your best guess is the raiders in the area." He said. "You expect me to believe that a group of thugs managed to out gun a First Order squadron." Hux scoffed. "Supply lines haven been harassed for weeks. Scouts have been turning up dead. Weapon caches haven been broken into repeatedly. If this was 'just a group of thugs' they would have been dealt with already." Ren hissed. "And if they managed to shoot down a First Order command shuttle, then they're a bit more organized than we anticipated." "I suggest you start stationing troopbsin Genova. They seem to be the primary target of this particular group of raiders." He said. "It would be a starting point for begining to expand military presence, would give you safe place to start scouting, and would give the locals some peace of mind." Stationing troops there would at least garuntee her safety until he was able to return and dig a little deeper. Even if a stronger military presence discouraged them from returning than it was worth it. If his suspicions were correct about this girl, than he could not afford to risk loosing her. "If I station men there, they'll be over run." Hux shook his head, sighing as he ran a hand through his slicked back hair. "I can't send men in without proper intel on the area. We'll have to scout the area before we can even think about moving troops in." "You'll be sending those scouts too their deaths. Sending in small scouting patrols hasn't worked since we arrived, why do you think it would now?" Kylo said coldly. A slow burning irritation began to ignite behind his eyes. "Genova is the only documented landmark in our databases, either you take what you can get or you get nothing." "I will begin to monitor the area more closely, but I promise nothing." Chapter 5 The conversation with Hux may as well have never happened. Troops were never stationed in Genova. Scouts continued to turn up dead. There was nothing Ren could do aboard the Finalizer except pick up the pieces. The girl was his priority, but as he watched the next two weeks unfold closely, he had initially missed the much bigger picture. As he watched corpses of dead scouts and patrols start to pile up, he questioned Hux's methods. As he responded to call after call of locals being slaughtered at the hands of slavers and raiders, he questioned whether Hux truely cared about keeping this world under First Order control. All they needed was he needed was to ensure that the military bases remained unharmed, so what if the rest of the world suffocated itself. To Hux, Coru was just a pawn in a galactic game of chess. The planet would serve it's purpose with it's close positioning near New Republic territory, but it was expendable. If the planet died, by enemy hands or it's own, oh well. Ren stared at the planet's surface below, virtually deaf to the normal banter of the bridge. The seemingly flawless mint green surface glowing almost blindingly compared to the blackened surface of the planet's moon. "Sir… there's been another raid against one of the local villages." "Fourth one this week, which one is it now?" Fourth one this week, don't sound so indifferent. "I believe the villages is called Genova, sir. Shall I send a team to look for survivors?" The instant Genova was mentioned, Ren felt his mouth run dry. He did not flinch, he did not make even the slightest expression, but his mind raced on. The previous 3 villages that were attacked earlier in the week were all burned to the ground upon arrival. The few natives they managed to find in the ashen remains, were dead. "Might as well." The General sighed. Innocent people native to the world you were supposed to be protecting being slaughtered by the dozens, oh what a mild inconvenience. As the Lieutenant turned on his heals to leave, Ren caught him by the arm. "Have my ship ready for departure at once." "Yes sir." ******** The ashen remains would surely stain the armor of the First Order soldiers that stepped into Genova. Captain Phasma let her her eyes scan the area, taking in the destruction these raiders had brought to a silent people. "Set up a perimeter, bring any survivors to my attention." "Yes, ma'am." Burned corpses lined the dirt roads. Houses now lay in total ruins, burned until only charred wood remained. Plots of farm land were reduced to nothing, the surrounding land dying with it's residents. The village he had just seen merrily days ago teaming with life now lay before him in ashes. Charred corpses lined the streets, it seemed no one was fortunate enough to escape. The earth reaked of a sickening combination of smoke, burnt flesh and death. His chest fell heavy, this place surged with negative power and dread. Their last words, their lasts screams echoed inside his head. "Sir?" Kylo pushed past her without saying a word. The dark Jedi was locked in a set trance. He heard it, there was no mistaking it. It was faint, if he wasn't intentionally listening he wouldn't have caught it. The slighest tremble in the Force, a faint whisper. A survivor. He approached a home all too familiar to him, or... what was left of it. He stepped carefully into the charred remains of the oak wood home. Structurally the burnt remains were very unstable, it would be within his best interest to stray away from the already charred support beams. On the living room floor, he saw that familiar platinum blonde hair he knew, now dyed grew from the soot. "Maya…" He knelt beside her, gently rolling her onto her back. He felt just the slightest flicker of life withing her, the trembling rythem of her feeble heartbeat. She sucked in a trembling breath as his arm slipped around her shoulders, lifting her to support her. Each ragged breath she took was met with a choking cough. Each cough sent a burst a pain ricocheting off her ribs. His mask filtered out smoke but she had no protection. There was no telling how long she was laying here. He slipped his other arm under her legs and lifted her into his arms. A pained cry was ripped from her throat as he lifted her, the exposed burns inadvertently rubbing causing an all too painful friction. This reaction caught him of guard, he had not intended to harm her. The longer she remained here the higher chance she had of succumbing to smoke inhalation and carbon monoxide poisoning. Such an outburst lead him to believe there were a number of underlying injuries that were not visable to him. "Shhhh, it'll be alright." He carried her outside, gently setting her down at the first chance he had, one arm still around her shoulders to keep her propped up. She sputtered between breaths, choking on sobs while her body simultaneously tried to force out the soot lining that coated her lungs. When he touched her, the intensity of the pure fear that ran through her veins was enough to make his own blood run cold. Her emotions were vividly clear to him. But simmering beneath her fear was a slow burning cinder of hatred waiting to ignite. She had seen those responsible for this violently careless attack. Not only has she seen them, she knows them. Ren reached up with his free hand, finger tips just ghosting over her temple. She fell silent as he touched her temple, bloodshot eyes snapping open wide. Everything was fuzzy, most of it not comprehendable, but there was enough for him to piece together. However, the second that he was able to start piecing the picture, a bolt of splintering pain shot up from his fingers and traveled up his arm as if he had just been electrocuted. His he jerked his hand away, silencing a pained hiss as she cried out. Her eyes screwed shut as she screamed in agony, tears spilling her eyes causing clean streaks as they fell down her ash covered cheeks, her reaction startling him. He stared down at her, eyes blown wide. She shut him out. She forced him out. Snapping out of his haze, he swept his fingers across her forehead once more. Her agonizing cries fell silent as she fell into a deep sleep. At least she could escape the pain for a moment. His mind drew blank, unable to fully comprehend what had just happened. "Who are you…" Chapter 6 After they removed her burned clothes and scrubbed her clean of soot and ash, Maya remained unconcious. Aside from a collection of burns sustained in the fire, medics also found a number of blunt force injuries that had them scratching there heads for a while. Even though they had washed away the ash, her face was still blackened by bruises. Her left side was black and blue, hiding a few broken ribs beneath. Her bruised and fractured wrist had was still swollen. She was also carrying a broad array of scars, too many to be concidered clumsy accidents. Her wounds were not fatal. In time, her burns would scar over and her broken body would begin to heal. The wounds of her mind would take far longer to heal. They would be easier to tear open and far harder to scar over. Hours eventually turned into a day, she continued her undisturbed slumber without even the slightest sign of her awakening. Even as a day passed by, Ren did not leave her side, his mind silently running rampant. Though she slept peacefully, it did not drown the intense pain that continued to radiate from her. Her thoughts were disturbed yet, he still could not read them. He could feel the emotion entangled within her memories yet he couldn't see them. "Lord Ren, I am all too eager to hear your explanation as to why you've wasted time and resources with this… farmer girl." Hux hissed "She was the only one in the village to survive." He said. "You sent a detachment to look for survivors did you not?" "Don't expect me to believe that you've suddenly grown a conscience, Ren." He said flatly. "I would like to know the real reason she's here. I'm sure you didn't save her out of the kindness of your heart." His false front was shattered before he could even throw it up. "When I found her, I tried to read her to try and get a glimpse of who attacked them." He said. His jaw clenched tightly, a irritated growl slipping from his throat. "But she shut me out." Hux cocked his head to the side, eyeing the sith lord almost defiantly. "So this is what this is about? You're little mind games didn't work?" He scoffed. "You're slipping Ren." "No one has been able to shut me out. Not even you , General." Ren growled, head snapping to face him.The last word ground between his teeth before he spat it out like poison. The General arched an eyebrow. "Or is it because you've grown a soft spot for the locals." "Let us not forget that it was your blatant ignorance that caused Genova to burn in the first place." He said. "Our only asset to this wretched planet now lays in ash because of your in ability to act. Our only potential allies are now dead ." His words left the General sputtering, trying to string together a valid response without sounding childish. Ren shifted his attention back to the young farmer, blatantly ignoring the General's feebled attempt at a rebuttal. Carefully, he let the tips of his fingers brush along the side of her head. His second attempt to scratch the surface of her most recent memories was met with the same impenetrable cloud he had been blocked by before. He let a feebled sigh slip from his lips, fingertips wandering over her cold skin before threading in her blonde locks. "She has to be Force Sensitive to resist so easily. Even unconscious she still has me shut out." "Look, I don't have the time, nor the patience to deal with a traumatized farmer." Hux growled. "If she holds information that will lead us to these raiders, I will find other means of extracting it." Ren didn't believe that she intentionally shut him out. Him playing on the edges of her memories also would have caused her to relive them. She inadvertently used Force to repress these painful memories and forced him out of her head. If this was truely what happened and his abilities weren't simply slipping, and Hux's prefered methods weren't going to them get anywhere. The information they needed and the memories she tried to bury weren't gone forever, they were just repressed. Hux's plan was only going to bury them further, and that's only if she survives his "other means". "The girl is just as valuable as the information. If you attempt your "other means", you will lose both ." He hissed. "I am not wasting the supplies nor the resources to keep this girl alive." Hux said sternly. " I will get the information from her, whether I have your approval or not." " Do not test my patience, General ." Ren spat. "This girl is undoubtedly Force sensitive, I will not allow you to throw her away like garbage out of ignorance. You will not lay a hand on her without my say so. Is that clear? " "The Supreme Leader Snoke will not approve of this. Our focus is on…" Hux said. "What would the Supreme Leader say have to say if you kill a potential Force sensitive apprentice because you need to cover your failure." Ren stated flatly. The General narrowed his eyes, his stare built with full intent of questioning the Dark Lord. "This is the same girl that assisted you after your ship was shot down." The lack of Ren's response dictated the answer. The simple hesitation prompted Hux to draw everything thing Ren stated prior to this into question. "Her name is Maya." "You can't be serious Ren."