One...two...three...four…. Hux counted the seconds, then minutes, then hours, and then days. It started a month and a half ago, exactly seven months and eight days. At this moment he is tempted to do the math and count out the seconds, minutes, weeks, all of it to emphasize how desperate he became. That, through the past month and a half, has not changed. If anything it’s growing and if Hux had to wait any longer, he’d definitely fall from grace. Hux remembers exactly how he got in this predicament. The words still sting and like a spit to the face. Then there were certain words, ones he hadn’t spoken out loud, that he regrets now. An offer that didn’t hang in the air anymore. No, Hux knew the moment Kylo stepped on that ship it was too late. “Kylo, that is the worst idea you’ve ever had,” Hux said. He dropped the datapad down on his lap and stared at Kylo. Kylo, who propped himself up, became rigid at Hux’s words. “To get married?” “Yes. It’s laughable to think we, out of the billions of lives in the universe, should get married,” Hux said. He waved his hand in the air for emphasis. “Us, who are fucking in a supply closet together without Supreme Leader Snoke’s knowledge.” “They still won’t know, it’d just be us.” “Snoke would know.” “We’ve kept this from him,” Kylo motioned to them, to the bed they were laying on. “Not even your officers who almost walked in on us fucking in the closet.” “It’s still a ridiculous idea to our fragile relationship.” “Fragile?” Kylo’s up. He swung his leg over the edge, body twisted to face Hux. “Hux, I’m proposing to you and you think it’s ridiculous?” Hux’s silence spoke to Kylo, and like that, he had gotten up out of bed and quickly grabbed his clothes. Kylo didn’t even bother putting them on, just a bundle in his hand and Hux only got up to try and prevent the knight from leaving. There was no way to stop him but Hux put in the effort. "Kylo, you couldn't have possibly thought I would have agreed to that?" Kylo's hold on his clothes tightened and he turned to look at Hux. "I actually was, yes. For a moment I thought that maybe you'd do something indulging for once." "What are you spouting out now, Kylo?" "I can't believe you." He mumbled. He turned to look at Hux, using what little height he had to tower over the other. "Even now you can't be anything more than an ass." Hux didn’t cower against Kylo’s intimidating tactic. He searched Kylo’s face, something, maybe a look to see what Kylo wanted. He couldn’t be asking for marriage, could he? Hux’s voice lowered to match his fury. “Kylo.” “Hux,” Kylo repeated back. "Don’t play games with me.” “Me? Play games? Do you think this was just entertainment for you, Hux?” Kylo’s voice rose with each word. His other arm that was free then flung itself in the air. Hux didn’t flinch. “I should have known better than to think you, out of all the people, would have considered anything but yourself.” “Don’t put words in my mouth. I never said that this was entertainment. You can’t just propose marriage and expect me to say yes!” The lights flickered, cups and shelves rattled, the air crackled with static and Hux didn’t mind them. This was normal. At least the man didn’t have his toy he swung around aimlessly. “Why not? What’s the worst that can happen?” Hux watched Kylo flex his hand. Hux snorted. “Everything. Snoke would find out and whose head would he have? Mine. I’m not going to throw all of my hard work away,” This time Hux came closer. Their naked chests came too close and Hux could take note of the heat radiating from Kylo. “Because you can’t control your feelings.” Something in the room broke. “For someone who doesn’t like to follow an alien’s commands you seem more loyal to him than his own apprentice.” Kylo sneered. “Is your work everything to you, General? I didn’t know I was fucking a droid this whole time. You rejected everything you ever wanted just so you can follow some ridiculous ideology to impress a man who would rather have you dead than acknowledge your achievements.” If Hux wasn’t so angry he’d maybe feel a little hurt by that. But the more words that came out of Kylo’s mouth the more he’d like to punch it. “Don’t bring him into this.” Hux paused to breathe. He urged himself to calm down, to not stoop low like Kylo. Not when Kylo wanted to be a child. He started off slowly. “At least I have worked. You wouldn't know what work is as you’ve had your whole life handed to you. You have no idea of its importance. You never use your brain to make any of your decisions and follow your overly emotional state. You do nothing other than destroying my property and hunt down a scavenger that you failed to kill the first time. Even now your attention stands with that damn uncle of yours. We find one hint of them on a planet and you’re already off to kill them. At this point, I’d assume that you were dating that girl instead of me.” Hux’s voice had cracked somewhere along those lines. He didn’t want to acknowledge it. Not when he’s expected to be angry, it’s meant to be a jab at Kylo. There was fury in Kylo’s eyes, brown that’s soft and light when he’s calm now matching the black of his pupils. The hair on Hux’s neck stood and he watched the muscles on Kylo’s jaw move. He could feel the air lower. “You’re unbelievable. Dense and selfish.” A low growl. “I fucking have emotions. You spend your whole life putting up walls so you can't feel anything no matter how much I try to make you.” “Kylo-” "No, I'm not going to hear it. I'm leaving." Kylo didn’t wait to put his clothes on. Hux couldn’t help but stare at Kylo’s stark naked butt as the door shut behind him. In seconds the room seemed to become colder. Hux looked around his quarters, standing there naked and alone. The aftermath filled bridge shift with silence and tense conversations. It lasted a good three days with troopers and crew members working under the veil of strain. Whispers were shared. Some thought that Kylo had destroyed something but there weren't any technicians to verify those rumors, but others were quickly dispelled when Hux’s eyes land on them. Then Kylo was sent off onto another mission. The Resistance was spotted on a planet where an abandoned Jedi temple was. Kylo had foreseen that the scavenger girl and his uncle was there. He demanded to go immediately. Not to Hux though. It was brought to Supreme Leader and the alien indulged him. Hux didn’t watch him leave. He had left the hangar before Kylo arrived. The only notification he got was an officer telling him that Kylo had left with a squadron. Contact had been cut off after the fifth day. Hux was left completely alone. Then five days turned into a week, then two, and finally a month and months. No word. Not a signal. From what the First Order knows the Resistance has been normal. No news, nothing big. For all he knew Kylo defected and went back to his family. It’d make sense. Why was he in such a rush to leave if not otherwise? They’d be celebrating the return of their precious son. Would Kylo still go as Kylo or would he go back as Ben Solo? He probably ran into the arms of his Mother, crying and apologizing for his wrongs. Hux could practically mock his voice where he apologizes for killing his Father. He’d be accepted too and start training with that scavenger girl and that traitor; those people who destroyed his precious Starkiller and even now grabbed most of Kylo’s attention. Hux’s bitter about it, yes, but when he lay down in his bed with sheets a little too thin he began to feel the day’s thoughts creep onto him. They gnawed at his brain and no matter how much he tried to distract himself they would come to the surface. His heart settled with them and Hux had to force himself to get up the next morning with little sleep. His organized thoughts were never as together anymore. The slow hum of the Finalizer was always in the background. The chatter of officers and troopers were next. Hux’s thoughts; what was supposed to be happening, what is happening, what’s going to happen next and what’s he going to do next. Where everything is and how he’s going to fix it all. That was always in action, always there for him to call up. Everything stayed the same but there was a shift; room made for a now permanent thought that also buzzed with the rest of his thoughts. Almost like someone decided to move everything slightly to the left by ten inches and dropped in something that looked too new compared to the rest of the furniture. Then Hux stubs his toe on a table leg or walks in feeling something off until he remembers. It’s better now, though. He wasn’t stubbing his toe anymore but he did feel something wrong. Maybe if he paid attention to the new object and didn’t try to constantly ignore it like a plague he’d have probably accepted it by now. But Hux wasn’t that kind of person. He’d probably let it manifest until the point of breaking down. It's constant noise talking to him in the back of his head. He couldn’t push it away. Worry, insecurity, regret, anxiety and more all scrambled there. Where’s Ren? What’s happened? Shouldn’t have said those words, shouldn’t have been so rude. Maybe word it differently? Why didn’t the proper words come out? Come home Ren. Ren. Ren. Ren. REN. Constantly in the back of his head. He’d be filling out forms on his datapad and it sang, giving out commands as they took another planet. Nothing seemed to silence it. And as the shifts on the Finalizer changed, where Hux laid in bed, they would scream at him. He drowned in them and no matter how much Hux kicked to the surface they’d pull him back down. Hux didn’t realize how low he was, how dependent he had become when he’d shift slightly to the side when walking on the bridge like Kylo was there or how Hux has to turn his thermal higher as his bed was insanely cold. When was the last time Hux touched himself? Enjoyed a moment of silence to himself with no noise, none of his officers bothering him, not a single notification from his datapad? Where did Hux lose himself? And why doesn’t it seem to bother him as much as it should? Thoughts plagued him in his bed. Blankets wrapped tighter and he’d crave for Kylo’s arms again. His schedule became lonely and Hux itched for an argument. Something to happen. Then in 24 hours it all collapsed, again. Hux stood on the bridge of his ship, his star destroyer when the news about Snoke came along. Resistance messages were being sent in every direction and Hux stared out into the stars when the officer gave him the single confirmation that Supreme Leader Snoke was found dead on his throne in the citadel. One wound had punctured his body, a cauterized wound. One made by a lightsaber. Chaos ensued. Everyone scrambled to figure out what to do next, how to stop the Resistance from advancing further, and Hux stood on the bridge. Even in the vast darkness with dots of stars to align together Hux could already see the flames of his work crashing down. He could see another Starkiller already happening before him. But Hux didn’t panic. He turned around started to shout orders. Officers scrambled, their need for command fulfilled when Hux began to make the shots and orders. In mere seconds he had the higher ups gathered in holograms and they were discussing what to do next, who to follow, and what’s going to happen to the First Order. There was something in the air no one was willing to talk about though and Hux was more than happy to oblige. He didn’t want to think about it. He didn’t want to hear what the Resistance had to say. He didn’t want to hear what everyone else had to say either. But that didn’t stop him from feeling dull. For the thoughts to spill over and fill his head with dread and he could swear he feels nails dig past his gloves and into his skin. Why would Ren kill Snoke? Is Ren even still Kylo anymore? It’s Ben now, right? He wouldn’t have killed his own master if he wasn’t with Skywalker. Why would he kill Snoke? What does this mean for the First Order? We’re going against Jedis and all I have is a ship and no Knights. What are the Knights of Ren doing now that their leader and Supreme Leader is gone? Hux’s thoughts raced in every direction. None of them sounded good. Somewhere along the way, he found himself back at the hangar and he felt nothing. That white noise had spread to his body and his voice didn’t sound like his. Footsteps that clicked were off in the distance. He didn’t know what was going on but there was an alarmed feeling. Something was happening and people were looking at him for help. The officer standing next to him looked straight at him with eyes wide and darting back and forth. Even his hands trembled when pressing the controls. Their words sounded so muffled and Hux could barely register any of it. “An unidentified ship. It’s not responding to any of our signals.” Hux gave an order. Was that his voice? It was far off and came slowly at Hux. He wondered if he really did give the command. The hangar opened for the incoming ship. Its body flew slowly in and stormtroopers were ready and armed. Lined almost shoulder to shoulder with blasters facing the incoming danger. Once again Hux gave another command and his hand waved to signal something. It was a familiar ship. It was of the First Order’s but not any the Finalizer held. Last time Hux had seen it was when he stood on the citadel and watched the transport drop off Ren. Ren. Hux snapped. His body jolted and everything just came back to him. His hand, the odorless smell of the Finalizer, noise, more noise, and voices. They didn’t speak through water anymore. Almost like someone had dumped it all out for Hux. Then there was that slight buzz at the back of his brain. Nostalgic. Then realization and when his surroundings became clear and dry again the anger inside of him began to build up. “Move out of the way!” Hux shouted. He felt that prickling feeling pull back as quickly as it came and there was this sudden fear. It wasn’t his. The troopers stepped aside as quickly as they could when Hux stormed past. His hand held his blaster before he was yelling at Ren to open up. For a moment Hux wanted to see Kylo. His hair, his face, his presence just one more time but it disappeared as soon as Hux remembered what he had to go through for months. The shuttle opened up for Hux. Kylo was hunched and leaned over the side. He was without his mask and in clothes that belonged to a culture foreign to Hux. Blood had stained them, though, he didn’t know if it was Kylo’s or someone else’s. But a fresh spot spread on his side and the man stumbled on the ramp and down where he trailed blood. His blood. “Get the kriffing med!” Hux ran to catch Kylo. He put his full weight on Hux who helped him down on the ground. Hux put pressure on his wound. He was yelling at an officer and Hux could start smelling the iron already. How long did Kylo stay in this state? Where was he injured? When? Why is he here? I’m here for you. A soft whisper. It ghosted past Hux’s mind and he faltered a little. Kylo was here for him, out of all people it was him. Like he was going to believe that. Kylo’s face fell when he was hoisted up on the gurney and Hux stepped back. His eyes were wide in shock but he didn’t have time to react when he got pushed away and Hux turned to the doctor to give him instructions. “Get him to the med bay. Don’t let him out of your sight and call me down once he is stable.” Hux ordered. He quickly ripped off his gloves and went back to his quarters to change. The audacity Kylo had to attempt to trick Hux. Like he was here for Hux. Not again, not when he has the nerve to kill the Supreme Leader and not even contact them for months. Hux didn’t want to hear it. But if they have an injured Jedi on their ship then Hux is going to take advantage of it. Snoke had a fear for them and Hux wouldn’t blame him for it. If anything Kylo did for the First Order wasn’t enough then Starkiller was a perfect example. Force users are powerful and with one less against the First Order, especially one as volatile as Kylo Ren, the more of an upper hand the Order had. Hux was able to finish some of the paperwork thrown at him from superiors before he was called to head the medbay immediately. “General, sir, he’s demanding to see you and-” The doctor was cut off by a loud scream and crashing noises. Hux could have called the situation a deja vu moment. “I’ll be down in a minute. Just keep Ren in there.” “Yessir.” Another loud crash. It had been awhile since Hux had seen a mess. His ship was tantrum free for months, even before Kylo had gone on the mission. He had calmed down, most of his energy going to Hux, most of it going to hunting own the scavenger, most of it all towards training. And now Hux thinks about the damage report, the credits they can actually spend to repair it all. It was different, though. There were other factors, like the fact that Hux can really spare resources for Ren. That he is allowed to do these things. No one was going to yell at him, Supreme Leader Snoke was dead. Maybe some higher ups but this was his ship, anyway. And realizing that was a little liberating. “General Hux, sir, he’s waiting for you inside.” The nurse whispered, her voice shaky and knuckles white with a tight grip on her datapad. “Dismissed. Tell everyone not to disturb us, no matter what.” He warned. “Yes, sir.” He entered. Three years ago Hux would be livid. He is, now, but the disorder isn’t the reason. He’s irritated, angry, annoyed at all the damage done. But he passes by the droid left in a crumbling mess and the dead doctor on the ground, Hux finds doesn’t mind that much. An exasperated sigh left him and there is no energy to care. No, it isn’t the chaos that gets him. Hux is fine with it, for once. “Hux.” Kylo’s voice sent this deep, refreshing stab to the chest. He could remember the times he woke up to that voice, the same one that’d ask for him to stay for a few minutes longer. He’d be desperate if he fell for this. “What are you doing here, Kylo?” “I’m here for you.” Kylo’s on a bed. He’s shirtless with a couple bacta patches on him. If Hux was willing to look at Kylo he’d have to look at whatever emotion Kylo tried to make Hux believed he had. But not today. He wasn’t going to fall for it. Hux wanted answers, though. “Me? That sounds unlikely,” Hux replied. “Tell me, Kylo, what are you here for?” “Hux, I really need you to listen.” Kylo’s getting up. Hux doesn’t make eye contact with him but notices the tense movements. “I’m here for you. I really am.” “I don’t believe you,” Hux says. He’s clenching his fists and something’s rising up his throat, clogging whatever he wanted to say. How dare Kylo Ren come back onto his ship, after months of disappearing and moments after the news of Supreme Leader Snoke’s death? To vanish the minute they fought and return when Hux didn’t need him most? “You don’t have to, Hux. But please, at least listen to what I have to say!” There’s a soft groan of something moving, a piece of machine that Kylo hadn’t destroyed yet. “Please.” “Give me one good reason why I should.” Hux watches Kylo move closer to him. It’s almost the same scene as it was months ago. Kylo’s practically naked, his skin scrubbed by the medics. Hux is still the one standing straight and attacking, though. Kylo’s the one stopping Hux from leaving this time. A beat of silence while Kylo searches Hux for something. “Because I love you, and I want to apologize,” Kylo pauses. When Hux doesn’t look at him he continues. “I did go back home. I was angry at you, heartbroken even. You rejected my idea of marriage, Hux. No matter how stupid it was. And,” Kylo’s voice shook, “I thought about it while I sat with Rey.” “Rey?” Hux interrupted. “The scavenger girl. We got close...ish.” Hux raises an eyebrow. “That’s not the point. I’m saying, I regretted my words and I went to go find answers.” Hux didn’t reply. Arms down at his side, the spark of broken machine numbing his brain, Hux met Kylo’s eyes. They’re brown, big, desperation fills every bit of them. He wanted to apologize, Kylo got on this ship to stand in front of Hux and apologize. After all of that. “You disappear for months, no contact with any of us, not a single word to even Supreme Leader Snoke, and this is all you have?” Hux throws his arms up in the air. “You can’t be serious. You spend months off being a hermit with your uncle and Rey then come back after Snoke’s death and that’s it?” Kylo shook his head. “No, Hux, it’s more than that but Hux, I...you…” Kylo trails off. If Hux had a word for how angry he felt he’d have it written on his forehead, but instead he settled for clenching his teeth. “Did you kill Supreme Leader Snoke?” “Yes. I did. And I came back for you. Please, Hux. I did it for you.” “For me?” Hux wanted to sneer but his voice came out much softer than he intended. Kylo’s shoulders have fallen. His face creased in worry. “Yes, for you. I’d do anything for you. Even killing Snoke and stabbing my own uncle to get Resistance information. I’ll make you the ruler of the galaxy. Just because you asked. Did you want Snoke’s head as proof, too?” His words stopping Hux. Kylo getting Resistance information, killing Snoke because Hux wants him dead, almost murdering his own uncle and getting injured for Hux. How could Hux not fall for that? “Hux, my offer for marriage is still up and I’m willing to do-” “Shut up, Kylo.” His eyes widen at Hux’s words. Mouth slack from being interrupted. An expression Hux couldn’t get upset at. Not right now, not with what he just proposed. Hux takes advantage of Kylo’s shock. Grabbing his shoulder and pulling him in for a kiss. His lips are chapped, Hux finds, and taste like sterilization. “There’s nothing left to lose,” Hux mumbles. His nails dig into Kylo’s shoulder. “Fuck, Kylo I’m not worthy of that.” “Don’t. Just keep kissing me.” Hux doesn’t complain. There are hands that touch his lower back and pull him closer. Even now Kylo’s body still emanates warmth. Hux would have pushed him back to his bed but there’s a soft sound of notification that alerts Hux back. He remembers the dead doctor. “Work,” Hux says. Kylo smiles. That side smile Kylo does when he’s content. Hux feels warm, dazed. “You have a lot to tell me later.” “Later.” “And I have to apologize.” “Later.” Hux stares at Kylo. One more. “I love you.” He says. The air cracks but Hux doesn’t stay behind. He’s already turned his back towards Kylo and calling the nurse to clean up the mess. He stops counting. Notes: Find me at Space-Girlfriends