“If we’re doing this, I want to do it properly,” Hux says. “Otherwise - why don’t we just continue as we are?” “A small ceremony would still be ‘properly’.” “It would, but…” Hux bites his tongue for a moment. “We don’t have to invite everyone . Just… a few.” “Your idea of ‘a few’ is different to mine. Getting married should be… should be about us , not what people think.” “Getting married is about what people think. It’s letting them know you’re off-limits.” “Don’t you mean ‘committed’?” “…how is that different to what I said?” Hux isn’t sure why this is so contentious. They’re not private people, not now . And Kylo agreed to all of this when - when they made plans . Okay, so Hux hadn’t explicitly listed every single possible outcome, but he’d assumed Kylo had been able to work through the variables for himself. “I just… it’s embarrassing,” his Knight mutters. “…Kylo.” “What?” “You… do know how , don’t you?” He watches his fiancé go pink in the cheeks. “Yes.” “…but?” “…it was like, twenty years ago! And it was all… formal stuff, and… not wedding dancing.” Hux holds his hand out, waiting for Kylo to take it. “I’m not really up to modern standards, either. But we could learn together?” “But why do we have to do it?” “We don’t… have to. But I would like to. It is very intimate, and shows our commitment and synchronicity. Our… alignment to one another. Plus… it’s hot as hell.” He delivers the line with aplomb, and sees the sudden light flare in Kylo’s eyes. Even though he tries to hide it, his body language becomes much more receptive, his attention piqued. So Hux continues. “My hand on your waist, the other holding yours… cheek to cheek, whispering secrets no one can hear… the heat of your body against mine, and the world seeing how we adore one another so utterly… everyone wishing they were you, or me… knowing that forever we’re out of bounds because we’re bound…” Hux is aware this is underhanded. He doesn’t care, not when Kylo takes his hand dubiously. He pulls him in, and supports his waist, tipping him backwards and speaking into his thrown-back throat. “ The grinding together a precursor to our marriage bed …” Kylo moans, and goes supple and soft in his grip. “Fuck yes, Hux.” “So you want me to dance with you?” More nodding, and he pulls him up. Kylo’s heart flutters when their chests meet, and Hux presses kisses to his cheek. “ Please ,” Kylo whispers. “ Teach. Me.” Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 119 of the Kylux - Fluff & Angst series Next Work →