Heat General Hux was, noticeably, missing from the bridge. From the halls. From the cells. From everywhere that he normally would be. Instead, he was hiding in an abandoned conference room, tracking a package for himself - completely sealed, off the radar - as it made its way through their entrance port and toward his quarters. The moment that it was confirmed that, as he ordered, a droid delivered it and placed it on the table nearest the door, he moved. Glancing both ways down the hall before he started to make his way back to his rooms, the ginger straightened his back, leveled his shoulders, and allowed his dark sneer to appear on his lips. He could take backways to get to where he wanted, avoid almost everyone and keep to himself. He needed to get back on his medication, since his last dose was lost to him when Kylo Ren decided to shoot as much of the redhead's belongings as he could fit into an airlock into space. Another fit of rage that had nothing to do with-- "General Hux." Speak of the devil. Turning his head slightly, the officer acknowledged the living shadow as it approached him, voice garbled through the ridiculous helmet. "Lord Ren." Alpha, he brain supplied. "We have the prisoner secured. The Resistance pilot from Jakku. I expect..." The man trailed off, leaning closer to the slighter man. The moment that the General shifted away, he found himself unable to move. "You smell different. Like--" "Let. Me. Go," Hux snapped. Alpha. Alpha. Submit. Alpha. His order was gratefully followed as Ren cocked his head. Omegas weren't allowed to hold commanding positions. They weren't allowed power. They were too volatile, too moved by their biology. The General defied all of that. Tore down the social constructs and stigmas, but no one would ever know with his suppressants - also illegal. Without another word, the ginger turned and swept away, feeling those mental fingers flicking through his mind before he turned the corner and fled to his room. --- Being held captive always put the proud Poe Dameron on edge – as it would with anybody. But being held captive by his number one enemy… That had him ready to rip open throats with his bare teeth… Struggling against his restraints, Poe growled. His eyes flashed an even darker shade of onyx, the orbs nearly an endless void of darkness. Dark ringlets hung freely from their previously styled back position, now half covering his eyes as he glared menacingly at his interrogator. “Let me out of these restraints,” he growled, suddenly lunging forward as a scare tactic, “and we’ll really get this interrogation started!” As Alpha of his group, he refused to break and spill any precious secrets. No, he had to remain strong. For the sake of his people. If he were to die, there and then, in that chair, then he would die with every last secret still in his mind. Another interrogator failed, and another was sent in, but still, they couldn’t get any information out of him. They went through every extreme interrogation technique, yet still, there he remained, snarling and pissed off. Until quite the lovely scent hit his nostrils. With a deep inhale that was a borderline gasp, Poe’s eyes went wide. He struggled against his restraints, feeling that animalistic drive truly raging inside of him now. Dameron’s group were far more wild than his present company who preferred to remain dignified and stoic. Though they fought dirty, they did so in a very impressive way. Poe, however, believed in getting his hands dirty and thinking and reacting on impulse. Which is exactly what brought him to be in this predicament in the first place. Then, all at once, with the closing of a not so far away door, the scent vanished. Just a few halls down, Hux retched up the rest of his suppressants, his body trembling and heating up and, Maker, he hadn't been quick enough to get back on his medication. And being stopped by Ren, who was always throwing off Alpha pheromones like he had to prove that he was the top of the food chain - the perfect, little Force-purebred - did nothing to help him keep control of his own body. The General knew what this was, even though he had managed to keep himself from ever experiencing such a thing to begin with - had been put on suppressants the moment that he presented as an Omega by his father, who refused to 'have a bitch as a son', as he so delicately put it. But the ginger had agreed. There was more to life than biology and when he was aiming to rule the galaxy, well, he didn't have time to listen to anything that-- A mewl escaped him. Think, dammit! He needed to delegate his duties, since his body was rejecting the pills - had been for the past hour. Reports could easily be filed to say that he had an emergency that needed to be taken care of. A knock on his door silenced his thoughts as an officer - Beta, safe, not worthy, Beta - called out. "General Hux?" "What?" "We're... Having issues with the prisoner, Sir. He refuses to talk. Lord Ren wishes to interrogate him, but procedure dictates that you interrogate first." Well, his day just kept getting worse and worse. :Why do I--" Of course he cared. To give Kylo the green light meant that this man's mind would be scrambled as the knight focused on only gaining information that was relevant to his cause. The First Order needed more than that. "Fuck it all," Hux growled, spraying a Beta-scented cologne all over him before stalking to the prison cells. He had time. He could do this and leave and no one would know, the redhead told himself. Dismissing the guards - really, if his scent bled through, he didn't want to risk having them pick up on it and being forced to kill them, too - the General stepped into the cell, locking the doors behind him. "Poe Da--" Alpha. Alpha. Heat. Alpha. Ears had twitched slightly as they picked up the sound of approaching footsteps – heavy thuds of boots against hard floor. This person, this redhead, whoever they were, walked with authority, that much was certain. But as the door closed and the Alpha lifted his head, his nostrils were eager to inhale. Beta. How utterly disappointing. Perhaps Poe was wrong about the authority position, after all. Rolling his eyes, Poe huffed and looked away, already bored with whatever was still to playout between them. If the others couldn’t force a word out of Dameron’s lips, did they really think a Beta , out of anybody, would be able to get him to speak? Tch. The First Order were desperate, but not enough to send in their own Alpha. It was laughable, really. Send in the second best and hope for results. “Listen, here, I am in no mood for these silly little games. Tell your leader to quit hiding in the shadows and face--"Eyes narrowing, the captive leaned forward. His nostrils flared as he inhaled again, deeply, feeling his insides suddenly ignite. He struggled desperately against his restraints, fighting hard to get to the ginger standing before him. This was no Beta. Certainly was no Alpha, either. But there was a cover up going on here. Buried deep beneath the scent, another came through. That intoxicating, arousing scent he had caught a whiff of, earlier. A bitch in heat. Lips curving up into a smirk, Poe settled back against the chair he was currently strapped to. “Interesting…” It took a few moments for the General to convince himself not to just instantly bare his neck to the Alpha. Of course Ren couldn't have grabbed just any pilot, he had to get another leader, he had to steal away someone else who he wanted to assert dominance over. Taking a breath and instantly regretting it, with all the stench of Alpha that it contained, the Omega collected himself, forcing his smirk back onto his features - did the man know? He had to know. How could he not? His body was heating up, he could feel the flames inside of him grabbing at him, demanding he submit. Ignoring his instincts, Hux walked forward. "Poe Dameron," he read the file on his datapad. "Resistance pilot. Unbearably cocky. Black leader. And disgustingly Alpha." A pause. "What a surprise to have you in our midst. Welcome to the Finalizer. My name is General Hux. I just have a few questions for you. For your sake, I suggest you answer them." Pulling up a rolling table, the redhead placed his tablet upon the surface, flipping through the reports of what happened thus far. Worthless. Useless. Nothing. Starting from scratch, then. Fine, the Omega could deal with that. A shudder ran through Hux before he could stop it. Focus. Get in, get out, then leave. "Shall we begin with the location of your base?" As the useless bit of information was being read out loud to him, Poe kept a smirk on his lips and a heated gaze upon the Omega. He ignored the question directed entirely to him to, instead, lean forward once more. With his head tipped downwards a bit – aiming to smell the pheromones coming directly out of the Omega’s body – Poe had to lift his gaze, looking up through a few fallen curls hanging over his eyes. “Has nobody claimed you, yet?” His voice came out in a low growl. “Is that why you cover up with the other scent? Or do others around you actually believe you to be important?” It was known to all who held that distinct bloodline that the Omegas weren’t exactly treated nicely. Poe, however, wasn’t one to follow that social hierarchy. Anyone who became bitch to another, Poe demanded they be shown respect and kindness. That they weren’t just some warm body to mount, to mate, to spill in, and to reproduce with. But this, this was different. If his nostrils were telling him the truth, then here stood an unmarked Omega, cowering behind another scent in hopes of leading others off his trail. That, alone, had the Alpha’s body boiling with need and lust. Another struggle against restraints and Poe settled back against the chair, licking his lips like a hungry predator. "I'm the commanding officer of this ship, Commander Dameron, and the youngest General to ever be appointed. Trust me, I'm important." The response was clipped, meant to answer the Alpha's question - answer, submit, mate - without giving away much more information than that. Neither confirming or denying anything that the man stated. Still, his head automatically tilted, a bare twitch of a movement, giving Poe a better view of his neck for a brief second before he righted himself and moved away. Another shiver, another flare of heat, and the General pulled his greatcoat more tightly around his shoulders. He needed to finish this. He needed to start this, but how was he supposed to demand answers when his own instinct was telling him to give away whatever Dameron wanted. Jade eyes - full of clarity and calculations - locked on the pilot. The interrogators before him obviously had a bit of fun, if the bruises and bleeding said anything. "Now, as I was saying, Alpha, I'm going to need the location of your base. I'd hate to have to--" “An Omega in a power of position. Now that is unheard of, isn’t it?” Poe, once again, avoided the lingering question between them to instead, turn it back on the male in heat. Time, it seemed, was ticking. “So I go back to my original theory about you. They do not know you are an Omega. Then, what is it? Clearly something deeper is going on here? An Omega, especially one who is so attractive like yourself, couldn’t possibly go this long without being marked... And, with you, I smell no other, other than that god awful stench you are using to try and cover up with. Darlin’, let your own scent shine. Believe me, it is…” The Alpha chuckled and moved his hips in a circular motion as best as he could against the restraints. “Quite arousing.” Dark eyes trailed up and down the General’s lithe form – admiring the way the greatcoat hugged his slender body like a second skin. It was so painfully obvious that Hux was doing whatever he could within his powers to conceal his blood rank. But why ? “You couldn’t go on hiding beneath that mask forever, now could you? So, what is it? Deny yourself to an Alpha, and you could find yourself bitch to all the others, General. So, I doubt you’ve fought off your leader all this time. Then again, youngest General to date, hm? Have you given yourself in other ways to reach that rank? No, no… That I do doubt greatly…” With a sudden laugh, Poe’s grin returned. “Suppressants, am I right? Oh, Maker! That is, that is…” Another laugh and the Alpha struggled even more against his restraints – his body now very much heated and in the desire to mate. “They don’t know you are of the blood, do they? Oh, Force! So, why now? Why have you decided to cover up another way?” "Maker, do you ever stop talking?" A blush stained the ginger's cheeks as a wave of heat - stronger, now - rolled over him. His arms instantly dropped to wrap around his middle, holding himself as his body tensed - sending want and desperation through him in a force powerful enough to hurt. Fuck. Fuck, this wasn't working. Another debate jumped into the General's mind - overpowering the impulses telling him to get on his knees and present himself to the Alpha. What could he gain from this encounter that might be lost if Ren took over? How valuable was the man strapped in that chair? Hux grabbed his datapad suddenly, turning off all the security feeds to this room, to this hall, and setting everything in the area on lockdown. If the cocky pilot insisted on trying to riddle him out, the last thing that the redhead needed was for someone to overhear it and report the odd conversation to Ren. He'd lose everything - his rank, his authority, his accomplishments. More than that, he'd lose the ability to get away and ride out his heat alone. It didn't take a strategist to know that Kylo would be the first person to step up to put the General in his place, so to speak. Maker, he hated that Alpha. "Because my suppressants were destroyed," the Omega answered. "And it took too long to replace them and, well, here we are. Now. The focus of this isn't me, Alpha. Let's talk about you. Roguish, but trustworthy. Feral, but contained. You're a breed bred for war and dominance, yet you put yourself in harm's way. Either you genuinely believe that what you're fighting for is worth the risk, or you don't care what happens to you." Hux cocked his head. Another shudder hit him hard enough to make him grab the table for support. A small sound tore itself from him as his back tensed up completely, then slowly relaxed once more. He needed to step away. He needed to recollect himself. Maker, he needed to submit and mate. Every wave of heat, Poe could feel. Every near crippling rush of need, Poe felt. It had his cock fully stiff, now, his own unique scent bleeding through the Omega’s confusing one. Continuing to struggle against the restraints, Poe ached for the slender body. He’d been around plenty in heat before, but none held such a captivating pull on him – not like this. It was almost as if Poe, himself, was going through a rough heat cycle instead of just standing on the outskirts of another’s. “Perhaps a bit of both,” the Commander finally gave up a tiny piece of information about himself. Something to keep the General’s attention on him long enough until he’s finally reached his breaking point and surrendered. “You are fighting it so hard, dear one. Why? Is this..?” It had to be. With the scent coming off the other’s persona, Poe knew it to be true. “This is your first cycle, isn’t it? You’ve been on your suppressants for so long…” Oh, that only fueled the Alpha even further. His strength increasing as his blood pumped through him, another struggle had some of the restraints loosening. “I can smell how badly you want this. Me. Your body is ready, darlin’. Don’t deny it… Let me go. I can help you through this!” Another struggle and his restraints were loosened further. Dameron growled, tossing his head back and arching his body forward. The crotch of his pants were damp, now. A true signifier as to how badly, he as well, had the urge to couple. Another scent was coming from the Alpha, now. His true marking scent. Not his normal aroma. This was different. Stronger. This would be the scent that others would smell on Hux, should the Alpha get his way with the Omega. Hux shook his head, trembling more and more as fire burned him from the inside. Mewls fell forth from him as his body reacted to the new scent. He could feel his slick, now, as his body clicked into his heat. It hit him like a wall - crashing over him as he struggled to control his mind, even as his biology took over him. Jade eyes turned once more to look at the Alpha. Chocolate eyes and ringlets of black - charcoal lines on papyrus skin. No, it was more than that. The pilot was dipped in gold. And, Maker, the General wanted to do what he said. Just let him go. To fall onto his hands and knees and give himself over to... "T-Tell me about--" a whine cut off the man's question, another wave of fire wrapping around him. And that was it - he couldn't fight it anymore. He was in heat, and that reflected on the flush on his cheeks, the way his eyes started to glaze over with need. "Alpha~" He whimpered, his own scent clashing with Poe's, begging to bond with it. "Alpha, please..." Shuddering, Hux collected himself one last time. "Don't... Maker, I don't want to be... A slave... T-To anyone." A pause, a mewl as the General dropped to his knees. "Please... Please..." Hux closed his eyes as he mentally growled at himself for sealing his fate. For proving just what his father had always told him - he'd give himself up to the first Alpha who looked his way. Because that's what his blood told him to do. It was what his mind demanded. It's what was written into his very biology. And it was treason. Chapter 2 : It was Biology Chapter by HJMoriarty Notes: Please heed the rating. Happy Holidays! xoxo “Things are run much differently in my neck of the woods,” the Alpha growled with one last great struggle, finally freeing his arms of their restraints. Reaching down, he undid the ones hooking his ankles in place and stood freely, arms stretched high over his head. Once his joints popped back into place and his muscles shifted properly where they should have been, the Alpha began working on opening up his pants. The way that the Omega had knelt down signified that he was giving himself completely to his superior. Rank amongst the war mattered not, in this situation, and the prisoner wasn’t going to argue. Nearly ripping the greatcoat off the trembling body, Poe dropped onto his knees behind the other, Poe’s arms wrapped tightly around his lithe frame. His nose pressed just below the ginger’s ear, softly inhaling his more natural, regular scent. Mouth already watering, one hand cupped Hux’s chin, forcing him to turn his head. Their lips crashed together in a rough kiss as the other hand worked to open Hux’s clothing as well. With both hands free, he had the General’s pants and underwear pushed down, allowing his stiff cock to spring free and that overwhelming scent of the Omega in hit to entirely consume him. Dameron scooted back enough for him to push Hux onto his hands and knees. One of his hands spread apart the other’s ass cheeks, getting a good look at the moist entrance just waiting to be fucked. He leaned in, taking a good breath before his tongue flicked out and swiped at the moisture there. “Oh, fuck, doll… Oh, fuck!” Another swipe, then the Commander’s tongue shoved into the intoxicating heat. Like a hungry predator, he began to tongue fuck the Omega, purely out of selfish want, tasting as much of his soon-to-be-mate as he possibly could. Hux mewled, legs spreading and weight falling onto his forearms as he presented himself, surrendered himself. Having the Alpha, there, sent waves of want through the Omega as he bowed his back and pressed back against Dameron's tongue. Pleasure rolled over him as the pilot - mate, claim, breed - teased him, licking up his slick like it was the sweetest candy in the galaxy. "Alpha, please," Hux cried. "Knot me. Breed me." Heat in full swing, now, the General gasped and whined, the scent of his soon to be lover overtaking his senses. It smelled so good, it smelled like a forest after the rain. Earthy. Organic. It smelled like everything that the redhead wanted to smell like. He wanted it to twist around his own spicy, cinnamon, scent. Wanted them to become one. His mind came back to him with sudden clarity, heart pounding in his ears as his body was pushed into his first heat, the postponed cycle hitting him harder than it normally would. "Please," he murmured - begging slightly differently, now. "Don't... Don't treat me like them ." Another shudder - pleasure from Poe's ministrations pulling a groan from him as his body rolled in a delicate balance of pleasure and want. "Oh, fuck." Treat him like who? Other Omegas? Other around in the General’s life? Poe was fully prepared to mount Hux from behind, fuck him like the bitch he should be, but that plea stopped him. Something about that whine in the back of his voice made him actually feel guilty for wanting to pup him like that. He had no reason to feel like such - he was Alpha, after all, and Hux, his Omega. Regardless, the pilot huffed in annoyance and pulled back. As he stood and forced the taller male up and off his knees as well, Poe reached in through the zipper of his pants and pulled his own hardened arousal free from his underwear. Returning to the seat he was just strapped to, the pilot sat back down, then made quick work of having the ginger fully remove the rest of his lower clothing so he stood there perfectly nude from the waist down. “Get on me,” he suddenly growled, one hand gripping his cock and pumping small droplets of musky precum through the slit. The ginger moved to follow his order instantly, his mind so far gone that he didn't have the thought to argue. His Alpha gave him a demand, and he would follow it. Planting his knees on either side of Poe, Hux wrapped his lithe arms around the pilot, holding tightly to him for balance. This little gesture - to fuck him in a way that wasn't just instinct and breeding, but a way that let him still retain some control - had the General giving a soft trilling sound that he was hardly even aware of. Hiding away in the crook of Dameron's neck, the redhead lightly nuzzled there, marking the man while also drawing all of the musky smell to himself. Then, just as his instinct told him to, Hux lowered himself onto the Alpha, his slick spilling over the cock as it slipped inside of him - muscles stretching and body opening little by little to the intrusion, something that the General would have to thank his genetics for later, when all of this was done and his thoughts could complete themselves once more. "Mate," the whimper came forth, a soft sound seeking reassurance - wanting to know if he was doing what the pilot wanted. All thoughts of the war, of the base he was building, of the ranks he held vanished from his mind. "Please?" Poe’s head tossed back as he felt the slick, tight body descending over his cock. A deep, chest rumbling groan worked its way up and out of his throat as he maintained a rather tight grip on the slender hips – urging the slighter male to fully surround him before allowing him to stop. The last thing the Alpha was expecting was to not only mate, but fully mark, an Omega once he was captured. And yet, there they were, Poe’s body already dribbling bits of his essence into the General’s very eager and accepting one. “Move, dammit…” Using one of the foot rests attached to the chair, Poe pushed up, his cock suddenly pressing deeper into Hux’s pliant body. He gasped, that overwhelming rush of pleasure beating through his veins, before doing it again. Then a third, and a fourth time. In the process, he forced the Omega to move up and down as well, fucking up into him with grunts and low growls. It didn’t take very long before his body began to sweat from the workout, but the Alpha didn’t stop. This moment wasn’t meant to be an exchange between two lovers. No, this was a completion of a naturalistic task – the first time claiming of a virginal Omega. Poe knew that. Deep down, he knew this was more so for his pleasure, the need for his release, than it was for the one going through the heat cycle. But that didn’t stop him from reaching between their bodies with one hand, the other now anchoring firmly on the armrest of the chair. Gripping Hux’s impossibly stiff cock, Poe began to tug on him with swift, desperate motions. His release was already building as his biology needed to fill the other with his seed. They’d have plenty of time – in a perfect world – to fully explore each other’s bodies, once this initial coupling was done. So with a final cry, Poe’s hips thrusted up as hard as they could as his seed, his mark, came flooding through him, shooting from the tip of his cock and officially marking the Omega as his. And only his. The ginger cried out, feeling the claim and following his Alpha - that's what Poe was, now; prisoner, perhaps, but not just that any longer - over the edge. He came between their bodies with a cry, body quivering as it clenched rhythmically around his lover's cock. Hux pulled the pilot's head toward his neck, baring it to the other man in offering as his pleasure hazed over his mind, fogging up his thoughts as he stayed right where he was. The first wave of his heat slowly subsided - never disappearing, just waning. It settled, then, the knowledge of what was happening - of the bond that was being formed between the two of them. A First Order General - a hidden Omega that was well on his way to shattering all the presumptions that anyone had about his blood rank, and a Resistance Commander - an Alpha with more confidence than he knew what to do with. Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck! The ginger made a soft sound - a broken sort of squeak as he let go of Poe's head so that he could go back to nuzzling the pilot's neck and cheek, seeking as much contact and affirmation from his mate as he could get. He murmured something in his old tongue, too soft for it to be heard as he lay, content, over the shorter man. From what he read - from what he felt - it wouldn't be long before his next wave hit. Maker, it was going to be a long day if this heat was broken soon. Jade eyes slid closed as the General rocked against Poe before murmuring. "If you tell me where your base is, I can deliver you there." A trick and a tease all at once - his militant side always controlling his thoughts as soon as it could. Ordering his tongue to speak once more and refusing to be silenced over the battle waging inside of him. Still, in that moment, he couldn't care less about the information. Not yet. Maybe later that day. That week. That year. But not just then. "Am I yours, Alpha?" That smirk reappeared, despite the heat mellowing his mind. "Gonna take me away? Give me your pups?" Even if that first orgasm, that first mating, had already ended, Poe wasn't ready to break apart from his Omega. Hux's heat cycle was driving him madder and madder with need. He could feel it all building up rapidly inside of him. Sure, this coupling was nice. It was pleasuring, to say the least, relieving. But it wasn't enough . The Alpha could feel his knot still swelling. This wasn't over. Not in the slightest. They had sex. Poe was able to mark him. But he didn't quite mate him... Pups, of course, were a very likely possibility. Poe hadn't reproduced with another, yet. Not that he didn't want an heir, and then some more, but he had purposely played it smart. He wasn't an Alpha to take multiple Omega's and develop his own pack... He knew those types, of course, had come across them in his travels. But he was simply too possessive of his mate - of anyone that he would share a bond with. Poe was already possessive of his squad - standing over them as the Alpha of the skies. With the First Order General, however, it all felt different. "You are mine," Dameron growled in response as he stood, suddenly, strong arms wrapped firmly around Hux's lithe body. Moving to his knees, he laid Hux down and slipped out of him before flipping him onto his hands and knees. Now, this... This was much more primitive and animalistic. "As are any pups I put into you." Eager hands ripped off any remaining clothing on Hux's frame - literally, ripping the fabric in half and tossing it behind him. Once he had himself fully undressed as well, his calloused fingertips dug into the ginger's hips, pulling him back quite suddenly onto his re-hardened cock. This time, a howl ripped through him, more than likely reaching any ears on the outside. While Hux may have been in heat, that cycle certainly had him in a rut. Poe would quite literally kill anyone who dared come between him and his mate at this point. Thrusting into him, then snapping his hips back, Poe focused on spearing his lover's slick and used entrance with his prick. He was sure his size was causing the other discomfort with this much rougher moment, but he couldn't stop now. As he continued to pound into him, the Commander leaned down, nuzzling any part of Hux that he could with his neck, marking him with that softer - though very much noticeable - scent. Hux whimpered, arms trembling as the pilot slammed into him again and again. He could feel the hints of pain from this claiming treatment - these rough pushes and pulls as Poe's knot started to clip the ginger's entrance with each movement - and grit his teeth slightly, his heat-induced mind muffling most of it and just translating it into more primitive sensations. Mate, claim, breed, mate, claim, breed. A soft cry escaped the Omega as pleasure danced before his eyes, his body suddenly tensing up as his sweet spot was hit, causing his toes to curl as they fucked. Jade eyes gazed over the General's shoulder, foggy as they sought out the eyes of his Alpha, of his mate, of the man who he had been sent in to interrogate and dismantle. So much for that idea, now that he was mewling and writhing and begging to be taken and owned. The blush on his cheeks deepened, staining the bridge of his nose and his cheekbones in splashes of red and pink, his lips parted slightly in the little sounds he was making, unable to control his own voice anymore. His mind was like static - bits and pieces of his own thoughts filtering through the white noise of his instincts, only to be drown out once more. He wasn't exactly experienced in mating acts or heat cycles, but this felt... There was something more to this. Some invisible bond, for the ginger never once had it in his mind to be claimed by anyone, but, now... Now he was rethinking that. And perhaps that was just his Omega biology telling him that he needed an Alpha and this one - the first one to take him through this - would be the one to keep him. "Please," Hux gasped out, not entirely sure what he was begging for, but asking nonetheless. His own biology answered as he tilted his head and arched his back, showing off the length of his slender form. "Mate me. Ah!" The half-cry, half-shout tore through the air. "Want--please--yours!" "Keeping yelling who you belong to, now!" It took but only two more deep thrusts into Hux's body before Poe's knot locked inside of him. The mating was official as his head was tossed back. It was the most overwhelming sensation the Alpha could even imagine and it took him entirely by surprise. It had him freezing in place, yelling out his pleasure in broken sounds and sharp cries. There was an indescribable bond developing between the two that had the Alpha's flesh crawling with bumps and a heated rush of ice. Leaning back in, Poe captured the Omega's lips with his own as he picked up his speed with his thrusts once again, feeling that unbreakable connection between them as he was now buried fully within his mate's body. Even if he wanted to, or was forced to, at this point, Poe would be unable to pull free from the General's body. Not until the mating was finished and his knot went down. And, quite honestly, Poe had no desire, whatsoever, to be broken apart from his Omega at this moment. Tears of overwhelm clung to reddish-blonde lashes as Hux made soft sounds against his mate's lips, a soft expression of confusion flitting over the ginger's face for a moment when he noted that he couldn't pull away. Realization dawned on him a moment later and he ceased all his motions, holding steady against the Commander's motions. In the span of a day, the Omega had gone from the General of the First Order to being the mate of a Resistance pilot. Breaking the kiss they shared, the slender male gazed up at his Alpha, body trembling, but his heat much more bearable as his body clenched around his prisoner. Mind starting to clear itself once more, Hux spoke again, softer, now, that he had given in to both his blood-rank and to the other man. "Mate..?" His voice was low, eyes flashing almost warningly for a moment as the reality that, in the war, they were enemies, returned to his thoughts. In a moment, though, he lowered himself closer to the floor in a show that he wasn't challenging the other man. He had hated being an Omega all his life - suppressed it, hid it, threw away any portion of evidence that could be tied to his true nature. He loathed the idea of submission and being lesser, just because he was born a certain way - genetics, he often said, did not make the man. Now he was starting to rethink that. With a little roll of his hips and a gasp, the General turned his head, showing off his unmarked neck and bond spot to the Alpha. "If you're going to mate me, Commander Dameron, don't half-ass it." Though his tone was authoritative, he kept his voice just barely above a whisper. Mate. Claim. Breed. "Please, Mate." Teeth bared, Poe bent in to Hux's neck and began on working a very dark and claiming mark to the otherwise pale flesh. His thrusting was unstoppable now as the repetitive smacking sounds of their bodies connecting over and over causing his insides to flare even more. His mouth did not stop working on the mark until he actually had a taste of the General's blood on his tongue - and even then, he proceeded to lap over the wound with his tongue in an almost healing way. Everyone would know, now, that the bitch had an owner. Whether they were of the blood and could smell him on him, or just by simply glancing at the love bite. The Omega was claimed. Inside, and out. And Poe would stop at nothing, now, to make others accept that. Even if it meant taking on the Omega's previous Alpha personally. "I don't half-ass anything, darlin'." With a grunt, Poe moved so that he was only kneeling on one knee, his other bent with the associated foot planted firmly against the ground. The new, slight change in position, gave the Alpha enough leverage to really slam forward. Every thrust had Hux's body pushing forward, causing him to have to pull him back by the grip on his waist. He was sure that the General would have scrapped kneecaps and palms by the end of this, which Poe would more than likely find great pride in tending to. One thing that teetered on the edge of his mind was the curiosity as to how long this particular heat cycle would remain. Poe wasn't sure when Hux's first cycle would have hit, had he not been on suppressants from the start, but he was sure that it has been put on hold for quite a while, now. Knowing that made Poe question if this would last upwards towards an entire week. If that was the case, then they would have some discussing to do... Hux cried out. Scrabbling to find a hold on the ground, even as his mate continued to thrust into him, wringing whimpers and whines from the ginger. His head was thrown back in bliss as he was roughly fucked into, claimed. He grew more and more desperate as the bond between them solidified, his heat coming in waves as he ground back into each press forward. He could feel the bruises forming on his hips, fingerprints and handprints marred into his skin in vivid purple hues. Another thrust - harder and angled perfectly to his prostate - pushed him over the edge as the General came onto the floor, white splattered against the dark tile in streaks. In the final showing of his submission as his body fell into aftershocks of pleasure, jade eyes closing as Hux dropped downward, chest almost level with the ground, though he kept his hips lifted and his back bowed, offering himself to his Alpha. "Please. Mate," he whimpered. His cycle wasn't over and he knew it, had no idea when it would work itself through his system, but it was taking over his mind. It didn't matter - nothing did but the man behind him, the way their bodies connected, the way he wanted... He was a General, who would instantly give it all away if his Alpha ordered. It was biology. "Alpha, please!" He cried against the unrelenting thrusts. "Want--please--breed, mate." "Ahh!! Nngh, shit!!" Though it took a few more deep drives into his new mate's body, Poe finally found his release. As he came undone, it was like a powerful wave of heat washed though him - making it the most intense orgasm that he has ever recalled feeling. He thrusted deep into the slick and spent body as he unloaded his seed, filling the General with his claim. Spicy met Earthy in a scent combination so intoxicating that it had a second, powerful wave consuming the Commander's body. Breathing heavily, unable to form any sort of sentence, Poe finally collapsed on top of his lover. In doing so, he flipped them so that they were both on their sides, his legs tangling around the others. "N-No, no, don't try to move," he whispered, hissing as his body continually jolted with lingering sensation. He knew it would be a while before the swelling of his knot went down, making them connected for even longer. That didn't bother him in the slightest, though. Dameron was always one that preferred to hold his lover after they've both hit their peak. And this... This ever growing and deepening bond developing between them gave him that urge even further. The Alpha's hand slid around Hux's body until he found his softening prick. Holding onto it with gentle ease, he stroked him, pumping out any lingering cum that his Omega had inside of him, and having it land warmly on his hand. Once he was sure that the General had nothing left this round to gift him with, he lifted that same hand to his own mouth. His tongue eagerly tasted his Omega's seed for the first time, causing a low groan to rumble in his chest. "Fuck, love... You taste so good," he whispered, enjoying every last drop that he could before returning to snuggling up against the taller frame. Lips lazily peppered flushed skin with kisses, though the pilot made absolutely no attempt to move. Hux cuddled back into the gentle gestures, purring and trilling as kisses were bestowed upon his skin. He felt warmer, now, but for a reason that had nothing to do with his heat. He felt complete, cared for. He felt safe, and that's something that he never knew was possible around Alphas. Yes, he never was strictly intimidated by Kylo or others in his blood rank, the ginger knew what it meant if he were ever to be discovered by his peers. It wouldn't just be his military rank that would be at risk. Now, though, with the pilot's scent on him and his claim both inside and out...the ginger felt content. Shifting slightly and feeling the other man's cock move inside him, still locked and knotted inside of him. A soft sound tumbled passed his lips, oversensitive nerves sparking to life. A thought - one of his own - flickered through his mind. "Fuck," he groaned, pale hands reaching down to hold onto Poe's arm at his waist. "R-roll us over. I need... I need my datapad before someone comes looking for me." "You," another kiss pressed against warm, pale flesh, "are in no position," a lingering kiss, right beneath Hux's ear, "to be," a nuzzle, a soft hum of contentment, "barking out orders." Moving his hands, Poe's own covered Hux's that were holding onto his arm, intertwining their fingers together. His nose nuzzled against below the hollow of the General's ear, softly inhaling that delectable scent that oozed from his pores. Nevertheless, the Commander slowly and carefully rolled them over. In the process, he wiggled his hips to see if the swelling had gone down any but found them to still be locked together. So as Hux went on to busy himself with whatever it was that he deemed necessary, Poe returned to pampering his Omega with comforting caresses and caring kisses. He found that he simply could not get enough of the warm, welcoming body. His hips slowly pushed back and forth, not to arouse himself any further, but more so just for that connection that the movement brought. It made the Alpha chuckle, however, to think that even if Hux was not of the blood line, that he still would have flirted and possibly tried to mount the General, simply because of that basic attraction to the tall, slender redhead. "What is your name, Omega?" He asked in a soft voice, his lips never leaving the General's neck. The redhead’s fingers faltered over his datapad as his mate started to thrust inside of him. The tablet dropped to the ground the moment that Hux no longer needed it, clattering against the floor and completely overshadowed by the soft whimpers that started up once again - even those little teasing motions set his body on fire. Dripped him in want once more as he rolled his hips and tilted his head back. But that question rang loud in the General's mind. There was power in a name, especially when it was that of an Omega. To give it away was to give an Alpha the power to order him around in a way that he couldn't deny. With his name, Poe could make it so that Hux could never argue against him, but instead just have to blindly submit to his will. It happened again and again to people of his blood rank. After all, Omegas were only good for fucking, claiming, and making pups. Even the First Order didn’t have his full name on file, his alias only a partial truth that he offered them – keeping his full identity hidden away and locked up only in his mind so that no one could use it against him. The last thing he wanted was for anyone to snap an order at him that he was bound by his blood to follow. But his Alpha asked it of him. "Daire Armitage Hux," he whispered. "Please don't abuse it. I know I have no right to ask it of you, but don't. I've lived my entire life as a free soul. I made myself. I made all of this. Don't cage me, now, Alpha." Chapter 3 : You Want Out? Chapter by HJMoriarty "Daire," the Alpha repeated, his voice almost husking the name out. His lips curved up into a smirk as his hips continued their light back and forth motion. A soft popping sound and a low groan from the Commander, and he was able to pull away from the Omega's body completely. He rolled away from the warm and comforting body, his back now pressed flush against the cold, hard ground. With a brief stretch, he stood, his cock still half hardened as it hung thick and heavy in front of him. "I do not seek to control you, Omega. I am in no markets for a slave." Dameron knew perfectly well how the blood ranks worked, but he sought to treat his mates differently. With more class, and more respect. "I am not asking you to give up your entire life for my pleasure." Those words were spoken rather carefully, though. Here, he had the power to single-handedly bring down the entire First Order by stealing away their main character. But obedient as Daire may be to him, he wanted him to do so more out of respect and actual feeling, than forced to because of his biology. "You are not done with your cycle, but I cannot stay here much longer before my own men come searching for me. And believe me, they will destroy everything you've built up. So you are going to come with me, do you understand, Daire? Back to my base. Not as a prisoner, but as my mate. Because that is what you now are." As he spoke, Dameron worked on redressing himself. It wouldn't be very long before his Omega's next wave crashed over them both, and quite honestly, he wasn't looking forward to any more romping sessions on the floor. Buckling his belt, the Commander sighed down at the General. "You will be returned safely. I can assure you, that. But we have much to discuss once you are in a more stable state of mind. Come, get dressed. I can't be expected to get us out of here safely with you looking so fuckin' delicious like that." "Yes, Alpha," Hux answered - because that's what he was supposed to do, and his entire being moved with his response, standing and beginning the process of dressing once more. His uniform top, however, was in tatters. A red eyebrow twitched, a jade glare sent over to the pilot as the General pulled on his greatcoat instead and buttoned it tightly around them. "You ruin my clothes and then expect me to get dressed. Brilliant, really. Are you going to put me in a desert, next, and expect me to swim?" The Omega huffed as he finished dressing, one hip slightly cocked. He could feel his body beginning to tremble, again. Could feel the way that it started to prepare itself anew and yearn for the pilot. He parted his lips to say something more when he picked up a scent very, very close to them and moving ever nearer. Alpha. Powerful. Dark. It smelled like fire and burning skin. It smelled like death. "Kylo," Daire hissed, spinning back around to grab his datapad, desperately searching for anything that would tell him that Ren had a reason for being here other than the prisoner. And there was that feeling of tearing - his mind and body fighting once more, because in his head, Hux knew that this was dutiful. That Poe was an enemy in a war and the First Order needed information. This would be the quickest route to obtain that - just have it plucked from him. But his body reminded the Omega that this was his mate and that Poe was in danger of the dark Alpha hurting him. His heart told him that Kylo finding out that he was an Omega only led down one road. His heart also whispered that he wanted Dameron, but he could think about that after all of this. For a fleeting moment, the Alpha was too intrigued by the sight of his Omega. But not even half a breath later, his own body was riddled with different smells and, inevitably, emotions. He felt pulled towards his mate, sensing another wave of the heat cycle readying to make itself known, but a snarl ripped past his lips. Another Alpha. This one, however, was emitting a rather choking, disturbing scent. It gave the Commander a different kind of chill as the other approached more and more. "Get behind me," Poe growled, already pushing the General back as he dropped down into a fighting stance. No, Daire was his, now. And no other Alpha was going to take the ginger from him. At least, not while he was still alive. Even if this other one that was approaching already gave him rather foreboding feelings, Poe would defend the taller male regardless of what it cost him. "This is your Alpha, isn't it? I am starting to understand why you've wanted to keep your blood rank a secret from him. Maker, he's a foul, loathsome man, isn't he? You must be ready to run on command, do you hear me? Do not look back, do not stop and wait for me. I don't know how familiar you are with what exactly is about to happen, but it usually does not end well. Especially not once he realizes what you truly are, and that you have already been claimed." "Kylo Ren is hardly my..." the General's voice almost instantly vanished as realization dawned on him. "You're going to fight him? Poe, he has the Force. He's more powerful than anyone I've ever met, other than Snoke. He's... You can't. Alpha, please." Even as he spoke, though, the Omega shifted his weight onto his toes, readying himself to run or to fight or to do whatever he had to do. Jade eyes locked on the door, the footsteps faltering on the other side of it. He could feel that reach, feel the cold power that radiated from his co-commander. It wrapped around the room like shadows, stretching from wall to wall as the knight tagged them and where they were, what they were doing, and the scents that were now wafting from the interrogation room. A growl - mechanical, garbled, domineering - sounded from just outside in the hall, pheromones reaching Daire's senses and toying with them. The sith smelled like ash and it made Hux want to shrink even further behind the pilot. It was meant to not just intimidate, but to force everyone to bend to Ren's will. To bow down to him, before him. The ginger's body trembled despite himself, his heat reacting to both Alphas as he tried to keep himself together, tried to breathe in only Poe's scent. Failing, a small noise fell from him and that was all it took for Kylo to suddenly be back in motion, the locks on the doors bending and morphing away from their hinges as his power pulled them open. He stalked in - all shadows and darkness and death. That mask gleaming in the light like a blade, like a warning. "Omega," Kylo hissed, his voice sending a shiver through the ginger that was one part pleasant and three parts terrifying. "I should have known you were a bitch, General." "How is it, Alpha, that you could not smell an Omega among your ranks? Huh? You are worthless. Pathetic. What sort of Alpha are you? I could smell him long before he got in here. Here's how it's going to pan out, buddy," Poe snapped, drawing Ren's attention. There was a very rare strand of blood that certain people of the blood line could receive, and Dameron came from a long line of it. Eyes darkening, then flashing a sudden shade of blood red, he crouched over, teeth barred. His canines began to thin out first, before developing razor sharp tips to them - all the better to rip through raw meat with. The muscles in his arms started to harden and grow as the basic shape of his body shifted. The sound of ripping fabric filled the space between them, but Poe stopped himself. This was just a show of retaliation. If Kylo wanted to use his little mind tricks, then Poe would use his tricks of his own. It wasn't very often that the Commander allowed the shift to happen. Though he'd been dealing with it for many, many years now, it never once became easier for any less painful. Deep inside, he could feel the ripping and burning pain overcoming his muscles, but he refused to let it reach his features. "We're done here." "I'm impressed," Kylo stated, his tone almost bored as he cocked his head, that mask hiding any expression that lay underneath. He was like a grim. Death incarnate as he moved around the room, each step slow, controlled. He was pacing around his territory, keeping a watchful gaze on the pilot before turning his attention to the ginger once more. "Omega." Hux whimpered in return, body flashing with warmth as the two Alphas fought over him. "I can't wait to break you," Ren growled to the General - and, not for the first time, Daire was grateful that the taller man didn't know his true name. It was hard enough to stay on his feet with-- "On your knees." Managing to deny the order only until the Force wrapped around him, Hux dropped to the ground behind Dameron, whining as he did so. A pale hand reached out to paw at the curly-haired man's leg. " Alpha ." He begged, pleading with Poe to understand that he still chose him, that the new blood rank - magic, deadly, threatening - was not who he wanted. Rolling his shoulders, his head tipping from one side to the other, Poe could feel his flesh bubbling. His joints continued to crack, the sound loud and disturbing in the interrogation room, muscles twisting and stretching before tightening painfully to aide in the distorting of the Alpha’s form. His yell echoed from the room out into the corridor as he then dropped down onto both knees, ripping at his hair. The change was perhaps the most painful experience one could ever go through. Normally, he could control it – it took him many, many years of practicing, but he finally found the way that he was able to. Once anger boiled his blood, though, there was no going back. Back arching, arms held up as they morphed into impossible shapes, Poe yelled again. His voice was very much deeper than it was before, holding a thick growl to it. Red eyes flicked to his mate forced into submission by some pathetic magic trick. “Run,” he growled, then suddenly threw the General’s datapad with great force towards the Force-wielder, hoping to distract the Knight just long enough for Daire to make it out of the room. A final yell, a loud tearing of clothing, and Poe’s body finished its change, leaving him panting hard, his senses amplified tenfold. The datapad hung in the air, utterly useless as the masked man readied himself for a fight before the great, black wolf that now stood before him - keeping him from his prize. He wanted the slender Omega - perhaps only because of who it was and how much he wanted to see the high and mighty General crying out beneath him. Wanted to see him follow every order as he learned that his place was kneeling at the knight's feet, a nice collar around his neck and a leash held tightly in Ren's hand. He wanted to Hux to break. To be the bitch he was born to be. Speaking of... The ginger fought against the Force, pushing against it with his own mind until the invisible chains started creaking, pulling at the screws until they screamed in protest. Finally, it snapped, the knight's attention focusing solely on the redhead as he shoved off his influence and bolted toward the door. Kylo reached out to stop him just as Hux drew his blaster and took a shot at him, drawing his attention, there, as he deflected the beam of light. The doors slid closed. Perhaps... Perhaps the General would be a more useful mate than he originally thought... "I didn't know we had the best pilot in the Resistance on board," Ren drawled. "I'll finish you first, then I'll take your Omega as my own." Snarling and growling, Poe circled his next victim. He would find great pleasure in feasting upon Kylo's warm flesh, though deep down, he knew it would taste bitter and ruined - much like the Knight's soul. It was clear that Ren aimed to intimidate, but the other Alpha refused to let it happen. Not when his mate’s safety depended on it. That thought ripped another snarl from Dameron. His mate’s safety. Suddenly, it wasn’t just his views on the war that mattered. It wasn’t his group of people he stood for. Now, there was his mate. The Omega he bred and claimed. The one who may one day, carry his pups for him. And now, it was up to him to stay alive. Now, having a mate, to die before producing a son could mean the end of his bloodline. Permanently. Giving up and surrendering was never one of Poe’s strong suits. But he knew which battles he had to pick. And, sadly, this right here, right now, wasn’t one of them. He’d never defeat Kylo under such circumstances. Kylo was the type that had to be caught unprepared on the battlefield. Being cornered in a small room with his every focus on the Commander wouldn’t accomplish anything. So with a soft whimper of defeat, Poe’s ears fell forward, his tail hanging low as he slowly allowed himself to change back. “What do you want to know?” He groaned, body still trembling as it forced itself to finish the transformation. --- So perhaps bolting down near-empty halls without looking where he was going wasn't the best idea that Hux could have thought up, but he didn't have much of a choice. He couldn't fight off Ren and being in the same room with both Alphas just meant that he was giving his mate something else to worry about - his mate who had turned into a wolf-creature to stand against the force of Kylo Ren. Stepping into a side room, the ginger slid to the ground, panting and trembling and completely at his wits end. But he needed to think. He needed to focus because if Poe somehow managed to escape or survive, then they would have to get out if the pilot was going to get Daire through his heat and, really, the Omega's mind was still half fogged with hormones that were telling him that he needed to have wolf-pups. Or, well... So, maybe they would be hybrid pups, but he and Dameron could address that later when-- The General was on his feet and spinning around in the blink of an eye, facing the stormtrooper that walked in on him with a growl and a snarl on his lips. Beta. Useless. Intruder. The soldier held up his hands, stuttering over his words as he reached up and took off his helmet. That was against regulation. That wasn't orderly. "G-General Hux?" FN-2187 asked in a shaky voice, his dark eyes watching the redhead. Fear laced his gaze, as did confusion and the sparks of realization. "A-Are you okay? Because you don't look okay. And are--are you..? That smell... Is it..?" FN-2187? FN-2187. He was new to the ranks and already an outsider. Sent to reconditioning after he had refused to open fire on the village they had picked Poe up from. Hux stepped forward, looming over the trooper before leaning down and sniffing at him. Not a threat. Free spirit. "You want out?" Daire questioned instead of answering any of the inquiries thrown his way. "Do exactly what I tell you and I can get all of us out, understood? You don't get to go halfway, here, 2187. You're either in this, or out. But if you're in, my orders are law." --- It all happened much too quickly once Poe began to surrender. It was no longer just him trying to protect himself, but rather, keep this Force user, this Castor-Alpha away from his mate. Clothes barely covering his body as they now were tattered and shredded, Poe was forced back into the interrogation chair and locked in place. He struggled, though not as much as he initially did when he was brought to that room. Once Ren had begun pushing into the Alpha’s mind, Poe cried out. The sensation was more than a simple intrusion – it felt like claws were digging through whatever wall of defense Poe could possibly put up. It had him pushing as hard against the back of the chair as he could, almost as if he was trying to break through the thick metal contraption. But Kylo continued. He made it through wall after wall until he was finally settled perfectly at ease inside the pilot’s mind. Tears streamed from the corners of the Commander’s eyes as the Knight picked through whatever memory he wanted. Watched as Poe finally claimed the Omega, witnessed the moment that the bonding was completed. Nothing was safe. Nothing would remain private at this point. It had Dameron whimpering in submission, wanting nothing more than to rip this man to shreds. Once Ren finally got the bit of information that he wanted, he stepped back from the battered man with a smirk. “I am going to enjoy ripping your bitch to shreds. Remarking him and claiming him for my own. Then once I am done, I will send him in to finish you off.” And just like that, Poe was left alone. There was a searing pain still in his head as he fought desperately to free himself from the situation. Daire was in danger and he could do absolutely nothing about it. There was a moment, Hux assumed, that the knight was surprised to see him waiting outside of the interrogation room - fully dressed once more with one hand holding his wrist in a way that he found comforting. The Alpha turned his head, breathed in through the mask in a way that made the Omega tremble. The next wave of his heat had not yet hit, but it was coming and he could feel it, Ren could smell it, and it showed in his voice as he lowly growled to the slighter man. "It's in a droid. A BB-Unit." "Well, then," Daire answered, jade eyes staring up at Kylo. Calm. Stay Calm. Alpha. Alpha. Submit. "If it's on Jakku, then we'll soon have it." "I leave that to you," the Alpha murmured, suddenly stepping close to the General, crowding him against the wall. A hydraulic hiss sounded in the near-silent hallway, followed quickly by a resounding thump as Ren dropped his helmet to the floor, warm breath beating down on the mark that Poe made - just barely hidden by the neck of the ginger's uniform. "What do you think, General? Should I take you here? Make you scream so that your Scum-Alpha can hear as you're claimed by another? Bred like you should be? Made into my bitch to carry my pups?" Hux didn't meet Kylo's eyes, nor did he try. His resolve was already starting to wane as pheromones were shot into the air all around them, caressing and stifling him from all sides as they tried to trigger his heat once more. And it was working. He hated it with every fiber of his being, but it was working. He mewled once, caught himself before he could bare his neck, and gathered himself once more. "I-If you want that map, Lord Ren, then I wouldn't advise it. Every moment you waste is a moment that it g-gets far--farther away." The knight licked a stripe up the General's throat that made the ginger squirm. "When you're finished, I will have you. You'll be mine and I will leash you like you should be." With that, the man moved away, walking down the hall like a shadow come to life - like a demon waiting to take an unsuspecting victim. Daire turned on his heel and started walking in the opposite direction, stopping for a moment around the corner. "Get him out, FN-2187, and you'll be free as well." "General--" Hux cut off the hidden stormtrooper. "I'll... I'll either meet you in the hangar or you are ordered to not turn back. Go." --- Poe nearly had given up on the moment, succumbing to the exhaustion that all of it had forced upon him, and blacked out fully for the time being. But the sound of the door reopening had him on full alert – it wasn’t his Omega, nor was it the out of control Alpha. A new scent, a newcomer. As the intruder moved further into the room, Poe’s brow furrowed. Another stormtrooper, perfect. Pinching his upper lip up, Poe readied himself to fight, only to remember the fact that he was locked into place still. “What do you want?” He growled, struggling weakly against the restraints. But no answer was given directly towards him. Instead, a mechanical response was thrown towards the other that had stepped in the moment Ren stepped out. “Ren wants the prisoner.” As Poe’s restraints were lifted, a tired head turned to fully face the stormtrooper. Handcuffs were secured around his wrists, preventing him from being able to fight back – not that he had any energy left within him to do so. Morphing like he did always wiped him out for some time afterwards, not doing it often enough for it to be of second nature to him. The Commander was then led, wordlessly, down corridor after corridor until he was finally ordered a simple, “turn here.” The blaster held by the Stormtrooper never once dropped away from him. Being shoved into a small alcove, Poe startled, attempting to step back to put distance between the two of them, only to find himself caged in the small space. “Listen carefully,” the other began, causing Poe even more confusion, “do exactly as I say, and I can get you out of here.” “Wh-What?” The stormtrooper bent down, a soft clunking coming from his blaster being put on the floor. As he stood straight, he removed his helmet, forcing an utter look of being lost to take over the Resistance pilot’s features. “This is a rescue; I’m helping you escape.” The stormtrooper's words came out breathlessly as sweat dripped down the sides of his face. It was obvious that the other man was nervous, making the pilot shake his head a tiny bit. “Can you fly a TIE fighter?” “A-Are you with the Resistance?” “What? No, no, no! I’m breaking you out! Can you fly a TIE fighter?!” Though whispers were exchanged between the two of them, Poe couldn’t help but feel on alert – all around them, the enemy carried on in their daily routines, unaware, hopefully, to what was going on in that small little space. Poe’s nostrils sought out the scent of his Omega, forcing him into a panic when he was nowhere to be found. “I can fly anything …” Poe was quick to interject, asserting his dominance of being Alpha. “Why? Why are you helping me?” He asked upon noticing the stormtrooper's look of total relief. After a moment, the Commander received his response. “Because it is the right thing to do.” Poe was in disbelief – he could nearly hear the erratic rhythm of the dark-skinned male’s heart, indicating that he was lying in some form. “You need a pilot.” “…” A sigh, then, “I need a pilot.” Lips forming a smirk, still not believing that he could actually make it out of this situation alive, Poe nodded. “We’re gonna do this.” But as he was led into the hangar bay, the stormtrooper’s helmet back on and the gun shoved against him once again, Poe began to panic. No, he couldn’t leave, not without Daire. He promised to keep him safe. He needed his Omega to come with him, before Kylo had a chance of claiming him for himself and erasing the Alpha’s scent with his own. Sniffing wildly at the air, he could smell him. He didn’t seem close, but close enough for Poe to be able to connect, silently calling out for him. A tingle worked its way up the ginger's spine as alerts started to flood in about a TIE Fighter being taken, the Resistance pilot breaking free and destroying the hangar in which he was in. The bond. He could feel his Alpha trying to seek him out, reaching toward him until his very core trembled. He fought off the urge to instantly follow the sensation, to walk himself toward the pilot and desperately curl up around him. Biology be damned, he needed this to all work in his favor before he could even think about-- "General Hux. Is it the Resistance pilot?" That mechanical growl suddenly cut through the chaos on the bridge. "Yes, and he had help," the ginger answered the Alpha instantly, his voice carrying a slight whine to it that he hoped everyone around them missed or chalked up to stress. "From one of our own. We're checking the registers now to identify which Stormtrooper it was." Distract. Get the Alpha away from thinking about what had happened, about how convenient it was that Poe managed to escape only after Hux had connected to him, bonded with him. Kylo took two steps closer, taking a breath as he inhaled the scent of Beta cologne mixing with Daire's natural scent. "The one from the village," he states lowly. "FN-2187." The knight blessedly moved away after that, his voice ringing out in the General's head and making him almost keel forward with the darkness that it held as the ginger gave orders to the crew around them. [ Pretend all you want, Omega, the moment that this is solved, I'll chain you in my quarters and not let you leave until you are mine. ] "Sir, Ventral Cannons hot," one of his Lieutenants suddenly reported. Beta. Safe. The ginger collected himself once more. He had to trust in his Stormtrooper's ability to shoot - all of his reports had stated he was an excellent marksman, surely he'd be able to adapt to a new weapon. He had, after all, been taking out the Finalizer's guns ever since the TIE shot out of the hangar. "Fire." Jade eyes watched out the viewport for a moment as the cannon fire followed the Fighter, one missile, then another, then one more falling away. Exploding in harmless little puffs of smoke, just as he had... Hux felt his heart stop - skipping a beat as he felt fear that wasn't his own for a brief moment. Whatever Phasma was saying about her wayward Stormtrooper turned muffled as the Omega blinked away the sensation to continue listening to the female Beta. "This was his first offense," she concluded. Of course it was, FN-2187 had never been in battle before. He was young and reckless and could think on his own and that was dangerous for the First Order but just what the General needed when it came to-- "General, they've been hit." No. No, no, no. Jade eyes looked up in time to see Ren stepping toward him. That great Force-Grim that wanted to expose him. Use him. Breed him like he was nothing more than a body to spill in and a means of carrying on a legacy. "Destroyed?" "Disabled. They were headed back to Jakku. The Fighter's projected to crash in the Goazon badlands." "They were going back for the droid," the ginger concluded, having no idea if that was entirely true, but willing to use that as an excuse. "Send a squad to the wreckage." Hux left without another word, deeming to 'oversee the scouring for the prisoner' since 'Ren obviously was too driven by personal means to do it himself.' The General reached out, but knew he was too far away to do much more than hope he could strum the bond between them, if the pilot was even still alive. If he wasn't... Then... Then the Omega had... And Kylo would... Fuck. --- At first, all seemed to be going well. Poe found out that him and Finn, as he began to call him, worked rather well together, and actually found himself laughing once or twice as he was fueled by Finn’s eager excitement. But the moment they were hit and began to descend at a very accelerated rate, and that panic surged rapidly within him, anger resurfaced to the Alpha’s exterior. “If you had just listened to me in the first place!! If we just--“ “--I was reaction solely off of direct orders!” “Orders of who?! An Omega?! A General that you just willingly defected from?! His orders don’t mean shit to you anymore, Finn! What made you think that you had any say over what I ordered--” “--A simple thank you for saving your life would have--” Poe scoffed, loudly, as he scrambled to find the proper eject buttons. “For saving my life, just to be shot out of the damned sky anyways?! If you had just listened to what--” Poe’s words were suddenly cut short as he had found the correct button – ejecting himself straight from the cockpit and into the burning sky of the desert planet. It was, however, a little too late as Poe’s parachute had barely enough time to deploy. With the rate at which he was descending towards the barren lands, Poe’s chute couldn’t catch wind in time, but managed to soften the blow of the impact, just barely. The last thing he remembered seeing in his mind was the petrified look of his mate as Kylo Ren finally claimed him for his own. Chapter 4 : Halfling Chapter by HJMoriarty The ginger hurt. Everything hurt as he focused on breathing and keeping himself under control. He was sitting in a shuttle filled with Betas and while none of them were valuable enough to spare if his secret got out, he didn't want to lose a small squad of soldiers because he couldn't keep himself together. Still, he hurt and his body was heating more and more. While he could blame the raise in temperature on the planet they were landing on, he couldn't use that excuse for long. They found where the ship was supposed to be well enough, despite the entire planet looking the same. The smoke that billowed up from underground told them all they needed to know as they made their way toward the nearest town. His stormtroopers moved out, combing the city for any sign of the escaped fugitives. With one arm wrapped around his stomach, the General stepped off the ship. He felt a pull in another direction, away from the town, but not by much. Poe. Mate. Alpha. Shaking his head, Daire turned his attention to confiscating a speeder from someone, his soldiers backing him up making his case very persuasive to the original owner. The ginger ordered his men to stay put, taking his datapad and commlink with orders to not make any move unless he ordered them to. They agreed. They always did. Powering on the speeder and taking control, the Omega pushed passed his pain to focus once more on that little tingle inside of him, closing his eyes for a moment before taking off into the desert. He needed to find Poe, needed to be close to him. Needed to... He needed... He needed to do something because that pull was starting to fade and the ginger didn't want to think about what that might mean - the Alpha could be getting further away, but... But he could be... Shaking away those thoughts, Hux pushed the speeder to move ever faster, zipping over the sand dunes as he grit his teeth. He veered suddenly, the direction of the pull changing slightly. He was close. Getting closer... --- There was so much heat, so much dryness polluting the area. The Alpha began to slowly awaken, though his body ached in ways unfamiliar to him. He could hardly swallow, as the heat of the air dried his mouth uncomfortably. Still, he had to at least try , though he found himself having a pathetic coughing fit and not being able to do anything about it. Once he managed to summon the remaining strength from the beast inside, he was able to force himself onto his hands and knees, then a few minutes later, up into an unstable standing position. Shielding the overwhelming brightness with his hand, Poe gazed around his surroundings – sand, dunes, sand, perhaps maybe some sort of creature, more sand, more dunes, then finally, more blinding sand as far as the eye could see. All hope was beginning to drain from the Alpha as he turned, finding nothing more than the aforementioned items, no matter which way he turned. After all he’s been through, everything he’s survived, finally finding a mate worthy of keeping, he was going to die at the hands of a sand planet. No droid, nobody to say goodbye, nothing. A sudden whiff, however, that drifted its way through the heat and breezeless atmosphere caught the Commander’s attention. “Daire,” he whispered, feeling his body start pulling him towards his mate. Mirage, it had to be. Kylo Ren surely wouldn’t have allowed the newly found Omega out of his sight. Maybe Daire escaped? Perhaps defeated the Dark Knight? O-Or, maybe, maybe this was a ruse… What if Ren had the nearly dead body of his mate in his arms, approaching? Using the smell of the Omega’s scent to lure Poe out into the open, to finally finish him once and for all? No. There was no scent of blood, other than his own. Though tripping over every step, feeling the sand shifting beneath his boots, the Alpha started to run. He pushed through the sand as hard as he could, but found no added boost of speed. The smell grew stronger and stronger – he was close. So painstakingly close. Coming over the top of the dune he was climbing, he could see the ginger heading his way. The exertion, however, took the last bit of life from him and with a soft sound, Poe collapsed back into the sand, falling unconscious. Jade eyes widened as the General watched his mate collapse, the sand giving way and sending the Alpha tumbling down the dune. No. No, he didn't come here just to have his mate lost to him. He didn't go through everything to watch Poe die. Daire jumped from the speeder the moment he was close enough to the pilot, dropping beside the man with a pitiful sound. As he whined, the Omega gently nudged Dameron with his nose, moving around him on hands and knees and whimpering softly as he tried to wake up the curly-haired man. Casting his gaze around them and deciding that everything was up to him, now, Hux dashed back to the speeder, grabbing his datapad. What the Force was he supposed to say? He couldn't bring the First Order to the rescue, or Poe would be imprisoned once more. Or, more accurately, he would be taken straight to Kylo Ren and the dark Alpha wouldn't waste a moment in destroying Poe bit by bit. A fresh wave of heated pain rolled over the ginger and he grabbed his midsection, breathing through it until he could collect himself enough to stop whimpering and type out a message for his men to leave - that he had business to attend to that involved their secret weapon and some other military jargon that Hux didn't believe, but he knew his crew would. He added 'Find the droid, that is the first priority' as an after thought before he threw his tablet as far as he could away from them. If nothing more, that would slow down anyone tracking him. The Omega turned, dragging Poe through the sand toward the speeder. Wrapping the Alpha's arm around his shoulders, Daire dropped him into the second seat before mounting it, himself, and restarting the vehicle, turning them away from his original location in hopes that they would find another village soon. Very, very soon. An unusual, never before felt sensation swept through the Alpha’s unconscious body – something, whatever it was, was keeping him on the brink of wanting to wake up, but knowing that, no matter what was going on outside, he was safe. By the time they were approaching civilization – or, what could be considered such on the sand planet – Poe was beginning to stir. The pain radiating throughout his body, the overheated feeling of exhaustion and need to drink made him whimper and want nothing more than to succumb wholly, once more, to that calming darkness. There was a new heat beginning to surface, now that he was becoming more aware of his surroundings. Not a type of heat connected to the blazing suns, or the way the dry, stifling heat radiated up from the sand. No, this was something on a much more… Personal level. And the spicy hint to the pathetic breeze cut through every other sensation affecting him currently. “Daire,” he croaked out, trying to right himself into a more commanding position, though finding himself incapable of moving in such a way quite yet. He couldn’t let his Omega see him like this. It was shameful, embarrassing, and could easily be turned against him should anyone see and try to challenge his Alpha status. Still, something inside convinced him that all would be well. That even if he rested weakly against the taller male, or – just this once – allowed someone else to rescue him, that it would not be used against him. It all tied in to that feeling of safety he felt with his new mate. Jade eyes snapped to look at the man behind him. He was bloodied and bruised, scrapped up and in much worse shape than the last time they met. But, most importantly, he was alive. He was breathing and coming back to himself bit by bit. "Oh, stop it. I get it. You're a big bad Alpha. Good on you. Lay back down and let this Omega show you how to survive," Hux huffed, his lip curling into a slight sneer. His irritation had much less to do with Dameron and much more to do with his own body as it reacted to his mate's closeness and started to heat up more and more. Even still, Daire leaned back to give Poe a little nuzzle before he pulled them up to the rundown set of shacks that called itself a motel. The ginger sauntered inside, people parting as he moved toward the front desk and casually leaned against it. "I'm going to say this once and only once. I'm with the First Order. You have one chance to prove to me that this so called motel isn't worth burning to the ground with you tied inside of it." The man's eyes widened as the Omega spoke - oh, he was Hux's blood rank. And bonded. And now also terrified as he handed the General a key to a room all by itself on the far end of the establishment. "Good boy." With that, Daire returned to his stolen speeder and drove them over to the little area, supporting Poe as they walked inside, despite the Alpha's protests. "Mate, please. Just--fuck--just lie down." The ginger cursed as his mind grew hazy for a moment before he focused on fighting his biology once more. Later. Not now. Now wasn't the time. "Mate. Let me take care of you." Poe decided to sit on the edge of the bed, slumping forward as much as he could without actually falling off. His chest heaved and settled once again with a great sigh as the Alpha struggled to force himself into a much more lucid state of mind. It took him a moment, but he slowly started to push his way through the haze clouding over his mind. “Water…” It wasn’t a command or an order, but rather, more of a plea. “Just, I need water, that is it. You need me, more than I need you right now. Neh!” He quickly interjected, cutting of Hux’s remark back. “You know it’s true. Desert planet or not, that heat coming from you is consuming.” After that, the Alpha decided to finally lie down. The bed was far from comfortable, but it beat the sandy dunes and debilitating heat. Actually, the more Poe pondered on it all, the bed felt like the most amazing thing he’d been on. Granted, once he had finished healing properly, he wouldn’t wish that bed on his greatest of enemies, but with the state he was currently in, it worked. If Poe was brave enough to admit it, the thought of someone actually just pampering him would be a very much welcomed feeling. Even if he feigned annoyance the entire time in his attempt of maintaining his blood rank. Hux didn't argue with his Alpha, just watched the man for a few more moments before turning and disappearing into the refresher. He met the eyes of his reflection as he filled a glass with water - cheeks flushed, jade eyes uncertain whether they wanted to be silver or green, little trembles dancing over his body. If his scent didn't scream Omega in heat loud enough for the world to hear, his appearance certainly filled in any gaps of information. Still, before he returned to his mate, Daire had enough thought left to grab the first aid kit to take with him. The closer he got to Poe, the more that his body demanded attention. The more he wanted to just stop walking and instead fall onto his hands and knees and crawl to the other man, beg him with mewls and whimpers until he was taken again. The General fought it, still. It would happen. They could fuck and rut all they wanted in a moment, but before then, the Omega need to make sure that Dameron was more or less patched up. After all, it was his role to take care of his Alpha. Handing the pilot the glass of water, Hux silenced him with a quick kiss. "I know," he whispered to the unspoken retort. "I heard you and ignored you just fine the first time. I don't have much longer until I can't think. Just let me." With that final plea, the ginger opened the medical kit, gently lifting up Poe's shirt a moment later with a quick look at the other man to make sure it was alright - that he wasn't overstepping any invisible lines in the sand - before he got to work cleaning and bandaging the miraculously few wounds. Still, his body tensed and untensed, yelling at both of them for waiting any amount of time before continuing where they left off. "F-Fuck..." The only response the Omega received for a moment was a grunt. Truth be told, Poe was entirely too exhausted to put up much of an argument. So, there he laid, obedient to his mate. Drinking in that position was perhaps a bit too difficult, most of the water ending up on his chest. Did he sit up? No. Did he make any effort at all to make it any easier on himself? Again, no. But once the water was gone - whether it was inside of him or drenching the outside - he tossed the glass towards the floor, not caring when it shattered. His hand, now freed, gripped Hux's wrist and gave him a stern tug. Heated eyes gaze up at his mate, noting the warmth and caring within silver tinted emerald eyes. Another tug at the Omega pulled close, not a second wasted before the Commander's lips pressed hard and rough against Daire's. Though it was a quick kiss, it was deep enough to tell his mate exactly what it was that he wanted. A third tug had Daire dragged down on top of him - no concern whatsoever with the medical supplies - as he continued the kiss. As the ginger settled down on top of the other man, little trembles running through his body as they finally, finally , fell into something that promised to take the edge off his heat. To make it so that the pain that kept making itself known would end, if only for the time being. Hux pulled away from the kiss for a moment - just long enough for the Omega to slip his own shirt off and drop it onto the floor before giving Poe's top the same treatment. Jade eyes slipped closed as they kissed once more - little mewls and whimpers permeating the air each time they parted, the smacking of their lips accompanying the soft noises. In his mind, the General saw his Alpha, half turned, as he told Hux to run, to flee, so that he could fight for him. And that - being able to change - was a rare gift that only proved that the man was of a bloodline worthy of mating into. Regardless of what side he had aligned to in the war. Like Kylo - Alpha, dark, frightening - Dameron was a pedigree. A pureblood. More than that, the ability to change was something that was highly sought after, much like the caster-bloodline that allowed the use of the Force. It was an old power. Something much older than the casters, even. A lineage that was valuable and strong and... Daire broke away suddenly, a blush staining his cheeks. "I..." He stopped, leaning down to gently nuzzle against his mate's neck, rubbing their scents together and covering himself in the pilot's smell before wiggling out of Poe's arms to stand a little ways away from the foot of the bed. "I... Haven't been completely honest with you, Alpha," he murmured softly in explanation. He should have been - his biology told him to, his instincts demanded that his superior in bloodrank know what he was getting himself into. Swallowing around his nervousness, the ginger closed his eyes. He changed gracefully. The tips of his ears darkening to black as his nails extended - or rather, they came to a point just over his fingertips. Black appeared on his hands and halfway up his forearms as though he had rubbed soot on them. If his pants were fully off, the pilot would see that a similar thing was happening up his calves. His canines sharpened and when his eyes finally opened, they were completely silver. A long, fluffy tail extended from the base of his spine, swishing back and forth in a nervous tick-tock motion. Rust-colored fur coated the tail, fading away to white just as it came to the tip. "I'm a mutt. My father was pure fox. My mother wasn't. This is as far as I can change, Alpha." Hux spoke sadly. Bloodlines were important and those who were of pure lineages rarely wanted to tarnish it with half-breeds, even if they were Omegas. Silver eyes cast their gaze downward, the ginger preparing himself for his mate to change his mind. Dameron's initial reaction was one of a man highly unimpressed. He sat up, grunting in the process from the exertion, but settled back against the loose and squeaking headboard. His arms folded over his chest, causing his muscles to flex in the process. If one were to flick their gaze lower, they could easily decipher the Alpha's obviously arousal, regardless of the emotionless expression playing across his features. With a clear of his throat, and a roll of his eyes, Poe stood up. There were a million and one decisions to be made. He would be an utter fool to mix bloodlines. To weaken his own. To dampen his strong, dominant, Alpha family name. To ensure any future pups would be nothing more than mutts? Half-bloods? Perhaps Daire could be kept on the side as a good fuck. One not worth breeding, but rather, just a good romping session in between heat cycles. Then again, there was some kind of pull towards this Omega. He'd been around others before. None truly caught his attention, other than spikes of arousal. But Hux... This General of the First Order. In the war, his complete enemy... Stepping beside his mate, Poe leaned in. He could feel the soft furs of Daire's ears tickling his cheek and chin. Regardless, Poe continued. "This is it, huh?" He asked, trying to sound as unthrilled as he possibly could. "What am I supposed to do with this?" His hand reached behind Hux to tease the fluffy tail, twirling his fingers around the multicolored furs before giving it a swift tug. Poe continued walking around him, sniffing him in various places and doing his best to keep his overwhelming arousal in place. "A halfling? You're good for random hookups. At best." Stepping back behind Daire once again, he reached forward to grope his groin. "Tch... This is what I mated with?" In between groping his lover, the Alpha started to undress the lower half. With Hux's pants pushed down to his ankles, Poe's strong hand dipped inside the Omega's underwear - giving the stiffened cock a few pulls. "You want me to breed you, hm? Was that the plan all along? Get an Alpha's strong cum inside of you? Give your weakling pups a fair shot at being anything substantial?" Now, his voice held much more of a tease to it. Poe's teeth nibbled at the ginger's earlobe before sucking on it. The pull towards this Omega was too strong. Half-blood, or not. Poe wanted him. Wanted to claim him. To be his only lover. And what an Alpha wanted, and Alpha got. "Want my cum in you, Love? Hm?" The ginger trembled, lips quivering as he simultaneously leaned into the touch on his cock and tried to stay upright. Away from the Alpha as the man went through the words that the Omega expected. The way they were said, however, gave him pause - even as his body flared with heat once more. Silver eyes glanced behind him, seeking out the dark orbs of his mate. Locking onto them, the teasing and the warmth in them put his worries at ease, at least for the moment. Poe wasn't throwing him away, wasn't casting him to the side to fuck, pup, and repeat whenever the Alpha felt like it. No. Just like back in the interrogation room, the pilot was tearing down societal norms and breaking down everything that was considered taboo in their bloodranks. Not instantly claiming an Omega, but instead making sure that their pleasure was just as important as their Alpha's? Unheard of, lesser bloodranks had no say in life. Not demanding the man to stay by Poe's side, to never leave him? An obvious mistake - Omegas were supposed to be subordinate, not be promised a return to their post in the First Order when their heat passed. To mate with a mutt? It was something that the ginger's father told him over and over would never happen. He would forever be a chewtoy, but never someone's other half. He'd be a means of entertainment, not of reproduction. His father never wanted anyone to know, anyway. Melting against the pilot, the General hummed, his tail swishing between them and bumping into his lover's legs over and over as it moved. "Yes. Maker, want your cum, Alpha. Please. Breed me good, make me yours again and again. Please, Mate," Daire murmured, his voice growing steadily more wanting as his body started to produce more slick and started readying itself to be taken once more. He made a pitiful sound as he rolled his hips into the hand on him. "A-Alpha? Do you want me to change back?" Poe had the Omega exactly where he wanted - trembling, leaking, slick, and needy. "I don't think I could quite hear what it was that you were saying, mate. I asked, do you want my cum inside of you?" The grip around Daire's cock began to tighten, simultaneous to the speed in which his wrist increased. "And you stay exactly as you are until I tell you otherwise. Is this clear, Omega?" Poe's voice held a very authoritative undertone to it that slightly increased the depth of his voice. Moving his nose back to the half-ling's neck, he nuzzled the scented area, inhaling that spicy scent while also kissing the warm flesh. By now, Dameron's cock had entirely hardened, his knot ready and nearly aching to lock within his mate once again. So he swiftly removed his hand and stepped back to fully undress himself as well. Bruises and cuts and any thoughts of pain or other injuries were pushed to the back of his mind as he felt the tail wagging against his erection. The tip, which secreted small droplets of his precum, marked the fur with his scent as well, causing a much hotter flash of heat and sense of pride to surge throughout him. "I want every damn person and creature on this Maker-forsaken planet to hear you screaming out who the Force you belong to." Flipping Daire around to face him, he was quick to lift him up. With both legs wrapped around him, Poe carried the taller, lithe body towards the bed, just to toss him onto the mattress to watch him bounce. "Undress. Get on your hands and knees. Now." As he spoke to his mate, Poe's hand encircled around his own cock, swiftly tugging on his length to draw even more droplets from his swollen tip. It took a few seconds for the Omega to understand what had been asked on him, his back arching and his legs spreading for his lover as his tail moved to the side, trying to get out of the way as Hux offered himself to the Alpha. He wanted - needed - to have the man inside him, to feel them lock together, to be taken again and again. Heat and desire rippled through him like the mirages caused by the sun, outside. They consumed him, making his body tremble more and his slick drip from his entrance. Finally, his mind snapped back to attention, realizing he had been given and order. The General scrambled to do as his mate wanted, peeling off his boxers and tossing them in a random direction. Rolling to the side, Daire pushed up onto his hand, tucking his knees under his body and raising himself - legs spread, tip of his tail twitching now and again, claws pumping at the bedding under his hands. The slender male only waited a few moments before he started whining, gazing over his shoulder at his mate and whimpering to him, begging Poe to take up his spot. To fuck him, to finger him, to do anything other than just stand their and draw his onyx eyes over the body presented to him. "Please," he whispered once more, following it quickly with a louder reiteration of the word. "Please. Poe--Mate--Alpha! Want you. Want you to fill me with your cum. Breed me. Pup me. C'mon... I'll-I'll be a good Omega. I'll always be yours. Belong to you. Poe, please!" Hux flicked his tail over at the other man, dragging the fur over golden skin like the kiss of feathers - just barely grazing the pilot before he pulled it away, again, to curl it underneath himself, wrapped around one of his hips. Jade eyes glazed over, heat back in swing. In that moment, the ginger would have done anything for the other man, wouldn't have questioned a word he spoke or gone against an order given to him. "Knot me. Please? Knot me, again." Poe's body denied him another second without his mate's tight, heated body around his cock. He reached out to grab the Omega's legs, pulling him right to the edge of the bed. Knees pressed into the mattress, one hand settled on Hux's waist while the other handled his own cock. The tip swiped at the slick dripping freely from Daire's waiting entrance before he pushed in. He didn't wait to allow the Omega any time to get used to his size, instead he kept pushing, then gave a final thrust, locking himself in place inside the body of the mate that truly belonged to him. And only him - the Alpha would do anything to ensure that it remained as such, regardless of who tried to take him away. Daire's scent was so strong now that Poe was certain any Alpha in the nearby radius could smell him. So, Poe made it a point to deter any of their thoughts by slamming very sharply into Hux. As the Omega's cry died down, he did it again, then a third time, and a fourth. His own voice betrayed him as he called out, a near howl, into the dingy room. The yell could be heard echoing from their room to the others, but he didn't care. Right now, this was all about breeding and claiming, not trying to keep quiet as not to offend anyone. Poe couldn't give a fuck if anyone had a problem with it. Continuing to hump the heated Omega, Poe's knees slammed repetitively into the edge of the bed, causing it to jerk along with his motions as he roughly pulled the other's body back against his hips. "Who owns you?!" He growled, taking one hand to grab at Daire's tail, unwinding it from the slender thigh to instead twist around his palm. "TELL ME!" Giving the tail a bit of a pull, he used that to trust deeper into the General's body, already feeling his seed beginning to stain the inside of him. "Who do you belong to?!" Hips continued slamming forward, the fist kept pulling back on the fur, even as the pilot's orgasm was rapidly building. Hux's back bent, arching toward the bed as his tail was tugged on, a cry falling from his lips that sounded much more like a yip than anything else as the half-breed was pulled and pushed by his mate in a cycle of creaking bed frames and spikes of pleasure. "You! Alpha! You own me! Ah!!" He yowled, hips rolling as much as they could with his tail caught and his hip captured by his mate's hands. "Poe! Poe, please, I--Maker! Fuck!" The ginger's arms trembled as they kept him upright, nails tearing at the sheets and leaving little holes in their wake was they tried to keep him balanced with each forward thrust. Pleasure mixed with heat mixed with desperate neediness shot through him. His knees parted more as he moved counter to the pilot. Somewhere in the back of his mind, the General screamed at his biology, still - his, not Poe's. He yelled at himself, berated himself for ever saying he was owned by anyone, but that voice was silenced by the way he yearned for more. Another jerk to his tail left Daire moaning, the base of it sensitive and tingling as his lover played with it. In a final show of submission to the other man, Hux lowered himself onto his forearms, giving Dameron complete control over his body as he bowed down. The more rational side of him was gone, taken over by his need to get lost in his heat, to take the pilot's knot and to do everything that an Omega was supposed to do - to pleasure, to breed, to give himself to an Alpha to grow a pack. "I--Ah! Oh..." The ginger's voice broke as his lover hit his sweet spot, sending fireworks dancing in his vision again and again as the General was pushed toward his release. He fought it off, though the wasn't sure why, anymore. "There. Right there! Yes, shit! P-Pull my tail again. Pull--Force!" That's all it took - a tug on his tail and one final deep thrust and Daire was sent over the edge, cumming onto the bedding beneath them. "A-Alpha!" Daire’s aroma suddenly flooded throughout their hotel room, filling each of his senses, wrapping around him like a comforting blanket. Sweat began to trickle down from Poe’s hairline, rolling through dirt and sand that was caked onto the pilot’s features, leaving behind small trails in their wake. The Alpha wasn’t entirely sure what exactly he wanted to do. His mouth began watering at the thought of cleaning Hux’s slick from inside and out, but knew they wouldn’t be able to part for some time. The other part of him wanted to prolong his release as much as he possibly could, simply just to savor that heated feeling. Poe’s body just could not deny the intense pleasure sweeping through him. With a gasp, then a grunt, the Alpha shoved into the pliant body a few more times before freezing, deep within the Omega’s body, and loading him up with pump after pump of his cum. The Commander’s body trembled with lingering jolts as his orgasm kept his body overheated and entirely too sensitive. With the rush of the initial heat gone, the Alpha within him started to settle, leaving the Rebel pilot to feel his injuries more. “Good boy,” he managed to whisper, the hand previously gripping the smaller hips now moving up and down the arch of Daire’s back – alternating between light caresses of the flushed and sweaty skin, to heavy touches in a more massaging manner than a touch. “Such a good, good boy for your Alpha… So good to me…” It took a bit of awkward maneuvering, but the pilot was able to get them both settled on the bed, Hux’s back curled against Dameron’s chest as the muscular man held onto him tightly. His nose and cheek rubbed against any part of the ginger’s neck and nose that he could, collecting his mate’s scent while subtly marking him as well. “You do realize that you should have been upfront with me from the start, right? I could have killed you for having me mate with someone not of pure blood. That is deceit. That is… I couldn’t even begin to tell you the consequences, had I not found out until you birthed my son.” It wasn’t meant to become an argument. He did not want to upset his mate, especially not when they were still locked together. Poe had witnessed a couple fighting that was locked, and the outcome upon breaking apart was not very pretty. But it was a bit of a warning – keep me informed always, do not hide anything. This was Daire’s first and only warning regarding the situation and the slight bite he gave to his Omega’s neck to better show it. “When we part, I want you to mark me. With your canines as they are now.” The Omega listened to everything that his mate said, eyes not focused on anything in particular as he was scolded. Warned. Of course he should have stated outright what he was, but he never exactly thought about mating with a prisoner, let alone having anyone find out what bloodrank he was. No, Hux would have been happy living his entire life with everyone looking at him as though he was a Beta. But then came the other side of that - Daire had never felt drawn to someone like this. Never in his years had he found himself actually wanting to be locked to an Alpha, to be claimed. Yet, here he was. The General was not a believer in soulmates, though he has heard plenty of bondmates speaking about 'love at first sight.' It was a fairytale. A means for the types of Alphas who want to control everything in their Omegas' lives to brainwash and justify everything they do. Glancing over his shoulder, the ginger made a little whimpering sound until Poe shifted upward to kiss him. The pilot was different. His mate was different. "Thank you, Alpha," he murmured softly, his mind already shooting out sparks of anticipation for being able to claim the man, as well. It was something that was unnecessary to form a bond - for the Omega to mark his superior. But it was a show that they belonged to one another, not just a one-way ownership. "And I'll remember next time I go into heat during an interrogation to make sure to stop everything and hand out charts of my ancestry." With the small show of gratitude for excusing the Omega of any dire punishment, Poe nodded and allowed his eyes to shut. But with Daire’s sarcasm was quick to surface in once again, the Alpha’s eyes opened, locking directly on his mate. “That is all I ask,” he responded in a low tone, jaw clenched and lip slightly pinched up into a snarl. A sudden, sharp snap of his hips had his cock shoving hard into the slighter male’s sweet spot once more, just to wring a final cry of pleasure from him. Their bodies remained connected for longer, this time, then they had previously. What the Commander wanted more than anything at that point, was silence. So anytime Hux could even think about speaking up, he’d give the lithe body a quick, silencing squeeze. But in between bouts of silence, Poe’s needy side would shine through and he’d lean in to continue nuzzling his lover’s warm skin. Then when he’d satisfy that desire, he’d fall back into a comfortable silence. The Alpha was nearly asleep, regardless of the consuming heat encircling his cock, when he felt his body lessen enough to slip out. He groaned, half annoyed, half exhausted, then rolled over onto his back. “Command still stays,” he mumbled, lips smacking a couple times as his fingernails lightly scratched up and down his chest. “Mark me, wherever you please. However many times you want. That, Dear One, is entirely up to you. Don’t think this opportunity will arise very often, so I suggest you take full advantage of it, while you can.”