Prologue It had been a year of contradictions for Ben. It started off, much as his twenty-second and twenty-first years had. He had taken his grandma to O'Hare airport, waved good-bye as she headed off for South Dakota, trying not to show just how much he'd love to be going with her. He returned to his apartment and then ordered his traditional birthday dinner – a Chicago Classic Chicago style pizza – large. It arrived and he ate two slices, before putting the rest in the fridge. It was lunch for Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. He worked Christmas Eve, and after the store closed at seven, he went to the eight o'clock Christmas Eve Mass, then returned to his apartment and slept until late the next morning. The day almost no different than any other of the year. The best birthday of his childhood had been when he turned ten. He and his parents had gone to Uncle Luke's – and they'd arrived on the farm to find that Aunt Mara had made meatloaf and mashed potatoes, along with a glorious pineapple upside down cake. Everyone had sung 'Happy Birthday' and he'd nearly cried at the overwhelming emotions of the day. That had been before his mother had turned him away – and she'd been in on the surprise. But the cracks were already forming in their relationship; they just hadn't seen it. Strangely, his seventeenth, when he'd been mourning Jordan and Mari, had turned out better than he expected. Miserable and detached, he had been sitting at lunch on the cruise ship, alone, when an elderly couple who had been watching over him during the journey got out of him what was going wrong. That night at dinner, while his parents talked to each other, almost completely ignoring him, the wife in the couple had gotten the on-board band to play 'Happy Birthday' to him – and he heard seventy people, singing in five different languages, in a beautiful chorus that had nearly made him cry. He'd eaten every last bite of the slice of chocolate cake he'd been given, even though it was enough for two people. He'd entered his twenty-third year with a mixture of optimism and trepidation. Twenty-three was always a strange age in the Skywalker family. His great-grandfather had nearly lost the family farm to the Dust Bowl in his twenty-third summer. Great-grandmother Shmi was married in hers, and gave birth to his grandfather before the year was out. Grandfather Anakin finished college and began his work with Eastern Airlines in the spring of sixty-three. Grandma Padme, much like her mother in law, was married and became a mother when she turned the age, one year after her husband. Uncle Luke moved to the farm at twenty-three, Leia Organa started her second year of law school. For Benjamin Bail Organa Solo, twenty-three was nothing short of strange. In January, he finished writing Kylo Ren. In February, he sent a draft to his friend Nate, and in March, he plucked up the courage to ask Leslie Phasma what she thought of his work. In April, he sent a copy to his grandma and Uncle Luke and started working on revisions. In May, he went to South Dakota for his cousin Elijah's graduation, not planning on returning for a year, when Anna graduated from high school. Then in June, any possible summer plans were destroyed when he was nearly killed in a car accident. July and August swept past in a haze of recovery, and September was a tumultuous race of Cubs baseball and pretending that everything was just fine within. The splintering started in October, the looming holidays mocking him as the year began to wind down, threatening to send him tumbling into a down. The Cubs won the Series and he clung to the feeling; then, on a snowy Monday afternoon in November, he stood next to a thin young woman at an L station, and Ben would have dismissed it as a one-off, until the next morning when he found the same girl standing in a corridor, a despondent look on her face. The last six and a half weeks of his twenty-third year had been a roller coaster of ups and downs – he had started his second relationship of his life, he had learned he was a big brother – his mother was moving to St Louis.... ...and right now, he was lying on an air mattress in his cousin's room, ready to spend the second birthday and Christmas with as much of his family as possible in his life. Ben turned over on his side, sighing as he felt Arya curled up under his chin, purring. The place that had recently started to be occupied by Rey. He closed his eyes, listening to the house settle around him, the drone of the heater and the familiar lash of snow on glass soothing him to sleep. If either of his parents remembered to call tomorrow, he just might answer his phone. Chapter 2 : Birthday, Part 1 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Unlike yesterday, Rey was among the first people up on Ben's birthday. She followed Daisy out of the bedroom and into the kitchen, slightly groggy from a heavy night's sleep. While she sat and slowly woke up drinking coffee, the girl sipped from her glass of juice, writing down a list of things to get ready for breakfast. The fact that the girl could think so clearly just out of bed was mind-blowing to her. The other thing that Rey had trouble believing was the lack of leftovers at every meal she had eaten in this house so far. Even last night's dinner of chilli and cornbread had been cleared completely away, although she had noted that the three biggest eaters at the table were Ben, Liam and Elijah. Given that Elijah was her height and was scrawny, she had no idea where he put it all. Liam was shorter and stockier; and she already knew Ben could be a bottomless pit. Unless something was wrong, and then he barely ate. Daisy leaned on her fist, her face drawn into a grimace. “What do you and Ben normally have for breakfast?” Rey covered a yawn. “Cereal, more often than not.” She took a drink of coffee. “Sometimes a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, if we have to run for the L.” “Everyone liked the casserole yesterday.” she tapped her fingers on the table, groaning softly. “I also need to do all the baking today.” She let out a yawn and leaned back in her seat, her head tilted upward. “Maybe I should just make a pot of oatmeal and keep it warm on the stove so everyone can eat when they want.” “That would work. Put out whatever people like on it next to the bowls.” She took a sip of coffee as Luke came into the room, rubbing his eyes. “Morning.” “Morning.” He blinked a few times, going over to the coffee pot. The two of them hadn't spoken much more than pleasantries since her outburst at breakfast yesterday. While Rey knew that what she had done could be considered rude, at the same time, she found it frustrating that this family was terrible at communicating with each other. “You're usually not the first one up, Daisy.” “I kept thinking of how much I have to get done today, I figured I could either lie and bed and think about it, or get up and get started.” She sat forward, giving her a smile. “Don't forget to claim your hour for gift wrapping today.” There was a soft scraping sound as Luke sat down at the table, and Rey turned her focus on the contents of her coffee cup; she took a sip from it, blinking. “I won't. Is there a sign-up sheet?” “It's on the fridge.” Luke answered before his daughter could. “Anna put it up last night, after dinner.” She hadn't been in the kitchen since she helped clear the table last night's meal, chased off from dish duty by Elisa and Mara. “I'll pick a time when I'm a little more awake.” Daisy cleared her throat. “I should know this, but how is Ben turning today?” “Twenty-four.” Her father stated before Rey could answer. She looked over and saw he had that grin on his face that she'd seen on his nephew's several times. That goofy, almost obnoxious smile that she never knew if she hated or found adorable. It was strange to see it on someone else. “To look at him now, you'd never know he was born almost two months early.” “I can't believe how tall he is.” The girl shook her head. “It doesn't make sense. I mean, is Uncle Han tall?” “No, he's not.” Luke took a drink from his own mug and Rey kept looking into hers. “My dad was six foot even, but...” He shook his head. “You obviously haven't seen Ben's supervisor at work.” She interjected. “Lurch is six-foot nine.” She looked up and saw Daisy gaping at her. “I didn't think it was possible for anyone, other than Gwen, to make Ben look short.” “Hurricane Gwen.” Luke chuckled, “how's she doing?” “Fine, from what I can tell.” She drank some of her coffee. “Counting down the days until the pitchers and catchers report.” She frowned over the rim of her mug. “I think she's a bit more of a tsunami than a hurricane, actually.” “Is that the really tall woman who said she was Ben's cousin so she could get into the ICU back in June?” Daisy spoke up, looking from her to her dad. “Yup.” He shook his head. “You haven't seen her angry yet, have you?” “I saw her get mildly angry at a sales clerk about a week ago.” Rey managed a smile. “The idiot thought I was her kid.” She set her mug down, thinking back to the incident. “Which, were we to keep our ages, works if she gave birth to me when she was nineteen.” “Maybe they thought you were still in high school, since you're so skinny.” Daisy grinned. “You could pass for one of Anna's classmates....” She stopped, a thought clearly coming to her, and Rey swore she could see the gears turning in her mind. “Daisy Padme Skywalker, what are you thinking of doing?” By the tone of his voice, Luke sounded more apprehensive than angry. She picked up her glass, grinning. “Nothing I can pull off on my own, don't worry.” “That's what has me worried.” He looked at Rey. “I should have listened to my mother when she warned me about the quiet ones.” He shook his head, smiling. “If there's a plan carried out, nine times out of ten, she's the mastermind behind it.” Rey took a sip of coffee, feeling slightly more at ease. “That's funny, she doesn't look dangerous.” “Ha!” A voice came from the hallway, and Ben came into the room, yawning. “Daisy's the most dangerous of the lot. Elijah's the one who almost never misbehaves.” Luke snorted. “Since when, birthday boy? He's nearly as bad as his sister.” Daisy sprang up from her chair and hugged her cousin tightly around the middle. “Happy birthday, BB!” “Thank you Dais.” He grinned, returning the hug somewhat tiredly and went into the kitchen coming back a moment later with a mug. “Morning, Uncle Luke, morning Rey.” He came over to her side of the table and kissed the top of her head. “Happy birthday.” she leaned over and kissed his cheek when he sat down. “Feel any older?” He squeezed his eyes shut, clearly trying to wake up. “I was born old.” Luke sniggered over his coffee mug, and Rey rolled her eyes. “Drink your coffee, answer again after you've turned back into a human.” She frowned, looking towards the kitchen. “Where'd Daisy go?” Ben took a sip from his mug. “If she's got a scheme in mind, she's going to go sit in her room and wait for her sisters to wake up.” He took another drink. “and thank you for the birthday wishes.” * Leia leaned against the threshold, looking into the dining room. The contents of Ben's room had been packed into exactly eleven sixty-four gallon Rubbermaid tubs. Nathan had gone to the Target to purchase them, when he realized that the boxes she had left wouldn't be nearly enough to send them in. The lids had been taped down at the handles, and all of them had been marked FRAGILE regardless of their contents. She took a long drink from her coffee mug, her eyes drifting to the one large box that she knew held the framed picture of Fenway Park. “Well, what are we to do?” It was hard to believe that her son was twenty-four today. It didn't seem like he should be that old, her mind still thought of him as a teenager. Then again, when he was a teenager, she thought he was a little boy. So much time slipped away, so much of it wasted. She turned and went back into the kitchen, sitting down at the counter and looking over her to-do list for the day. The moving van would leave here on Monday the ninth; she would leave Buffalo the following day, and she was not looking forward to the nearly twelve hour drive it would take to get to her new loft in St Louis. She frowned at her list, looking at the first item on it, and then glancing at the clock. Call Ben. It was seven-thirty here, and it was far too early to be calling her son, even if he had been in Chicago, it'd be to early. She'd wait, make the call around lunch time. After she finished the closets – and added more to her donation bags. She was almost ashamed of the sheer amount of clothes she'd pulled from her own wardrobe – things she hadn't worn in years, some of them hadn't fit in about as long and she had kept them thinking she'd somehow fit into them again. The fact that the only clothes that Nathan and Jennifer had found in Ben's room were his school uniforms and sweaters that were unfamiliar to both them and herself – it was just... well, it was wrong. She took a drink from her mug, wondering how many more surprises she was going to find while packing things up. “I still have no idea what I'm going to do about Christmas.” She tapped her pen against the counter, frowning. “Might just out for Chinese.” She pinched the bridge of her nose just as her cellphone started to ring. She grimaced, knowing that since work would not call her, and her mother, son and brother were all in the same time zone, it could be only one person. Taking a breath, she picked up the phone and answered it. “Good morning, Han.” “I wasn't expecting you to answer, I... uh, thought you weren't speaking to me.” He sounded exhausted. “I've been busy, Han. Getting ready to move.” She frowned. “Where are you?” He took a deep breath, then sighed. “London. Getting ready to board a plane to Boston.” “Boston?” She sat up, frowning. “I thought you were working. You always work the holidays.” There was a hint of accusation in her voice, and she tightened her grip on her pen. “Were are you headed?” “I'm coming back to Buffalo, Leia. Just for a few days.” He let out a sigh. “You said back in November we needed to talk. You didn't come to Europe, so I'm coming back to the States to talk.” She set the pen down, then took another sip of coffee. “I don't know what we have to talk about. You haven't even been back here in six years. Why now?” She stood up and started to pace. “Ben's not here.” “Figured he wasn't.” Han sighed. “The kid and I were never going to be pals, I knew that a long time ago.” It was on the tip of Leia's tongue to ask what his relationship with Diana was like, but then she reminded herself that it was different between fathers and daughters. “Well, I certainly hope you don't need a kidney, because I highly doubt Ben would let you have one of his.” “If that's your attempt at humor, it isn't funny.” He coughed. “He wouldn't give you one either.” Leia rolled her eyes. “I wouldn't ask him, even if I did.” She walked over to the window, her eyes narrowing at the fat, fluffy snowflakes that were falling. “What time are you expected to get in?” “Depends on the weather.” Han let out a muffled yawn. “I've already booked a hotel room, it wouldn't feel right, coming to the house.” She went back over to the counter and took a drink of coffee. “What were we thinking, when we moved into this place twenty-one years ago?” “I don't know, Leia. I really don't know.” There was a muffled sound on the other end. “Boarding call. I better get things together. I'll call you when I land in Boston.” The call ended and she glared at her phone for a moment before hanging up on her end. She didn't know if she wanted her husband to get snowed at Logan Airport or not. “Well, this is a fine time to come back to New York.” She drained the last of her coffee and, after putting her mug in the dishwasher, decided she'd start with the hall closet. * Ben ran his hand along the curved back of the mahogany colored chair, the second most worn seat of the group, the odd marks on the edges, and he had a feeling that if he swung the chair back to look at the bottom, he would find a series of crescent grooves worn into the wood; caused by his younger self, holding onto his chair to keep himself anchored and still. He let out a breath and looked at the rest of the table; it seemed so different, sitting now in Uncle Luke's house instead of that formal dining room of his mother's. The sort of room that had just reeked of touch-me-not and mock perfection. Aunt Mara had put a protective table cover over the top, and he stared at his small stack of gifts, and then at the plethora of wrapping paper on his other side. He had snagged the three-o'clock hour for wrapping, and he had spent the first ten minutes of his turn just staring at the table he grew up eating at on holidays and other 'important' days. The rich scent of cake was drifting through the house and he was trying not to think about this was his first birthday that would be celebrated by more than one person since he was eighteen. He and Rey had decided that they would exchange gifts when they returned from South Dakota, since it made little point to bring the gifts with them only to have to bring them back. Under their tree back in Chicago were also her gifts from Finn and Poe, his gifts from Jen and Nate, and a few other packages. Sighing, he removed his gift for Liam out of its bag and he heard a small chirp and he grinned as Arya's bell let off a small noise and he saw her jump onto the table from the floor. “I thought I raised you better than that.” He admonished. “Jumping on tables.” He crumpled up a scrap of tissue and tossed it at her. Arya dove for it and began to bat it around in her paws. “Don't expect this to be a usual thing.” He grinned, shaking his head as he selected a roll of paper with an ornament pattern and spread it out in front of him. “Sure you don't spoil your cat.” Rey's voice came from the doorway, and he looked up, grinning. “You're never this indulgent with her at home.” “It's the holidays.” He grinned as she came into the room, pulling out one of the chairs, turning it around so she could rest against her arms against the back. He took up the scissors. “You have more things to wrap, did you?” She shook her head. “I'm good.” She gave him a concerned look. “How have you been sleeping?” Her voice dropped low, and she quickly looked down at her hands. “All right.” He answered, honestly. “It'd be easier if air-mattresses were designed for tall people, but it's better than trying to lie comfortably on the couch.” She grinned. “I almost walked into the linen closet last night, confused and thinking it was the bathroom.” She reached out and poked at the tissue paper Arya was playing with, picking it up with the tips of her fingers and batting the animal with it. “It's been kind of strange, not having any sort of work, school or otherwise to do. I'm not used to it.” “As soon as you do, second semester will start.” He taped down the folded paper. “Miss Twenty-One hours.” He gave her a look. “Don't think I'll be writing your lit paper for you, because I won't.” “You could probably make a small fortune writing people's papers for them.” She held the tissue up for Arya to bat at. “What's the current going rate for a term paper these days?” “Depends on the subject, length and the level of the class.” He felt his face flush. “The most I ever made was around a hundred fifty.” He ducked his head, looking over to see her stunned expression. “Twelve pages, counting bibliography on Picket's Charge at the Battle of Gettysburg for American Historical Survey.” Ben slid a hand through his hair. “That's not the price I was going to quote them, that's what they offered and given that they were wearing jeans that cost about what our rent is, I felt no shame in taking it.” Rey straightened. “Where the hell do you buy jeans that cost that much?” she held her hand out. “Wait, I think I know the answer to that, or a possible answer. Neiman Marcus, better known as Needless Markup?” “More than likely. Most expensive jeans I ever bought cost fifty dollars – and I can sort of understand that.” He pulled his uncle's gift from the bag and selected a new roll of paper. “It takes more fabric to cover my legs. What I don't get is why Leslie has to pay the same price, when she's a foot shorter. Shouldn't hers be something close to half that price?” “Since when do you know what Leslie Phasma pays for her jeans? Or what size she wears?” She retorted, grinning and surrendering the tissue paper to Ayra, who batted it off the table and then dived after it. “I'd say since this past September, when she drug me to Kohl's for some new clothes.” Ben sighed, looking down at the table. “It's been a while since I made money that way. It's not something I'm particularly proud of doing, since it's not... well...” He closed his eyes as he felt her arms wrap around his waist, her head pressed between his shoulder blades. “Rey...” “Just don't let me catch you modeling for Life Drawing again.” Her arms tightened around him and she chuckled. “I don't care if the department pays you twice what they did this semester.” He grinned, turning around. “Miss Kenobi, is that jealousy I hear in your voice?” Ben lifted her chin with his hand and kissed her the tip of her nose. “That room was cold, you won't find me doing it again. It's a miracle I didn't get sick.” “I'm surprised I haven't gotten sick either.” she rested her head against his chest and he hugged her tightly, pressing his face into her hair. He'd missed this; the simple act of embracing had started to become a part of their daily routine, but for the past three weeks, they'd missed each other in passing time and time again. “Then again, we haven't exactly been able to share germs lately.” Ben chuckled, hugging her tighter. “Miss Twenty-One Hours can't afford to get sick this upcoming semester.” “Don't remind me.” She snickered. “What was I thinking?” “That you don't want to take classes during the summer?” He lifted her chin and placed a soft kiss on her lips. “You go get your gifts, we'll wrap at the same time and then we'll go take a walk together, what do you think?” Rey smiled. “Sounds great.” * Diana rested her chin on her knees, watching the neighborhood from her window. Well, mainly watched a figure in a coat, hat and scarf use a snow-blower on the sidewalk on the other side of the street. Going in the opposite direction was another person in a coat scooping salt out of a bag and spreading it over the already cleared walk. She'd yet to see any kids running around – if there was ever this much snow in Rotterdam, no one would be working and all the kids would be building forts, snowmen and who knew what else. Aunt Amelia said snow was a constant of their winter here in this part of Illinois. She reached out and ran a finger along the glass, absently wondering if Ben was spending his Christmas here in Chicago or if he'd gone back to Buffalo for the holiday. No, that couldn't be right, since Dad had told her and mom that Ms Organa had been coming to Europe for Christmas for years – and Ben hadn't come with since he went to college. She'd never spent a single Christmas with Dad, and she had sort of accepted that it was Ben's holiday with his father – the way she usually got Easter. But Dad hadn't seen her brother in six years. Sighing, she slid out of her seat and went over to the desk, opening the middle drawer and pulled out the thick pack of construction paper, then took her crayons, scissors and glue from another drawer. Today, wherever he was, was Ben's twenty-fourth birthday. Her own birthday was in May, exactly one month before Dad's in June. She had a shoebox half full of cards she had made for him; she never knew if she'd get a chance to give them to him; but she made them all the same. Aunt Amelia was showing a house to some people this afternoon, Uncle Kurt was in his office downstairs finishing up grades for his students. Diana had kept her door open a crack, just so she could hear the music filtering up from her uncle's radio more clearly. The doorbell rang, the sound echoing loudly through the house. She frowned and had just reached the door of her room when she heard her uncle answer it, and let whomever it was inside. “I wasn't expecting you stop by before New Year's, Peter.” Uncle Kurt's voice sounded strange; somewhere between upset and surprised. “I wanted to drop off the last information I have before heading on holiday, Mr. Anslan. It's not much, but I felt you should know that Benjamin left Chicago for South Dakota two days ago from O'Hare Airport, in the company of Miss Kenobi.” Diana felt the color drain from her face. Who was Peter, and why did he know that about her brother? Who was Miss Kenobi? “Where his aunt and uncle live?” Uncle Kurt cleared his throat. “That's all well and good then. I don't suppose you know when they're expected to return?” “No, Mr. Anslan, I don't. I can also report that Miss Kenobi is no longer an employee at the Aldi where she was working, Benjamin still works at Michael's.” She knew Michael's was an arts and crafts store; Aunt Amelia had a slew of plastic bags from there. Why did this Peter know so much about her brother? She leaned against the wall, and through the crack she could see the man her uncle was talking to; he was shorter than her uncle, and if she had to pick a word to describe him, it was ordinary. Brown hair, brown eyes – nothing to make him stand out. Then she realized that was the point. The man had to be a private investigator. “Anything else change since I last spoke to you?” Uncle Kurt folded his arms and she wanted to kick him in the shin to get the look on his face off of it. It was nothing short of condescending. “His visits to Doctor Andres's psychiatry office have become a weekly occurrence.” Peter answered and Diana had to shove her fist into her mouth to keep from screaming. “Well, from what you've observed and what I understand, if there's anyone who's going to be mentally disturbed, it's going to be that kid. Having a long-time friend kill themselves in such a dramatic way as jumping off the Golden Gate Bridge following two others dying as a result of a car crash is going to mess anyone up.” Uncle Kurt's voice shifted; it sounded almost sympathetic. She swallowed hard, hugging herself tightly. How long had Peter been watching Ben? She felt the tears start to fall down her cheeks and she saw her uncle hand the man an envelope. It made her feel sick. That was her brother they were talking about. And Uncle Kurt probably had no idea she could hear the entire conversation. “I'll report back in a month.” Peter was tucking the envelope into an interior coat pocket. “Would you like me to see what I can find on Miss Kenobi?” “That would be most helpful, particularly since your last report stated that until she moved in with Benjamin, she was living in a firetrap in a particularly unsafe part of Chicago.” there was that nasty tone again. Diana stepped back from the door and went over to her bed, grabbing her stuffed dog and hugging it tightly as she sat back down in her window seat. The two people working in the snow were now together at the end of a driveway, and she could see that the one with the salt had white blonde hair. The thing that struck her as odd was when Peter came out of Uncle Kurt's front door and down to his car, the woman was holding her cell-phone at hip level. At least, she thought it was a phone. As Peter drove away, she saw the woman stick whatever it was into her pocket and look up, noticing her for the first time. She lifted a single finger to her lips, her expression unreadable from this distance, but Diana understood. Well, if Uncle Kurt was going to nose around in her brother's private life, then her having a couple of secrets wasn't a problem at all. She returned the gesture to the woman, and winked. * Grant Phasma frowned at his sister. “Since when do the Anslan's have kids?” “I wouldn't know, I'm not out here all that often.” Gwen frowned. “But that guy who just left, I've seen him a few too many times around Ben for it to be a coincidence. I know I saw him at O'Hare when I picked you up the other day.” He leaned on the snow-shovel, shaking his head. “Why would the professor be so interested in your neighbor? Or do you think he's following Rey Kenobi?” “He's following Ben.” She shook he head. “Whatever he's up to, I have a feeling it's no good.” She set a hand on her pocket, remembering the date. “As soon as I do find out what he's up to, I'm letting both of them know.” She glanced back at the house and saw the girl was still watching the two of them. She needed to find out who she was too. Notes: Yes, Uncle Kurt's a bit of an ass. But once you hear what he thinks of Ben's dad, you'll get where he's coming from. Chapter 3 : Birthday, Part 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The December air was bracing. Rey was certain it wasn't any colder here in South Dakota than it was back in Chicago, but the outdoors felt different here; there was a scent to the winter here that wasn't back in the city. The prairie stretched out on both sides of the road, the land waves of snow, augmented by the occasional row of fence posts, and doted with a solitary tree, but with their off-white trunks spattered with brown, they faded into the landscape. Far off, she wasn't certain of the distance, there was a string of great steel towers, the wires connecting them invisible against the soft gray of the sky. There was just so much space – it wasn't like being out in rural Texas, with its dusty, shrub and tree persona. It was – it was empty here. Empty and yet, she knew full well it wasn't. Ben squeezed her hand as they continued their walk. “You cold?” “No.” She shook her head, looking up at him and smiling. “It's all this space.” He chuckled. “I know what you mean. The first time I can remember being here, I kept wondering where all the trees were.” “That too.” What few trees there were in the area were either tall, wiry pines or cottonwoods. She watched her breath in the air for a moment. “What's that smell?” “That's woodsmoke, most likely.” They came to a crossroads, and Rey looked up at the brown and white sign that stated the Ingalls Homestead was nine miles away. “The snow removal here is better than in Buffalo, but that could be due to all the people who have plows they can fit on the front of their trucks and tractors.” She grinned. “I could argue that it might be even better than Chicago's.” They turned down the road, heading northward. “So is this all your uncle's farm?” She waved her hand to their right. “Or is it back that way?” “Most of it is.” Ben shrugged. “In total, the Skywalker farm is a hundred and twenty acres. They live on one, grow soybeans on seventy-six, grow silage on around twenty and the cows usually graze on the remainder. Well, in the summer that is. I don't know how the whole thing with the cows work. I just know they get sold in October.” Rey thought for a moment. “And the horses are essentially the pets then?” “Something like that.” He shook his head. “They were all rescue animals. If they do any work, I don't know what it is. The reason they're the pets and not anything else, is because they're the only animal that will not eventually end up on the dinner table. The cats and dogs around the farm are just sort of there – that's one of the reasons Arya has to stay in the house. She may be fixed, but given that I trimmed her claws before we left, all she's got to defend herself is her size.” She shook her head. “She's also got her teeth, but I don't think she'd want to get that close.” She grinned. “I don't think cats are much for verbal sparing. Although Arya probably would have the better stories.” He grinned. “Really, Spot and Shadow, I flew on an airplane! That's how I got here!” He raised his voice an octave as he spoke. “I'm also famous on the internet! People in Chicago ask if they can take my picture because I can walk on a leash!” “Yeah, I don't think your aunt and uncle would appreciate Arya teaching the cats in the barn how to operate a doorknob. I don't even know how she learned it.” “They were something shiny and she wanted to grab them, is my guess.” Ben shook his head. “I was just sitting there on the couch one day when Arya padded all calm and quiet over to your room, stood on her hind legs and tugged the pull down. Door opened, in she went.” He let out a breath. “I'd already seen her open drawers and the cabinets, but I didn't think she could figure out the schematics of a knob.” “Not to mention if you fussed at her, she'd try to look cute to get out of trouble.” She wrinkled her nose. “How'd you find out about the drawers?” He grinned, chucking. “I found her in my sock drawer one morning. I'd just gotten out of the shower, went into my room, not even worried about where she could be and boom – overgrown kitten making herself a nest in my dress socks.” He made a face. “It didn't exactly help that it was semi-dark and all of my light colored socks were in the wash.” She laughed. “I know about the laundry basket dozing.” She squeezed his hand. “The cold's not bothering you, is it?” Ben shook his head. “I'm fine, there's not nearly as many stairs around here at there are back in the city. That helps...” He was cut off as his phone started playing 'Moving Out' and they both came to a standstill. His eyes flicked to his coat pocket for a moment, then back at her. Rey could see the hesitancy in his face; she'd heard his phone go off five times in the past three weeks and he'd never answered once. Before she could think of putting her hand on his arm, he pulled the device out of his pocket and hit the answer button, putting it on speakerphone. “Hello?” In the still afternoon, Leia Organa's voice sounded twice as loud as it should as she started to sing. “Happy Birthday to you! Happy Birthday to you! Happy Birthday dear Ben, happy birthday to you!” She cleared her throat. “Have a wonderful day, Ben.” She hung up, leaving Rey wide eyed and Ben – well, his expression was still uncertain, worrying at his bottom lip with his teeth. “That was nice.” He manged to get out as he slid the phone back into his pocket. Rey stepped forward and wrapped him in a hug, smiling as she felt his arms go around her, his face pressed into her hair. With her nose squashed up against his coat, she was acutely aware of the smell of him; that scent she could never quite completely put together. The undercurrent of lavender and Axe Phoenix body wash, coffee and the wind – she heard him sigh as his fingers brushed her ear. The cold seemed to slip away from her as the embrace continued, but reality came crashing back around her when she felt Ben's lips on the back of her neck. “What are you doing?!” She let out a squeal as he nipped at the skin, before pulling away, letting her hair fall back over the area he'd uncovered. “Stealing a moment.” He replied, resting his forehead against hers. “I don't think we'll have many more between now and when we go to the airport on Tuesday.” She returned the smile and stood up on her toes, nipping at his bottom lip. “Your aunt and uncle aren't that dense. I'm fairly certain they're aware of just what kind of companions we are.” She sank back down onto her feet. “Although they won't say anything against it, will they?” He squeezed her hand again and they continued on their walk. “Advantage of a family where you don't discuss things. The only times things are talked about if it's a need-to-know basis or if it concerns someone's safety.” He made a face. “I don't think my cousins have caught on, well, Liam and Elisa haven't, I know that.” He shrugged. “But I'm fairly certain that the only one who knows the truth about their parents is Anna.” Rey stopped short, trying to think what Ben could possibly be talking about. “There's nothing wrong with your aunt and uncle.” She shook her head. “What is the truth?” “Uncle Luke and Aunt Mara are companions too. Not in the same sense we are, but to put it simply, they are platonic bed-sharing friends.” He chuckled. “They aren't gay or bi, they're ace.” He pointed in the direction of the house. “As far as everyone in De Smet knows, they couldn't have kids of their own, that's why they adopted a gang of them.” She folded her arms, thinking over the past day and a half at the farm. There weren't any outward signs she'd noticed of Mr and Mrs Skywalker being asexual, she just thought they were a happily married couple who weren't big into displays of affection. She shrugged. “And how do you know that Anna knows?” She came over, took his hand and they went on down the road. “She asked me, back in May when I was here for Elijah's graduation.” He squeezed her hand. “Uncle Luke will most likely corner me before we leave, telling me the standard conversation of being careful, and not doing anything risky, mostly likely to be augmented with a few lines of how you're so much younger than I am.” “Yeah, all of what, five years and a few months?” She chuckled, leaning over to kiss his cheek. “It's barely that, given our birthdays.” She wrinkled her nose. “You don't think I'll get a similar talking-to, do you?” “If you do, it'll be from grandma, mostly about how she's too young to be a great-grandma.” He rolled his eyes. “You have trouble remembering to feed Arya, and sometimes even yourself. I think we need to get you a plant to practice on. A cactus, so you don't have to water it too often.” She twisted her face into a pout as a reply. * Leia set her phone down, letting herself relax. She had kept her shock at Ben actually answering the phone out of her voice; when he'd said hello, she'd come within a fraction of losing her composure. Just to hear her son's voice after nearly a month of not hearing it; somehow, almost expected to hear not the grown man, but the little boy he used to be. She folded her hands and rested her chin against them, her eyes scanning the empty chairs of the kitchen table. It had been almost a relief when the dining room table had left. While the Quirks had declined her offer of the large television, the Komers had been more than happy to accept, and had carted the damned thing off yesterday afternoon. There was just something satisfying in cleaning out the accumulation of the past twenty-two years. Given her penchant for cleaning things out, she was rather appalled that she hadn't done this task years ago. She'd found at least a dozen coats in the hall closet to donate, some of which she was certain hadn't fit Ben in at least ten years. Folded in the pockets of one of them had been a program from a musical his high school had put on his freshman year. It was just unbelievable how things kept turning up – the coal gray wool coat she'd thought she'd lost somewhere in Europe five years ago had, all along, been tucked near the back of the hall closet, the dry-cleaner bag still over it. Then there had been the collection of hats, scarves, gloves – some hers, some Ben's and some she had no idea who the owner was. Leaving her phone on the kitchen table, she went over to refill her coffee mug, humming softly to herself. On the fridge was a picture of the view from her new loft in St. Louis – she'd be able to see the Mississippi River from her windows, as well as part of the Arch. Right in the heart of downtown, only a short walk from her new firm. Close enough she could walk everyday, ending a hellish commute. As she came back to the table, her phone started ringing and she frowned. It seemed a little too soon for Han to be calling her. “Hello?” She sat down at the table. “Han?” “Hey.” Her husband took a breath. “Flight was diverted for a technical emergency. No one's hurt or anything, but it looks like I won't be in Buffalo any time soon.” He sighed. “We're in Halifax.” She looked down into her cup, as if it had answers for her. “How's the weather?” “Gray and cold.” He coughed. “What about there?” Leia turned to look out the window. “Snowing.” she frowned. “The big, fat flake kind of snow. Odds are, even if you were in Boston, you'd have little chance of flying in on time, if at all.” She took a sip of coffee. “I'm glad you're safe and sound.” “Yeah.” There was a shuffling noise. “So much for Christmas, huh?” She swallowed. “I don't think we've had a real Christmas as a family since the year we went to South Dakota.” “That was forever ago.” Han chuckled. “Ben was what, ten?” She picked up her mug. “Yes, he was. Mara made pineapple upside down cake. Odds are, someone's made him one for tonight. I may not know much about our son, but I do know his favorite cake.” He coughed. “Excuse me. Yeah. That was back when there were just two kids to keep track of – how many Skywalkers are there now? Four, right?” Leia resisted the urge to roll her eyes. “Five, Han. Anna, Elijah, Daisy, Liam and Elisa.” She pulled the tin of cookies towards her. “Reminds me, will you be coming to Anna's graduation from high school this May? I've already made plans to go, even though it's in five months.” “Anna isn't that old already, is she?” He coughed again. “Where does the time go? And when did uh... Liam, was it? When did he show up at the farm?” “Around two years ago. He's twelve...” She tucked her phone under her chin so she could pry the tin open. “I think. I know he's younger than Daisy, and older than Elisa, and she just turned ten.” “Well, given that the only one we've ever met is Anna, I'd say it's understandable.” There was a shuffling noise and she could hear part of a conversation. “No flights until when? Tomorrow morning?” He muttered something and then there was a loud thump. “Sorry, had to get out of the line. Looks like I'm here until tomorrow afternoon, at the earliest.” He sighed. “You saw Anna this past summer, right?” “Yes.” Leia didn't want to be reminded of this past June. “Well, if you're stuck in Halifax, odds are, the hotel rooms are going to be going fast.” “Oh, I've got a corner of the airport already staked out. I've slept in worse places.” He sighed. “I'll call you to let you know when I'm getting out of here.” “All right.” she took a drink from her mug. “When was the last time you were here, Han? I can't remember.” “For any length of time? The May Ben graduated from high school.” He chuckled. “When the hell did he get to be twenty-three?” Leia was certain that she could have killed husband with the look on her face at the moment. “Last year, Han. He's twenty-four today.” “Shit.” Han hissed. “He's not that old, is he?” “Yes. Our son is twenty-four years old and I don't think I'm the only one who owes him a serious apology. Stay safe.” She hit end call on her phone and dropped it on the table, selecting a sugar cookie in the shape of a sleigh from the tin. She took a very large bite out of it as the phone started to ring again, and she glared at the device as she ate, pointedly ignoring it. It wouldn't be the first time she'd dismissed her husband's calls, nor was it the first time she had done it on someone else's behalf. * Where had the time gone? Han leaned against the airport window, his eyes narrowing at the rapidly darkening sky, and the light snowfall he knew would turn heavy before the evening was done. Halifax was small in comparison to many airports he'd been stranded in, but it was slightly more modern than others. He sighed as he watched an Air Canada flight roll past, heading for the runway. Some of the people who had been on his plane were, no doubt, on that flight, headed for Toronto, trying to catch a flight from there to their destination in the States. Tomorrow afternoon he'd board a plane that would take him to Buffalo, so he'd get to skip the whole clusterfuck that Boston International was going to be tomorrow. He supposed he shouldn't have been so damn surprised when this year blew up in his face. When he'd gone to see Diana for her birthday, that was when the first inkling that something was starting to go wrong. Sonja hadn't looked right in his mind; while they had an amicable relationship, mostly for their daughter's sake, he could see that she wasn't well. He'd asked if she was feeling all right, and she stated that she had a cold that she just could shake. He accepted her answer, but the niggling worry remained. He'd headed off for a cruise along the Nordic coast, being assigned to the task due to his familiarity with the sort of seas they would encounter. He'd never liked it because of the spotty cell-phone coverage. Han had two dozen messages on his cell when his phone finally worked decently again, when they arrived in Oslo. The ones from Leia grew progressively angrier as he went through them, and the handful from his brother-in-law were reproachful. In the end, he had offered his somewhat pathetic excuse, then the summer went on. If his wife felt that she failed as a mother, then what his attempt at being a father to Ben was beyond comprehension. There was no middle ground for the two of them to meet on – no shared interest. Most fathers and sons had something they could do together – but he and Ben – there was nothing. About all they had was a mutual hatred of the New York Yankees. His son was a staunch supporter of the Red Sox and Cubs, while he favored his hometown Orioles and their National League counterparts, the Nationals. It was different with Diana. He and Leia should have gotten divorced twelve years ago. He could have married Sonja and then Ben might have had another reason to hate him, but he somehow knew that if he had done that, Leia might not have pushed Ben away and the two of them wouldn't be estranged. The distance had always made it just seem easier to not to stay in communication with his son. Their family was broken; shattered to a point where there wasn't any hope of repair. Han knew he was going to Buffalo to have the final argument – the one he and Leia needed to have and then they would go their separate ways. They had not been a family since Ben was around six or seven years old; when had the house been little more than a place to list as an address when he filed his taxes? He had to wonder if Leia felt the same way; just divorce and call it done. He shouldered his bags and walked away from the window, deciding he better eat something substantial before workers closed up shop for the night. He pulled his cell from his pocket as he made his way down the terminal and flipped through the contacts, trying not to think how wrong it was that his son's number wasn't even in the first ten. He wasn't expecting Ben to answer, he hadn't in weeks. The number rang four times before there was a click and his heart swooped at the notion that it'd been answered. “Ben? Happy Birthday kiddo.” “This isn't Ben.” A sharp female voice answered him. She sounded British. “I'll relay the message for you, Mr. Solo.” The connection ended, and Han was left staring at the now silent phone, wondering just how much he'd missed in his son's life that he could never regain. * Anna looked up from the dish she was washing to Rey, who was intently drying the bowl she'd just placed in the rack. It was sort of strange in her mind; there was only a one and a half year difference between the two of them, but it somehow seemed like a wider gap. She also wasn't an idiot; she had the strong suspicion that there was more to her and her cousin than either of them were willing to reveal. Not that it was any of her business what the two of them got up to in their private lives. People who hurt Ben, however, were her business. Not that she thought the young woman next to her capable of it. “What's Texas like?” Rey blinked at her. “Hot.” She set the now dry bowl down and picked up another one. “Well, for most of the year.” She shrugged. “It's different from here, and from Chicago. Houston's a vastly different city than that. They're both big, but it's just – well, the mix of people are different. As are the attitudes and the culture. Does that make sense?” She nodded, rinsing the plate and setting it in the rack. “I don't like cities. They seem – wrong, I suppose. Sure, around here you can't catch a cold without the whole town knowing about it, but I think that sort of...” She wasn't sure how to continue this conversation, it was too weird. The older girl set the dry bowl in the other. “All right, let's just get into it – Daniel Radcliffe or Tom Felton?” She grinned. “Or are you a Rupert Grint girl?” Anna chuckled, glad at the broken tension. “Rupert. Buys himself an ice-cream truck and drives it around, handing out stuff to kids for free? Total sweetheart.” she handed her another bowl to dry. “Yourself?” “I'd go with Daniel, but I'd probably be thinking of Ezra Miller.” She shook her head. “I was a goner after Perks of Being a Wallflower .” She paused. “I think I spent a good hour fangirling over the Justice League trailer.” “Oh, next year is going to be a glorious film year. From Beauty and the Beast to the first Pendragon film.” She finished washing the last bowl and rinsed it. “Nearest theater is in Brookings, well – there is Bryant, but they only have one movie at a time.” She handed the bowl to Rey. “You did see Fantastic Beasts , right?” “I actually haven't” she kept her focus on the bowl. “From work to classes, I really didn't have the time.” Anna nodded in understanding as she slid the cake pan into the soapy water. “We went to see it in Bryant during Thanksgiving Break. I didn't notice a movie theater anywhere near Ben's apartment when I was there this past summer.” “I don't know where the nearest one is either.” Rey confessed. “I didn't know where the closest grocery store was until three weeks ago.” She smiled awkwardly. “It's been too cold to properly explore the neighborhood.” “Yeah, Anna, you have to remember that this is the girl who chose to go to college in Chicago and forgot to include a coat on her packing list.” Ben quipped from the doorway. Anna nearly burst out laughing at the look Rey gave her cousin. But the idea of forgetting a coat was rather amusing. “So the lack of a coat is this Kenobi's flat tire?” He leaned against the fridge, folding his arms. “I think that's a fair assessment. Although we can give Rey here a little bit of an allowance – I doubt they sell heavy coats in Houston in the summer, if ever.” “You. Are. Terrible.” Rey seethed, but Anna could tell she wasn't as angry as she was pretending to be. “I hate to break it to you, Miss Kenobi, but Ben's the nice one.” She intoned, turning her attention to scrubbing the cake pan. “I'm the show-off, Daisy's the plotter, Elijah's the co-conspirator, Elisa's the informant, and Liam's still working on his part.” * Luke affixed a bow to the last package, absently running his fingers along the bright blue and white paper, the quiet of the house settling around him. In the still December night, he could hear the long, low horn of the freight train – the tracks a good nine miles south of where he was standing. It was just after ten at night and he had waited until all the kids were in bed before finishing up the wrapping. It was something that he and Mara took turns with every year. He let out a sigh as he heard a slight tinkling of a bell and a moment later, Arya appeared in one of the chairs on the other side of the table, watching him. “What's the matter, little miss?” He used Ben's nickname for his cat. “Not ready to sleep?” In response, the cat chirped and then got up onto the table, lying down right next to the packages. “Terrible manners.” He tossed a scrap of tissue paper at the animal. “Her manners are better than most cats'.” Ben spoke up from the doorway. “Is she bugging you?” He shuffled into the room, looking half-asleep. “I'll take her out of here...” Luke frowned at his nephew's apologetic manner. He could remember the first time he saw it, all of ten years old and so worried about doing something wrong. While he knew that this wasn't a result of his sister's treatment of her child, it hadn't taken him too long to figure out exactly why it was there. “Just tell me how you got her to not claw furniture and she doesn't do it when there's food on the table, and it'll be fine.” His nephew slid into the chair his cat had first occupied, and the animal padded over to him, licking his chin. “Evening, little miss.” “Your father didn't call you, did he?” He stated, barely able to keep the anger from his voice. “Or did he call and you not answer?” “He called, but I wasn't the one who answered.” Ben replied, his focus on Arya, not him. “Mom called too, just sang happy birthday and then hung up.” He swallowed, suddenly looking ten years younger. “I thought it was fairly nice.” Luke sat down and pinched the bridge of his nose. “I suppose it was, but this whole thing...” He took a breath. “Since you're not talking to your parents, I may as well just tell you. I'm fairly certain that they're going to be getting a divorce.” He looked up at that. “I don't see how that changes much. They weren't much of a couple to begin with, and it's not like they have to have a custody battle over me.” He turned back to Ayra. “If they had done it ten years ago, I might have enjoyed the attention.” “If that's your attempt at humor, it isn't funny.” He admonished. “I can't say that I'm surprised.” He absently spooled a loose ribbon around his fingers. “I suppose it is for the best. Just as I know getting out of Buffalo is going to be good for your mother. She's spent too long there waiting for people who are never coming back to return.” Ben glanced at him. “I know that.” He sighed, then sat back. “I also know that she pushed me away because she was afraid I'd hurt her.” He swallowed, picking up the tissue paper for his cat to play with. “I figured that out when I was around sixteen, when I first started seriously thinking about De Paul. It wasn't the school that she had an issue with, I don't think. It was the fact that it was all the way out in Chicago.” “That's highly possible.” Luke gave him a weak chuckle. “She did ask me what the hell I wanted to go to Chicago for when we were seniors.” He sighed, running a hand through his hair. “I'm not here to tell you that you need to patch things up with your parents. You're not the one at fault, but I'm going to ask you to not be like your mother and fester about it.” He shook his head. “At least where your mom is concerned. I'm still undecided on your father.” “Welcome to the club.” He grumbled as Arya climbed into his arms. “I'd just like to punch him in the face and call it good.” He snorted. “Well, you're a better man than I am, Benjamin. I was thinking of shooting him in the leg. On behalf of you, your mom, your sister and her mother.” “Odds are if you did, Diana's uncle would buy you a steak dinner afterward.” He lifted his head, and his lips quirked upward in a smile. “I ran away from home once. I wanted to come live here.” Luke straightened at that; this was something he'd never heard. “How far did you get?” “Downtown Buffalo. I didn't have enough money for a Greyhound ticket to Sioux Falls. Furthest I could get was Indianapolis.” He closed his eyes as Arya began purring. “So I went back – and found that Mom hadn't even come back from work to find me gone.” “How old were you?” He folded his arms. “Thirteen. I could have swiped the money from the emergency fund, but I thought I should be honest about what I was doing.” The look on his face was oddly pathetic. “If I had helped myself to that cash, I would have made it here.” He glanced up. “Or at least, gotten as far as Chicago before the cops brought me back.” He closed his eyes, wondering if Leia even knew about his attempt to run away or not. Odds are, she didn't. It was so hard to believe sometimes that he and his sister were even related, let alone were twins. The Organa-Solo family was like peeling an onion. One layer under another and just as tear educing, be it sorrow, frustration or joy. He opened his eyes and tried to smile, but failed. “I know this isn't something that can just be patched up, Ben. And I know you shouldn't be expected to let all of what's happened between you and your parents to just be wiped clean.” He took a breath, weighing his words. “Just don't brush any of their efforts aside.” Ben didn't look at him. “Is it okay of I wait to see if Mom's being sincere?” He was quiet, and Luke expected him to mention his father as well, but he had a feeling that he wasn't going to include Han. Quite honestly, he couldn't blame his nephew there. “That's reasonable.” He stood and came around the table, ruffling the young man's hair affectionately. “all right, Grandpa, you go get some sleep. Busy day tomorrow.” His nephew rose to his feet, still cradling Arya, who was almost asleep in his arms. “Good night, Uncle Luke.” “Night Ben. And once more, Happy Birthday.” He gave him a one armed hug, which Ben managed to return. “Thanks.” He smiled, albeit tiredly, and walked quietly down the hall, nudging the boy's room door open with his foot before slipping inside. As the door shut, Luke let out a sigh. He knew that Ben would, no doubt, think over their brief conversation well into the night. He turned and went to put his packages under the tree. Notes: This chapter was difficult to write. I was all set to plow through it and have it done last Friday, (Ben's birthday!) and then... well, we all know how this week has been with the passing of Carrie Fisher and her mother. I had to fight my muse into not patching things up between Ben and Leia in a way that destroys the world I've got going here. You all stay safe this New Year's Eve, you hear? Chapter 4 : Christmas Eve Summary: Christmas Eve with the Skywalkers and at the Organa-Solo house. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When his uncle had said Christmas Eve was going to be busy, Ben had already known he wasn't kidding. There was dinner for today and tomorrow to prepare for, which he'd volunteered to help with, since it was about the only thing he was certain he couldn't mess up. The idea was to get as much work done today so that tomorrow, on Christmas, what work there was would be finished relatively quickly so that the holiday could be enjoyed. As he put the last of the breakfast dishes away, Aunt Mara came into the kitchen, a list in her hand. “Do you know where Daisy is?” “She's in the laundry room.” He straightened up as his grandma came into the room. “And here's the boss.” “Nonsense.” Grandma replied as she pulled on an apron. “You're as much as of an assistant today as I am.” She turned to Aunt Mara. “What's first?” “I'm not making you do any of the work, mom.” the woman flushed. “You're a guest.” “Don't start with me, Mara Jade.” Grandma lifted her chin and folded her arms. “I'm not going to sit on the couch and run commentary while the rest of you work. I'm going to help and you'll not win this argument with me. Not this year, not last year and not next year either. I may be seventy-five, but I am far from senile.” Ben mirrored his grandma's pose. “I wouldn't suggest giving her the super-easy jobs either. She'll know.” His aunt made a face at him. “Just for that, Benjamin Bail, you go out to the freezer in the garage and bring back the lasagna...” she pulled a slip of paper from her notepad and held it out. “and the rest of this. Chop chop!” He took the list and saluted his aunt. “Yes, ma'am.” He walked out, passing the laundry room where Rey and his cousin were attempting to cover their giggles. “Don't even start, Rey Satine!” Behind him, he heard Daisy shriek. “Your middle name is Satine ?” It was chilly in the garage as he went over to the large deep freezer, pushing the lid up and scanning his list and the contents. He pulled the lasagna out first, setting it on the hood of the car behind him as he dug out the rest of the requested items; sausage, two loaves of bread, and an assortment of other items. He managed to gather everything up, resting most of the items on the party-size Stouffer's box, the bread balanced on the top. In the past few days, Ben had found that his thoughts had stated wholly positive; at the same time, his thoughts drifted towards his sister, wondering how she was doing. The idea of having a sister and then finding out he actually had one were vastly different; he'd searched through campus directories of all the colleges in the Chicago area in an attempt to locate her uncle. He'd found the man at Northwestern, but didn't email him. What the hell was he going to say? It was a good bet the man hated his father, and Ben certainly didn't want to make this any more awkward than it was. He was able to nudge the door open and just as he shut it behind him, he heard the lid of the washing machine slam down. It caused him to stop short; not out of fear for himself, but what he heard next. “Rey? You okay?” He took a few steps forward to look into the laundry room to find Daisy gaping at Rey, who had backed herself into a corner, her face white. Not even pausing, he handed the items to his cousin. “Take these into the kitchen, Daisy.” He saw her eyes widen at his tone, but she did, fumbling with the bread as it fell to the floor. “Go ahead, it's okay.” He tried to remain calm as he heard her footsteps retreat to the kitchen. For his part, he crouched down, watching Rey, who was trembling. He knew better than to just grab her into a hug. “Rey?” She swallowed, her eyes darting from the doorway behind him to his face. “I...” “It's okay, Rey. Nothing's wrong.” He kept his voice even. Ben could have cursed himself; he'd been so worried about his own triggers, he'd forgotten that Rey also had them. He moved a little closer to her, just so that he could reach out and touch her hand. “That was pretty loud, wasn't it?” She nodded, glancing over his shoulder and he turned and saw his grandmother and aunt watching them. “I...” “Give us a few, please?” He shifted his focus back to her, giving her fingers a squeeze, “just breathe, okay?” He moved so he was sitting next to her, his hand still holding hers. A moment later, Arya all but ran into the room and sat herself firmly in Rey's lap, chirping. “Silly kitty.” Rey mumbled, pressing her forehead against the animal. “I'm sorry.” “Don't be.” He started to rub her back. “That's the trouble with some triggers, some you can't prevent completely.” She let out a sigh, leaning against him. “Maybe I should start seeing Doctor Andres. Then again, that might be weird for him.” “If you want, we can ask him for a referral.” He wrapped his other arm around her. “What are you two clowns doing?” Anna's voice came from the doorway, her face pink with cold. “There's...” “Anna Kinley, you leave them alone!” Aunt Mara's voice was slightly sharp and Ben felt Rey tense next to him. “Where's your father?” “Mom...” The girl protested, stepping out of their line of sight. “You want to sit here a while longer?” Ben asked Rey, pushing her hair from her face as Arya stood and nudged her head against his his chin. He gave his cat an absent rub behind the ears. A tiny grin appeared on Rey's face. “Anna Kinley ?” “Yeah. She's named after our biological grandfather Anakin, I'm named after grandpa Organa, just with the names reversed, he was Bail Benjamin.” He chuckled. “Nate once looked at our names and stated we sounded like Cabbage Patch Kids.” “Those things are creepy.” She mumbled, jumping slightly when the washing machine started to thrum, the filling cycle complete. “That they are.” He sighed, letting her relax against him. “Was it the lid falling?” “Uh huh.” She managed a weak smile. “Not as bad as the plate.” He remembered her first panic attack. “Yeah, that was bad.” he closed his eyes, making a mental note to be more watchful of how he shut things back in the apartment from now on. * Leia knotted the trash-bag of donations with a flourish, then did a quick count of what was left in the linen closet; three sets of queen size sheets and two full. While she certainly didn't expect him to be sleeping in it any time soon, she was bringing Ben's bed with her to St. Louis to function as a bed for the guest bedroom in her new loft. While she had the urge to just start over with new everything in her new home and fully purge herself of this life in Buffalo, she really didn't want the hassle of having to do extensive shopping when she got to her new place. Tucking a stray strand of hair behind her ear, she drug the bag behind her, resisting the urge to roll it down the stairs. “It's insane that I haven't done this sooner.” she looked back down the hallway, taking a breath. There was just so much stuff in this house; almost all of it unnecessary. Shaking her head, she headed down the stairs, pulling the bag along, adding it to the row in the front hallway. As she did, she stopped short, looking into the living room; an alarming thought coming to her. Leia had absolutely no idea where the Christmas tree ornaments were. She knew that the tree had gone to a garage sale drive when Ben was in high school, and she'd never bothered to replace it. But the ornaments – those had remained. “Where would I have put those?” She rubbed her temple, trying to remember what kind of box they were in, or where the most logical place for them was. The house didn't have an attic or a crawl space. “Shit.” The glass baubles she was fine with losing, but there had been a collection of wooden ornaments that had been made by her father and painstakingly painted by Grandma Shmi. There were others too; ones that had been made by herself, and some, more importantly, made by Ben. The other day she'd found a pie-sized hunk of plaster with her son's five year old hand-print in the middle and she had nearly wept for joy. Loathed as she was to do it, there was only one person who would know where the ornaments could possibly be. Leia took her phone out of her pocket and, rather than call Ben directly and risk him not answering her, she called her brother. She checked her watch; it was just after one in South Dakota. There were two rings before the phone was answered. “Good afternoon, Skywalker residence, may I help you?” It was a boy's voice, too young to be Elijah. “Good afternoon, is this Liam?” She bit at her bottom lip. “It's your aunt Leia.” “Oh, Ben's mom?” He coughed. “Sorry, yes, this is Liam. Did you want to talk to my dad?” A part of her felt perfectly ridiculous in this game of not-talking she and Ben were engaged in currently, but at the same time, knew that it was going to continue for a least another month. She hoped it wouldn't be longer than that. “Well, actually, maybe you can help me. If Ben's there, could you ask him if he remembers where the Christmas decorations are?” “Uh, sure, one minute.” She heard him relay the message, and Leia had a flash of memory; a narrow hallway that had a land-line and three of the house's four bedrooms and a bathroom. “Ben says, that if you haven't moved them, they should all be in the dark brown chest in the living room. The one that used to be a toy-box.” Leia scanned the living room, finding the chest in a minute, it was under the window that faced the Quirk's house, relieved. “Yes, I still have it.” She went over and lifted the lamp off of the top before raising the lid, leaning it against the wall. About half a dozen boxes were inside, red and green tissue paper sticking out of the corners, and a plastic bag that looked to be full of lights. “Oh, Aunt Leia? Ben says he took at least a dozen ornaments when he moved to Chicago, so if you notice some missing, that's where they are.” “That's okay, thank you.” She took a breath, “Merry Christmas, Liam.” She cleared her throat. “Tell your dad and grandma I'll call them later.” “No problem, Merry Christmas.” He replied, then hung up. A month ago, she might have been annoyed at his abruptness, but she let it go. She'd never met her youngest nephew, hell, she didn't even know his exact age. She opened her Pandora app to a Christmas station, set her phone on the mantle before kneeling down on the floor to check the contents. Leia ran her hand along the cardboard packing box, the address of the first house in Buffalo faded on the address label, but the clear, even strokes of her grandmother's writing still legible despite the nearly fifty years since its initial mailing. She picked it up and opened the lid, and she could see the displaced tissue from where Ben must have gone through it. The doorbell fairly echoed through the house and she nearly dropped the box. Shaking her head, she set it back into place and went towards the door as the bell rang again. Looking out of the peephole, she let out a sigh and then threw back the locks, holding onto the door for support as she faced her husband. “I thought you were stuck in Halifax until tomorrow.” “I hung around on standby, got out early this morning.” Han ran a hand through his hair. “May I come in?” Leia stepped back to let him pass, resolved to keep calm throughout what was about to transpire. This was going to be nothing short of ugly; and she was relieved in a way, that Ben wouldn't be here to see it. “Wipe your feet.” “I was going to do that.” He took off his coat, laying it over the bannister. “Where'd all these bags come from?” She shut the door, throwing one of the two locks into place. “I've been asking myself the same question as I clean things out.” She went past him, heading for the kitchen. “Coffee?” “Sure.” He answered and she heard him following her. “You talk to Ben yesterday?” “He answered my call, if that's what your asking. I wished him a happy birthday and left it at that. He'll talk to me when he's ready. There's no point in trying to force him.” She went over to the counter and got out a mug, then handed it to him. “You know how the Keurig works?” “Yeah.” Han almost looked sheepish as he went over to the machine and busied himself with making his coffee. “I can already tell you that I won't be at Anna's graduation. It's not work related, I just have a feeling that if I showed up, your brother might shoot me.” Leia kept her face blank, knowing that her husband was most likely telling the truth. Well, it was one less thing to worry about. “I don't think Luke's the type.” She walked out of the kitchen to retrieve her phone, shutting down Pandora as she returned. Han was leaning against the counter, looking absently around the room. “Something wrong?” “This room seems bigger for some reason.” He shook his head, took a sip from his mug. “Or maybe I've been living in a small cabin too long.” “Possibly.” She went over to the pantry, more for something to do than any real purpose. “I've spent most of the last month what I was doing in this big house all alone.” “Leia...” Han let out a worn sigh. “I'm just...” Grabbing a can of soup, she returned and dropped it on the counter, causing it to fall over and roll towards him. “ You want some lunch?” What the hell was wrong with her? She should be screaming at him right now, or they should be patching things up, or something – anything other than this odd conversation they were currently having. Han picked up the can, setting it upright. “When did this become over, Leia? It just....” “I don't know. I think we were both too busy living our lives to really notice that they weren't connected any longer.” She went to fill her own coffee mug. “We were just playing the parts we felt she we should, and while we went on pretending that everything was good, it was falling apart and the only one who saw it was Ben.” She closed her eyes. “I'm sorry about Sonja.” She meant it, even if a part of her seriously envied all the time she had gotten to spend with Han that she hadn't. “Yeah.” He took a sip of coffee, not looking at her. “I still wish I'd gone to see Ben back in June, after his accident.” “You do know that he pretty much stays in Chicago, don't you Han? It's not like he moves around the country and you can never find him?” It was a weak argument, since she was just as guilty as he was of neglecting their child. “It wouldn't have mattered if you had been there.” she shut her eyes. “He was so far gone on pain killers, I doubt he remembers me being there all that much.” To his credit, Han at least looked guilty and contrite. “I didn't even know how bad it was until I talked to Ben in September.” He frowned over the edge of his mug. “Who's the British girl?” “British girl?” Leia frowned, “who are you talking about?” “When I called Ben the other day, a British sounding girl answered the call.” He set his mug down. “That's not Anna, is it?” She set her mug down, thinking. “That's Rey, Ben's roommate.” She arched an eyebrow. “Consider yourself lucky, she just about took my head off back at the start of the month.” she looked away, realizing something almost as soon as she spoke the words. “I don't want to argue. We should just go our separate ways, amicably.” She took a sip of coffee, catching sight of the small jewelry box she'd placed there yesterday. She put her mug back down, picked up the box and held it out towards Han. “You should take this.” He frowned at her, his hand closing around the box. “What is it?” “It's the jewelry I inherited from your mother. I feel that I don't have a right to it.” She pulled her hand away. “This should go to Diana.” Leia was almost shocked at how civil she sounded. She should be screaming herself hoarse right now. Han leaned against the counter as he opened it, and she knew what he saw; the strand of pearls, a wedding set of rings, and the assortment of broaches that Madeleine Albright might have in her own collection. “I'd forgotten about most of these.” He held up a silver butterfly augmented with garnets. “You don't think Ben would want these? When he gets married?” She blinked in response. “I don't believe so.” She wrapped her hands around her mug. “Somehow, I'm almost certain that the type of young lady Ben would marry wouldn't wear ornamental broaches. Pearls, maybe – but not the rest of it.” He dropped the pin and then shut the box, placing it on the counter. “When's moving day?” “Week after next.” She sighed. “I need to have everything that's going to the Goodwill ready by Thursday. There's a truck coming this Tuesday to take Ben's things to Chicago.” She rubbed her temple. “Now that the closets are all done, I can tackle the living room.” “I noticed the dining room table was gone. Where'd it go?” He took a drink from his mug. “I sent it to Luke. Sent the tablecloths too...” She frowned. “Didn't the ones your mother had go to her sisters?” “Yeah.” He replied, looking into his cup instead of at her. “'Course, I have no idea where they are now. Really don't care either.” Leia shook her head and picked her mug back up, her gaze fixed on the window. It was snowing again. * Christmas Eve dinner was to be the inaugural meal for the new-old table at the Skywalker house. Rey set the last of the bright yellow Fiestaware plates in place, looking over at Elisa, who was putting round the silverware. The smell of garlic and butter seemed to permeate the house. The last time she'd had lasagna had been the night before she left for Chicago in August. The younger girl set down the last fork then surveyed their work. “This table seems huge.” She wrinkled her nose. “Did my brothers put another leaf in it?” “I think they did.” Rey frowned. “I know it didn't seem this large when I was wrapping gifts the other day.” She frowned, noticing something odd. “There's eleven places here, aren't there just ten of us?” Elisa straightened, looking the table over. “Oh, that's for the unexpected guest. We always have one at every holiday meal. It's a tradition from Grandpa Bail's family. It's a Polish thing, it's in case we have a friend or family member stop by unannounced, so they can be included in the meal. Most families that do it only do it Christmas Eve, but I think somehow, it became a tradition to do it on all holidays. Just because it's Easter, doesn't mean you won't have unexpected company.” She gave the girl a look. “Organa doesn't sound remotely Polish.” “Well, there's a lot of people with ancestors from Eastern Europe with the surname Smith.” She wrinkled her nose at Rey, “and you certainly don't sound southern. Southern London, maybe.” “Point.” She answered as Mara came into the room carrying a long box, the inside of which she could see smaller boxes, the folded kind with a thin wire handle that reminded her of Chinese take-out. “I think we're just about ready in here.” Mara nodded, and started setting the boxes at certain seats at the table, and Rey noted that they all had names on them, and she noted that Miss Padme had been placed at one end of the table, and Ben was in Luke's normal spot at the other end. At least, that's what she deduced from the names on the boxes set before the plates. She shrugged the notion off and went into the kitchen, grabbing bottles of salad dressing out of the fridge. Elisa ducked past her and grabbed the large bowl of salad off the counter. The Skywalker's ranch-style home was sort of odd in Rey's mind. With ten people currently in it, she was certain that it should seem crowded, but it was strangely spacious. The only time it really seemed crowded in the past few days was when they ate meals, bunched around the table in the breakfast nook. The dining room was bordered by the kitchen at one end and a wide hallway on the other. Three of the bedrooms were on one side of the house, with the master being tucked on the other side of the kitchen. The living-family-great room in the middle of the house was partially open to the kitchen. The Christmas tree stood just to the left of the door to a porch. It was cozy; that was the word for it. She went back into the dining room just as all the boys came up from the basement along with Luke, all of them carrying packages and placing them in the living room. Mara called out to the house in general. “Hands washed and seats taken in five minutes, everyone. Dinner's almost ready.” Daisy came into the dining room carrying two baskets of bread, setting one at each end of the table. “What color are the ornaments this year mom?” “It's a blue year.” the woman smiled, “End of the cycle. It'll start anew and be gold next year.” She went out of the room and Rey frowned. “Ornaments?” She shook her head. “What do you mean?” “Bit of a tradition.” Luke answered as he came into the room, followed by Ben. “You've seen those ornaments for a baby's first Christmas, haven't you?” She nodded. “Well, you see, it all started with Anna. She didn't celebrate this holiday until she was three, and Daisy here, she was six.” The younger girl smiled absently then ducked back out of the room. “So, every year, all the kids get a new ornament with the number of which Christmas it is for them being here.” Ben grinned. “It's my second one.” He wrinkled his nose. “Uncle Luke, why am I at the head of the table?” “Because your grandmother is at the foot and it was her request that you be there and if you'd care to argue, I suggest strongly against it.” The man shot a grin at Rey, which she returned. “I'll wager the only person on this earth who'd dare try it is Gwendoline Phasma.” His nephew snorted. “Please, the two of them would never argue. Gwen would just want embarrassing stories about me, which, after a few Bloody Marys, Grandma would be more than happy to give.” “Someone say my name?” Miss Padme swept into the room, giving her son a hug and then doing the same to Rey. “Honestly, I don't know where anyone got this idea that I'm some sort of fireball.” She looked from her son to grandson, who were both making an effort not to look at her as Elijah came into the room, carrying the large pan of lasagna. Ben snickered. “I'm sure it has nothing to do with the fact that you're the only person we know whom my mother is absolutely terrified of.” * The church was a mixture of scents that clashed terribly. It was also practically standing room only; Diana hadn't understood why they had needed to leave at seven for a eight-thirty service, until she saw the church parking lot. Then there was also the fact that both her aunt and uncle were in the choir. Looking over the edge of the loft, she could see crowd below, and kept herself occupied before the start of the service. She rested her arms on the rim, cutting off her view of at least half the people. Down there, people were hugging, shaking hands, happy in a general sort of way. She slowly looked around at some of the people standing, catching sight of a man in a suit leaning against the wall, a baby-car carrier at his feet. He kept looking down at it, and while she couldn't see the baby, she guessed it must be sleeping. He folded his arms, glancing at his watch. Diana wondered if he was waiting for someone. She looked past him to another pair leaning against the wall, slightly older kids who kept talking to a group in a pew. They must all be a family and there wasn't enough room for them all to sit. As she watched, a middle-aged woman rose from her seat and waved a pregnant woman over from the wall, pointing to the spot where she was. When the person who had been sitting next to her started to move closer to the edge, the first woman must have said something, because even from this distance, she could see the person move quickly back to where they were before the pregnant woman sat down. An altar server came out and started to light the candles. Diana looked back over towards the choir as there was a rustling and a woman sat down on the bench at the pipe organ. She straightened up, catching sight of her uncle, who was standing with the rest of the rest of the tenors, and he caught her eye and gave her a smile. She returned it the best she could. She went back to watching the people below and in front of her as the choir behind her began singing 'It Came Upon a Midnight Clear.' She wanted her mom. * Luke watched as the garage door came down, making sure it met the concrete before shutting the door to the house, pushing it into place, as it had a tendency to stick. It was on his list of things to fix before the end of the month. The animals were secure for the night, everything was quiet outside, and with the lightly falling snow, he wasn't worried about waking up to any weather he and his family couldn't handle. Even though he knew everyone was inside, he still counted up the pairs of shoes in the mudroom as he took off his work boots and set them next to Mara's. He hung his Carhartt coat up, then flicked out the light in the mudroom. As he came into the kitchen, he noted that the only lights left in the living room came from the Christmas tree and the television. “Someone still awake in there?” He walked into the living room, finding it all but deserted, until he looked over at the couch where Ben was fairly wedged into the corner, with Rey asleep next to him, her head against his collar, his arms around her, her arms around his waist. Both of them were asleep. Rather than rouse them from their slumber and send them off to their respective beds alone, he pulled a quilt out of the basket next to the couch, unfolded it and tucked the blanket around the pair as gently as he could. As he was lifting the covers over Rey's feet, he heard Ben mumble, then move slightly so his companion's head was perfectly placed under his chin. "Sleep tight, you two." Luke stepped back just as Arya loped into the room and jumped onto the couch, curling up near Rey's feet. He smiled. “And good night to you as well, little miss.” He picked up the remote, turned the television off, and walked quietly to his and Mara's room. The hall clock was striking eleven. Notes: Layout of the Skywalker House - https://www.tumblr.com/dashboard/blog/soldierofhalla17/155301692529 Chapter 5 : Christmas Morning Summary: Guess who's coming for Christmas.... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey wasn't certain what woke her up. She didn't remember falling asleep, just that the couch and Ben's shoulder had been incredibly comfortable, and given how many times she'd seen A Christmas Story , she hadn't felt bad about closing her eyes. She shifted on the couch, a weight over her and then she felt movement next to her. There was a brush of lips against her forehead, and felt Ben shift next to her, a joint popping. “That sounded painful.” “It's fine.” He answered, softly. “You want to stay here or go off to bed?” She smiled and rubbed her cheek against his arm. “I like here. I've missed this.” “Me too.” He shifted again, and then Rey heard a soft thump somewhere to their left, and she tensed under the cover, and then heard Arya give off a small chirp. Then there was a rustling nose. “Get out of there, Little Miss!” His voice came out in an admonishing hiss. “You can play with those when they're open. You have to wait!” She opened her eyes and looked over towards the noise, where Arya was batting at a large bow on one of the packages under the tree. “Those weren't there last I checked.” Ben chuckled. “Santa's been here, that's all.” As they watched, the cat gave up the bow and swished out of the room, heading for the bedrooms down the hall. More than likely, she was going to check on the house, much like she did in the apartment. “What time is it?” As if on cue, the clock in the hallway tolled the hour; the four rings sounding louder than they were. She ran her hand along Ben's thigh, squeezing his knee. “Comfortable?” “Mostly.” He nudged her, and she took the hint, sitting up as he straightened up from where he'd been all but wedged into the corner of the couch, several more of his joints popping as he did so, and she saw him grimace in the semi-darkness. Then he pulled his feet up off the floor, and she caught on to what he was doing, sitting forward so he could slide his legs behind her, laying down and as soon as he was mostly horizontal. His head was still on a throw pillow, while she rested hers against the smooth leather of the couch itself. “This is better.” His arm came around her, over the quilt they have been covered with, hugging her against him. “It is.” She let out a worn sigh as she heard movement somewhere behind them and quickly shut her eyes, hearing a rustling noise back in the direction of the tree, and a soft thunk, then there was a chirping sound as Arya came back into the room. “Oh, you're awake are you?” It was Mara. “You stay out of these, you hear?” Arya responded with a chirp that could have passed for a cross between indigence and innocence. Rey had to bite her lip to hold back her laughter and she heard Ben give off snort disgusted as an unconvincing snore. “I know you two are awake. Just don't do anything you wouldn't want small children to see you doing.” She chuckled and then there was another couple of rustling noises, and then the basement door opened and there was a soft groan of stairs. “You behave yourself.” Ben mumbled against her ear, his breath hot against it. “Hear?” “Since when did I become the instigator in this relationship? You're the one who walked naked into my art class.” She hissed, glad that in their current position, he couldn't tickle her. He chuckled and kissed the top of her head. “Says the girl who invited herself into the bathtub I was using. Besides, I did not walk naked into the classroom. I was wearing a robe.” “Point.” She shifted, rolling over so they were front to front, and rested her head against Ben's chest, listening to the even thump of his heart. “Still sleepy.” “Ditto.” The arm around her tightened and she let herself drift off, barely registering when Arya wormed her way under the quilt. * Leia checked her watch, asking herself for about the tenth time in as many hours what the hell she was doing. She'd sat in the kitchen, drinking coffee for about twenty minutes after her husband left, trying not to think; and then she realized that sitting alone and being miserable was one option, or she could actually do something about it. She'd thrown a bag together, made a reservation, set the alarm and drove off to the airport. Showing up unexpectedly at Luke's might not be the best idea she'd ever had, but if she stayed at the house, she was just going to stay angry and upset. Not to mention, how many times had she been told that actions speak louder than words? The only available seat on a flight to Chicago was the red-eye, and now she was waiting for her flight to Sioux Falls to begin boarding, which should be in the next hour. A rental car was waiting for her in South Dakota, and she took a breath before hitting the number for her brother's house, knowing that even at just after six, someone would be up in the house. One ring. Two rings. “Merry Christmas, Skywalker Residence, may I help you?” It was Ben. “Merry Christmas, Ben.” She answered, swallowing. “It's your mom.” “I know your voice.” He didn't sound angry; more like surprised. “Uh, you do know that's it's six in the morning here, right?” “Yes...” she took a breath, wondering what the hell was wrong with her. She'd stood up to her fair share of scumbag lawyers and their worthless clients, but this... this was harder than that. “I'm in Chicago, I'm on my way to De Smet.” She leaned against the window for support. “I have driving directions to the house, so don't worry about that.” “You're coming.... for Christmas.” He sounded like he didn't believe her. She didn't blame him. “Um... okay.” there was a rustling noise and she heard him speak, although it wasn't against the receiver. “Uncle Luke? My mom's on the phone.” “Is she okay?” He sounded worried. “She's in Chicago.” Ben let out a snorting laugh. “Let's not tell grandma or anyone so they can be surprised.” “Surprised of what?” Luke now had the phone. “Leia, what's wrong?” “Nothing. Nothing's wrong.” She swallowed. “I'm... I'm on my way there. I'm in Chicago now.” She swallowed. “Don't be angry with me. I just...” “I'm not angry, sis. Just surprised.” He let out a breath. “you have directions on how to get here? It's quite a drive.” “I'll be fine, besides, I'm rather good at driving in snow, and I did a Map-Quest before I left Buffalo.” She smiled, looking out into the still dark morning.“I just... I was just...” How exactly did one say this? “Words only do so much. If I want to improve things, I should be proactive.” “What time should we expect you?” There was a rustling noise. “It's a two hour drive from the airport, or do your directions tell you that?” “Told me.” She let out a half laugh. “I should be there, no delays, a little after one.” she pulled back from the glass, shouldering her bag and walking in front of the seats. “I haven't ruined plans, have I?” As far as impulsive ideas went, this was definitely in her top ten. “Not at all, Leia. We're not eating dinner until three, so you have plenty of time. Stay safe.” There was a pause. “And I'm with Ben, we're not telling the kids or mom you're coming, just so they can be surprised.” He chuckled; the one that, every time she heard it, she could see their father perfectly; and hear his voice in that laugh. “This is going to be brilliant.” He hung up the phone and she was left staring at hers. As Leia turned off her phone and dropped it into her bag, she was suddenly struck with the realization that this would be her first trip to the family farm in fourteen years; and there were five people waiting there – Elijah, Daisy, Liam, Elisa – and Rey – whom she had never met. “This is going to be fun.” She shook her head to clear it and then slid her phone into her pocket. “I need coffee.” * Ben was rather impressed with how he kept his composure with the knowledge that his mother was on her way to De Smet. He also, surprisingly, wasn't angry. He was certain that he should feel angry about this; but he didn't – perhaps he was too shocked to be angry. He spat out the last of his toothpaste and rinsed the brush just as a knock started on the bathroom door. “Is that you, Elijah?” “Yeah.” His cousin replied. “You almost finished in there?” He reached over and opened the door, letting Elijah into the room. “And people thought great-uncle Owen was strange for putting three bathrooms into this house.” “Well, it's not like he and Great Aunt Beru needed closet space.” The younger boy answered, shutting the door and ducking around him. “How many bathrooms are in that big house in Buffalo? Six?” Ben laughed as he put his toothbrush back into its case. “Three and a half.” He paused, thinking. “Yeah. Three and a half. Four bedrooms and if it shows up on an episode of House Hunters, the whole of my building is going to hear me laughing.” He put his items into his toiletry bag, and zipped it shut just as Elijah turned on the shower. “I only watch that show on occasion.” “Sure you do.” his cousin retorted as Ben opened the door and slipped into the hallway, shutting the door firmly behind him. “Crazy.” He went back into the boys' room, dropping his bag on his suitcase and picking up a pair of socks. When he went into the living room, he found Rey trying in vain to braid her hair. “Something wrong?” He sat down on the couch and took the brush from her. “Is it church, Rey, or is it something else?” “I've never been.” She answered. “Well, not to a Catholic service. The Damerons took me to services on the occasional Sunday.” she sighed as he started brushing out tangles in her hair. “They're some sort of Christian, they aren't Baptists, it just lasted for three hours.” “This should only be around an hour, if that.” He parted her hair into sections. “And don't worry, it's not all in Latin. What kind of braid do you want today? French? Dutch?” “It's insane to me that you know all these braids.” Rey chuckled. “Reverse French?” “That works.” He adjusted the parts just as Elisa came into the room. “You want me to braid yours too?” Her eyes widened in response. “How is it you can braid hair but Anna can't?” “Go get your brush and some elastics.” Rey patted the spot on the couch in front of her. “I'll braid your hair while Ben braids mine.” “Be right back!” His cousin stated before ducking back into the hallway. “I'd like to take this moment to state that I'm glad that Daisy keeps her hair cut short.” Ben chuckled. “Or she might want a braid too.” “Nothing wrong with that.” Rey answered as Elisa came back into the room and took her seat in front of her. “I may not know what's going on with the mass, but I'm fairly certain I'll know the songs.” “Well, isn't this some shade of adorable?” Grandma stood in the hall, looking the three of them over. “Benjamin, where did you learn to braid hair?” “YouTube.” He answered, perfectly honest. “I believe it's a highly underrated skill for a man to have.” She chuckled, walking past them and into the kitchen. “Who called here around six? Wasn't your mother, was it?” Ben shook his head. “Scam artist, actually. If it hadn't been so early, I'd have told them off in Dutch or let Uncle Luke do it in Spanish.” He chuckled. “Person trying to tell us there was something wrong with our Fiber Network. There isn't even Google Fiber available in the whole of South Dakota. Or North, for that matter. Nearest place is Kansas City, and that's a good seven hours from here.” “They have that in Austin.” Rey offered. “There were some kids in my class who decided to go there for college just based on that.” “For Google Fiber?” Elisa made an odd noise. “That's like going to the University of Hawaii for the weather.” “I'll take blizzards and ice over possible tsunamis, volcanic eruptions and tropical cyclones, thank you.” Rey stated. “Even if I did forget a coat.” Ben snickered. “For all their teasing about Chicago, Poe and Finn are also at fault. Did they never once tell you to make sure you had a coat before you left Texas?” “Poe gave me a hoodie and that was about it.” She sighed and he could see her working the brush through Elisa's hair. “Why don't you put this in two braids before you go to sleep? It'll keep it from getting tangled.” Grandma came back into the room holding her coffee mug and sat down in the rocker next to the fireplace. “Are you all right Ben? You look rather tense.” “I always look like this.” He offered, working on parting a section of Rey's hair. “And before you ask, the last time I went to mass was the Sunday before Advent started, and before that was All Saints Day.” “Cheeky.” She took a sip from her mug. “I know you can't make it every weekend, therefore, I will appreciate the effort.” “Thank you.” He shrugged absently, keeping his focus on Rey's hair and letting the idea of his mother being here soon settle in. If this was her making an effort, well, it'd be cruel of him to turn it away. Besides, it was Christmas and he wasn't about to ruin anyone else's holiday with the drama that was the Organa-Solo family. A small, mean, part of him kept going back to the fact that wherever he was, his father was spending this holiday alone. Well, maybe not so mean; but it'd been his lot for the past five years, so maybe, just maybe it was okay to feel some satisfaction in that. * The plane was nowhere near full, or even half full, and to Leia, it looked as if twelve of the plane's twenty passengers were all military. She took a sip of orange juice, glancing at the man sitting on the other side of the isle, who kept looking at his watch, then forward, then out the window. It made her check her own watch; it was almost ten-thirty. She pinched the bridge of her nose, trying to think how this was going to play out. She was not going to argue with anyone. She would be polite, calm and collected even if it drove her mad. This had been her choice, to just up and leave Buffalo, rather than sit in the house and brood. Really, she'd been stretching out the packing, and it was starting to get monotonous. It'd surprised her at how many things she could just toss into the donation stack with ease; or just gathering up that jewelery and handing it over to Han, stating that it belonged to Diana. A slight jolt of turbulence shook her from her thoughts and caused her heart to leap into her throat for a moment, and then the air calmed. It wasn't Ben that actually worried her; it was his roommate and her sister-in-law that had her feeling nervous. She drained the last of her orange juice just as the 'fasten seat belt' sign dinged and the captain's voice came over the loudspeaker. “Ladies and Gentlemen, we're beginning our approach into Sioux Falls. Weather is bright and clear, with the temperature down at twenty degrees, with a slight wind. At this time, we ask you to discontinue use of any electronic equipment and stow any items you may have taken out during the flight, and we should have you on the ground in about fifteen minutes.” The flight attendant came by with a trash bag, and she handed the man her empty cup, before checking her seat belt and sitting back in her seat. Leia could see farmland out the window, at least, she assumed it was farmland under all that snow. She hugged herself, feeling a little more relaxed. She had no idea what there would be for dinner; the last time she'd spend Christmas at her brother's house, they'd had a large brunch spread; she could remember Anna and Ben singing some Disney song and the pair of them passing out in sugar shock after eating half of the doughnuts. She closed her eyes. “It's going to be fine, it's going to be fun .” She shook her head, chuckling. The fact that her son and brother weren't telling anyone what was going on, well... this was going to be interesting to say the least. Then another thought came to her and she opened her eyes, not certain if she should be horrified or not. “I'm going to have to share a room with my mother. ” * Christmas Morning in the Skywalker family, following church, was something Rey was not prepared for. All she had seen of such events had been in movies and on television; she wasn't even sure what she was expecting. She'd seen characters just tear into a pile of packages and the floor vanished under wrapping paper. Once everyone was settled into the house and a fresh pot of coffee had been made, and the gas fireplace turned on; it began. Or rather, it began with the exchange gifts, which, once they were distributed among the kids, were opened in age order, youngest to oldest, and when the next round started, it would go oldest to youngest. She'd worried over what to get Daisy, not knowing too much about the girl and all Ben had told her was that his middle cousin liked to cook and read. So Rey had picked out a book that she had always loved, Ballet Shoes and Pop!Funko of Hermione Granger. “Thank you, Liam!” Elisa grinned, running up to her brother and hugging him. Rey hadn't seen what she'd gotten. “You're welcome.” Liam offered, returning the hug. Ben stood up from where he was sitting next to her and went over to the tree, coming back to the group. “Merry Christmas.” He said as he handed a package to Liam. “It might be a little too big, because I had to ask someone else in the store for a size reference, and he was a little taller than you.” “As long as he's shorter than you, I think it'll be okay.” His cousin offered as Ben sat back down and he started undoing the wrapping. “I think almost everyone's shorter than Ben.” Anna answered, grinning. Rey chuckled, but saw a flicker in his eyes; the look she was used to seeing when he was resolutely trying to pretend that something wasn't bothering him. Since everyone was focused on Liam, she reached over and squeezed his knee, and he smiled at her. “Oh, wow!” Liam stood up, holding out the Chicago Blackhawks jersey that Ben had gotten him. “This is awesome!” He looked over at Ben. “Thanks!” He tugged it on over his clothes, the hem about two inches from his knees, and the sleeves came down over his hands. “Okay, so it's not too big.” Ben laughed, “and you're welcome.” He rounded on Anna. “And I'll have you know that Gwen is taller than me.” “Especially in heels.” Rey quipped as she stood and went and pulled her gift to Daisy from under the tree. She grinned. “I didn't think it was possible for anyone to make him look short.” She took the girl's gift over to her. “Merry Christmas, Daisy.” “Thank you, Rey.” the girl answered as she took it. She gave the box an experimental shake as Rey sat down. “Well, it's too light to be a cast iron dutch oven.” Mara snickered. “What would do with one of those if you had one?” “Make a better soup.” the girl retorted, pulling off the bow. “Or something.” She pulled off the paper and opened the box, her eyes brightening at the sight of the contents. “Oh cool!” She held up the Pop Figure. “How'd did you find out who my favorite character in Harry Potter was?” “I remember these things, Dais!” Ben interjected, indignantly just as Arya pounced on the wrapping from Liam's gift. “I've not read this either.” She looked at the book. “Thank you, Rey.” “Oh, you're welcome.” She grinned as Anna got up to retrieve a gift and Mara stood and went into the kitchen. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Ben glance at his watch, but she shrugged it off. There was a soft groan as the oven door opened and then a soft bang as it was shut. She wasn't entirely sure of what the menu for dinner was, but she had a feeling it involved at least two kinds of casserole. Her phone buzzed her in back pocket and she pulled it out, glancing at the text message from Finn. Merry Christmas Peanut! Skype @ 8? She quickly replied as Elijah exclaimed over his present. Merry Christmas – will let you know. Opening gifts here. She tucked the phone back into her pocket as Daisy stood to get her sister's gift. Arya came over and jumped into the space between her and Ben, nudging her head against Ben's arm. He reached down and rubbed the cat's head, not paying attention to anything but the animal. Rey knew she wasn't imagining things; he was focusing on keeping himself calm and collected. She would love to pull him outside and ask what the hell was the matter, but she knew that drawing attention to himself would be the very last thing he wanted. “Merry Christmas, Rey.” Elijah stood in front of her, looking sheepish as he held out a long, flat, package. “Thank you, Elijah.” She took the box, it was slightly heavy and she undid the wrapping, noticing that the boy looked rather embarrassed. “What's wrong?” “They all told me it was a dumb gift.” He gestured towards his sisters. She pushed the paper onto the floor and pulled off the lid to reveal a heavy-duty multi-media sketchbook, and a sixty-four count box of Crayola crayons. “This is awesome.” She grinned at him. “Can never have too many sketchbooks, and I needed a new box of crayons.” She stood up and gave him a hug. “Thank you!” Now Elijah was full-on blushing. “You're welcome.” He mumbled and went back to his seat as Elisa jumped up and ran to the tree, returning with an odd shaped box and came over to her cousin. “Merry Christmas, BB.” There was something rather unnerving about her grin. “Thank you, Elisa.” He pulled the bow off, and promptly stuck it on Rey's head. “Since we have no Santa hats.” he grinned and she wrinkled her nose at him while he worked on the ribbon and pulled off the paper. Rey rubbed on Arya's head as he lifted the lid, just enough to peek inside and then he shot Elisa a look. “Where did you find this?” She wouldn't make eye-contact with her cousin as she looked down at the floor, clearly worried. “I found it in a trunk in the basement and Dad said yes when I asked if I could give it to you.” He pushed back the lid and pulled back the tissue to reveal a wooden case, about as long and wide as a laptop and Ben gently lifted it from the box, running his fingers along the wood, and he looked about ready to cry. “Thank you, Elisa.” He sucked at his bottom lip and he lifted the lid, and started to laugh as he removed a box of band-aides. As he shut the box again, Rey caught sight of a pair of initials burned into the wood: A.J.S. * Leia sat in the car for a full minute after turning it off, trying to calm her breathing. She had made excellent time, and was rather proud of herself for not getting lost on the confusing roads of rural South Dakota. She also couldn't believe how well the roads were plowed and salted. She took off her sunglasses, leaving them in the console before pulling the keys from the ignition and dropping them into her purse, gathering just that one item up before stepping out into the cold afternoon. The farm still smelled the same to her; hay and livestock, although it wasn't as pungent as it would be in the summer. Even though the garage door was open, she went to the front, almost laughing at the doormat that read “THE NEIGHBORS HAVE BETTER STUFF” and took another calming breath as she rang the doorbell. Through the door, she could hear laughter and she managed to smile just as she heard the locks being thrown back. She was expecting the door to be opened by one of the kids, or her brother. Instead, her mother stood there, her expression nothing short of shocked. “Merry Christmas Mom.” Her voice cracked as she spoke. Padme's expression changed in a heartbeat and she pulled the door open wider, pulling her into a tight hug. “Merry Christmas, baby girl.” She sounded ready to cry, she pulled away, setting a hand on her cheek. “Who knew about this?” “Luke and Ben.” She answered, “as for not telling anyone, that was Ben's idea.” “Hm.” She stepped back so Leia could come into the house. It smelled of something rich cooking and strong coffee. They walked past the dining room and into the living room, where clearly no one had noticed that they had one more person in the house. “Look who's turned up just in time for Christmas afternoon?” Padme's voice carried and every one in the room stopped and looked at the two of them. Leia could see that Ben and her brother were the only ones who didn't look shocked. The thin girl sitting next to her son, whom she knew had to be Rey, mouth actually dropped . Her sister-in-law looked just about as stunned, which was to say nothing of Anna's expression, which was almost a mirror image of Rey's. The sound of the clock in the hall ticking was suddenly very loud. Ben rose to his feet and came over to her, and to Leia's total surprise, pulled her into a hug. “Merry Christmas, Mom.” “Merry Christmas, BB.” She replied, returning the embrace. Notes: I struggled with this. I can't make everything all right again in a single chapter, and it's not all right. There's still a long way to go for Ben and Leia - but, since as Leia stated, 'actions speak louder than words' and she could say she was going to change all she wanted, but this her making an effort. Ben appreciates that. Chapter 6 : Christmas at Dusk Summary: Welcome to the insanity that is eleven people in a ranch house on Christmas afternoon. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) If you had asked Rey about the possibility of Ben's mother showing up at the Skywalker Farm on Christmas, she would have put it down at less than a sixteenth of a percent, and that was being generous. There had been an old photograph of the woman hanging in the hallway of the house, so at lest she knew what she looked like – or rather, how she had looked when Ben was eleven. Right now, she had a slightly exhausted look about her; the kind that travel causes, and she was also clearly overwhelmed. Of course she was, this was the first time she'd met two of her nieces and nephews. She was sort of relieved for everyone that despite the number of them, the Skywalkers were a relatively quiet family. Ben was wisely staying in the kitchen; and she came along – she didn't trust herself not to go off in another fit of righteous anger, like she had a few weeks ago on the phone. “You okay?” His voice was soft, just as a burst of laughter came from the other room. “I feel like I should be asking you that.” She muttered, taking out the filter on the coffeepot and dumping the used grounds, before refilling it and then placing it back in the machine. “I can't believe she...” She poured the remainder of the coffee into Ben's mug before making the next batch. “No wonder you were tense all morning.” He gave her a smile. “It's fine, Rey. Really.” He opened the fridge and took out a package of mini-bell peppers. “This is her making an effort, and just her being here is a huge step. The same sort of steps I take by going to Doctor Andres.” He dropped the bag on the counter, then added another of baby carrots, a container of cherry tomatoes, and a large baggie of celery. “She might not know what she set herself up for, coming here.” Ben opened a cupboard and took out a large platter. “Those five kids in there have been too well behaved for too long.” “Benjamin Bail, are you talking about my sweet, precious children?” Mara came into the kitchen and took a potholder off the counter before she opened the oven. “You know they'd never do anything wrong.” “Yeah, that's what you told the historical society, the new principal at the high school, and that truck driver at the Dakota State Fair who entered that pie eating contest against Elijah.” Ben scoffed. “Honestly.” “I haven't heard about the pie eating contest.” Rey chuckled, folding her arms and watching as Mara checked something in a glass dish. “When is it? I think I might want to enter.” “Early September.” She pushed the rack back in the oven. “You could enter artwork, if you like. I have the list of all the events and contests in the office.” She stood up, and tossed the holder onto the counter. “How's that veggie tray coming along?” “On it.” Ben turned back to his work and Rey noticed his hand shook slightly as he opened the container of tomatoes. “We should put another leaf in the table.” Mara said, more to the stove than to either of them. She had gotten out a saucepan and poured something into it. “I'll get Liam and Elijah...” “I can do it.” Rey put in. “Where are they?” “Basement.” Mara turned slightly. “They're leaning against the wall, right past the stairs. I'm going to find a better place for them once the holidays are over.” “No problem.” She turned and walked into the other room, going down the stairs, realizing that while she'd been here nearly a week, she'd not been in the basement once. When she reached the bottom of the steps, she flipped the light-switch, revealing that the Skywalker's basement was mostly unfinished. On the far side of the room were a couple of sagging couches, sitting atop rugs that were threadbare. Against the wall across from her, was an odd looking display and she walked closer to it. The metal panel ran from ceiling down to a desk, and it was covered with dials and switches. There was another room off to the side, which might have been the house's fifth bedroom, but it was full of what looked like chests full of fabric and quilting frame stood in the center, although she couldn't tell much about the design of it. “Must be for Anna.” She looked over at the dial panel again, noticing a painted chalkboard square on the wall next to it. In big, bright blue block letters over whatever had been on there to begin with were the words – CUBS WIN!!! she grinned as she took up one of the leaves, using her elbow to turn out the lights. “Just take this into the dining room?” She asked as she came back to the kitchen. “Yes, please.” Mara answered, not looking at her, her focus was on whatever was in the saucepan. Shrugging, she carried the leaf into the dining room where Anna had already removed the tablecloth and cover, and pulled away a few of the chairs. “I could have done that.” “It's no problem.” She gave her a look, and her voice lowered. “Don't act like you're not also shocked as all get out that my Aunt Leia's here.” She frowned as the two of them worked the table open. “We're all surprised, I think.” The girl smirked. “Yeah.” She shot a look towards the kitchen. “If Ben has a nervous breakdown, I'm afraid you're going to have to take a number.” Rey returned the look. “I'll fight you for third place.” She hefted the leaf up and Anna grabbed her side, and they lowered it into place. “We're going to have to grab chairs from the kitchen.” “I think that's a given.” She pursed her lips. “I have no idea how to set this table for eleven. Do you?” She shook her head. “I've not set the table, just cleared it.” They pushed the ends back towards each other, locking the leaf in place. “I don't believe this. This table looks twice as big as it did five minutes ago.” “Crazy.” Anna unfolded the cover and cloth and Rey grabbed the other end so she could help straighten it. “I say we put the adults on one side, me and my siblings on the other and you and Ben at the head and foot. We just need to make sure Aunt Leia is on your end.” She grinned. “And it'll keep you and Ben from making silly faces at each other when you think no one is watching.” Rey felt her face flush. “I didn't think it was obvious.” “It's not – well, not in the way you think. By acting like there's nothing, the two of you are letting those of us who are watching know that there is something.” She swept out of the room and went back to join the others in the living room. “Great.” She mumbled as she returned to the kitchen, where Ben was finishing up the vegetable tray and Mara was setting the lid on the saucepan. “How do you want the table set?” “How Anna suggested.” She replied. “Make the middle seat on the hallway side the empty one.” She picked up the stack of bright red dinner plates. “Got it.” * Leia wondered how her brother could keep pace with his five children when the two of them were the same age and she and Ben might as well be on different planets. She figured it had to do with the fact that Luke essentially worked from home, as did Mara – and the kids all helped. It was a strange concept to her; but not one that she could fault anyone for taking. It was something she was insanely envious of, but at the same time, if anyone deserved an amazing family like this, it was her brother. The other thing she was aware of was that since this was her first visit to the farm in over a decade and her first meeting of four of the kids, she was 'new' and hadn't heard all their stories a hundred times. “You want some more coffee, Aunt Leia?” Daisy's voice broke her from her thoughts and she lowered her mug. “No thank you, I want to sleep tonight.” She chuckled. “I forgot how strong your father makes it.” she caught Anna rolling her eyes but chose not to comment. “I didn't sleep much on the plane.” “There are two types of people in this world – those that can't sleep on planes, and liars.” Elijah interjected. “The seats are too small.” “Yeah, and when's the last time you were on a plane?” Liam shot at him. “Only one you've been on was at the state fair two years ago when they had that old DC-9 on display.” “It's no so much the size of the seats, it's that you can't get your legs in a good position.” Leia offered. “It's one of the reasons I don't want to go to Australia, that and being on a plane for eighteen straight hours...plus the time it takes you to fly to the West Coast...” she shook her head. “No, thank you.” “Honey, you haven't even been to Hawaii.” Her mother stood, taking their empty coffee mugs. “I'm going to go check and see how dinner's coming along. Anna, would you join me please?” “But...” The girl looked from her grandmother to her aunt, losing face when she saw they both had identical looks of 'we know what you're up to' on them and quickly obeyed, just as Ben came back out of the kitchen, carrying a can of ginger ale. “Smile Anna Kinley, it's Christmas.” He said to his retreating cousin's form and he shrugged, taking a seat in front of the window. “Is she okay?” “I think she's still in shock, Ben.” Mother stated, shaking her head. “Not that I blame her.” “Mom, don't start.” Luke interjected, then looked over at the couch, where Liam, Daisy, and Elisa were sitting, doing a terrible job of trying to not look at their father. “Unless there's been some sort of wager made and she's lost money to one or more of you.” All three of the children looked even more guilty. “How do you do that?” She rounded on her brother. “does this sort of thing happen often?” “I was raised by lawyers too, sis. And yes...” He looked over at Ben. “Do you know what's going on?” “No, but I don't think the guilty party is in the room.” He smirked. “Because it's usually Liam, not Elijah, who avoids crowds.” “Hm.” Luke frowned. “Possibly. I'll get this sorted out before the end of the day.” Elisa held up her hands. “I don't know anything. I didn't hear anything, you can't prove I know what's going on!” Daisy grabbed a throw pillow and slapped it against her sister's face. “Quiet!” “Ow!” The younger girl groaned and Liam promptly vacated the couch and came over to sit by his aunt. “Is it always like this?” Leia muttered to her nephew, who looked tense. “They've been on their best behavior for too long. They were going to snap before the day was out anyway.” He ducked his head as Elisa sprang from the couch and went to hide behind Ben. “That's not going to work...” “Elisa Bigmouth!” Daisy jumped after her sister, her face pink. “Braceface!” The smaller girl shot back, using her cousin for a shield. “Hey!” Luke stood up. “Enough. Elisa, go find your brother, it's almost time to eat. Daisy, go help in the kitchen.” Both girls glared at each other as they went their separate ways, and he shook his head. “Mara, I'd like to present argument number forty-eight as to why we can't have a sixth kid in this house.” He headed for the kitchen. “Rey's got a friend in Texas who could use a home for the summer.” Ben interjected. “Rey, Finn doesn't eat that much, does he?” “What about Finn?” Rey came into the room, looking around, somewhat confused. “I'm going to try and convince my uncle to adopt Finn.” He grinned and stood up, going over to her. “From what you told me about him, he'd fit right in and he'd only be here part of the year. Besides, we've encountered enough coincidences in the past two months that I would not be surprised in the least if he and Liam are related already.” “Finn's over eighteen, I think it's a moot point.” She replied, shaking her head. “Not really.” Leia cleared her throat. “Granted, it's highly rare, but it has happened. Most often in cases in which adult children wish to make their stepfathers their legal parent.” Mom coughed. “Well, it's hardly fair to Finn if we're here talking about his possible future without him knowing about it.” She stood up and went over to Rey, giving the girl a side hug. “I believe he should be asked first, before anything.” She went into the dining room. Ben whispered something to Rey and the girl went slightly pink before the two of them turned and followed his grandmother. Leia looked at her nephew. “Are holidays always this exciting?” Liam blinked. “This is only my third Christmas here, so I can't be honest with that answer yet.” He stood up and held out his hand, helping her to her feet. “Thank you.” She sighed. “I though it was a little too quiet around here for a house with eleven people in it.” She followed him into the dining room. * Ben leaned back against the closet door of the boy's bedroom, taking several deep breaths. He just needed a little time to be alone, recharge and calm himself. It'd been the same every day since he got here; he just needed a handful of minutes to himself, and this was pretty much the only place where he could do it, without resorting to locking himself in a bathroom. Predictably, Arya had followed him and had set herself down in his lap as soon as he was sitting. He rubbed the cat affectionately behind the ears. “What, you've had enough excitement too?” She chirped in response, pressing her head against his palm. “That bad, huh?” He chuckled. “Yeah, we're not used to people, are we?” He grimaced as his phone started vibrating in his back pocket. “Now what?” He pulled it out, taking care not to upset the cat and shook his head at the caller-id. “Of course.” He cleared his throat before answering. “Merry Christmas, Gwen.” “Merry Christmas to you as well.” His friend sounded a little too chipper. “How are you?” “Pretty good. Into the spiked eggnog?” Arya sat up in his lap, pressing her front paws against his collarbone. “Arya says hello, and that you better not be driving anywhere.” “Oh, I won't. Leslie's youngest brother has already confiscated our keys and hid them somewhere.” She coughed. “How are you, really?” “Worn out. A lot of days of being social in a row are draining.” He sighed. “And, my mom's here.” Gwen made a hacking, coughing noise. “I'm sorry, did I just hear that your mother showed up?” “Yeah, yeah she did.” He went back to rubbing Arya's back. “I think my cousins are keeping her occupied. She arrived this afternoon. I think I was in too much shock to actually be angry.” “Well, that's that then.” There was another noise he couldn't quite make out, “no, no more for me, thank you. Just coffee. I'm sorry, where were we?” “You were in disbelief over my mother's appearance. Don't worry, you're not alone.” He grinned. “The look on Aunt Mara's face was priceless , but Anna's was even better.” He let out a long sigh, not so much annoyed at Gwen for calling, but that he answered. He should have left his phone with Rey. “How was your Christmas?” “Typical. I'm starting to think that my parents need to have a talk with Leslie's. They still can't quite comprehend the fact that the two of us don't want children.” She let out a soft groan. “It's not that we dislike children, it's the fact that we don't have the time. I feel bad enough when I can't spend time with Alder, and he's a dog!” He thought for a moment. “Well, Leslie is one of what, six kids? And how many nieces and nephews do you two have again?” “Over a dozen.” She coughed, “We should start saying Alder is our kid – Arya's practically yours.” He chuckled as the cat in question butted her head against his chin. “I think she heard you.” He paused. “Are you hiding from the family then?” “I just needed some peace for a dozen minutes. Thought I'd take the time to see how your holiday was going.” There was clunk and then he heard her take a deep breath. “Ben, do you remember when I mentioned I thought you were being followed?” He snickered. “Yes, and I told you that you were paranoid.” “Well, maybe I am, but I saw the man whom I'd seen around the same area as you across the street from my parents house a few days ago.” He could hear her take a sip of coffee. “Or maybe it's just coincidence. You don't know anyone by the name of Anslan, do you?” Ben wasn't sure if he dropped his phone or not. For some reason, he couldn't hear Gwen's voice anymore. His ears had a buzzing noise in them, and the room around him went gray. He could feel Arya in his lap, her normally placid chirps now sounding shrill. Anslan. My name is Diana Anslan-Solo, what's yours? The man in the blue car. Where had he seen it? How many times had he seen it? His stomach turned over, seeing that gray coat again and again in his mind. On campus, at work, in the cat food isle at Jewel – outside Dr. Andres's office. Anslan. He fell forward onto his knees, catching himself with his hands, upsetting Arya, who let out a yowl, but then she was back. The noise she was making, fuck, she sounded the way he felt. Panic. There was a loud bang from somewhere, and then felt someone pull his hair back from his face and shove a trash can underneath him; and not a moment too soon as his stomach emptied itself. He gagged, coughing as he took a hold of the can and a hand started rubbing his back; Rey's. “Just breathe, Ben.” Her voice sounded like it was coming from the end of a tunnel. “It's all right.” He winced as more of his dinner came up. Fucking lovely. It'd been such a good meal too; getting sick and looking like such weak idiot. All over a stupid name. He sniffled and gagged on bile before he spat into the trashcan. “I'm sorry.” “Don't you dare apologize!” Rey smoothed down his hair. “It's not your fault.” She pulled him into a sit. “Finished?” She indicated the can. “I think so.” He grimaced and looked up towards the door to see his mother standing there, holding Rey's phone. She looked ready to murder someone. “Oh I can think of a few reasons why he would.” She said into the phone in an icy tone. “But it's inexcusable.” She stepped to the side as Elijah came into the room, carrying a bottle of water. “I want you to send me the picture you took.” “Here.” His cousin handed him the bottle, then looked down into the trashcan. “Dude.” “I know. I'll clean it up.” Ben replied, taking a sip. “Thank you.” “It's fine.” He left the room, looking worried. “It's bullshit, whatever it is.” Mom's voice calmed a fraction. “Don't start, Gwendoline, you did the right thing.” She lowered the phone slightly. “You doing better, Ben?” He nodded, taking another sip of water. “I'm done.” He had no sooner settled into a sit than Arya was in his lap, nudging him with her head. “I'm okay.” He muttered, rubbing the animal behind the ears. “We'll get to the bottom of this.” She made that disgusted sigh that Ben was all to familiar with; the one she had made at him numerous times, but he could tell that this time, it wasn't. “No, you can't throw my soon-to-be ex-husband down the garbage chute.” Her whole expression changed. “Why not? Because my brother has already offered the use of his shotgun and his neighbor's backhoe!” “I'm sorry.” Ben didn't look at Rey as he took another sip of water. “me and my stupid drama.” “Don't start!” Rey said at the same time his mother did. He spluttered. “Okay, that was creepy.” He coughed and took another drink of water as Rey swept his hair back off of his forehead. “This is not how I wanted to spend the rest of my Christmas.” “All right, Gwen. Don't worry about it, you didn't know.” Mom let out a breath. “Merry Christmas to you too.” She hung up the phone and handed it to Rey. “You all right Ben?” “I think so.” He leaned back against the closet door again. “I think I lost my phone around here.” He ran a hand through his hair. “Stupid panic attacks.” Leia rubbed her temple. “Why did I stay married to that man for so long?” “Tax purposes.” Ben answered, automatically, then winced. He'd never actually said it out loud to his mother. “You're probably right.” She pulled out one of the desk chairs and sat down, pinching the bridge of her nose. “This is not how I thought this day would end.” Rey wrapped an arm around his shoulders, not looking at his mother. “Just remember to breathe, okay?” He nodded, taking another swallow of water. “And here I thought I was imagining seeing that guy in the gray coat.” “Or you might have thought you just kept seeing the same coat on different people.” Mom shook her head and folded her arms. “Do you know who he's talking about, Rey?” Rey frowned, and her eyes narrowed slightly. “I think I do. Because I remember seeing the man walk past the door of Jaipur's, then abruptly turn around and come in after looking in.” She looked over at him. “I'm sorry, but given how tall you and Gwen are, it's hard to miss you two.” He snorted. “It'd be nice to know how long he's been at this.” He took another drink of water. “I suppose I get all the maturity points for just merely looking up Diana's uncle on the Northwestern University website and then not contacting him, because I thought it'd be creepy.” “He's the creep.” Mom shook her head, her brown eyes glittering. “We also don't have enough information yet. Let's hope he didn't get a new coat for Christmas.” Ben let out a weak chuckle. “Are you making a joke?” “What?” She looked affronted. “I'm being perfectly serious.” Rey snickered. “I know that expression.” She looked from his mother to him. “You make the same one constantly.” Arya jumped out of his lap and padded over to his mom, sniffing at her once before reaching up with her front paws to rest on her knee, chirping loudly. Leia reached down and gave the cat a slow rub behind the ears. “You are such a good kitty.” She looked over at Ben. “Well, it's not as bad as the Christmas when you were fifteen and nearly everyone on the ship came down with food poisoning.” “What?” Rey gasped. “How?” “We didn't.” He grinned, taking another sip of water. “Because we didn't eat the bouillabaisse.” he frowned, “but I can't remember why we didn't.” “The other soup was borscht and we were in Russia. Why would you choose to spend a holiday in a foreign country and then not have a traditional holiday staple of that country?” She made a face. “It was amazing from what I remember.” “I've never had it.” Rey squeezed his shoulder. “You going to be okay?” He nodded. “I'm good.” There was a knock on the door and they all turned to see Elisa standing there. “Hey. You guys want to join us for hot chocolate and cookies? Dad says you can have yours spiked Rey, since he knows you're not going to be driving.” She coughed, “I don't drink. I've seen all to often what it does to people.” Slowly, a rather impish smile came across her face and Ben swallowed hard. He knew that expression. “What are you thinking of doing?” He gave her a wary look. Rey glanced at her watch then grinned. “Well, since I've pretty much met all of Ben's family, I think it's time you all meet mine.” She looked back over at Elisa. “Would you go grab my laptop out of your room? I left it on Daisy's desk. Meet us in the dining room.” “No problem!” She turned and went up the hallway. Ben took a drink of water. “Who's got the scariest voice when angry? Someone has to fuss at Poe and Finn for not making sure you had a coat.” “It was summer then!” she spluttered. “That's not an excuse!” His mother interjected. “The DMV asks you where the rear defrost is when you take your driving test, they don't care if it's ten below or a hundred and ten! And being in Texas isn't an excuse either.” She coughed, trying to regain her composure. “We should have your grandmother do it. Goodness knows, she can reduce even the most stone-hearted person into a quivering bowl of jelly.” He let out a breath. “Oh this is going to be fun.” He slowly stood, wincing at the popping joints. “I'm going to clean this up first.” He indicated the trashcan. “Was that a yes or a no on the hot chocolate?” Anna called from the doorway. “Lisy didn't have an answer.” “I think I'll just have some tea.” He grimaced. “Don't trust my stomach with much right now.” “Grandma's having tea too.” She looked around, “Aunt Leia, Rey?” “I'm always up for hot chocolate.” Rey squeezed his arm after she stood. “I think your cousin could also use some toast.” “Rey.” He shook his head. “I don't...” “Crackers. Something to settle that stomach of yours.” She shook his head and led him out of the room. “Come on, one foot in front of the other.” He didn't bother to argue with her. He was too worn out and rather ashamed that he'd gotten sick again. All over something so damn stupid. Thank god he was scheduled to see Doctor Andres in three days. Ben wasn't entirely sure how, but he was certain that the down he had been doing his best to avoid was going to slam into him in the same manner that car had back in June. And there was nothing he could do to prevent it. Notes: Leia Organa - mostly absent parent, until you threaten her baby. Then she's downright deadly. Kudos and comments are love. Come say hi! on Tumblr, @soldierofhalla17. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 19 of the Angels and Ministers of Grace series