No one in the office could remember just what had started the feud between Poe Dameron and Ben Solo, but everyone knew they hated each other. Finn said they were like Spy vs. Spy from MAD Magazine : always fighting, and while sometimes one would come out ahead and sometimes the other, it never really got them anywhere. Phasma, the office manager, was the one who finally did something about it. As was the tradition, everyone drew names for the annual holiday gift exchange on the Monday after Thanksgiving, and this year, Phasma stacked the deck. When she came by Poe’s desk with a copier toner box of names to draw from, every name on the little folded pieces of paper was Ben’s. Phasma stalked away before Poe had a chance to look at his choice—she didn’t have time to listen to his bitching—and smoothly swapped the box she carried for a different but identical one she’d stashed in the empty cubicle behind Poe’s. The slips in that box all had Poe’s name on them. Phasma didn’t get away from Ben’s desk fast enough; he was a consummate bitcher, and he shouted at her, “No way , I’m picking again !” before she could even turn her back on him. “Suck it up,” she said. “But I got—” “You aren’t allowed to tell,” announced Phasma. “It has to stay a secret until the holiday party.” Ben glowered at her, but he fell silent. Not only did Phasma outrank Ben, who made up the little company’s entire IT department, she also managed to be intimidating all on her own. She was taller than he was, especially in heels, and everyone agreed that she could probably take any of the other employees in a fight, easily. It might come to that, she thought as she strode off, if this doesn’t work. But those two are going to quit bickering even if I have to beat them both into submission. Phasma dumped the contents of both rigged boxes into the shredder, just in case anyone got suspicious, then took up the box with everyone else’s names—each appearing on just one piece of paper—to make her rounds of the other cubicles. She’d never been a fan of the holiday season, but at least this year, things would be interesting. -- Poe liked working shipping. Even though he did the same tasks day after day, there was something satisfying about collecting bills of lading, filling out invoices, and totaling up each day’s output. Maybe it was the way that the workday always ended with everything settled and filed and put away; when Poe got to the office every morning, he was able to start over fresh with blank forms and new shipments. Every once in a while, he thought about trying to start over fresh with Ben, too: make amends for their (many) past disagreements and start on the (very) rocky path to being civil coworkers, if not friends. But then Poe would actually get to work, and he’d take one look at the larger man’s pale, glowering face and think, Screw it. Getting along with a jerk like Ben just wasn’t worth the effort. And now I have to get him a Christmas present, Poe lamented as he stared at his computer screen a good thirty minutes after Phasma had withdrawn with her toner box. The slip of paper Poe had picked, with “Ben Solo” typed on it in twelve-point Times New Roman, lay in front of Poe’s keyboard. It wasn’t just that Poe had no clue what sort of gift Ben would want, or that he didn’t like Ben. Poe didn’t like Christmas . That always shocked people: cheerful, affable Poe Dameron didn’t like Christmas, or New Year’s, or the holidays, or whatever you wanted to call it if you were being politically correct. Poe didn’t seem like the type to be a Scrooge. Because I’m not , Poe reassured himself. I don’t mind spending money on other people—hell, I wouldn’t even mind spending money on Ben since it’s for the office party, and it wouldn’t be fair if he didn’t get a present, even if he is a jerk. But I don’t know what to get him! Of course, the problem was more than that—the problem was that Christmas hurt—but that wasn’t the sort of thing Poe was about to admit to anyone. Especially not Phasma in an attempt to get out of buying Ben something. And especially not to Ben himself. Finally, Poe decided that the only thing to do was to ask Rey what kind of gift Ben would want. Rey functioned as both inventory manager and safety officer. (In fact, she was far more effective at the latter job than OSHA was, considering that most of the plant employees feared being yelled at by Rey far more than they feared the company being fined.) More importantly, Rey was Poe’s friend, and his best friend’s girlfriend. And most importantly of all, she was Ben’s cousin. If anyone would know what present Poe should get Ben, it would be Rey. When Rey went back into the plant to do her weekly safety inspection that afternoon, Poe followed. He had an excuse ready—he really did need to pick up the day’s bills of lading. First, though, he had to talk to Rey. “What’s up?” she asked when he caught up to her in a quiet corner of the plant. “I need your help,” Poe muttered. “Is this work related?” Rey lifted an eyebrow. “I’m kind of busy.” “Yes, it’s work related,” retorted Poe. “It’s about the holiday party.” “That’s not exactly work related, but I guess it’s close enough. I won’t tell Phasma you’re slacking off, as long as you make it quick,” Rey teased him, but she frowned when he didn’t respond with a laugh, or even a smile. “Geez, Poe, what is it? I know you don’t like Christmas and all, but you look pretty pissed.” Poe sighed, “I’m not pissed off, just stumped. It’s the gift exchange, I drew—” “Hsst!” Rey shushed him. “If you drew me, that’s too bad. I’m not giving you any hints—and anyway, we’re not supposed to tell who we got.” Starting to get exasperated by the whole thing, Poe snapped, “I didn’t draw you , and I don’t care if we’re not supposed to tell because I drew your stupid cousin. What the hell am I supposed to get Ben for Christmas ? You’re the only one who can give me any idea of what he wants.” “Oh,” said Rey. “Uh, well, you still shouldn’t have told me, because I won’t be much help.” She shrugged. “Whenever I draw him for our family Christmas, I get him gift cards, ‘cos he’s awful to buy for. Anything he wants, he buys for himself.” “I can’t get him a gift card ,” groaned Poe. “That’s too—too easy !” “Too easy?” “Yeah, like. . . it’s a cop out,” Poe tried to explain. “I mean, not for you to give him since you’re related, but for me, because. . . because he’ll say I didn’t even try, and that he would have done better if he’d gotten my name.” He sighed and glowered down at the concrete floor as he mumbled, “A gift card isn’t good enough.” “Not good enough, hunh?” mused Rey. When Poe looked up again, he didn’t like the rather smug way she was smiling at him. “What?” he growled. “What’re you trying to impress Ben for?” Rey goaded him. Poe felt his cheeks grow warm at the way she said it, and he protested, “I’m not trying to impress him. I’m trying to—to outdo him. Whoever he drew, if he gets them a better present than I get him . . . he wins .” “Ugh, Poe, not everything is a competition,” said Rey. “No one wins at Christmas, and you don’t have to be the best at everything .” “Yeah I do, because I am the best,” said Poe, forcing a smile. It had the desired effect, for Rey relaxed at seeing him acting more like his usual playful self. “Okay, you being the best at everything notwithstanding, office holiday parties aren’t about seeing who gives the greatest present,” Rey tried to convince him. “They’re about celebrating the fact that we’ve made it through another year without killing each other. That, and free food. You can get Ben a gift card, and it’ll be fine. I mean, that’s what I’m doing for the person I drew.” “It wasn’t me, was it?” asked Poe. Not that he’d mind a gift card on principle, but knowing Rey, it would be to somewhere practical, like the Home Depot. If Poe had to celebrate Christmas, he wanted to do it somewhere more fun than the Home Depot. “For the millionth time, it’s a secret!” Rey spat at him. “. . . But no, it wasn’t you.” “Rey, please,” Poe begged one last time. “Just—just help me out a little . Just a hint! There’s gotta be something Ben likes that he doesn’t already have.” Poe couldn’t really imagine sullen, grumpy Ben liking anything at all, but he supposed everyone had to have a hobby of some kind. He could tell from the way Rey had twisted up her mouth that she was weakening, and he gave her his very best pleading expression. “Dammit, don’t look at me like that,” she groaned. “That’s how you got this job, isn’t it? Those big brown eyes melted even Phasma’s icy heart, right?” Poe snickered, “Not exactly. Or if they did, it froze right back up again. But never mind Phasma, does that mean you’re gonna help me?” “Okay, fine, I’ll try , but I don’t know how much help I’ll really be—because I honestly can only think of one thing Ben’s ever wanted that he never got,” Rey told Poe. “And it’s pretty stupid, and expensive, so you’re not gonna want to get it for—” “I don’t care!” Poe interrupted. “I’ll get it, anything! What is it?!” Rey’s response was somewhere between a chuckle and a sigh. “Okay. So you remember the MotoKops, right?” Poe nodded. “Yeah, sure. I used to watch the cartoon, and I had a few of the action figures.” “Me too,” said Rey. “Did you have the Power Wagons?” “One of them,” Poe chuckled. “Got it for Christmas, but my dad made sure I knew it was the only one they were giving me. He told me that if I wanted a bunch of toy mini-vans, I’d have to buy them myself.” Poe remembered how popular the MotoKops toy line had been at the time, and how hard the “Power Wagon” playsets (which really did look sort of like garishly colored mini-vans) had been to come by, sort of like his generation’s Hatchimals. “You didn’t want ‘em that bad, hunh?” Rey laughed. “Well, actually. . . that was the year of the fire, so I didn’t really get a chance to get the rest of them,” said Poe, hesitantly. He sort of regretted it when he saw the horrified look Rey gave him. “Shit, I’m sorry, Poe,” she muttered, but Poe shook his head. “No, it’s okay! It’s a good memory, we had such a great time that Christmas morning. And you know what? I still have that Power Wagon, because I loved it so much, I wanted to take it to bed with me.” Poe smiled. “Mom finally gave in and let me, and I still had it in my arms when the firefighters found me. They carried it out right along with me.” Rey managed a little smile back at him, but he could tell she was still embarrassed as she continued, “Well, uh. . . I went through a phase where I liked the show too, so my dad bought me some of toys—the girly ones,” she sighed with some lingering resentment. “Cassie Styles and Dream Floater.” Poe nodded again. He remembered the heroine Cassie Styles and her pink Power Wagon well—most of his friends had had their first crushes on Cassie, who was rather sexily drawn for a kids’ cartoon character. Poe himself had liked the bad guys—especially the guy bad guys—better. “So, uh,” Poe prompted, “what exactly does all this have to do with Ben and Christmas?” “I’m getting to that,” retorted Rey. “Ben watched the cartoon with me one day when he came over to play, and he loved it, but his mom wouldn’t let him have any of the toys. She said MotoKops was too violent.” Poe groaned, “Wait, let me guess. You want me to buy Ben a bunch of MotoKops stuff for Christmas.” Rey smirked, over the awkwardness of Poe’s own MotoKops experience by now. “Not quite. I let him play with my toys, so he was okay with not having them himself. But there was one Power Wagon he really, really wanted, and I didn’t have it—the Meatwagon.” Poe swallowed. “Oh.” “You remember that one, right?” Rey asked. “The Power Wagon for No Face, the bad guy?” “Yeah,” Poe mumbled. “I remember.” He should—the Meatwagon was the playset his parents had given him their last Christmas together. “So you think I should give a guy in his thirties a plastic toy called the ‘Meatwagon.’” “I told you it was stupid,” Rey sniffed. “And anyway, those old toys are collectibles now—they go for crazy amounts of money. If you can even find one on eBay or something, it’ll be way more than you’d want to spend on Ben . That’s why he hasn’t just bought it for himself, he told me he couldn’t justify spending that much money on a plastic toy.” “Just how much does it cost, anyway?” Poe ventured. “I’m not sure exactly,” said Rey, “but I sold my MotoKops stuff about a year ago for a couple hundred dollars, and Meatwagon was a lot rarer than Dream Floater.” “Oh,” Poe said a second time. “Yeah. Like I said, just get him a gift card,” Rey advised him. “Christmas isn’t a competition, and Ben’ll probably be surprised if you get him anything at all.” “Thanks, Rey,” sighed Poe. He left her to her work and went over to the shipping dock to get his paperwork, but his mind kept wandering back to the embarrassingly-named Meatwagon dilemma. It would be so perfect for him to give Ben the one thing the spoiled brat had wanted but never gotten, something rare and expensive to boot. It would drive Ben absolutely crazy . By the time Poe got off work at five, he was fixated on the idea, and as soon as he got home, he turned on his computer and got on eBay. Rey hadn’t been kidding about the price and rarity of MotoKops items in general, and the Meatwagon in particular. There were only two Meatwagons up for sale: one with its original box and a Buy It Now price of $500, and a boxless one for auction. The starting bid had been $99, but three people had already bid and jacked the price up to $175, with three days still to go before the auction ended. Just to see if the $500 Buy It Now was as out there as it seemed, Poe clicked on the link to show sold listings. One Meatwagon with box, in slightly worse condition than the one currently for sale, had gone for almost $400, and several other auctions for out of box toys had ended at around $300. So $500 isn’t as crazy as it sounds, Poe thought grimly, and even one without the box is way more than I could afford . In fact, for a moment, Poe actually considered putting his own Meatwagon up for sale. Of course he didn’t have the box—that had gotten burned up along with everything else in his family’s house—but even without it, he should be able to make at least $300. That would pay off a lot on my credit card, Poe told himself. And it’s just a toy. . . . But it wasn’t just a toy, not really, and Poe knew it. The Meatwagon, for all its over-the-top black plastic and goofy name, was all he had left from his mother besides her wedding rings, and nearly all he had left from his father; Kes Dameron had died almost five years ago, and burial expenses had eaten up what little he had to leave Poe. Selling the Meatwagon was just out of the question. In fact, Poe still had the toy on the top shelf of his closet, where he could see it every morning when he got dressed for work. “So much for that idea,” he muttered aloud as he left eBay and went to check his Facebook before he started fixing something to eat for dinner. “But I’m not getting him a stupid gift card, I can do better than that .” As if to mock him, Facebook decided to display Ben as the very first “suggested friend” on Poe’s wall when he logged in. Poe glared at the name “Ben Solo” and the little square picture above it, a photo of Ben’s face wearing a pretentiously moody expression. Their only mutual friend was Rey, but Facebook seemed convinced that Poe welcomed the suggestion that he and Ben be friends; Ben popped up nearly every time Poe went to the site. Poe kept meaning to hide the suggestion, but he hadn’t ever gotten around to it. He was about to “get around to it” right then and there, but something occurred to him just as he hovered his cursor over the little “X” in the top corner of the picture: maybe Ben’s Facebook profile would give Poe some gift ideas. Surely he has some information about himself on his profile, Poe thought. He clicked on Ben’s name, but of course antisocial Ben had hidden his information from non-friends; all Poe could see was the pretentious profile picture and Ben’s cover photo, which depicted a bleak volcanic landscape. Poe sighed and looked at the “Add Friend” button. It’s the only way I’ll learn anything else about him, he decided, and he clicked the button. If he’ll even accept the request—he probably won’t, he hates me. In fact, Poe was tempted to cancel the request as soon as he sent it, but he forced himself to get up from the computer and go make dinner instead. While a can of soup heated on the stove, Poe checked the computer. No response. Of course not. Poe sighed. As he stood over the stove, keeping an eye on the pot of soup, Poe reminded himself that Facebook wouldn’t tell him if Ben rejected his request, which had likely already happened if Ben was online. He’ll probably make fun of me at work tomorrow for even sending it, Poe sulked, and I’ll be stuck buying him a gift card anyway. It just isn’t fair—why couldn’t I have drawn Finn? Or Rey, or hell, even Phasma. Anyone but Ben. Poe didn’t check the computer again until right before he went to bed, after he’d eaten dinner and had a shower and watched some TV. The friends icon at the top of his Facebook page had a little red mark over it, and Poe’s heart nearly stopped. Can’t be, he thought, but when he clicked the icon, it told him that Ben had accepted the friend request, although Poe’s chat window showed that Ben was no longer signed in. Poe felt inexplicably excited about the acceptance, and he scolded himself for that. . . but he still clicked over to look at Ben’s profile again, right away. Unfortunately, it didn’t offer much more information to Poe as a friend than it had to him before. Employment, interests, relationship status—all were blank. Ben hadn’t even posted anything to his wall; the only posts there were things shared with him by his Facebook friends, most of whom seemed to be related to him. “Damn,” Poe swore under his breath. I friended him for nothing—and I can’t unfriend him now, it would be rude . Not that Poe hadn’t been rude to Ben before, or that Ben hadn’t been rude right back. Really, Poe felt like he had scored some kind of victory, however small, by gaining access to Ben’s profile, and he didn’t want to give that up just yet. The only section Poe hadn’t explored was Ben’s photos. Might as well, though , he decided, clicking the link. Maybe he has pictures of something he enjoys. But no, while Poe had posted hundreds of photos of himself and his friends, pictures spanning several years, Ben only had a handful. And, save for his profile and cover photos, all of his pictures had been posted and tagged by family members, not by Ben himself. Out of curiosity, Poe selected the thumbnail of a picture that appeared to have been taken the previous Christmas. It showed Ben and what must have been his family, standing in front of a humungous Christmas tree. Rey had posted the photo and tagged herself and Ben. Poe also recognized her father, Luke, whom he had met once. Luke had greying fair hair and was rather short, and Poe decided the also-quite-short woman standing next to him must be his sister, Ben’s mother. With her brunette hair and eyes, she looked more like Rey than Luke did, but she also somehow resembled Ben despite the fact that he towered over her from where he stood beside her. The handsome, grey-haired man on Ben’s other side had to be his father. All of the family wore matching forest green sweaters, and all of them were smiling. . . even Ben, a little. Poe stared at him, wondering how his mother, or Rey, or whoever, had convinced him to wear something other than black, and how they had made him smile. Poe couldn’t remember ever seeing Ben smile before. It wasn’t that big of a smile, but it still made Ben look, well, happy . Maybe a little dorky, but in a cute way, because of the happiness. Ugh, I did not just think of him as cute , Poe thought with a wince. He closed out his browser and turned off the computer before he wasted any more time looking at his nemesis’s Facebook page. Maybe he knows , maybe he knows somehow that I drew his name, and that’s why he accepted the request, because he realized what I’m up to. And he’s laughing at me right now because there’s nothing on his profile to give me any ideas. That whole conspiracy theory was ridiculous, and Poe knew it. He was letting Ben mess with his head, just like always, only this time Ben wasn’t even trying. I’ll figure it out before the party, Poe vowed as he got ready for bed. I’ve got nearly a month, I can think of a stupid present idea in a month! He started to climb into his bed, then paused and looked over at the open closet door. He could see the Meatwagon up on its shelf, appearing almost to be looking back at him with its plastic headlights that really lit up—in red, no less—with two AA batteries, not included. “You are kind of creepy,” Poe muttered to it. “No wonder Ben’s mother wouldn’t buy you for him.” But then he grinned at the toy van and got on into bed without shutting the door. Maybe the Meatwagon was creepy, but he and it had been through a lot together. Within thirty minutes, Poe was asleep under its watchful vehicular gaze. -- To be continued Chapter 2 That evening, Rey had just settled into bed with a book when her phone rang. That better not be Poe, she thought with a glare at the device lying on her nightstand. Rey already had enough to worry about with the name she’d drawn, that of their boss, Mr. Hux. (Yeah, she was getting him a gift card, but a gift card to where ? And for how much? Did Hux even go anywhere besides the office?) Rey didn’t need Poe’s holiday troubles to worry about too. But when she picked up her phone, Rey saw not Poe’s name, but that of his giftee. She frowned and answered the phone. “What do you want, Ben?” Rey sighed. “I’m about to go to bed.” “At nine o’clock?” her cousin scoffed over the phone. “Don’t you have a life?” “Listen, I’m tired! I’m the one who’s been on her feet all day, not parking my ass in front of a computer slacking off,” Rey retorted. She and Ben bickered almost as much as he and Poe did, but their taunts usually lacked the venom of those the two men exchanged. Tonight, though, Rey was especially irritable, so she added, “ And I’m the one who can get a boyfriend to go out with, rather than spending my time whining about being single, so I’d say I’m the one with a life!” A long silence sat over the phone connection; then Ben muttered, “Rey, that was mean.” Rey sighed a second time. “Okay, you’re right. I’m sorry. But really, Ben, my day sucked, and I’ve already helped enough people with their problems today.” “Who said I need your help with a problem?” Ben asked, rather defensively. “You never call me unless you need something,” replied Rey. “So forgive me if I misjudged you—but if I didn’t, spit it out and get it over with. What do you want?” Ben heaved a sigh himself then admitted, “I do need your help, with that ridiculous gift exchange at work. I drew—” “ We aren’t supposed to tell! ” Rey bellowed into the phone, but at the same time, she had a pretty good idea of what Ben had been about to say. What did I do to deserve this? she wondered. “I don’t care,” Ben growled. “I drew Poe’s name, and you’re got to tell me what to get him.” “Ugh, Ben, ” groaned Rey. “This is not my problem . You’re a grown man, and so is Poe. You can deal with him like an adult.” “Rey,” said Ben in a threatening tone she knew very well, “if you don’t help me, I won’t get him anything .” Normally that threatening tone had absolutely no effect on Rey—she had long ago learned that to react, even in anger, was just giving Ben what he wanted. But normally, Poe’s happiness wasn’t the thing being threatened. Even though Rey was usually able to stand back and stay out of Ben and Poe’s fights, what Poe had said earlier that day haunted her: It’s a good memory, we had such a great time that Christmas morning. That marked the first time Poe had ever seemed happy about anything Christmas-related, and she couldn’t stand the thought of Ben ruining the holiday for him all over again by embarrassing him—or worse, hurting his feelings—at the office party. I don’t care what Poe says, if he really hated Ben, he wouldn’t be so obsessed with getting him the right present, Rey thought. He would be hurt if Ben didn’t get him a gift, and I’m not going to let that happen. Aloud, she told Ben in a tight voice, “Like hell you’re not getting him anything. You know how hard Christmas is for Poe.” Ben made a derisive, scoffing sound. “Oh come on. What’s so hard about Christmas for him? Everything’s easy for Poe.” Rey just barely managed to catch herself before she exploded at her cousin: Maybe he really doesn’t know. “You mean he hasn’t told you?” she asked. “Hasn’t told me what ?” Ben snapped. “Poe doesn’t tell me anything, I don’t talk to Poe.” Rey hesitated for a moment, wondering how Poe would feel if he knew she was telling his life story to his worst enemy, when Poe himself had apparently decided to keep it from Ben. But then Rey decided that she was doing it for Poe’s own good—anything to make some kind of peace between the two men. “Ben,” she finally said, “one Christmas when Poe was a kid. . . well, you’ve heard about Christmas trees catching fire, right? Real ones, I mean?” “Yeah.” Ben sounded vaguely suspicious. “Well, that happened to his family’s tree,” Rey told him. “At least they think that’s what happened—it got too dry, or they left a space heater on, or something. Poe was little, he doesn’t remember. But anyway, his house burned down, on Christmas night.” She paused, but to Ben’s credit, he didn’t try to interrupt. Rey went on, “The family lost everything, literally everything except the clothes they were sleeping in. Well, and today, Poe said he carried his favorite toy out with him.” When she stopped talking, Ben asked in a low, quiet tone, “They all got out? His family?” “Yeah, the firefighters got him and his parents out,” said Rey. “But Poe’s mom, she didn’t make it. She died at the hospital, from smoke inhalation. He doesn’t even have a picture of her, because everything burned up.” She paused again, and when Ben didn’t say anything else, Rey finished lamely, “And that’s. . . that’s why Christmas is hard for Poe. I think he handles it pretty well, all things considered, and maybe he really wouldn’t care if you stood him up in the present department. But I’m not gonna take that chance.” “Fuck,” said Ben. His voice was still low and quiet, almost husky. Rey couldn’t read his tone to guess at what sort of emotion was behind it. She muttered, “Look, get him a gift card. Hell, get him a box of candy canes, I don’t care, just get him something . I know you don’t like him, but Poe really is a good person, Ben. He doesn’t deserve to be hurt.” “I know he doesn’t,” Ben grumbled, and Rey relaxed slightly. “Rey, it’s not that I want to hurt him. And—I don’t not like him.” Rey raised an eyebrow, as if Ben could see her. This was getting interesting. “You mean you do like him?” she asked. Ben retorted, “I didn’t say that . Poe’s annoying —he’s too cheerful, and he talks too much. But. . . I really didn’t know about his—his mother and all. I’ll get him a present, okay?” “Okay,” Rey relented. “Thanks, Ben.” “Uh, one other thing,” he said after they were quiet a moment. “He. . . friended me on Facebook. Did you tell him to do that?” “No!” Rey snorted. “What did I just get through saying? You’re grown men, not teenagers. I don’t have time to police your social media.” “Well why else would he do it?” protested Ben. “Hell if I know,” Rey lied. She was pretty sure she knew exactly why: Poe was looking at Ben’s profile to get gift ideas. Good luck with that, she thought. But maybe it could work the other way around. . . . Out loud, she suggested, “But why don’t you look at Poe’s profile to see what he might want for Christmas? I know he’s really into airplanes, and I think he builds models, but I don’t know the details.” “I guess I could,” Ben muttered. “Anyway, I gotta go.” Rey smiled at hearing the embarrassment Ben was trying to cover; it meant that she’d gotten him to feel bad about how he’d been treating Poe, at least a little. “Yeah,” she said. “See you tomorrow.” After they hung up, Rey leaned back against her pillows, but she wasn’t looking at her book. Instead, she stared off into space and pondered the coincidence of Ben and Poe drawing each other’s names in the gift exchange. It seemed too weird to have happened just by chance. . . and as she thought back to that afternoon, she remembered how Phasma had taken the box of names to Poe and Ben’s desks first, and how the manager had disappeared for a few moments after that, before she’d gone around to the others’ cubicles. Phasma rigged it, Rey realized. She must have! Rey shook her head and grinned at the same time. It wasn’t like Phasma to get involved in the office drama, but apparently even she could only tolerate so much. And apparently, her plan was working—or at least Ben and Poe were being forced to think about each other as more than enemies. Well, they’re Facebook friends now, Rey thought as she finally turned her attention back to her book. That’s better than nothing. -- At that very moment, in fact, Ben was looking at Poe’s Facebook page with growing frustration. Despite Rey’s suggestion, he saw nothing to give him any ideas of what to get Poe. Instead, Poe’s wall was filled with posts from other people: flirty comments from girls, stupid memes, pictures of him hanging out with Finn and Rey and other people Ben had never seen before. In all the pictures, Poe’s handsome face was captured smiling or laughing. He always seemed happy. Just like he is at work, Ben thought as he glared at the selfie Poe was using as his profile picture. Always disgustingly cheerful—except when he’s yelling at me . It was hard to imagine Poe ever being unhappy about anything, especially the holidays. But I guess he has a right to hate Christmas, after what happened to his family. As many problems as Ben had with his own parents, he loved them, and he didn’t like thinking about Poe losing his mother so young, without even a picture to remind him of her. Rey was right: Poe didn’t deserve to be hurt all over again, not at Christmas. “Fuck,” Ben swore for the second time that evening. He rested his elbows on the edge of the desk, where he was sitting hunched over his laptop, and leaned his head on his hands. “Why do I have to get you a present? Why me? Why you ?” He lifted his head back up and demanded, “And why the hell did you friend me?” Those questions were only the tip of the iceberg, and Ben had a thousand others: Why did I accept? Why do I keep looking at your picture? Why do you have to be so—so gorgeous? Ben hadn’t really intended to follow through on his threat of not getting Poe a present. But getting Poe a present was a problem, because Ben was a perfectionist—or at least that’s what his father had accused him of one time. And Ben supposed he’d been right. Ben didn’t see much point in doing anything halfway; if he couldn’t be the best at something, he didn’t want to try at all. (That, he realized for the first time, was why Poe bothered him so much. Poe seemed to be the best at everything .) I want to give him the perfect gift, Ben thought, because that’s what he’ll give to whomever he drew. I can’t let him outdo me at Christmas too! Ben absently clicked through a few more of Poe’s photos, without seeing a single one that suggested a gift idea. Poe really did make model planes, and he wasn’t even too embarrassed to post photos of his finished projects in a Facebook album, but Ben wouldn’t have had a clue about what kind of model kit to buy. Poe’s fashion sense was completely different from Ben’s, and Ben didn’t even know what kind of books or movies Poe liked. I really don’t know anything about him, even though we’ve worked together for a couple years now, Ben realized. I never bothered to find out—although he never bothered to learn anything about me, either. The only things I know about Poe are what Rey’s told me. . . and maybe she’s told him something about me too. Ben blanched slightly at the frightening thought of all the things his cousin could share about him. And if that’s all I know about him, Ben despaired, how will I ever find the right gift? I can’t give back what Poe lost. I can’t give him a family. . . . Ben looked at the block displaying some of Poe’s friends—he had over a thousand of them—and scowled. . . but then his scowl faded as something occurred to him. I can’t give him a family, but I can give back something he lost. . . . It would take a lot of time and work, but he had almost a month—and, he was sure, more determination than anybody who had ever given Poe a present before. But I’m going to do it, Ben vowed. I’m going to give Poe the best present ever, even if it kills me. -- To be continued Chapter 3 One week before the office holiday party, Poe was close to panicking. Unlike Ben, he hadn’t had any gift ideas, complicated or not, and even if Poe had been able to afford a Meatwagon from eBay, there weren’t any to be had: all of them had sold, and no new MotoKops items had been listed in the past several days. Dammit dammit dammit , Poe thought as he slouched at his desk and stared at his computer monitor. He had just finished placing an order for packing tape from Office Depot and had snuck over to eBay for a minute to do one last Meatwagon-check, which of course proved fruitless. Then, as if things weren’t bad enough, he heard Phasma clear her throat behind him. Poe started and closed out his browser window, but it was far too late. “Run out of things to do, Poe?” the office manager sniffed. “No!” Poe flushed and spun his chair around to look up (and up, and up ) at Phasma. “I was just. . . uh. . . well, Christmas is just a week away and I hadn’t finished buying all my gifts yet and uh—” “Then you won’t mind going over to Target on your lunch to get decorations for the party,” she cut him off. “You can finish your shopping at the same time.” Poe glowered at her, but in truth, he didn’t really mind. He’d just been going to have a sandwich at his desk anyway, and he actually liked shopping—not for holiday decorations, maybe, but the idea Phasma had suggested so sarcastically was a pretty good one. Maybe I’ll see something there I can get Ben, Poe thought. And if I don’t. . . I guess I could go ahead and get him a stupid gift card. “All right,” he said aloud. “Can I take lunch early and go now?” “I suppose,” Phasma sighed, “as long as it’s okay with Ben.” She turned toward the IT department—which consisted only of Ben’s cubicle—but Poe lurched to his feet and grabbed her arm to stop her. As Phasma looked back at him with a glare that could have frozen Santa Claus himself, Poe stammered, “W-what do you mean, ‘as long as it’s okay with Ben’? What does Ben have to do with it?” “He’s going with you.” Phasma snatched her arm back and stalked away. “What? Why? ” wailed Poe, but she ignored him. He sighed miserably and thought, So much for getting his gift while I’m there. And now I’ve got to look at his stupid face for my whole lunch break too? A growl from within Ben’s cubicle cut off Poe’s thoughts, and a second later, Phasma emerged, followed by Ben waving his arms and bitching. “Why do I have to go?” he was protesting. “Because you always have the least work to do around here,” Phasma informed him. Ben persisted, “Then why does he have to go?” He looked past Phasma to glare at Poe. “Because if I send you by yourself, you’ll come back with a black Christmas tree. I know you, Ben.” Phasma pulled the corporate credit card out of her pocket. “Who wants to be responsible for this?” “I will,” both men said at once; then both glowered at one another. Phasma looked from one of them to the other, pursed her lips, then handed the card to Ben. His full, pale lips drew up in a smirk of triumph, and Poe wanted to punch him. “Only because you have other things to buy,” Phasma told Poe, “and you don’t need to be tempted to put Christmas presents for your girlfriend or whoever on the company card.” “I wouldn’t do that!” Poe grumbled, and she sighed. “It was a joke , Poe.” Poe rather doubted it, since he couldn’t remember the last time he saw Phasma so much as smile, but arguing with her wouldn’t get him anywhere. Instead, he muttered, “Fine, whatever. What are we supposed to buy for the party?” “We need a tree and ornaments to put on it,” Phasma said. “They can be in whatever colors you two think are suitable—but nothing too overtly Christmassy or Hanukkahy or otherwise implying that we’re advocating any one holiday over another.” “I thought you didn’t want a black tree,” retorted Ben. “That’s the only option we have left.” Poe started to laugh but covered it with a cough; he didn’t need Ben thinking his dumb jokes were actually funny. “Just go do it ,” Phasma snapped. “Without killing each other.” They shrugged into their jackets and stalked out to the little parking lot without speaking. Poe headed for his car until he realized Ben wasn’t following. Instead, the other man was going to his car. Poe glared after him. “I’ll drive,” he called. “No, I don’t mind,” Ben replied. He had stopped beside his vehicle, some kind of sporty black sedan that looked far pricier than anything Poe could afford. “You’re carrying the credit card,” said Poe, “so I’m driving.” Now Ben was the one to glare. “This isn’t a contest, Poe. And anyway, my car’s bigger.” Poe cast an embarrassed look at his own little two-door—purchased used, four years ago—and mumbled, “You don’t have to brag about it.” “I wasn’t—Poe, I didn’t mean it like that .” When Poe scowled over at Ben, he was surprised to see a faint touch of color on the other man’s pale cheeks. It’s probably the wind, Poe thought. “Sure you didn’t,” he muttered. He gave his car an apologetic pat on its dented hood and trudged over to Ben’s sleek, shiny car. “Really,” Ben sighed when Poe got there, “I just meant that it’ll hold more stuff. If we have to buy a tree, it might not fit in your—” “I don’t care .” Poe jerked on the passenger door hand of Ben’s car and found it still locked. “Would you unlock your damn car so I can get in, please? It’s cold out here.” Ben grumbled but complied. The car was so low to the ground, Poe felt like he was practically lying down once he got in, but it was also even nicer inside than he’d expected. The heated leather seats began to warm up as soon as Ben started the engine. At least my butt won’t get cold, Poe thought randomly. For some reason, that struck him as hilariously funny, and he didn’t quite manage to cough in time to hide that laugh. Ben gave him an odd look, not quite a glare, and Poe felt himself flush. He turned away to look at the window, lamenting, He probably thinks I’m crazy and rude. But he’s the one who was making fun of my car! As Ben pulled out into traffic, he punched the button to turn on the radio. Christmas music blared out of the speakers, and Poe winced even though he was also a little surprised; Ben didn’t seem like the type to listen to that kind of thing. “Sorry,” Ben muttered. He turned the music down some then hovered his hand near the radio controls. “Uh, I—I don’t have anything else in here. I know you don’t—not everyone likes Christmas music. I can just turn it off—” “No!” Poe said quickly. Anything was better than being stuck in silence for the ten minutes it would take them to get to the store. “I don’t care. It’s your car.” Ben stayed quiet a second, then said, “Well I don’t want to make you uncomfortable.” Too late for that, Poe thought. But how does he know I don’t like Christmas, anyway? I guess he noticed last year, it’s not like I try to hide it. . . . Ben had put his hand back on the steering wheel, and when Poe glanced at him sideways, he saw that the larger man looked pretty uncomfortable himself. Poe abruptly felt a little bad about the whole thing; Ben was trying to be nice, he supposed. “It’s okay,” Poe finally said. “It’s—it’s Trans-Siberian Orchestra, they’re not bad.” Ben cast him another look, this one a bit surprised, and asked, “You’re. . . sure?” “Yeah.” Poe fished around for some way to make conversation. “Uh, I mean, some of their stuff is way too sappy and—and Christmassy, but the rest is okay. I really liked them better as Savatage, but obviously that’s not where the money is.” “Wait, you’ve heard of Savatage?” Ben actually sounded impressed, and they looked at each other in surprise. “I. . . didn’t know you liked metal.” “Um, some of it.” For some ridiculous reason, Poe blushed again. “Not—not like death metal or anything, but. . . but yeah. Savatage is pretty good, and I like hair metal a lot.” Ben grinned. His smile was so sudden and infectious, it made Poe want to smile too, a little. “Oh c’mon, Christmas music is too corny for you, but you listen to hair metal? You little dork,” Ben chuckled. For once, Poe didn’t feel offended by him, even at being called a dork, since Ben said it almost affectionately. “Oh like you’re so cool,” he retorted with the smile he finally allowed to show. “Let me guess what you like, Mr. ‘Let’s Get a Black Christmas Tree.’ Therion, right? And Nightwish and Lacuna Coil? All that melodic, over-orchestrated goth crap, am I right?” “It is not over-orchestrated,” Ben countered. “And yes, I like those bands. They’re deep.” “Deep? You mean pretentious.” “Hmph, if you like hair metal, you probably think any song’s pretentious unless it’s about getting laid,” charged Ben. “I do not .” Despite the unusual friendliness of their banter, Poe was starting to get uncomfortable again. Because Ben had always seemed so uptight, Poe had never thought he’d hear the other man say the phrase “getting laid,” even in reference to cheesy eighties songs. Ben’s deep voice made the words sound surprisingly sexy. “I don’t even like the songs about getting laid,” Poe added defensively to distract himself from such thoughts. “I’m surprised,” replied Ben. “If you’re buying your girlfriend presents during work hours, you’re trying awful hard in the ‘getting laid’ department.” “Ugh, Phasma was trying to be funny when she said that,” Poe grumbled. “I don’t even have a girlfriend.” He turned to glare at Ben and found the other man smiling, as if he found it amusing that Poe was single. Poe glared all the harder and thought about trying to explain that he didn’t want a girlfriend, that he wasn’t even attracted to girls, but then he decided that anything he said would just make him look even more desperate. Instead, he slumped back in his seat, folded his arms, and glared out the window the rest of the way to the store. After Ben parked the car, they got out and walked up to the doors, keeping a good amount of space between one another. A woman with the Salvation Army was standing out front with a red kettle, and Poe winced at the loud clang of the bell she was ringing. He didn’t mind giving to charities, but he wasn’t carrying any cash, and he couldn’t really afford to be giving away money when he still had Ben’s present to buy. The sound of the ringing bell only made Poe feel guilty. He shoved his hands in his pockets and walked into Target with his head down. For his part, Ben completely ignored the worker and her bell. Probably thinks he’s too cool for something like donating to charity , Poe decided with a scowl. Just inside the store, Poe stopped by the dollar section and eyed the inexpensive holiday decorations there. “Grab a cart,” he told Ben over his shoulder. “It’ll make Hux happy if we get some of this cheap stuff and save him some money.” Poe half expected Ben to complain about being bossed around, but Ben got a shopping cart and rolled it over to Poe without speaking. He stood there fidgeting while Poe perused the ornaments, and after a minute of that, Poe started to feel awkward again. “Are you gonna help, or are you just gonna stand there?” he grumbled. Instead of answering, Ben blurted out, “I left my phone in the car.” “For Christ’s sake,” muttered Poe with a roll of his eyes. He managed not to call Ben a moron to his face, but it was difficult. “Well go get it then. I’ll wait here.” Ben turned and stalked back out of the store again. Poe shook his head and dropped a few generic, green ball-type ornaments in the cart, then looked out in the direction Ben had gone to see if the other man was even hurrying. Poe suspected the forgotten cell phone might just be a ruse to get Ben out of helping with the shopping. Sure enough, Ben hadn’t even gone to his car; in fact, he hadn’t made it farther than the doors, where he had stopped just outside the store. “Dumbass,” Poe said under his breath. . . but he felt guilty about it when he saw why Ben had stopped: he was talking to the Salvation Army worker and dropping some folded money into her bucket. Poe stared, then quickly went back to looking at decorations when Ben turned to come back inside, pulling his phone out of his jacket pocket at the same time. When Ben returned, Poe asked, “You find it?” with a glance at the taller man. “Yeah.” Ben held up his phone as falsified evidence that he had really gone to his car. Then he looked down into the cart at Poe’s ornament selection and declared, “Those are so tacky.” “They’re cheap!” snapped Poe. “And it shows.” Ben grabbed the cart and wheeled it off, heading deeper into the store. “I’m going to the holiday section to get some decent looking decorations.” “Jerk!” Poe said after him, not caring whether Ben heard him or not. Still, on the way back to the larger holiday display, Poe wondered why, if Ben was such a big jerk, he would go to all the trouble of sneaking back outside to donate money to the Salvation Army. He didn’t want me to know he was doing it, Poe thought, like he was embarrassed—maybe because I didn’t give them anything? But since when does he care about what I think of him? Actually, knowing that Ben had done something nice for someone made Poe think better, not worse, of him, but Poe decided to pretend he hadn’t seen. By the time Poe caught up to Ben, he was already in the holiday department looking at Christmas trees. “How big a tree do you think we need?” he asked Poe. “Ten feet?” “Ugh, no, we’d need a ladder to decorate it then,” Poe protested. “Speak for yourself,” quipped Ben, looking down—literally—at Poe with a smirk. Poe felt his face grow hot. “Whatever,” he mumbled, “but we don’t need a tree that big. Eight feet will be fine.” “Okay, okay.” Ben lifted a boxed, pre-lit tree with ease and put it on the bottom rack of the shopping cart. Poe eyed it and asked, “Does it have to have all white lights? That’s kind of boring.” “Colored lights are tacky,” announced Ben, “just like those ornaments of yours.” He spun the cart around and pushed it over to an aisle with boxes of ornament sets. “Why do you always have to be such a pain in the ass?” Poe demanded as he followed. “You didn’t even want to come, so what do you care which decorations we get?” “I have to sit and look at them just like everyone else,” Ben replied as he picked up a box of gold ornaments. “If you really want those green ones, these will look okay with them.” “But that’s just two colors!” Poe argued. “I like these better.” He pointed at another box, which held a mixture of jewel-tone ornaments. Ben shook his head. “I don’t want our tree to look like someone spilled a bag of Skittles on it!” “Well I don’t want our tree to put me to sleep!” Poe folded his arms across his chest. “But fine, get your boring gold balls. I’m gonna go get some of the ones that are shaped like other stuff—” “Like hell you are!” Ben dropped his box of ornaments in the cart, then gripped the cart’s red plastic side and leaned on it, towards Poe. “You are not putting a bunch of cutesy little shit all over our tree!” “Why do you get to decide what goes on it?” snarled Poe. “I get to decide because I have some taste! You don’t even like Christmas!” “That’s all the more reason for me to get something I do like! And what do you mean, you have taste? Dressing like you’re going to a funeral every day is taste ?” “It’s better than dressing like I fell off the back of a motorcycle!” Poe looked down at his scuffed leather jacket in some embarrassment. “I—I do not look like I fell off a motorcycle!” “Your hair certainly does,” Ben sniffed. “Do you ever comb that mess of curls? Or shave in the morning, for that matter?” “What the hell does me shaving have to do with our Christmas tree?” Poe grabbed the handle of the shopping cart, opposite Ben, and leaned over it too to growl, “It’s my tree as much as it is yours, and I don’t want a stuffy, pretentious tree!” “Well I don’t want a tacky, trashy tree!” “Are you calling me trashy?!” “As much as you’re calling me pretentious!” “Um. . . can I help you two?” The cheerful, female voice broke through the haze of wrath that had settled over Poe, and he turned his head to see a middle-aged sales associate standing next to their cart, watching them with a little smile. Poe suddenly realized how stupid he and Ben must look, yelling at each other over the shopping chart with their faces just a few inches apart. Poe backed off the cart and raked a hand through his hair. My messy, curly hair that Ben hates, he thought. “Uh, no, we’ve—we’ve got it,” Poe mumbled. Ben had stepped away from the cart too and was blushing vividly over his pale cheeks. “Are you sure?” the associate persisted. “I’ve been working housewares for years, so I’m pretty good at helping couples compromise on their décor. Let me guess, you’re a traditionalist—” She gestured at Ben. “—and you’re into kitsch,” she finished with a look at Poe. “Great, now I’m kitschy,” Poe lamented. “You kind of are ,” muttered Ben. . . then the woman’s exact words sank in, and his blush deepened across his nose. “But—but we’re not a couple!” he stammered to the associate. Poe’s eyes widened as he too realized the implication of what she’d said. “No! Hell no!” he gasped. “Geez!” “Oh! I’m very sorry.” Rather than look embarrassed herself, though, the associate just kept on with that same little smile. “It’s just that you said ‘our tree,’ so I assumed this was your first Christmas together.” Poe looked down at the innocuous shopping cart in horror and wondered, Is that what this looks like? Did anyone else see us and think we were together? “No, no,” Ben was explaining. “We just work together. We’re getting decorations for the office.” “For the party,” Poe put in, then clarified, “The holiday party. Next week. We’re having a party next week. With presents. So we need a Christmas tree, to put them under. ‘We’ meaning the whole office, not just me and him. So it’s not our tree, it’s the office’s tree—” “I see,” the associate cut him off. “But would you like some help anyway? I could still find you something you can both agree on.” “No, that’s okay,” Poe mumbled. At the same time, Ben said, “No thank you. We’ll—we’ll just get something and go.” “All right, if you’re sure.” Her smile grew ever so slightly. “Just let me know if you need any assistance.” Poe and Ben stood in a strained silence as the associate walked away, and even for a moment after she was gone. When Poe finally looked at Ben again, the taller man’s blush had faded. He glanced at Poe; then they both looked away. “Um, you can get some other ornaments if you want to,” Ben offered quietly. “The colored ones or. . . or the shapes.” “No, that’s okay. The gold ones are fine,” Poe said in an equally low voice. “And we don’t have to get the green ones if they’re too. . . too tacky.” “We can get the green ones too, with the gold ones. I think they’ll be good together,” murmured Ben. He put a hand on the end of the shopping cart and tugged it after him as he started up the aisle. “Let’s get out of here.” Poe followed but paused at the endcap display of tree toppers. “Wait, don’t we need to get a star?” he asked. “Or an angel, or whatever.” “Better make it a star.” Ben stopped walking and came back to where Poe stood. “Angels are too religious.” “Well so’s the star,” Poe pointed out, “since it’s from Los Reyes Magos.” “Hunh?” Ben looked down at him. “Er, the three wise men, the Magi. You know, following the star to find the Christ Child,” Poe explained. “Oh.” Ben looked embarrassed all over again. “I thought you said something about Rey.” Poe snickered, “No, Reyes , kings. It’s Spanish. For such a classy guy, you sure don’t have any culture. The trashy Latino’s gotta explain everything to you.” “Just pick out a star so we can go,” Ben grumbled. Poe plucked a gold-tone star topper from the display; then Ben led the way to the checkout, pushing the cart with his head down and his black hair hanging around his face and hiding it from Poe. Poe assumed Ben was just sulking over not understanding Spanish, but Ben surprised him after they’d loaded their purchases in the car and started back for the office. “I’m sorry for what I said,” Ben mumbled as he drove. “You’re not trashy.” Poe actually felt a little embarrassed for him and protested, “I was just kidding about that.” “No, but I said—anyway, I didn’t mean it. I was just pissed off.” Ben refused to look at Poe, keeping his eyes fixed on the road instead, but he sounded sincere. “I’m sorry.” “Then I’m sorry I called you pretentious,” Poe offered. “And—and I wasn’t trying to make you feel dumb or anything, my family just always called the Magi by their Spanish name, so I didn’t even think about it.” When Ben didn’t say anything, Poe kept rambling to forestall another awkward silence. “It’s not like we even really celebrated them—my mom was Guatemalan, and they don’t make a big deal out of El Día de los Reyes, so I always got presents on Christmas instead.” “Mmn,” said Ben. Poe stifled a sigh and shut himself up. At least he apologized for something, he thought as he stared at the window the rest of the way back to the office. And we got the decorations without killing each other. But that still doesn’t solve the problem of finding him a gift. . . and he’ll probably think anything I get him is as tacky as those green ornaments. It was looking more and more like getting Ben a gift card, boring as that would be, was Poe’s only option. -- To be continued Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 7 of the BenPoe Miscellaneous AU series