“—so, in theory, running a second, concurrent channel through a hyperspace relay will mask the transmission. Cadet Hux, are you paying attention?” Hux blinked, his gaze coming into focus on Major Kindan scowling at him from the front of the classroom. He must have been staring again. Zoning out. He’d been so exhausted lately. “Yes, sir. Sorry, sir.” Hux closed his eyes and repeated back everything his instructor had said in the last minute. Word for word. “Are you trying to get smart with me, cadet?” Hux shook his head, bewildered. “No, sir. N-not at all. I—” “After class, cadet.” Behind him, snickering. He felt his face go hot. “Y-yes, sir.” Kindan went on for a few more minutes, but now Hux’s embarrassment kept him from being able to remember a word that was said. He kept his head down and eyes on his datapad as the chime rang and his classmates cleared out, a few of them passing by his desk to drop snide comments. Their nastiness stung, but like hell he was going to let it show. “Good luck, Armie…” “You’re gonna get it now, General …” It was his first semester at the prestigious Finalizer Academy, and already he’d been in trouble more times than he could count. Though most (if not all of it) wasn’t his fault, he’d been so conditioned from childhood to assume blame for the tiniest of infractions that he never questioned it. He was worthless. He was weak. He was stupid. And he proved it every single day. The first of which had been announcing, on his first day at the Academy, that he was going to become the youngest general the Grand Army of the First Order would ever see. No one had let him live that down. Soon, he was alone in the room and stood at attention as Major Kindan clicked off the HoloDisplay and turned to face him. “Your father warned me about you. That you’d be lazy and devious, but I hadn’t expected outright disrespect.” Armitage had never been good at picking up on social cues, and feared he’d dropped the ball again. He hadn’t meant it to come off that way. He’d thought Major Kindan was genuinely concerned that he hadn’t heard the lecture and he wanted him to know that he’d been listening. That he was being good and doing his duty. His flush deepened. Hux could feel his ears burning. “Sir, I didn’t mean—” “Silence!” Kindan snapped with a ferocity Hux hadn’t expected from the soft-spoken, older gentleman. Hux’s posture stiffened automatically at the barked command. “The first thing you’d better learn is when to shut your mouth.” Behind his back, his hands trembled, and he clutched them tighter. “That innocent act isn’t going to fly here. I’ve seen it all. You think you know better than your elders. You want to show off. You think you’re special. Well, you know exactly two spoonfuls of kark , boy, and I’ll not tolerate that kind of disrespect in my classroom. I’ve half a mind to give you a demerit for that,” he paused and narrowed his eyes at Hux’s slight gasp, “but I think I have something a little more persuasive in mind.” Kindan let the threat hang for a moment, savoring the boy’s confusion. It hadn’t yet turned to fear, but it was there, creeping around the edges, ready to spring. His lip curled into a smirk. “Take it off.” “S-sir?” The room seemed to spin and a sudden weight pressed down on his chest, making it hard to catch his breath. That was what his father said when— “The jacket. And your shirt. Take it off. Don’t make me tell you again.” So, I’m going to be whipped, then . Hux’s hands shook as they came forward to undo the clasp at his neck and made their way down the front of his tunic, tiny clinks of metal sounding in the otherwise silent room. He could hear the rush of his heartbeat in his ears and tried not to think about the imminent pain. The room felt much colder, but it had little to do with being shirtless. Carefully folding his uniform and the undershirt, he set them aside on his desk and resumed his stance. Kindan motioned for him to come to the front of the room and he obeyed, grateful for the bit of movement to mask the quiver of fear that ran through his spine. The officer circled around him as if appraising him, and when he came back around to stand in front of Hux he had a peculiar smile. There was a predatory gleam in his eyes and a tilt to his lips, a quickening of breath that Hux had seen before, but never from an adult. Those boys – Mazan and Vratik and Carr-Oben and Hantell – the ones who raped him, they had that look about them every time. Hux spared a glance down at Kindan’s hands. He wasn’t holding a whip. They were empty. But he also noticed the large bulge at the front of his trousers and took in a sharp breath. Hux met Kindan’s gaze again, his brow pinched in terror. The instructor’s grin widened at Hux’s understanding. He wasn’t going to be whipped. Chapter 2 “The pants, too. All of it.” For all he knew that it was coming, Hux could not make his hands do his bidding. The fasteners were suddenly overly complex and his fingers far too clumsy to operate them. He drew a deep, tremulous breath and held it, trying to steady himself. “Come on. We haven’t got all day.” A whine was building in his throat but he swallowed it down and squeezed his eyes shut as he felt his trousers slide down to his boots, then hooked his thumbs into the waistband of his underwear and pulled those down, too. Despite the chill, his shame burned hot. He covered himself and hunched his shoulders, feeling so small and vulnerable and wanting someplace to hide. This can’t be happening . “Look at you. So thin. Are you eating properly?” Hux wasn’t sure Kindan was actually looking for a response, but he stammered out a “yessir” just in case he got himself into further trouble by not answering. The longer the man stood there, leering, the harder it became to control the shivers that wracked his body. “Are you afraid, boy?” He could hear the rustle of fabric as Kindan freed his erection from his pants, but he didn’t look up, keeping his gaze focused on the patterns in the deck plates. This can’t be happening . Fear pitched his voice higher than he would have liked as he sniffled and tried to fight back tears, “Yes, sir.” “Good. You should be.” A calloused hand gripped him by the throat and flung him toward the HoloDesk. Hux yelped as he stumbled and crashed into it, but he hardly had time to catch his breath before the teacher’s weight pressed down on him from behind. “Quiet!” Kindan’s breath hissed hot against his ear. “Be good and this will all be over soon.” Hux could feel him fumbling around behind him, fingers forcing apart his clenched cheeks, the warm firmness of his cock searching out his defenseless hole, and then he was in. He couldn’t keep from crying out at the invasion, instinct taking over as he frantically scrabbled at the desk to get away. Kindan clamped a hand over Hux’s mouth to muffle his screams as he yanked him back, pushing farther in. Hux tried to be quiet, tried to force himself to be still like with the other boys. It didn’t hurt any less, but it might prevent a beating in addition to the assault. He tore open, stretched around Kindan’s cock (which was much larger than even the older boys’), and he could feel blood trickling down his thighs. He hadn’t even started moving in and out and already the pain was unbearable. Hux gripped the edge of the table but stopped trying to pull away. It was still warm from the energy that had been coursing through it just minutes ago. A distant part of him thought it was a strange thing to notice, given the circumstances, but he also realized that if he focused on the memory of the diagrams and schematics they’d been looking at earlier, it helped to take his mind off of the pain. “Giving up already? You really are as pathetic as he said.” His only response was a small whimper as Kindan shoved himself the rest of the way in. For a long while he stayed there, unmoving, just panting hard and heavy against Hux’s neck, with Hux pinned to the table, squirming under his weight, struggling to breathe. He hoped against all hope that it might be over. Hux didn’t dare give voice to the litany of pleas that crashed around in his mind. He wanted to beg and cry and scream, but he knew from long experience that would only make things worse. Losing his grip on the edge of the table as Kindan dragged him back to start fucking into him, Hux gasped and balled his fists tightly, digging his nails into his palms and letting the fresh pain distract him from the agony and shame of what was happening. Even with that savage hardness inside of him, he still couldn’t believe it. “I’ve seen you limping out of empty classrooms before, boy,” Kindan grunted, continuing to elicit pitiful mewls from Hux as he thrust into him. “Don’t tell me you’re not used to this.” Hux ground his teeth together and refused to answer. How could he be expected to get used to this ? And yet, Kindan was right. In a way, he was. There had never been a person in his life who hadn’t wanted to hurt him in some way. Not since he was five. Before that, he’d at least had his mother. The sudden memory of her comforting embrace brought new tears streaming down his pale cheeks. But she didn’t want him either; that’s what father said. And why would she? He was just this useless, worthless thing, and if he weren’t so weak and foolish, this wouldn’t be happening to him. Even now he couldn’t stop crying and wanting to scream for his mother. Just more proof that he deserved it. Kindan finished with a low growl, pumping into him a final time before pulling out and stepping back. He slapped Hux’s ass and wiped his dick off on the reddening hand-print. “Clean this mess up and get out. I have a class in ten minutes.” Class! I’m going to be late! The thought of more punishment to follow if he were marked tardy and given demerits was enough to motivate him to get moving. His hands left thin smears of blood on the HoloProjector as Hux pushed himself off the table and sank to the floor, clutching his stomach and trying to catch his breath through thick sobs. It hadn’t hurt this badly before, and there was so much blood pooled under him. He wanted to just lie on the cold alusteel floor and never move again. A ratty towel hit him in the face and he felt the tip of Kindan’s boot digging into his hip. “I said, get up.” “Y-y-yes, s-sir,” he managed, scrubbing at his eyes with the backs of his hands and turning around slowly to mop up the cum and bloodstains. Kindan’s boots clicked off toward his office, but Hux didn’t look up to see him go. He finished cleaning, his breath hitching as he fought back a swell of nausea, and forced himself to stand on quaking legs, remembering to wipe his blood off the table as well. He was still bleeding and dripping Kindan’s semen so he wiped off his thighs and suppressed another cry as he dabbed gingerly at his inflamed entrance. Looking around for something else to clean himself with, he found nothing. Hux folded the towel and stuffed it into his underwear before pulling them back up. He hoped no one would notice, but it was either that or bleed through, and then everyone would know and he would be punished for breaking the uniform code as well. Using the other desks for support, he stumbled back to his own desk to get his shirt and jacket, hastily re-dressing and gathering up his datapad and shoulder bag. He didn’t have time to get to a refresher, so he wiped his hands on the underside of his tunic skirt to stop the bleeding. Hux looked back one final time over the scene of his assault to make sure he hadn’t left behind any evidence of Kindan’s brutality and shuffled out into the too-bright corridor. Notes: The likelihood of Hux making it through a military academy without being abused, given who he is and how little his father seems to care for him (and Brendol's insistence on a "survival of the fittest" and "sink or swim" attitude towards children and weakness in general) is quite slim, in my opinion. (Also given the frightening prevalence of sexual assault in both the military and military schools and academies in the real world, particularly toward LGBT people.) I don't think Brendol himself would stoop to sexual abuse, but I do think he'd just see it as another test for his son -- will he be a "snitch" and report it? Will he just shut up and take it? Will he fight back? I think Hux's childhood and youth were extremely torturous, miserable parts of his life that most definitely shaped who he became, and that all the physical, mental, and sexual abuses he suffered were instrumental in breaking him down for the brainwashing he most likely received.