One I'm building this house on the moon like a lost astronaut... “Bring her to me.” The Supreme Leader was clear in his order. Kylo Ren lowered his eyes from the giant hologram before looking to General Hux, standing next to him with a tight jaw and his eyes straight ahead. Only a handful of Resistance X-Wings, his father, the Wookie, the traitor, and her. That’s all it took to destroy the greatest weapon the galaxy could even think to perceive. And Snoke was blaming Armitage Hux. Kylo had received his own earful, with the only blame of losing Rey falling on Kylo’s shoulders. Even that was lessened at the admiration the Supreme Leader had for Kylo, who had mercilessly cut down Han Solo. The wound on his face was angry and stung, but nowhere near as bad as having killed Han. He might as well have stabbed himself through with his own lightsaber. Hux looked to Kylo and he could see the man’s jaw muscles flex. He didn’t have to try to see the man was angry at him. Kylo took a deep breath in before turning and making his way out of the room, his boots clicking against the ground with his long strides. “This is your final task,” Snoke stopped him halfway to the door. Kylo didn’t turn around, instead he stood stiff, mere feet from the exit. “Do not fail.” Without an answer Kylo began walking again, finally out of the room and leaving Hux to what awaited. Outside the room he remained as rigid and intimidating as possible. He didn’t like walking around the Finalizer without his helmet, but it was lost with the Star Killer Base. So he walked with his shoulders slightly back, and his spine straight, and always with a look on his face like he might kill the next person to look at him. He made his way down to the control center first, looking for Captain Phasma. His very presence was enough to put the crew on edge, everyone looked uncomfortable or frightened, except for Phasma. Kylo contributed it partly to her helmet and partly to her height. “Sir,” she greeted him, stoic. “I need you and your best men ready to leave within a day.” Kylo tried to avoid his own reflection in her chrome armor and immaculate black lenses as he spoke to her. “Do we have a mission?” She asked him, still as she spoke and Kylo thought of her like a statue. “A manhunt,” he answered her shortly. “We will be ready,” she complied after a moment of silence. Kylo didn’t respond to her, instead he turned and left as quickly as he had come. He hated that everyone could see the face he had to share with his former self. From there he made is way to communicate with the rest of the Knights of Ren. Kylo sat in near darkness, Darth Vader’s burned back before him. There was utter silence in the room, Kylo sitting with his eyes closed and facing the mask, meditating in a way. His thoughts were of what Snoke had told him before Rey had escaped, about his weakness being compassion for the girl. How could he not feel that way? A low growl left his lips as he opened his eyes and was met with Vader’s mask. “I will not be seduced,” he said with determination. “But I need your guidance.” Please. The plea never left his lips, even though he was alone in the room. He wasn’t in a position to beg from the dead. He, instead, reached out with the Force, trying to sense any change in energy from the helmet. Instead what he felt was a darkness moving along the halls towards his chamber. The Knights of Ren had arrived. Kylo Ren stood from the foot of his bed. He was already ready to leave, he had been ready to get off the Finalizer the moment the Star Killer Base had been reborn as a new sun. The door slid open for him and he stepped into the hallway, to see the seven Knights of Ren making their way towards him. They stopped before him and bowed their heads for a moment. “We brought you gifts,” the woman in front stated, Zora Ren. Two more knights moved forward, one holding a helmet to him and he took it, a slight feeling of relief flooding through him. The face of the helmet wasn’t too entirely different than what he had before, the helmet itself was the same as the other knights. It still had the chrome detailing on it, however it was new. New and virgin to battle. He moved to put the helmet on, deciding he would have to do something about it being so new when he saw the second gift. It was a cape, heavy black fabric folded in the Knight’s arms with a chain clasp. Kylo recognized it immediately. Before Kylo could reach out to even touch it, the knight who had handed him the helmet moved behind him to help him out of his cloak, the one that had been singed and burned while battling Rey. The second draped the heavy cape around his shoulders and the weight of it almost made him smile. Looking back to Zora, he saw she had taken her helmet off to fully appreciate Darth Vader’s cape around Kylo’s shoulders. Her light brunette hair was done up in braids to keep the curls close to her head with the helmet on. She was happy, her bright green-blue eyes showed Kylo that although her mouth was relaxed. “Where did you find this?” He asked her, still resisting the urge to smile. “It’s my understanding we have a long journey ahead of us, perhaps I’ll tell you,” she told him and the pair began to walk forward, both of them replacing their helmets and the six other knights following suit. “It depends on how fast we find our girl,” Kylo answered her, the distortion over his voice from the mask made him feel almost as good as Vader’s cape. “Who are we looking for?” Zora asked him, keeping pace with her shorter legs, although she did turn to glance at him. Kylo didn’t respond to her at first, pondering his answer. “A scavenger from Jakku.” “The Supreme Leader has us chasing a girl from Jakku?” Zora was shocked for a moment before she could probe Kylo further. “You saw what she did to me,” Kylo’s jaw was tight, most of his excitement leaving him. Zora was silent to him, as the knights crowded a lift and made their way down to the ship bay. His shuttle was already prepped, along with two others, forming a short staggering row. Before them, Kylo made out General Hux and Captain Phasma, along with twelve Stormtroopers. “I hope you have an explanation for taking Captain Phasma along with you on this escapade,” Hux had his arms behind his back in a formal manner, however Kylo knew he was furious. “She’s a formidable ally,” Kylo offered his answer, knowing it would do nothing to please Hux. “And do you have any idea how long you’ll be gone?” “Do you have plans for her?” Kylo asked him in return and the general clenched his jaw. “You can help us return faster if you finally locate Luke Skywalker.” “We’ve been tasked with finding the scavenger, not Luke.” Armitage Hux had the courage to argue with Kylo in front of his knights and in front of Captain Phasma and the handful of Stormtroopers. Right in the middle of the ship bay. “Rey will be with Luke,” Kylo explained with a short temper and Hux rose one of his eyebrows at the use of Rey’s name. Don’t you dare, don’t you say anything, Kylo silently warned him. Fortunately Hux knew his boundaries and stepped aside for Kylo. “Travel safe,” he told Kylo and the Knights of Ren mockingly as Phasma ordered the Stormtroopers to split between the two other shuttles, only two following the knights, a pilot and copilot. Chapter 2 : Two Summary: Kylo Ren finds Rey and reveals the some truth about her past and why she was left on Jakku. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Looking at you like a star from a place the world forgot... The trip was taking longer than Kylo Ren had expected. Anywhere they searched lead to false leads and speculation based solely on rumors. Kylo was beginning to think that Luke somehow knew they were searching for him and Rey. He spent most of his time in meditation, reaching out with the Force, searching for any sign of his old Jedi Master. Anything to keep him from acting like an animal trapped in a cage. He had lost track of how long he had been doing this one particular day, and just as he felt a twinge, a short burst of light, there was a knock on his door. Kylo opened his eyes, falling back into his body, and blinked. “Kylo!” Zora sounded urgent, knocking on his door again. He got off of his knees from the floor and the door slid open as he approached. “The First Order, they sent news of a girl-” “It’s her,” Kylo realized. It wasn’t Luke but Rey he had felt.“We’re close.” Zora watched Kylo’s face before she decided to finish her sentence.“She’s with General Organa, at a Resistance base.” “That doesn’t change anything,” Kylo forced out. He hadn’t expected this to be easy. “A Resistance base doesn’t change anything?” She asked, looking shocked. “You were prepared for Skywalker, but not The Resistance?” Kylo asked her and stepped out of the room into the common area. “What is our course of action?” Zora answered with a question of her own. “We walk in.” They had landed a fair distance from the supposed Resistance base. Under the cover of night the search party had remained undetected. Kylo stood by himself, facing the village that held the supposed secret Resistance base. There wasn’t much to it, and Kylo felt entirely more confident with his plan. Nobody else was, however. The Stormtroopers were nervous, Captain Phasma was angry, and his knights thought he had gone mad, cooped up in the ship so long. “Order your men not to attack unless I give you the command,” he told the captain as she walked up to him, her twelve Stormtroopers in three straight lines behind her. “Are we going to ask the girl to come with us?” Phasma responded to him. Kylo ignored her sarcasm. “The same for you.” Instead, Kylo turned to face his six Knights of Ren, “Stay strictly defensive unless I tell you otherwise.” “You know it’s a waste,” Zora tried to argue with him. Instead he took a step towards the shorter woman, towering over her, and her courage sank. “You will stay strictly defensive unless I say otherwise. Do I make myself clear?” He asked her in a low voice, made even darker by his helmet. “Yes,” Zora responded. He received a few more words of agreement from the knights, and those who were silent nodded their heads. “Follow me,” he spoke to the whole party now and strode off towards the village. The closer he got, the more he felt Rey, like a distant star burning fiery and bright. He was trying to concentrate solely on what the Force was feeding him, and wanted to know the exact moment she knew that he had come for her. Outside the village, as the party of twenty encountered two guards. They were not expecting Kylo Ren and the group with him and the moment they were spotted, Kylo reached out and used the Force to grip around the man’s neck, finding where his spine met his skull and snapping the bones there. He died in an instant as Kylo moved his attention to the second, pulling him closer until his hand was gripping the man's neck. Kylo held him high, the man's feet kicking and twitching while his mind was forced open, like a book for Kylo to read. He found, with the man quickly dying, that his wasn’t a base but rather an outpost. There was a base further off on the planet, and if they were alerted, Kylo and his company would find this mission extremely difficult. The thoughts and memories he was invading faded suddenly and Kylo was brought back to the man’s face, purple with blood pouring from his nose. “Three men,” he turned to Captain Phasma as he dropped the corpse from his hand. “Patrol the village, let no one escape.” He looked to one of his own knights, “Lisryk, assist them.” The silent knight bowed his head slightly and followed the three Stormtroopers Phasma had sent off, drawing his rifle. “This isn’t the base, it's on a different corner of this world,” Kylo then spoke to those remaining. “We’ll have no trouble as long as the Resistance here is cut off.” He began again, making his way into the village, walking straight towards Rey’s light. There was hardly anyone awake at this hour, and the remaining sixteen were largely unseen as they approached Rey. There was a temple of sorts that Kylo stopped before and he sensed it, Rey’s aura had become chaotic with panic and fear. She knew he was here. “Have your men guard the entrance,” he commanded of Phasma and they complied, forming a defensive line as Kylo entered with three of his knights, leaving Stegunn and Brieand to assist Captain Phasma. Kylo saw her first, burning like some fiery beacon while on her knees, and her energy was twenty times more intense than when he had last faced her. At her side was his mother, both of them on their knees with their backs towards him. “Rey,” the traitor was the only one in the room facing them, desperately trying to get Rey and Leia to pay attention to the situation. “Wake up!” He whispered intensely and Kylo moved forward, his knights remaining near the entrance. Kylo saw Rey glance over her shoulder before her head snapped forward again at the sight of him. He saw his mother place a hand on Rey’s thigh, trying to steady her emotion. “Rey!” The traitor stressed before raising his blaster to Kylo. He barely flicked his wrist and the blaster flew out of his grip and was crushed mid air. “Ben,” Leia spoke before standing, leaving Rey to try and mediate by herself. Kylo could see that Rey wasn’t able to in his presence. “I’m not here for you,” he told his mother, casting his gaze in her direction for the first time in almost a decade. He was surprised that Leia wasn’t vengeful towards him for Han Solo’s death. She still wanted her son back. “I know why you’ve come... Ben,” She started towards him. “Stop,” he warned her. He took a deep breath to control himself, and prevent his limbs from shaking. She didn’t heed his warning and continued forward. “Ben, you can come back,” she said, her own calm breaking as she approached the son she had birthed thirty years ago. “Stop!” He yelled at her and she was frozen mid step, reaching out to him. His voice caused Rey to flinch and look back at him once more, the traitor by her side now, weaponless and afraid. Kylo swallowed, forcing himself into composure and his mother could do nothing but stare at him with eyes full of sorrow. “I’m not here for you,” he told her, forcing his hand into a fist and pulling the consciousness out of his mother. It took a great deal of energy and once she fell to the ground, Kylo’s chest was heaving. Rey, feeling a surge of anger that dimmed her light slightly, moved for her staff, but stopped as Kylo, instead of reaching for his light saber, removed his helmet. Kylo knew she shouldn’t attack him first, if she learned anything from Luke at all. He saw the confusion wash over her features as he dropped the heavy helmet at his feet. “Draw your weapon,” she told him, her hand on the staff while she readied her stance. “I don’t wish to fight you, Rey,” his natural voice filling the temple. She straightened her stance, glancing at her friend before looking back to Kylo. “I don’t know where Luke is,” she told him. “I’m here for you,” Kylo clarified and she was taken aback. He saw the traitor lean into Rey, about to tell her something. Kylo was running low on patience, and lifted his hand. The traitor was suddenly in the air, flipping over Kylo and landed on his back between him and the Knights of Ren. “Zora, keep our friend occupied,” Kylo said, his eyes locked with Rey’s as her staff’s ends produced two short blue sabers and she held it in a defensive stance. Behind him, he heard Zora drop her helmet as well, before she removed most of her armor, shedding it as she walked towards the traitor. “With pleasure,” she answered Kylo. “Whoa, whoa, lady wait!” The traitor responded as Zora engaged him. “She won’t hurt him,” Kylo reassured Rey, who’s attention was torn between him and the hand to hand combat between her friend and Zora. Behind Kylo, Zora had began dancing around the traitor. She was moving fast enough to take quick, sharp jabs at his weak spots like his neck, ribs, and knees, all while dodging swings he was taking at her. “You must have a fetish for surrounding yourself with traitors, liars and murderers,” Kylo spoke to get her attention. Rey snapped her brown, doe eyes back to him, her body tense. “What do you want?” She asked him again. “I told you, I’m here for you,” he stepped forward and she moved back. “Why?” Rey’s eyes narrowed. “Orders,”Kylo answered her shortly, before extending a gloved hand out toward her. “I don’t want to fight you.” “I’m not going with you.” She was stubborn, and Kylo found himself admiring that about her. She had always been stubborn. “Do you like being lied to?” He asked her in an attempt to persuade her. “Do you like being taught the ways of the Force by the man who left you on Jakku?” “Wh...What?” Rey asked, her stance falling slightly at the mention of the planet. “Don’t listen to him, Rey!” The traitor huffed as Zora kept him busy, like she was a cat playing with her live meal. “Skywalker hasn’t told you?” Kylo ignored him, making Rey focus only on him once more. His face softened in sympathy for her. “I didn’t recognize you before, not for certain,” Kylo took another step forward, his hand still stretched out to her. “Not until you stole Anakin’s lightsaber from me. In the forest on the Star Killer Base.” “What are you talking about?” Rey spat at him. She was becoming angry... Good . “He blocked your memories, even I couldn’t find them,” Kylo continued to agitate her with the harsh realty of why she had been abandoned. “Luke...” he paused, his face softened and his eyes sad with his hand stretched out to her. He’d be lying to himself if he called it all a facade. “Luke killed your parents.” “No,”Rey shook her head in disbelief. “No,” she repeated louder as tears fell down her face. “You’re lying!” “Don’t--listen to him!” The traitor struggled, Zora having her fill of toying with him and kept him in a headlock to watch the conversation unfold between Rey and Kylo unfold. “You know it’s true! I can show you!” Kylo rose his voice. Rey knew what he was telling her wasn’t a lie, but she wouldn’t let herself believe him. “Let me show you what he did!” She didn’t respond in coherent words, instead she screamed and lunged at him, the blue ends of her staff barely missing his neck as he leaned back to avoid her sudden attack. Rey came at him fast, lunging and spinning, and Kylo unclasped the heavy cape from his shoulder’s, allowing it to fall to the floor as he dodged her. She wasn’t using any of her training as she tried to cut Kylo down, only her rage. He ducked as her staff was again swung at his head, and for a moment he thought of grabbing for his lightsaber. Instead, as Rey spun around and came at him with another attack, Kylo grabbed onto the staff and flipped her, simultaneously turning the blades off and tossing it aside as she hit the ground. He grabbed onto her then, pulling her back up from the floor as she screamed at him, clawing at his arms. “Let me go!” She struggled as Kylo wrapped both of his arms around her chest and held her against him, her feet barely leaving the ground. “You need to see,” Kylo told her, speaking into her hair as she fought him. He felt the Force growing around her as she suddenly remembered it, and he froze it in place, The light suddenly still as it radiated off of her, and was slowly encompassed by a blanket of thick, cool black. “Remember what he has done!” She fought hard, however Kylo’s own memories flooded her mind and she was pulled into his head. She could barely understand it, there were flashes of light, green, blue... And red. It was Luke and her father and... Kylo Ren. Younger, and he was knocked aside from the fight. Rey could barely concentrate on Kylo’s memory, she both wanted free and wanted to see the truth for herself. Suddenly she screamed, as if seeing it before her, the father she barely standing over a young Ben Solo before Luke’s green lightsaber was thrust through his back. She watched the glowing blade push through her father’s chest before it was brought up and her father was half way cut in two. “Stop!” She screamed, closing her eyes but the image was still there. “Stop it!” Her screams were drowned out by her mother’s ear piercing wails as she ran at Luke. The teenage Ben Solo got to him first, rounding on Rey’s mother and cutting the red lightsaber from her grip before she could hurt his master. Everything turned into a blur before melting away to the Jedi and his Padawan standing above her parent’s corpses. “He left you on Jakku,” Kylo forced, dropping to his knees with Rey still held against him. “I didn’t want to,” he continued, feeding her images of the two together. A fourteen year old Ben Solo and a five year old Rey. “I know you remember what I told you.” Rey did, she remembered. It was her own memory now, being pulled away by Unkar Plutt. “Stay here, I’ll come back for you,” she heard, and recognized, Kylo’s voice. “I’ll comeback sweetheart. I promise.” Kylo finally let go of Rey and she scurried away from him. “Come with me,” he told her, staying on his knees as he watched her cry. She shook her head. “Come with me now!” He tried encouraging her. “I’ve kept that promise, now come with me!” He stood and offered his hand to her again. Rey looked up to him from the ground, now silent, looking into Kylo’s dark eyes. He was distracted as she reached up, and he believed that she was finally agreeing, until her staff was called back to her open hand and she hit him with a furious intensity behind his knees, knocking him to the ground. She was above him quickly, the blue sabers on her staff shooting out with a crack and one end was close enough to Kylo’s neck he felt his skin beginning to burn. The Knights of Ren were ready, and charged Rey in an instant, held up in confusion when Kylo stopped them. “NO!” He yelled, watching Rey’s hands shake as she stared down at him, her foot heavy on his sternum. “I don’t want to fight you,” he told her, “I never have, but we both know I can take what I want.” There was a distraction outside, sounds of fighting, and Kylo took the opportunity to pull out his own lightsaber and force Rey’s weapon away from him, jumping up from the ground with ease. “Find out what’s happening,” he commanded his knights and they left him with Rey, the unconscious traitor and his unconscious mother. “The Resistance knows you’re here,” Rey warned him, taking up a fighting stance once again with her saberstaff. Kylo rolled his shoulders back, breathing in as he heard the fight rage on outside. “The faster we leave, the less death there will be,” Kylo warned her, beginning to circle her, giving her one last chance. “Come with me now and save your friends.” “No,”she said and made the same mistake of attacking him first. Kylo easily thwarted her and she ended up on the ground before him and the entrance. “You can’t fight me this time,” Kylo warned her, as Rey got back up to her feet. She studied him for a moment before she turned around and ran out of the temple. Kylo followed her, once he was outside he leaped onto the air, jumping over Rey, and landed in front of her. He blocked one of her blows immediately before returning it,one after the other. Each time he brought his lightsaber down harder, and it knocked Rey back until she was once more on the ground. He used the Force to steal her weapon away, catching it in his left hand. She stared up at him in shock, out of breath from the short fight and Kylo used his free energy then to try and cease the fighting around him. The Resistance indeed had been notified of his company’s presence. They needed to leave before it got out of hand. Above him,two X-Wing fighters flew past the outpost. Kylo focused and used one’s firepower against itself, freezing the cannon shots and sending them back at the craft, causing an explosion that briefly lit up the village. Rey screamed at him to stop before realizing the carnage around her, seeing what Captain Phasma, the Stormtroopers, and the Knights of Ren were doing to the village. With the second X-Wing, Kylo seized the engine and puled the ship down into the village. He was surprised when the X-Wing didn’t erupt into flames, and surprised further as Ray got up and sprinted to the wreckage, screaming, “Poe!” Kylo followed her again, knowing more Resistance fighters were mere moments away from arriving. He sheathed his lightsaber hilt on his waist before pulling the strap on Rey’s saberstaff over his shoulders. Rey ran straight to the wreckage and pulled the pilot out of the cockpit, a small orange BB astromech unit dropping out of the wreck simultaneously. Seeing Rey on the ground with the man she had pulled free brought up a strange feeling in Kylo, something related to jealousy and it confused him. As Kylo approached, Rey moved to pull Poe’s blaster from his side. Kylo raised his left hand and Rey expected to be frozen or pushed back, instead she was shocked by Poe gasping, coming back to consciousness while he laid on the ground and in her lap. Rey looked from the pilot, that Kylo now recognized as he moved closer, to Kylo with shock. “What are you doing?” She asked him quietly, nearly drowned out by the chaos around them. “Come with me,” Kylo asked her one last time, his hand still raised and nearly shaking with power as he tried to heal Poe Dameron, a man he had once tortured. “Rey,” Poe gasped from the ground, drawing her attention before she stood up, “Where’s Finn?” A few feet away, the droid beeped at Rey in concern, hiding from Kylo behind some wreckage. “I can’t save them all,” Kylo told her, multitasking as he focused on her, “but you can end this now.” “Rey?” Poe gasped from the ground and Kylo stopped him from moving, keeping him still. Kylo rose his right hand, in one last offer to Rey and, hesitant, she stepped towards him. Kylo breathed out in a sigh of relief before he moved forward, his hand now towards her head and she was gone in an instant, falling. Kylo caught Rey, holding her in both his arms and walked away from a gravely injured, but alive, Poe. “Rey!” He choked at Kylo’s back. “Gather my effects,” Kylo told one of his knights as he passed, “We’re leaving, now!” He stopped for nothing on his way back to his shuttle, his knights gathering first before Phasma and her Stormtroopers came. He had lost four of them, and none of his knights. He counted everyone as they arrived and was last to board his ship as Zora arrived with his cape and helmet. “She chose to come with you?” Kylo heard her ask as he stepped onto the platform. “She made her choice, and I didn’t give her the option to change her mind,” Kylo responded, sensing a change before he was fully on the ship. Zora felt it as well, although she was hardly as Force sensitive as he, and they turned around. A figure was standing in the distance, cloaked in the darkness of night and Kylo wasn’t sure who it was at first, feeling for something familiar from the figure. “Lets leave,” Kylo said, realizing who was standing outside the ship. “Who is that?” Zora asked, almost leaving the shuttle before Kylo scolded her. “We are leaving, now ,” he said, hoping she wouldn’t realize Luke Skywalker was outside. He hadn’t felt him arrive, he hadn’t sensed him at all and it was worrisome. Even more so if his knights find out. However the night had already taken much away from him and he couldn’t fight his old master if he wanted. Notes: Merry Christmas/Happy holidays! :) Be sure to keep Carrie Fisher in your thoughts, hopefully she'll get better soon. Chapter 3 : Three Summary: Kylo Ren and Rey arrive back on the Finalizer. And there's nothing that I can do except bury my love for you... “I believe she’s awake,” Zora said and Kylo Ren opened his eyes. He had locked Rey in his private room, thus forcing himself into the common area of the ship. He had been trying to meditate, but his mind was always pulled back to the girl. “You aren’t sure?” Kylo asked, his helmet off, along with hers. “She’s crying, she may be asleep still,” Zora informed, kneeling next to him on the floor. “She’s skilled with mind tricks,” Kylo informed not just her, but the five other knights with him in the common room, “be wary of her.” Kylo stood and left Zora on the floor, moving to his private room. He stood outside the door and heard the same thing Zora had. Soft sobbing was pouring from the room Kylo felt that she was awake, he could sense it, however he paused before entering the room. He was hesitating, he didn’t know what to say to her or what to do if he entered the room. Rey hadn’t sensed him so he had time, standing outside the room with one of his hands on the door, thinking and bathing in the light surrounding her. He caught himself and backed away from the door, asking himself what he was doing. Rey was a prisoner, not his but Snoke’s. She wasn’t the little girl his former self remembered, the little girl he was forced to leave on that trash pile of a planet, the little girl he had promised to come back for. Kylo wasn’t that same boy she had grown overly fond of and would follow everywhere. Ben Solo was gone, and never coming back, he had made sure of that. He kept that in mind and felt better about the situation as he moved towards the door, opening it and stepping inside. Rey had been curled up on his bed, her knees pulled to her chest. She sat up quickly and backed into the corner that met with the end of his bed. The doors closed behind Kylo, sliding shut quickly, and the lights were low in the room. “Where are we?” She asked with her jaw quivering, staring at him like he was some sort of predator. “We are en route to the Finalizer,” Kylo answered her, afterwords moving to sit across the room from her in a cushioned armchair. “We should arrive within a day.” “And then what?” She asked him. He was unsure of Snoke’s plans for her. Perhaps she would be trained under himself as another knight? “I’ll take you to the Supreme Leader, and he will decide.” “Snoke,” she said. It wasn’t a question but a statement, “You are taking me to Snoke.” “Yes,” Kylo answered her anyways, confirming her statement. “Is he going to kill me?” Possibly . “No,” he answered instead. “You’re valuable,” Kylo continued, trying to convince himself as well. Why did he care? Kylo Ren shouldn’t care what Snoke did with her, yet her question brought up a bothersome concern. Rey shook her head and rested it on her knees. “I’m so confused, Ben.” Kylo tensed, his fists tightening and the leather gloves creaking under the pressure. Rey noticed, lifting her head to stare at his balled fists and then to his scarred face and tight jaw. “Don’t use that name,” he warned her and watched her big eyes widen. “It won’t be tolerated by the First Order.” Her eyebrows slowly knit together and she lowered her mouth to her knees, silent. Kylo sat in her silence, the tense in his body fading away as he waited for her to speak again. She was silent for a long while and Kylo could feel tendrils of the darkness within himself entwining with her rays of light with an odd sensation. He closed his eyes and breathed in to try and rid himself of the feeling, however he vaguely remembered this from the girl before. When he had first met her, and when he had attempted to interrogate her he had this same sensation. He opened his eyes again and saw Rey reacting to the feeling with shock. She didn’t remember, she didn’t understand it. Kylo stood suddenly, feeling a pull from the dark side to the light and he was uncomfortable with it. Rey lifted her head and watched him make his way quickly to the door and Kylo was suddenly overcome with her loneliness. He stopped in front of the doorway and turned to look back at her. She was watching him, and looked to be simply upset that she would be alone again. Kylo swallowed, contemplating what to say to her if anything. “Do you need anything?” He asked her, deciding still, to escape the situation all together. She slowly shook her head “no” and Kylo left the room, feeling immediate relief as he fled from the light. Rey felt the shuttle landing and she couldn’t deny that she was scared. What had she done? Was she foolish to trust Kylo Ren? She had tried, desperately searching her mind, to find any recollection of him. She had a terrible feeling that the memories Kylo had shared with her, no, the ones he forced onto her, were false. They were fabricated somehow. And if so, what was that feeling, that connection? She had felt it the first time they met, when he was trying to pry into her mind, and even when they had been dueling in the forest of the Star Killer Base. And it was coming back suddenly. Rey stopped pacing around the room she was being kept in and stood still in the center, facing the door. It opened as she anticipated, however a woman stepped inside instead of Kylo Ren. The same woman who had fought Finn, Rey recognized her by her ruthless expression and braided hair. She was shocked before Kylo followed her in, another knight behind him. He was the only one with his helmet on, and Rey was entirely more nervous. “Come with me,” he spoke in the low, mechanical voice that made her skin crawl. She didn’t understand herself, why had she come with him? Kylo sensed her hesitation and reached up to remove his helmet, a quiet hiss emitting as his mouthpiece moved up, allowing his head to slip out. “Rey,” he told her, stepping forward with his helmet under his left arm, while he extended his right hand to her. “Breathe in, feel the Force. Focus,” he told her and she did immediately as he told her. “Don’t feel fear, there’s nothing to be afraid of.” He was lying to her, however she couldn’t tell. The trust she suddenly had for his face alone was astounding. “Come with me,” he said again, his hand still outstretched. She took in another deep breath and took his hand. He ignored his two knights, Zora and Lisryk, as they glanced questioningly at each other, before following him and Rey out of the shuttle. Kylo held her hand until they neared the exit before letting go and replacing his helmet on his head. “Look calm, and keep breathing,” he instructed her and they left the shuttle by each other’s sides, followed by the Knights of Ren. The calm Rey had found was suddenly breaking as she noticed the fields of Stormtroopers awaiting them, and General Hux near the shuttle’s ramp, his arms behind his back and his eyes wild with anger. Rey’s strides faltered as she saw him and Kylo’s hand moved to the small of her back, pressed flat and easily spanning it’s width from palm to fingertips. “Have you lost your mind?” The man asked as he saw Rey. “She’s not shackled or restrained!” He seethed through his clenched teeth. “She’s not a prisoner,” Kylo told him, walking up to the man, closing the space between them until it held a tension that could be cut with a knife. She could feel a disturbance in the Force and realized that she was using Kylo, not herself to steady her nerves. “She was responsible for the destruction of Star Killer Base,” the general told Kylo Ren, “and those new scars of yours. She should have cut your head off and instead you stroll in with her by your side--” He stopped speaking as Kylo griped his free hand into a tight fist and Rey say the man before her fighting against his own silence. “You give her too much credit,” Kylo told him, holding his fist a moment longer before letting the man free, his pale skin beginning to redden as he was held by Kylo’s will. He didn’t respond, instead he looked behind Kylo to the Knights of Ren, and then to Captain Phasma who had walked up and stood beside Rey at that moment. “Sir,” she greeted him and Rey looked to her as well, noting that she was taller than Kylo in her armor. Rey closed her eyes and breathed in deep again, searching herself for calm. “We’ll debrief soon,” General Hux responded to her before turning on his heel and walking away. Kylo pressed his hand into Rey’s back, urging her forward and the knight’s followed them. Kylo kept his hand on her back as he walked at a brisk pace, following Hux. Rey kept pace, feeling like she had to jog to keep up with Kylo’s long strides. They wound their way through the giant star destroyer, the layout vaguely familiar to Rey from the one crashed on Jakku. They ended their journey in a large room shrouded in darkness. The whole ship was cold to Rey, who’s arms and shins were exposed, the rest of her body covered in thin gray fabric meant for the arid planet she had been on. This room however, left Rey’s hair standing on end as her flesh erupted in goose bumps. Kylo still ushered her forward to the middle of the dark room before everyone around her dropped to their knees, a massive hologram flickering to life before her. Rey gasped at the deformed figure towering over her, his face scared and decrepit like a corpse, and fell to her knees in shock, between Kylo and General Hux. The massive hologram stood from his chair and leaned down, staring at her, and Rey suddenly felt hot tears contrast the chill she felt on her face. “The scavenger,” the voice above her growled, and Rey felt the sudden urge to run. “You’ve brought her to me willingly.” Kylo looked up to Supreme Leader Snoke before he rose to his feet, along with General Hux. The knights, however remained on their knees and Rey did as well, afraid to stand. “Kylo Ren, you surprise me.” “I’ve done what you asked,” Kylo replied simply, his voice reverberating off of the silence after Snoke’s words. The hologram moved to sit back in his stone throne. “Granddaughter of the man your parents wanted you to be,” Snoke pondered, “Born into a family of Force Sensitive and powerful, Mandalore royalty in her lineage. How did you convince her to come?” Rey, listening on the ground, grew as confused as she was frightened. Luke had never talked about her family. She wasn’t even sure he knew about them until Kylo revealed the truth to her. The thought of Luke, however, stung at her mind and she closed her eyes, willing her thoughts to cease and stop racing in circles. “I’ve shown her that we have a common enemy,” Kylo answered him, “In Luke Skywalker.” “Cunning,” Snoke approved, before looking to Hux. “The First Order is quickly recovering from our loss. Set course for my location, General. Bring her to me,” he requested again and Rey dared to open her eyes, looking up to Snoke. “Yes, Supreme Leader,” Hux agreed and the hologram flickered out. The knights rose, leaving Rey on the ground alone. Kylo looked down to her, and again offered a hand to help her up. She accepted the help, still frightened and Kylo walked by her side, out of the wretched room. “I had a cell prepared for her,” Hux began as they started down the hallways once more. “I’m assuming it would be ill fitting now.” Kylo didn’t answer him. “I’ll have another room ready for her shorty.” He left them quickly and Kylo stopped Rey so he could dismiss his knights. Only the woman stayed with Kylo and Rey. Rey eyed her, still shaking from the cold, before Kylo caught her off guard by unclasping his cape and placing it around Rey’s shoulders. The heavy fabric was already warm from Kylo, and weighed her shoulder’s down, the fabric pooling on the floor at her feet. The knight, though her face was covered, looked shocked at what Kylo had done. “Take her back to my quarters,” Kylo told her and she looked back to him with a cocked head, but didn’t respond to him. “Watch her until I return.” Kylo didn’t say anything to Rey before he followed the same path that General Hux had taken. Chapter 4 : Four Summary: Poe regains consciousness and Kylo and Rey begin to bond. Nothing can breathe in the space colder than the darkest sea... There was near silence around him as he sat in the dark, next to the bed Poe was on. Finn had his feet propped up on the edge of the bed as he tried to relax into his own chair. He had been by Poe’s side since he had woken up in the temple. He had been living in his own nightmare ever since. Poe should be dead and Rey was gone, again. Any of the remaining survivors pieced together a horrific tale of Kylo Ren pulling X-wings out of the sky and carrying Rey off into the night. The last time Finn had seen Rey, Kylo Ren had been trying to turn her against Luke. Finn moved to rub is sore eyes. He hadn’t been able to sleep since that night. Not with Poe on his deathbed and not with Rey gone and the Resistance hardly caring. Finn sighed to himself, shifting in his seat as he willed his thoughts to stop for a moment so he could have some peace. Instead, he felt something ice-cold fall onto the bare skin of his ankle and he jumped up, yanking his feet off of Poe’s bed. “Hey,” he heard the man before him speak softly and Finn wasn’t sure if he had imagined it. He quickly reached for a light by Poe’s bed and dimly illuminated the room with a soft blue glow. Finn was able to see clearly, Poe’s cut and bruised face, his brown eyes glossed over with blue reflections of the light. “Hey,” Finn answered immediately, leaning forward and taking Poe’s freezing hand into both of his own. “Where am I?” Poe asked, he looked confused. “You’re in the infirmary... You aren’t supposed to be talking,” Finn answered him, the shock still present and stunting Finn’s speech. “Well that sounds like me then,” Poe smiled, attempting to relieve some of Finn’s shock. Finn smiled brightly back after a moment, “Dirty Rebel,” Finn teased him, feeling somewhat back to normal for a fleeting moment.“You’re always doing what you aren’t supposed-- no, no, don’t!” Poe had moved to sit up and fell back onto his bed as an overwhelming and white hot pain washed over him. “What happened?” Poe asked through a clenched jaw as he tried to relax and ease the pain he felt, but it was all over and partly inescapable in that moment. “I’ll go get the--” Finn started as he jumped out of his chair. “No,” Poe stopped him, finally feeling the pain fade as he laid flat on his back. “Stay here with me a while.” Finn sat back down and grabbed up Poe’s hand once more with his own, sitting on the edge of his chair to be closer to his lover. “Tell me what happened.” “Your X-Wing was pulled out of the sky. You were coming to try and fend off the First Order that had shown up.” “I was shot down?” Poe asked, not sure how that would have been possible. “No, you were pulled out of the sky,” Finn answered and Poe looked from the ceiling to Finn with confusion. “Kylo Ren pulled your X-Wing down onto the village.” A spark in Poe’s mind brought back a violent memory of laying on the ground in searing hot pain and looking up to the man, his hand outstretched and forcing Poe’s body to continue living. He realized that Finn was right, he shouldn’t be talking. He should be dead. “What about Rey?” Poe asked, his memory catching up with him. “She’s gone,” Finn answered him. “She left with Kylo,” Poe clarified. “He came for her, yeah.” “No, she left with him,” Poe remembered. “ I can’t save them all but you can end this now ,” Poe quoted Kylo, remembering the words as if they were seared into his brain. “Rey left with Kylo to stop the assault,” he squeezed Finn’s hand. “How many people died?” “From the Resistance, only one,” Finn answered and Poe’s eyes asked for more, knowing that Finn was holding back. “Almost thirty from the village,” Finn finally answered with sorrow filling his voice. Poe was shocked now, he wasn’t even sure that thirty people had lived in that small village. “Damnit,” was all he could muster in response. That sort of failure was humiliating and infuriating all at once. Kylo didn’t even give him and the other pilot a chance to defend those people. “She left to save us. Do you think they wanted her dead?” “Kylo was adamant on not fighting Rey,” Finn recalled. “I doubt she’s dead... But why would they want her?” “I don’t know.” “There,” Rey said to herself. She was seated in her own quarters at a table, a fleece blanket wrapped around her body. A pile of electronics, lights, and more junk she had taken from a control panel in her room she couldn’t see a purpose for was laid out before her on the table top. She had fidgeted and tinkered and after countless hours trying to keep herself occupied, Rey had finally made something out of the wires and lights. Looking above her to the flat black ceiling she had a small star system above her, projecting from the contraption. One sun, two planets, one larger than the other and it had two moons. She spun a gear and watched the planet spin around the star and felt immediately sad. Rey missed Jakku fiercely. She missed scavenging and exploring and the freedom of it all. Rey missed that junkyard of a planet she had been dumped on when she was a child, by the man she had trusted wholeheartedly without question. The same man who murdered her parents. Rey looked from the ceiling to the contraption, spinning delicately before slowing to a stop before her on the table. A flash of hatred overcame her and she suddenly wanted to toss it off of the table. Instead she moved her chair back from the table, shocked at the feeling and how suddenly it had come. It was something she had never felt before as far as she could remember. She refused to act on it, suddenly afraid if this was the life she would have to live now, giving into these poisonous emotions and feeding into rage and fear. Rey pulled her feet onto the chair she was on, hugging her knees to her chest and burying her face to cry, hiding from everything beneath her blanket. Kylo Ren was sat in front of Darth Vader’s burned helmet, silent, eyes closed, trying desperately to focus. Rey had been on the Finalizer with him less than one day. He figured he should have known Rey would be a distraction for him, she was a terrible distraction while they were kept on his shuttle. Kylo breathed in, deep, bringing his mind out of the endless spiral of thoughts. He was determined not to let Rey distract him. He found it difficult to think however, with her light constantly bombarding him and beckoning him towards her. “Grandfather,” Kylo opened his eyes, realizing his mind had already strayed back to Rey. “Help me,” he continued, his plea falling around Vader’s helmet, “The light... It’s relentless.” Kylo brought a hand up to his forehead and rubbed, wanting the thoughts out of his head. “I will not succumb,” he said after a long moment’s silence. He looked back to the helmet before him. “I can be stronger than you were.” He closed his eyes once again, feeling empowered once more, however Rey slowly crept back. Kylo was trying to figure out what he could do, how to gain the will power to resist her when there was a change. Something dark reached out and wrapped around him suddenly. Kylo was so shocked he stood up form his seat and drew his lightsaber, the red blade cracking and lighting the room with a red glow. Kylo focused, however the rage he had felt was gone as quickly as it came. Willingly this time, he tried to sense Rey and found everything was... Sad. Normal, but sad. The chaotic red saber and cross guard disappeared, leaving only a hilt in Kylo’s hand. He replaced it on his waist and was still for a moment, fighting with his mind. He was torn, curious, and concerned. Kylo couldn’t resist the pull. He tried convincing himself that it didn’t mater. Eventually that light would fade, become perverted by darkness. What he told himself in reassurance instead made him feel ill. He had left his room in a rush, no cape, no helmet, and made his way as quick as possible to Rey’s quarters. Outside the room, the hallway was littered with Stormtroopers, spaced along the walls of the corridor every few feet. In front of Rey’s door, there were four more, along with two of his Knights of Ren, Brieand and Anda. They both corrected their posture immediately and lowered their heads to him, in obvious shock that he had arrived. “What is all this?” Kylo asked, he hadn’t meant to but he sounded angry, motioning to the thirty or so Stormtroopers lining the hallway and stationed outside Rey’s quarters. “Extra security,” Brieand answered him, “For Hux’s peace of mind.” “She’s not a nexu,” Kylo kept his face emotionless, “What is she doing?” “Sleeping, as far as we can tell,” Anda answered this time. “She’s been quiet.” Kylo wasn’t going to respond, still feeling the unforgiving pull and moved to enter the room. “She dismantled a control board, meant for sanitation and air control. We aren’t sure why. No one wants to question her,” Anda continued before Kylo opened her door. “She dismantled a control board...?” Kylo asked him, speaking slowly. “Is it something that needs attention?” “No, not immediately.” Kylo looked from Anda, to Brieand, to the four Stormtroopers, trying to feel for their thoughts. It was certainly an “off” piece of news. He didn’t say anything more before entering Rey’s quarters, the door sliding closed behind him. He saw Rey immediately, slumped over in a chair, curled into a ball and held beneath a blanket as she breathed in and out shallowly. Before her on a table was some sort of contraption, with brightly shining lights situated on a disk made from a gear. Kylo’s eyebrows furrowed in confusion until he looked at the ceiling above her, noticing she had made a crude display of a small star system. He was shocked then, that the girl had the ingenuity to create something like that out of a control board for sanitation and air. After examining the contraption and it’s display from afar he moved towards the table silently, and sat across from Rey in another chair. He wasn’t sure, but the lights looked an awful lot like the tiny Jakku system. Across from him, Rey took a deep breath in and brought Kylo’s attention back to her. She was awake now, and he couldn’t help but notice her eyes, red and raw from crying. “Fascinating,” he looked back at the ceiling as he gently spun the disk, causing the lights above him to start a slow orbit. He tried to ignore the fact that she had been crying. It was a hard task, with Rey now staring at his scarred face. Rey and Kylo were silent for a while, with the mechanism between them continuing on a steady spin. She could feel the energy coming from him, oddly warm on this freezing ship, the Force slowly moving the lights in a constant circle. “We’re you coming back?” Rey asked him in their silence, her knees still pulled to her chest and her eyes locked on the lights above her. Kylo looked down to her before answering. “I had every intention of keeping that promise while I was a boy.” Rey shut her eyes, trying to keep herself from crying again. She had never cried so much in front of anyone in her life and it was embarrassing. Even then, she still felt like she had people who cared, now she just had... Him. “What did he mean?” She asked him, meaning Snoke, “When he mentioned Mandalore and the man you were named after?” Kylo kept his dark eyes on her, his gaze growing intense. “Snoke was talking about Obi Wan Kenobi, the Jedi Master who trained Darth Vader.” Rey looked away from Kylo, resting her chin on her knees as her eyes scanned the floor of the room. “Before the Clone Wars, Kenobi had an affair with a Mandalorian Duchess, Satine Kryze. In short, she had a child in secret, and passed him off as her nephew. That man was your father.” “Why would my father want to kill you and Luke?” Rey couldn’t stop herself from asking him. “Being a Jedi in those times, it was like walking around with a nose around your neck in some parts of the galaxy. I’m sure you’ve witnessed it to an extent while training with him.” “I’ve only ever stayed at Rebel bases since...” Rey began, and stopped herself, trailing off. “Why don’t I remember them?” Kylo didn’t answer her, only watching as her eyes glazed over and her bottom lip quivered. “I can’t remember,” she drew in a shaky breath, closing her eyes. “I don’t remember anything. I don’t remember you.” “I couldn’t find the memories either. I don’t know what Skywalker has done to you,” Kylo admitted and watched her eyes open and lock with his, that odd and powerful feeling flowing between them freely. He stood from his seat then, as she remained silent to him, and moved to crouch before her. She let her legs fall slowly to the floor before him and stared at him with a mixture of sadness, confusion, and fear. “Concentrate,” he said, gauging her reaction. She didn’t flinch as he moved to his knees and reached out to her, his fingers sliding into her hair and resting his palm on the side of her head, to anyone else it would look like he was trying to comfort her. Rey breathed in, understanding and braced herself for a pain that never came. “Focus,” Kylo encouraged her as he closed his eyes and she did the same, unsure of what to focus on. She felt the invasion then, she felt him inside her head and fought the overwhelming urge to push him out. “Relax,” she heard, but knew that Kylo had been silent. She did as she was told and relaxed her tense body and surrendered her mind to him.