Life style strategies to support your youthful memory It took nearly fifteen minutes, enough time for them to be entirely out of sight of the Finalizer, for Hux to calm down and regain his dignity. Without the visual reminder of what he stood to lose , he finally managed to relax enough to keep his hands to himself, resigning himself to just watching Kylo’s hands rather than clutching them like a lifeline. It was kind of nice, actually. When they weren’t busy drumming on the armrest or otherwise fidgeting, Kylo’s fingers moved over the controls with an easy, practiced fluidity that was almost elegant, despite falling short of the First Order’s standards for motion economy. Even their ride was smoother than Hux had expected. The Umbra ’s engines rumbled at a low, soothing frequency, the wide viewport offered a gorgeous view of the stars, and the navicomputer said their trip would be...wait. Only 68.7 hours? “Kylo...Correct me if I’m wrong, but aren’t those the coordinates for the First Order’s crystal mines? Where the hell are you taking me?!” Kylo looked chagrined, rubbing at the back of his neck guiltily. “Oh...we’re making a quick pit stop since it’s not too far out of the way. Damn. I should have turned that navigation panel off. Um...surprise?” Hux just blinked, confused beyond all reason. “That’s the reason we’re stuck in the kriffing Umbra ? Because you needed that entire workshop back there for your ‘surprise,’ that somehow involves our crystal mines? Just what exactly are you planning here? Because if it involves bothering the miners and disrupting their routine—” “Relax, Hux. We’re not going to bother anybody. There are mineral deposits all over the planet, full of crystals too small for anyone to bother harvesting for large-scale weaponry. But they’re the perfect size for what I need.” “What you need…” Hux squinted, suspicious of Kylo’s unusual reticence. Kylo was loud and brash and dramatic, not the aloof, mysterious wraith everyone else seemed to think he was. Apart from their discussions on the Force, it wasn’t like him to be so vague and secretive. “I know this is asking you to go against every fiber of your being, but please don’t worry about it, and don’t get curious and go snooping for answers. I really did want it to be a surprise,” Kylo whined. “You probably won’t care much about it anyways, but I don’t want to hear any of your old complaints and insults from you days before I even get a chance to harvest some crystals. That’ll just put me in a bad mental state, and we all know how that turned out. I’ll need to have a clearer mind this time around...” He trailed off, mumbling to himself. “...Are you making a new lightsaber for yourself?” Kylo didn’t respond, just stared blankly at the endless stars, as if he was suddenly too engrossed in his piloting to have possibly heard him. “Kylo. Answer me.” Finally, Kylo sighed, shaking his head exasperatedly. “I don’t know why I expected to keep you in the dark for even an hour, let alone three days. You’re too smart for your own good, I swear...What clued you in?” “It’s not a matter of intelligence, just sound reasoning, really,” Hux answered, preening. “Only certain weapons require kyber crystals like that, and from what I’ve learned from you, lightsabers are one of the few. And whatever it was, you said I had old criticisms. So really, there’s only one logical conclusion to come to.” After receiving little more than a quiet hum in response, Hux continued, “But...why do you want to make another one? I know it was lost on Starkiller, but is that really important enough to delay our arrival on Snoke’s planet even more than we already have?” Kylo made a tortured, gravelly sound, somewhere between a groan and a growl. “It’s difficult to explain, but yes , it is important enough, and nothing you say is going to change my mind, even though I know you hated my lightsaber. I need to do it for...personal reasons. I’d probably be doing this even if I still had my old one. I’m sorry, I know you’re probably angry and disappointed, but I just...I just need to do this, Hux. I’ll try not to use it when you’re around.” He looked vulnerable, morosely awaiting a verbal thrashing for something he felt so strongly about, and Hux felt a tiny pang of guilt as he took in the other man’s hunched shoulders. “Oh, Kylo...I had a problem with the fact that you systematically tore apart my ship with a dangerously unstable weapon, not that said weapon was a lightsaber specifically.” Kylo’s face brightened up a bit. “Really? You don’t think it’s stupid and outdated and unnecessary? I just assumed...” “Well, of course I do. Without your abilities, you’d be eviscerated the second you stepped into a battle with that flashy, melodramatic thing. But you have the Force. Who cares if it’s not as advanced as a blaster? You don’t need one. Technically, you don’t need a weapon at all. But it is attention-grabbing, and it’s really more of a symbolic, or...or traditional thing, isn’t it?” Kylo’s eyes were round and brimming with hope now, so easy to please. “Yes, exactly!” But before he could continue, a yellow alert appeared on the ship’s HUD, amber lights flashing throughout the cockpit. “Incoming communication from SN 942781. Incoming communication from SN 942781,” a monotonous, tinny-sounding voice droned. “Pfassk, I think that’s Colonel Petak’s serial.” Hux groaned. He slumped down in his seat as he dragged a hand over his face, conveniently blocking the ugly sight of Petak’s information as it popped up on their viewscreen, complete with a picture of him from when he first enlisted. He couldn’t have been older than twenty in the photo, wrinkles and flabbiness and premature greying still far on the horizon for him, and his strong jawline and cocky grin could almost be called handsome. Almost. “...It’s urgent,” Kylo said hesitantly when Hux made no move to respond. “That’s what yellow means, you know.” “I know what yellow means! Ugh, fine. Accept the comm.” He sat up straight again, quickly smoothing his hair back down and plastering a stern expression on his face. “Communication channel opened.” The fresh-faced Petak on the screen was replaced by a live feed of one with considerably less hair, and he was looking particularly anxious at the moment. “Colonel Petak! Was a single goodbye not sufficient for you?” “General Hux, Lord Ren! Um, I’m sorry to bother you, but, uh...I’ve just been informed that Captain—er, the former Captain, I mean prisoner number 358...Oh, hell. Phasma is missing, General. Her cell was just discovered empty after the guards changed shifts.” Hux and Kylo shared a look, and Hux let out a tiny sigh before turning his attention back to Petak. “How long has she been gone, exactly?” “Well, we—we don’t know exactly . All recordings in that sector were apparently disabled, the recorders are all fried, so it’s impossible to really—” “Colonel!” Hux snapped, “How often do the stormtroopers make their rounds past her cell?” “Oh! Uh...um...every thirty minutes. I think...” Petak answered, consulting his datapad. “...And when was she reported missing?” Hux queried, bracing his elbow on his armrest and propping up his head, levelling the Colonel with the kind of impatient, unimpressed look that could reduce new recruits to tears. Petak looked close to tears himself. “F— four minutes ago, sir.” “So use your damn head then, Petak. Obviously she escaped somewhere between four and thirty-four minutes ago.” “Unless she had help,” Kylo chimed in helpfully, leaning over toward Hux so Petak could see him too. “Yes, unless her guards were part of some bigger conspiracy,” Hux agreed. Turning away from the screen, he awarded Kylo a hint of a smile, too amused at the look of despair on Petak’s face to hold it in. “What sectors have you searched so far? She was a phenomenal sprinter, so she could have covered quite a distance, even in only four minutes.” “Um...just the cell block and surrounding area, sir.” “Oh, yes, of course. That’s what I’d do if I managed to break out from my prison cell: stay in the immediate area and wait to be found!” Kylo muttered from outside Petak’s view, derision blatant in his voice. “Well, how long have the recordings been disabled? Do you at least know that much?” Hux pressed. “Well, I, uh...I don’t know, exactly. Sir,” Petak mumbled. “I haven’t had anyone check yet.” He was interrupted by a yeoman spouting profuse apologies for interrupting, and then handed a datapad containing what Hux assumed was an important update on Phasma’s case. Petak’s eyes grew wider as he scanned it. Hux grinded his teeth loud enough for them to squeak. “So...you sent an urgent message to a ship that has nothing to do with all of this, rather than doing anything even remotely useful like starting a ship-wide search for her?” Hux scoffed, shaking his head. “You’re wasting your time here, Petak. I can’t help you. There’s literally nothing we can even do from our location.” “Yes, I suggest you don’t bother us again.” Kylo leaned back in and glared at Petak as he glanced up, pleased to see him immediately recoil from the sight. Petak passed the datapad back and held a brief, hushed exchange too quiet for the microphone to pick up, and as the yeoman was dismissed, Hux considered taking advantage of Petak’s distraction and just closing the comm channel. But as soon as the yeoman turned away, Petak whirled back toward the recorder, eyes suddenly narrowed and darting between the two of them. “You two don’t seem very surprised by this turn of events, if I may say so, sir.” His voice was cold, more serious than Hux could ever recall hearing from him. “A highly capable officer, trained in all manners of espionage and survival tactics, somehow managed to slip past your poor excuse for a security patrol? No, I can’t say I’m surprised at all.” Hux’s tone was sarcastic and biting, but Petak didn’t flinch as usual. “Really? So you’re saying you don’t know anything about this? Nothing whatsoever?” he said doubtfully. “Because I was just informed that the guards on patrol when Phasma broke out aren’t responding and are presumed to be AWOL too, just as you suggested. In fact, the last time anyone had eyes on them was shortly before your ship took off. Your unusually large, bulky transporter, full of storage space, at your behest. So if I were to send some of my officers after you—” Hux’s posture went from apathetic to menacing in an instant as he leaned forward, staring Petak down. “Then you’d be making a rather large mistake, Colonel, one that could jeopardize your reputation, if not your entire career. Those are some rather serious allegations you’re making,” Hux said, voice low but intense. His hand was gripping the armrest in a white-knuckled grip now, gloves creaking. “We’re still in range of the Finalizer. You can check our ship’s life sensors and verify for yourself that it’s just Lord Ren and myself here. Go ahead, we’ll wait.” Petak sputtered, face going red. “Oh, you think you’re so clever, don’t you!” “Generally speaking, yes, I do,” Hux answered, eyebrows raised. “But I assure you there’s nothing ‘clever’ about our current situation. You’re jumping to conclusions, Petak.” “You two seem to take me for a fool, but I’ll have you know that you can’t pull one over on me! You’re involved in this somehow, I know you are! You two were always sneaking around together, and you’ve been undermining my decisions left and right since I’ve taken over as commanding officer. Somehow, you arranged for her to be broken out.” “No, Colonel. Unlike you, I actually do my damn job. I don’t sit on my hands all day, unlike you. I don’t break rules, I don’t ignore protocol, I don’t approve of traitors, deserters, or mutineers, and I do not initiate jailbreaks while en route to the Supreme Leader himself, you ninny. If she escaped, it was only through your own incompetence. Now, I’m going to have to ask you to stop this ludicrous—” “No, she escaped because of you! I know you have something to do with this, and I’m going to get to the bottom of it one way or another. I’ll even bet old bucket-head there rigged it all up, since you’ve got him eating out of the palm of your hand just like everybody else you’ve sucked up to! What’d it finally take to get on his good side, huh? A good, hard—” “Colonel! That’s enough! ” Hux slammed his hand down onto the armrest, baring his teeth like a wild animal. He may have been removed from active duty, but he was still a general, damn it. There’s no way he was going to just sit there and let an inferior talk to him like that. “Is it, Hux? Is it enough? Because there’s no karking way you were made general without tossing your dad’s name around and sleeping your way through the ranks.” Hux was pissed, and a Colonel Petak who finally reached his limit and snapped was a surprisingly frightening sight, but even combined, their anger paled in comparison to Kylo’s formidable wrath, it seemed. Halfway through a crude remark about what Hux’s pretty lips would probably be good for, he gave a quiet, choked-off gasp, eyes bulging as he frantically clawed at his throat. “The General asked you to stop, Petak.” Hux couldn’t decide which was a better sight: Petak’s face quickly cycling from his usual space-bleached white to scarlet to a delicate tinge of blue, or Kylo scowling beside him with a particularly murderous look of deep concentration, right hand outstretched. Both had their merits, after all. But when Petak’s movements slowed and his eyelids began drooping, Hux felt the need to step in, if only to prevent another black mark on his record. “I think he’s learned his lesson, Lord Ren...Are you listening to me? Ren. Release the Colonel this instant!” If anything, Kylo increased the pressure on Petak’s windpipe, his fingers twitching minutely inward. His eyes never left the video feed of the man’s exhausted face. Giving up on all pretense of professionalism, Hux smacked him on the arm, whispering a harsh “Kylo!” under his breath. Kylo waited a beat, turning to Hux at last and giving him an appraising look, before finally releasing the tension in his arm. A flurry of desperate coughs erupted from the man on the screen shortly after. “If you value your life, never let me hear you talking to the General like that ever again. Don’t talk about him, either. In fact, I don’t want you to even think about him. I’ll know if you do, Colonel,” Kylo spat, not even giving Petak a chance to catch his breath enough to look his way. “And I’m sure the Supreme Leader would be very interested in what just happened here. Enjoy your last few days on the Finalizer, Petak. Don’t hail us again.” He immediately terminated the call without waiting for a response. “...Well that was interesting.” Kylo frowned. “You call being accused of exchanging sexual favors for promotions interesting? Strange, I call that slander, Hux.” “I’ve had worse accusations made about my moral integrity,” Hux said with a nonchalant shrug. “I was talking about you , though, not that miserable bantha tick. I didn’t realize you could do that from such a distance. I’m rather impressed, to be honest.” “Oh,” Kylo mumbled, having the audacity to look sheepish about his attempted murder. “Neither did I, actually. I didn’t really think it was going to work...I guess I got a little carried away.” “Mmm, I suppose. But he won’t be making a mistake like that again any time soon, so really, it was quite an effective teaching method...But you normally have to be fairly close to do it, correct? You’re always in the same room, as far as I can tell.” “I don’t have to be that close. I choked someone from the opposite end of the ship before. Even someone on the same planet would be a feasible target. But someone as far away as the Finalizer, while we’re constantly moving farther and farther away? That’s normally beyond even my scope of talent.” “Hmm... was it because you could actually see him in real time? Could that do it? Oh, or maybe it’s because you have such strong mental ties with the Finalizer now, so it’s easier to hone in on…” “Or maybe it’s just because I’m here with you. Like I’ve been saying…” “Yes, yes, I’m a wonderfully mysterious source of strength for you. Well if that’s the kind of power we’re talking about, I’m certainly not complaining. Thank you for dealing with him.” Hux swooped in, giving Kylo a brief peck on the lips. As disturbing as the old memory of being Force choked by Kylo was, seeing it happen to someone he despised brought him nothing but pure pleasure, and witnessing Kylo in his prime always got his libido going, appropriate timing or not. “Just for curiosity’s sake, though...was he right? Were you involved in her escape? I have a nagging suspicion you’re connected, somehow.” Kylo blinked a few times before suddenly launching himself at Hux without a word. He clambered onto Hux’s lap, wedging his knees in the gap between the seat’s armrests and Hux’s thighs, and began peppering his face and neck with sloppy, open-mouthed kisses. “Kylo! What the hell —” “Can you keep a secret, General?” Kylo murmured against his throat. “W— what?” Hux asked breathily, holding back a blissful sigh as Kylo suckled at the spot under his ear. “I said ‘can you keep a secret?’” Kylo pulled away to give him a cheeky grin. Despite the lust fogging his brain, Hux still had enough wits about him to be wary of the glint in his eye. “What are you trying to do, distract me so I won’t remember my own name, let alone your secret?” Kylo snorted, ducking his head and nosing along Hux’s clothed collarbone. “No, just hoping to keep you entertained while we’re talking so hopefully someone else won’t hear it.” His fingers wandered to Hux’s tunic, unzipping it and deftly unbuttoning the shirt underneath until he could get a hand inside. “...Ah.” Snoke, of course. It made sense. He seemed to avoid any memories raunchier than a quick smooch while rifling through their thoughts, so it was a safe enough assumption to think he’d miss Kylo’s reveal. He let out a quiet gasp as cold fingers brushed against his nipple, effectively distracting him from thoughts of Snoke. “So anyways,” Kylo started, pausing to nibble on Hux’s clavicle, “I technically didn’t have anything to do with her escape.” He shifted back, only to engage Hux in a passionate kiss that left him whining when Kylo pulled away again. “I did, however, punish one of her most loyal troopers with two weeks of prison guard duty when he stepped on my robe in the hall, and got in an argument with two more of her former troopers over who reserved one of the recreation rooms, and that landed them in the same position.” Both hands made their way inside Hux’s open shirt now, pinching and tugging at his nipples and making his toes curl in spite of how much he was trying to stay focused on Kylo’s story. He tangled his fingers in Kylo’s hair and allowed his eyes to slip shut. A sudden nip on one of the sensitive buds had them flying back open again and a yelp escaping from his mouth, however. “Hux, darling, are you even listening? I’m trying to answer your question here.” “Yes! Yes, I’m listening. Please, continue,” Hux nearly shouted, grinding his stiffening dick against Kylo’s ass as subtly as he could manage. Kylo seemed to sense his desperation and shuffled back enough to reach down and squeeze him through his jodhpurs. “Hmm, okay. If you say so. Well, one of the cameras in a different sector happened to malfunction because the wiring was old and fraying, and nobody noticed for days until the security tapes needed to be checked because of a reported altercation. Remember that?” At Hux’s quick nod, he undid Hux’s trousers and continued, “I reminded them that the prisoners’ sector had even older wiring, and suggested that they might want to take a look at all of them, because those tapes are hardly ever checked for anything. Security’s so strong there, nothing ever really happens.” Hux hissed as Kylo pulled out his cock and exposed it to the ship’s chilly air, and again when his calloused hand enveloped the head, nearly searing in its heat. “That’s all it took for them to come up with a plan?” he panted. The way Kylo’s fingers merely danced over his cock, scarcely touching his skin for more than a second at a time and with virtually no friction, was doing nothing to slake his lust. “Oh, that’s right,” Kylo laughed, the mischievous sparkle back in his eye, “When one of them talked back, I also put them in charge of checking the wiring in hangar 8C, that tiny supplemental one nobody ever uses. And I warned them to be extra careful because mixing up the wires would sometimes shut down the entire hall’s recorders. Did you know that the computers in that hangar are so old, it’s laughably easy for someone to hack into them and release a ship for takeoff without raising any alarms? Really, that whole area is terribly outdated.” “You beautiful, clever thing, making them do all the thinking for themselves...But one of her men was already being watched closely.” Hux pulled back a fraction, distracted by his anxiety. “Some of the officers suspected he was overly loyal to Phasma and might try something foolhardy like overriding the prison system’s computers and opening her cell. He went by ‘Slice,’ and he was certainly capable of it. If you knowingly sent him to patrol her area...Well, you’d have a hard time arguing your innocence, wouldn’t you?. So who were those troopers, exactly?” “Why, I haven’t the foggiest.” Kylo blinked down at him with wide eyes, all faux innocence and sweetness. “They all look alike with those helmets, after all. It’s not like I ever had any reason to know who was under there or care what their nicknames were, right? The stormtroopers were always your business, not mine.” He leaned back in, biting at Hux’s kiss-swollen lip and swirling a thumb over the head of his cock. “I take back everything I said about your strategical expertise,” Hux panted, barely enough space between Kylo’s lips and his own to form the words in. “You’re…” He trailed off into a groan, unable to finish his sentence when Kylo began stroking him in earnest. “...A genius? Yeah, I know,” Kylo chuckled. His next words weren’t mocking or amused, however, but spoken with absolute sincerity. “But not like you, Bren. I just do the dirty, behind-the scenes work, and you...you’re a natural born leader. You’re perfect. ” The praise was whispered directly in Hux’s ear, followed by a sharp nip to the lobe, and that was all it took. He came without warning, come spurting lazily over Kylo’s fingers and dripping down onto his own slacks, which neither had gotten around to pushing down his legs yet. “Pfassk,” Hux muttered, throwing his arm over his eyes, mortified at how quickly he came from a kriffing handjob and some cheesy compliments. Distantly, he felt Kylo peel himself away and resume his previous position in the pilot’s seat at Hux’s side. More importantly, he felt his own cheeks begin to heat up. Stealing a glance at Kylo from the shadow of his arm, his humiliation only grew tenfold when he met his eye and saw his amused expression. “On edge, General?” Kylo asked, eyebrow raised. He was smart enough not to outright laugh in Hux’s face, but the smile was evident in his voice. “Shut up,” Hux growled, “or I’ll leave you to finish yourself off.” Throwing his arm down and back onto the armrest where it belonged, he swiveled his chair and leered at Kylo, as intimidatingly as he could manage with flushed cheeks and his trousers and prick glazed with drying semen. “We wouldn’t want that, would we?” Kylo swallowed, a tiny noise made deafening in the drawn out silence. “No, sir.” “That’s what I thought.” Hux smirked, sliding off his chair to kneel at Kylo’s feet. “Most never have the opportunity to put someone so ‘perfect’ in such a compromising position, Lord Ren. I wouldn’t waste it, if I were you.” Kylo shook his head, thumbing at Hux’s lip. “No. No, I intend to take full advantage of this opportunity, believe me.” He looked away to fumble with his robes, hiking up the layers and pushing swathes of fabric out of the way, and when he finally looked back at Hux after shoving his leggings down to where they disappeared inside his boots, the cocky, smug look was gone. In its place was a goofy smile, almost embarrassed. The moment was broken. Hux snorted, shaking his head at Kylo’s awkward display. No one else’s incompetencies could ever be so endearing rather than enraging. Did his brain even function properly anymore, or did his raging hormones have complete and utter control now? Not in the mood to sulk about his feelings again, Hux leaned in to nuzzle Kylo’s groin. “I meant it about taking advantage, though,” Kylo said, sucking in a sharp breath and weaving his fingers in Hux’s hair when he began flicking his tongue over his balls. “I hope you don’t mind, sir.” “Oh, I demand it, Ren.” The flicking continued up Kylo’s shaft and over the flushed head of his cock, before Hux pulled away one last time to whisper, “Don’t disappoint me.” He immediately worked Kylo down his throat, purposely gagging himself just to hear Kylo moan. “Gods, you’re perfect,” Kylo breathed, voice shaky. When Hux all but purred in approval, he tightened his grip on his ginger locks, and then, emboldened by another positive response, tentatively thrust upward into his mouth. When no complaint came forth, he pushed deeper on the next thrust, then deeper still. As Kylo’s movements slowly became less controlled and more animalistic, Hux closed his eyes and groaned, sliding the flat of his tongue against Kylo’s frenulum with each pass. Eventually, Kylo needed little input from him at all, resorting to holding his head in place and frantically fucking his mouth like a beast in rut, and Hux began to focus more on keeping his aching jaw and throat relaxed rather than finesse. Kylo certainly didn’t seem to mind. A neverending stream of curses issued forth from his mouth, interspersed with choked off whining and high pitched moans. “Oh! Oh gods, Hux, I’m close! W— where do you want me to come?” What a stupid question, Hux thought. Kylo didn’t look like he’d be able to pull out even if Hux actually wanted him to. He blinked a few times before looking up at Kylo, giving him an exasperated, questioning glare. “Kriff—!” Kylo slammed in all the way to the hilt, pelvis rhythmically rolling against Hux’s face as he came down his throat, so deep Hux could barely taste more than a lingering bitterness at the back of his tongue. “Damn, I meant to come on your chest, that way you’d have a matching set,” he slurred as he came down from his high, gesturing at Hux’s crotch. “But you know what that bitchy look does to me.” “Don’t you dare defile my uniform any further!” Hux began to tuck his forgotten member back in his trousers, then, upon realizing the stain was a lost cause, stripped the offending garment off completely. “I need to go clean these off. For once, I commend the inventor of the sonic shower.” Squeezing his way into a shower cubicle barely tall enough for him to fit in, Hux threw his uniform on the floor and turned it on, vigorously scrubbing his hands over his hair and body to loosen up all the grime and dead skin. It was convenient, but hardly relaxing. Already he found himself thinking wistfully about the warmth and steam and herbal shampoo his shower back on the Finalizer provided him. It seemed Kylo missed it, too. He was leaning in the doorway when Hux finished up and turned around, blatantly eyeing his body. “Hmm. I didn’t realize what a turn-on it was to see you with wet hair and a towel around your hips until now. I miss the sight already.” After a brief, awkward shuffle, the two managed to trade places, with Kylo stepping into the shower and Hux standing at the sink, finger-combing his un-gelled hair back in place. “Yeah, well, get used to it,” Hux muttered, suddenly bitter. He scowled at his own reflection. “I have a feeling you won’t be seeing me like that for a long time.” Chapter 2 : heard of it before suddenly want it. Notes: Forgot to mention last time that even though Phasma escaped, she's not really going be in this. I just wanted to give her some proper closure instead of just forgetting about her. Sorry if you were looking forward to her :( Also, remember how I gave Hux his first name before he was ever given an official one? I wrote his backstory in much the same way. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Locking his nearly complete lightsaber hilt in an empty compartment, Kylo considered the rest of the scraps and miscellaneous tools littering his makeshift workshop. Most of it was actually quite useless when it came to lightsaber assembly. He’d planned ahead and grabbed whatever he could get his hands on before their departure, and despite the relative lack of spare resources in the wake of Starkiller’s destruction, he had a good assortment of materials to work with for his next project. “How averse are you to the idea of defacing military property?” he called out. “Our own military’s? Extremely. In fact, I can recall it being a choice subject of our arguments over the years. Why?” “Because once we land, I’m pretty sure I can upgrade this ship from a Class 7 to somewhere around a Class 5, maybe a little lower. I’d basically have to tear the engine apart and take out some of the illumi-strips, though. I would have done it before we left, but everyone’s so uptight about these things, I didn’t want to upset Petak or disgrace you in front of your crew or whatever.” Kylo peeked around the doorway to their shared sleeping quarters to gauge Hux’s reaction. Last he’d seen him, the other man had been reclining on his bed and reading some dry, historical biography. He was in much the same position as before, save for the frown on his face as he seemed to mull over the pros and cons of technically committing a military crime. He set the datapad down after a moment and shifted to lie back and massage his temples instead. “Fine. I suppose the reduced travel time is worth it, in the end.” Hux answered. “Oh, good! I was going to do it regardless, but your approval makes things easier. We should be landing in just a few minutes, by the way.” Kylo retreated to the cockpit to monitor their progress, but turned back at the sound of socked footsteps coming down the short hall. “The hyperdrive inhibitor seems to be overly sensitive, as well. The engineers must have erred well on the side of caution, but I’m confident I can tweak it without sacrificing our safety. We’ve hardly engaged the hyperdrive at all since we left,” Hux grumbled. “I can help you with the rest, too. It’s been a few years since I’ve had to actually touch the inner wiring of a starship myself, but this thing’s so old that should hardly be a problem.” “Good, good,” Kylo mumbled, memories of the lightning fast, frequently-modified Millennium Falcon springing forth to bog him down, as usual. He’d spent many an hour in his youth working on its engine side-by-side with his father. Would having Hux as his new co-mechanic make this project easier on him, or harder? Unable to make a confident prediction, he fell into silence, brooding and struggling to focus on piloting them closer to their destination “Oh...it looks... cold. ” The planet was in full view now in all its icy glory. Hux’s nose was wrinkled in distaste when Kylo glanced over at him, immediately brightening his mood. He’d never seen Hux with a red, sniffly nose and wind-chapped cheeks framing his petulant face, but it sounded humiliatingly adorable. “Probably because it is,” Kylo answered. “The majority of Bacab is a tundra, and it’s almost winter right now in the region where we’ll be landing. The temperature should be in the negatives.” “Ugh. I hate the cold…” Hux’s bitter complaint trailed off as he returned to the sleeping quarters for his boots, lined up at the foot of his bunk. “Don’t forget that you can actually use the sleeves on that greatcoat of yours, Hux! They’re there for a reason!” Kylo called back, chuckling at the muffled swear he received in response. “You just have to create a barrier between you and the rest of the environment. That’ll keep out the wind, and then your body heat—” “Kylo, please. It’s too cold for lessons right now,” Hux said, burrowing his nose deeper into his scarf. “I’m getting the chills just looking at you.” “But that’s the thing! It doesn’t matter what I’m wearing! I could be naked and still be nice and warm right now! I can extend the shield to you, if you’d prefer.” “No, I’m fine. I’ll just keep warm the old-fashioned way, thank you very much.” They trudged on in comfortable silence for a while, working their way over the rocky, karstic landscape, too uneven for them to land any closer to the cave system Kylo was interested in. There was no snow in their area, luckily. Still, the ground was frozen solid, and the winds occasionally built up into bitterly cold, unforgiving gales that felt like a battering ram as they whipped against his shield. “So...what’s Snoke like in person?” Kylo snorted at Hux’s forced casual air, when it was clear he was dying for information. Hux hated heading into a situation uninformed. “Well...He’s interesting. That’s the best way to describe him, honestly. He commands attention and respect whenever he’s in the room, and his force aura is downright unusual. I’ve never felt anything like it. It’s... intense. His citadel is comfortable enough, though. I was worried he’d be living off the land like a hermit, but it was all very modern.” “And what did your training entail? Was it anything like our lessons together?” “No...not exactly. I already had Force training from Skywalker, don’t forget.” He tried picturing Snoke coaching him through the motions of pushing little blocks around, the mental imagery making him laugh under his breath. He was strong from the start, but had little finesse as a child, wreaking havoc on any and every training room he occupied. Snoke would have throttled him long before he made any progress. “So then...what was the first thing he had you do?” “The first thing? Uh...my very first task was disposing of the body of his previous apprentice, actually.” Kylo chose to answer honestly, despite his subconscious fighting like hell against the decision. The jovial mood was broken, and quite abruptly at that, but Hux deserved to hear the full answers to all of his questions, as disturbing as they were. He didn’t want to risk giving Hux the impression that Snoke was someone to be taken lightly. Speaking of Hux...He’d vanished from his peripherals. Kylo turned around curiously, only to find Hux frozen in place a few paces behind him, a horrified expression contorting his features. “Bren? I’m sorry, I shouldn’t—” “He—he had a previous apprentice? And he killed him?!” “Well, I don’t know for sure; I mean, he could have died of natural causes, or—” “Oh gods,” Hux moaned, “How stupid of me! I never even considered the possibility that you were going to be put to death!” His gloved hands flew up to tear at his hair. “Hey, calm down,” Kylo said quietly, wrestling with Hux’s hands to keep them still. “I still believe you’re in the clear, but I think we both at least considered the possibility that we were being summoned to our death.” “And you?” Hux asked, his voice a brittle whisper, “Are you in the clear? He needs you to win this war, doesn’t he? Surely he wouldn’t cut off his nose to spite his face.” Kylo hesitated for a moment. Hux was entitled to the truth, but his eyes suddenly looked so vulnerable, and Kylo balked at being the one to break his composure, to cause the hurt and despair that would undoubtedly appear on the man’s face. “Not...necessarily,” he answered carefully, “He technically wouldn’t need me if he got his hands on another good Force user, like the scavenger from Jakku. She’s untrained, but impressively strong. But that’s not going to happen!” he added on quickly as Hux’s breathing started to speed up to dangerous levels. “I’m going to push myself harder than ever before and complete my training, prove myself worthy and indispensable to our cause.” “But why didn’t you mention any of that? You talked me out of worrying about my execution, but forgot to say that you were at risk!” “That’s why I was so adamant that you were safe, Hux. I knew I was the more likely target for his wrath. I was just...trying to protect you. Sorry. I should have known better than to keep it from you.” Hux sighed, averting his eyes. Eventually, his breathing slowed enough for him to begin walking again, and they continued in silence for a few minutes, punctuated by a few quiet sniffles from beneath Hux’s scarf. “Kylo, why are we doing this?” When Kylo looked over in surprise, Hux’s eyes weren’t distraught like he expected, but merely attentive, if not annoyed. “What do you mean?” Kylo asked, trying to interpret Hux’s unusual expression. It probably would have been easier if he could see below the bridge of his nose. “Why is having a lightsaber so important right now? Even if it’s symbolic, I...I just don’t understand what we’re here for. All we’re really doing is drawing this whole thing out and possibly making things worse. Knowing what your punishment may or may not be...how are the stress and uncertainty of it all not eating away at you? At this point, I just want my part to be over and done with.” “I…” He floundered, struggling to voice his more shameful feelings and thoughts as of late instead of burying them even deeper. “I can’t just show up to my Master empty-handed, alright? Not after all my failures and shortcomings. I’ll gladly face death or whatever else lies in store for me with dignity, but I will not return to Master Snoke with absolutely nothing to show for my efforts. If I have a new lightsaber, at least I’ll have accomplished something worthwhile since that Resistance pilot escaped.” Hux drew in a breath, but in the end, graciously opted to stay silent and allow Kylo to continue. “I’d prefer to make a synthetic crystal like last time, but without time or a proper compressor...this will have to do. I’m afraid you won’t be seeing much of me for the next two days. I’ll have to meditate nonstop in order to prepare it, which is why the timing is so important here. Your lightsaber...it’s like an extension of yourself. You pour your own personality into it, and the whole thing essentially embodies who you were at the time it was made, like a physical representation of your catharsis. And I need that catharsis, Hux. I need to come to terms with everything. After all that’s happened...I’m not really the same person anymore. At all. Using my old lightsaber wouldn’t feel right anymore.” After a few beats, Hux spoke softly, just loud enough for Kylo to hear over the whistling winds, “You’re still the same to me. You’re just...shedding your insecurities, maximizing your potential. If what happened on Starkiller changed you at all, it was for the better, I assure you.” He let out a deep sigh, as if finally accepting the unpleasant realities of their situation himself. “But enough about that...The apprentice, was he our age?” “A little younger,” Kylo murmured, appreciating the change of subject. “He somehow looked so much older though, like he was utterly exhausted. Like death was more of a relief than anything else.” “You sure you’re not just being melodramatic? You’re so damn young -looking, Kylo. Not everyone has access to anti-aging creams, either. Maybe you were using yourself as a baseline and he just looked his age.” Hux’s lips quirked up in a small smile, and Kylo found his face responding in kind as he replied, “Oh, look who’s talking. You know, the first time I met you, I was expecting some burly, middle aged, battle-scarred man? Imagine my surprise when the General turned out to be a young, pretty little thing with ginger hair! I was pretty upset, actually. Totally unprepared. Nobody warned me you were going to be cute!” The scarf provided tactical coverage of Hux’s cheeks, but his ears still flushed pink, despite the angry cant of his eyebrows. “I’m not cute, Kylo! And you! For the longest time, I wondered what deformity you were hiding under the helmet. I actually became quite suspicious that you weren’t human and that I was playing host to some sort of lowlife. The first time I walked into the mess hall and saw you without the mask...I was completely blown away. I’d never considered the possibility that you were my age, and devastatingly handsome, at that. I was angry at myself for being caught off guard, at everyone else in the room for seeing you first, at you for making me feel attracted and hiding such an appealing face for so long…” “Oh, so that’s why you looked so pissed and just stormed off without eating. I figured you thought it was unprofessional to take my helmet off in public or something.” “Quite the opposite, I’m afraid,” Hux sighed. “I was in over my head from that point on. I truly hated you in the beginning. Then the more I came to know you, the more I tried to convince myself that you were maybe mildly attractive on a good day, but I’m a terrible liar when it comes to myself, it seems.” “Still better than me. I fell for you on day one, when I really wasn’t supposed to.” “Oh, don’t blame yourself. You didn’t stand a chance in the face of such perfection,” Hux laughed. “Have any other embarrassing secrets you’d like to announce? Confessions to make?” “Yeah, actually. That time you tripped over your own feet and fell in front of everyone on the bridge? That was me. You were being an ass that day and chewed me out in front of everyone, and I felt like being passive agressive. I’m sorry. You kinda deserved it, though.” “I knew it! You insufferable brat!” Hux’s voice was teasing and affectionate despite the jibe, and Kylo couldn’t resist the sudden urge to pull down the scarf enough to press his lips against Hux’s pleasantly warm ones. As Hux made a soft noise of surprise, Kylo pushed forward insistently, suddenly wanting Hux so much in that moment he almost wished to consume him. It wasn’t even a desire for sex, just a desire for Hux. He settled for kissing with such fervor he struggled to breathe instead. They stayed that way for a while, so caught up in each other that time was meaningless, but eventually their kisses slowed and became something more languorous, if no less passionate. “I love you, Hux. I know you don’t like to hear it but in a few days’ time it won’t even be possible to, and I—I just want you to know that, okay?” Kylo moved far enough away to look Hux in the eye. Hux gave a quiet hum in response before closing the gap between them once more, eyes fluttering shut as he pressed an exceedingly gentle kiss to Kylo’s swollen lips. He sighed, any lingering tension dissipating into the air alongside his breath. When he opened his eyes again, they were contemplative, serene. “You know that mansion in my dreams?” Hux asked, derailing Kylo’s thoughts on his delicate features that were beginning to wax poetic. “I only lived there for a few years before we had to flee to the Unknown Regions. It’s the only memory I have of living planetside, not including the Academy, and I don’t even recall enjoying being anchored to one spot like that. But I miss it sometimes. Sometimes, I can’t wait until this war is over so I can finally go on shore leave for the first time, visit some remote vacation spot and just laze about, doing absolutely nothing productive but enjoying myself with the man I...the man who means more to me than I ever thought possible.” “Somewhere nicer than here, I hope,” Kylo said with a watery laugh, leaning back in to nuzzle at Hux and kiss along his jawline. “Oh, definitely. Somewhere warm and sunny. Tropical, even. And you can’t wear your stupid robes, even if you can shield yourself from the heat. Deal?” “Deal. I’ll be looking forward to it.” After one last kiss, they wordlessly agreed to get back to work, shrugging off the affectionate mood that had settled over them and going back to hiking in relative quiet. They walked close enough now that their hands brushed together on occasion. “See that cave up there?” Kylo asked after several minutes, grabbing Hux’s arm to stop him in his path and pointing at one of many small openings in the cliff up ahead. “That’s the one; I can feel it.” “I don’t feel anything,” Hux frowned. “They’re all full of kyber crystals. You can feel the shift in the Force over there, like it’s denser around the caves. That one is calling to me, though.” Hux hmmphed skeptically. “Try seeing if you can concentrate and sense it while I’m gone,” Kylo suggested. “Or take a look in there yourself. I probably won’t be responsive while I’m meditating, but it won’t bother me if you come in and look around, or even talk, as long as you’re quiet. You can get out of the wind that way, too. Maybe you could even pick out a crystal for yourself! You’ll know if it’s the right one.” “I think I’ll just...explore the area, if you don’t mind. I don’t really fancy the idea of spending the afternoon in a cramped, dank little cave. It’s probably filthy in there.” He sniffed and turned away, shoving his hands deep in his pockets. “Suit yourself,” Kylo said with a reluctant shrug. He’d forgotten about Hux’s apparent unease with dark, enclosed places, a major oversight on his part. He would have been more comfortable back on the ship. Dwelling on the matter and kicking himself for letting Hux walk him to the cave only came with the risk of screwing up another lightsaber, though. He’d simply have to make it up to him later. It only took a few minutes for Kylo to pull himself up to the cave’s entrance, and although he was calm and relaxed by the time he made it, he still paused to take a few cleansing breaths before stepping past the threshold. He was entering hallowed ground. It was cold inside. Shockingly cold, as if his personal bubble of warmth had dissolved away in the wake of such concentrated Force energy. It was quiet, too, the howling winds all but nonexistent and his footsteps muffled as he walked along the pebbled floor. But Kylo hardly even noticed what his senses were telling him, not when the sight of countless sharp, glittering crystals carpeted the walls and ceiling, sprouting from every nook and cranny. They were beautiful. The cave swallowed up what little outside sunlight came in, but the opalescent crystals seemed to exude their own ethereal light. He spun around slowly, not even caring that his jaw was agape and his eyes wide open. Nobody told him there would be so many. Why would anyone choose to make their own crystal and willingly deprive themselves of such a sight? How was he supposed to pick just one? How was he supposed to meditate right now? Dumbly, he reached out to brush his fingers against the nearest clump of gems, overwhelmed with a blind desire to possess . With a shout, he snatched his hand back, the kyber crystals’ magic spell broken instantaneously. They were freezing. Literally. Never before had he touched something so cold it actually hurt. He ripped off his glove and anxiously inspected his fingers for signs of frostbite, but luckily the only damage was a reddening of their pads, a slight throbbing pain. A warning not to get greedy and take what wasn’t rightfully his. Stumbling onward, he looked for a suitable spot to meditate in, somewhere flat enough for him to sit comfortably. He collapsed weakly onto the first open patch he found, panting slightly. His hands were shaking. Out of fear? Dread? Nervous excitement? He couldn’t be sure, but found he didn’t want to waste time on introspection. Drawing himself up into a proper seated position, he closed his eyes, took a slow, deep breath, and let his consciousness slip away. There was no way of knowing how much time had passed before he heard the scrabbling of boots over rocks by the entrance, what with how deathly still the air inside the cave was. But judging by the chattering of Hux’s teeth, he’d been there for a while. He listened to Hux’s sharp gasp as he came inside, unable to resist the way the other man’s mind tugged at his, so much sharper than the fuzzy pull of the crystals. He hadn’t been making much progress on identifying which individual one was calling to him. “Oh, they’re actually quite pretty, aren’t they? The ones used in weaponry are a lower grade, I suppose. The bigger ones are riddled with impurities, but these almost look polished.” Hux was muttering to himself, curiously exploring the cave. Kylo could sense him as he moved about. “Oh, there you are. I hope you were telling the truth when you said I wouldn’t distract you, because I couldn’t stay out there another minute. What a miserable climate.” He shuffled past Kylo, heading deeper into the cave system, but being careful to pause and take note at every fork and split, constantly looking back over his shoulder to keep track of where he came from. Kylo floundered. He wanted to trail Hux, mentally watch over him and see what had him so interested, but the pull of the crystal was finally growing stronger now, insistently tugging him in the opposite direction. With an inaudible sigh, he turned to follow the crystal instead, allowing his connection with Hux to fade to little more than a wisp. The kyber crystal, his crystal...it was nearby. He rose up on stiff legs, obeyed the urge to shamble forward with bleary eyes, to take the right fork, left fork, middle tunnel...The crystal’s hold on him was so cold it burned, and yet it felt strangely good, like...coming home. His bare fingers wrapped around a seemingly random crystal, and for a blind moment, it felt like Hux, like blending his mind with that of his counterpart, like happiness and perfection and utter rightness all at once. The feeling mellowed down in an instant. It was something a little more normal now, just a deep-seated knowledge that this was the correct one. With a bit of gentle pressure from the Force, he separated it from the rest of the cluster, tucking his prize securely in his tunic’s pocket. Seeking out Hux’s Force signature to meet up with him at last, he began to navigate through the labyrinthine tunnels, feeling more at ease than he had in a long time. And yet, something still wasn’t quite right. “Found it, then?” Hux asked, not bothering to turn to look at Kylo as he rounded the corner. “Mmhmm. I think...I think there’s more than one in here for me, though. This one was definitely mine, but it feels...like we’re not supposed to leave quite yet. Maybe I’m destined to crack one again.” “It wouldn’t surprise me if you required two, for some reason. You’re what we in this business like to call ‘high maintenance.’ Come here.” He beckoned for Kylo to move in closer, and as he pressed up against Hux’s back and wrapped his arms about his waist, he finally caught a glimpse of what had the man so entranced. “What do you make of this?” “Hmm...Even people who aren’t Force sensitive can often recognize that the ‘energy’ is different in places like this, or at least recognize the beauty in the crystals. It wouldn’t be that weird for an ancient group of people to be drawn to these caves,” Kylo said, keeping his voice low out of respect for the cave’s previous occupants. The wall before them had swathes of smooth stone breaking up the clumps of gems. They were faint, but there were definite glyphs of some sort present on the flattest areas, crude little squiggles of what looked to be writing. Surrounding them were faded, schizodactyl handprints, layers of them painted in various earthy shades on every inch of free space. “You...you don’t think it’s related to that rock slab I found before, do you?” Hux asked hesitantly. “Only...I was drawn to this spot. Not as obviously as last time, but heading so deep into unknown territory, and so confidently...I wasn’t acting like myself, I don’t think.” He couldn’t see Hux’s expression from where they were pressed cheek-to-cheek, but Kylo could feel the frown forming on his face and turned to give him a peck. “Sometimes Force users have a little talent, something they can do beyond their usual skill level. Maybe your special gift is accidentally tracking down hieroglyphs.” He laughed quietly, kissing Hux once more to make up for his teasing. Hux tsked at him, but leaned into Kylo’s touch a bit. “I was being serious, you twit.” “Hey, I was too! Sort of. It’s just...we’re dozens of lightyears away from the planet where you found that thing. Don’t you think it’s a little unlikely that they’re related, when we haven’t come across any references to counterparts anywhere else?” “Yes, obviously. But the way it lured me in…” “There’s some very strong Force energy in here. Maybe it sensed that you had previous experience and interest in studying markings like these, or that you would appreciate the mystery they presented, or maybe whoever made them just wanted to be remembered and acknowledged after their death. Who knows? The Force works in mysterious ways sometimes.” “I suppose you’re right. But still…” He nudged Kylo’s arms off of him, undoing his layers until he could tuck his gloves away and pull his datapad from an inner pocket. “I can’t resist. If you’re going to be meditating for several days straight, I’ll need something to kill time, right?” He held it up, taking a few pictures. “Alright, now we can go.” “Not yet,” Kylo answered, blinking away the afterimage of the datapad’s flash and blindly groping for Hux’s hand before he could leave. “I still need to find the other crystal, remember?” “Oh, good lord. Fine. Here, I’ll help you.” He began wandering around, scrutinizing the crystals littering the walls. “Hux, that’s not—” “Hush, I want to get back to the ship before it gets too dark to see what we’re doing. I’m doing more than you right now, for what it’s worth.” “Yeah, but it’s not going to—” “Aha! How about that one? It’s not the biggest one here, but it’s a nice-looking one.” Kylo whirled around, heart seizing up in horror as he saw Hux’s bare finger just millimeters away from the cave’s wall, and fast approaching. He was nearly frost burned through his thick, lightsaber-resistant gloves. What kind of damage would be inflicted on bare skin? Hux’s index finger firmly smushed itself against the crystal he had his eyes on before he could get a word about, but to Kylo’s surprise, there was no shout of pain or confusion, just a rude jabbing motion as Hux tapped it authoritatively a few times. “This one here. See? It’s flawless! I think this is the best candidate.” “Um...okay.” Confused beyond all reason, Kylo moved in close and separated the stubby little thing from the rest, catching it in his exposed palm. “Why are you...cowering?” Kylo opened eyes he had no memory of closing and straightened back up from his instinctive, protective crouch he’d taken on in anticipation of instant frostbite. “Oh, uh...no reason,” he mumbled. He slipped Hux’s crystal into his pocket next to the first, trying to make sense of what had just happened. The nagging feeling that they had unfinished business had dissipated as soon as the crystal fell into his hand, and although there was no momentary sensation of rightness accompanying the contact this time, the crystal had still felt warm and comforting. “That’s it then, yes? We’re done in here?” “Yeah...yeah, I guess so.” He took the lead on the way out, and their hike back to the Umbra was quiet, with Kylo too distracted to give more than monosyllabic answers to Hux’s idle chitchat. “Upgrades done! We’re more like a Class 4.75 now, provided we ever actually get to engage the hyperdrive. How’s your part coming along?” “Not so good,” Hux spat, giving the ship’s wiring a murderous glare. “There’s only so much I can do when this engine wasn’t really intended to enter hyperspace for extended bouts of time. I improved it somewhat, but it looks like we’re still in for a long journey.” “Oh well. We’ll be able to fly a little faster now even without the hyperdrive, at least,” Kylo answered, secretly relieved. He wasn’t sure he was ready to face Snoke in just a few hours, not so soon after discovering how pleasant it was to work next to Hux like this. “I learned all about assembly and routine maintenance, but they didn’t exactly tell us how to jury rig an engine with just a handful of scraps at the Academy,” Hux said with a wry smirk as he began replacing panels. “I suppose this all comes more naturally to someone as ruggedly streetsmart as you?” “Uh...You could say that. Solo was a smuggler, and knew every trick in the book to bypass safety measures and make quick fixes to gain a bit of speed. Our ship was practically held together with spacer’s tape and instant adhesive.” “Oh…” Hux answered awkwardly, quickly glancing back at Kylo as if to check if he was okay. “He taught you, then?” Kylo nodded, then, remembering that Hux couldn’t see him, muttered, “He taught me everything I know about starships. How to identify them, how to fly, how to fix them up…” “Was it...nice? Working with your father like that?” Hux’s voice was oddly soft, and his movements slowed, became less efficient. He was stalling, buying time so he had an excuse to avoid eye contact, Kylo realized. “Yeah...Yeah, it was,” Kylo said wistfully, “In the beginning, at least. Yours didn’t do anything like that with you?” “Ha!” Hux barked, “He could barely stomach me. He only married my mother because she was pregnant and threatened to tell everyone, but she died less than a year after I was born. From that point on, I was considered his bastard son. He found a new wife of better social standing two years later, and after that...I may as well have been invisible, Kylo. Nanny droids were more of a parent than he ever was.” He slammed the last panel into place before turning to stare at Kylo defiantly. “I made a point to never rely on him for anything, even when it would have given me an advantage. I didn’t need anything from him.” “I know that...But there’s no shame in wanting approval or recognition when you know you deserve it. You live for that these days, and I’m sure it would have felt nice to receive it from him, too, even if you couldn’t stand him.” Hux deflated, throwing his torque wrench into the toolbox by his feet with a loud clang. “Yes. It would have. I had two step brothers, you know. They were worthless, pathetic. One died at the Academy because he was too weak to survive his education, and the other was immediately gunned down in his first real battle. But Brendol never stopped talking down to me and singing their praises, even while I was getting promoted to Lieutenant Colonel.” Kylo processed this new information slowly, not wanting Hux to clam up after opening up to him so freely. “Sometimes, when a Force user dies, their consciousness can stay behind as a Force ghost. For all intents and purposes, it’s them , just incorporeal.” “Mmm? And your point is?” Hux attempted to feign disinterest, but Kylo recognized curiosity when he saw it. “My point is that life and death aren’t as binary as most believe them to be. If Force users can live after death and interact with the living...maybe wisps of everyone’s consciousness remains after they pass. So prove your dad wrong, Hux. Go prove your worth to the point where even the galaxy’s dead can’t remain unaware. Give Brendol Hux Sr. hell, Bren.” Notes: I got horribly confused trying to process the canon/legends information on kyber crystals, so my apologies if I got everything wrong. I think Kylo's cracked crystal is canonically a natural one, but too bad. Also, word of the day: schizodactyl! It's normally used to refer to spider monkeys, who use the index/middle fingers to grab things instead of the thumb/index finger. Instead of the thumb being separated from the rest of the fingers, the thumb and index are separated. Here's a good example. It's not important at all; I just enjoy primatology. Chapter 3 : The basic nutritional requirements of a champion pigeon. Notes: I split the chapter into two (the opportunity to use this chapter's title only played a minor role in my decision, I swear). This part is the shorter one by far, but the next part will be up within a few days! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Five days. That’s how long Kylo had been meditating. Five days with no food or water or even movement. By now, Hux had started to develop a bizarre neurosis of sorts that revolved around confirming Kylo was still alive. He’d been told that Kylo was going to be meditating for days, yes, but the man neglected to warn him that it’d be like this. Increasingly sallow, clammy skin and dark rings under the eyes, extremely slow, shallow breaths, nothing but white noise when he reached out to Kylo’s mind...This wasn’t anything like his usual meditations. It was like a coma. Every time he passed by the workshop’s entryway, he’d stop and stare at the silent figure on the floor, constantly suspicious that Kylo had stopped breathing. At least once a sleep cycle, but sometimes twice or even thrice, he’d wake up and find himself incapable of relaxing again until he crouched down next to Kylo, watching his chest rise and fall and taking comfort in the faint heat radiating from his motionless body. Heat meant irrefutable life, even if it was barely detectable. Kylo’s body temperature had dropped significantly over the first 24 hours. For the next three days, the only discernible heat came from his clasped hands, between which the crystal was firmly sandwiched in Kylo’s lap, and while he seemed to be gradually warming up again now, Hux couldn’t be one hundred percent confident that his mind wasn’t playing tricks on him. If it was possible to recondition a stormtrooper, surely it was possible for a lonesome brain to convince itself of a false reality. Unhealthy paranoia simply wasn’t a familiar state of being for Hux. Unsure how best to treat it and unwilling to admit failure in any personal regard, he’d instead chosen to just...ignore it. He refused to even acknowledge his cabin fever’s existence while he worked, quashing any self-doubts and instead scouring the ship’s database for music to provide some background noise and distract himself. It came with a perk - any wayward hallucinations manifesting from the ship’s stifling atmosphere would go without notice, too. But despite his efforts to avoid too much introspection, he’d finished translating the peculiar runes hours ago. With his only major task completed, he had little left to do but obsess over Kylo’s well-being and stress about what had happened in the caves on Bacab. Willingly going solo and exploring uncharted caves in near-darkness, fixating on some archaic, superstitious writing, choosing to actually put in the effort required to translate it...It just wasn’t like him. After all, history was written by the victors, not the group of unknowns who spent their time huddling in a freezing cold cave to protect themselves from imaginary creatures. What use was there in learning the minutiae of the religion and beliefs of a long-dead culture? All he’d earned himself in this case was an asinine glimpse into Bacabian mythology and a tension headache. What an utter waste of time. Hux continued to fume over his recent questionable decisions, but his self-chastisement was interrupted by a weak groan travelling down the corridor. Fearing that Kylo’s body was finally shutting down, he dropped his datapad with a clatter and sprinted from cockpit to workshop in a matter of seconds, skidding to a halt as he entered the room. Kylo was lying on the floor now, overlarge body curled up in the fetal position and face contorted in pain as he continued to moan. “Kylo! What’s wrong? Do you need a medi-kit?!” Hux kneeled down beside him, quickly giving him a once-over and finding nothing visibly wrong. Still, he hesitated to actually touch the writhing figure, keeping his hands floating awkwardly above Kylo’s sweat-slicked skin just in case the Force was to blame for his apparent agony. “Cramp,” Kylo whispered, clutching his left calf. “Really bad cramp.” “Oh, you infant!” Hux swatted Kylo’s arm halfheartedly, too relieved at Kylo’s lack of serious medical emergency to be truly angry. “You need to stretch it in order to make it relax, not keep it folded up like that. Wait here.” He made a quick dash to the ship’s laughably small galley for some water, then returned to Kylo, pleased to see him lying flat on his back with his legs sticking out straight in front of him. His eyes were suspiciously wet and blinking rapidly as they stared up at the ceiling. “There we go. Here,” Hux said, kneeling and pulling Kylo’s shoulders onto his lap and into a position better suited for drinking. “You must be dehydrated after that much time in what I can only call suspended animation.” “How many days was I out?” Kylo croaked after gulping down half the glass and spilling another good quarter on Hux. “A little over five. Are you hungry? Or rather, do you feel well enough to eat something?” Hux corrected himself as he heard Kylo’s stomach growl voraciously. “Yeah, I’m starving. I feel pretty good, considering. Tired though. I might pass out as soon as I’m done eating, then see if it was a success.” He opened his clenched fist, revealing a blood red crystal. “Oh,” Hux breathed. Infused with such vivid color, and nestled in Kylo’s gently cupped palm, it almost seemed like a living, breathing thing — a fledgling bird of prey, too new and innocent to even comprehend the very carnage and destruction it would soon revel in. “I know, right?” Kylo flashed him a smug grin, then carefully slipped the crystal into his robes. “But anyways. Food?” He shifted away, moving to stand up. Kylo swatted his hands away as he stumbled to his feet, but Hux couldn’t help holding them at the ready in case Kylo pulled something ridiculous like fainting. He just wasn’t used to Kylo looking so fragile. He was wobbly, but evidently more resilient than he appeared, as the man regained his footing soon enough and led the way into the galley. “Ugh, my head hurts. Lights, thirty percent,” Kylo groaned as they walked in. “And what is that noise? Music?” “Quenk jazz, I believe. I can turn it off if you’d like. It’s supposed to be relaxing, though. I don’t know if that’s actually true, but I’ve listened to it for three days straight now and it’s finally starting to grow on me. Or drive me mad; I’m not sure.” Kylo grunted, but made no further protest. He accepted the refilled glass pressed into his hand, which he sloshed over his own front this time in his haste to hydrate himself, then simply stood in Hux’s way, rubbing at his eyes with a noisy yawn. Hux shooed him toward the table with a sigh. “Here, sit down and finish your water while I make something. It’s just about time for dinner, anyways. Any requests?” “Caf,” Kylo mumbled, melting into his chair and pillowing his head on his arms. “I’ve technically been awake for five days.” “Then you’re dehydrated and need to get some rest. I’m not giving you caf, Kylo.” “You’re mean,” Kylo whined, trying to burrow his face deeper into his arms. “Mmm,” Hux answered noncommittally as he rifled through their limited meal options, finally settling on a pilaf with some sort of bland, nondescript veg-meat. Easy to digest, but not quite as grotesque as the nutritionally balanced ration bars taking up half the cabinets. He rehydrated the packets, then, considering how little of an appetite he had in the face of such an unappealing meal, shoveled half of his portion onto Kylo’s tray. Kylo practically inhaled his food without tasting it anyways. “Here,” Hux said as he set their trays on the table. Kylo didn’t respond. “Ren, you need to eat. Here, take your fork.” He wedged the utensil into Kylo’s loose fist, spent five unfruitful seconds waiting for the man to do something, and then impatiently gave him a sharp jab in the ribs. “Wake up!” “Ow,” Kylo whimpered pathetically, curling in on himself a bit. “Master of the Knights of Ren, defeated by a single elbow,” Hux drawled sardonically as he sat down and began picking at his food. It tasted even worse than it looked. “Yeah, but your elbows are so sharp. What do you do, file them down?” He sat up and rubbed his eyes again before tucking into his meal, sloppily shovelling food into his mouth. “Says the man with talons for toenails. Does your position as professional ghoul prevent you from taking proper care of your feet?” Giving up on choking down the rehydrated rice, Hux simply propped his chin up on his fist, watching Kylo in begrudging amusement. He really was like a wild beast, wolfing down his food like he didn’t know where his next meal would be coming from. Kylo didn’t slow down at all or look up from where he was hunched over his tray, but Hux noticed his brow crease in confusion. “Is that why you always keep your legs so far away from mine at night? Sometimes you jerk them away in your sleep if my feet brush against yours.” “No, I do that because your toes are like ice, Kylo. Ice. You kick me while you’re dreaming, too. Sleeping beside you is an absolute chore at times.” “Pshhh, you love my feet. Just admit it.” He mirrored Hux’s posture, grinning cheekily across the table. “And if I didn’t know better, I’d say you’re trying to get me into bed with you tonight. Why else would you be going to such great lengths to woo me here? It’s all very romantic, isn’t it?” Hux felt one of the appendages in question brush against his ankle, creeping higher teasingly, and he blushed as the reality of their situation hit him. They were sitting all alone in a dimly lit room with mood music playing in the background, eating a meal that he himself had prepared, and now Kylo was flirting and playing footsie with him. They were on a goddamned dinner date. He froze as the foot continued past his knee and began trailing up his inner thigh, incapable of forming words, unsure of what he even wanted to say. Get your filthy foot out of my crotch, you barbarian? Wait, I can explain, that wasn’t my intention, I swear? Yes, I love your feet? He was saved from embarrassing himself as Kylo chuckled, foot dropping back down as he shoved the last few forkfuls into his mouth. “It’s been lovely, really, but what do you say we skip dessert and move this thing into the bedroom?” he said with a yawn, standing up to stretch and giving Hux a slow-motion wink that looked more narcoleptic than flirtatious. “I’m pretty much dead on my feet here. Good night.” Without waiting for an answer, he set off down the hall, weaving as he went. Hux nodded belatedly and pushed their chairs in, leaving the trays and forks amongst the grains of rice scattered on Kylo’s side of the table. He’d take care of everything later when Kylo wasn’t in need of constant supervision. For now, he just headed toward their shared bedroom, taking a more direct route than Kylo’s ambling path. “Oh no you don’t!” Hux scolded as he stepped in and found Kylo lying facedown in his robes. “You’re not sleeping in those disgusting things! They’re all wet and covered in food, and you haven’t even changed your underpants in days , Kylo! Stand up!” he dragged Kylo into a slumped, mostly-seated position and began stripping down his layers. “Oh, Hux!” Kylo exclaimed, pitching his voice up as if overwhelmed with excitement. “I didn’t realize you liked my feet that much! Does all that talk about them have you feeling frisky?” Kylo flopped back onto the bed and laughed uproariously as Hux kneeled down to divest him of his socks and underthings, the sound eventually dying down into quiet giggling. “I heard you thinking about them, you know. You projected that part rather loudly.” He brushed his bare foot against Hux’s chest, narrowly avoiding kicking his face in the process. “Hush, you insufferable creature,” Hux admonished, slapping the leg away and backing up. The man had long surpassed his typical grouchy phase of sleepiness. He was downright delirious. With a sense of urgency spurred on my Kylo’s unnervingly friendly behavior, Hux grabbed a pair of Kylo’s pajama pants that were clean (or at least cleaner than the robes; he didn’t seem to have any clear system in place when it came to laundry) and shuffled them up the man’s legs. Satisfied, he turned to leave, trusting that Kylo could at least figure out how to sleep without his aid. “Hux, wait! Lie down with me?” Hux had a number of reasons to say no. It was much too early to turn in for the night, he hadn’t actually told the ship’s cheap little cleaning bot to clean up the mess in the galley yet, neither one of them had so much as brushed their teeth or washed their face yet, he hadn’t ran his nightly safety diagnostic on the ship’s system...But at the same time, he hadn’t slept soundly since Kylo began his meditation, and he was starting to feel the effects. His lover, with whom he had a shrinking, finite amount of time to spend alone, was inviting him into his bed, an offer to be cuddled in that tender, sentimental way he both hated and loved. And honestly, he had nothing truly pressing to do that couldn’t be delayed by a few hours. Most of all, Kylo was giving him the puppy dog eyes when he turned back, and he looked so pitiful that it was all Hux needed to cave instantly. “Stand up. Grab that blanket,” he said softly, directing Kylo to the side. He pushed the two beds together, spreading his own blanket across both in an attempt to fill in the crack between the two mattresses. Kylo wasted no time climbing on top and cocooning himself in the covers, watching with appreciating eyes as Hux changed into his own pajamas. “Is it comfortable enough?” “Mmhmm. Should have done this from day one like I said. C’mere.” Hux slipped in beside him as he called for the lights to be turned down, responding in kind when Kylo wrapped his arms around him. “Hey gorgeous,” Kylo slurred, only one eye open by this point. “Come here often?” Hux snorted quietly. “Go to sleep, Kylo.” Notes: Headcanon: Extremely tired Kylo=immature, obnoxious Kylo who likes cheesy pickup lines. We all knew that one person at sleepovers who got weirder as the night went on. Chapter 4 : Culture Revealed Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When Hux awoke a few hours later, it was to the mildly horrifying sight of Kylo’s open eyes mere inches away from his own. “Were you watching me sleep?” he mumbled once his heart stopped racing, snaking a hand out from under the blankets to scrub at his face. “Mmhmm. You look so young when you’re fully relaxed like that. It’s almost cute.” Hux glared, but feared the effect was lessened by his rumpled hair and slow, drowsy blinking when Kylo’s only reaction was to lean in the last few inches and rub against his nose with his own oversized one. Despite his confusion, Hux reached around to run his fingers down the man’s spine, automatically returning the affection he assumed Kylo was trying to convey. “...What are you doing?” “It’s called an Arkanian kiss, Hux. You’ve seriously never heard of it?” When Hux gave him another sleepy frown, he laughed under his breath and swooped in to plant a normal kiss on his lips, completely ignoring their respective morning breath. “You really are cute, Hux.” “I am not. Are you going to go make your lightsaber?” His arm tightened around Kylo, ready to drag him back down if he tried leaving. “In a minute. I’m too comfortable to get up yet. Hey, I meant to ask you before I passed out. How’d your thing with the cave writing go?” “Oh, about as well as I expected,” Hux said with a yawn. He stretched a bit before settling back down in Kylo’s arms, a little more alert now. “No language droid, but I still had access to all of our linguistic archives, and it had to have been written within the last millennium. Turns out Middle Bacabian is remarkably similar to the modern language, at least in written form. It’s logographic. Translating it was fairly straightforward, just time-consuming...It kept me from getting bored, at least.” “But did it say anything interesting?” Hux wrinkled his nose. “That would depend on your definition, I suppose. I didn’t find it very interesting. It went on and on about some corpse-like creature that occasionally preyed upon their clan, and it said the thing sucked them dry? Or something along those lines, at least. There were a handful of words I couldn’t translate.” “Ooh, a vampire , Hux. You should have told me about it last night. Bed time’s the proper time to tell scary stories, you know.” “It was hardly scary. Every time someone claimed to see it, everyone would panic and within a few months, one of their people would be dead. Just...wasted away, from the sound of it. It almost always struck the most intelligent people too...It was most likely some sort of hereditary neurological or autoimmune disease. Modern Bacabians value intelligence and still implement a strong caste system of sorts, so I imagine these people were just horrifically inbred.” “Hmm. And the handprints?” “Oh, some pathetic attempt at ‘curing’ people. If someone started showing signs of the disease, they’d make a blood sacrifice in those caves. The medicine man would slice open their palm, mix some powdered root with the blood, and then they’d spread that filth over their hand and press it against the wall while praying. Sometimes it worked. They often went several generations without a sighting, so they engraved the instructions in their magic cave so the people wouldn’t forget. Recessive hereditary illness, I’m telling you.” Kylo hummed thoughtfully. “A lot of folk remedies are effective, even if the people didn’t necessarily understand why. It’s possible the root or the bloodletting actually worked. Or it could have been the kyber crystals, too. They’re naturally imbued with the light side, which promotes healing.” “Regardless, it was hardly a compelling subject. Who knows? Maybe those primitive, backwoods fools were actually poisoning their brightest people without realizing. Wouldn’t be the first time the elite accidentally killed themselves with their own luxury goods. Ever heard of ‘mymox blue?’” “Of course. I’m part Naboo; I tried to learn as much as possible about them after I found out about my grandmother. Their royalty used to dye everything with it. Clothes, tapestries, wallpaper…” “Yes, and they subsequently died or fell ill because the beetles the dye was made from were highly toxic. And they knew that, too! Vanity at its finest.” “Not much has changed in the last few centuries, either. They’re nice, I guess, but...pompous. And pushy. Wouldn’t take no for an answer to anything when I was there.” “Hmm...that sounds familiar. You don’t suppose that runs in families, too, do you?” Hux said, tilting his head back to smirk up at Kylo. Kylo gave him a poke in the ribs, payback for the night before. “Hey, at least they know what they’re doing when it comes to lingerie.” Hux flushed at the reminder of Kylo’s risque souvenir, morning wood twitching as he remembered how nicely the fine jewels contrasted with the man’s milky white thighs and mole-speckled back. “Did...You didn’t happen to bring that, did you?” He could feel Kylo’s laugh rumbling through his chest as he answered, “I thought it might be a little hard to explain to our Supreme Leader why I showed up for my training with crossdressing gear. I left them back in my quarters.” “Pity. I rather liked that one,” Hux said with another quiet yawn, giving in to the urge to close his tired eyes. “Mmm, and how. I’m gonna get up now, okay? Go back to sleep. I’ll take care of everything.” Hux highly doubted that last statement, but did as Kylo said, nestling his head on a cheap synth-foam pillow as his living headrest slipped away. He dozed on and off for a while, hearing occasional snatches of Kylo’s activities: brushing his teeth and shaving, powering on their hospitality droid and setting it to work, checking the ship’s status. It wasn’t until Kylo pressed a kiss to his forehead that he truly woke up again, roused into full alertness by the ease with which Kylo surprised him. He’d always been a light sleeper, jolting up at the slightest noise to grab his blaster. Instead, Kylo had not only managed to come into his sleeping quarters without a problem, but, Hux noticed, catching a whiff of caf nearby, he’d apparently managed to deliver his morning dose of caffeine, too. There was a steaming cup on top of the nearest storage locker when Hux rolled over to look. Even while unconscious, he was exceedingly at ease with Kylo. That was a first. Even Ivek had been interpreted as a potential threat to his brain, which never acclimated to his restlessness and constantly alerted Hux to the movement in his quarters. But Kylo...Kylo he could truly trust, for once in his life. There was no doubt in his mind that Kylo cherished him. Loved him. Pity that it wouldn’t matter once they arrived at Snoke’s. Hux dashed out to grab the caf before retreating back to the warmth of his blankets, piling them around him as he sat up to drink and ponder his life’s choices up to this point. For once, Kylo had reasonable short-term goals and mostly solid plans for his future, and Hux was the one flying by the seat of his pants. He didn’t like it. Draining his mug, he finally relented and abandoned the blankets, changing his clothes quickly so he had an excuse to drape his greatcoat over his shivering frame. Bacab had been an icy, wind burn-inducing hell, but starships had their own unusual chill that gradually seeped into your bones over the years, unnoticeable but for the contrast the rare bit of warmth provided. After grooming himself to perfection (he still had standards, after all, even if his shipmate didn’t), he replenished his caf and meandered over to the workshop to monitor Kylo’s progress. “Good timing, Hux.” He was right. His half-finished lightsaber’s parts were suspended in midair, an exploded view of the complex wiring and tiny components that went into making such a formidable weapon. The sanguine crystal floated in the very center. Hux stepped into the room to get a closer look, and as he watched, the pieces continued to assemble into a cohesive weapon. Wires stripped and trimmed themselves. Rows of circuits fused together, solder melting all on its own. The conductor enveloped the power cell, then slotted onto an extension of some sort, and the crystal inserted itself into the end just as the outer casing of the hilt snapped into place. “There, the crystal’s mounted. It’s done .” Kylo gestured proudly at the finished result, still hovering before him. He’d kept the crossguard design, but there were rocket fin-like claws extending past the blade emitters now, and the base led to a thick, heavy, lethal-looking pommel. But even more impressive was the shaft itself. Elegantly curved lines etched into the hilt now took the place of exposed wires and scuffs, the grooves filled in with an unfamiliar, dark metal inlay. It was a peculiar design, both sharply geometric and fluidly organic in equal measures. Hux set down his caf and stepped forward to get a closer look. “What is this, exactly? I don’t recognize this metal,” he asked quietly, tracing part of the design to where it ended in a pointed fang. It was an intriguing color, a deep, deep bronze with a gunmetal sheen to it, and it contrasted nicely against the matte black of the rest of the hilt. “It’s a phrikite alloy. It’s more responsive to the Force.” “Meaning?” “Meaning when I call it to my hand, it’ll move quicker and easier than most lightsabers,” Kylo answered, scowling a bit. “Most are designed to be harder to move with the Force to prevent an opponent from turning your weapon against you, but I could easily counteract any efforts. It’s nearly impossible for another lightsaber to damage it, too. Those designs are ancient protective symbols, meant to improve your acuity, focus, strength, balance...And this one,” he said, flipping the hilt over so Hux could see the very bottom of the pommel. The inlay there took the form of a jagged, four-pointed star, a design that Hux remembered seeing during their research into Force bonds. “Does that represent the dark side as a whole?” Hux guessed. “Yeah. Yeah, it does,” Kylo answered, grinning at him. “So what do you think?” Hux gave a quiet hum and circled around the lightsaber, wanting to study it from all angles to appreciate the inlay in its entirety before formulating any sort of critique. He ended his circuit by Kylo’s side as he considered the question. This new design had a certain touch of refinement and class that Kylo’s old lightsaber sorely lacked, and yet it was no less intimidating. He understood with sudden clarity what the other man was getting at during their discussion a few days prior - this lightsaber was Kylo as he was now. All the fancy, unnecessary little flourishes? An indulgence for the sake of aesthetic pleasure, yes, but they also provided some simple misdirection. It was all sharp angles and serrated edges underneath the showy design, a deadly, battle-ready weapon mature enough to hold back a bit. His old lightsaber was made by someone desperate to prove themselves a worthy opponent, someone willing to sacrifice safety and style just to ensure everyone knew how violent they were. But Kylo had a reputation now. He didn’t need to rely on his unstable lightsaber to strike fear into people's’ hearts; hearing his name was more than enough. No, this lightsaber was made by someone confident that everyone would find out exactly how dangerous they were in due time. Hux grabbed Kylo’s arm and gave it an inspiriting squeeze. “Kylo, it’s...gorgeous.” “Thank you,” Kylo mumbled, beaming with pride despite his embarrassed blush and averted gaze. “Should I turn it on?” Hux nodded, eyes still glued to Kylo’s new masterpiece, eager to see him with a sleek, stable blade for once. Kylo engaged the switch, and the lightsaber hummed to life, blinding in its glory. Or just plain blinding, maybe. “Kriff, Kylo. Are they all that bright?” “...No, not really, no. And they’re not normally so...orange.” Hux squinted, trying to get a better idea of the blade’s color. It was more orange than his old one; or rather, it had a peculiar orange haze around it, obscuring the reddish core. “Well...I suppose this means you don’t need that second crystal to power it after all. Is it a bad sign that it’s not as red this time, though?” Kylo shrugged. “It doesn’t really matter. There’s no inherent meaning to the red. It’s just traditional, and the more typical result,” Kylo said, frowning pensively. “I just thought...I don’t know. I wanted to make a proper lightsaber this time. That’s what I get for using a natural crystal, I guess.” “Nonsense, Kylo. I think it suits you. And I mean that as a compliment, honestly.” It wasn’t a lie by any means; it really did look perfect in his hands. Kylo was far too dramatic a human being to end up with a common, dull color that didn’t stand out from the crowd, anyways. “You said it yourself; there’s nothing improper about the color. Besides, It’s practically red. I would have called it that if I didn’t have your old one to compare it to.” “It’s orange, Hux.” “Mmm, not really ...The light on that panel over there? That’s orange. Yours...I think I’d call that ‘vermilion,’ or maybe ‘blood orange.’” Kylo considered Hux’s words, melancholy frown easing into one of contemplation. “Huh...Blood orange...I like that.” “See? Like I said, it suits you perfectly. ” “Really? You like it, then?” The shy bid for approval was accompanied by a hesitant, hopeful grin and eyes tight with apprehension, and recalling Kylo’s earlier fears about his reaction caused Hux’s chest to ache a little as the blade was powered off. The man had poured his heart and soul into his work, nearly quite literally, all while expecting a mere scoff or derisive comment in return. Meanwhile, Hux wasn’t feeling anything like scorn. No, he was starting to feel uncomfortably full of pride and excitement and affection for this strange man before him, this warmachine who managed to thoroughly insinuate himself into Hux’s cold heart despite its layers of defenses. He was capable of levelling whole battlefields bare-handed and yet he was still so insecure, in need of reassurance despite hand-making the most beautiful melee weapon Hux had ever laid eyes on. “I do. The unconventional colors, the tenets of the dark side, the unpredictable designs, the sharp, little spikes and brutal claws masked by the captivating beauty and panache and grandeur of it all...it’s you, Kylo. Of course I like it.” Kylo’s eyes softened into a true smile, and Hux immediately grabbed him by his ridiculous ears and dragged him down into a kiss before he could think better of it. All those emotions and nervous energy needed some sort of outlet. Kylo made a brief noise of surprise, but returned Hux’s affections nonetheless, fumbling around to set his magnum opus aside before gripping him tight. One hand snuck under Hux’s shirt almost immediately and began to trace the ridges and furrows of his ribcage. Kylo’s touches were tender, almost reverent, but Hux pushed forward greedily, giving Kylo’s hair a sharp tug and rutting against his deliciously strong, thick thigh a bit. He’d been spoiled by Kylo’s freely given affection. Five short days without physical contact and he was practically climbing the man like a tree. Taking the hint, Kylo hoisted him up, and Hux wrapped his legs around his waist, albeit with some hesitation. “Are you sure, Kylo? You barely slept at all.” “Yeah, I’m sure. I feel great. I feel like I could take on an entire army right now,” he answered, biting at Hux’s neck while he carried him to their conjoined beds. “Mmm, well that’s good,” Hux groaned as he was set down and immediately pounced upon, “because I’m just barely awake , actually. I only had one cup of caf.” “That’s fine. Just relax for awhile; you need it.” Hux closed his eyes gratefully, enjoying the attention as Kylo repaid last night’s favor and undressed him, nibbling on each newly exposed bit of skin. He drifted for an indeterminate amount of time, basking in the constantly shifting and overlapping physical sensations. Fingers plucked at his nipples, trailed teasingly over his thighs, massaged his feet for a moment. He felt teeth on his clavicle and a hot tongue dipping into his navel. “You’re overdressed for the occasion, Lord Ren. Strip,” Hux commanded when he finally cracked his eyes open. Kylo hadn’t so much as removed his socks. “Ooh, so demanding. Planning on bossing me around today, your highness?” Kylo grinned as he pulled off his robes. “Yes, my knight. I’m exhausted, and my magnificent body deserves to be worshipped, remember? Come put those indecent hands and insolent tongue of yours to good use.” He gave a flirtatious smile and artfully rearranged himself, trying to recall some of the poses from the ridiculous bodice-ripper holozines his step mother had indulged in on occasion. “Your roguish charm has won me over at long last, you-- you hellion. Make love to me, Lord Ren!” He threw an arm across his forehead dramatically, hoping he played the part of swooning maiden well and didn’t just look like a lunatic. Kylo laughed at his little display. “Hmm. You mean do all the work while you just lie there?” “Mmhmm.” Hux couldn’t hold back his smile as Kylo’s laugh only grew louder. “Alright, anything you say, princess.” Kylo obeisantly ducked down to kiss the inside of Hux’s ankles, one at a time. He repeated the gesture as he slowly climbed his way up his body, lingering on the spots that made Hux groan, and by the time he reached Hux’s jaw several minutes later, the playful mood had given away to something more serious, more sentimental. “Hey, did...did you mean what you said back there, Hux? About making love?” he asked softly, brushing his thumb against Hux’s lip. He stared into Hux’s eyes, and Hux blinked right back at him, mouth falling open a bit. Had he meant it? His immediate impulse was to laugh and deny it, but deep down...deep down, that kind of was what he wanted, wasn’t it? Not another sloppy blow job while he called Kylo a slut, but something a little more genuine. Tongue glued to his mouth by nerves and unspoken emotion, he nodded, licking at the thumb still tugging on his lip. Kylo lurched forward to kiss him with renewed fervor, while Hux occupied himself with mapping out the contours of his back with his fingertips, feeling each muscle tense and relax in turn as they shifted against one another. “Please tell me you brought the good lube,” Kylo murmured against his lips. “I did; it’s in my toiletry bag. But what-” “You said to worship you, yeah?” He straddled Hux’s hips and kneeled above him. There was a rustling from the corner, and then the bottle of lubricant broke free from his bag and into Kylo’s hand. “Well, here’s your offering.” Kylo opened the bottle and dispensed some lube on his fingers before reaching back, working himself open. “Kylo, wait! Are you sure-” “Yes. I’m sure.” He levelled Hux with a stern look despite the hitch in his breath, and Hux settled back to watch without any further protest. They hadn’t done anything like this since before Starkiller. They had shared a bed on the Finalizer and cuddled for some time nearly every night at Kylo’s request, but once released from the med bay and its painkillers, Kylo was so stiff and sore during his recovery that sex became a scarce thing in the immediate aftermath. Their sporadic liaisons typically just revolved around using their hands or mouths these days. “Physically, I’ve been ready for a while. My side doesn’t hurt unless you press on it. But I didn’t feel right, didn’t...feel like myself anymore, not until now,” Kylo sighed. “I feel complete again, and I want you so bad, Hux.” Hux just stared up at him in awe, daring to stretch an arm out and trace over Kylo’s rim himself, feeling the tight stretch as Kylo fucked himself on three fingers now. Finding his prostate, the man gave a strangled cry and shuddered violently, arm pistoning faster as he rubbed the pleasure point relentlessly. His cock began drooling rivulets of precome. It dripped down and onto Hux’s belly, smearing as Kylo began gently rocking his hips in counter rhythm to his fingers. “Frak, Kylo,” Hux breathed. He reached for the bottle with shaking fingers and poured some into his hand. “I need you.” He slicked himself up, but couldn’t help repeating the action longer than strictly necessary, jerking himself off to the vision of beauty above him. “ Yes! ” Kylo whined and withdrew his fingers, forcing Hux’s hand out of the way and lining himself up without any further notice. The tight squeeze around the head of his cock had Hux screwing his eyes shut and balling up the sheets in a white-knuckled grip, and the urge to thrust upward and slam home only grew as Kylo sank down at an excruciatingly slow pace. He was tight. Still worried they were taking things too fast, Hux sat up on his elbows to get a better look. Kylo didn’t seem to be in any pain. In fact, he appeared to be caught in the throes of ecstasy, head thrown back to expose his long, delectably soft throat and a look of sheer wanton neediness upon his face. He wasn’t just being careful; he was savoring the stretch and burn as he worked his way down Hux’s cock. Hux’s hands flew to Kylo’s hips as he fought off the wave of tingling heat signifying an impending orgasm, shutting his eyes again to block out the erotic visual perched above him. He squeezed hard, his fingers digging into the meat of Kylo’s ass. Kylo yelped out a high pitched moan before sinking down the last few inches, holding himself there as he took a deep, shaky breath. “Kriff…” he groaned. No longer used to regularly taking Hux’s length, his entire body was tense, though his muscles unclenched by tiny increments as Hux released his crushing grip to stroke a calming hand down his flank. “That’s it, there you go, love. Just take your time, alright?” Hux crooned. He didn’t miss the way Kylo’s dick twitched at the pet name that slipped out, nor did he miss the fat bead of precome that welled up and spilled down its length. Kylo’s eyes finally opened, and he leaned forward, hands planted on Hux’s chest. “Say that again,” he panted. “Hmm?” Hux teased. “Say what again?” Kylo whined and rolled his hips, rocking against Hux. “You know what, asshole! Say it again!” Hux barked out a laugh before he caught himself, Kylo’s insult only amusing him further. Only Kylo would have the gall to demand tenderness and affection while simultaneously deriding the person whose dick he was gently bouncing on. Shifting his hold on Kylo to support him as he established a steady rhythm, he smirked up at the man as he watched him lift himself nearly all the way off. “Careful, love. Is that any way to speak to your superior? I’ve half a mind to dismiss you from my bedchamber for your impertinence.” Kylo paused, only the head of Hux’s cock still inside. “With all due respect, your majesty, pfassk you.” He grinned at Hux before relaxing and letting gravity do the work of sliding him down until he bottomed out. The move punched an animalistic grunt out of Hux as he watched Kylo’s face go slack with pleasure. For someone who claimed to be worshipping Hux, he sure seemed to be luxuriating in the act himself. He grinded against Hux a few times, his muscular arms pushing his already sweat-dampened hair back as he moaned indulgently, then repeated the deep thrust. Hux swore under his breath as Kylo ground his hips again, finally locating the right angle to rut against him at, if his sudden yelp and breathy moans were any indication. Kylo using him to take his pleasure was one of the most erotic things he’d ever seen. The man took and took without permission in all avenues of life, and while most instances were more of a nuisance than anything else, this was a downright blessing to watch. But by now, Hux was very nearly sobbing in his own need, and Kylo’s slight movements weren’t doing nearly enough to slake his thirst. He stilled Kylo and lifted him back up again. “Right, that’s quite enough of that.” Ignoring Kylo’s halfhearted protest, Hux shifted his legs, planting his feet solidly on the bed, and then pulled Kylo back down. As his hips snapped up to meet Kylo halfway, he reveled in the man’s sharp cry of pleasure. “Naughty thing, using me just to get yourself off when you promised me an offering. Did you think I wouldn’t notice you humping me like a bitch in heat?” He repeated the gesture a number of times, establishing a much more brutal pace than Kylo had. Kylo hunched forward as he tried to keep up with Hux’s movements, stuttering out an apology in between desperate kisses pressed wherever he could reach. “I’m sorry, sir! I’m sorry! It’s just been such a long time, I couldn’t help myself! Kriff, I’ve missed this!” Kylo’s thighs began trembling as Hux increased his pace, out of practice or simply too overcome with pleasure to ride him with any degree of finesse or coordination. Hux urged him down and forward, encouraging him to take it easy while he propped up Kylo’s hips and continued his thrusting, and Kylo hesitantly gave in, slumping against his chest. “Hux!” he whined, “I thought I was supposed to be servicing you here.” “Oh, but you are, Kylo! You’re submitting yourself to my will and prostrating yourself before me. I’m more than pleased with your offering, my liege.” Kylo laughed under his breath and melted against him once more with a quiet groan. Both were content for a few minutes to simply rock against each other, quiet apart from the occasional grunt or moan, but eventually the relative silence was broken by Kylo, who began chanting swears as he mouthed at Hux’s throat, his dripping cock sliding between their bellies. “Close?” Hux asked, shivering as he felt the answering moan vibrate against his chest. Kylo whimpered and nodded, then resumed rolling his hips, chest heaving. “Wait, wait. Want to see you,” Hux panted. He halted their movements and crushed Kylo flat against him as he rolled and flipped them over, Kylo’s legs immediately wrapping around his waist. He leaned in close, supporting himself on his elbows as his left hand was still trapped beneath Kylo’s shoulder blade. The other was cradling the back of his neck. “See? Isn’t this better, love?” As Kylo nodded, Hux began moving again, his thrusting slower and gentler now, but no less deep. He rested his weight on his left arm and pulled the other one out to caress Kylo’s face for a moment as he pressed a tender kiss to the marred skin of his cheek. His hand continued to move down his side, gently tickling at his ribs, and he brushed his fingertips over the soft, pale skin below the knot of scar tissue as he made his way lower. “C-careful!” Kylo gasped quietly, more out of reflex than fear of harm. Hux wrapped his fingers around Kylo’s slick cock, pumping it in time with his hips. “Always,” he whispered resolutely, staring into Kylo’s eyes, now darkened with emotion and lust. “Always.” Kylo came just a few thrusts later, mouth falling open in a silent cry as the first shudder wracked his body. His voice caught up to him soon enough, and he gave a broken shout that trailed off to a quiet groan as his cock spent itself. Hux brought his dripping palm to Kylo’s lips. He dutifully licked it clean, whining as Hux continued to fuck his oversensitized hole, before sucking Hux’s index finger into his mouth, wrapping his kiss-swollen lips around it and flicking its sensitive tip with that clever tongue of his. He looked so debauched that Hux followed suit and spilled inside him within moments, neither one breaking eye contact until he too was drained dry. Hux pulled out carefully, soothing his freshly cleaned hand over Kylo’s side when he hissed in displeasure, and drowsily teased his fingers around the sensitive edge of his scar once more. “Bren?” “Mmm?” Hux glanced up, mildly surprised to see Kylo still looking so alert and serious when he was feeling ready to go back to bed for a few hours. “I love you.” “I...” Hux croaked, still unable to say it back despite knowing how happy it would make Kylo. Admitting it to himself was enough of a challenge to get over. But admitting it out loud? It still felt akin to defeat. He wasn’t Kylo Ren. He couldn’t acknowledge these dreaded, shameful feelings and still demand respect, he just couldn’t. Not that he had any right to demand respect anymore, nor anyone to demand it from. Kylo was the only one who ever respected him fully and without limitation, after all. He hadn’t lost that respect when Kylo discovered the depths of his feelings, but perhaps his frigidity and chronic inability to say three simple words would precipitate its loss soon enough. Kylo was not a patient man. He collected himself and cupped Kylo’s face, thumb following the contours of his rugged scar. “I—” His throat locked up again as he tried and failed to say something, anything. But Kylo simply smiled and pulled him closer, huffed a tiny laugh against him. Rubbed his nose against Hux’s in another Arkanian kiss. Pressed an achingly sweet, gentle, proper kiss to his lips, stealing Hux’s breath away despite its softness. Whispered, “I know.” Notes: Sorry if you don't like Kylo's new lightsaber :( I feel like he deserved something similar, yet different enough that he could distance himself from his past a bit and move on. He's not the moody, impulsive teenager he was when he (incorrectly) made that first one, ya know? The dark side symbol is real and can be seen here . The other markings...are entirely made up. Sorry. The idea for the inlay came from here though, and I imagine the pommel looking something along these lines. Notes: Feel free to follow my tumblr for trash and occasional insights on my inefficient writing process! Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the GLIMPSE AT MY LIFESTYLE series