The Droid Awakens They kept firing at him. Constantly. He may be a droid but K-2SO could feel that pain. He knew what he had to do. In a blaze of glory, K-2 closed the door, saving Jyn and Cassian. One blast got to his chest and slowly the life drained from him... * Suddenly, there was a bright light and muffled voices. K-2 opened his eyes slightly and peered down to see that he was being repaired. He thought he must have been back on the ship, rescued by Jyn and Cassian. Oh no, he thought, Jyn and Cassian. Where were they? Were they okay? And why was he so worried? K-2SO sat up and to look around the room when suddenly he noticed that there was someone outside the door looking at him. "Who are you?" K-2 managed to say. "The General, but you can call me Leia." The person said, walking into the room and taking a seat next to K-2. "That was incredibly heroic of you, saving your team. If it weren't for you, Rogue One wouldn't have succeeded in getting me those Death Star plans all those years ago." Leia said, staring at the wall. "Years? How long-" "34 years. We returned to the remains of Scarif recently to look for old relics of the Rebellion. There isn't much there now after the Death Star destroyed most of it. But, we managed to find you." General Leia finally looked at him. K-2SO just sat there, speechless. 34 years? Had he really been dead for that long? "Where am I?" He asked. "You're at the Resistance base, you're safe now." Leia got up and headed for the door. "Resistance? You're a Resistance now are you?" "Yes, and we're up against an even greater threat: the First Order." She said, looking stern all of a sudden. An officer arrived at the door. "Oh hello Captain I'll be there in a moment," Leia sighed and looked back at K-2. "Goodbye." She briskly left the room. "No wait I have more questions!!!" K-2 got up and tried to follow the General. However, when he got outside he'd lost her. "Damn!" He muttered, unsure on what to do. He noticed that on his shoulder where there had been an Imperial logo on it there was now a Resistance one painted over it. K-2 sighed with relief. He was glad he didn't have to be shot at again by his own team. Speaking of, he needed to find out whether any of them were still alive. They'd have to be older than that General though, if it really had been 34 years. K-2's train of thought was halted when a voice from behind made him turn around. "Goodness! K-2SO! It is I, C-3PO. You probably don't recognize me because of the red arm." The voice was coming from another droid. It was mostly gold but for some reason had a red arm. "Sorry who are you?" K-2 said. "Don't you remember? We met briefly at the Rebel base before you lot left for Scarif." C-3PO replied. Then, a wave of realization came over K-2SO. "Oh, yes, of course, you and your little friend." "Yep. R2 and I instead went with the Princess, who's a General now, and-" "Wait a minute... General Leia?" "General Leia Organa. She's been around since the Old Jedi Order fell. And, her father built me!" C-3PO added. "I've been waiting for you to be repaired. They aren't many of us droids left who were around in those times anymore. R2 and I just resort to talking to youngsters like BB-8. That BB-8. He's always on missions. The last one I went on I got this!" C-3PO shown his red arm. "Speak of the devils, there they are." He pointed at two droids together in the far side of the base. One was a blue astromech droid and the other was an orange one, a type K-2 had never seen before. "Come on, let's go talk to them!" C-3PO exclaimed and started waddling over to them. "Wait, C-3PO, I'm not very sociable," K-2SO said but it was too late, they were already coming to him. "R2-D2, do you remember K-2SO? We met him at the Rebel base before Rogue One went to go get the plans for the Death Star which you stored for them." C-3PO was addressing the blue astromech. R2-D2. K-2 recalled that being his name. * Spending time with R2, BB-8 and C-3PO was actually more pleasant than K-2 thought it would have been and he had had one hell of a story to tell them that night. BB-8 belonged to a pilot called Poe Dameron and R2 belonged to a Jedi, yes there were now Jedi again apparently, who had been missing, and was brother to the General. This was an awful lot to take in. Times certainly had changed. K-2SO was in his brand new living quarters when General Leia walked in. "Hello, are you feeling better?" She said. "Well, I'm alright-" K-2 replied after some thought. "Good, come with me then," Leia suddenly interrupted and switched K-2 off. * K-2SO was powered back on in a room full of people. The only one he recognized was Leia. "Hello K-2SO. Please relax." She said. "You might have noticed by now we've painted a Resistance logo on you. You know what that means don't you? You're under our control now." Leia Organa seemed a lot more threatening than she did earlier. "What is this?" K-2 asked. "I demand to know what planet I'm on and where the rest of my team are!" He found himself yelling. "Alright, we'll tell you. You're in the Resistance base on the Outer Rim planet of D-Qar and the rest of your team are..." Leia stopped and frowned. "I'm afraid they perished in the battle of Scarif. All of them. I'm sorry." K-2 was taken aback by this. Of course, no one could escape the Death Star. It would would find you in the end. "Why am I here?" K-2 still had more questions. "Because we have a mission for you." Leia lit up a hologram to show a Star Destroyer. Not everything had changed, then. "This is a First Order ship, heading towards our system as we speak. We want you to take it out so the enemy doesn't find our base. Is that clear?" General Organa finished. "Yes ma'am, but, who shall be accompanying me on this mission?" K-2SO asked. "I believe you've met BB-8, and this is his master Poe Dameron..." To be continued... Chapter 2 : Attack on the Star Destroyer Summary: K-2 embarks on his new mission with BB-8 and Poe Dameron to destroy the Star Destroyer heading the way of the Resistance base. Notes: Thank you everyone for reading this! It means a lot seriously when you guys leave kudos on my work so thank you very much. I have about 10 chapters in mind for this so make sure you bookmark this fic if you want to catch those as soon as they become available. Enjoy chapter two! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Sat on Poe Dameron's stolen First Order shuttle K-2SO kept asking himself why he had agreed to go on this mission. The Resistance probably would have forced him anyway, he thought, after all, he was under their control now, according to the General. That General. K-2 didn't know whether to trust her or not really. The ship then came out of hyperspace and all three of them saw it. The monstrous size of the Star Destroyer. K-2 had no idea how they were going to use thermal detonators alone to destroy a ship of that size. Before he was reprogrammed by the Rebellion, he had worked on one of those, and they were even larger inside than they looked. BB-8 was getting extremely worked up when the shuttle began entering the Star Destroyer and Poe signaled him to be quiet as he spoke to the other ship for permission to board. This reminded K-2 of when Bodhi was trying to get them onto Scarif. But Bodhi was dead. They were all dead. "C'mon then, let's go blast this thing out of the sky," Poe said as he got out of the pilot's seat. * "Well? You see anything?" Poe asked. "There are half a dozen hostiles up ahead. Do you want me to deal with them?" K-2 replied. "That's what you're here for, droid." Poe leaned back against the wall. "As you wish then, human," K-2 taken out his blaster and entered the fray. He managed to shoot 3 of the stormtroopers before they had turned around and were firing back at him. K-2 ran forward and shoulder barged one stormtrooper into another, while blasting the last one in the head. Poe Dameron and BB-8 emerged from behind. "Wow, that was... that was..." "Pretty easy." K-2 said and put away his blaster. "Right, BB-8's found a map of the cruiser. He's marked all the places where we must place thermal detonators to damage the ship. Then, we'll make our way to the power generator and blow that up, causing the ship to fall out of the sky toward the planet below. That will cause everyone to evacuate and we will head back to the Resistance base. Any questions?" Poe sounded very confident. "Yes," K-2 raised his hand. "Was I picked for this mission because I'm expendable?" "No, you were picked for this mission by the General for your fighting experience." Poe assured him. "Good to know. Let's do this," * Poe placed the last bomb and activated it. BB-8 was keeping a look out and K-2 was holding the detonator device. "Would you like to know the odds of us perishing in the explosions as well?" K-2 chimed. "No, I don't," Poe sighed. "I was just trying to make conversation," K-2 said after a pause. "I don't really know what else there is to talk about." "We don't need to talk about anything," Poe got up. "What we need to do is find cover. BB-8 have you found anywhere yet?" BB-8 beeped a few times in response to Poe, telling him that there was a small storage room that they could hide in. When in there, they hid behind some blue milk crates that had 'for stormtroopers only' labels on them. They waited for a few minutes before Poe gave K-2 the order. K-2SO detonated the bombs and the ship rocked violently. Alarms sounded and frantic orders were yelled over the loudspeakers. K-2, Poe and BB-8 left the storage room and ran down the corridor, heading towards the power generator. K-2 was surprised to find that no one wanted to kill them but he guessed that they were too scared of being sucked out into space, or worse. The three of them stopped in their tracks when they got to the generator room. Guarding it was none other than Captain Phasma. Silver, chrome armor shone on her helmet while a black and red cape hung over her back. Poe certainly wished she hadn't shown up. "K-2, follow me to distract Phasma, BB-8, get to that generator and initiate the self destruct sequence." Poe whispered to the two droids and they scattered into the power generator room. "Hey Captain!" Poe shouted, making Phasma turn around and raise her weapon. "Resistance scum!" She fired her weapon at Poe and K-2SO making them have to dart for cover. Captain Phasma stepped forward, looking for where they had gone when K-2 jumped out and got her down to the floor. The Captain screeched like a hawk and thrown K-2 against the wall. Poe ran towards her but Phasma managed to block his attacks and kick him away. She turned to the generator to see BB-8 there, plugged into the control panel. "No!" She yelled as she ran towards the tiny droid. BB-8 twisted the controls and K-2 leapt over Poe to protect him. There was a small beep and Phasma went flying backwards as the generator exploded. Smithereens everywhere... Phasma tumbling... K-2 burning... BB-8 rolling away... Poe unconscious... Then silence... * K-2SO got to his feet and saw that the ship was on fire all around him. Even his outer shell was burning slightly. Frantically, he looked around to find BB-8 and Poe. Soon, he saw them and dragged them to where their stolen shuttle was only to find that it was gone. Some other idiot must have taken it, he thought. Desperately, K-2 looked for another ship to get to safety in and he found an escape pod that hadn't left yet. He was loading the unconscious Poe and the deactivated BB-8 onto it when he saw Phasma down the corridor, running towards him. "Oh dear, must dash," K-2 said as he climbed into the escape pod and ejected it into space. Phasma stood, staring at the pod as it got further and further away. She turned to the pilots stood next to her. "Follow that pod!" * K-2 sat in the pod as it headed for the planet below and looked out of the window. Suddenly, he saw TIE fighters heading towards him. "Oh, hell," K-2SO turned around and scrambled in the emergency compartment under his seat. "Why are there no weapons in here?" K-2 decided there was only one option. Climbing on his front on top of the escape pod, blaster in hand, K-2 tried to shoot at the TIE fighters. It was no use. He needed to get a shot right through the cockpit to kill the pilot. But to do that he'd have to get better aim. Slowly, he got to his feet and raised his weapon. Here goes nothing, he thought. Before long K-2 was firing away at the enemies. He managed to take one of them out, causing it to saw overhead and explode in the distance. Then, another, which plummeted down to the planet below. Finally, K-2 shot right through the cockpit of the last one, making it zoom towards the pod and blow up right before him. This made K-2 fall back into the pod as it entered the atmosphere of the planet. The pod caught fire and K-2 huddled round Poe and BB-8 to protect them as the pod made a loud thud and crashed on the surface of the planet. K-2 opened the door of the escape pod and stepped out onto a desert. He knew exactly what planet he was on. Tatooine. Notes: Chapter 3 should be coming tomorrow at some point hopefully. I will try and update every day or so but I might have a break over Christmas (only for a few days). Thanks for reading the second chapter. Chapter 3 : Tatooine Summary: K-2, Poe and BB-8 look for help when their escape pod crash lands on the planet of Tatooine. Notes: Sorry this entry is a bit late I have been busy today. Hope you enjoy this chapter! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Poe Dameron awoke with a start. He looked around, and realized he was boiling hot. "Ah, you're finally awake," K-2SO peered into the escape pod. "I didn't know you humans slept for so long. I was beginning to think that you were dead. That wouldn't have been so bad. Less to carry I guess-" "Can you just be quiet for one second?" Poe sat up, holding his forehead. "Okay then," K-2 moved away from the pod and back to where he was fixing BB-8. He wasn't getting very far, seeing as there was sand in BB-8's system. "Where are we?" Poe breathed as he stepped out into the harsh sunlight. "Tatooine. Desert planet." K-2 said. "Well yes I can see that... Why aren't you fixing him in the pod?" "Are you kidding me? There wasn't any room. You were taking up all the space!" K-2 looked at Poe. "I've tried contacting the Resistance by the way. It didn't work," "Of course it wouldn't work, we're in the middle of the desert!" Poe grunted and got back inside the escape pod. K-2SO sighed. Poe reminded him of Cassian in a way. So arrogant sometimes. "What are you doing in there? I've already checked everywhere for things that would be useful," K-2 got up and followed Poe. "Yeah well, I'm just grabbing the rest of our stuff," Poe's voice was muffled from outside the pod. "Why?" K-2 tilted his head. "Because we're going to find help," Poe climbed out of the pod and picked up BB-8. "Come on," * Poe and K-2 found themselves in a busy street. There were stalls everywhere, and jawas were walking round trying to sell droids. "I hope the jawas don't take me or BB-8," K-2 said. "You would be hopeless," "Without BB-8 yes, without you, not really." Poe was constantly walking fast, as if in a panic. "Er, BB-8's deactivated at the moment and even I can't get him working. How are you supposed to?" K-2 replied. "I would get help, like I'm doing now." Poe finally turned to face K-2 in what felt like hours. "I don't see any help do you?" K-2 glanced over his shoulder. He saw a dodgy looking cantina. "Don't tell me we're going in there?! You know what they say about the Mos Eisley Cantina!" "Not we, me. They don't allow droids in there. You're going to have to look after BB-8." Poe handed the broken droid to K-2 and walked into the bar. "Oh great, I'm the babysitter now am I?" K-2 muttered to himself. Suddenly, a young woman, no older than 20, knocked BB-8 out of K-2's grasp. The orange droid made a large clunk as it dropped onto the ground. "Oh my, I'm so sorry!" The woman crouched down and picked up BB-8. When she was about to hand him back to K-2 she stopped and examined the circular droid for a second or two. "Is this your droid?" She asked. "Oh no, it belongs to someone who just went in there," K-2 pointed at the cantina Poe just entered. "By any chance, does it belong to someone called P-" The young woman was interrupted when a man, around 50 or 60, came over and grabbed her. "Come on Rey, you were the one that wanted us to come to Mos Eisley to get this gift so come on!" The man began walking away down the street. "I am so sorry..." The woman handed over BB-8 and followed the other man. "Coming master!" "Master? What is she some kind of slave?" K-2 put down the broken BB-8 and peered into the cantina. Inside the scene was manic. Tables were being thrown, blasters were being fired, and Poe Dameron was right in the middle of it. Without thinking, K-2SO entered the bar. When he walked through the doors, an ear-piercing alarm sounded and everyone stopped to look at K-2. The alarm was turned off, and it was for a few seconds so silent you could hear a pin drop. "Oh I'm sorry, I just walked into the wrong place, how embarrassing... goodbye!" K-2 said, rather unconvincingly and turned to leave. Then, Poe came up to him. "What are you doing? Everything was going fine in here!" Poe whispered. "No it wasn't and you know it!" K-2 said, out loud, back. "Listen, you leave right now and get us a Resistance squadron to come pick us up. Go!" Poe was obviously drunk and in a fight so K-2 just grunted and left the cantina. When outside, he sat on a wall and began talking to himself. He was so angry at Poe for getting drunk instead of getting help. K-2 wanted to just leave without him. However, as a droid, he must follow his orders. Reluctantly, he stood up and moved over to pick up BB-8. But, when he got there, BB-8 was gone. "Oh no!" He looked around frantically and in the distance he saw jawas with BB-8. "Hey!" He yelled and darted down the market after them. However, when he caught up with them they had already loaded him onto their vehicle. K-2 knew what he had to do. He jumped onto the side of the large sandcrawler and a sharp item extended from his wrist. Before long, he was cutting through the vehicle and had made a hole big enough for him to get through. He climbed in. Inside, there were hundreds upon hundreds of droids. How was he gonna find BB-8 now? K-2 panicked. Then, a jawa came into the room carrying BB-8. K-2 sprang forward and tackled the jawa to the ground, snatching BB-8 from him and making a run for it. He fell through the hole which he made and landed on the ground below. Getting up, K-2 brushed himself off and watched the sandcrawler move away into the desert slowly. Then, he realized BB-8 had been cleaned by the jawas. "Of course! They repaired you so they could sell you!" K-2 said as he crouched down and activated the little orange droid. BB-8 exploded into life. "Poe certainly will be proud of me," K-2 headed back to the marketplace. "Come along, BB-8," K-2SO strolled back to the cantina, very smug, with BB-8 following behind him. Notes: Chapter 4 should come out tomorrow but I may be slightly delayed again. Apologies for that. Thanks for reading! Chapter 4 : Home Sweet Home Summary: K-2, Poe and BB-8 arrive back at the Resistance base after their long and tiring mission. Notes: Hope you guys have been enjoying this so far. It really means a lot when people leave kudos on my work so thank you everyone for doing that! Enjoy the fourth entry. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) K-2SO felt like he had been waiting for hours. There really isn’t much to do, stuck on a Resistance transport ship for ages and ages. He looked across to Poe, and noticed that he was asleep. Typical human, thought K-2. Then, he felt something at his feet. K-2 looked down, to see that BB-8 was clearly bored as well, since he was giving K-2 tiny electric shocks at his feet for fun. “Will you stop that?” K-2 said, making BB-8 freeze and scurry away quickly. When he and BB-8 had arrived back outside the cantina, Poe was waiting for them. Arms crossed, tired, but finally sober. They had gone to a communications tower Poe had found in Mos Eisley and contacted the Resistance from there. Before long, they arrived and the three of them got on the ship and left. K-2SO wondered how long it had been since they left Tatooine. A few hours maybe, days? Had he powered himself down at any point to rest? K-2 decided he would do that now. However, when his hand was about to flick the switch to turn himself off, Poe came over and sat down next to him. “What do you want?” K-2 asked, annoyed that Poe had interrupted him. “I just wanna talk,” Poe sighed and rested his head on the seat’s armrest. “Is there anyone at the Resistance base you can talk to instead of me? Because I’m really not into having a conversation right now.” K-2 was literally so close to flicking the switch. “Well, there is but…” “Good, see you back at the base then,” K-2 flicked the switch and powered down. “No wait!” Poe said but it was already too late. * K-2SO’s systems booted back up and he glanced out of the window next to his seat. He was used to seeing hyperspace out of that window but this time he looked they were just landing at the base on D’Qar. “Morning,” Poe said, getting out of his seat and heading for the door. “How long has it been?” K-2 undid his seat belt and got up. “Long enough. Come on BB-8.” Poe opened the door and him and BB-8 left the ship, shortly followed by K-2. “Home sweet home,” Poe breathed. “Well, not home for me.” K-2 chimed. “I don’t have a home.” K-2’s lenses took a few seconds to adapt to the horrible ray of light which shone before him as he stepped out. When his “eyes” had adjusted, he noticed that General Leia was waiting for them. “Hello Poe, BB-8, K-2SO. On behalf of the Resistance, we would like to thank you for your bravery. Also, we’d like to thank you for contacting us on Tatooine instead of getting a ride somewhere. You never know what kind of person you might meet in Mos Eisley. You might have found some dirty scoundrel like a smuggler or a… or a…” Leia stopped, tears welling up in her eyes. “Oh my Han… sorry…” she walked away, desperately trying to fight back her tears. “What was that all about?” K-2 asked. “Her husband, who’s she’s been with for over 30 years, died recently. He was a smuggler in his old days.” Poe said, almost getting upset himself. “You said you needed to talk to a friend,” K-2 stepped forward and spoke after a moment. “Are they here?” “Yes, I think he’s in the medical bay at the moment.” Poe pointed to a rather large looking building in the distance. “Let’s go then.” K-2 began walking in the direction of the building. * “So, why is your friend in the medical bay?” K-2, BB-8 and Poe were walking down the corridor. “He was in a fight, and his opponent used his lightsaber to slice him in the back,” Poe was wincing just talking about it. “Lightsaber? Was he fighting a Jedi?” K-2 said. “No.” Poe stopped and turned to face K-2. “Someone darker. A monster that names himself Kylo Ren.” Before K-2 could respond, a medical droid opened the door in front of them. “He’s in there.” Poe, K-2SO and BB-8 all went into the room. When the door closed behind them, Poe was the first to speak. “Hey Finn, how you doing?” Lying in the bed was a man who was obviously Poe’s friend that he spoke of. Poe sat down on the side of the bed. “I’m okay… the medical droids have been pumping this medicine into me or whatever,” Finn, sounding very weak, pointed limply at a bag of green liquid with a tube connected to him. “How are you? I haven’t spoken to you in days!” “I’m doing all right. I’ve just come back from a mission with these guys.” Poe looked at K-2 and BB-8, waiting kind of awkwardly in the corner of the room. “Oh, yes I remember BB-8. Hang on, who’s that?” Finn addressed K-2. “That’s K-2SO. He’s a reprogrammed imperial droid from back when the Empire was still ruling.” Poe explained. “34 years ago to be specific,” K-2 said, stopping when he realized he'd spoken aloud. “Listen Finn, I need to talk to you.” Poe said. “Sure, what do you want to talk about?” Finn replied. “Okay... I got really drunk on my mission, I had to be saved by K-2 over there, and I feel… weird. Like I’m losing hope.” Poe confessed to Finn, who sat there unsure what to say. “Why do you think that?” Finn asked. “It’s just… It’s like I don’t care. About the Resistance. Like I’m not putting maximum effort into the cause anymore.” Poe was now standing, facing away from everyone. “You know,” K-2 stepped forward towards Poe. “I once felt the same way that you do. About the old Rebellion. But a friend of mine, her name was Jyn Erso, once told me that we must take this opportunity to fight. Hope is all we need. She said… rebellions are built on hope. The time to fight is now, Poe Dameron. The Resistance needs you.” After that mouthful, K-2 sighed and walked towards the door. “Thank you.” Poe said, making K-2 turn and face him. “You’re welcome.” K-2SO replied. Even now, 34 years on, Jyn was still helping people get through these tough times. Notes: The next chapter will be a bit shorter than usual. You'll find out why soon... ;) Chapter 5 : Going to Jedha Summary: K-2 often thinks about Jyn and Cassian, now there're gone. He reflects on the first time they were all together, all three of them. Notes: I thought I would try and get out two chapters today, so I don't have to write one tomorrow. This one is short anyway so I could do it quickly. This chapter is based off of a scene from the Rogue One movie. Enjoy reading! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Jyn Erso climbed onto the U-Wing and put down her bag. She looked up, only to find a droid there. “I’m K-2SO. I’m a reprogrammed imperial droid.” The droid said, desperately trying to impress. “I remember you.” Jyn got down on her knees and started unpacking her bag. “I think it’s a bad idea for you to be on this mission,” K-2SO said. “Cassian thinks so too.” This made Jyn glance over her shoulder, to see Captain Cassian Andor talking to someone. Then, he turned around and got on the ship. “Jyn, I assume you’ve met K-2SO.” Cassian said, about to sit in his seat next to the droid. That was until K-2 noticed something. “Why does she get a blaster and I don’t?” K-2 asked. “What?” Cassian looked over to Jyn. “I know how to use it!” She said, defending herself. “That’s what I’m afraid of,” Cassian extended his hand to Jyn. “Give it to me.” K-2SO turned in his seat and Jyn raised an eyebrow. “We’re going to Jedha. That’s a war zone.” She said, making Cassian angry. “That’s not the point! Where did you get it?” He pressed. “I found it.” Jyn said. K-2 let out a bit of a scoff. “I find that answer vague and unconvincing.” He turned back to his work. After a moment of silence, Jyn spoke again. “Trust goes both ways.” Cassian rolled his eyes, giving up, and sat in his seat next to K-2SO. “You’re letting her keep it!” K-2 said. “Would you like to know the probability of her using that against you?” Cassian just looked at him. “It’s high, it’s very high…” K-2 chimed as he started up the ship. “Let’s just get going,” Cassian sighed, as the U-Wing lifted off and headed to the planet of Jedha. Notes: Chapter 6 should be out sometime before Christmas (the 23rd or 24th probably) then I'll take a bit of a break. However, I will try and get the final 4 chapters out before the end of 2016 if I can. Thanks for reading! Chapter 6 : Advice on Takodana Summary: Time jump forward a few months after they visit Finn in the medical bay... While on the planet of Takodana with his fellow droids, who he's now quite fond of, K-2SO goes looking for advice from a wise, old creature known as Maz Kanata... Notes: Merry Christmas Everyone! This is my last chapter I'm going to post before Christmas but afterwards I shall continue up until the New Year. As for 2017, I will hopefully be posting some new fics. Enjoy Chapter 6! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) K-2SO was sat in a bar type place. It wasn't the Mos Eisley Cantina, because that place didn't let droids in. This one was on a different planet. Some planet called Takodana. It was BB-8's choice. The four droids were all round a table and R2 and BB-8 were playing this weird game. "Are you not joining in?" C-3PO asked. "I could ask you the same question." K-2 replied, before glancing round the room a little. "What even is this place?" "According to BB-8, we're on the planet Takodana, home to the newly reconstructed castle of Maz Kanata." C-3PO announced, rather proudly. "Who's Maz Kanata?" K-2 said. "No one knows. Not really. She is a very wise old woman and an old friend of Han Solo and Chewbacca..." Before C-3PO had even finished talking, K-2 got up and left the table. "Where are you going?" "To find Maz Kanata!" K-2 exclaimed. "I need to talk to her." "Why would you want to-" K-2 had already disappeared round the corner. "Wait come back!" * There were a wide range of creatures and aliens that lurked in the bar. Which one of these is Maz Kanata, K-2 thought. How could he possibly find her, if he didn't even know what he was looking for? Then, K-2 heard a ton of glasses smashing. From the other side of the bar, a waiter had tripped over and smashed all of the drinks on the floor. Or, more specifically, all over a group of customers. The poor guy was being ambushed by angry customers when a tiny orange creature stepped in to break up the fight. "Stop this! I will not have fighting in my place! Get out!" The creature yelled, causing the customers and flee. "Sorry about that." Just as the creature turned to go, K-2 walked up to her, the height difference extremely obvious. "Hello, are you... Maz Kanata?" K-2SO asked. "Yes, that's me," The creature said. "What is it you want?" "I want to talk. I heard you're very wise." K-2 said, mimicking the way C-3PO said it. Maz Kanata just hummed and signaled for K-2 to follow her. * Maz Kanata taken K-2 into a room. Maz and him both taken a seat. "Where are we?" K-2 wondered as they were sitting down. "My storage room, where I keep my most precious artifacts." Maz said, before taking off her ginormous goggles and looking closer at K-2. "You're not going to find much by staring me out," K-2 chuckled. "I'm a droid!" "Yes I know," Maz Kanata stood on her chair and looked dead into K-2's lenses. "You came to me for advice didn't you?" She said. "Yeah... basically, I'm a-" K-2 was suddenly interrupted by Maz. "You're a reprogrammed Imperial droid who was the only surviving member of your team and you've been repaired 34 years later, to realize that everything's changed and almost everyone you once knew is dead." Maz said, so quick you could barely tell what she was saying. "How did you-" K-2 was largely taken aback by this. "I saw it in your eyes. You miss them." "Well I don't miss-" "You do. Why would you be having those flashbacks every so often?" The way Maz was constantly interrupting K-2 was annoying him slightly. "Well I just assumed it was some kind of malfunction in my memory banks." "That is where you are wrong my friend," Maz taken K-2SO's robotic hand. "You're worrying because you don't even know what specifically happened to them." "Well, they're dead... and the Resistance won't tell me anything else." K-2 removed his hand from where it was. "You don't have to find out from the Resistance necessarily..." Maz sat back in her chair and put her goggles back on. "Are you saying that I could find out from the First Order?" K-2's lenses widened, intrigued. "No, I'm saying you could find out from the Empire." "How?!" "The First Order has access to archives, full of things that the Empire stored. And, the Empire kept files on key events in the history of the Galaxy. If you look up the event where your team perished, you could find out how they died." "And you think that will fix my problem?" "I think so," Maz Kanata got out of her chair and left the room. "It's certainly worth a try..." K-2 said. * It had been a while since K-2 had broken into anywhere. Specifically, 34 years. Back at the Resistance base, he was packing a bag when Poe and BB-8 came up to him. "What do you want?" K-2 sighed, barely looking up from where he was packing. "If you're really doing this, we want to help." Poe said, making K-2 look at him. "I owe you one, for the amount of times you saved my life on that mission. Plus, you're gonna need a ship." K-2 thought about this offer for a moment. He could be putting their lives at risk. However, it would be good to have people with him to watch his back. "As long as you don't tell the General, you can come." He finally agreed. And BB-8 chirped with joy. "Thanks," Poe said. "When are we leaving?" K-2SO picked up his bag and put it over his shoulder. "Now." To be continued... Notes: Chapter 7 (of 10) probably won't come out until around 27th December because I'm gonna be taking a three day break from writing entirely because it's Christmas. Thanks for reading! Chapter 7 : The Imperial Archives Summary: Without the permission of the Resistance, K-2SO, BB-8 and Poe travel to where the First Order accesses the files left behind by the Galactic Empire. Notes: Hi Guys, hope you had a great Christmas! Sorry I am a bit late on uploading this. All the chapters should be up by next week. Also, I would like to take some time to remember Carrie Fisher, an iconic actress who was taken from us too soon. May the force be with her. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The planet their ship landed on was nothing more than a barren wasteland with a fortress style building in the distance. It took a while for K-2SO, BB-8 and Poe to make their way from where the ship touched down to the Archives. When outside the door, Poe froze, causing the others to look at him. "What is it?" K-2 said. "I have a question... how are we supposed to get in?" Poe asked. K-2 looked around, as if deep in thought. "You didn't think this through really did you?" "I did!" K-2 insisted, not at all sounding convincing. BB-8 beeped, and K-2 and Poe looked at each other, and then at BB-8. "BB-8," Poe said. "You're a genius." * Two stormtroopers, who had just been sent by Captain Phasma to patrol the outside area, were walking towards the door. Outside was K-2, Poe and BB-8, safely hidden, but ready to pounce at any moment. The troopers opened the door and they ambushed them with force. Poe fought one stormtrooper, shooting it straight through the helmet and K-2 took the other, shoulder barging it, causing it to fall backwards and hit his head. After Poe had put on one of the stormtrooper's outfits, the three of them made their way to the Archives. When they were outside the doors, Poe scrambled for some kind of control pad and when he found one he noticed something. "Oh no," He said. "It's a retina scanner..." Not seeming to care in the slightest, K-2 just leaned over and placed his eye lenses over the scanner. "What are you doing?!" Poe whispered. "You're going to set off an alarm-" Suddenly, the doors opened and K-2 stood back, smug. Poe looked incredibly confused. "You may forget," K-2 said. "I'm a reprogrammed imperial droid, and this is an imperial archive." The two droids went into the Archives, before being followed by Poe shortly after. * When inside, they saw that the Archives were huge. Rows upon rows upon rows of shelves, filled with information on the Empire. The place was surprisingly quiet, judging by the amount of important things stored in the building. K-2SO moved over to a computer and started typing onto it. Scarif "Scarif, eh?" Poe said. "I went there recently, at least what's left of it." K-2 wasn't listening in the slightest, just scanning through hundreds of files that matched his search. All of a sudden, one file made him freeze. Rogue One "That's them..." He muttered. K-2 pressed a button and a robot arm sat next to the computer sprung to life, locating and taking out the data disc required and handing it to Poe, who given it to K-2. "Well, put it in then!" Poe exclaimed, getting impatient as K-2 just stared at the disc. The droid pushed the disc into the computer and a range of images and folders popped onto the screen. Jyn Erso Cassian Andor Chirrut Inwe Baze Malbus Bodhi Rook K-2SO "I don't appreciate them having me at the bottom to be honest." K-2 sighed, clicking on and opening the folders about each key member of the Rogue One team. When he clicked on Jyn's image, making it fill the entire monitor, Poe whistled. "She's quite hot actually," He said. K-2 grunted and shoved Poe over, making BB-8 stare in horror. Looking through all the files, K-2 found nothing about how they died. Until saw one final label. Death Star test: Scarif Of course, he thought, of course they used it. They were on the planet when it blew up. He should have known. "We're done here," K-2 said angrily, and stormed off. Right before he was about to stupidly walk out the door and get spotted, he stopped and leaned against the wall. "I'm sorry," Poe had emerged once again, now with his stormtrooper helmet off. "They meant a lot to you didn't they?" "Well no not r-" K-2SO given up denying it. "Yes... they did..." Both of them fell completely silent for a moment. "We need to get out of here," Poe finally broke the silence and signaled for BB-8 to join them. "Yes we do," K-2 replied. "Oh and there's one more thing," Poe said, addressing K-2. "Don't push me over like that again." * Poe had put his stormtrooper helmet back on and him, K-2 and BB-8 were making their way to the exit. However, there were two First Order officers in the way. Before they could be seen, K-2, Poe and BB-8 darted round the corner. The officers' conversation echoed down the hallway. "I take it you've informed them, General Hux," The female officer said. "Ren and Phasma? Of course I have!" General Hux replied. "Oh no." Poe whispered. The three of them had been listening in. "What is it now?" K-2 hissed. "That's General Hux..." Poe peered round the corner and then quickly looked back around. "I've got a bad feeling about this..." "Very good." The female officer glanced over her shoulder before leaning in closer to General Hux. "The Resistance will have no idea we're coming." "Yes, thanks to Captain Phasma placing a tracking device on that security droid we now know where the Resistance base is!" As soon as Hux had said this time stopped. Then, it started again and K-2 and Poe shared a desperate look of panic. "If they've put a tracking device on me," K-2 said, worriedly. "Then it won't be long before they know I'm here!" "We have to get out of here," Poe gulped. "And warn the Resistance immediately." K-2SO, Poe and BB-8 turned around and were just about to creep away when they were met with a familiar face... or helmet.... "Not so fast!" Captain Phasma shouted, lifting her blaster and shooting the three of them before they could do anything... Notes: Thanks for reading! Chapter 8 coming soon... Chapter 8 : Interrogation Summary: Captain Phasma has captured K-2, Poe and BB-8 and they must warn the Resistance of the First Order's attack. Notes: Hi Guys I can't believe this fic is coming to an end so quickly but I definitely should have new fics up in 2017 for y'all to enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Poe Dameron woken up due to a very painful blow to the face. "Argh!" He yelled, then tried to rub his head only to find that he was tied to a chair. As his vision cleared, Poe looked up to see Captain Phasma staring him out. "Wake up!" Phasma boomed. After a moment, Poe cleared his throat. "Where am I?" He asked. "Where do you think you are?" Phasma said, looking around the room and then back at him. "Oh no," Poe leaned back and closed his eyes. "I'm still at the Archives aren't I?" "WRONG!" Phasma towered over him, anger flowing through her. She relaxed slightly. "You're on a Star Destroyer. Hope you don't blow this one up." Captain Phasma glanced over to where K-2SO was sat, powered down. "Him." She pointed her blaster at the droid. "Who is he?" "A droid." Poe sighed. Anger and hatred boiled up inside Phasma again. " Tell me more! " She hissed. "Fine." Poe said. "He's a droid that belongs to the Resistance and who has also saved my skin multiple times." Obviously growing impatient, Phasma raised her blaster and pointed it at Poe's head. "Listen here Resistance scum," She demanded. "If you don't start talking, then I will shoot you in the face! And this time it won't be on the stun setting! Do you hear me?" Captain Phasma was now leaning incredibly close to Poe, too close to comfort. "Okay, okay, okay!" Poe was now terrified of her. "I'll tell you who he really is!" Phasma stood back and lowered her blaster. "I'm listening." "So... that's K-2SO, reprogrammed Imperial security droid that has been around since before the destruction of the very first Death Star. He was 'killed' in the battle of Scarif, before being repaired and revived to fight in our Resistance, 34 years on." Poe Dameron let out a huge puff of air. Phasma said nothing, she just looked over to K-2 then back at Poe. "Thank you, you have just confirmed exactly what we needed to know," Captain Phasma touched her com link, causing it to light up. "This is Captain Phasma speaking, can I have troopers down here to my location immediately?" Phasma headed for the doorway. "Yes, I found the droid..." She opened the door and exited the room. "What have I done?" Poe muttered. Shortly, Captain Phasma reemerged with three stormtroopers by her side. "Right," She announced. "One of you take this prisoner, name Poe Dameron, to a cell and inform Kylo Ren that we found the pilot." Poe gulped. "You, take this droid, name K-2SO, to the droid memory unit. Search his memory banks for any information you can salvage on the Galactic Empire." "Why do you need him when you've got an entire Archive at your disposal?" Poe asked. "Prisoner... SHUT UP!" Phasma fired her weapon and it shot Poe in the foot. Poe screamed in pain. "Finally, you, take this other droid, name BB-8." "What are you gonna do with him?" Poe screeched through the pain. "I'll tell you what we're going to do! We're going to eject him into space!" Phasma sneered. "No! Don't you dare! Don't you d-" Poe was cut off when the trooper that had been assigned to him had stunned him. * K-2SO's lenses powered back on and before him he saw a room filled with blinding light. "Where am I?" He shouted. "I demand to know where I am!" "Don't you worry about a thing..." A sinister voice echoed around the room. "Who are you?" K-2 asked. The owner of the voice stepped out of the shadows. It was another droid. "I'm going to get all those wonderful memories out of you Mister!" She purred as she went over to a control panel. From the panel, there were wires connected to his body. "Let's see then," The droid glanced at her screen. "Oh, you've got a lot going on in here haven't you! Let's take a look back at your older days shall we?" "Stop..." K-2 slurred. The other droid gasped. "Look at this... the battle of Scarif..." She said. "Stop it!" "Now who are these people? What are their names? Oh, I see. Jyn and Cassian. Dying alone." "GET OUT OF MY HEAD!!!" K-2 burst with anger and stood up, ripping all of the wires from his body. The female droid was taken aback by this sudden behavior and scrambled for a weapon. Before she could shoot, K-2 had sprinted over to her control panel and grabbed her blaster. However, he was unable to take it from her and she thrown him against the wall. She was stronger than K-2 had thought. The droid shot at him before he could get back up and knocked something off his arm. K-2 risen and the other droid kept firing, while he dodged the blasts. K-2 then realized he could trick her into opening the door. As he dodged her attacks, he gradually made his way over to the door controls and ducked just as she tried to shoot him in the chest. The door control panel exploded and K-2 made a desperate run for it down the corridor. * Poe woke up, yet again. Was all of that a dream? he thought. Were BB-8 and K-2 gonna be okay? Suddenly, the door opened and K-2SO burst in. "Hi... are you alright?" He panted. "Well, I'm trapped in a First Order cell awaiting my torture so yeah I'm great!" Poe said, sarcastically. "Good!" K-2 said, not understanding the tone of Poe's voice at all. "I'm here to set you free!" He ran forward and released Poe's shackles. "Thanks man..." Poe mumbled. K-2 fast walked towards the door. "Are you coming to save BB-8 or what?" He asked. * When they had tracked down the BB droid, they found him in a chamber, about to be ejected into space. There was a stormtrooper manning the controls and was nearly ready to pull the lever that would end BB-8's life. There was no time to lose. "K-2 blast him!" Poe whispered. "Blast him now!" "But Poe... I don't have a blaster..." K-2 said. "They took it." "What do we do now?" Poe panicked. "You die!" Captain Phasma had snuck up on them yet again. "Now!" She ordered and the stormtrooper at the lever placed his hand on it. Poe screeched in anger and got Phasma in a headlock. Poe ran towards the chamber with BB-8 in and opened the door as the stormtrooper pulled the lever. The suction of space made all 5 of them fly towards the door to space and Poe released Phasma from the headlock. K-2, Poe and Phasma all grabbed hold of items on the wall while BB-8 extended a piece of wire that clipped onto the door. However, the stormtrooper had nothing to hold onto and went shooting down the chamber, knocking Phasma off the wall on the way. The trooper went flying out into space while Phasma held onto BB-8's body that was hanging out into the dark starry sky. "BB-8 hold on!" Poe yelled down the chamber. But, BB-8 knew what he had to do. They all knew what he had to do. "BB-8! NO!" BB-8 beeped his final farewell and he unclipped the wire. BB-8 and Captain Phasma were sent into space and K-2SO pushed the lever back up, closing the door. Silence filled the atmosphere and Poe Dameron just lay, on his back, and cried. Notes: I know, I'm sorry I killed off BB-8. But it's gonna be okay guys!!! The next chapter might be up anytime between tomorrow (30th December) to Sunday as I usually get very busy during New Years as I'm going away to celebrate the New Year. Due to this, the final chapter might be delayed to next week (Monday maybe). Thanks for reading!