The whole universe drops away sickeningly at Supreme Leader’s words. Hux tenses, trying desperately to hold on, waiting for everything to right itself. He feels dizzy. It isn’t true. It can’t be true. But Snoke is smirking – a grotesque expression that strips every ounce of warmth and confidence from Hux with unerring ease. Hux opens his mouth, desperate to fight the sentence being handed down to him, but he can’t find the words he needs. His mind is blank, horror seizing him. Everything he’s ever worked for or believed in is being torn from him, and he’s powerless to stop it. “You will, of course, have some time to prepare. There will be a ceremony, in two days’ time.” Two days. Hux feels like he’s about to be sick. “Ensure all the necessary arrangements are made.” There’s now nothing holding Hux up but years of experience. It’s only because the response is so deeply ingrained that Hux manages to force his voice past the constriction in his throat. “Yes, Supreme Leader.” He doesn’t even recognise the sound of his own voice. He doesn’t even recognise where he’s standing. It’s all too surreal. Snoke is leaning back in his throne, looking satisfied. “Good. I expect this union to be most profitable.” And with that, he fades, the holo flickering to nothingness. Hux stands, staring, as it happens, feeling every last fragment of hope dying with the projection. The audience chamber never felt so cold and empty. Only, it isn’t empty. To his left stands Kylo Ren, who is for once mercifully silent. Something in the back of Hux’s fractured mind warns him it won’t last, and despite the overwhelming urge to break apart and start screaming, or to run from the horrific judgement that has just been handed down, Hux manages to force himself to turn on his heel, marching away from the platform with as much composure as he can muster. It’s not much, but it’s enough. He manages to get out of the room before Ren says anything, although he can feel eyes on the back of his head every step of the way. The only thing he knows how to do is return to duty, as if nothing is wrong. Usually it helps. Usually he can immerse himself in work, throwing himself at any problem that arises until he’s worked out at least four possible solutions, and attacking dreary reports with fervour that sees them all finished within record time. Usually he can do this – he’s General Hux of the First Order – only now he can’t, and he isn’t. In two days’ time, everyone will know the truth. The demotion has happened already, but Hux will have to go through the ordeal again in open ceremony. He is going to be publicly and humiliatingly stripped of everything he thought he had – and to add insult to injury, he’s to arrange the ceremony in which it will all happen. Soon everyone will know that, not only has he been relieved of command, but that he’s an omega, and is to become Kylo Ren’s broodmare. - – — – - The trip to the medbay is the first of what Hux now understands will be a lifetime of humiliating and unbearable experiences. He’s angry at the deception, he’s angry at his father, and if it were in his power to do so he would slaughter everyone involved in the lie. He feels uprooted on the deepest level, and knows that this is a betrayal he will never recover from. He’d had no idea about his true designation. Until Snoke revealed it, Hux had thought that he, like a good deal of other First Order officers, was a beta. He hadn’t known that the moment his father realised what Hux was he’d orchestrated a massive cover-up, just to save himself from the humiliation of having an omega in the family. From a young age Hux had been selected for greatness, and Brendol Hux wouldn’t let anything stand in the way of it. Medical personnel were enlisted to keep the secret, and all throughout Hux’s career his father had been pulling strings to keep his son’s status secret. It clearly wasn’t coincidence that the medical officer Hux had been registered to on Arkanis ended up assigned to the Finalizer . Hux is on his way to see the same woman now, and he’s not sure how he’s going to restrain himself and refrain from violently assault the person who has been injecting him with suppressants and false hormones without his consent for more than half his life. She, wisely, doesn’t speak. They both know why he’s there, and he tries to fill his mind with battle strategies best suited to humid grassland terrain rather than what’s happening to him. The drugs to counteract whatever is already in his system are almost painlessly administered, and he resents that his life is so easily taken away from him. He expected there to be more to the process than a quickly delivered cocktail of drugs. The medic, as he stands to go, speaks out of turn. “I have a family,” she rushes, sounding like she’s pleading. “A husband and two little boys. Well, they were… They’ll be twenty-three and twenty-five now. I… Your father…” Hux turns sharply, fixing her with a cold glare. She withers, stammering and failing to get her next words out. Hux knows, though. The pieces fall into place easily. He vaguely remembers two young children his father took a special interest in. The medic’s family aren’t on record. Brendol took them away, as collateral. Given how long they’ve been on board starships, Hux doubts the woman has seen her children in years. He doesn’t respond. There’s nothing to say. Hux turns, stalking from the medbay as quickly as he can without running. - – — – - Facing Ren is inevitable, but Hux could have done without it being now. He’s in his quarters, nursing an overfilled glass of the most expensive Corellian brandy he owns. Having just outlined the schedule for the ceremony, he needs to be alone. Impromptu speeches and broadcasts aren’t entirely out of the ordinary, but this one will be unforgettable. Hux doesn’t know how he’s going to survive the humiliation of it. The only small comfort is that his father is still alive, and will have to suffer the fallout. Bitterly, Hux promises that if the old man doesn’t get what he deserves, he’ll hunt him down and personally deliver it to him. Ren seems completely oblivious to Hux’s need for isolation though. He lets himself in and proceeds to shatter what little calmness Hux had managed to collect. The scent of the alpha has always riled him up, and now is no exception. “I don’t mean to intrude,” Ren lies. Hux snorts dismissively at the statement, raising the glass to his lips and hoping that if he ignores Ren the man will go away. “I had no idea.” Hux doesn’t take the bait. Even if Ren is telling the truth and didn’t know, what difference does it make? It doesn’t change a thing. “It’s not something I wanted.” That lie, somehow, needles Hux too much. He glowers at Ren, wishing he could inflict serious bodily harm with just a thought. “Don’t play that game with me,” he snaps, spitting venom. “You always wanted to best me. You’ve always sought to bring me down and humiliate me. Well, now you have your golden opportunity. I hope you enjoy it while you can, because I’m not going to make it easy for you.” Ren snarls, the sound low and dangerous. “Not this. I didn’t want it like this : you handed to me on a platter as if you’re a slab of meat being thrown to a faithful pet.” “So how do you want me then?” Hux yells back, too furious and hurt to look closely at Ren’s words – that’s exactly what’s happening in this situation, and he knows it. “Skewered on your kriffing lightsaber? Is that it? Torn apart by your hands after you – and you alone – have broken me completely? Is that the kind of victory you want?” Ren takes two thunderous steps forwards and halts just in front of Hux, waves of anger rolling off of him. He seems about to strike – and Hux doesn’t care if he does; he has no intention of moving out of the way – when he stops abruptly. Hux can’t help feeling confused, and more than a little uneasy, when Ren’s expression slackens, as if all the anger and hostility is draining from him. His eyes close for a moment, and when they open they’re so alive with emotion Hux can’t possibly work out what he sees there, but they’re calmer. Ren’s whole countenance has shifted, and Hux is so surprised by it he doesn’t react. “You’ve been betrayed,” Ren says simply. “I understand how that feels.” For some reason, Hux is inclined to believe him, although he’s struggling to work out why Ren is telling him this. “I can admit to enjoying the idea of your downfall, but not like this. Even you wouldn’t stoop so low as to do this to someone else.” It’s a lie. They both know it. Hux would do anything to achieve his goals. He’s not sure why Ren allows him to have this, or why he’s extending what can only be a peace offering, but he supposes that in his position it would be unwise to refuse. He doesn’t exactly accept the gesture, but he nods tersely, and that seems to be enough for them both. “And I really had no idea.” “Do you think less of me now?” The words falls unbidden from his lips, and now that he’s voiced them Hux doesn’t know how to take them back. Ren looks confused by the question, and tilts his head a fraction as if studying him. “I don’t see any reason why I should.” Hux is too troubled to feel anything like relief, but he gives the answer another nod, feeling the tiniest fraction of tension leave his body. At least Ren hates him regardless of designation. It’s rather noble of the alpha, he thinks somewhat bitterly. They stand for several moments in complete silence, regarding each other closely. Hux soon loses interest in the confusing man, whose features he knows but hasn’t had a chance to become familiar with, and looks down at his drink. “Hux?” He looks up, surprised by the civility and softness of Ren’s tone. “I’m sorry.” The words are unnerving, and Hux quickly turns away, unable to school his features. He’s more angry than anything else, and he wants to fling his tumbler at Ren, screaming at the man for being so unfairly human all of a sudden. He can’t cope with the look of understanding and sympathy he caught in Ren’s expression. It’s not fair. Ren, seeming to understand he’d reached the limit of Hux’s tolerance, leaves. Hux finds himself alone again, cradling his drink and fighting back tears as everything he thought he’d known twists and rots away before his very eyes. - – — – - Ren turns up in Hux’s quarters again the following evening, after Hux has endured what has easily been one of the the worst days of his life so far. After a whole day of arranging what is essentially the end of his life, all the while masquerading as a General when, in reality, he’s nothing more than breeding stock dressed in uniform, he’s in no mood for company. Ren, though, has no regard for what other people want. He lets himself in again, and makes himself comfortable on the small sofa Hux reserves for no use whatsoever other than to make his quarters seem less sparse. “We should talk,” Ren announces. “There’s nothing to talk about,” Hux counters. There’s also nothing he wants to talk about. Ren, annoyingly, hums in consideration. Hux can already tell he’s going to disagree. “What about tomorrow?” Hux really doesn’t want to talk about that. “What about it?” Infuriatingly, Snoke has sent someone to officiate. They will arrive first thing, and depart after the ceremony. Hux supposes he should be grateful it’s not Snoke himself overseeing things, although he’ll no doubt be watching the broadcasts. “Have you ever been to a binding ceremony before?” Hux bites his tongue before answering: “No.” He doesn’t offer anything more than that, not explaining that they weren’t common on Arankis. There was usually very little pomp and circus around couples officially registering their bond, and as long as there was a paper trail most settled for a quiet affair. “I have,” Ren states. “Proper ones – the nauseatingly opulent Alderaan affairs they’d hold on Coruscant.” The alpha shrugs, summing up in one simple gesture what he thinks of the whole thing. While Hux might be glad that Ren will also hate this, he’s all too aware of the fact that Ren gets the infinitely better part of the deal. “I assume we won’t be going to those lengths?” Hux nods, hovering awkwardly. He hadn’t thought about the sofa. It will have to be moved. After tomorrow these will no longer be his quarters. “I tried, you know,” Ren says vaguely. “I pointed out that, as you’re going to be mine, I want the best for you, and your quarters are the best on the ship.” “He said no,” Hux deduces. “He said no,” Ren confirms. He’s not sure if it’s touching that Ren tried, or if it speaks more about just how torturous this is going to be for Ren too. Probably the latter. The alpha doesn’t strike Hux as someone who shares well. “Have you written the exchange?” And the conversation is back to the ceremony. Hux scowls, still standing. He’d rather think about his useless sofa. “Yes.” “Can I see it?” He’s going to see it eventually, Hux knows. Begrudgingly, he goes to fetch his datapad. He pulls up the succinct vows he’s chosen for them to say at the exchange of promises, and hands the thing over with a little more force than is needed. Ren reads slowly, humming. He hands the datapad back over with more care than Hux did. “They’ll do.” Hux snorts. “Oh, and what would you pick? Paragraphs detailing our undying love for each other?” Ren’s eyes narrow, but he doesn’t respond. Instead, he holds his hand out. “May I?” Hux flings the datapad at him, turning and walking away. There’s an incessant gnawing pain in his stomach that hasn’t eased all day, and he’s finally decided it must be hunger. There’s a supply of compressed meal bars in his desk drawer, and Hux goes to fetch one, eating it without relish. The stodgy thing is unusually difficult to swallow, and he has to wash it down with water. Over in the corner of his reception room, Ren is still tapping away at the datapad. When he’s done, he sits up a little straighter. “How about this?” He doesn’t hold the datapad out for Hux to read, forcing Hux to actually approach him. He peers at the screen, noting the changes and trying to decide if he’ll allow them or not. He supposes what Ren has written is a little less stiff than his own choice, but it’s not as if it matters. The union is a matter of convenience. Everyone knows that. The only issue Hux has is that it feels like a criticism of his efforts to have someone suggest something else. In the end, though, he shrugs. “Whatever.” Ren doesn’t acknowledge his allowance of the alteration, but he does keep quiet for several minutes, reading over the rest of the outline for the ceremony. “I always liked fireworks,” he mumbles, catching Hux off guard. “What?” “At the end. The pyrotechnic display.” “Well it’s obviously going to be used as promotional material for the Order. It has to look the part.” Ren hums again, flicking back to the start of the schedule. “Do you realise this is the longest time we’ve spent together without arguing?” Hux narrows his eyes, seeing the seemingly casual observation as an invitation to start an altercation. He’s deeply alarmed by the fact they haven’t been throwing barbed insults at each other, in the very least, and even moreso by the fact he hadn’t noticed. It feels as if he’s lost another integral, even if annoying, part of himself. He supposes it’s testament to how compromised he is right now that he hadn’t realised. “I quite like it,” Ren continues. “Well good for you,” Hux snaps. “Unless you want to argue,” Ren adds. “In which case…” “What are you doing here?” Hux asks, cutting across whatever weird direction the conversation is going in. “What is it that you want?” Ren shrugs, starting to stand. He sets the datapad down as he gets up, glancing at it rather than looking directly at Hux. “I can sense what you’re feeling.” “You have no right to p—” “And I know what it’s like.” The way Ren looks at him stops Hux’s rapidly expanding anger in its tracks. “How could you possibly…?” There’s a sad, somewhat annoying little smile that tells Hux that Ren isn’t going to explain himself. “And, believe it or not, I’m not the kind of alpha who can treat an omega like a possession.” It’s the first time Hux’s designation has been spoken about, and it’s jarring. “So hate me if you want,” Ren continues. “If you need to do that, fine. I might find you to be an annoying shit of a man most of the time, but I’m willing to try and make this work.” “How big of you,” Hux mutters, needled by being ranked as inferior simply because he’s an omega. “I suppose you’re not just making the effort out of the kindness of your heart.” Ren scowls. “Not entirely, no. I don’t have to care about you. My part of the deal is that I fuck you and get you pregnant. We don’t have to like each other for that to happen.” The inescapable truth is too much, and Hux grits his teeth, trying to block it out. He’s not ready to face what Snoke’s orders mean, or what he’ll have to do to fulfill them. He’s unfamiliar with everything to do with omegas – they’re not allowed within the ranks of the First Order, and are only of use when it comes to procreation. There’s no glory to be had as an omega. “I want you to like me though,” Ren adds, sounding far too young and vulnerable. Hux knows what he is, and what he’s done, and the almost childish longing is so unexpected it’s disarming. Maybe when everything has settled down he’ll have decided if he wants to like Ren or not, but at least it’s an option. He’s tempted to ask why Ren wants that, but he’s exhausted already and wants to go over the last few reports available to him before his rank is stripped away. Part of him argues that there’s no point, but it’s a matter of pride that he leaves everything in order for the next officer. “I’ll see you tomorrow then,” Ren says, drifting towards the door. “Unfortunately, yes, you will,” Hux replies dryly. “Goodnight.” Something almost like a chuckle drifts from Ren’s direction, but he’s already halfway out the door and Hux dismisses the odd sound. There are far more pressing matters with which to concern himself. - – — – - Hux doesn’t see Ren until the ceremony. Given his familiarity with public address, Hux is annoyed to find himself ill at ease: it’s the humiliation and the embarrassment he can’t handle. This is the moment in which is becomes inescapably official, and he’s stripped of his rank and status before being handed to Kylo Ren to be bred. In truth, Hux finds himself looking for Ren, wondering how the alpha will react to him. In the few short snatches of sleep he’d managed to catch that night, the oppressive panic that chased him into unconsciousness had been held at bay by a soothing voice and presence that had, for some reason, reminded him of Ren. It’s nothing, he knows, but the nearer the ceremony draws, the more he can’t help drawing strength from the idea that, somehow, through all of this, Ren might offer some sort of comfort. Neither of them want this. Dressed all in traditional white, his long tunic resting over the pressed trousers he wears, Hux finally steps out onto the stage. The audience chamber is the largest space available, and it has been repurposed for the event. Chairs have been crammed in, holorecorders trained on the raised stage, and the First Order’s insignia draped against the walls. The pyrotechnics Ren mentioned a fondness for are carefully set, and designed to give a vibrant, brilliant end to the ceremony. They have been picked mostly to embellish the broadcasts. When Hux sees Ren himself, he stills for a moment. He wants to snort at the ridiculousness of his outfit, but honestly it looks good on him. All black with fine red trim, Ren looks every bit as deadly and ferocious as he is, and he’s even found a mask to conceal his face. As they draw nearer to each other, Hux sees it’s made of a fine, close mesh, and it looks lighter and far more comfortable than the heavy thing Ren used to wear. It’s actually not bad at all, and Hux is momentarily grateful that at least the person he’s being forced to bond with is someone so powerful and renowned. And then the ceremony begins. Hux doesn’t think much of the dry old creature Snoke has sent to officiate, but at least the words are perfect. For his last show, Hux is pretty sure it could only be improved by him being the one in power and overseeing, rather than being overseen, and he feels a kick of delight, safe in the knowledge that his successor won’t excel at oration the way he does. It’s petty, but it’s his last jab at Snoke, and Hux has made sure it’s so perfectly constructed his loss will be felt keenly afterwards. When it comes to the part where they’re joined, Hux stops mentally reciting the service exactly as it should be done, and instead obeys the instruction to kneel. The gold chain, when it’s placed around his neck in a show of ownership, is the heaviest thing Hux has ever had to bear. He suddenly finds it difficult to stand, and to join hands with Ren as expected. Of all the emotions vying for place within him, it’s indignation that’s the hardest to stamp out. The urge to fling the disgusting necklace off and storm away from the charade is almost overwhelming, and his muscle twitch, tensed in anticipation of flight. It’s Ren’s hand gently squeezing his that brings Hux back to himself. He quickly regains control of his breathing, using the contact with Ren’s gloved hand as an anchor. He can feel the soft rub of leather on leather, and focuses on that. As omega, he is expected to start the exchange, offering himself to an alpha who then accepts him, or doesn’t. Hux feels like he waits a beat too long before the words fall from his lips – Ren’s words, written not even a day ago. “I offer myself to you, for the glory of your bloodline and the might of the First Order, for as long as you shall have me. All I ask in return is for the chance to honour and fulfill my purpose as your bonded partner, all other duties but those you give me forsaken in your name.” The words are, honestly, nauseating. Ren had added the part about bloodlines and duties given by him, and had struck ‘or I am fit to serve that purpose’ from Hux’s original version, but even with the changes Hux was initiating a verbal contract in which his life was no longer his own. “I accept your offer,” Ren says clearly, his voice more human in his new mask. “And in return for your loyalty and service I offer my care and protection, for as long as we both, together, can honour my bloodline and the might of the First Order.” Hux tries to conceal his surprise. Ren’s words are almost identical to the ones he typed out, with one inescapable difference. Rather than stating ‘I will’, he had said ‘I offer’. Those who aren’t familiar with the ceremony might miss the huge slip, but there will be many who notice. Alphas don’t offer; they take. Mercifully, the overseer doesn’t react in the slightest. They simply move on to the next part, and in a matter of minutes they announce that Armitage Hux is now bound to Kylo, Master of the Knights of Ren. At the end of the statement the pyrotechnics begin, and Hux struggles to turn and face the gathered crowds and the cameras. The walk from the stage to the door, his hand held in Ren’s, is the longest Hux has ever had to endure, and he’s exhausted by the end of it. The effort of standing upright and seeming dignified when he’s now nothing more than a mere possession, is possibly the hardest thing he’s had to do. All his subordinates – all the people he commanded, all the people he bested and surpassed to take control of the finest ship in the fleet and build the most magnificent weapon the galaxy had ever seen – are witnessing the fall of their once glorious General. They’re seeing the most humiliating demotion possible. No one even needs to say it: omegas simply don’t command. Hux’s position was invalidated the moment the purpose of the ceremony was announced, just over an hour ago. Hux has almost nothing left. His grip on Ren’s hand tightens as he fights back emotions he can’t afford to feel. The only thing he still has is a fragment of respectability. He was a General; he will not falter. And yet, when the long walk to Ren’s quarters is finally over and the doors shut behind them, that is taken from him too. The fragile tether holding in place the last of what Hux once was falls away, and he truly becomes nothing. - – — – - Hux can’t think of anything to say. Ren’s quarters are too cluttered and chaotic for his liking, and everything is mirrored. It’s unsettling, to say the least. Wordlessly, Hux retires to the bedroom, and curls up on his side on the large bed, staring at the wall where a transparisteel window showing him the galaxy should be. He doesn’t even care that he’s messing up his neatly pressed clothes or carefully styled hair. The only thing he does is pull the necklace off, dumping it unceremoniously on the floor. And then he lies there. There’s nothing to do: there are no reports to read, no training schedules to approve, no schematics to work on, no missions to organise, no plan to think on. Nothing. His whole life has imploded, shrinking down to this. Dully, Hux wonders if it will turn into a black hole if it collapses any more. Ren, wisely, left him alone for a while, but the first thing Hux registers after languishing in isolation and misery for some time is the sound of someone moving through the room. He doesn’t turn, but it’s something new to focus on, and he picks up on the soft, sad sigh Ren gives before stooping to pick up the chain Hux discarded. A few seconds later, Ren sits on the edge of the bed, causing the mattress to dip. “Do you accept my offer?” The words make Hux sit bolt upright, and he immediately regrets his reaction. His head hurts. He needs something to drink. It doesn’t hurt enough to distract him from Ren’s question though. “You did that on purpose!” Hux is suddenly angry. It was incredibly foolish thing for Ren to do, and if anyone knew it was intentional, Ren would be held in very poor regard. Ren’s face is visible, as he’s removed the mask, and he suddenly looks far too young and vulnerable. Hux pitches back towards confusion, not knowing which emotion is currently uppermost as Ren confirms his suspicions. “It was a mistake anyone could make,” he lies, and Hux sees right through it. Ren is looking at him pleadingly, seeming uncomfortable with having to ask again: “do you accept my offer?” “I offer my care and protection, for as long as we both, together, can honour my bloodline and the might of the First Order.” “Why did you do it?” Ren fidgets with the symbolic jewellery in his hand. For a moment Hux thinks he’s going to say that he wants Hux to like him again. “You know, on Naboo it’s considered one of the greatest privileges to be bonded to an omega. It happens on other planets too – they’re revered, rather than treated as tools.” Hux listens, wondering how it’s an answer to his question. “I wasn’t raised in the Order. I don’t think like you. I think it’s a privilege too. The way I see it, everything else has been taken from you, so what harm can changing one word and giving you a choice – even if it’s only between us – do?” A lot , Hux thinks, concerned. He frowns, wondering if Ren understands just how his slip could be interpreted. And then he thinks about that choice. It’s not much of one, and in the grand scheme of things it means nothing, but to him it’s something . “Okay,” he eventually decides. “As long as you don’t think that me disagreeing with you is dishonouring you in any way, I accept.” Ren grins, looking up at Hux in a way that’s completely disarming. Hux is taken aback – he’s never seen Ren smile before, and the effect is rather pleasing. “I’d be disappointed if you changed,” Ren says. Hux quickly looks away, down at his creased white tunic. He’s struggling to come to terms with how he feels, and which emotions are strongest within him, as they keep shifting and changing before he can process them, but he’s starting to realise it’s more than that. Something core and fundamental has altered. The counteractive drugs he’d been given seem to slowly be taking hold. Hux isn’t sure he’ll ever be ready for the thick veneer that’s built up over the years to be stripped away, revealing what he is beneath. He’s scared of what he’ll find. Beside him, Ren gives a soft sigh, standing. He puts the chain down on his bedside unit, the metal clunking heavily as it slides from his grip. “You don’t have to wear it when it’s just us,” he says. “And I’ll get you a better one. This one…” Ren doesn’t need to finish what he’s saying. He clearly thinks almost as little of the jewellery as Hux does. Hux doesn’t even take it as an affront – it’s not as if he chose the thing. It had arrived with Snoke’s officiator, and of course it had to be the biggest, heaviest jewellery possible. “You may have the bed,” Ren says as he leaves. “Goodnight, Hux.” It has to be Hux’s imagination, but for a moment he thinks Ren seems sad. Hux stares after him, and then lies back down, realising no good will come of speculating or wondering about such things right now. He doesn’t even know which way is up. Instead, he thinks about the chain resting on the table next to his head, and what it signifies. He’s surprised Ren doesn’t expect him to wear it. All legally bonded omegas wear something signifying their status, and to be seen without it could be seen as an insult to his alpha, an act of mockery, or willful sedition. Then again, if Ren’s views on bonding were formed when he was younger, and exposed to a different doctrine, it might not mean the same thing to him. Maybe on Alderaan the alphas were the one who wore the jewellery. It’s a ridiculous notion, and despite thinking for a moment about researching how omegas are treated on different planets, Hux decides against it. It might give him something to do, but it won’t change his own situation. Come to think of it, he probably doesn’t even have access to the holonet anymore. It’s a lonely, isolating thought, and Hux curls up into a tight ball, trying not to think about it. His mind instinctively turns towards work, but there is no work. Nothing he has learned throughout his whole life means anything now. He’ll never implement it again. He’s done; finished. Obsolete. His only duty now is to bear his alpha’s children. The bed doesn’t smell like Ren, Hux thinks and he turns and buries his face in the pillow, fighting back tears. The fabric is soft and worn, but fresh from the sanitation unit. Hux can detect the cleaning detergent used, but nothing of the man whose quarters he’s now expected to reside in. The bed was prepared for this – for him. He wonders how soon Ren expects to be able to take him, and how soon Snoke expects results from their union. This is all his existence amounts to now: producing heirs for a powerful alpha’s bloodline. It’s crushing. For the first time in many, many years, Hux is too overwhelmed by emotion and too eroded by what’s happening to him to fight back tears. He smothers himself with Ren’s pillow, trying to isolate himself from the universe as he breaks down and cries. Chapter 2 Summary: In which things start to get a bit too real for Hux. Notes: Thank you @omega-hux for your encouragement. I really needed it D: The first thing Hux registers upon waking is overwhelming discomfort. His mouth is dry, he has a pounding headache, and his arm is completely dead thanks to the awkward position he managed to sleep in. At least he slept, he thinks, but given how groggy and disorientated he feels it’s a small comfort. He’s still in his ceremonial dress, complete with the shoes he never bothered removing on entering Ren’s quarters, and he feels a complete mess. He can feel the dried tears on his skin and groans as he realises just how dishevelled his hair is. His functioning hand touches it, trying to restore order, as his other arm lies limply, waiting for painful sensation to return. It’s a slow and unpleasant process, but it distracts Hux for a minute or two. He focuses on the needling sensation, the flush of warmth as his nerves reawaken, and the light tingling he’s left with afterwards. It feels better than the incessant ache in his head, which isn’t even localised: his head quite simply hurts. It’s an effort to make himself get up. Hux isn’t used to lying around slovenly after he’s woken, but everything has been taken from him. If he weren’t in pain there’s be no reason to move at all. He doesn’t even know what time it is – probably early in the morning, the same time he wakes every day, but there’s no way to tell. He can’t see a chronometer in the room. There’s nothing to be done about the clothes he’s wearing. As he walks across Ren’s bedroom, gingerly patting at his hair to try and neaten it and then turning his attention to his tunic, he thinks about his own clothes. They’re all gone now, returned to circulation. He’d been issued with an off-duty set of ‘casual’ clothes once, comprising of trousers, a plain navy shirt and a black pullover, but he’d handed them back without ever wearing them. He supposes that’s what will be sent to him now, along with a fresh, standard issue pyjama set and underthings. After dressing for the ceremony yesterday he’d left the removal of his clothing and First Order issued possessions to cleaning droids. Having to return his own uniform would have been too much. He’d been so proud of it. The lighting in the main room of Ren’s quarters is low, and Hux peers cautiously around before entering. Over in the corner, on a huge, squashy looking sofa, Ren is still asleep, one leg over the top of the armrest and the other poking out from beneath the thin blanket that covers him. His breathing is soft and even, and Hux hopes he doesn’t wake easily. The small kitchen area – comprising of a sink, heating plate, and series of temperature controlled cupboards – is located in the far corner, and Hux pads towards it as softly as he can, for as much his own sake as Ren’s. He has to open two ambient temperature cupboards before he finds the one containing a mismatched collection of mugs and glasses, and he pulls down the largest one he can find. The cold water tap splutters loudly in the stillness, and Hux tenses reflexively, his headache worsening as his blood races. He fills the mug and quickly shuts the tap off, holding his breath and turning to see if Ren has woken. He hasn’t. The alpha sleeps on, completely at ease in the awkward position he’s managed to get himself into. He’s too large for the sofa, and Hux stands for a moment, taking in the other man’s size and limbs. They’re the same height, but there’s always been so much more of Ren – a fraction more height, more layers, bulkier limbs, more mass. More hair too, Hux thinks. He sips his water slowly, his eyes drawn to where Ren’s long hair splays out over the cushion he’s using as a pillow. First Order regulations state that an individual’s hair must be cut in an approved manner and worn in an neat, regulation style. Hux’s own hair is longer than most other officers’, but is still far shorter than Ren’s unruly, unkempt mane. He wonders how Ren copes with the inevitable tangles that must arise from such poor management. There’s a pair of stools at the small breakfast bar, and Hux sits on one as he finished his drink. The headache distracts him from most thoughts and feelings, but the pervasive confusion and embarrassment is still there, lurking beneath the surface. As agreeable as simply regarding Ren might be, it’s hard to continue doing so when Hux remembers what they are now – what Ren is to him. As a legally bonded couple, there’s a lot that’s now expected of him which Hux never thought he’d have to give to anyone, least of all the man he’d been sharing a strained command relationship with for the last few years. He knows he will never be able to love Ren, even if he somehow gets used to his new life and what he is. Finishing his water, Hux pads as softly as possible to the refresher. The automatic light level when he turn it on is too much. He winces, feeling jarred by the excessive luminescence, and hastily reduces the level to a more manageable fifty per cent. His movements as he washes are slow: lethargic, not leisurely. There’s nothing to look forwards to, except perhaps sorting through his personal belongings. The single storage crate containing them was probably delivered to Ren’s quarters during the ceremony, as he’d ordered, but Hux hasn’t seen it. There’s not much he wishes to retrieve – his hair products, perhaps, and the copy of Gloriae Imperium his father gave him, although the thought of that book and his father leaves a bitter taste in Hux’s mouth. His whole life up until this point was irrevocably tied to the First Order. He was taken in by his father and resculpted: repurposed for the cause. No part of him has been left untouched by that goal, and now he’s completely worthless. He idly wonders what his father’s reaction to this whole thing has been. Bitter rage and disappointment, he guesses. As for his mother… Hux allows his thoughts to turn to her for the first time in years. He doubts that she is still living. Given that his first few years had been with her, and her alone, Hux is inclined to believe his father either didn’t want his bastard son until claiming him became necessary, or his mother wanted to keep him away from his father and the life she knew he’d be consumed by. He wonders what would have become of him if his father had known then, when the Empire fell and the frantic scramble to recover as much of value as possible before retreating to the Outer Rim, that his son was an omega. He’d probably have been left behind with his mother. Back out in the main room, Ren is still asleep. Hux carefully drinks another mug of water, knowing he should retreat to the bedroom but finding himself somehow unable to do so. His head still hurts too much to think straight, and there’s an uneasiness growing in his stomach that spiders out along his limbs. He’s starting to feel restless in a claustrophobic, smothered way, and doesn’t want to be alone with what he’s feeling. Normally the cure would be to throw himself wholeheartedly into his work but that’s no longer an option. Staring at Ren and trying to understand the man Hux barely even knows is the best he can distract himself with. Halfway through his third mug, Ren stirs. He turns over with a low murmur, and a few seconds later is blinking, looking across the room at Hux. Hux hasn’t stopped staring: his headache is slowly easing now he’s better hydrated, but his mind still needs the distraction of trying to work out which parent Ren inherited his peculiar looks from. “Hey,” Ren says. His voice is rough and low, still half asleep within his throat. “Did you sleep well?” “I believe so,” Hux manages. He watches as Ren sits up, long limbs extending as he stretches. It makes him look almost feline, although with the way he responds to Supreme Leader Snoke’s orders and begs for praise Hux had always considered him more an insipid, faithful little pet. Snoke , Hux thinks bitterly, blaming the creature fully in that moment for everything happening to him. The deception set in place by Brendol Hux had been so good and, really, there had been no reason to expose it. Despite his failure with Starkiller Base – which would have been humiliation enough for him to endure – Hux still held promise within the ranks of the First Order. He had given so much, and still had so much to give. Ren, oblivious to Hux’s inner turmoil, comes into the kitchen area and opens a cupboard. “Are you hungry?” Reflexively, Hux shakes his head. He doesn’t miss the way Ren raises an eyebrow to say he doesn’t believe him, but the alpha turns away again, pulling down a bland meal bar without saying anything. He makes quick work of it, and Hux is mildly impressed. He always needs to wash each bite down with a drink. “Your stuff’s over there,” Ren says, gesturing towards the door. Sure enough, a standard black storage crate sits nestled in the shadows cast by the low light. “You were asleep.” It’s not much of an explanation, but Hux doesn’t think anything of it. He’s already moving towards the crate. He kneels beside it, opening the panel, and stares down at his possessions. A lump forms in his throat the moment he sees what’s uppermost: his uniform, the command cap nestled atop neatly folded garments. “I thought you might want to keep it,” Ren says from somewhere just behind Hux, sounding almost kind. Hux both does and doesn’t want to keep it, and he hesitates a moment before reaching out and touching the familiar, comforting material. It’s both wonderful and terrible, and he doesn’t know how to react. The uniform was his armour – his skin – and it’s been peeled away from him and carefully stowed away like a pelt from a hunting trip. He doesn’t know if its presence is comforting or devastating “We’ll need to get you some new clothes,” Ren continues, sounding unsure of himself. “Do you have any preference for what’s sent?” Hux shakes his head, fingers now playing with the smooth, sleek collar of his folded uniform. It had fit so well. It had been part of him. He has no idea what he’s supposed to cloak himself with now. When he finally moves his uniform he can’t help giving a choked sob. The humiliating reaction is impossible to bite back in time, and he trembles, fingers tightening on the clothing he holds. His belongings have been rearranged so that his greatcoat can nestle in the centre of the crate, carefully folded and rolled to take up as little space as possible. Of all the things Hux misses already, he hadn’t realised this was one of them. “Are you happy now?” he finds himself asking, his voice bitter and broken. He hates the way he’s falling apart, and the painful, unbearable ache in his chest that blossoms as he looks at what his now former life is reduced to. The very last thing he expects is to hear Ren give a soft sigh and then kneel carefully beside him. For someone with so much mass, the alpha can be incredibly graceful, and he settles almost silently beside Hux, his bare hand reaching out to touch Hux’s greatcoat. His hands are broad, Hux notices, and bear scars and recent grazes over his knuckles, no doubt from training. They’re a warrior’s hands. “The first time I saw you, you were wearing this,” Ren says. “You looked so puffed up and self-important. All I wanted to do was deflate you, bring you brought down to size.” “Well congratulations,” Hux bites back, “you’ve succeeded.” Ren huffs, continuing to rub the greatcoat with his thumb. “We all have our armour – our way of hiding what we don’t want anyone else to see. You made yours so much a part of you, though.” Hux isn’t sure where this is going, and he feels unsteady. Emotions he can’t identify are being drawn from him, and he dislikes it. Ren isn’t trying to be argumentative. If anything, the man seems to be reminiscing. “I never wanted that to be taken from you – not really. As irritating as you can be, you’re a proud man. Even if I could never agree with your methods, I could respect your dedication.” That seems to be it, and Ren falls silent. His attention is still fixed on the greatcoat, and Hux doesn’t know what to say in response. He opens and closes his mouth, his throat oddly tight and lips failing to form words. He knows something is expected of him, but for once in his life he can’t figure out what it is. Reciprocation, perhaps? Is he supposed to thank Ren for his little speech? Hux can recognise that it’s possibly some attempt at making amends, but he’s on the cusp of the unknown. He’s not quite sure how to let go of the instinctive animosity and hostility he harbours towards Ren. Instead of answering, he stands. “Hux?” He tries to ignore the way everything goes dark for a moment as the blood fails to reach his brain. He wavers, finally evening out. “I should put my things away,” he announces, looking around the busy room. It occurs to him that he has no idea how he’s supposed to insert himself into Ren’s life. There’s no space for him. Ren is standing by his side, a hand hovering over Hux’s shoulder for a moment before he finally makes contact. The warm, heavy touch makes Hux look round a little too fast, and his fading headache pulses in protest. “Eat first.” Hux’s attention is fixated on the point where Ren touches him, and he stares at the calloused hand, wondering how he’s supposed to react. “Come,” Ren urges. “I’m not a kriffing child,” Hux snaps as he’s moved towards the kitchenette. “No,” Ren actually agrees, rummaging in the cupboard again. “But you’ve not eaten in the last eighteen hours at least. I don’t want you passing out on my floor, or being any crankier than usual. Here.” He tosses over a sealed packet of something , and Hux’s eyes widen in horror when he sees what it is. “You stole this!” Ren raises an eyebrow at Hux’s protest. “Really?” Hux fumes for a moment, weighing up the pros and cons of admonishing Ren for helping himself to luxury ingredients from the stores, until mental exhaustion wins through. He doesn’t know what he’d say. What does it matter to him anyway? It’s not as if he’s in command anymore. He takes the packet of dried jaeberries and opens it, resigned. The sweetness is a little too much, and at the first taste his jaw seizes up. It’s food, though, and Ren is right – he hasn’t eaten in almost a day. He chews slowly and carefully, enjoying the treat that is usually reserved for decorating the cakes prepared for formal occasions. Ren is watching him, and Hux finds himself frowning. The attention is disconcerting. “What?” Ren says nothing though, and looks away. “Ren,” Hux tries to warn, annoyed by the silence. He has zero authority now, though. He’s beneath anyone’s notice. Stripped of rank, exposed as an omega, bonded to his adversary and now standing in said alpha’s quarters wearing the rumpled clothes he’d slept in and eating sweet berries like a pathetic child, he really is nothing. “You like them.” Hux isn’t sure why the statement leaves him speechless. He hesitates, processing the words and finding them to be true. “I can get you more. Is there anything else you like?” Hux looks down at the packet of fruit, suddenly embarrassed. “I… I don’t know.” It pains him to admit it, but other than a preference for sweetener in his caf and cinnamon on his oats, Hux doesn’t know what he likes. There’s so little variety in the food available and he treats meals as if they’re a chore. They get in the way of his work, and Hux often skips them, sometimes intentionally. Ren looks, for once, completely out of his depth, and he’s avoiding looking at Hux so much so that he might as well be staring. His embarrassment makes Hux feel worse, and crushes the packet in his hand, longing to be elsewhere. “I’ll see what I can find,” Ren manages. “I need to go. I have duties to…” He trails off, clearly at a loss. “Put your things wherever, just not in the study.” Ren starts moving away, brushing past Hux as he heads towards the refresher. “And help yourself to food.” Hux stares at the floor, feeling smaller than ever. It wasn’t quite understanding he’d felt growing between them – more the first tentatives steps of a relationship where they didn’t need to constantly needle each other – but that atmosphere dissipates in an instant. Ren’s awkwardness shows that his poorly chosen words are simply a mistake, but Hux feels them keenly all the same. Ren has places to be and things to do, while Hux no longer has anything. He is a kept pet at best – at Ren’s mercy and having to rely on his charity – and he isn’t even a valued one at that. Setting the barely touched packet of jaeberries down on the counter, Hux turns and walks back into Ren’s bedroom. - – — – - Ren comes into the bedroom to fetch some clothes shortly after Hux has settled down on the bed again, his back to the door, but Ren’s stay is mercifully brief. He says, in a more familiar, purposeful tone, that he’ll be back within a few hours, and then he leaves. Hux is, for the most part, relieved to be alone. The headache hasn’t quite gone, but the lingering ache that remains feels different, and when coupled with the way his body is starting to feel, he’s beginning to suspect it has nothing to do with dehydration. The uneasiness isn’t just due to the overwhelming humiliation and distress: something within him is changing. It feels, frighteningly, like he’s peeling apart, layers being scrubbed away by the drug that courses through his veins, growing stronger each passing day. So this is what being an omega means , Hux thinks miserably. He hates the way he feels more of himself slipping away, washing down into the tumultuous storm of emotions growing within him. His calm, collected self is becoming harder and harder to reach, and it’s jarring to realise that he can’t support himself through this. Still, he doesn’t want anyone to see it happening. He doesn’t want anyone to witness the way he’s falling apart. This time bitter rage that tears through him, rising up and consuming him until his eyes are stinging with acrid tears. He’s furious at his father for the deception that has cost him everything, and rationality is falling away. He lies there, humiliated and seething, and flings dagger after dagger at the image of Brendol Hux he holds in his mind, tearing the twisted old man down further and further until the thought of him is shredded and ruined beyond recognition. Hux doesn’t understand how his father could have done this. He must have thought his own son too weak to be trusted with the truth, as if Hux somehow knowing what he was would cause him to… to what? Embrace his designation? Hux would have torn every part of omega out of himself if he’d known what he was and could have done anything about it. He’s helpless now, though, and at the mercy of his own traitorous body. The urge to lash out rises within him, until he yanks the pillow towards him and screams into it, frustration and anger tearing his throat raw as he tries to voice it. He doesn’t recognise himself. He doesn’t know who he is. The headache is back. He’s thirsty. His body itches with a nameless, needling discomfort. There’s no way Hux can trust himself to go through to the kitchenette for a drink though, no matter how much he needs one. He needs to tear the world apart, and knows he’ll only end up smashing something in his anger and frustration. He recklessly chooses to remain where he is, fists curled into tight, painful balls, condemning himself to suffer whatever it is that’s happening to him. - – — – - When Ren returns, Hux is drifting between unconsciousness and wakefulness. His insides feel like they’re being churned in a blender, and he’s too exhausted from all the emotions coursing through him to try to direct any of them. He leaves them be, his mind detached from what is going on with his body out of necessity: he can’t think he way out of this one. The mattress dips as Ren takes a seat, and Hux feels himself relax, despite the vast presence of the other man. “You should drink something.” Ren’s voice is warm and strong, and Hux immediately fixates on it. It’s like dry land after years adrift, and he obeys without thinking. A cool mug is pressed into his hands when he sits up, and he raises it to parched lips, remembering through reflex what it is he needs to do to fulfill the command. “How are you feeling?” Hux scowls. Even if he were willing to tell anyone, he doesn’t have the words. He glares at Ren over the top of the mug, resenting the stupid question. “Terrible,” he eventually bites out – he sounds it too. His voice is thin and raw, and it hurts to speak. “I can’t imagine,” Ren says gently. “My parents betrayed me too, but not like this.” There’s a pause as Hux takes another drink of water, feeling ashamed of the broken, almost worthless thing he has become. “This is your first heat, isn’t it?” Hux freezes at Ren’s words, his blood running cold. He’s beyond horrified as he realises that’s what’s happening to him. How had he missed it? Why had no one told him it would happen so soon? “If you need it, I’ll help, in any way I can,” Ren continues. Hux barely hears Ren’s words. Everything shudders and twists, and the horrifying truth crashes in, searing through him. Now everything burns. He can barely breathe through the fire consuming him. “Hey! Hux!” He realises that his hands are trembling when Ren takes the mug from his fierce grip. His whole body is spinning out of control, kicked into overdrive by a biological imperative he cannot understand and does not want. Ren is hastily lowering the mug to the ground, and then he takes Hux’s hands, his touch cool and grounding. “Hux, you’re okay. Just listen to me.” Hux hears himself give a strained, panicked whimper of laughter, still struggling to draw breath. A detached, distant part of his mind watches, mortified, as panic threatens to consume him. “Just listen,” Ren repeats. His voice is calm and steady, and wraps around Hux, binding him to the command. Hux dimly wonders if this is the Force, or if he’s so desperate for sanctuary he’s ready to obey anything Ren says. He doesn’t care which is the truth. “I’m not going to let anything happen to you. I offered you my care and protection, didn’t I?” Hux isn’t sure if he’s supposed to answer or not, but nods. The hands holding his move carefully over his still trembling digits in a clear effort to help soothe him. Hux can feel something almost like a void within Ren – deep, calm nothingness – and he longs to disappear into it. “Slow your breathing. Try to match mine.” It’s hard to hear over his own frantic heartbeat. Hux has to watch for the cues more than listen, and finds that Ren’s rate of respiration is impossibly slow. It’s steady and even, and he’s sure he’ll never match it, but as the minutes slip by he manages; little by little he regains control. With the calm, deep breaths he feels his mind clearing, and although his thoughts and emotions are still a chaotic mess they’re no longer threatening to suffocate him. “That’s it,” Ren says, sounding satisfied with Hux’s effort. He doesn’t pull his hands away, and for that Hux is grateful. He’s not ready for that small gesture of support to be withdrawn. “Did you manage to eat or drink anything while I was out?” Hux bites his lip before answering. “No.” “That’s okay,” Ren nods, as if he’d expected the answer. “We can have something together. Want to get changed first? I had some clothes brought for you.” The loss Hux feels when Ren moves away, letting go of his hands, if far more profound than he would have thought possible. He can’t help leaning after Ren, hating his own weakness and desperation. Ren glances back at him, his gaze apologetic, before disappearing into the main room and leaving Hux confused and adrift. How he managed to go from respectable general – calm, collected and independent – to insignificant breeding fodder, desperate for Kylo Ren’s touch, of all people, he doesn’t know. He would never have dreamed of acting like this just a few days ago, and yet now he can’t stop himself rising on unsteady legs, gravitating towards the one person who seems to make sense in all of this. Ren is clearly surprised to see him standing. He enters the room carrying so much clothing he can barely see over it, and has to stop short so he doesn’t collide with Hux. “I hope there’s something in here you like.” Hux is bemused by the variety being tipped onto the bed before him. Most of it is certainly not standard issue: there are several tops made of thick, non-approved materials; both long and short sleeve shirts in a variety of colours; trousers made of luxurious cotton as well as a pair made of a strange dark blue fabric; and different coloured underwear. Ludicrously, some of the socks even have patterns on them. “I wasn’t aware that the civilian wardrobe for undercover operatives was so… extensive,” he murmurs, sifting through the pile and pulling out some of the simpler garments he feels comfortable selecting. If Ren notices that he’s deliberately going for the plain clothes, he doesn’t mention it. “You’d be surprised how much stuff is sitting in storage,” Ren says, “and also what you can bring back from away missions. Here, you’ll like these.” He confidently picks out three almost identical pairs of socks, the only difference between them being the coloured spots, and hands them over. The moment Hux touches them his eyes widen in amazement: he’s never felt anything so soft. “Where did you get them?” Ren shrugs dismissively and doesn’t answer. Hux is too taken by the incredible feeling of the fabric against his skin to really notice though. “There’s time to shower before we eat, if you like.” “Oh, um, yes. Of course,” Hux stutters. He’s already feeling a little better for the distraction of picking out an outfit, but the promise of a shower helps him draw himself together. It gives him a sense of purpose, however insignificant in the grand scheme of things, and he likes to hope that he’ll feel better after it. At the very least there will be a line drawn between himself and the ceremony. “I’ll take care of this,” Ren says firmly, nodding to the discarded clothes. “I’ve already set fresh towels out for you.” Something other than his body’s rapidly changing chemistry causes Hux to flush, and he gathers his chosen outfit to him and looks down, mumbling his thanks as he leaves. He despises the idea of living at someone else’s charity, but Ren seems so genuinely kind and thoughtful it doesn’t feel like he’s being given handouts or tolerated with thinly veiled irritation. Given their history, Hux wouldn’t be surprised if Ren took full advantage of the situation and used it to further humiliate him – which is something Hux is sure he would do if their positions were reversed – but so far Ren has been nothing but kind and civil towards him; compassionate, even. Hux thumbs the soft fabric of the socks, trying to muster anger and frustration towards Ren. He can’t do it. The refresher is laid out for him, with the promised fresh towels warming on the towel rail and toiletries set out for his use. As he sets his clothes down on the counter and then strips, doing his utmost to avoid catching his own reflection, Hux wonders how he could have been so wrong about Ren. Perhaps he hadn’t been wrong at all, but this side – the softness, consideration and kindness – was reserved for omegas, so of course he’d never seen it before. He could hate and resent Ren for being so fickle and treating people purely based on their designation, but as he slips beneath the cool water of the fully functioning shower, he decides he’d rather be grateful that he’s not being treated the way he knows alphas treat omegas – their own or otherwise. It’s as he’s rinsing the soap from his still-too-hot skin that Hux’s stomach sinks right down through his feet and washes into the drain. Omegas exist to be bred, and if this is his first heat it means that he’s now fit for that purpose. The thought of being fucked soon – later in the day, or perhaps that night – and falling pregnant so quickly terrifies him, and the calmness he’d managed to find in his cleansing routine is shattered. The thought of it is horrifying. He’s not ready for that, and all that it entails. He’s not even started to come to terms with being an omega. To carry a child is… unthinkable. He doesn’t want to leave the refresher. He doesn’t even want to leave the shower. It’s more than just the cool temperature of the recycled water making him shiver. It’s all too sudden. He’s not ready. He doesn’t think he will ever be ready. But Ren will. As an alpha, he’ll expect to breed; he’ll expect to have an omega handed to him, and will think nothing of utilising the tool he’s given. It won’t matter to him that most omegas have had their whole adult lives to prepare for the ordeal, whereas Hux has had… what? Three days? Nothing in the galaxy can make him budge from where he stands, frozen, as the full, horrific reality of his situation closes in around him. Hands resting over his stomach tense, blunt nails biting at his skin. The thought of his stomach distending grotesquely with Ren’s – anyone’s – child makes him feel sick, and determined to tear out every part of his sex that makes him a weak, disposable tool. He’s startled from his thoughts by a knocking at the door, and inhales sharply, almost falling backwards. “Hux?” He scrambles with the controls, shutting off the water. “I’m fine!” he shouts in an attempt to feign normalcy. It’s only after he’s done so that he can’t work out why he’s done it. He stands, still shivering, in the shower cubicle, unsure of what to do next. “Hux, will you let me in?” “No!” he cries out, panicking. He fumbles for the towels, managing to smack his elbow painfully in the process. “I’m fine!” he repeats, desperately hoping Ren will go away. “I’m not going to hurt you, I promise.” He can tell from Ren’s voice that the alpha isn’t going to relent, and he wraps himself as securely as he can in the warm towel. It doesn’t matter what Ren promises: he’s going to hurt him anyway. When the door opens, Hux is all but cowering in the corner of the shower, and Ren takes one look at him before visibly deflating, concern clear in the way he regards Hux. Still, Hux doesn’t trust the act, and keeps his guard up. “Hux, what is it?” Hux’s only response is to shake his head in refusal, curling in on himself when Kylo takes a tentative step forward. “I won’t hurt you. Please, trust me.” Ren sounds desperate, and Hux watches him warily, trying to work out how to reconcile the apparent concern with the selfishness he knows is inherent in alphas and will soon make an appearance. He wants to believe that he can trust Ren, but how can he trust someone who has every intention of defiling his body and forcing him to carry their child? “Hux, please,” Ren tries again, his voice soft and pleading. “Whatever is scaring you, we can talk about it.” “How did you know!? Were you spying on me!?” “What? No! Nothing like that!” Ren hastily reassures him. He falters, looking hesitant for a moment. “It’s just that I can sense, you know, emotions. You seemed distressed. I wanted to make sure you’re okay.” Hux has never been further from okay in his life, and he stands there, staring incredulously at Ren, still shivering and clutching the towel tightly around him. “Everything’s perfect,” he says a little shrilly, aiming for sarcastic but missing it completely. “Come,” Ren says gently, holding out his hand. Hux stares at it, realising he’s expected to take it. A traitorous part of him desperately wants to. “We can talk about it.” Hux shakes his head. “No. I don’t want to do it. I don’t want to do this.” Ren stills, cocking his head as if processing Hux’s words. His hand slowly lowers, and Hux feels as if he’s lost something. “I don’t want you to breed me.” His words are garbled, pushed out in a rush. He’s still staring at Ren’s hand, both wanting and despising it. He can’t look anywhere else, too afraid of Ren’s reaction and the repercussions to do so. “I know,” Ren whispers. His voice is fragile, and all too vulnerable. It’s terrible. When Hux manages to look up, Ren’s gaze is fixed on the floor, his hair falling fowards and hiding most of his face. He seems… hurt? “Obviously that’s what Snoke wants and expects of us,” he continues. “I know that. But until you are okay with that, and want it…” Ren looks up, his gaze sad and his expression solemn. “I meant what I said. I’ll protect you, for as long as I can. I can’t – I won’t – force myself on you, no matter who demands it of me.” Hux is left breathless, and stares at Ren in astonishment. “You’d defy his orders?” “I don’t want you to hate me.” He’s said the same thing two days ago, and the answer is so sincere and disarming that Hux has nothing to say in response. He believes it: he believes that Ren actually cares what he thinks about him. Still holding the towel tightly so it won’t slip, Hux carefully offers his hand. Like everything else about him it’s tentative and shaky, and for a moment he’s afraid that Ren won’t react. He can’t help giving a weak huff of relief when Ren takes his hand, his large, strong hand supporting Hux’s with ease as he steps out of the shower. Hux sees the same relief echoed in Ren’s expression, and waits patiently as his hand is raised to a plush mouth, and soft, supple lips kiss the back of his fingers. The gesture warms him. It makes him feel cherished. “I’ll give you anything you want.” Ren promises. “Just ask it of me.” Hux nods in acknowledgement, feeling at a loss. He’s not sure he should trust Ren entirely, yet everything about the alpha encourages him to: his words, his actions, the way he gazes at Hux as if he’s the most important thing to him in the galaxy. “Give me a minute and I’ll be out,” he says. Ren gives a small smile, his calloused thumb running over the back of Hux’s fingers gently before he lets go. The gesture makes Hux feel as if he’s done something right, and he wonders when and how such a simple response from Ren became so rewarding. “I’ll be waiting,” the alpha promises.