It starts off almost by accident, but later, Han will blame Snoke. Kylo will not. Fasting meditation, Snoke explains, drilling every kind of meditation known to Sith and Jedi alike into his pupil, is a kind of Force-strengthening connection achieved by denying one’s self food for several days. There may have been other things following that, but the one that sticks in Kylo’s mind are the words ‘Darth Vader, as Anakin, never managed it for long’ and everything before and after becomes white noise at that point. His mind focuses in on that concept, on the idea of outdoing the man whose legacy he is meant to uphold. In some ways he is his father’s son; he cannot back down from a challenge. The first day is easy, barely an annoyance. The second proves a bit detrimental to his balance, makes his lightsaber practice less graceful, his sparring more hit than dodge. On the third he can feel the body his mind inhabits start to genuinely resent him. He is dizzy, he stumbles. The Force is no closer than it once was. He would quit if it weren’t for Lord Snoke’s voice, the look on his face. Snoke never actually says Kylo is failing, that he is faltering at the same point his grandfather did, because he doesn’t have to. Kylo says it to himself as he lays awake the third night with grit teeth. He’s determined to succeed, not just at this but at everything. A deeper connection to the Force could change the outcome of the coming war and the future of the galaxy. He has no excuse to cave in to a base instinct like an animal. He can’t sleep, so he exercises. He does laps around the training room, forces his body into flips and kicks he has let himself become ill-practiced in, pushes himself until spots float in his vision. The Force will enter him if he has to make it through sheer power of will. When he calls his lightsaber to him he moves like a whirlwind, ignoring the furious pounding of his heart, ripping apart practice droids with a near-blind fervor. Only when he’s washing himself off in the fresher and preparing for a meeting, when the fatigue sets in, does he feel the ache in every inch of himself that begs for just a bite of something, anything. Kylo avoids the mess hall to show up early to a meeting for once, a simple debriefing he barely follows, getting into an argument with Hux over the number of troops needed for a mission, the value of a supply depot, the usual. All the while the pain in his stomach is burning into a new sensation. By the time he leaves, he actually has a spring in his step again, movements quick and senses sharper than they’ve ever been. Snoke is barely congratulatory. Meeting a bare minimum is hardly cause for celebration. Kylo, high on a euphoric rush, does not need his approval for once. He is a new man, looking at a new galaxy. In the Force he senses everyone, their acts, intents, where they go and what danger they possess, all at once, at all times. He beats his own personal records in training. His aim has never been better, reflexes never so sharp, and before the fall of the fourth night he has decided that the rule about only going far enough to get a breakthrough and then eating need not apply to him. Kylo is not like the Sith of the past. They had other Sith to carry the load, to do what must be done. That is a luxury he will not have until Force users are found, trained, and put under his employ. So if he takes the meal delivered to his quarters and dumps it into the trash, that’s really just to the benefit of the First Order, honestly. No one needs to know what he’s doing. They are not strong with the Force. Their ignorance of it means they could never comprehend the necessity of his actions. It isn’t their fault any more than it was his for being born with the Force. Fate picked who it would. He was just doing what he had to in order to fulfill his destiny. Kylo runs. He runs, he kicks, he gets back to basics with Captain Phasma, who increasingly has problems wiping the floor with him in unarmed combat. He is just too fast, too full of energy, alert and moving before he himself knows it. They fight to draws for multiple days. He stretches out his reach to people across the ship. His body trembles from time to time as if with terror. Survive, the Force whispers to him. Do not die. His body thinks it is under attack or in some life or death situation and the galaxy unfurls like a blooming flower before him, minds like stars in the dark sky, endless but finally visible. He keeps himself in motion as if he were being chased. On the sixth day he finds food impossible to resist, so he eats, to his eternal shame, a full breakfast that weighs down on his insides like a rock. Kylo knows he has made a terrible mistake. He also knows that food is energy and energy can be spent, can be gotten rid of, so he gets to it and learns all kinds of new punches from another Captain, whom he doesn’t mention to Phasma. He needs to train with more people. He needs to be better. There is too much riding on him for him to think outdoing his grandfather in a single area suffices. When he’s in his room alone he sits on the floor and feels a chill set into him from some source he cannot place. Having heard the Light compared to warmth many times, this must be the Dark, then, an icy handful of tendrils that lace their way through his veins. He ignores the growling of his stomach in favor of listening to the symphony of thoughts and intentions around him. People are distinct even with his eyes shut now, somehow, as if each wore a unique hue in the eyes of the Force. They can be tracked, they can be read, and when the time comes they can be undone. Kylo slips into their minds through the cracks in their colors, ink dropped into water, and takes over. He is living poison. The First Order advances. Snoke is pleased enough to continue his training, each technique and each idea less intimidating now that he knows his tie to the Force is so strong. His meals are carefully calculated according to rules he makes up on his own. Vegetables are more filling with less energy to work off afterwards. Milk is right out when water does the same job. Tea becomes his new beverage of choice, warm and filling enough to ease him into rest without snapping his Force connection. He learns that the more water he has before he eats, the less he wants to eat when he starts. There are, of course, problems with his new lifestyle. The first is his temper. He has never been so quick to anger in all his life, which, combined with his Force abilities, leaves Kylo a danger to every human, droid and object around him. The first time he rips apart a room he is breathless, the Force thrumming through his pulse point, heartbeat in his head, half-dizzy with rage. Snoke is disappointed but not enough to ease up on the pace of his training. Things must be worse than he thought, then. Kylo tries not to, but his starving body is defensive and takes everything as a threat or an insult. He is impossible to work with while also outranking everyone, thus meaning they have to work with him. When he loses it during combat practice and breaks Phasma’s arm, she informs him rank be damned, he’ll need to find someone else to train with. So he does. He has a rotation of people because dealing with Kylo Ren’s temper tantrums is too much for one person to deal with on a daily basis. This is when he learns to catch blaster bolts in midair. The fear and shock in the heart of the man who fired is enough to spur him onward. Let them hate, so long as they fear. Empires do not build themselves. Then comes the paranoia. The Force is strong in him but it is so because it thinks he is actually dying, so things that are not threats flare up on his radar. Everyone is a potential traitor. If he isn’t actively in someone’s mind he assumes they’re talking about him. They’re all plotting against him. None of them want him to succeed. None of them even know him or what it is to be the last real hope the First Order has of pushing forward and winning. Who gave them the right to judge his life as if they had any inkling of what it was to be the only Force user in the organization besides Snoke? He feels vaguely superior to them, slaves to their physical bodies, curled up over plates of food that hinder their clarity, shoving every morsel down like slobbering banthas. Kylo is no animal, he isn’t some child with no impulse control, and he’ll show them. He’ll make all of them fear him too much to lash out. He will put an end to their threats before they arise. He finds his robes are no longer fitting as well as they once did, now have excess room between fabric and skin. Kylo is oddly comforted by it. He is hidden, he is there but not there, he is like darkness itself, present where no one can see. In his room he examines himself with great satisfaction. His ribs are easily counted, well-defined, collarbones sharp as knives, even his hipbones beginning to jut out as if in defiance. His bones are armor, armor he is always in, armor that will keep him safe from the gossiping underlings, angry Resistance and even Snoke’s duplicity. When he twists, he can see some of his spine. This makes him frown, because there is still clearly work to be done. Fat clings to him, weighing him down, and he would be faster without it. He needs to be faster. He needs to hit harder. He needs to fold himself further into the darkness until he is a barely glimpsed shadow of death. Kylo is always cold, so he is always in layers under his robes. He discovers twelve days is the limit of his abilities before even the Force will not save him from passing out. Stubbornly, he waves off the medical droid that found him. This is when Snoke tells him to take care to control himself. Kylo’s ears hear you are still failing . He shakes with the effort of not going down to the kitchens and forcing everything he can find down his own throat. He wants to as badly as he fears it. He wakes up with bruises on his legs where his knees knocked against other flesh and grits his teeth, calling heavily upon the Force to get out of bed. As much as he wants to quit, he’s close to a breakthrough, he can feel it, it lurks just behind the corner, just a few days away. He has not come this far to trip at the finish line. The mission to retrieve the map goes awry due to his weakness. Kylo should know better than to rise to a taunt about his family but he can feel every eye on him, knows that they’ll all figure it out, they’ll all lose faith in him, this man is going to undo him, and he kills him when he isn’t supposed to before he realizes what he’s done. Poe Dameron is the only reason he’s able to salvage the unmitigated disaster, Poe is his excuse to claim he had a plan, to go chasing after the droid. The traitor is at least not his fault, but Phasma’s. It feels good to have someone else make an error he can blame things on, which he immediately does. Hux’s Stormtrooper plan is a mess, Phasma should have escorted the trooper herself, there are a lot of things to take the heat off him and he says each with confidence. He knows even Snoke doesn’t really believe in him, thinks he isn’t capable. Well, fine. Kylo doesn’t need him, he’ll kill him later, when things are more stable, when he’s got a handle on the situation. If he thought he could trip Kylo up by not sending more resources to help with the map, he has another thing coming entirely. Phasma tries to pacify his latest bout of rage with an actual meal on a tray she had some droid bring up and it hits him she’s in on it, she wants him to be weak, to fail, so she can blame everything on him too, just like how Hux is using this to push his weapon agenda forward. He throws the tray and the Captain out of the room with a single movement and the urge to kill is as overwhelming as the urge to run is for several long, tense moments. Everyone is the enemy and everyone is a monster and Kylo is so angry he doesn’t realize he’s afraid. He tries desperately to contact his grandfather through the Force, since Darth Vader, at least, would not begrudge Kylo the aid he needs in this moment. Instead, a young woman appears before him, her hair done up in a style he has never seen before, a pale blue apparition who places a hand on his cheek with great sympathy in her voice. “Oh, Ben… you’re just as stubborn as Ani,” she sighs. Terrified, he bolts from the room quick as lightning, as if she were a threat to his very existence. He can’t tell friend from foe – does that mean he can’t tell real from fake anymore? What was that? He refuses to go find out. He has business to attend to even as his heartbeat hurts in his own chest. Rey’s mind being picked apparently wasn’t enough to cow her into submission and if he weren’t always ready to kill something he might be impressed. He can feel the back of his collar press against the top of his spine when he whirls around from the empty chair, feels the Force struggle to keep him going. There is no time for a break to eat now of all times and so he tries to call upon his only other source of strength, tries to summon the Force to him. Rey’s presence has let the Light in, but he can overcome that setback, focus on the Dark, and when this is all over with he can make her pay for deliberately sullying the darkness all around him. Even people he just met want to do him in. There is no one left who doesn’t want to destroy everything he’s worked for. “Find them,” he tells his troops, separating from them before they can stab him in the back as well. If he could he would run this whole place alone. It certainly feels as though he and his armor of bones are alone here. But what else does he need, really? “Ben!” The voice is familiar, a bark of a name he hasn’t heard in years, and he falters. He falters and is too tired to walk away again, despite screaming at his legs mentally to move, his bony legs whose thigh tops he can wrap both hands around and fit in his hands, his legs that he burned every ounce of weakening fat from through months of hard work. Kylo is well within the limits of how long he could go without food. He doesn’t understand why his body is betraying him. The Force tells him Han Solo won’t kill him and he’s fairly certain that’s true, yet that’s no excuse for turning to speak to him. Kylo isn’t thinking clearly. That is nothing new. He presses on. “Han Solo.” Somewhere in the abyss Snoke tries to get through to his head and Kylo can’t hear him over the burning pit of his empty stomach. He tries to remain stoic as Han approaches. “I’ve been waiting for this day for a long time.” Only Han Solo could manage to sound annoyed at the leader of the Knights Of Ren. “Take off that mask. You don’t need it.” Kylo’s lips quirk in a mirthless smile. “What do you think you’ll see if I do?” “The face of my son.” Ben’s cheeks are sharper, his eyes have dark rings under them, and his skin has taken on a lifeless pallor since he was introduced to fasting. His eyes are dark, shifty, yet dulled over in a way he knows makes people uncomfortable. He likes that, honestly, likes seeing the Han Solo pause for once in his life. “Your son is gone.” “Snoke is using you for your power,” Han continues, as if Kylo hadn’t spoken. “When he gets what he wants he’ll crush you.” Kylo doesn’t have a reply to that. He knows that. Most people want to crush him, they always have, even when he was a child. That’s why they want him to eat, want him to be vulnerable. He’ll outlast them all. Han meets his eyes. “You know it’s true.” I can handle it, he thinks. I am so much stronger than you know. I am stronger than Vader. I am no one’s toy. I don’t need you. You never wanted me in the first place so I found people that did and climbed to the top of their ladder. I’m fine. I- His father’s eyes flicker down and soften at the bits he can see, the arms like pale rods hidden inside giant, empty sleeves meant to be skin-hugging. And something deep within Kylo breaks. “It’s too late,” he chokes out, quietly. The Force is not all Dark within him now. The Light is trying to drown him. Neither are sustaining him and he wonders if he’s dying. “No, it’s not,” his father replies, swiftly, moving in closer. “Leave here with me. Come home. We miss you.” We. Kylo thinks of Leia lifting him into the air as a child and swinging him into her arms, safe and sound. His mind races and it’s hard to breathe. We, a they that includes him. Something is wrong. He can’t remember how to hate them. His heartbeat is in his head, his throat, every part of him, as the walls seem to close in all around him. Maybe he should throw himself off this bridge, save his parents the chaos of whatever this is. Something, maybe someone, however, whispers to him to speak. The voice is honey-sweet and soothing. He thinks of the woman in the room with his grandfather’s ashes. Was she sent by him ? What is he supposed to do? Surely he can’t turn his back on everything he’s worked for, he’s smarter than that. Surely he can’t stay here and get killed by Hux or Phasma for the sake of a promotion, he’s stronger than that. The room spins briefly, barely. His fingers twitch with a jittery raw energy that threatens to overwhelm him. His father’s eyes are so earnest. It’s been so long since anyone looked at him this way. “I’m being torn apart,” he tries to explain as the Dark demands he throw this man off the bridge and the Light gently tells him to surrender. “I want to be free of this pain. I know what I have to do but I don’t know if I have the strength to do it,” he blurts out in a rush, voice shaking just once. His helmet falls to the walkway with a loud clang of metal against metal. His thin hands tremble as they detach his lightsaber and hold it out. Even his gloves are too big for his bony fingers now. “Will you help me?” His father doesn’t even hesitate. “Yes. Anything.” Kylo releases his grip on the lightsaber and sinks to his knees so suddenly Han doesn’t even have time to step back. Trust him, the Force, the woman, tells him. Don’t turn him away. And he bows his head with the tiredness of someone who has been running on fumes for far too long to keep track. “Get rid of that thing, that instrument of hate. Take me home, please. I… I’m scared ,” he all but whispers the last part, and Han throws the saber into the abyss without another thought. Strong arms help him to his feet, his light body all too easy to pick up, his ribs easy to feel through three layers of fabric. He can feel fear in his father’s mind even though he isn’t a threat to him right now. It takes Kylo a moment to realize it isn’t fear of him but for him. “Okay. Okay, let’s go home, Ben.” Shots erupt all around them from Stormtroopers. Kylo catches all of them in midair and redirects them back for a moment, and then Han is yanking him towards the other end of the bridge. Somewhere up above he hears his uncle Chewie yelling, providing distraction and covering fire. It isn’t easy to keep every shot off them. Some deflect by mere inches. There’s too many, or Kylo is too weak, or the Force is just too conflicted within him in this moment to be of use. He stumbles when they get to the other side. His father has to yank him to his feet for them to keep going. Kylo feels something warm filling him up with an odd finality to it, as if this is his last chance before the Force will be unable to propel him forward. They run, and he struggles to breathe because every step is so hard, and it has been two weeks since food passed his lips and every shot deflected might be the last one. He has never known fear like this. The Force moves him until they get to the Falcon. Chewie is accompanied by Rey and the Stormtrooper traitor for reasons Kylo can’t puzzle out. Dots swim in front of his eyes. A white mist almost like snow descends over his vision as he falls, ragdoll, to the floor. Han locks up. His son’s chest barely moves. “Chewie, is he-” He can’t say it, but Rey answers anyway. “He’s alive. I can sense him – don’t ask me how, I just can.” Chewie trills out a confirmation as he checks Kylo’s vitals and directs the two younger humans to stow him somewhere softer. Without wasting time giving more specifics, he gets into the pilot’s seat beside Han, who is doing everything he can to look calm. They share one long, mutually confused and worried look before they turn their attention to the controls. Kylo Ren is dead. Now it’s their job to make sure Ben Solo survives this. Chapter 2 He wakes up and everything is unfamiliar and bright. He’s on some kind of medical bed, softer than what they use in the First Order, well-worn, smelling of bacta and disinfectant. At first, he can’t open his eyes. His eyes are too sensitive. Did he hit his head? Does he have a concussion? Ben can’t remember how to do a self-diagnosis for that. He remembers he lost track of days, he screwed up, he made an error at a critical time, and yet somehow Han- no, his father, accepted his fumbling non-apology. There was blaster fire. After that, everything is blank. His legs feel as if they’re bolted to the bed, his arms too, but there isn’t anything actually strapping him down to it. There doesn’t need to be. Somewhere nearby, he can hear voices. They aren’t quiet, yet his ears take several moments to process what’s being said. “-you’re telling me he wasn’t eating?” That’s his father’s voice, worried, angry, gruff as ever. Rey’s is the voice that answers. “When I looked into his mind, all I saw was hunger and training. He was always working, Han. He was too afraid to do anything else, even eat. I don’t know. I didn’t even mean to get into his mind and I wouldn’t know how to do it again if you asked. I couldn’t understand what I was seeing until he collapsed.” “Kriffing hell,” Han mutters, breathing out a sigh. “How long has he – I grew up in some rough circles, but that’s not-” He cuts himself off when Ben forces his eyes open, tries to speak. Rey respectfully backs away. Ben’s vision is blurry, he has to blink repeatedly to see anything other than blobs of color, but when he does, he understands why he isn’t tied down. He’s in some sort of cell made into a medbay, a hybrid of necessity with locks and multiple doors and access codes required to get in. He should probably feel something in response to that other than relief that they’re all alive. The Falcon doesn’t have anything onboard to rig it to do this, so they have to be out of First Order space, at least. Other than being thirsty enough to try to make the jug of water lift with the Force and being too weak to stand, he’s actually doing alright. Han has the good grace to roll his eyes at the levitating jug before pouring him a glass, huffing slightly. The water tastes pure, cool on his parched throat, so he gulps down two glasses, barely able to hold either steady. “Did anyone die?” he asks when he can speak, mind trying to piece the battle together. “Uncle Chewie, I thought I heard him yell.” “He’s fine. Whining like a dying man, though,” his father replies honestly, getting a snort from Ben, who gingerly lays back down, sitting up temporarily having been a marathon of effort. “Everyone else is dealing with their injuries like adults.” Ben smiles. Han would be lost without Chewbacca and they both know it. It’s all good natured grousing; if Chewie was seriously injured, he’d be able to tell from his father’s emotions through the Force alone. His Force senses are muted now, extending to the room around him, to Rey and some passersby outside the three locked doors that led to this room. There are other people here, moving about in organized activity, no battles of any kind. He stretches his mind out only to find not a single murderous intent among the lot. Exhaling, Ben glances to his right and finds there’s a machine with some mysterious blue liquid in it attached to an IV going into his arm. The fact he didn’t immediately notice that is disquieting to both of them. “How long was I out?” “Three days.” Han settles into a chair by his bed, clearly repurposed from somewhere else, like everything else in this makeshift room. “I thought I lost you back there for a minute.” He doesn’t know how to reply to that, to the obvious concern. Years have passed since they last did this sort of thing, had these talks, so he just shrugs as best he can. “You didn’t. Does Mother know?” A nod. “Told her first chance I got over a secure channel. She set this up for you, to keep you safe. The Doc said your immune system might be compromised from malnutrition.” As if that’s the reason he needed protection. A lot of people wanted Kylo Ren dead for very good reasons. If people knew who he was, he was fairly sure he’d have woken up from the raw hostility and hate rolling off them. He’s been the source of more pain than he knows what to do with. Suddenly, he doesn’t feel worthy of the IV in his arm. Ben wants to rip it out, except he knows his father would stop him. He wants to be sick, except he long ago coughed up even the last bits of stomach acid from his belly. Mostly, he’s just confused on why he feels so cold when the Dark Side isn’t flowing through him like an open conduit anymore. He shivers, glancing around for more blankets. There aren’t any. After a moment of trying to bury his chin under the covers, Ben is startled by his father getting up, slipping his jacket off and laying it atop him. It’s a small thing that helps nonetheless. “Thank you,” he murmurs, awkwardly. His father runs a hand through Ben’s dark hair, eyes still sad. His voice is painfully gentle when he asks, “Ben, what were they doing to you?” “Fourteen days.” “What?” “You were asking Rey how long it was since I last ate,” he supplies. Comprehension dawns in Han’s eyes, dark and troubled. “I needed to be stronger in the Force. The Force will rescue one of its’ own.” His father takes a long, hard look at him. Someone took off Ben’s outer tunic at some point, pushed up a sleeve to make way for an IV. Carefully, Han tucks the covers around Ben’s arms again to block out the cold in what is not a remotely chilly room, chasing away the shivers as best he can. He runs a hand through Ben’s hair again like he used to when Ben was five and refusing to get his hair cut because he liked it being long enough to hide his big ears. He’s trying to put the image of the healthy boy he knew then and the emaciated young man he’s seeing now together. The results don’t make sense. Han had heard a lot of rumors about the First Order, spent nights laying awake worrying, but he’d thought they fed their underlings. This never crossed his mind as a possibility. To be fair, Ben had never thought this would happen, either, and he started it. “I didn’t have much growing up,” Han starts, stops, then tries valiantly to keep going. “Now, I’m not saying it didn’t make me stronger. Sometimes you need to see just what you’re made of. But that’s over now. You beat ‘em, Ben. You got out of there. I went that long without food, once. Thought I was done for, but I’m still here. And so are you. So you just rest for now, alright? Your mother and I will talk to the doctor and take it from there.” Ben wants to protest he’s an adult who can fight his own battles. He knows, though, that his father barely ever discusses the life he lived before he was a smuggler, the childhood that he barely survived and that taught him how to lie, swindle, threaten and intimidate. For Han to even admit there was a time he didn’t have it all together is rare. Those days had their cost, high costs, a longer term inability to trust until Chewie came along, then, years later, Luke and Leia managed to break through that barrier, somehow. The damage from that time meant Ben had never known his father had been hungry like that, been starving, been in real danger of not making it. He is humbles as much as he is disquieted by the image of his father as broken, human man in lieu of the legend he is so often hailed as. So if he wants to handle this, his son will let him. He owes him that much. He nods his agreement and his father smiles weakly at him, tired but relieved the worst is over. He leaves his jacket with Ben, a simple gift that means more than anything has in months. The jacket feels weighty, like a hand on him that does not leave, a lingering embrace. Han will not express through words whatever this is doing to him, but he will take action. That’s just who he is. He fixes problems to make sure the people he loves are alright. Ben has no idea how he didn’t see it before. Eventually he drifts back off to sleep with the scent of his father lingering in the air. He is loved. He is at peace. It does not last. The smell of food is not what wakes him, because it is far, far away. He doesn’t know how he senses it. The Force tells him where it is and he struggles to get up, to yank out the IV. His arms shake from the cold so he tugs on Han Solo’s jacket. The walls are dull grey with a lack of life, there are distant flickers of gold behind all these walls that are moving, that are people, and somewhere out there, there is the flicker of green to the left. Through those walls and doors and past those people, there is food and he must have it . His body moves to the doors where the Force flows through him to blow out the locks, then he is walking, balance wavering between decent and impossibly wobbly, sweating with the effort, not feeling the cold of the metal floors under his bare feet, only the urge to keep moving. Food food food. His head turns, his eyes flicker at the intersection of hallways. The Force tells him where to take a turn in what direction. His stomach hurts, it burns, it is empty and he is hollow and he has to get rid of that feeling, he can’t die, he is dying , he knows he is. He pulled open the kitchen door, nearly swooned at the smells assaulting his senses. Someone has left some sort of roast something on the counter. He grabs at it as a drowning man would grasp for land. Ben barely tastes any of it, just knows he needs more, more, he hasn’t had enough, he needs something, he needs something or he’ll die, the panic compelling him to fill himself up until he has cleaned an entire serving platter. His stomach begs him to stop but he licks the plate clean, picks off every last crumb, shoves past the pain into a warm contentedness that he has never known before. He’s surprised to find himself on the floor, leaning against the cupboards, exhausted and satisfied. When did that happen? His hands clutch at his full belly, feeling an unwelcome fullness to the normally concave space. All at once, the euphoria breaks. No, no, what has he done, doesn’t he know he needs to connect to the Light Side? He can’t afford to be full, he can’t, he can’t rip out his Force connection and risk going back to the Dark Side. Ben’s mind races. He could kill his father, himself, his mother, anyone, with the Dark Side. He knows he would and he wouldn’t even care and he has to stop himself. Why did he do this? How stupid could he be? His breathing comes heavy, hard and fast in the late night’s cool air as he scrambles for a solution. Get rid of it, he thinks fearfully, there’s still time. It’s a madman’s thought. But no, wait. He remembers the Stormtroopers that got into a shipment of Corellian wine and tried to hide their drunkenness by making themselves throw up. They used their fingers; he remembers the wine staining their gloves. All at once the panic breaks into urgency. He has a solution, he just needs to act upon it, quickly, right now, so he tries. Ben had no idea it was so hard. He scrapes the top of his mouth with his nails and tastes blood, his body fights him to keep the food in, and he stabs at his throat from the inside, gagging as if bound, until he wins, until his body gives out to his willpower all over again. Once he’s started it’s easier. By the time he registers footsteps and two voices, he’s covered in a cold sweat, shaking, staring at the mess he’s made. That’s all of it, it has to be – he can see the burnt black piece he started with, so he’s alright. He’s in the clear. The Light won’t leave him, he won’t be Kylo Ren again, he’s fine. Judging by the choked sound Rey makes, she disagrees. “What happened?” she breathes, to which he has no answer, because he’s not sure how to explain he just got into a fight with his own body without sounding crazy. Did she sense his distress through the Force? How powerful is she, not even a full week into her Force abilities? Poe kneels beside him. That’s too stunning to process. Poe hadn’t recognized his childhood friend as Kylo Ren – the body shape was wrong, the voice modulated. Now Poe sees him and he surely has to know he’s looking at the man who tortured him. A First Order soldier would strike Ben down. Poe is a better man than that, however, and hands Ben a towel from somewhere to clean his face up, turning to his BB unit to make some request for a cleaning droid. Poe’s hand is hot as Jakku’s sun on his shoulder. “Just keep it together. Can you stand? We gotta get you back to bed.” And it’s all wrong, people are supposed to hate their torturers, but Poe gets an arm under his shoulders, Rey is darting off to tell the General – Leia? His mother is here? Ben wants to tell Rey not to say anything; she’s already vanished down a corridor so he chokes on a sob. The pilot murmurs encouragements to him, keeps moving forward. The journey back to his bed is the longest one he has ever made. People stop in the corridors to stare. Ben reaches out to their minds, afraid. They don’t know he’s Kylo Ren. Their chatter is different. So thin, they whisper to each other. I heard he was a First Order captive. Is that what they do to them? Someone who thinks themselves medically savvy murmurs that a person’s stomach will shrink if they’re starved long enough, that’s why he couldn’t keep it down; another asks if that’s blood on his chin. It might be. It might be the sauce. He is leaden, yet pride demands he not like Poe Dameron carry him under any circumstances. One of Poe’s friends, a gorgeous young woman with black hair and perfect bow lips (Ben wonders if anything about him is attractive right now and would place money on the answer being no) stops them in the hall. She radiates warmth in the Force. He wants to touch her just once to draw upon it. “Can I help?” she asks, looking at Poe, then at Ben. Poe nods. “Yeah, Jessika, I – we’re gonna need a change of clothes, about a head’s worth taller than what I wear.” Those will be too big in width, but there’s nothing to be done about it. “Tell whoever’s on duty you have my clearance to get into the Q-section, okay?” She snaps into action. Ben's mind races. Q-section. Quarantine. Not meant for anything other than those who posed a danger to others or themselves if they left. Ben knows his mother has three bases with such sections. So she trusts him enough to bring him home, into her organization itself, to recoup. If he wasn’t about ready to collapse he’s pretty sure he would sob or try to find her. He doesn’t have the strength. They make it to the room without further incident, which is when Ben realizes he’s stained his father’s jacket with his sickness. The clothes come off one layer at time, the coordination to use a zipper or button difficult with his hands shaking from exertion. Poe helps. Ben wishes Poe would slap him instead of being so impossibly kind. He doesn’t know how people like Poe exist in this era, with war and rumors of war always circling, with death at his heels at all times, yet here he is, pulling off layers until Ben is painfully near-naked. The clothes arrive in record time. Poe stalls the General while Ben gets changed, pulling layers on that are not thick enough to chase the chill from his body, wrapping a blanket around himself to stop the full-body shivers. Leia pushes her way in, sees him, and stops in her tracks. He feels her presence in the Force and the pain, the sorrow, the horror. Then all at once she rushes to him, pulling him close. His eyes shut as he leans against her, lets her sense whatever she may through the Force. So long as she’s here, that’s all he needs for the moment. “I knew,” she murmurs to him, a tremor in his voice. “You weren’t wholly lost to us. I knew you’d come back.” His brain sluggishly tries to process everything. “M’ sorry. This is far from the first impression I had wanted to make,” he notes dryly, getting a huff of laughter from her briefly. “Oh, Ben. I don’t need you to be perfect.” She kisses his forehead. “I just need you to be here.” There’s no telling who leaks it, but the base becomes aware the thin man in the otherwise vacant Q-section is the son of the General. Poe tells her the news over a hot cup of caf. He’s asked around, trying to find the source. It isn’t Rey, who spends her time helping repair the damage to the Falcon and engaging in graceless lightsaber practice with Finn. Finn is still sort of wary of all the overly friendly people on base. He was a nobody in the First Order, he’s not used to people knowing who he is or wanting to talk, so he spends some time with Rey, some time in his quarters curled up with holonovels, exploring through words a universe he was never allowed to glimpse before. Jessika didn’t know until she asked Poe, who only told her since she’d kept secrets for him for years, even ones he hasn’t told his own father. He’s chased the rumors throughout the base without coming any closer to a source, and Leia wonders if he ever even thinks about not going the extra mile. She’s thankful for his help regardless. Sipping her caf, which Poe is oddly talented at making, she asks, “And how do people feel about that?” “They want him to be alright. There’s all sort of rumors that he was kidnapped or was an operative captured by the First Order. Either way, everyone is suddenly full of information about how the First Order treats the people that cross them.” He sighs, sitting down in the spare chair in her office. Poe is good at charming intelligence from people, which means he’s also good at seeing through bullshit stories when he hears them. “Everybody thinks you either were too merciful on the First Order given what happened or that they agree with what you did and they’d back you for doing something worse. Having somebody related to someone they know hurt makes it personal.” She studies him, the hint of tiredness in his face, in his voice. “How do you feel about having him here?” “That’s a great question. If I figure it out, I’ll let you know.” He shrugs, takes a long drink from his cup. “I keep having nightmares, but it’s not him. I mean, it is. But it’s not. Because Kylo Ren isn’t the guy I saw sprawled out on the kitchen floor. You know me – I’ve got all the Force Sensitivity of a rock. A good looking rock, more like a crystal,” he adds, solely to get a smile out of her (which works). “But even I felt something was really wrong back there that didn’t follow him here.” Snoke’s influence, she thinks to herself. That would do it, would help push a starving man over the edge. As cruel a trick as it was to pull, a mind not thinking clearly was more likely to ally itself with him. His logic was sound. The Light defeated it anyway. She knows that, has sensed it dwelling within her son since his return, even when first glimpsed his unconscious body, pallor pale enough to rival the snow of Hoth. Now she needs to keep that influence away. Part of that will involve bringing Luke home, too, which won’t be easy when her brother blames himself for everything that’s ever gone wrong in his lifetime. Leia knows part of this is her fault, but she also has no qualms about blaming Snoke, the First Order, the people who should have caught on that something was wrong and didn’t. She’s seen enough to know things are never just one person’s fault. Life is too complicated for that to be the case. The unknowns are haunting. Ben had picked through mechanical locks with the Force. She had heard from Luke that was theoretically possible, but never actually known for sure that was something people could do. Had her son had to become well versed in that, had he learned to work through the pain for food? What was Snoke doing that had led him to think even here, even with his parents, food was something he had to shovel down before it was taken away? He was worse than Rey when presented with a full meal and it scares her. People don’t become as thin as Ben is overnight. She knows it takes months. The fear turns to anger quickly, anger that will make Snoke wish he were dead should she ever meet him in person. Leia is not given to long lasting hate often. To truly make her want to kill someone, however, hurting her family is a surefire method. She doesn’t know what Snoke did in detail and she can see Ben’s trying not to think about it. He needs time before he’ll open up. In the meantime, she will protect him, help him get back on his feet, and wait for the day she can make Snoke suffer as much as Ben has multiplied tenfold. Something tells her that getting Ben back to normal isn’t going to be as easy as giving him decent sized meals and time. She can only explain the apprehension as the Force, as a strange sense of foreboding that tells her there are things she isn’t seeing. For now, she has damage control to do, rumors to curtail, but she’ll keep an eye on Ben. She wonders if, had she done that to begin with, all this could have been avoided. They have the map. Luke is coming. Ben is not strong enough in the Light to face him, so he meditates from his bed. He has more luck with small bits of food, even if never finishes even half his meal. Something in him knows he can’t gorge himself with the risk of losing the Force so real. Some other part of him demands he eat, if only to ease the worry off of his father’s face and his mother’s mind. Thus far everyone thinks he’s merely trying to recover. They don’t push him to finish things, even if the IV more or less tethers him to the room. Unable to lay flat on his back without his vertebrae digging into the bed, he turns on his side and repeats mantras, some of them so old their meaning was lost before they were passed on to his uncle. They are words that help him remember why the Light is worth returning to, words that remind him of his Uncle Luke, his mother, his father, days spent as a little boy trying to use the Force to catch a pet snake with Poe, innocent times where the galaxy seemed a grand adventure. He learns later those are the days before Snoke’s Force influence grew strong enough to start to change him. Ben drifts in and out of sleep during his meditation attempts. He hasn’t done that since he was a padawan, still new to the concept. Here and now there isn’t anyone to criticize his lack of perfection at all things concerning the Force like there was then. Here there is slow, steady progress he will have to deal with until he gets better enough to try for more, and he finds the Light in the most unlikely of places. Finn is stronger in the Force than he has any inkling of. His thoughts also carry. Of everyone Ben has hurt – which is a very long list – if there was ever someone entitled to hate him, it would be Finn, whose life is in ruins solely thanks to the First Order. The day Finn lingers by the doors to the quarantine chamber, though, he is simply worried. He is not scared of Kylo Ren, he is scared for Ben Solo. In that moment Ben understands why Rey and Poe are so enamored with him, why they vie for his time. Where there should be hatred, there is only compassion, the depths of which are breathtaking. People too new to this to even be called padawans are outdoing him in terms of Light Side connection and power. He owes it to them, to their forgiveness, love, kindness, their upstanding humanity in an inhuman time, to be better. Ben puts plans together in his head. He knows that he had to make individual amends to each person. He can help his father learn enough Outer Rim languages to rebuild his smuggling trade, although Uncle Chewie might not approve. He starts writing down everything he remembers that might be remotely useful tactically and has Poe deliver the messages to his mother to help in the fight against the First Order. What he’ll do for Poe, he doesn’t know yet. Rey and Finn present the same problem that needs to be solved: a desire for family. As much as Han has taken Rey under his wing (though he’ll deny it to his dying day) and Poe’s friends are now Finn’s friends, those are poor substitutes for actual blood relatives and answers. He knows he could pull answers from the First Order historical databanks about ship traffic around areas near Jakku, which would narrow it down. Not many ships in that area had humans onboard in any capacity. Finn’s skin color denotes he’s likely from one of the raids on the Okoros Moons, which is at this point quite deep in First Order space. The moons were mostly scientists, people who were too useful to kill. Plugging Finn’s designation number into the right database would tell them what moon to look at and then it would be a matter of finding whoever was missing a son his age. Surely the Force would guide them past that. In order to do any of this, Ben will have to undo the entire First Order. He must be as strong in the Light now as Luke was when he helped topple the Empire. He must be made of Light itself, for the sake of these people who have inexplicably forgiven him, for the sake of all the other lives he has ruined. He will make Snoke release his stranglehold on the galaxy, bring Finn back to his parents, give Rey the answers she still seeks somewhere in the back of her mind, then he will take the registry of Force Sensitive children the First Order has and give it to his Uncle Luke, let him live his dreams of raising a new generation of Jedi. Everyone’s pains and aches will be soothed over, their losses replaced by gains, and he will be able to look them in the eyes again without the heavy dark weight of guilt weighing him down, threatening to drown him. All Ben has to do is reconnect to the Light Side. It will be a challenge. Fortunately he is the son of a smuggler and a General. He has never found a challenge he couldn’t successfully complete by bending the rules here and there. He finds there is a trash chute in quarantine chambers, that there no are cameras on him, and that he still knows how to do pushups. He gets to work at night when they all think he’s sleeping. Light, find the Light, be the Light. Chapter 3 Be less, want less, hate less. Ben has been cleared from quarantine enough to actually access the rest of the base, albeit only in limited timeframes. His mother can’t put a guard on him without inspiring more rumors, but the base is unaware he and Kylo Ren are one and the same, so the people he meets are more concerned for him than dangerous towards him. He avoids people whose curiosity flares up too brightly in Force, though everyone has a little bit of it when it comes to him. They know the General’s son went missing years ago. Poe is the only one who has any memories of him before his rescue. They know he is a bit too smart in technical terms and military jargon to have been some civilian kidnapped and locked away. No one really knows what to think, although Finn has been keeping distance from him. People tend to turn to Finn for answers to all their First Order related questions and Finn has no answers for them, not about this, about someone who wasn’t a Stormtrooper. Part of the problem is that Rey and Han have left to get his Uncle Luke back. The base is alive with whispers and people have high hopes that are vague and unreachable. Luke is a Master, but he isn’t going to be able to fix all the damage that Kylo Ren inflicted upon the galaxy. One person can’t fight off the First Order, so Ben is going to have to make some miracles happen before his former Master comes back. First priority: train Finn in the Force. Rey bickered with Han until she got a spot on the Falcon, so she has his uncle’s lightsaber with her, but Ben knew how to improvise. They need something light that would give them feedback nonetheless to practice with, a location to practice in, and someone to watch and observe their flaws and strengths. He’s not sure how to approach Finn with the idea. He just knows he needs to help him. He ruined Finn’s life the worst by being part of the organization that took him from his family – he has to do something. Anger and hate are the way to the Dark Side alongside selfishness. In order to immerse himself in the Light, he has to avoid focusing on his hatred for all the things he’s done. He has to make up for those things in order to bring some kind of balance to himself. Ben has far too much time to think about these things. He is only held up by Poe trying to integrate him into life on the base. In his head, Ben screams at him that he is wasting time, he has to get back to work, he isn’t the kind of good person who deserves friends and introductions to everyone Poe has ever worked with. In his head, Ben berates him for holding up progress the one time when it’s needed most. Then Poe smiles at him and he remembers that his old friend was the one to pick him up off the floor and he caves. Light is selfless so he can’t do anything to hurt Poe, even just refusing to spend time with him. He has never been a pushover before. It’s a hard art to master, learning to let other people call the shots, stepping back when Leia is busy even when he wants to cling to her, sitting down to hear another pilot’s incredible story of bravery (they all have a dozen, he’s learning) when he wants to go for a jog, but he has to do it. He is a Skywalker, a Solo, a Organa. He has the willpower to force himself into compliance. If anything, he should be grateful. Luke will want him to go through all kinds of Jedi rites to reinitiate himself into the role of padawan, right? Or at least, he has the right to ask Ben to do so and it would be tradition. Luke loves tradition. This is practice for when he has to make things up to him later. That is what Ben tells himself each time as he goes through what should be normal interactions, that it is worth it, that it will pay off. He does not know how to be normal for its’ own sake. No one has spoken of Ben’s incident in the kitchen. Somehow they have all come to the conclusion it was too much for his stomach to eat so much; no one knows he did it do himself. He keeps bracing for someone to corner him, tell him they saw what he was doing. He waits for someone to notice the excess food in his trash. Ben never lacks for things to feel guilty for, but he can add being wasteful to the list. The only way this will be worth it is if he manages to forge Finn into a better padawan and can make himself into one at all. He worries he will never be free of the Dark Side. It occupies his nightmares regularly. He meditates, he calls out to the universe, to the Force, to the Light. Please lend me your strength, for the sake of other people. Please give me a chance to set things right. I will be better. I will be less angry, less cold, less violent. I will ask for less, bother others less, speak less. I will hate them all less, my parents, my uncle, even the First Order. Be less, want less, hate less. I promise. He slips away one evening to try to find places to train and runs into Jessika. She is beautiful. Lately, Ben has noticed with mounting horror that a lot of people are beautiful. Finn is beautiful, with intense eyes deeper than the lakes beneath the ice fields of Hoth, that denotes depths he has never fathomed in someone before. Poe is beautiful, with an easy smile and laugh that makes Ben forget his own problems entirely for a moment. Rey is beautiful, power and grace and genuine joy over small things. Jedi have to be celibate. This is exactly the wrong time to be noticing how attractive people are, and also the wrong time to run into Jessika, who always looks at him like she’s a moment away from taking his hand and telling him it’s all going to be okay. He knows if she did he is so pathetic, so lowly, so starved for affection he would be hers, permanently – he would be anyone’s, for the selfish reprieve from how much he hates himself. Ben is still part Kylo. He is still a terrible person. This is the worst time for him to be close to anyone on any level. He’ll only drag them down; his past is so heavy, he can feel it weigh him down as he straightens up in front of her awkwardly. “Hey,” she says softly. “Where are you going?” “The roof,” he says instinctively, even though he has been strictly forbidden from going outside alone. “It’s been a long time since I got to be outside, planetside.” “How long?” she asks, tilting her head, brow furrowing slightly. He can’t remember. Whenever he was on a planet he was in a facility somewhere, training, working, trying to live up to Snoke’s expectations. His silence goes on so long that her face falls. Her fingers wrap around his wrist and she tugs him behind her, showing him exactly how to get to the roof. He’s supposed to be laying low, staying where he’s safe, and then he breathes in fresh air and his guilt evaporates in an instant. The sky is orange, gold, coral pink clouds, dusty glimmers around their edges. He takes in the dying light with such laser focus he doesn’t realize Jessika has let go of him or that she’s watching him. All around him, the air is charged with life. Ben’s mind reaches out and the volume of insects, bats, birds and Force-only-knew what else fills him up. He is alive, he is part of the intricately woven web that is the galaxy. All around him are people with dreams, hopes, loves, fears, nameless emotions and myriad thoughts, each unique, every person precious. How could he have ever killed someone when to kill someone is to snuff out all that person could ever be? The Force rolls over his mind the way waves on a beach do, naturally, bound to recede but bound to return. Each person is flawed, virtuous, integral, part of the world, part of the galaxy. He feels the air so full of life, of the Force, of the future, fill up his lungs and settle in the hollow places inside him. For a while the pain of his aching back, the bruises still sluggishly healing from Starkiller Base, even the headaches he’s always gotten when he’s tired ease up. He is so in love with the warmth of the Light Side the only reason he doesn’t cry is because his body seems to have forgotten how. Ben finds a place to sit down and watches until every last trace of the light is gone. The Light remains inside him. Jessika takes him back inside, where he skips dinner in favor of curling up in bed, mind quiet, and sleeps a full eighteen hours without a single nightmare. When he wakes up he feels so infinitely better that he knows he’s on the right track. Be less, want less, hate less. A three step program to getting the Force to return. What kind of fool would he be if he stopped now? The paranoia and irritation of before are soothed over by the Force, but they don’t vanish entirely. They simply turn inwards. Ben has so much he needs to do and so little time. Train Finn, debrief his mother, try to guess the meanings of First Order movements, meditate, practice his own Force skills, keep an ear out for some kind of clue as to what else might be going on. He avoids Doctor Kalonia like the plague because she will tell him to rest or see that he hasn’t eaten as much as she thinks he should. She does not understand what he has to do or why he has to do it, which is why he hasn’t tried explaining things to anyone yet, not even his mother. There’s no time right now. He’ll do it later, when they all have a moment to breathe. He thought fearing other people in the First Order was bad because they would sense weakness and attack. Here, it’s worse: they’ll sense weakness and try to help, only to hinder their own side. He knows he was stronger than this with the Dark Side. His reflexes were faster, his blows stronger, his movements more fluid. Switching sides has done something strange to his perception of the world around him and as a consequence, he’s slowed down. Although his sparring matches with Finn are one sided wins, that’s only due to Finn’s total lack of experience, nothing more. A victory over someone not yet a padawan isn’t something to brag about. What’s more, he needs to be better so Finn can even become a proper padawan. This doesn’t take into account how difficult it is to explain proper Jedi philosophy lately. His focus is shaky, his memories blurred, and pouring over them in order to put together coherent explanations of Jedi doctrine takes so much time he asks his mother for a notebook and a pen to write it all down, spending his nights working every inconsistency in his now-ancient memories out. The problem is not the student in this scenario. Finn is bright and capable and extremely eager to learn. Ben is the thing holding this process up. That knowledge is like acid in his mouth. Ben is eating more, for the sake of being able to keep a better pace physically with Finn, but he’s found a trick to eliminating meat from his diet. The incident in the kitchen has left people on edge regarding Ben and food, so he plays to it, acting as if meat is now not an option after having thrown up so much of it. No one questions that, not even Doctor Kalonia, so his meals are made differently. There are other species in the Resistance that are herbivores, one more plate isn’t an imposition of any kind. As much as he knows he can’t eat too much lest he lose his Force connection’s strength, he would be lying to say he doesn’t enjoy the ability to sit down to a meal that doesn’t have so much energy packed into it that he’ll worry about it for days. He allows himself dinner, for both the practical reason that it helps him sleep and the personal reason that usually, someone will pop by around then and it wouldn’t do to be seen not eating. His mother visits when she can. Poe stops by to talk to him, trying to find the Ben Solo he knew as a child somewhere within the broken Kylo Ren they brought back. Finn pops in once or twice because the loudness of eating at a table isn’t like the forced silence of the First Order and he needs the peace of a middle ground, where they can talk or they can be silent, away from the noise. Jessika pops in once with candy she made, which she apparently likes to trade around base for virtually anything she wants. Pilots have sweet teeth, she informs him, and Ben doesn’t, but he can appreciate that sugar is pure energy and that in a pinch it can be used as an energy booster. Given that he’s forcing things down his throat, dealing with their weight, then dealing with working them off, it makes him want to scream that he’s making so little progress. The Light is in everything, yet he has hit a wall, a block between him and some wellspring of energy on the other side. If he could just devote more time to it, perhaps he could figure this out. He has no time left for it, though, not when he’s finally starting to impart what he remembers to Finn, not when Poe is starting to learn how not to tense up in his presence. There is so much potential in these days before Luke arrives for healing, for damage to be undone even if only in part. He pushes himself through all kinds of activities in a frenzy, dreading Luke’s arrival, the confrontation that will come, the negative emotions that will take him back towards Darkness just enough to make further progress a total impossibility. For the first time in years he understands how much people mean and he wants so, so badly to help, to make things better, that it eclipses all other concepts in his life. The morning before Master Luke arrives he does his usual morning checks. They’re a habit he’s developed, something that’s part of his morning routine. He counts the ridges of his spine in the mirror, makes sure the indent where his stomach was is precisely three fingers deep, wraps his hands around the top of his thigh to make sure there’s space there and wraps a hand around his wrist to check that with his forefinger and thumb touching, there’s still space. Ben needs to know that he has kept to his fasting meditation, that he hasn’t grown complacent or gone backwards from making progress. He needs his armor, his strong bones that can withstand anything, defiant and angular on his lean frame. Every morning it’s a reassurance that he’s still on track, except that morning, the indent of his stomach is not quite as deep. That morning, he can’t wrap both hands fully around the top of his thigh. Panic explodes within him like someone took a blaster to jet fuel in his brain. He’s damning them all, he’s slipping, he’s being too self-indulgent in a time where they all need him to be selfless. Light is compassion, kindness, thinking of others first – he knows this and he still decided that full dinners were more important than the fate of these people, who have forgiven him unforgivable sins, these people, who will save the galaxy. He is a greedy, horrible, disgusting monster of a human being and undoubtedly the worst Force user currently alive. They’re all doing so much to keep him safe. This place is full of people who are willing to lay down their lives for a better future that might not even be possible. Is this how he’s repaid them? He can’t possibly continue on like this, not when their lives might very well depend on him. He needs to do better. These low standards have to stop. Life is sacred and he’ll do what he must to protect it. His eyes dart to the trash chute. Is there still time, a whole night after he’s eaten, to get rid of the food and be able to burn it off? Ben doesn’t know, but he scrapes his knuckles raw and bloody making every last drop of his stomach come out, then he rehydrates and sneaks off before the sun has fully risen to put himself through the workout of his life before his usual morning training session with Finn. Finn, who, he reminds himself, deserves a better teacher. He doesn’t even want to think about what Rey would say at how little Ben has been able to help him these past two weeks. The word failure echoes in every footfall that hits the ground when he runs. The pre-dawn air is cold and sharp, knives in his arms and legs and exposed face. Left with no other option, he keeps going, though he does treat himself to a hot shower in the fresher when he gets back to his room. He’ll need another washing after his session with Finn, but the cold is inside him, he has to recoup so he can train Finn at all. Miraculously, he manages to impart two new stances for lightsaber combat into Finn despite his own failings, and guides him through breathing meditation with considerable ease compared to when they started. His hands want to shake from the cold that’s trying to glaciate him from within, so he folds them in front of him on his lap. If they look pale, well, that’s only because Finn is dark-skinned, really. Ben knows his limits. He knows them because he catapulted past them on Starkiller Base. He knows better these days. Finn’s eyes are so warm that they burn as much as his touch when he takes one of Ben’s bony, cold hands in his. “Hey, are you alright?” I have to be, Ben thinks. His body disagrees, refusing to let him pull his hand away from the source of heat, which is absolutely divine in the frigid morning. “I may be a little tired,” he concedes, glad he isn’t dealing with Poe, who would see through this in an instant. “All of this has been a lot to adjust to, as I’m sure you know better than anyone else.” “It’s not just that, though. Something else is wrong.” A truer statement has never been made. Everything is wrong. Ben hasn’t come back to the Light as fully and powerfully as he should have, he still can’t get a lock on what the tactics of the current First Order movements mean, he has no idea how to talk to Poe about what happened on the Finalizer, the list is endless. A better question to ask isn’t what’s wrong, it’s what about this is actually going right? Even now, he’s wasting Finn’s time by not concentrating on his training. He wants to lean on Finn for support. Then he remembers that he was complicit in the system that rendered Finn an orphan in all the ways that matter. He goes silent, staring at their hands. How can Finn even touch him without feeling repulsed? And if he did, who could ever blame him? “You don’t eat,” Finn says, stopping Ben’s heart entirely. “You pretty much quit coming to the mess hall back on the ship, and then you got smaller, and you aren’t getting bigger now.” Ben yanks his hand back as if burned, looking at him like cornered prey. The former Stormtrooper’s voice is perfectly understanding and that makes it all so much worse because he doesn’t understand at all. “Why are you doing this to yourself?” Ben shuts his eyes to pull himself together. It isn’t Finn’s fault that he doesn’t understand how necessary this is, that the Light is something Ben still has to strive for daily. Finn is strong with the Light by his very nature. “I need to,” he flatly states, as if that’s all there is to say on the matter. “Don’t focus on me. At the moment, you are my top priority.” Finn presses his fingers to Ben’s forehead. “You’re sick, aren’t you? You acted all weird after that thing in the Tsussain system. Whatever you picked up there, it’s not going away, Ben. You gotta go to the Doc, okay? This is serious.” “…I will,” he relents, sending silent thanks to the Force that Finn is so naïve. “Later today, when I’m done talking to my mother – it’s just a debriefing, I can handle sitting down despite being sick, I assure you.” He manages to get them back on track to their training after that. What he doesn’t do is go to see Doctor Kalonia, or eat any of his dinner. He goes to sleep early, sure that all he needs is more sleep. All he needs is rest to sustain himself, and when Luke sees how much progress he’s made, he will give him a second chance, a chance to make things up to him. Look, Ben will say to him, to his proud mother and father, through his actions. Look at how far I have come. I can do anything you ask of me. I am less, I want less, I have banished hate from my heart. I am one with the Light. I am good for/at something at last. You will never have to send me away again as you did when I was a child. I learned my lessons; I am better now. I am good enough to be part of this Resistance. I am good enough to be a padawan again. I am good enough to be part of this family. And if I’m not, I will keep going until I am. Chapter 4 Like all secrets, Ben’s eventually tumbles out of the shadows and into the merciless light of day. He will admit even to himself that he preens before Master Luke’s arrival. He brushes his hair until the waves fall softly around his face. If his hairbrush comes away with an abnormal amount of stray strands, he honestly doesn’t notice, carefully taking a honey and Itzli mint oil and working it through his hair from the roots down, scrubbing himself clean and putting on the nicest of his non-First Order clothing. The gray pants are baggy on him but still short thanks to his height, although the shirt, tunic and overcoat his mother obtained for him when she saw how he shivers fit fairly well. He hesitates before braiding part of his hair into a padawan’s tail, but at the front, where it will be obscenely obvious. Luke is smart enough to understand the gesture of surrender for what it is and Ben is fully devoted to his apology, to his redemption. Ben is oddly pleased to find his father’s old boots fit well upon his feet. Ben enjoys it when things can be found, even tiny ones, that make him his father’s son or his mother’s child. Something about such things are humanizing and reassuring despite the massive upheaval he’s putting himself through. The base is abuzz with rumors of Luke’s return. They make Ben’s stomach churn like a turbulent sea in a way that has nothing to do with his eating habits, cause his throat to close up as if speaking is too much effort, keeps his gloved hands folding into fists. He doesn’t like how easily Finn was able to see something was awry and won’t be offering up further proof of such to him. Likeable as Finn is, he is even more new to the Force than Rey, unable to grasp all its’ nuances, all that must be done, and Ben doesn’t know that now is a good time to explain it to him. Finn might get the wrong idea from it and start skipping his own meals when he doesn’t need to. Unlike Ben, his foundation in the Force is strong and solid, thoroughly in the Light simply by nature, forged under the pressure of the First Order’s oppression like a coal turned into a diamond, something that could not be enhanced by meditations such as these. Better to keep both Rey and Finn away from things they might not be able to handle, too, given how much that they had forgiven him. Though neither has said to Ben ‘I forgive you’, they are forgiving by virtue of tolerating his presence, by their actions and continued tolerance of his presence. He owes them so much sometimes it seems he will never be able to make up for it. But the beauty of the Light is that he can. He can make right what was wrong, apologize for what he cannot, push the beast that is his pride aside and finally see, at last, exactly how much every single action, person, thought and intent mattered. Ben sees the virtues in all of them. Rey’s virtue is her resilience, her ability to endure as a child the kind of solitude that would break fully grown soldiers. Finn’s virtue is compassion so great it extends beyond the borders of what the normal person would even think possible. Poe is bravery incarnate, made real through selflessness that comes from knowing that if he takes the most dangerous flights his friends will not have to risk their lives and die as his own mother did. Jessika is gentleness despite being a lady of war and ace pilot who can destroy as easily as she can nurture. Leia is forgiveness that does not overlook sins but seeks to embrace the person despite them, an endless well of complexities that he is eternally astounded by. Han is determination that has known failure a hundred times over and has not faded in the slightest. They are all so wonderful, so incredible. He has to reconnect fully to the Light in order to make things better in their lives. It is his only desire, his only passion, his deepest longing, a need to create for others a better tomorrow than the present day they are living in. When Ben sees Finn side-eye his braided hair, he smiles at the dark skinned man. “Poe told you about padawan tradition?” “Yeah.” He swallows, running a hand through his own short hair. Ben wants to reassure him that people on the Okoros Moons usually wore their hairs as short as Finn does, wants to tell him that surely any Master will understand his lack of options given the situation. But the conversation about where Finn could come from and what that could mean is too heavy to have the same day as Master Luke’s arrival. Instead he says firmly, “Master Luke will be impressed with how far you’ve come with the katas and meditation. You’re extremely gifted, Finn.” An exhale, not a sigh, just tension. Finn is still, after all this time, unused to people paying him special attention. “You really think so?” “I know so. You have a rare level of focus. In another life, you could have been a Jedi Knight.” He makes sure to look Finn in the eyes to emphasize his earnestness and is rewarded with a slight smile and a stiff nod. “If the opportunity arises, I would be proud to offer my assistance in teaching you how to make a lightsaber.” He means it, too. He would trust Finn with one, would trust him not to use it in anger or as a tool of wickedness as Ben had used his own lightsaber previously. Finn can be passionate, yet Ben has never felt real hatred from him. The fact of the matter is that Finn is just a normal person dragged, kicking and flailing, into a world of drama, power and war. That is why Finn is an ideal lightsaber wielder – he knows what it is to be helpless against others who have no culpability for their actions. When Ben was in the First Order, he had read through their archives on Jedi and Sith of the past, on all who held titles like Master and Darth. One thing that former Darth Yarikha said stuck out in his memory when he looked at Finn: entrust an ounce of power to the powerless and you will find yourself awestruck by the caliber of their bravery. Ben thinks sometimes about how the darkest skinned humans and the lightest skinned Miraluka looked almost interchangeable with each other, save for the blindness of Miraluka, thinks of how the Okoros Moons were home to interspecies marriages, and wonders if Finn is a distant descendent of Yarikha, if he has ever been able to see at night like it was day as a Miraluka might through the Force, if part of him is carved from that same remarkable marble. Ben doesn’t know what he would admire more, for Finn to be a result of his own morality or for him to represent the continued lineage of those who fought for what was right at all costs. Both options make sense. Both options, some treacherous part of Ben’s mind reminds him, make Finn a better Jedi, a better person, than Ben himself has ever been. They are silent as they make their way to where Leia told them to wait for Luke. Ben is alight with nerves and wonders if Rey will be there as well. He does not know how to apologize for having dug into her mind. He struck that blow first, and though Rey had gotten a handful of randomized feelings from him, it wasn’t the same. Ben had attacked her. Anything she did in response was self defense. He supposes he’ll have to start out by teaching her how to avoid ever letting that happen to her again. It is a poor place to begin, but it’s all he has. After that, he thinks she would enjoy sparring with Finn while Ben gave pointers. Otherwise she might spar with him and end up justifiably beating him senseless. As therapeutic as that might be, he doubts very much that Master Luke would approve of their methods of handling past trauma. He was always looking for nonviolence, for the answer to things that involved the least amount of stress in everyone’s lives. Ben feels a deep regret, a wellspring of depression he could drown in, well up within him. He was the monster that scared Luke off, the wolf whose teeth had torn through the rest of the past. All that work to rebuild the Jedi and Ben undid it and took everything away from him in a single night and day. The pain must be unbearable. Ben can feel vertebrae for every padawan he killed; with every breath his skin draws taut. Hopefully it can help demonstrate his sincerity in the cause, his dedication to making up for the unthinkable, for doing the unspeakable. He isn’t always sure it will do, but he has nothing else to offer up as proof of his conviction. What else can he do? There’s more to be atoned for than can be managed in a single lifetime, yet he only has one. In order to fix things, he must be extraordinary. Be less, want less, hate less. Be Light, be light-as-the-Light. Sustain yourself upon the Force alone as a spirit would, as a Master would, transcend the physical. He knows what he has to be in order to make things right: perfect. He could do that. He can be that. He only needs a chance. Rey’s gaze on his back propelled Luke forward. He has no idea where she learned that trick, something that has nothing to do with the Force but everything to do with her wiry muscles and too-easy grip on her staff, but it forces him out of the ship as much as Han’s hand on his shoulder does. Han doesn’t say much to Luke about everything. After the sort of hellfire forged friendship they’ve had, all Han has to do is give his shoulder a squeeze to convey if you have to go through this, just know you’re not alone in that uniquely Han Solo way. Luke sees Poe jog up to meet them, noting the way Rey pleasantly lapses into conversation with both the pilot and the droid without taking a moment to adjust to the dual languages. Like many Force users, she understands languages almost inherently. Unlike most, she had a severe trial by fire on Jakku, having to learn to harness that as a child to survive. He hasn’t told her that it’s the Force – he doesn’t want her to think she hadn’t worked hard at it or diminish her accomplishments. That was his mistake with Ben, he knows. No accomplishment, no matter how extraordinary, was ever enough to merit anything but a comment on a flaw in his form. Snoke’s voice whispered to Ben that no one wanted or valued him while Luke’s voice has told him time and time again that he was far from perfect. Even though plenty of the blame is Ben’s, Luke knows now he made mistakes. Han and Leia were too distant and he let them stay that distant. He let Ben’s anxiety fester so long as he controlled it and punished him for failing the Jedi Code when he couldn’t, thus allowing it to morph into anger. He was a child who felt hated by his own family who had worked himself to the bone attempting to impress someone, anyone, for just an instant. Snoke was impressed when no one else was. Snoke was there when days without contact from his parents became months. Luke knows that everyone is in the process of blaming themselves – although Han won’t let it show – but he also knows that to scapegoat Ben is to turn his back on the Jedi value of compassion. And oh, how much he wanted to end Ben’s life the night Ben killed his other padawans, how compassionless he had been in that moment. It was a cold night, save for the roaring fire the compound had gone up in blistering at them, snow and ash in their hair, and Ben’s mind was unreachable, hate-anger-vengeance, and Luke’s heart was shattered, pain-failure-loss. He had reached out through the Force and grasped ahold of Ben’s neck the way his own father had grabbed his mother, hard and furious. Do it I don’t want to live I was never alive I am nothing more than Vader I’m good at/for nothing do it I want you to do it you’ve always wanted to no one wants me alive not even my parents and I don’t either so do it do it do it DO IT Luke remembers dropping Ben’s startled form onto the ground, unable to summon the strength to kill him. He recalls the horror of realizing his nephew wanted to die, wanted life to be over at his young age because there was simply no hope he could see in any future. Snoke was screaming at Ben to kill his uncle while he had a chance as Ben gasped for air, every limb shaking with an influx of Force energy. Then Ben got to his feet and ran, retreated into the snowy night, all instincts, no plans, and they had both done the wrong and right thing. Luke left the civilized galaxy behind to avoid exactly this meeting, this moment facing the suicidal young man whose sole comfort had been the Dark Side. His only reason to live had been removed, now; perhaps Ben had come back to his senses or perhaps he had found himself as unwanted on the Dark Side as the Light. If he could, he would go back in time and praise Ben’s every bit of work, his flawless forms, his well-practiced katas, his affinity for physical meditations. He would make Leia and Han be more involved. He can do none of these things. So instead he endures Leia’s too-tight hug and quip about his beard, seeing the pain she’ll never show behind her eyes, her strength undiminished even after all that has happened, and then he lets her lead him to his nephew and Finn. Through the Force, he can sense them both long before he sees them. Finn is radiant in the Light, but hasn’t even begun to tap into his own strength yet, not really. Given his life circumstances, it was probably for the best that he had managed to slip under the radar of the First Order and the Force abilities within him had stayed dormant for so long. He is nervous, though compared to the maelstrom of anxiety that is Ben, Finn is tranquil. Ben’s emotions flicker between dread, anticipation, regret and hope. Luke can’t get a good grip on what’s going on under the surface. He’s not sure Ben himself can. The breath catches in his throat when he sees his nephew. “Ben… what have you done?” he doesn’t wait for an answer, even though Ben’s mouth opens to give it, turning to Leia to ask, “Why are you letting him do this?” Leia’s eyes narrow at Ben, suspicion dawning. “Do what?” Ben’s on his feet now, looking defensive and taken aback, as if Luke’s reaction is all wrong. “Uncle, I needed to be strong in the Light. Baridi Sangura-” “Is not a role model for anyone seeking to return to the Light and live,” Luke says over him, over his own mounting horror, guilt settling like a mantle onto his shoulders as he sees the prominence of Ben’s shoulder blades, the hint of bone at the base of his neck under his hair, the weeks turned months of lost meals that must have gone into this mad scramble for a glimpse of the Light. “You need to eat.” “I need the Light,” he snaps back, defiance flaring to life in his eyes. Then Leia understands; her hand goes to her mouth, and both men reach for her. “Mother… please, let me explain…” She takes a step back, holding up a hand. “Now, both of you back up. Who or what is Baridi Sangura?” They share a look. And then Ben explains, and she wishes she hadn’t asked. In the era of the Sith’s near-dominance, the time between Darth Revan’s leading scores of Jedi to the Dark Side and the era that will ensue after his disappearance, there is a girl born on Korriban, in the very halls of the Sith Academy, to a recruit whose name is lost to history. No child has ever been born in the midst of such incredible Dark energy, and it seeps into her, binds itself into her body and mind before she has exhaled her first breath. Her mother gives her up to the Sith cause for a promotion. She is raised an experiment to see if heavy exposure to a place steeped in such energy will kill a human being so young and fragile. No one loves her, no one cares for her, and in turn she loves none of them and no higher cause than service of the self. In this, she is truly Sith. She is named Sangura by her teachers only because she needs a name to answer to, and she is raised to be the sort of Sith legends are written about, the kind of monster people as far away as the Outer Rim will tell their children of as a warning not to venture out at night. History books will call her Darth Sangura, but she never holds such a title, though she had the potential to. As a child she goes out at night and exerts her Force grip on the minds of captured Republic soldiers. When she is eight, the guards find her using the Force to make a man into her puppet, making him dance with her as if in a ballroom. Sweat beads on his head with the effort of resisting, but she shows no signs of straining to make him her toy, laughing innocently. She is a powerful wielder of Force Lightning as she grows older, a nimble and agile killer, an excellent trap for many Jedi spies entering the Academy who think they can save her from the Darkness and make her a weapon of the Light. They appeal to her humanity, which is nonexistent, and pay with their lives. She kills them all only after extracting every piece of usable information there is from their unwilling minds, their screams her lullaby, her luminous yellow-green eyes the last sight of dozens of foolish Light Side younglings. Sangura finds in the mind of one a location of, potentially, an unparalleled number of kyber crystals, perfect for use in lightsabers. To secure it may turn the tide of war. By this time Revan has returned from the dead and rejoined the Light. Republic forces are closing in on the Starforge. Another grand chapter in the struggle between Sith and Republic is coming to a close, but they are preparing for the next. They send her away on a small ship to seek out the crystals without a word to anyone. She gets more details from those who try to hide their thoughts when she mentions kyber crystals, killing many useless leads in the process of finding those who genuinely have useful information. Nearly three weeks into her journey, she finds the planet Mtsari, an icy desert where the sands are grey-black, the only water is ice and the only wildlife long dead. There are not enough resources for anyone to ever make use of this world, so what lay hidden here has been hidden for centuries, only stumbled onto by accident every few hundred years. She has no shovel. She digs with the Force, with lightning, with gloved hands, with gnashed teeth and unparalleled effort, looking for the caverns she can sense. The place is protected by the Light, but she has never failed in anything, thus she is unrelenting until she creates a way in where people like her should never tread. The earth does not so much part as it shatters for the young woman carrying the surname Sithborn, and she ventures for hours under the surface before coming upon the crystals. Eagerly, she reaches for one, intending to gauge which is the best and forge the best lightsaber for herself. Something invisible hits her in the dead center of the chest and flings her across the cavern, her body stopping only when it hits the opposite wall. She spits out blood, rises, and finds herself staring into the eyes of a Force Ghost, a visage familiar yet foreign, like a memory from a dream. “No,” the man says, as her breath hangs in the frigid air and passes through him. His Jedi robes are motionless, out of sync with the rest of his body, as if he exists in a void. “The Darkness will find no place to take root here. You journey is at an end, child.” Rapidly, the air grows colder. The glass in her hairpins crackle and shatter from cold; ice forms on her boots, in the creases of the stiff fabric of her clothes. She is shaking so hard she cannot continue to stand. Frost from the ground seeps into her very bones, rising up, leaving her staring helpless at the pale blue ghost before her. Sangura calls upon the Force to give her heat, to give her strength, to push the blood through her veins and air through her lungs, but it is no use. The Dark Side is death, it is the end of eras, the self before all others, and it will not extend itself through her when she cannot further its’ goals. The world drains of color, all greys with the sole exception the light blue of the Master watching her life fade away, flickering like a candle fighting against the wind. All sound fades but her heartbeat in her own ears, a sluggish two beats every seven seconds right next to each other. Dum-dum… dum-dum… dum-dum… Dum-dum… dum… dum… …dum… … Then there is a glow so bright the blue Ghost flees, and a gentle, warm hand upon her frozen cheek, fingertips tracing the line of her jaw. “Oh, my daughter. My child. What a fool I have been; hush now, and fear no more my old Master.” Her limp, near-lifeless body is picked up and cradled to an orange vision, a see-through woman whose heat seeps into every inch of the girl she long ago gave up. Sangura does not know her by sight. She has never known her mother, never needed to know such a thing, so she does not understand at first that her mother was once a Jedi before becoming a Sith. What she does know is that for the first time in her nineteen years of life, someone is holding her, is soothing her as she ails, is running a hand through her thick ink-brown hair with love. Her heartbeat is still slow, her eyes unfocused. She watches as her mother plucks a crystal from the wall, a small yellow-orange thing, like the light of early dawn. “The Dark is vast and deep as an ocean, and you are drowning,” Sangura is told, “But they have lied to you. You are not strong with the Dark Side, you are strong with the Force. Your body is what has been corrupted by the Darkness, your body and your mind. You must bend their will to yours. You must break yourself down as you broke through the ground to get into this place. Train yourself to hate that which has infected you. Create a yearning for the Light that the starving have for food. Reforge yourself, or you shall not last the year.” Sangura awakes on the surface of Mtsari with her hair elaborately done up and a kyber crystal in her hands. For many months there is no telling what has become of her. Her shuttle is found traded for raw materials in the Outer Rim fourth hand, no Sith has claimed the glory of having bested her, and no one has the time to care after a while. A single person is not as important as rebuilding the Empire or Republic to undo the damage of what has happened. It is not uncommon for Sith younglings to turn to the Light in mimicry of Revan’s return to it, mistakenly seeking power. One such Sith, a girl with her own custom-made lightsaber, shows up on the steps of an old, orthodox Jedi monastery in the rain one night, rail-thin with determination in her eyes. She is too old to be trained by anyone else, but she also will not leave, running laps around the building during the day, doing chores, making food, forcing herself to be useful to them until one of them teaches her basic katas. Her progress is rapid even though she is given only tiny scraps to work with. She watches the older Jedi practice breathing meditation and teaches it to herself. She does not sleep, she takes her energy from the sun and moon, she does not eat, she sustains herself on water and practices for hours on end. The day comes her devotion is resented by the other padawans, the legitimate ones, so they challenge her to lightsaber sparring. Her limbs are like rods, her lightsaber oddly colored, clearly poorly made. But she draws upon the Light, and it shoves her into motion, her lack of weight keeping her from being tethered to the earth. She is movement, she is wind, she is untouchable, her lightsaber is like a feather wielded by a maelstrom, and she wins against ten long-trained disciples of the Light on her first try. Her mouth is a fountain of Jedi mantras, her mind is a blank book any Master may write in, her body is repulsed by the Light her soul seeks. She introduces herself as Baridi when she is made a proper padawan at the age of twenty, and her Force Healing is all that keeps her alive as she continues on her training. The Sith eventually become aware of some young Jedi they need to strike down who is so strong in the Light that she can resurrect the dead on the battlefield, as if the Light is carved into the curves of her very bones. It is only when she leads a surprise raid on Korriban that her old Master, the one her mother gave her to, puts the pieces together. “Sithborn,” he accuses as he tries to strike at her, only to cut at robes that hide limbs like twigs. “Baridi,” she corrects as she whirls and stabs him through the chest, burying her yellow-orange lightsaber into his heart. Her eyes are luminous as the sun’s rays through spring leaves. “Baridi Sangura.” Her crusades past that are glorious, burning through the Empire when they can least afford it, her battalion supplying themselves with unique lightsabers whose colors are never matched again on either side. She takes the secret of where she gets the crystals with her, for none of her men know the way to the planet she describes, and with time it becomes part of the legend and lore of Jedi, a place thought of as a dream or another realm. Attempts to find it by the Sith fail although it logically should be somewhere in their space. Baridi never writes down the coordinates to the planet Mtsari; before she ventures there, time after time, her padawans over the years observe her dancing as if in a ballroom, with a flickering mirage of orange she calls ‘Mother’, and each time, she somehow finds her way. She rarely eats in the presence of others, if she does at all, subsisting, it seems, upon only the Force, yet her Force Healing only grows in power the more she pushes herself, until most who have served with her have been resurrected at least twice by the time their beloved General draws her last breath. When she dies at the age of twenty-four, it is not at the hands of the Sith. The Light simply cannot sustain anyone indefinitely. Not even its' champion. Chapter 5 Ben is just trying to save himself. It’s enough to make Leia cry. Luke has the good sense not to immediately comfort her when she goes to her room to retreat and regroup, given she’d turn on him in an instant with words sharp as a blade, but no one has ever accused Han of having an excessive amount of sense. He goes in, dodges a thrown pillow from the bed and knows by the fury in her eyes she’s blaming herself entirely for this. Half of this marriage has been arguments, including, it seems, this. Somehow it seems sort of fitting that they’re as lost now as they were when Ben was a child – in a way, they’re picking up where they left off. That doesn’t mean it’s any easier, though. If Han was going to be truthful, he only partially blamed Snoke. Part of him blamed Luke. If all that Jedi gunk, the mythology, the stories, the practices, hadn’t been etched into Ben’s mind like carvings into stone, they could have avoided this. Not all of this, maybe, not Ben falling to the Dark Side, but this , the thinness of Ben’s body, the jagged lines of bone that stabbed right at his parents’ hearts, the fact Ben’s eyes, dark as Leia’s and just as intelligent, held absolutely no regret, were home to some kind of passion, devotion, to what he’s doing. Why should he feel sorry? He’s doing his best to be strong in the Light Side, and isn’t that what Luke always told him he needed to do more of? Han wants to yell at his brother-in law until things make sense again. Then it occurs to Han that a better father would have more say over his son than his son’s Master, and the words die in his throat. A better father wouldn’t have pushed Ben away so much that Ben would fall to the Dark Side in the first place. He sits down beside a huffing, distraught Leia on a bed that once was theirs but these days is mostly hers, when someone reminds her to sleep and use it, anyway. Most days she falls asleep in the common room working. Leia is nonstop; maybe Ben got that from her, even if got his reckless tendencies from his father. Han takes in just how tired she looks. It’s been a long time since anyone dealt Leia a blow like that; it’s been decades since Han looked at her after doing something stupid and on that line between reckless and brave and wanted praise. That’s going to keep him awake at night, he can tell already. Ben has Han’s foolhardiness, his willingness to improvise and take the riskiest path so long as it was the most profitable one. If Han had Force powers and somebody told him there was a trick to kicking it into high gear, especially at that age? He’d have done it, hid it and been unrepentant when he was caught. Ben might get the Force from Leia, but he’s gotten Han’s less attractive personality traits. “Quit doing that,” she says into the silence, explaining when he looks at her, “Quit blaming yourself. You’re not the one who suggested sending him off to Luke’s.” “Neither were you,” he shoots back. His wife glares at him for a second, an exasperated look informing him that wasn’t the point. “If I don’t get to blame myself, neither do you, Princess.” The nickname makes her smile sadly for a second, just a brief moment. He wishes someone could help him understand how they drifted so far apart. All he wants right now is to go back to whatever moment he screwed up that set them on this course and take some other course of action. Maybe Ben wouldn’t be doing this if they hadn’t sent him to Luke’s, maybe he’d be better if his parents had talked to him more, if they had been closer, he doesn’t know. Han has no idea what having Force powers is like nor does he want to know, quite frankly. The cost doesn’t seem worth what it does to a person. He’s been there beside Leia through enough nightmares of people’s deaths felt through the Force to see how it can be best described as a magnificently over-glorified burden. Useful, sure, but he wouldn’t want to have it crawling under his skin and into his head all the time. He idly wonders if Ben has Force nightmares, if Ben has random bursts of energy from the Force like Leia does that let them power on working into the night long after everyone else was exhausted, if Ben ever throws things with his mind like Leia did when she was pregnant. How much he doesn’t know about his son is a damning thought in and of itself. “We’re gonna have to talk to Doctor Kalonia,” he says just to keep the silence from suffocating them, much as he doesn’t want to even think about how hard it’ll be to endure the doctor’s look of judgment. “I may be able to fix ships, but I don’t know a lot about biology. Never needed to. Chewie might have some suggestions. Force knows that Wookie cuisine is heavy enough to put some weight back on anyone.” She exhales, not a sigh, just a controlled breath. “Ben used to love Chewie’s food. The second you said he hadn’t eaten on the way back, I should have known-” “He was conscious maybe twice, if you can call it that. Leia, I don’t think he even remembers the trip back. Nobody could’ve told a thing from that. I’m the one who hauled him back and didn’t realize just how thin he was-” “The boy dresses like a pile of draperies, no one could have told that.” Leia pinches the bridge of her nose, clearly irritated. “You really do know how to make this all about you, don’t you?” “If it keeps you from doing the same?” he retorts, wrapping an arm around her shoulders, “I can do this all day.” She buries her face in his shoulder. “I love you.” “I know.” Ben has an argument for Luke prepared in his head within a few minutes, but all of that goes out the window when his uncle says softly, “I’m sorry, Ben.” “No you’re not,” he says, and he doesn’t even know why he said it, just that it’s what he feels to be true. It’s the first and last thought he has regarding the matter. Actually, he’s glad Finn cleared the room so that the more sensitive padawan isn’t here to hear the bitter chuckles that tear their way out of Ben’s throat. “I doubt you could have done anything more to push me down the right path if you had tried. There is nothing to be sorry for; some people are just destined to fall. Isn’t that what Bastila Shan taught – what you believe?” Now Luke looks almost on the verge of the tears, hollow-eyed and old. Age does not suit him, or maybe it suits him perfectly. He wears the wisdom and the look of a man who holds the secrets of the galaxy in his mind well. What does not suit him is the pain, betrayal and uncertainty in his face. Ben wonders in this moment as he has always wondered: does his uncle regret not killing him? He hasn’t given the man many reasons to forgive him. He was a terrible nephew, a worse padawan and not much in the way of anything else. Ben doesn’t hold illusions that he’s some wonderful perfect radiant source of Light and love and positivity that must be loved and cherished, coddled and respected. He was many things in the past. None of those things are on the list. Likely, they never will be, if he doesn’t eradicate all the awful tendencies bubbling up inside him. He has to be gentler, more understanding, be less, want less, hate less, until he has lessened so much of his negative qualities he has at least one positive trait. He has so much yet to do that maybe, honestly, they’d all be better off if Luke had killed him, Jedi Code be damned. “I have done this to you, haven’t I?” Luke says softly, and suddenly Ben is incredulous, angry, actually physically on edge because he wants his due credit. Ben is the one who does vigorous workouts on the unforgiving stone floor every morning, he’s the one who bites the top of his hand to keep from snatching up food, he’s the one who pounds down tea like it’s water and there’s a fire he’s trying to quench. Luke does not get to take credit for Ben’s work. “Actually, I managed this myself,” he replies, shoving down anger. Anger is not Jedi-like, not part of the Light. Be less, want less, hate less, and what was anger if not the start of hatred? He’s still such a mess, damn it all. Clearly, he hasn’t been trying hard enough. But he can do better, he can find something else to cut out of his diet, he can work harder, workout longer, he just needs to sit down and analyze things. “I am doing the best I can.” All this does is make Luke hold up a hand for Ben to be quiet. “I was hard on you, harder than I should have been. You were, you are, family. In my striving to treat you like other padawans-” Anger flares up, white-hot claws tearing its’ way out of his heart and his mouth, before he can stop it. “You never treated me like the other padawans.” Just as quickly, like a flickering candle changing directions in the wind, that anger turns inward. “I was evil and you could see it, you could see what was wrong and what was coming. You were only trying to save me. I’m – I am sorry, Master. Uncle. I have no right to be angry with you for my own failures.” That was why his uncle had made him meditate longer, do more laps around the Temple, given him more tasks to do, right? Everything was a result of Ben’s lack of skill, his inability to chase away the hatred in his heart, both that which made him hate other padawans and that which made him fantasize about dying and reincarnating into something simple and unremarkable like a tree frog. Sometimes Ben still had flashes of elaborate scenarios he had conjured up for himself. He had gotten so many punishments for such minor infractions that he was more at home in solitude than with people from an early age. He had built up places and stories in his mind, dreams of leaving the Jedi Order and going to Hoth, living in isolation as a tauntaun farmer; thoughts of running away to Pacifica IV and running one of the remote water purification rigs funneling in clean water to the planet proper; visions of a life carved out in the Sansar mountains, untraceable, unreachable through the planet’s vast ion storms. When he was a child and teenager he had let his mind leave his body to dwell in dreams that centered around the common theme of being left alone, completely alone, alone with no one to tell him about all the progress he was failing to make, the friends he was alienating, the parents he was letting down, the Jedi Code he wasn’t living up to. Of course, that much daydreaming led to more falling short. Nothing Ben did was ever good enough because he had been so self-sabotaging. These nights he dreamed of being brutally killed on the battlefield, of being tortured by a righteous (and right) Hux who had seen it all coming, of being shot by Phasma (who never really cared because no one ever did), of his funeral, of his mother being so proud, his father telling his smuggler friends about his son the war hero, of Poe finally forgiving him and leaving a white Fau lily from his late mother’s garden on the grave, of Rey and Finn never having another nightmare where he was the predator. It all ran together in one big long parade of affirmations he had, at long last, after a lifetime of failures, succeeded. It would be the moment where he stopped being The Second Coming Of Vader and became The Son Of The General. In that moment people would stop saying how much he didn’t look like his parents, how actually, he had his mother’s ears, his father’s expressions, how his hair curled like his uncle’s had when he was younger. The galaxy would forgive him for all the things he had done wrong, all the things he had not done at all, and all the awful things that could have been had he not returned to the Light- Only when Luke made a choked noise does Ben realize what he was doing. “Get out of my head!” he half-shouts, consciously shoving his former Master out as he did so. Great, he was out of practice shutting out Force users, he had to practice that now, too. He mentally added it to the growing list of things he had to work on. “You never wanted to be in there before!” This time, his uncle recoils as if struck. Ben’s eyes widen. “That’s not – I didn’t mean that – I am sorry, I can – I have to work on this, on getting rid of my anger, I know, I know , there is no passion, there is only the Force. I’m working on it, I promise I am. Just give me time, Master, please.” “Ben, just… stop. Before you kill yourself, stop all this. I – I have to go talk, to your mother, and father.” The color drains from Ben’s face. He knows Luke will make them put insane restrictions on him. What he can’t understand is why. All he’s doing now is everything Luke ever wanted! He is a vessel for the Light, he seeks it the way a man on fire seeks water, he meditates and meditates and even when he isn’t he’s training Finn, Finn, who is pure Light and joy and wonder, who has to be leaving some Light in Ben just through proximity. He paces every waking moment. He does push ups, he does handstands where the Force is the only thing giving his body the strength not to crumple, he is losing not just weight but something far more important. He is losing the things he used to be. Ben has not thrown a single one of Kylo’s trademark tantrums since he was rescued. He has not choked anyone, has taken everything in stride, as best he can. Kylo Ren is a villainous character molded by Snoke into the exact opposite of who Ben Solo has doggedly fought to make himself into. It’s as if some incredible carnivore repeatedly came to him in the night and slowly ripped away at both his flesh and all the parts of him that are evil, until only purity and bones remained, until he was good enough. If Luke stops this, Ben knows he won’t be good enough for all of them any longer. They’d all known it growing up, ever since he was a small child. There is so much Vader in him still. Like fat, it can be purged, expelled, but not if he has to eat. It’s his fault, though. If he’d made more progress before his uncle arrived, Luke would understand. In the end this is just one more way Ben has let him down. Chapter 6 Notes: Two chapters in one day is my way of apologizing for the schedule slip. Sorry! He loves tea the way Baridi Sangura did thousands of years before he was born. The warmth fills his stomach up, tricks it, and it’s all a series of tricks now. He has to trick everyone around him and trick his body into submission. Ben is a clever man, though, he can do it. The only one he isn’t going to be able to fool outright is Dr. Kalonia. Irrational as it is – she can’t be expected to understand Jedi practices – he sort of hates her. He’s got an end goal that is so much more important than her medical readouts that it takes everything he has in him not to scream when she insists on some other test for some other purpose, as if she doesn’t already know his body more intimately than anyone in existence. He misses being able to thrash medical droids and avoid medbays altogether, but he’s okay, this is okay, he can work around this somehow. He comes from a long lineage of intelligent people who improvised their way to victory. He can do likewise. People give him tea whenever he asks. Ben is not lying when he says he’s cold and wants it to warm him up. Once, without realizing it, he drinks an entire pot of it by himself while reading some of Dr. Kalonia’s mandated medical texts on what he’s doing to himself. That incident seems to convince people he genuinely needs his food and drink to be warm. He agrees with the latter. The former is tempting, greatly so, a traitorous part of him whispering that just one warm bite would be so good , he should try a bite, he could work off a bite, couldn’t he? Refusing is incredibly difficult to do now that he has to do it nicely, but he has to make sure he reconnects fully with the Light, so he can’t get angry and throw a fit. He has to find excuses, some kind of one-off lie, rotate through all of his phrases just right, keep track of who he told what so he doesn’t contradict himself. Their eyes are all on him now. Finn told Rey and Poe, Poe confided in Jessika, Han and Leia told Uncle Chewie and Dr. Kalonia, and now Ben carefully examines the emotions and looks in the eyes of everyone he comes across. How many people know? He’s not sure. He has to assume everyone does until proven otherwise, it’s the only way to get out of this mess, he can’t let himself get fooled by anyone’s seeming goodwill. They don’t understand. Solving puzzles with the aid of the Force was a common part of padawan training. This is a lot more complicated. Ben still views it as a puzzle, a never-ending one, a morphing one, a new level of challenge above and beyond his old training. How many ways can he say he isn’t hungry and make it convincing? How many times can he feign tiredness and tell people he’ll eat after he sleeps? How many nights can he spend pacing and doing exercises when they get food into him? How many excuses he can find in dinnertime conversation to leave, to act as if something in the talk had upset him? He’s surprising himself with his own ingenuity. He sneaks food into his napkin, gives it to the black cat Poe has tamed into living on base with them, squishes it together to make it look smaller, talks through meals even though he hates talking to people who are out to get him the way it feels like all of these people are. His parents thought mandating he eat with someone would mean he had proper meals. He’s smarter than he used to be, though. He can work around this obstacle. He’s not defeated yet. They’re at war with the First Order, so Jedi training goes on for Finn and Rey, and they are stubbornness incarnate, so they eventually cave to the temptation of extra lessons from Ben. He makes sure not to over-exert himself in front of them. The Force helps, it gives him energy, makes him look like he’s doing much better physically than he actually is. Besides, so far they aren’t exactly ready to go into battle themselves; mostly they do self control exercises, balancing tricks, things designed to get their bodies in tune with the Force that don’t rely solely upon it, lest they end up with injuries that they’ll all have to explain to Luke later. Rey is better at raw Force potential than anyone Ben’s ever seen. All the power that surges through her is blinding in its’ own way. Finn is full of enthusiasm and the efforts he puts in to catch up to her are commendable. He is earnest, eager to please, eager to help, if a bit insecure in himself sometimes. His hair is actually growing in now, and Rey has taken to reaching out and tugging on a fluffy strand of it when he’s being too hard on himself. Ben wonders if they’re romantically inclined towards each other. Happy as they might make each other, he feels extremely uneasy at the idea of how strong with the Force their potential child would be. The Force ruined his childhood. It took him from Ben Solo to Second Coming Of Vader. He tries not to think about it. There’s enough to think about just meditating is hard. Admittedly Ben’s better at that than Finn or Rey because while they have full lives to lead, he’s been benched by Dr. Kalonia until he puts on a frankly insane amount of weight. He has all the time he ever wanted and more to meditate. Rey is vocal about her frustration with not getting it down perfectly in her first few tries. Finn looks silently embarrassed. Ben reminds them they’re just starting and he’s had an absurd head start on them both. This does nothing to ease Rey’s dissatisfaction with everything; Finn just thinks very loudly that he should be doing better so he can help people. Finn loves the Resistance, loves everyone around him who treats him with even the smallest shred of kindness, and Ben has never felt protective before but he wants to shield Finn from any and all cruelty, keep him as far from the Dark Side as possible, wants to listen to him gush about something new and wondrous he’s just learned for hours. Thankfully Ben guards his thoughts very carefully so no one has to hear him stupidly mother-hen a grown man in his head. Or at least, he’s half-sure it’s a mothering instinct. Sometimes he catches himself staring at Finn’s perfect smile or caught up in Rey’s contagious smothered laughter and has to remind himself Jedi are completely, utterly celibate. He focuses on lines of Jedi doctrine when he’s meditating until his head echoes with the effort of it. Neither of these people have done anything so awful as to deserve him and he is not a good Jedi if he’s having these thoughts. He wishes he could seek out Master Luke to help him clear his head but they avoid each other so completely it’s a thing of perverse beauty. Ben will drop whatever he was holding and leave if Luke enters the room and Luke will try to sense Ben’s mind and keep away from him to begin with, and when Leia tries to make them sit down and eat a family meal they barely glance at their food, staring at each other. Luke wants into Ben’s head. Ben wants into Luke’s to pull information on the Force from him. A Force user cannot guard their mind and dig through someone else’s so they stare at each other until a verbal argument erupts. Ben leaves the room, deciding to be the bigger man for once, to not rise to any of those barbs disguised as concerned questions. Leia doesn’t try to get them together again afterwards, although she’s definitely still planning something . His mother does not give up or give ground without a hidden motive. There’s a reason she’s the General. Unfortunately, she doesn’t understand him anymore than Luke does these days. Then there’s Han. Ben wants to throw it back in his face that Han avoided him for years, a few weeks of Ben avoiding him is absolutely nothing by comparison. Every time he so much as thinks it, he sees his father’s concern in his mind’s eye and relents. He tries not to keep the same hours as Han for the sake of not knowing what to say to him that wouldn’t be misunderstood or a disappointment or both. All the Force powers in the world will never render Han Solo someone who can be read. What goes on in his head is his own secret, which makes Ben nervous. It’s hypocritical to be anxious about what Han is thinking when Ben is lying to everyone that he’s doing his best to get better, when he’s apparently as difficult to read as his father. The simple fact is that Ben can’t deal with uncertainty. He needs a plan, an idea of what he’s doing, where he’s going, why, and what the plans and whys of other people are. Otherwise he’ll end up as locked out of the loop and out of everyone’s lives as he was as a child. Ben doesn’t want to be pushed away again. He needs the Force to be indispensable to the galaxy, so he fights the dizziness, the hot flashes, the shivers, the urge to sit down and eat until he can’t fit anything else into his body and lay down and sleep for years. His father makes everything significantly more difficult the day he lets Ben help repair the Falcon. The ship is like an old friend forever in need of a few more credits; even Rey is annoyed and fond of it in equal parts, despite having confided in Ben she thought it was garbage at first. Ben hasn’t repaired the Falcon with his father since he was eight. He nearly cries when Han asks him and he doesn’t know why . It’s just a ship, this is just because Rey is busy, right? Something akin to fear rises up in him, a nagging feeling his father won’t let him do this again if he messes a single thing up. He works harder and more carefully than Han or Uncle Chewie put together, putting every last thing in order for three hours, dodging personal questions from his father entirely on accident via his laser-focus, although he also has questions about his father’s past exploits because how does someone get tentacle residue in the ceiling’s coolant system? The physically impossibility of it is stunning. Ben’s impressed and horrified by the story his father gives him by way of explanation. Uncle Chewie gives up trying to get Han not to embellish the story ten minutes in and goes to take a break. Talking over Han is a losing venture. Only when the smell hits him does Ben realize it was an excuse to go cook. He clamps a hand over his mouth when the Wookie comes back with what presumably is supposed to be dinner. The aroma is almost like peanut butter, yet spicier, not-quite-garlic, some kind of thick mix of a heavy sauce and vegetables into a dish not exactly a stew, given it could be eaten with a fork. That’s before the green Dooreesian kale bread registers with his system, fresh baked, looking soft and like it would be so easy to swallow, to bite into, to tear apart. He can see the sugared bantha butter off to the side on the tray and his mind just sort of stops working. The urge to bolt away and towards the same spot has every nerve in his body working overtime; he is overwhelmed by cold while heat flares up in his stomach, an ache so intense he has to brace his abdomen with his free hand. Ben is barely aware that his father is speaking to him. He’s unaware he’s shaking until Han puts a stabilizing hand on his shoulder. Ben steps back and retreats, remembering the good old days, when he was seven and they’d eat in here, the three of them, listening to Han embellish stories, back when people wanted Ben around . Back when he was someone other than Vader reincarnated, back when he was Han’s boy, back when everything made sense, when the future seemed so bright, so secure. None of that is true now. He’s not really Ben, deep down he’s still Kylo Ren, he doesn’t deserve this, he hasn’t made enough progress. Of course, if he had been a better child, they never would have had to send him away at all, would they? They would have been able to love him the way Poe’s dad loved him. Ben had seen Kes Dameron scoop Poe up into his arms as a child and throw him into the air, catching him deftly, swinging him around, so happy, so obviously deeply loving. He treasured the child he’d helped create. Maybe Han had too, but then Ben had ruined everything by getting angry at random intervals, by getting jealous of other kids, starting fights, yelling at people, using the Force to throw things – he was so awful, just terrible, an unlovable kid, aggressive without a cause, uncontrollable, a wild animal. Sometimes he had apologized but it never helped, it never took away the thing everyone felt. He felt through the Force that everyone was anxious, on edge, around him. Sometimes people were afraid of him, annoyed he was present, just plain tired of him. No one wanted him. No one wants him now . That makes his decision for him and he turns to leave, so much emotion whirling around in his head that he can’t even put names to them. His father grabs ahold of his wrist, winces when he can wrap his fist around the bony joint with room to spare. “Ben-” “I should go,” he says, cuts his father off just so he can do as little damage as possible, make this end as quickly as he can. He doesn't know how long this brief moment of his father caring will last, only that he can't witness it end and make it out alright. “I don’t want to ruin your life again.” Han swallows, thickly. “…I said that when you were five , I was a new parent, I was – look, kid, there’s no manual for learning how to be a good father. I didn’t mean it.” Shame floods him and he snorts, although there’s a note of something half-hysterical, half-broken in it. “I deserved it. You aren’t a bad father, I’m just a monster.” The word slips out but it’s so accurate he can’t even bring himself to speak after it. Somebody had to say it. He’s always been a monster. They’re not going to be able to make progress until they deal with that. Uncle Chewie sets the tray down and approaches. When Ben was very small and his parents were busy, Chewie was his babysitter, his godfather. Other humans were taken aback by it, by how a Wookie could beat out Luke for that position. They didn’t know Chewbacca very well. Few people knew how he had once had a wife and a son, Lumpy (short for Lumpiturar, old Wookie for ‘playful one) before the Empire had simply erased them from existence. Chewie had kept his surname off the records in an attempt to hide them, but two blaster holes through the head and a quick holovid of the crime later, his whole family was gone. He’d grieved almost entirely with Han. He would overload Luke and Leia with it accidentally through the Force otherwise. Then years later, after the war was over, Ben came into being, and Chewie had held him securely, let infant Ben bury his face in his Uncle’s fur. He had never complained once about helping toddler Ben walk, talk, learn Wookie, learn to write. He had introduced him to Wookie pottery and honor culture, enlisted his help in making Wookie dishes rich in spices and vegetables instead of meat, taught him how to daydream his way to sleep. Ben wonders if his Uncle Chewie sees any of the old Ben Solo, the little boy baking wukoria pastries alongside him in the evil thing he morphed into long before he was given the title of Kylo Ren. He knows Chewie used to think of him as something more than a nephew. He also knows no one could possibly look at him as he is now and feel the same way. Forgiveness just isn’t a possibility. Except then Chewie pulls him into a warm hug that feels all-encompassing with how massive Wookies are and asks softly, “ Is that why you won’t eat? ” He forces back tears. There is no sorrow, only the Force. There is no conflict, there is only the Force. There is only peace only peace only peace only there never was because you don’t deserve it and he bites his lip so hard he draws blood trying to keep it all in. He isn’t sure when he stopped deserving it. When he fell to the Dark Side would be the obvious answer. The truth is not the obvious answer. What’s wrong with him goes so much farther back than that it may not have a beginning. Maybe he never really deserved the good family, good food, good times he had. Maybe that’s why they were so brief. He is flawed, he is malfunctioning, he is inherently glitched, there is just nothing else to it. The only way he will ever be something more than that is if he can wield the Light as easily as breathing, if he can become its’ vessel, and then, then he’ll finally be whole. He wants to be whole more than he wants to be alive. The realization doesn’t scare him. Death doesn’t scare him. Who he is, who he’s always been – that’s what scares him. More than that, that’s what he’s ashamed of. He is a mistake he is trying to correct. “It’s complicated,” he tells his Uncle flatly. Be less, want less, hate less. Until there is nothing tethering you to your malformed heart. “I love you,” Han says bluntly, making Ben start slightly and stare at him. Kriffing hell, he looks so lost and confused, like that’s just not possible. “I love you too much to let you get yourself killed. So we’re going to – I’m going to, fix this. As much as I can. And I’m no good with all this, you know that, but I’m going to damn well try. I don’t know how to make this better. But I need you alive to do it. Just… sit down and eat. Try. I’m right here, and I’m not going anywhere.” It’s true. Han hasn’t taken any flights since he found out about Ben’s meditation practices. The smell of the food is alluring. He is so hungry, so tired, so sick of thinking, that he lets himself sit down and reach for the damn fork. Weakness, something hisses at him from within. You’re failing at everything. You’re losing. You always lose, Ben. He wants to eat. He’s wanted to eat for so long. All he has to do is lift the fork to his mouth. This should be easy; after all, he’s been thinking about food for hours each day. The portion on his plate is less than half of that of his father’s. This is not even a full meal. At best, this is a start towards one. Ben tries to remember that, but the food seems to loom, the plate small and the food is just too big and he has a death grip on his fork. One bite, he tries to tell himself, take it one bite at a time, bit by bit, until it’s gone, he managed to get himself into his situation, he can get himself out of it for one evening, for the people that care. The memory of shoving every morsel of that roast down his throat makes him shudder, makes him want to gag. What if he does that, what if he regrets this later, what if he makes himself sick? What will everyone think? What will they say? Uncle Chewie went through a lot to cook this, but oh, Force, people are watching, his family is watching, they’re watching him fail, he’s letting them down all over again. He hates himself, but he can’t hate himself. Hatred is not part of the Light. He needs to go run, go exercise, until all the hate is out of him and he’s a good Jedi again, a good person, someone worth something. He is awful and he is trying but he can’t get the fork into his mouth because it’ll undo everything he’s fought so hard for. Ben finally weeps, his will not to do so breaking, hides his head in his hands, shame-faced, thinking I lost I made a mistake I am the mistake. He repeats this until his father sits down beside him with uncharacteristic gentleness, takes the fork from his clenched hand and carefully gets food onto it, not a lot, but any amount is too much, and how did Ben go from Kylo Ren to someone his father needed to feed? “Just try with me,” Han instructs him. “We can do this. Don’t think about the whole thing. Don’t think about everything on the fork. Bit by bit, alright?” His son doesn’t ask him how Han knows that’s a good strategy to get food into him. He’s afraid of what the answer might be. Han might’ve read up on his, he might’ve known someone with some kind of problem, he’s a mystery to Ben after all this time. Maybe that’s what Ben deserves, too. He does his best not to think about it. The first bite tastes so overwhelming he gags. He nearly spits it out. Ben doesn’t want to do this. He can’t. He’s going to lose everything. He’s going to lose his father all over again and he doesn’t know if he can take it, if he can go through that once more and keep living. To get it out of his mouth as soon as he can he swallows mostly without chewing. Uncle Chewie passes him a cup of tea Ben drinks greedily from until it’s all gone, washing the taste of betrayal and his failure out of his mouth. Then the weight of that bite settles in his stomach. Shame and panic compete for dominance. He moves to get up. Han grabs him again. Ben is too thin, too weak, to win. He’s tugged back down to the table. Ben pinches the inside of his thigh to remind himself there’s a gap there, he isn’t too fat, is he? He can do this. Twelve laborious bites in, he abruptly brings his knees up his chest, wraps his arms around them, and goes completely silent. He cries, but he’s unaware of it. He imagines taking a lightsaber to his stomach to rip out all the food, all the fat waiting to happen, the rocks weighing him down so he’ll drown without ever reaching the Light. He imagines not being born with the Force and Han swinging him in his arms like Poe’s father did for him. He imagines dying in battle and never having to look at food again and everyone being so proud of him at long last they never mention moments like these where he let them down ever again. Mostly he imagines lying down and never waking up and never having to face tomorrow. Tomorrow comes and finds Ben passed out, sprawled out on the roof where the indents of his boots in the dust indicates he’s been doing laps for Force only knows how long. There’s a suspicious puddle of what’s probably vomit by the far corner of the roof, but crows, disgusting as they are, will eat it up. He knows his mother is having his trash monitored for food and vomit. He has learned to be excessively creative. Food can be hidden in many places – up sleeves, inside teapots he takes back and ‘cleans’, in pockets, all sorts of places. Opportunities present themselves like openings in a battle. Vomit is significantly trickier. Other than the time Finn tried to cook and everyone other than Rey got sick, there is no way to pass it off as accidental for Ben. He’s made a list of places in his mind now, though. The bushes at the door by the emergency exits, the bucket where the pilots funnel off excess grime from cleaning their ships, the corner of the roof where the birds congregate every morning en masse – he knows if he seeks them out there’ll be more places. The more his food intake is on everyone’s mind, the more he knows he’ll have to use these places instead of just not eating. When he gets up, he dusts off every inch of his clothes, glad he’s taken to wearing his hair in a dozen braids padawan-style so it stays clear of vomit, and stealthily makes his way back to his room. The key to fooling people is to project an air of authority. If anyone asks, which only one person does, he was trying to meditate on the sunrise and admittedly might have dozed off a bit. He gets to his room, cleans himself up, and puts on new clothes before breakfast is even being prepared. Exhausted, he sits down to read one of the dry Jedi history novels Luke has given him as some kind of attempt at a peace offering. A few pages in his throat bothers him, so he goes to get tea. No one suspects a thing. He is with the Light, he thinks, he can sustain himself on air, water and the Light alone, he is becoming better, remaking himself into a man that can truly be loved. His father pities him now, confuses pity for love, but soon, soon they’re all going to be so proud of him. He sips tea, he reads, he ignores the guilty way his stomach sounds when it gurgles. Jedi have to deny the flesh and they have to deny attachments. Old Jedi were taken from their parents at an early age. Perhaps that would have prevented yesterday, which was a mistake, a valuable lesson in just how much he has yet to let go of his own attachments to others. It hurts. He wants to be a part of his family. He needs to be a Jedi significantly more. He needs to be less, want less, hate less, until all there is to him is goodness and purity and Light, so as much as he doesn’t want to, he has to do this. These thoughts preoccupy him along with a continual fear his late night excursion will be discovered, his vomit exposed, an uproar caused. All day, he waits for someone to confront him. No one does, and he allows himself some relief in having found a new way to solve the puzzle that is his life. People leave. Han will leave. But his body is subject only to his willpower, and nothing else. His bones are permanent. This, he knows.