My name is Aiko Ren, an apprentice Knight of Ren, I am fifteen years old. I was five years old when Kylo Ren, our master, found me. There had been a huge battle between the first order and the resistance on my home planet of Mandalore. Everything was in some state of destruction and I was crying over the dead body of my mother when I saw him, my master, my big brother, Kylo Ren. I was scared at first of course. I, like all the other little children of Mandalore, had been told horror stories about the Empire and the First Order, but he was so nice, so caring. He took of his mask, smiled at me, and said: "You have no need to fear me little one. I did not come to harm, but to save. I did not do this, the terrorist group known as the the Resistance did this to you, to your family." After that he put his mask back on, picked me up, and carried me to his ship. I was first introduced to Lord Snoak then to the rest of the knights as Aiko Ren, the newest recruit. According to Lord Snoak I was strong in the force and it was up to Kylo to teach me. ~ Five Years Later: "Chinatsu! Incoming transmition for you from Poe!" "Poe, good to hear from you we were starting to get worried." I spoke quickly into the transmitter. "We have a problem. The First Order caught wind of our plan and showed up. I was captured but then I escaped with the help of a stormtrooper named Fin but we crashed on Jakku. I have lost track of Fin, BB8, and the map. I'm going to need some help." Poe explained to me. "I'll get Leia right away, stay on the line Poe." I said hurried. "I can't, a storm is about to come in and I need to find BB8. I'll radio in when I can." "Stay safe, Poe." "See you as soon as I can, Chia." Then the transmission ended. "Miss?" "I need to see the general," I jumped up and sprinted out of the room. Chapter 2 : Chapter 2 Summary: Things are not always as they appear... Notes: I do not own Star Wars "Aiko, come with me. Lord Snoak requires our presence." Kylo called from the doorway to my room. "Of course, Big Brother." I stand up and slip on my mask before following him out of the room. Out of all the knights Kylo is the only one who has ever seen my face and I his. "I don't know what Lord Snoak wants with you, but-" "Whatever itt is I shall succeed without fail. You did train me yourself, Lord Ren." I interupted as we came to the throne room. "I didn't relize he was back." "He's not." Was the last thing I heard Kylo said before the doors closed behind me. ~ "Slow down Chinatsu and start from the beginning." Leia said placing her hands on my shoulders. "Poe just called in from where he was stranded on Jakku. Evidently the First Order found and caught him but BB8 got away with the map. He wants to find BB8 but the whole system is still crawling with stormtroopers, and there is no doubt in my mind that they will be looking for him and the person who helped him escaped." I said still hurried but not as fast a before. "Alright we'll send a covert extraction team to Jakku and we'll listen to any chatter about BB8 through the radio. Don't worry Chinatsu I know how important they are to you. We'll find them." I knew she would do well on her promise, but there was still a foreboding sense of doom that I just couldn't shake. ~ "What did Lord Snoak wish to speak with you about Aiko?" Kylo asked me as I stepped out of the throne room. "Classified information." I muttered as I resituated my mask. I knew Kylo would take no offence to my tone and that I would tell him when we were once again in either mine or his quarters. "Of course." -time skip- "He wants you to do what?!" Kylo screamed, enraged. "He says it will prove my loyalty to him and our cause. Please, Kylo, let me do this, if not for him let me do it for you. So that I can move us forward and closer to our goal. Please." I begged grabbing his hand. He turned to look me in the eyes before he sighed. "Alright, but if you ever need help, with anything, please let me know, little sister."