Sunlight filtered through your blinds, soft and twinkling- slowly brightening your room and urging you towards consciousness. There was no alarm this morning, no need to go rushing off to work or class- for any of you. Without opening your eyes, you pressed back against Matt’s chest and in turn felt him curl tighter around you, his arms secured around your waist. Matt hummed pleasantly, nuzzling his nose against your neck. You tuck your arm tighter around Kylo’s broad chest and draw yourself closer to him, sandwiched between their two warm bodies. You cracked your eyes open to see Ben, the restless sleeper that he is, has managed to end up face-down diagonal on the mattress. His head was just below Kylo’s arm, which in turn has wound up laying over his youngest brother’s neck. Ben had one arm stretched out over Kylo’s abdomen- Ben’s fingers curled into the fabric of your sleep shirt. You smiled sleepily at the sight- that even while unconscious Ben was reaching out for you. You glanced up towards Kylo’s face- and were greeted by warm brown eyes peering back at you. You couldn’t help the way your lips automatically lifted into a smile- seeing Kylo’s normally guarded face so soft and gentle, his hair messy- it was too endearing. Ignoring Matt’s displeased mumbling, you lifted yourself enough to catch Kylo’s mouth in a chaste, simple kiss- just enough to feel the soft plushness of his lips. You dropped your head back onto his shoulder and let Matt resettle, this time his cheek pressed against your shoulder blade. “Merry Christmas,” you whispered to Kylo. “Merry Christmas,” Kylo whispered back, barely moving aside from tilting his head towards you and the lingering flicks of his eyes over your face. Behind you- Matt’s lips move against your back in a muffled, mangled, mess of words- which you could guess the meaning of. You laughed softly and twisted back towards him- but Matt did not meet you halfway. Instead his face only pressed against your neck again, kissing lazy and messily against your skin, the lips dragging along. He huffed, his hot breath rushing past your shoulder. His voice slurred and easy, “Who’s making coffee?” Notes: cue Folgers comercial My Writing Blog