Prologue He rests upon his throne. An ancient thing carved from cold hard stone. It was the seat of his forebearers, and despite the way it irritates his ancient joints, he sits with pride. He is more powerful than any emperor ever was; darker than any Sith, and more powerful than the wisest of the Jedi. But he is growing old, he has lived through many millennia, watching as the dark and the light warred around him. He has seen empires and republics alike rise and topple like towers of wooden building blocks, each one stacked by the fumbling hands of a child, each one built to fall. He clenches his hands, cracking his old knuckles, each one popping beneath his papery gray skin. He fears that he has waited too long, the force has grown weak in a way he has never felt before; it almost frightens him, almost . His master had told him once that the force is like the tide, waves upon a beach. When the water grows shallow, and it seems the ocean is retreating from you, run, the wrath of the sea itself will soon be on you. But Supreme Leader Snoke is not a fool, not like his master was. He knows better than to flee from the epitome of power, not when he holds the ability to harness it so readily. He can feel the wave rising in the distance, a tsunami of the force, the likes of which the galaxy has never seen before. For centuries he has waited. He adjusts his posture, sitting up fully, and waves his hand through the air, activating his hologram projector. Hundreds of lightyears away he flickers into existence in the sanctuary on board the finalizer. There his minion waits for him; the master of his knights. He stands, mighty and imposing, his muscular form outlined well by his dark armor. He does not bow. He had stopped doing that long before. He is Snoke’s dearest confidant, untoppled within his order for near two decades. “Nocturne Ren.” Snokes low, haunting voice echoes through the chamber. The walls seem to quiver at the sound. “Supreme Leader,” he nods his head respectfully, his dark hair falling in front of his eyes before he pushes it away. “What is your desire?” Snoke hums and taps his long, skeletal fingers against the stone of his throne thoughtfully; “Have you not felt it, my dear Nocturne? The way the force seems to be pulling away from us. Even now it slips through my fingers like sand. Does this not concern you?” “I thought not to bother you with it, master,” he says, “But if it is also affecting you, perhaps I should look into it?” He is hesitant, even the mighty and beloved Nocturne has felt the sting of his master’s rage. One misspoken word could lead to hours upon hours of torture. “Yes, my dearest knight, even I am feeling the repercussions of this shift in the force,” he grins, exposings two rows for graying pointed teeth, “But this is not a time for fear or mourning. No, this is a time for joyous celebration. There will soon be a great rebirth, and I believe it will come to fruition in ways beyond your imagining. There will be a child born soon, Nocturne, a child with gifts beyond even my own. That child is mine. They might as well be of my own blood. Find them, and bring them to me. I would hate for my beloved to grow up without their father.” -- Six years later. Jakku is a brutal place once the sun has set. Rey has learned this the hard way. More than once she has found herself so lost within the bowels of a star destroyer that she loses track of time, and when she emerges from the mouth of the metal beast she finds that the sun has set, and the cold has already begun to freeze any poor creature that has failed to find shelter. This is one of those days. She curses herself for not watching the shadows, the best sort of clock one can find on Jakku, and hefts her haul over her tiny shoulder. She is six. But she is strong. She has never shied away from the massive corpses of wars long past, the shells of the ships seeming to call her name. And she has never feared the darkness that lies within them. She tells herself that the darkness of night is the same, that it is no more dangerous than the most interior portion of a freighter; but there is something far more frightening about this lack of sunlight, and the coldness that comes with it. This darkness isn’t a decision she makes, not like when she chooses to enter the belly of a fallen ship. No, this darkness is inevitable, and inescapable. She cannot simply climb out of it when she grows weary or afraid, instead she is forced to wait until dawn comes and banishes the inky blackness from the sky. She grips her small load tightly and begins to trek through the ever shifting sands, east, back towards Niima outpost. The only light she has is that supplied by the two moons in the sky; they are small, and weak, but steadfast in their nightly trek across the arch of the sky. Rey doesn’t know their names, she isn’t even sure that they have names, but she likes them all the same. They are her friends, she thinks, her two companions in this freezing darkness. Sometimes she imagines that they are her parents watching over her from wherever they may be, they must be dead if they haven’t come for her by now, so they watch her from the heavens. She knows that so long as they are there, hanging above her in the sky, guarding her march back to Unkar Plutt, she will be safe. They won’t let any harm come to her. She speaks to them on some nights. But tonight she doesn’t. She doesn’t feel like talking, if she opens her mouth she’ll lose some of the precious little heat she has. She drops her bag and rubs her freezing palms against one another, desperate for any sort of friction; she can see the bonfires of Niima burning in the distance, and longs to take respite in the radius of their glow. She knows that she could be there far quicker if she were to abandon her spoils and run for the lights, but that would mean going to sleep with an empty belly. The cold could mean death, but so could hunger. The numbness in the tips of her fingers and toes wins over the rumbling of her aching belly and she drops her sack. The scraps clank against one another and roll out across the sand. The girl is gone before they stop moving, sprinting over the shifting terrain. The movement is enough to bring warmth back into her face, but she can’t repress the nagging fear at the back of her mind, fear that when she reaches the fires she might remove her boots to find blackened toes, too far gone to rub feeling back into. She's seen it happen before, a scavenger stays out too late trying to bring in a large haul, and on their return is so cold that their toes and fingers are frozen through. Usually the medicine woman has to cut them off; it's not long after that when the victim wanders off into the dunes and never returns. A scavenger cannot scavenge without a hand or foot. She practically dives for the radiance of the nearest bonfire as she breaks into the outskirts of Niima. Once she has settled into the sand and adequately warmed her hands, she tugs her worn boots off of her feet. She sighs with relief when she finds her toes are perfectly fine--though pale compared to the rest of her body--she wiggles each one to be sure, then pushes them towards the warmth. She sits, warming while she watches the flames jump and lick at the star speckled sky. She looks up into the cloudless night and then back down to her small calloused hands. She wishes they were wings so she could fly away. Not like the wings on the desert buzzards that are so common in the ruin of Jakku, their feathers torn and furrowed; she wishes she had wings like birds she has only seen holos of. Mighty things with wingspans that surpass her own height. If she had wings that large she would fly away and never look back. She would fly and fly until she reached the sun and then fly beyond that. She wouldn’t stop until she found her family, and if they turned out to be dead; she would fly back to her moons, reassured that they had been looking out for her. She closes her eyes and falls back into the sand, her arms spread out from her sides, and for a brief moment she pretends she is soaring, that the roar of the fire is the rush of wind past her ears, and the grit of the sand is the force of the air against her wings. “Rey!” A deep, guttural voice tugs her from her flight. She sits bolt upright and gulps when she sees Unkar Plutt approaching her. All of the others who had surrounded the bonfire have run off. “Rey! Why didn’t you come to see me sweet thing?” The bulbous creature comes to stand before her, he reaches out and tips her chin up with a single chubby finger. She shivers and eyes the Crolute warily, “I don’t have anything today, it was cold and I needed to get warm. I promise I’ll bring double tomorrow.” She offers. She can see the displeasure spreading across his hideous features as her words set in. “This isn’t the first time you’ve shirked your duties, girl ,” He spits, “I ought to beat you for your insolence! But I won’t, no. You’re of no use to me if you’re sniveling over a few bruises.” He waves her off, “Go, sleep. I want you up and scavenging at first light.” Chapter 2 : Chapter 1 Summary: Meet Ben Solo. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Two days previous Ben Solo had been sitting, staring out of his bedroom window into the jungles of Yavin 4. Now he is resting on an uncomfortable durasteel bunk tucked into the back of a First Order shuttle. He rubs at his hands absentmindedly, a near constant action since he had fled the academy. He can still feel the slickness and warmth of their blood on his hands, running between his pale fingers; his friends, his peers, all dead by his blade. “We’re taking a detour.” Nocturne Ren approaches him. The man is massive, and imposing; his armor is made of a thick black material that glints threateningly in the dim lighting of the shuttle. He has removed his mask, exposing his face. He has one long, thick, silvery scar that runs from the left corner of his mouth and up into his hairline, it splits his eyebrow in two. Ben just nods. He doesn’t think he can speak with this colossus of a man looming over him, and the reality of his crimes beginning to sink in, he can’t seem to find the words. He feels filthy, dirtied in a way he has never felt before. Not when his mother kissed him goodbye, not when his father left him standing on the Massassi temple steps, not even the first time the voices had whispered into his ear, egging him on as he tortured a small furry thing deep in the tangled jungle growth, far from his uncle’s judging eyes. He had been a coward about it in the end, like he always was; unable to face his uncle he had waited until Luke left for a brief visit with Leia. That night he had struck like a viper from the underbrush. He had started with the younger ones, hoping that by eliminating them first, he would be less inclined to back out. Once you have the blood of a child on your hands--soaking through your boots--nothing can stop you. It had worked. Not a single one of them had screamed as he made his way through their rooms, pressing his saber to their bellies and igniting it. A few of them coughed, one of them even clutched at his wrist; but they died quickly. He was shocked by how much blood such tiny things could bleed. By the time he had finished with them it seemed to flow like a river across the ancient stone floors. He could feel the other’s, padawans and knights alike, slowly rousing from their sleep at the strange sensation of so many tiny lights being snuffed out at once; all of them suddenly invisible against the force. He lifted his saber up an ignited it again; he felt nothing now, he was numb. Killing the rest of them was easy. Ben is jolted from his thoughts by the shuttle exiting hyperspace. He looks out his slanted window to see a orange, dusty planet hanging forebodingly against the icy blackness of space. He’s not familiar with this planet, and feels a wave of resentment rise up from his gut as they begin to descend over it. He had thought he was important, vital even, to the Supreme Leader’s cause. The voices, he now knows that they were Snoke all along, had told him so. And yet here they are, making a pitstop on some filthy backwater planet. “Why are we here?” He asks one of the troopers that has accompanied them. “Lord Nocturne has sensed something, sir.” Ben frowns at the vague explanation and stands from his seat. He shoves irritably past the trooper and into the cockpit of the cramped shuttle. Nocturne is standing behind the chair of the pilot. “Why are we here?” He asks. Nocturne doesn’t bother to look at him; “I have to pick something up. It shouldn’t take long.” Ben shifts uneasily. Nocturne unnerves him, his voice can only be called serpent-like; the way he extends his vowel sounds. He had hoped that the owner of the voices in his head--Snoke himself--would come to retrieve him from the temple; but instead he had been met with the masked figure of Nocturne. “Would you like to come with me, boy?” Nocturne inquires teasingly, “Consider it your first mission, your right of passage within The Order.” Ben wants to decline, but he has a nagging feeling deep in his gut that it wasn’t meant as a request. So he checks to make sure his lightsaber is secured to his belt and stretches out his cramped muscles. -- The planet is even more of a wasteland than it had looked to be from the stratosphere. Ben glances nervously around as they make their way through a crowd of ragged scavengers of all races and creeds; their faces quickly melt into a sea of muted grays and browns, each one of them an insignificant piece in some sort of monotonous painting; but each one of them is threatening in their own right. Ben can feel them sizing him up. He wishes for his Jedi robes back, their colors would have blended far better in such a dreary place compared the the charcoal black he adorns now. Their party is hardly inconspicuous, with Nocturne Ren in his heavy black mask--reminiscent of a serpent's head in it’s shape--and their detail of stormtroopers, it seems every beggar in Niima has come to watch them parade over the dusty ruts that serve as streets. They stop when the reach a large tent, it reminds Ben of the big-top’s he had seen the few times he was in large cities with his mother. Only they had held countless treasures and joys beneath their red and white stripes; this one is an off green color and filled holes. There are several stations set up beneath it where cretons scrub away at scrap metal over ancient, rusted, troughs of water. Towards the center of there stands a shack crafted poorly from large panes of scrap metal. There are scavengers lined up in front of it, and inside, behind a counter, there stands a crolute male. The thing spits and sputters as it talks to the scavenger boy at the front of the line. Ben doesn’t catch what it says, but he can see the disappointment pass over the poor boy’s face as he clutches a small packet to his chest and scampers off. Nocturne must’ve seen him looking, because he taps Ben's shoulder and explains; “Portions. These pathetic people use them like money. Think of it like a ration bar, only less nutritious.” Ben makes a face and the knight laughs, “My thoughts exactly, boy. But you should see how these paupers will fight over them, like wild dogs over a scrap of meat.” He motions for the troopers to disperse the crowd once they reach the counter. They draw their blasters and the line of hungry scavengers scatters with unnerving silence, almost like they’ve done it before. Ben steps up beside Nocturne and watches the exchange between the crolute and knight carefully. He’s eager to learn just how dark force users function, even on routine missions like this one. The crolute bows respectfully, and fearfully, “Lord Ren,” he gargles, “How may I be of assistance to you?” Ben has to fight to keep his lip from twitching in disgust at the sight of such a pathetic dribbling creature; for such a base thing to be in charge doesn’t speak kindly of the residents who live and work beneath him. “We’re looking for someone, Plutt. A child.” Nocturne taps his gloved fingers against the thin metal of the counter, leaning his weight into it and feigning disinterest. It seems to unnerve Plutt even more than before. “Respectfully sir, there are a lot of children around here. They’re good for picking through the smaller spaces.” Ben can see that the crolute is physically shaking as he explains. Nocturne laughs humorlessly, “Well that certainly doesn’t help me, does it Unkar? The child will be between five and seven years of age. I don’t know their sex but I can tell you one thing, they’re not a normal boy or girl. Think hard Plutt, are there any unusual little ones running about?” Unkar gulps, “I--sir I’ve no idea. They all seem the same to me, dirty and sniveling. But please, help yourself to them. Take whoever you want. I won’t miss them.” Ben scowls at that, the way Unkar refers to them like slaves, like he owns them. He’d thought that had been one of the benefits of The Order and it’s iron clad grip upon the galaxy; things like slavery and human trafficking would not go unpunished. But, then again, Jakku was under neither Resistance nor First Order control, it was a no man’s land, lawless and untamed. He makes a promise to himself in that moment that he will return to this force forsaken place someday and free every man, woman, and child caught in Plutt’s degrading cycle of hard labor and hunger. Nocturne chuckles and, with a flick of his wrist, sends Unkar tumbling into the rear wall of his shack. He lands with a yelp and a crash and Nocturne laughs. “Thank you Plutt,” he says, “We’ll certainly take you up on that offer.” He motions with his hand for the troopers to fan out, “You, search the area for any children aged between five and seven. Boy, you come with me.” He makes a come hither motion at Ben with his index finger. Ben frowns, but follows. -- They spend most of the day tearing each pathetic tent, shanty, and mud hut to shreds as they hunt for their target. With each child they find, question, and inevitably release, Nocturne seems to become more and more irate. His impatience seems to be growing to near dangerous levels by the time the sun had begun to set behind the rolling sand dunes. “The Supreme Leader is going to be pissed!” He hisses as he shoves yet another boy aside, “I could have sworn I felt it coming from here! The force, it was moving differently, more powerfully around me. Did you not feel it, boy? They way it shifted and quivered?” Ben keeps his mouth shut; he knows better than to incite any further rage from this man by telling him that; no, he hadn’t felt any change in the force as they passed by Jakku. And yes this seemed like a total waste of a day. “Excuse me,” a tiny voice pipes up from behind him; the politeness a pretense, apparently, as he finds himself being shouldered out of the way by a small girl. She’s peculiar looking, she’s absolutely miniscule, but somehow she manages to lug a massive sack of scrap over one shoulder. In her free hand she uses a rusted metal rod as a walking stick, helping to give herself some leverage against the weight of her haul. Her hair is tied back into three neat, tightly wound buns. She stops in front of Plutt’s shanty and unties her roughspun sack, one by one placing each rusted piece onto the counter. “Is this enough to make up for yesterday?” She asks of Plutt. She sounds afraid, and Ben suddenly wants nothing more than to make the filthy crolute suffer for inflicting such intense emotions upon a child. Nocturne holds up a hand in front of Ben’s face, blocking his view of the girl; “Stop it with the self-righteous rhetoric for a moment,” Ben recoils, realizing that the knight had been in his head without his knowledge, “Do you feel that? That hum in the force? This is our girl.” Now that the other man has mentioned it, Ben does feel something , though he isn’t sure if ‘hum’ is the correct descriptor. The force does seem to have shifted now that the girl is present. Ben swears he can feel it more wholly than before, like he had just popped his ears after flying at high altitude, and suddenly his hearing was all the more clear. He hadn’t realized what he was missing. Before Ben can comment on the odd sensation Nocturne has already left his side and approached the girl. The massive knight takes a knee beside her and says, “Hello.” The girl scowls at him, then glances between him and Ben, then to the half dozen stormtroopers behind them. She turns, leaving her haul and the rest of them behind without a word; clearly not wanting whatever they might be offering. Ben wants to laugh at her brashness. Few would be so brave, or foolish, as to turn their back on a Knight of Ren. “Stop.” Nocturne reaches out and grasps her tiny arm in one large hand. “Let go of me!” She yelps, and begins to kick and slap at him. “Stop!” He says more forcefully this time, and Ben can hear all of the suggestion and persuasion he puts behind the word. The girl stops, unable to move, and watches the knight with wide brown eyes. Nocturne raises a hand in front of her tiny face and hums to himself. “What is it that--aha! I see now!” He drops his hand and the girl collapses into the dust, gasping for breath and clutching at her head as if she’d been punched. “You, Rey, you want your family, no?” The girl only whimpers in response and Ben struggles to keep himself from rushing to her side and aiding her back to her feet. “What if I told you that I know your family, your father in particular, and I could take you to him?” Nocturne’s voice is giddy, almost childish in tone, “What would you say to that?” The girl, Rey, squirms and huffs in the sand for another moment before she manages to push herself up onto her hands. She spits out a mouthful of grit and looks up at the knight, her eyes are wide and glossy with tears. “What?” “I know your father.” Nocturne stands and then offers his hand to the girl, “I can take you to him. He’s been looking for you for so long sweet thing. He wants nothing more than to see his daughter again.” The girl hesitates before she takes his hand. He helps her to her feet and she gazes up at him, her pain forgotten. She sizes him up for a moment, then says cautiously, but still filled with hope, “But, he said he’d come back for me himself, why’d he send you?” Nocturne doesn’t falter once in his charade, “He’s a very powerful man, Rey. He can’t simply go galavanting around the galaxy as he pleases. You do understand, don’t you? You wouldn’t want your daddy to be hurt now, would you?” He grabs her chin between his thumb and forefinger, tilting her head up so her eyes level with his visor; like a patron examining a piece of merchandise. She pulls away and shakes her head, “No! No, I don’t want him to get hurt.” She looks back to the party of stormtroopers again and gulps, “W-where is he? What is he like? What’s his name?” “Now, now,” Nocturne chuckles and places a reassuring hand on her back, “Not so many questions at once. We’ll talk once we’re on board the ship, far away from prying eyes and curious ears. You’ll come with me, won’t you?” Rey pauses for a heartbeat and suddenly her eyes fall onto Ben. For a moment, the briefest of moments, everything is still, and it seems as though the child is looking to him, him --a boy barely free from childhood himself--for some sort of reassurance, some sort of confirmation that everything will be okay. Ben nods at her, and gives a weak smile. She goes with them without further complaint. Notes: Please comment/kudos. They really do inspire me to write more and more quickly, and I respond to every comment. :) Yavin 4 Massassi Temple Chapter 3 : Chapter 2 Summary: Meet Snoke-daddy Notes: A Christmas Eve update for you! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) These people make her anxious; men in heavy white armor with large helmets; they stand still and won’t speak to her no matter what she does. They hold blasters across their alabaster chests and stare straight forward; at least she thinks they are, she can’t see their eyes. And then there's the one who spoke to her, the one with the snake mask. That's the only thing she can compare it to-- his headwear--the desert rattlers that had made their home in the sand dunes outside of Niima. They moved like sand caught in the wind, and their color just so that if the sunlight caught it right you wouldn’t know on was in front of you. That was why Rey had always kept a stick or metal rod with her, to prod the sand in front of her and scare out any snakes before she took a step. She’d seen grown men drop in minutes after being bitten, the venom spread so fast there was nothing the healers could do. First the area around the bite would swell up, rising well above the rest of their flesh; the veins around it would turn blackish in color as the victim’s panic propelled the burning fluid through their body. Then they would seize up and writhe in the sand, their mouth would foam, sometimes they would vomit. Rey had never seen it go beyond that point, she would either turn away before she saw it progress further, or someone would take pity on the poor soul and shoot them in the head. Needless to say, these memories foster a certain level of distrust for this snake man, an uneasiness that settles deep in her chest and won’t dislodge. Then there’s the other one, the boy. He’s not really a boy, she knows that, but caught somewhere in between boy and manhood. His limbs are long and gangly, and there is an odd spattering of moles and freckles across his features. His beauty marks along with his full mouth and ordinary body weight hint at a life of semi-luxury, one free of full body sun burns and frequent hungry nights. She’s even more hesitant of him than the snake-man, because she can tell that the snake-man has seen hardship; just like she has. He favors his left leg slightly, and when he’d taken off his mask she’d seen the scar that marred his face. The boy-man on the other hand seems almost indignant; he doesn’t speak to anyone, he seems angry for no reason; she doesn’t like him much. The only time he has acknowledged her was on Jakku, before she had agreed to go with them, he’d nodded at her when she’d hesitated. She doesn’t know what to make of him, so she avoids him. After several hours something changes in the mannerisms of everyone inside the shuttle; excepting she and the boy-man. The troopers become more tense, their grips tightening on their blasters. The snake-man seems to become uneasy, he sits ramrod straight in the copilot's chair and clenches his fists against his armored thighs. Even the droids seem to sense it, they scuttle more quickly across the floors, their beeps and whirs muted against the sudden silence of the ship. Suddenly the lights inside of the shuttle flicker out, and heavy metal panels descend from above the windows; locking into place and covering them entirely. Rey gasps and reaches blindly out for something to steady her, to assure her that she is not dead or dying. She catches someone’s arm, and they don’t protest. It’s the boy-man, she realizes from the sound of his breathing. He’s frightened too, she can feel the stiffness of his muscles that comes with fear. She’d seen and felt it many times on Jakku; the feeling of being stalked by a large desert predator. And that is what it’s like. She swears she can feel the slitted eyes of a jackal upon her as she stalks her way back to Niima. They weigh heavily upon her back, her delicate throat, her shaking hands, as she stumbles over the dunes. Only on Jakku she had had the moons to go by. Their brightness had always shielded her from the worst of the nighttime beasts. But here, in the cold darkness of space, she has nothing. There is no moon to guide her, to bathe her in it’s silvery light and reassure her that she is safe and loved. The shuttle jerks suddenly, and it would have sent her careening out of her seat if it weren’t for the hand of the boy-man on her shoulder, clutching her into his side. “What’s happening?” She whimpers into the fabric of his robes as the shuttle jerks again. “Don’t fear child,” a voice pipes up from her other side. The snake-man. She can hear the smirk in his serpentine voice, “This is simply how the Master assures his safety. If we knew where he was someone could betray him so easily. He does this to keep himself, and by extension all of us, safe. Not even the pilots know where we are now. The Supreme Leader, your father, uses the force to guide our craft to his location. Our fate is in his hands now more than ever, sweet little thing.” She feels the boy-man beside her relax a little at the revelation. He lets his hand fall from her shoulder. She wishes he would put it back, she feels even less safe with the snake-man so nearby. “That’s...smart.” The boy-man says. His voice is low, and almost soothing, the way he cuts off his consonant sounds is a bit blunt. The snake-man laughs from deep in his chest. Rey can feel every single person on board the craft shudder at the resounding, almost musical sound. “Of course it is, boy. I hope you wouldn’t expect any less of the Supreme Leader.” The boy-man remains silent. Rey can feel his disease replenish at the other man’s words. He is just as uncertain and afraid as she is. He is new to this all, just like she is. And suddenly she is less wary of him and his gangliness. Perhaps, she thinks, she could find an ally in him, a kindred spirit on whom she can rely. When she feels the shuttle begin to descend she relaxes back against to cold metal wall. -- The landing is so smooth it barely registers in her overstimulated mind. It would be late now on Jakku, the moons sitting high in the dark desert sky, and so she feels the natural exhaustion of her day begin to take hold of her. But she forces herself to stay awake as they wind through ancient stone hallways, carved with mysterious symbols. She knows to fall asleep in a place like this would be to fall asleep in a den of vipers. They hadn’t been given the luxury of seeing the outside when the windows of their shuttle finally opened. They had landed in a massive hangar, equipped with state of the art equipment with which to perform maintenance on their ship. The pilot and troopers had stayed behind as the snake-man corralled she and the boy-man and ushered them through a set of heavy stone doors that opened with a wave of his insidious hand. “This is the sanctuary of the Supreme Leader,” the snake-man says as he leads them through the corridors to some hidden, nefarious destination, “When we reach his chamber approach his dais and bow to show your respect, only then will he speak to you. This is an honor, to meet the Supreme Leader in person, you shall treat it as such or face unimaginable consequences. Do you understand?” He relays all of this information without so much as looking at them as he strides across the ancient marble floors. “Yes.” She and the boy-man say at the same time. “Good.” He says, and they stop at what appears to be the end of a hallway. There is no door, no crack in the stone surface of the wall. And Rey wonders for a brief moment if all of this has been a ruse, if this man is crazy and he intends to slaughter them here, deep beneath the ground, so far from her moons. But he waves his hand and the stone wall slowly but steadily slides out of their way, opening into a massive, cavernous chamber. It appears to be natural, if the many stalactites and stalagmites are an indication. It reaches it’s apex in a natural arch some fifty feet above their heads. At the far end of it sits the only unnatural structure in the room; a large throne. It isn’t carved smooth and chiseled with simple geometric designs like the hallways had been. Rather is it ragged, like it had been cobbled together from the many stone spikes that surround it. It is large, large enough that it isn’t dwarfed by the cavern around it, and upon it’s seat there rests a cloaked figure. It doesn’t move, it doesn’t even seem to breathe. The snake-man puts a hand on each of their backs and shoves them forward. Rey is so small, and his push so forceful that she nearly faceplants into the rocky floor. But something catches her on the way down, halting her fall mere millimeters from the ground. Whatever it is that has caught her lifts her gently back onto her feet. She stands stock still, the boy-man watching her with wide eyes as she looks down at her tiny calloused hands to find them shaking. She turns on her heel when she hears a choking noise behind her. There the snake-man stands clutching at his throat, gasping for air. “You, Nocturne Ren, have only been in my presence for a matter of seconds, and already you have offended me.” The dark figure rises off of the throne and begins a slow foreboding walk towards them. The boy-man falls to his knees and bows, groveling before the skeletal thing. He looks to Rey, begging with his eyes for her to do the same, but she doesn’t. She feels compelled not to; like this creature is whispering into her ear, telling her that she is not like these other two. That she is special. That she will not bow, will never grovel before anyone. Not even the epitome of power. Nocturne is suddenly lifted off of his feet and thrown backwards into the place where the door had been. He grunts as he slams into the wall. “Wait there, Nocturne Ren, while I converse with our newest recruits. Think about how you touch that which is not yours.” The figure turns its attention from the gasping knight to the two young ones standing before it. Rey looks straight into the darkness that encompasses its face, right where it’s eyes would be if it weren’t for the shadow cast by its hood. She smiles. She isn’t afraid like the boy-man is. “You’re my father.” She says simply. The creature nods, but doesn’t address her beyond that. It looks to the boy-man and motions for him to stand. “Rise, boy. Step forth and receive my blessing.” He does what he is told standing up slowly and stepping forward toward the thing, he shakes the whole way. It raises single bony hand and places the heel of it against the boy-man’s forehead, letting it’s fingers tangle into his ebony locks. He opens his mouth in a silent scream at whatever the creature is doing to him, his fingers curl like claws and a low gurgling sound emits from his throat. His nose starts to bleed. “Ah…” Her father nods his head in understanding, “Yes. I see much more clearly now what it is you feel, boy. The light within you had been muffling our conversations, everything makes sense now. The light will no longer stand between us.” He pushes the heel of his hand out and the boy falls backward collapsing onto the floor and gasping for breath. More than just his nose bleeds now, bright red blood streams from his mouth, the corners of his eyes. He swipes at it wildly. “You are to be reborn this day into your truest, most pure form. From henceforth you shall be named Kylo Ren, of the Knights of Ren. The right hand of this First Order and the honor guard of myself and my beloved daughter. Know, Kylo, that even though you have only just received this name, it is who you have always been. This is the destiny that the force intended for you, and now you must seize it. Rise, and tell me that you understand by words, Kylo Ren.” Kylo pushes himself onto his feet, his knees shaking with the effort. He bends at the waist, bowing his head in respect to the Supreme Leader. “I understand, Master.” The Supreme Leader, her father, exhales and nods to Kylo, “Good. Now go and wait with Nocturne Ren. I must speak with my dearest child.” Kylo nods and steps away without a word, going to his new brother. Her father looks down at her and pushes his hood away from his face. He is ancient and scarred. He is missing one ear entirely and his face is misshapen. He smiles a gray toothed smile at her, “My long lost daughter finally returned to my side. You were right not to bow, little one. You are above all others in your relationship to me.” “You’re my father.” She says again. Perhaps the moons had been just that, moons. Icy rocks and nothing more. “Yes, sweet thing. I am.” He offers a hand to her, and she takes it without hesitating. She has waited so long for this day, this reunification with her family. He leads her to his throne and then lifts her up with ease, his thin hands fitting under her armpits. He sets her down upon its craggy surface. She looks out and over the cavern, she can see Nocturne and Kylo from this vantage point. The former is back on his feet, watching them with a hawks eyes. The latter seems completely unconcerned with them, his back is to them. He is studying the wall. “My child,” her father’s deep rough voice draws her attention back to his deformed face, “This is the seat of emperors and empresses, kings and queens, conquers and warlords; and it is yours all the same. Know that even though I must send you away--to protect you and our bloodline--that I am always with you, in your head,” he taps her forehead gently, “And in the force. You are a queen, a conqueress. You are as unstoppable and inevitable as the tide itself. You are all the darkness of the universe wrapped up into the tiniest of packages. Never forget this, my sweet little Rey. And you shall never go hungry again.” The thought of never facing starvation again, never knowing the pain of her belly eating her alive, the cold never biting through her thin form and straight into her bones, is almost too much to imagine. It is all she has ever known, and yet here her father is, returned from the grave to grant her eternal respite from such terrors. She looks out over the throne room again and imagines the entire galaxy is there, spread out over the cold, dusty floors bowing under her watchful gaze. “I won’t forget,” she says, and looks up into his icy eyes, “I’ll never forget, father. I promise.” Notes: Thanks so much for reading. This fic is only going to get darker and darker from here. ;) Please leave kudos/comments they make me smile. Chapter 4 : Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It's been a year since his first meeting with Snoke, and Kylo still wakes some nights choking on imagined blood and swiping at his eyes, desperate to clear them of salt and rust. He’s seventeen now, nearly a man; men don't have nightmares. Men don't wake choking on their own sobs as the dying breaths of children resound in their ears. Men don’t kill children, creatures do. Kylo shakes his head, banishing the nagging voice from his thoughts. He is laying on his bunk in the small quarters he has been allotted; each Knight has their own, all of them are identical. A single bed with black linens, one dresser with a mirror above it, and an attached bathroom furnished with white linoleum and porcelain. No personal touches are allowed beyond the individual weapon each knight owns. It is meant to foster a sense of unity among the nights, this monotonous uniformness. It doesn’t work; partially because Nocturne Ren--the master of the knights--is exempt from all of the regulations he has arbitrarily set, and partially because of the simple character flaws in each Knight. Julan Ren is too quiet, Habeas Ren too brash, Cassius Ren too loud, and so on. But Kylo has always felt different in this regard, his hubris isn’t something so small, something so petty as noise level. He is prone to the light. He hates himself for it, for the tiny spark within his chest that simply refuses to be extinguished. No matter how hard he may try he always feels too strongly for things he shouldn’t even notice. Empathy for a crying child, sadness for a razed village, guilt for a temple burned; all of these things he feels deeply and wholly. And he is ashamed. He knows the others can sense his weakness, his brothers in arms, Nocturne, and worst of all, the Supreme Leader. He hasn’t spoken directly to his Master since that fated day a year ago, and yet he can feel the man’s ancient, scornful eyes upon him, tearing through his skin and into his soul. He feels ravaged, violated, and above all else shameful. He has taken up station on the Finalizer for the foreseeable future; he's still in the early stages of his training, much like the other knights on the ship, except for Nocturne. Nocturne is serving as the guard for the Supreme Leader’s daughter, as well as the Master of Ren. It's an interesting dichotomy, a seven year old girl putzing about the training rooms of the deadliest force in the galaxy. She trains too, though not yet with anything beyond marbles and levitation. Nocturne guides her with a surprising amount of patience and tact. Kylo wonders if it isn't because of Snoke's warning in the throne room the year before. He hasn't spoken to her, not once. The tiny thing unnerves him. Ever since her training had begun she has grown more and more pronounced in the force. He can feel her anywhere he goes on the ship now. She stands out like a beacon of light in the darkness. She is a wellspring in and of herself, and she's only just begun to grow into her potential. He's jealous of her, her power, her influence over Nocturne, Snoke's affection towards her. He had thought that he was special, something that Snoke sought after, an asset to The Order. But now he knows he was wrong. He’s just another pawn, like all of the other knights are. A glorified dog held on a short, straining leash. He rises reluctantly as his alarm begins to ring, slipping off his scratchy, thin blanket and stretching out his sore muscles. Training hasn’t been easy; he leaves the mats everyday with new aches and scars. He looks into the small mirror of his attached bathroom as his shower begins to heat up--a good muscle relaxant. He can see the new ones, scars far deeper and more gruesome than any he had acquired at the Massassi temple. They criss cross his chest and arms, varying from silvery in color to deep reds and purples. He runs his fingers over them tentatively. Part of him hates them, wants to banish them from his skin and their makers from his past; wants to go back to before his act of betrayal and undo it all, beg Luke for help and stay in the light. But that part is small, mewling and pathetic. He knows that these brands upon his skin mark him as a warrior, a soldier, a wraith of death and destruction. He should brandish them with pride. After his shower he dresses himself in his dark tunic and pants and makes his way down to the training rooms. They’re windowless, and constructed from stainless steel. Kylo has always been impressed by the level of upkeep; he’ll leave a room one day, the walls splattered with fresh, crimson blood, and the next he returns to find his reflection staring back at him. He pities the poor soul left to clean up their messes. Habeas and Julan Ren are already circling each other in the center of the floor. The mats have been pushed up against the walls and each man--boy really--holds a durasteel practice blade in his hand. Nocturne stands to the side, watching like a hawk; occasionally calling out critique about their forms. Sitting with her legs crossed on the floor beside him is Rey. She’s pretending to be reading from a heavy tome laid out across her legs, but Kylo can tell from just a glance that the girl is far more interested in the combat training happening in front of her than in her studies. Suddenly he’s back at the temple, watching his uncle attempt to teach a history lesson to a group of rowdy younglings. It doesn’t help that their are two Jedi Knights sparring only a few yards away. Every whirring clash of the plasma blades sends a wave of awe through the little ones. Ben smirks as he watches them, he’s perched high in a tree, isolating himself from his peers. He can feel the familiar weight of his saber at his hip, and the warmth of his Jedi robes hanging loose around his body. Listening to the voices whisper in his ears. Eventually his uncle shoos the Knights off, catching on to their games. The children all sigh in disappointment and return to feigning attention. Then he’s snapped back into the present, he’s Kylo again. He can feel his dark clothing chafing at his skin and his practice saber heavy at his side. They had confiscated his own when he had first arrived on board the Finalizer. Green blades are not befitting of dark and twisted things. He looks up to find the girl is staring directly at him. The sparring continues and Nocturne Ren doesn’t seem to notice; but between he and the child, time seems to have stopped. She knows. Somehow she knows what he has just experienced. He has to bite his tongue to keep from shouting at her, yelling at her too look away and mind her own kriffing business. “Kylo!” Their staring match is interrupted by Nocturne finally taking notice of his presence. “Jump in there, see if you can take this fool down!” He commands. Habeas is slumped on the floor beside Nocturne, defeated by Julan who is now pacing back and forth, eyeing Kylo like a lion does a bushbuck. Kylo unclips his own saber and readies himself, falling into Soresu, form three. He knows Julan Ren, the man is violent and lashes out without form or thought, relying on brute strength and aggression to win his battles. All Kylo has to do is defend and allow the knight to tire himself. He tries not to think about how Obi Wan Kenobi favored this form as he parries and shifts his weight from foot to foot, easily blocking each poorly placed strike and slash. To think of such things could easily send him spiraling into despair and hopelessness, so he clears his mind and focuses on his breathing. Julan tires quickly, having already expended much of his energy, not to mention the boy is terrible with his forms. He retains very little balance and his shifts are clumsy. Once Kylo sees a crack in the man’s defence he takes action. He slides easily into form four and begins to strike wildly at Julan. He moves like water through the knights fingers, easily avoiding each hack and slash with grace and tact, all the while landing strike after brutal strike in each place Julan has failed to defend properly. Kylo’s opponent hits the ground quickly after that, growling as Kylo presses the blunted edge of his practice blade against the delicate skin of his jugular. The bloodied sharp edge glistens in the fluorescent lighting of the room. “Give up?” Kylo breathes, smiling at the man beneath him. “Not fair!” Julian cried out, wrapping his hand around the practice saber's blade and shoving it away from him. It slices his palm open, and Kylo stumbles with the sudden force of it but remains on his feet. “You used the force! I felt it. You tripped me you bastard!” Kylo reels at the accusation, wishing he had an actual saber to thumb to life, “What? I did not you lying piece of--” “Silence!” Nocturne calls out as he slides from his place leaning against the wall. Rey is watching like a cornered animal, her tiny form tensed, ready to flee the moment a real fight breaks out. The man comes to stand before Julan, then raises his hand in front of himself. He grins as the boy is lifted from the floor. Julan struggles futilely, gasping as the air is forced from his lungs. “You’re a fool, Julan, for thinking any rules apply.” Nocturne chuckles and squeezes his fist a bit, the suspended boy sputters and gasps, “the only rules that apply in battle are those you impose upon yourself. Kylo simply took an opportunity that he saw, one that you foolishly gave him.” He launches Julan backwards and then releases him, letting him sink to the floor sputtering and gasping. He clutches at his throat with his bloodied hand, the one that had gripped Kylo’s blade. Habeas rushes to his friends side and reaches for him. Julan swats him away, “Get away from me you idiot!” He seethes and rises to him feet, wiping his bloody palm on his pants and hissing. “Go clean yourself up boy.” Nocturne growls and waves the two boys off. Eyeing them as Julan stalks out of the room with Habeas slinking after him. “Rey,” Nocturne scolds, “you shouldn't interfere with combat training.” “Sorry.” her voice is tiny, Kylo barely hears it over the buzz of the lights above them. “Kylo easily could have won without your interference. He’s by far my most promising apprentice.” Nocturne looks to Kylo and nods at him, “You did well. Your transition between Soresu and Ataru was seamless; you are far ahead of the others. But…” a shadow falls over the Knight’s scarred face, he smirks and eyes Kylo menacingly, “You have had more training than the others. Considering your… origins .” Kylo grimaces at the remark, and curses himself for not better hiding his tendencies towards the light. Nocturne continues, “I’ve recently spoken to the Supreme Leader, and he believes that you are nearly ready to craft your own lightsaber.” I already had one. Kylo wants to say, but he refrains. Rather he decides to take this development as a positive sign. Perhaps this means the Supreme Leader can see the light waning from him. That he has earned this right before the other apprentices, who had been here before him, is an honor in and of itself. “When can I have a lightsaber?” A tiny voice pipes up from behind Nocturne. Rey has closed the massive tome in her lap and is looking up to the man with wide curious eyes. "I want a blue one." She says and points to the cover of the book, gilded there in gold and cerulean is the image of a Jedi in from three. He is poised and concentrated; the very picture of regality. It’s only the second time Kylo has seen her truly act her age--the first having been her fear on the shuttle nearly a year before. More often than not she has her nose buried in the pages of an ancient text, or is lost deep in concentration as she attempts to manipulate the force around her. It’s odd to be reminded that such a prodigy is just a child; something that needs care and attention and love . And though his childhood had been lacking in some respects he had never gone without, not like this girl surely is. “It will be red, and I promise you, your time will come, sweet thing ,” Nocturne smiles at her. She looks away from him, eyeing the floor anxiously. She clearly doesn’t appreciate the endearment. “Kylo,” he turns his attention back to his apprentice, “I know it’s only been half an hour, but I think I will call off training for the remainder of the day. Go rest your body, meditate upon all that you have learned. I must have a word in private with our little princess here about appropriate use of the force.” Kylo nods and leaves without another glance at the girl. He knows what he will find if he looks at her, an expression of feigned boredom etched over her features, when, in actuality she is cowering with fear internally. Notes: Rest in peace Princess. We'll miss you. Chapter 5 : Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo wakes the next morning to the sound of his alarm. He grunts and rolls out of bed, beginning his usual morning routine; wake, stare in the mirror, shower, clothe. Today is the day, the day he chooses his crystal and begins to construct his own saber. He tries not to think about how he has done this before, how he had traveled to the icy planet of Ilum and searched deep within its crystalline caverns. He tries not to think about how deeply he had felt the pull of his crystal, how once he had finished chiseling it from the wall of ice it had glowed green in the palm of his tiny hand. He tries not to think about how easily he handed his saber over, how he let them take it from him, how it’s gone now. Kylo arrives in the training rooms to find that Nocturne has laid out a dozen crystals across the black mats that line the floor. They vary from the size of his index finger to the size of his hand. He eyes them warily, something about them feels off . He isn’t sure why, or how, but he could swear that these crystals were tainted. Nocturne smiles at him, “Hello, Kylo. Are you ready? This is a momentous occasion.” Kylo nods and smiles as convincingly as he can; Rey is also here, he catches sight of her out of the corner of his eye. She’s hidden herself away behind some weapon racks, but he can feel her doe eyes on him nonetheless. “Good,” His serpents eyes flash with genuine pleasure at Kylo’s apparent willingness, “Step forward and feel them through the force. You’ll know which one is meant for you.” He does as he is bid, stepping forward and raising his hand towards the crystals. They feel similar to the ones he had felt on Ilum; alive, breathing with the force, but something is horribly off. They feel afraid . If they were truly sentient things Kylo thinks they would be shivering, for their fear is so overwhelming. None of them call out to him like Nocturne had said they would, rather they seem to cower away from him like they are trying to hide themselves. So he fakes it, jerking his arm slightly towards one, pretending that he had felt some sort of tug from it. He kneels in front of it and lifts it up in a gloved hand. It’s about half the width of his palm, and relatively smooth compared to it brothers. Whoever had carved this stone from the cave wall had been especially careful, there are no stray chisel marks. “Is this your crystal, Kylo?” Nocturne inquires, his voice is low and pleased. “Yes.” Klyo lies, working hard to keep his voice from quavering. “Then remove your glove, touch it with your bare skin, and make it yours .” He sets the crystal on the floor and tugs his glove off, placing it beside him. He lifts the crystal in his bare hand and waits with bated breath for its reaction to him. In a different life he might have smiled at its sudden relief in response to his touch, he might have taken that as a compliment to his character, that a piece of the force would take solace in his presence. But now, in this lifetime, it sends a wave of terror crashing over his body. He stops breathing when the stone shifts colors, and instead of the deep crimson he had hoped for, that was expected of him, the crystal shifts to a soft lilac. He drops it and it falls into the split between two mats, slamming into the hard floor. It shatters into multiple pieces. He can feel the sudden tension roiling off of Nocturne beside him, and Rey hidden away behind the weapons. Nocturne draws in a deep breath before he commands softly, deadly, “Kylo, come with me. Rey stay here, wait for me to return. Do not leave this room.” He lifts the largest chunk of the crystal up, clenching it in his fist, and jerks his head at Kylo, commanding him to exit the room first. On his way out Kylo casts a glance back towards the weapon racks again, only to find that Rey is no longer there. Nocturne doesn’t seem to notice. -- Rey shimmies her way up into one of the ventilation shafts before Nocturne and Kylo have even left the room. She has been taking to them every night since she arrived on this infernal ship; they’re her only escape from Nocturne’s ever present glare. She has most of them memorized by now, and she knows exactly where the two Knights are going; to see Snoke, her father--his hologram really-- in his cistern. She stays as near to their force signatures as she can while she works her way through the narrow metal ducts. She wants to see what will happen, why Nocturne had suddenly grown so angry at the sight of a purple crystal. She wants hers to be blue, but Nocturne said it would be red; she wonders if that’s why her bodyguard is upset, because the crystal hadn’t turned red. Surely her father wouldn’t be so petty. As they near the cistern she can feel the fear and shame coming off of Kylo in sheets. She wonders why. He hasn’t done anything wrong, all he did was touch a rock. It was the rock that chose to turn purple in his hand. When they reach the cistern she peers down through the single output vent that feeds into the room, looking out from the western wall. She can see that her father is already present and waiting in hologram form; Nocturne must have called to him through the force, she can’t wait to learn to do that, talk to others without using her voice, she won't be so alone then. Both Knights bow immediately after they come into view; Nocturne takes to one knee, while Kylo falls, shaking, onto both of his. “Rise, Nocturne, and tell me why it is you have asked me here?” Her father’s voice sounds a bit more muted in holo form. In his actual throne room his voice seemed to carry on forever, deep and powerful; here she strains to catch his words. Nocturne stands and drops the broken piece of crystal at the foot of the dais. It seems to glow even more brilliantly in the darkness of the chamber. “Our little Knight is still very much a creature of the light, it would seem.” Nocturne seethes an glances back over his shoulder at the boy cowering on the floor. Rey bites her cheek to keep from crying out when the walls begin to shift; her father’s anger is palpable. The steel of the ventilation duct squeals around her. She can see that his hands have clenched on the arms of his jagged throne, and his lip has curled back exposing his gnarled teeth in a predatory snarl. “What is this, Kylo Ren?” He demands. “I--perhaps the crystal was--” “Silence!” Her father slams his fist against his throne thousands of light years away, and the whole of the Finalizer shifts with the force of it, “No excuses you insolent little boy!” “I--I’m sorry, Master.” Kyo presses his forehead to the floor, “I had thought that the light was dying in me, I had thought--” Snoke raises his open palm into the air and Kylo is lifted violently from the floor, “Well you thought wrong,” he squeezes and Rey can hear Kylo choking as he clutches at his throat. He thinks for a moment, then drops the boy abruptly. “Kneel.” He commands. Kylo does as he is bid, still gasping for air as he falls to his knees before the holo-throne. Snoke raises a single, long bony hand and rests it against the boy’s forehead. Despite the fact that it is only a hologram Rey swears she can see Kylo’s dark hair shift at the touch. “Know, my boy,” Snoke says, his voice filled with disappointment and sadness, almost fatherly in tone, “That I do this because I love you.” Something shifts. Kylo screams and Rey starts to cry. -- He’s never felt a pain quite like this before, the feeling of having his brain picked apart piece by piece; each painful memory examined with clinical efficiency before it is shoved haphazardly back into him, tainted and bleeding. Each one is played for him like a holo-vid in his mind; his first memories of Chewie and his Father on the Falcon --only now it’s not his uncle and father, but two foolish creatures, pathetic and deserving of death for their crimes against the empire. His mother taking her with him into meetings as they begin the reformation of the Republic, each corrupt senator's smile, each politician’s backwards thoughts and words make him feel physically ill. Luke hugging him as he enters the Massassi temple for the first time, his beard is too rough, his eyes make Ben-- Kylo --uneasy. His green lightsaber poorly constructed . Luke ruffling his hair, but thinking all the while of what a failure his nephew is. The voices beginning to take root in his head, they are his only friends, they love him like his family could not. Then the slaughter at the temple, the rivers of blood, the desperate cries of the Padawans, the shocked expressions of the Knights, the soft dying breaths of the younglings. Where there had once been shame there is suddenly pride and joy at his rebirth. He will be loved now, by the only one capable of loving him. Snoke will take care of him, ensure that he rises to his true purpose, ensure that his grandfather’s legacy lives on through him. In this moment Kylo Ren is truly born. -- Rey scampers back to the training room once Nocturne departs with an unconscious Kylo thrown over his broad shoulders. He’ll be returning for her soon. When she reaches the room she carefully pushed the vent grate back into place and rushes over to the shattered remains of Kylo’s crystal. She picks up a shard and shoves it into her boot. She wants to keep such a precious rare thing. She’s certain that this is the last time she’ll see any color but red. A week later, in the same training room, Kylo chooses another crystal; this one is large and cracked, a broken hulking thing. It doesn't cower like the others had, it practically leaps into his waiting palm. It glows a deep crimson in his bare hand. That is the first night that the voices in the force truly speak to her, their syntax is odd, jumping from reversed to normal; sometimes they communicate with feelings rather than words--but they are always there, like her moons had been before. Notes: The death of Ben Solo :( Happy New Year everyone! Kyber Crystal Ilum Chapter 6 : Chapter 5 Notes: Major Trigger warning for attempted rape/pedophilia on this chapter. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) She is nine , and every day she grows more and more adept in the force. It bends to her will easily, putty in her tiny hands. Nocturne and her father let her roam now without the constant supervision; at least not the blatant supervision it had been before. There always seems to be one storm trooper who happens to be moving in the same direction as she, or an officer nearby right when she needs a passcode or handprint to get past a door. She let’s them think that she hasn’t caught on; if it makes her father happy, then she is content. The voices haven’t given her much yet, besides small bits of help and encouragement in her training. They praise her for practicing before bed, and when she hits a form just right. It makes her smile to have them there. They are sexless ageless things, and she thinks she just might trust them. She is ten , and Kylo Ren begins to help in her training. He walks her through her forms every day for two weeks while Nocturne is away on a mission. He’s retrieving a special artifact from the Supreme Leader himself, he told her before he left. She dug into his mind without his knowledge, irritated at his vagueness. Her father had a special Kyber Crystal for her, she discovered, then quickly and covertly pulled from Nocturne’s thick scarred mind. She prattles excitedly each day to Kylo as he guides her through her forms, she almost loses her grip on her practice saber more than once. He doesn’t seem to care--he looks bored--but he doesn’t complain that she’s annoying him either, so she doesn’t stop. But the voices seem hesitant about the idea of a saber, they seem uncertain, some of them even afraid. They paint a picture in her mind as she sleeps, of a whole village of people razed by one. Whatever planet it is reminds her of Jakku, it is dusty and beginning to cool as the sun sets over craggy outcrops of rock. The people there vary in size and age and sex, men and women and children, all going about their daily chores, she isn’t exactly sure what species they are, but they’re human enough that she feels a certain level of kinship with them, these dream creatures. When the presence ignites its saber it is sobbing. She can’t hear it’s voice or see it’s darkened face, but she knows that it is sobbing; she can feel the grief rising off of it in waves, like heat off of the desert sand. What shocks her more than the slaughter she witnesses is something that should be quite mundane, inconsequential, but, for some reason it knocks the breath from her lungs. The lightsaber is blue. Nocturne arrives back on board the Finalizer after two weeks, but he doesn’t give her the crystal. He tells her that he and her father had spoken at length, and they both agreed that she wasn’t ready. Not yet. She is eleven , and they still won’t giver her a saber. One day, as they work through her forms, Kylo tells her it’s because she’s not dark enough. “What’s that supposed to mean?” She snaps, dropping out of Soresu and crossing her arms over her chest. He mirrors her action, “It means you haven’t tried hard enough to purge yourself of the light. You float along through each lesson, each form, each force push, but you don’t--force...how to put this into words--you aren’t embracing the dark, not like you should be. Your force signature is muddled, it’s gray.” She scowls at his assessment and reaches inward, trying to find her own force signature and failing to find any abnormalities. It seems fine to her, but then again, the mirror only reveals so much, and it distorts any image it casts. Perhaps she should take Kylo’s observation to heart. “How do I embrace-” She is cut off when the door behind Kylo slides open and Nocturne Ren waltzes in, behind him is another one of his knights, one of the older ones. She doesn’t know his name, and she doesn’t care to. “Rey, Kylo,” Nocturne smirks at them, then says sarcastically, motioning towards their relaxed stances, “It is good to see the two of you hard at work.” “He was leading me through my forms until just before you got here,” Rey growls at him, looking to Kylo for backup but finding none. She knows she can’t expect much from a peon, but she had hoped her presence might bolster his confidence this time. Rather he just bows his head in respect as his Master struts to the center of the room, tailed by the unnamed Knight. “We were practicing.” She continues on her own. “Well, that’s beside the point now.” Nocturne says, and the Knight behind him disengages his mask with a pop and a hiss. “This is Nero Ren. You’ll be shadowing him on his next mission, Rey.” She perks up. This will be her first mission for The Order. “What is it, The mission? What’re we doing?” She bounds toward the two men eagerly, forgetting Kylo behind her. She barely notices as he slinks out of the room, going to meditate elsewhere. “Nero will explain on the way.” Nocturne smiles and ruffles her hair, “You won’t be gone for more than a day and a half, little one. Go, ready yourself. Meet him in hangar three in half an hour.” She does as she is told, eagerly packing a small rucksack with enough clothes for a three day trip--rather than a day and a half--and her toiletries. While she is shifting through her sock drawer her hand bumps something small and slightly warm. She pushes the clothing articles that cover it out of the way and her eyebrows nearly hit her hairline when the offending object comes into view. She hasn’t seen the fragment of Kylo’s first crystal in years. She lifts it into her palm and watches as it pulses there. She could get in a lot of trouble for having it, she thinks; though she doesn’t necessarily want to let it go. Maybe she should give it back, maybe she should space it once they leave the ship; she shouldn’t have this with her. It seems to pulse even more persistently in her hand. She decides she’ll do the latter, and stashes the violet fragment in her boot like she had done four years previous. Nero meets her in hangar three and leads her wordlessly to a small shuttle. It’s sleek inside and retrofitted with chrome. Rey runs her fingers along the smooth surface of it, and smiles to herself at the smudges she leaves behind. “So, what’re we doing?” She asks and plops down into the co-pilot's seat as Nero guides them smoothly out of the hangar bay. “A simple capture and interrogation.” He doesn’t look at her while he speaks, he sounds bored and mildly irritated, “You’ll only be observing.” Rey stays silent after that. Quietly watching the stars rush by until Nero sends the shuttle into hyperspace. She nearly falls out of her seat with the jerk of it. She blushes, embarrassed, and leaves the cockpit, going to the single bunk room in the back of the ship and sitting down on the cold hard surface of the durasteel slab. She faces away from the door, towards the chrome fitted wall and sighs, her shoulder’s slumping as she watches her reflection. She makes a few faces at herself then she lays down and closes her eyes for a moment, just a moment . She hadn’t realized how tired she was. She doesn’t know why, she’s been sleeping well enough, her meals are balanced for optimal nutrition and she receives vitamins weekly on top of that. Her eyelids begin to droop and her muscles cry out for rest. Why is she suddenly-- Get up! All of the voices seem to cry out at once in her head, sending her scrambling to her feet. In the doorway stands Nero Ren, he looks different from before. He had seemed so nondescript when she had first laid eyes on him that if one had asked her for his hair or eye color she wouldn’t have been able to answer; but now he is distinguished in so many ways. His short, sandy blonde hair is tousled as though he had been pulling at it, his blue eyes are wide and bloodshot. He’s smiling at her, his teeth are sharpened to points. He'd been trying to smother her with the force. “We’re pretty far away now, aren’t we, little thing?” He steps closer and she backs until she hits the chrome wall, “All alone, just the two of us…” He comes to stand in front of her, crowding her into the wall with his body. He takes her chin between his thumb and forefinger and tilts her head up so she looks him in his crazed cerulean eyes. “You’re such a pretty little thing,” he growls, “Powerful too. And Nocturne seems to think that you’re his ” Focus. The voices all say. “But we’re brother’s right? Nocturne and I? We are, I think. And brother’s are meant to share,” He manages to wrestle both of her tiny wrists into one of his pale, scarred hands. Sudden visions of his previous victims flash through her mind, all of them children like her, girls and boys. He doesn’t care if they cry, he even likes it a little. She’s seen this before, on Jakku. She’d been helpless to stop it then, the save the other children from rough hurtful hands. A lot of them had been her friends, a lot of them died. She chokes back a sob as he begins to tug at the belt of her tunic. Saber, feel for it. She does, he’s fool enough to have the damned thing on his hip. She pushes and pulls at the same time, feeding her power with all of the anger and grief that suddenly wells in her chest. She sends him careening away from her, her belt still in his hand. He slams into the wall, crying out while she simultaneously tears his lightsaber away from him, off of his belt, through his outer robes and directly into her hand. She ignites it, and the voices are silent, so she does what seems right in the moment. She buries the crimson blade square in his chest, rips it out and then brings it down again, and again, and again. By the time she’s done she’s killed the man ten times over. She’s covered in blood and reeks of burnt flesh. She stares at his body for a long time, the stillness of it, the rivulets of red that stream from his nose and the corners of his mouth, the veins that had burst in his eyes while he struggled against her assault, staining the whites red; all of it paints a deadly beautiful picture. She drops the saber onto the floor, still ignited, and it rolls away, under one of the bunks. She walks stiffly back to the cockpit and reverses the shuttle's course, back to the Finalizer . She doesn’t know what else to do, so she sits and picks off flecks of blood drying on her hands and under her fingernails. “Nero?” A familiar voice comes over one of the comms, Nero’s personal one. He’d left it in the pilot's seat. Nocturne asks again, “Nero? Nero why have you reversed course? Nero why can’t--” “He’s dead.” She says numbly, lifting the comm up in a bloody palm. “Rey?” “I killed him.” She whispers into the receiver, and suddenly all of her rage comes rushing back over her in a great dark wave. “He deserved it!I killed him because he deserved it! He touched me!" How dare he. How dare he deign himself worthy of her presence, how dare he touch her in such a foul way, with such dark intentions. She is so above them all, Nero, Nocturne, Kylo, Julan, all of them , she is the heiress to the galaxy. How. Dare. He. Her arrival back on board the Finalizer is heralded by a mostly empty hangar. The only soul in sight is Nocturne, who boards as soon as the ship lands. He frowns and toes Nero’s desecrated corpse as Rey shows it to him with the pride of a child showing a parent a crayon creation. She had done this, been slighted by this man and then slaughtered him for it. Nocturne grins . Not sarcastically, or threateningly, no. This is a grin of pleasure tried and true. “You did so well, little one.” He ruffles her hair and leads her from the shuttle by the hand. Somewhere deep in her chest she feels the first inkling of her father’s presence taking root. I am so proud of you . He whispers to her, their bond still weak; the message struggles to make it across the distance between them. A week later Nocturne enters her quarters unannounced and drops an oblong object onto her sheets beside her. He smiles another genuine smile as she lifts it up and weighs it in her palm. It’s Nero’s lightsaber, she looks at him expectantly, waiting for an explanation. “It’a tradition,” Nocturne supplies, “It’s your’s now, little one. Use it well." Notes: That was a tough one to write. Thanks for all of your comments and kudos, they really do inspire me. I go back and read them when I feel stuck <3 Chapter 7 : Chapter 6 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) She is twelve and she goes for nearly an entire year without seeing Kylo Ren. She is lonelier during that span of eleven months; she hadn’t realized how she had come to take solace in their friendly banter. He is the only one who treats her like an ordinary child, or as ordinary as someone in her position can be. Nocturne patronizes her and the other Knights rarely spare her a glance for fear of reprimand. The voices have been near silent since she received her lightsaber. Only occasionally will she catch one whispering as though it doesn’t want her to hear; it makes her paranoid, the way they seem to speak behind her back. And suddenly these things she had once taken such comfort in are grating wildly on her already frazzled nerves. She is thirteen when Kylo Ren finally returns to the Finalizer and she waits with equal patience for him to return to their lessons as she does when his ship finally docks; but he doesn’t return to her, rather he greets her with vague familiarity and pushes past her. She tries to pursue but is too quickly overcome by the rush of stormtroopers and personnel flooding the hangar; she loses sight of his hulking form in the crowd. That night she pulls the kyber crystal back out from it’s hiding place. She had nearly forgotten about it the day she killed Nero. It was only once she had returned to the ship and scrubbed his blood from her hands that she had remembered the shard tucked neatly away within her boot. She’d put it back into her dresser without much thought; but now when she removes it from beneath a crumpled tunic it carries a different meaning than before. Before it had simply represented a color she thought she might never see again--now that seems stupid, petty even, she is quite proud of her red saber and her dark clothes--but here, in the present it represents the one almost friend she has had on this force forsaken ship. She takes it in hand and clutches it to her chest for a moment. When the voices speak to her this time it nearly knocks the air from her lungs. A dark thing, you are. They say, But not bad this is, no. Dark...evil is not, only shadowed, uncertain. Strength, control you must have.” She drops the crystal and reels backwards at the clarity of the words. She’s never heard them so loudly before, with such clear voice and personality. They are wise and profound and they echo in her head like the winds on Jakku, but when she calls out for the voice to speak again, to come back and talk to her they remain mum. “Please?” She asks, holding the tiny shard level with her eye, “Please, say something else. Please!” She clutches it to her chest again, desperate to hear it’s voice any voice in this dark, wretched hole of a place; a voice that isn’t patronizing or critical of her every step. They don’t speak again, but that night they give her a dream. It’s an odd dream, one she doesn’t entirely understand. There is a woman there, a beautiful woman. Her chestnut hair is woven across the back of her head intricately. She’s smiling and talking to a young man, she can feel the arrogance radiating off of him, if she were in control of her facilities she might have rolled her eyes, but rather she is forced to watch the two of them in silence. They’re in love, she thinks. The way they look at each other, the way the woman swats at the man's arm when he makes an off kilter joke; these seemingly practiced mannerisms all point to that singular conclusion. They’re in love. The next morning she wakes late, sleeping through her usual alarm. Kylo is sent to her room to rouse her. She is fourteen and Nocturne Ren is on board the Finalizer less and less. Kylo seems to be slowly assuming the master Knight’s duties and then some; he meets her in the private mess hall--for usage only by the Knights of Ren--every day for breakfast, something Nocturne has never done. She doesn't tell him, fearing that he’ll stop and she'll be alone again. Left to mull uselessly over her thoughts as she forks nondescript food into her mouth. They talk about mundane things most days; the temperature in her quarters, what texts or holos she's been reading, how well her meditations have been coming along. This confuses her, no one else asks her about these things, little things. Rather they ask her about what the Supreme Leader has planned for her; whether or not they should address her as princess; how many people she has killed at her young age. So one morning as he quizzes her about her favorite color--it's green--she cuts him off and asks him; “Why do this?” “What?” He sounds confused, though she can't see his face through his mask she imagines that his expression matches his tone. “Why do you talk to me like this? Like I'm normal.” She tries to keep herself from sounding accusatory, she doesn't want him to think she dislikes it. He pauses for a pregnant moment the responds carefully, like he's trodding on eggshells, “You’re just a child--” She opens her mouth to argue with that sentiment--she is a young woman thank you very much --but he raises a gloved hand to keep her from interrupting him. “You bear such a massive weight upon your shoulders, and you’re so young,” he hesitates then continues, “I was like you once, young and full of promise, but the people around me were fools; they only cared for my power, for what I could offer them, not my personal well-being.” “I…” Rey trails off, she isn't sure whether or not she should thank him; whether he does this from the kindness of his own heart, or out of loyalty to The Order. So she opts for a happy medium, she turns the conversation around on him, to his mysterious past that he so rarely references. “Where are you from, Kylo?” She leans forward, presenting the question like a challenge. He sits still for a moment, then throws his masked head backwards and laughs; deep and sincere. The whole mess hall falls silent at the unusual sound; the Knights barely speak, let alone laugh. The others are shocked by the show of seeming joy. “Alderaan.” He says once he has regained his composure. Then he rises from their breakfast table and exits the mess. Three days pass before she questions him about his answer; she spends most of those three days--in between training sessions, of course--trying to work out the math in her head. Alderaan has been gone for over thirty years now, even on the brutal sand plains of Jakku they had heard the legends of the lost planet and its people, how one planet had managed to destroy another was beyond Rey. She hasn't seen Kylo Ren’s face more than a handful of times, but she remembers it. She doesn't believe he's that old, he can't be. He was a teenager when she first met him, he can't be forty. That day in the training room as they go through their forms, she asks him tentatively--if it's true she doesn't want to open up old wounds; “How can you be from Alderaan? It's gone. Another planet ate it, swallowed it whole.” He drops out of Dun Moch and chuckles at her; she hates the way it sounds through his voice modulator. “Eaten by another planet you say? Is that the legend on Jakku? That's one of the least creative ones I've heard yet.” He switches his saber off and clips it to his belt; “I knew a boy from Dantooine who thought Alderaan was just a moving planet, and that one day it would simply rejoin its system like it had never left. Though I suppose that makes more sense than the truth to some, planets don't just cease to exist, do they?” He seems to be speaking to himself now, rationalizing in his own head. Rey sits down cross legged on the floor and asks up to him, “Tell me the story, then? If I'm wrong and it wasn’t eaten by another world, then what happened. And what makes you such an expert? I know you can't be from there, you're too young.” She's surprised when he sits down parallel to her, and disengages his helmet with a hiss. “It's not a happy story, little princess. Are you sure you want to hear it?” “Yes.” She’s nothing if not stubborn. “The late Emperor Palpatine, of the Galactic Empire, ordered a weapon to be built, a destroyer the size of a moon with the capability to eliminate whole planets; once it was completed it was named The Death Star.” He smiles at her, crooked and dark, “I imagine you know where this is going?” She nods, “Yea, I think I do, but you should finish it anyways, and then explain why you know so much, and how you’re from a dead planet.” “There came a day when a demonstration of power was necessary to maintain control over some of the rowdier systems, The Rebellion was growing and Palpatine was beginning to feel the pressure of the entire galaxy’s eyes upon his back. So he gave the order and Darth Vader, the greatest Sith ever to have lived, my grandfather fired the weapon. Alderaan was utterly obliterated.” Rey stares at him, watching his expression for a long while, trying to decide whether or not the man is lying to her; “Darth Vader...was your grandfather?” Kylo smirks, “Yes, he was.” “He was from Alderaan? He blew up his own planet?” How could someone do such a thing? “No! No...he--it's just a thing I say sometimes, that I'm from Alderaan. A dead planet for a dead boy, I suppose.” Before Rey can pursue that odd declaration Ren has risen to his feet and is collecting his things. He puts his helmet back on and waves her off, “Training’s over for the day, we’ll pick back up tomorrow. And no more stupid questions.” The doors slide shut behind him, and despite his dismissive tone she knows that she's discovered something about the mysterious Knight from Alderaan. That night she stays up late searching through The First Order archives for all of the information she can get on Darth Vader and Alderaan. Granted she knows that the results are likely filtered and biased to The Order’s preferred canon of history, but she takes what she can get. To say Vader was great was undeniably an understatement on Kylo’s part, she decides. The man was responsible for the elimination of the Jedi order. He was the one who brought balance back to the force. But he wasn't from Alderaan, in fact, no birth planet is given for the mysterious man. But she understands now why the Supreme Leader chose Kylo to join his cause, power and darkness run in his bloodline. Notes: Whoop, just a bit of development and filler. Chapter 8 : Chapter 7 Summary: Rey never received proper sex-ed. Notes: Trigger warnings for all sorts of shit apply here, but the super intense stuff comes next chapter. You have been warned. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) She is fifteen and Nocturne slowly begins to come back into her life. Now whenever he returns from a mission he brings her small gifts; floating magnetic crystals, small self contained Eco-tanks filled with exotic fish and frogs, chocolates and stuffed toys, the list goes on. Rey wishes he would stop. Whenever he presents her with one she is always left with the odd feeling that she owes him something. One day while she is working studiously over an ancient text describing the intricacies of personalized lightsaber forms, she feels a tug deep in her mind in a place that has remained utterly silent for a very long time. Her father is calling her to his holochamber. She is shocked to find Nocturne waiting by the door to her quarters. “Hello sweet thing.” He smiles like a snake and offers her his arm. She takes it reluctantly and lets him guide her through the halls. “I know our relationship has been one of teacher and student since we first met, but that's all about to change, sweet girl.” He's grinning while he says it. Rey tenses beside him, and tugs her arm away roughly. She starts to walk faster, intentionally putting herself ahead of him, but he easily keeps pace. “What's that supposed to mean?” She spits at him. “You’ll see.” He laughs and presses his palm to the antechamber’s sealed doors, “Your father will explain.” The doors slide open and give way to the chamber in which her father’s hologram waits for them. On either side of the room all of the Knight’s of Ren--the ones who aren't away on missions--are lined up. She counts three on one side, four on the other. They bow as she passes by them and she and Nocturne approach the dais. She bows before Snoke's imposing figure, only at the waist, unlike Nocturne who falls onto both knees and presses his forehead onto the cold grated floor. “Rise, Nocturne.” Snoke says, “Greet me like a son greets his father, like my dearest daughter greets me.” This command surprises Rey. As far as she knows she has been the only person ever allowed to greet the Supreme Leader with a waist bow rather than groveling at his feet. Like a son those words send a chill straight down her spine. She glances around the room, looking for Kylo. He's the only ally she has on board this ship, the only person she can even begin to trust. She finds him on her left flank, still bowing like the other Knights. The visor of his mask is cast downward towards the floor but she swears she can feel his eyes upon her. Nocturne stands, bows slightly at the waist, then returns to his full stature. He smiles up at Snoke, “Thank you, Master.” Snoke nods at him then turns his ancient decrepit gaze into his daughter; “Rey, my child. It had been so long since I have laid eyes upon you in the flesh. How have you been? How has Nocturne Ren been treating you?” She knows what answer he wants, so she gives it to him; “He treats me well, father, he brings me gifts from his many travels. I enjoy them.” “Good…” He stops and watches her, his scarred, papery face cast down onto her like derelict ship hanging in the atmosphere of some backwater planet, “Have you had your time yet my precious daughter?” “My what?” She asks, genuinely confused. She can feel waves of disgust rolling off of Kylo Ren and she wonders just what this time is. Why does her father’s question upset Kylo so? Why does Nocturne seem coiled in anticipation beside her? “Oh!” The Supreme Leader laughs aloud, “I see how it is then. You don’t understand biology, no?” He is amused by her ignorance, and her embarrassment is enough to make her face flush, “Nocturne, I’m surprised that you haven't yet explained it to her! You’ve seemed so eager as of late.” He smiles, revealing rows of graying stumps for teeth. “I hadn't wanted to frighten her, Supreme Leader,” Nocturne motions to her dramatically, she shrinks into her tunic, feeling like an insect beneath a looking glass, “She’s so innocent, so young. Not to mention how involved she becomes in her studies, it just never seems to be the right time.” “Stop it!” Rey cries out, she gives Nocturne a slight shove with the force to put some distance between the man and herself, he's too close, so close that she feels like she's suffocating, “Stop talking like I’m not here! Tell me what the kriff is going on!” She bellows at them, all of them, every knight in the room. She wants answers, she hates being kept ignorant like this, and her father's rhetoric is pushing her over the edge. The Supreme Leader looks between the two people kneeling before him, his daughter and his faithful servant--his dog, truth be told. “Take her to the medbay, have them explain.” He chides, “It'll be better if she is to learn it from professionals.” He dismisses all of them with a wave of his crooked, skeletal hand. Rey is shaking by the time she leaves the medbay. She thinks she might be ill. She has learned a lot about her body; and by extension has now drawn conclusions about what exactly Nocturne and her father have planned for her. She hopes her menses will never come, she doesn't want to be a mother; she doesn't want to have sex. Sex . That was one thing even the physician had been unwilling to explain fully. He had made some vague remark about it being where babies came from, about how men and women fit together . But he hadn't explained the mechanics of it. In truth Rey wasn't entirely sure how exactly men and women were physiologically different, besides the obvious presence of breasts. When she reaches her quarters she immediately goes to the fresher, turning the water on and setting it as hot as it can get. She feels dirty, unclean at the sudden revelations about her future. She scrubs at her skin until it feels raw, and then some. By the time she steps from behind the shower curtain, dripping and flushed pink, her whole body seems to sting. She looks at her naked body in the mirror--she wipes away the steam and water vapor with a quivering hand. Her eyes are drawn to the cleft between her thighs, the area is unassuming, nonthreatening really; but she hates it all the same. Not only will it be her ultimate downfall--how funny that she can't even trust her own body on this ship--but now she knows that it too, like the rest of her, is different. The fact that she is fifteen and hasn't yet begun to bleed had come as a surprise to the doctors. They had put her in a chair, spread her legs and poked and prodded until she wanted to cry. It had been humiliating, especially since Nocturne was in the room. He had ogled her from the doorway, she had felt the desire radiating off of him. She wants to die, she decides as she stares at her reflection; her small breasts, her body muscular from years of training. She is a tool to them, a thing to be used and toyed with. She may be a princess but those privileges that come with her title only extend so far. She collapses onto her bed and sobs, she wishes she had never been plucked from the sands of Jakku. She wishes they had left her to fry in the sun or freeze in the cold. She wishes the moons were still her parents, watching over her and protecting her always. She wants to go back, she wants to escape. She wants to die. -- Ren feels viscerally ill after their morning meeting with the Supreme Leader adjourns. He knows exactly what Snoke has planned; he's known since over a year before when Nocturne had revealed to him Rey’s true purpose on this ship. She was a broodmare of sorts; one of the royal variety, certainly, but a broodmare nonetheless. Snoke did intend for her to be his heir, the successor to his empire upon his death; but in the present he is more concerned about creating his army of force users, powerful enforcers of his law. Rey is intended for Nocturne. She is meant to bear powerful children to him when she is barely free from the dregs of youth herself. She doesn't even know what menstruation is force’s sake. Ren slams his fist into his bedroom wall, relishing the pain of his knuckles splitting open; it distracts him from the situation at hand. The blood feels good dripping between his fingers. He doesn't know why he cares so deeply for this girl, she hasn't done anything to earn his sympathy. He fears that she may be swaying him back towards the light even though she is an undeniably dark thing; twisted and stained by Snoke’s touch. He lays out across his bed and stares at the ceiling, wondering to himself what he will do about this, these unprecedented feelings. He knows he cannot act out the way he wants to, he cannot challenge the authority of the Supreme Leader himself, not alone anyways. Kylo? He freezes at the tiny voice in his head, poking until it reaches the foreground of his mind. Kylo? It’s me, Rey. Come to my quarters, I need your help. He does as she bids without giving it much thought. When he arrives she is waiting at the door for him, he doesn’t even have to knock before it slides open. She stands in the doorway, clothed in her training capris and tunic; her hair is wet, she has bathed recently. She beckons him inside and the door slides shut behind him; “What is it you need little princess?” He asks, though another unspoken question hangs heavy in the air between them; How did you get into my head? “I need to ask a favor of you,” she sounds frightened, “It’s really important, I don’t think you’re going to like it. But you’re the only person I can even begin to trust, I need your help.” “What is it?” He doesn’t like the turn that this conversation has so quickly taken. If it’s something that she won’t, or perhaps can’t, ask Nocturne for, then it doesn’t bode well for him. “Do all of the Knights know about...why I’m here?” She steps closer to him, she looks desperate. “That you are the heir to Snoke’s armies and empire? Everyone knows.” He avoids the topic she is so obviously broaching, it’s not his place to comment on The Supreme Leader’s breeding program. “Don’t play dumb with me!” She snaps and suddenly he has been thrown back into the hard durasteel wall, he wouldn’t dream of reciprocating the violence so he tenses his body, bracing himself for more. It doesn’t come, rather she releases her grip and he collapses to the floor. She starts to sob, “I know what he wants to use me for, I know!” The few sparse wall decorations rattle as the force shifts around them, her anger and fear amplifying her already powerful signature. She inhales deeply through her nose and falls to the floor, taking up a meditation pose, she keeps her eyes closed when she asks so softly Kylo can barely hear it; “Am I the only one? Is an entire army meant to be built off of my genes?” “No.” He reveals the ugly truth to her, “Each Knight has an assigned mistress, though many of us have yet to meet them. The Supreme Leader intends for you to be the first one. Along with Nocturne.” Her eyes fly open and she glares at him; tears still run fresh and hot down her pale cheeks. He fights back the impulse to remove his gloves and wipe them away. It’s not his place. “I don’t want this.” She whispers, her shoulders slumping, her head dropping, she sobs again, “Please, please Kylo I don’t want this.” Kylo rises to his feet and looks down at her prone, pathetic form, he steels himself, “It is the will of The Supreme Leader. He knows better than any of us.” She just sobs in response, she projects the day’s events onto him through the force, so that he might feel just a fraction of the exposure and humiliation she has. He pushes the emotions back to her, refusing them, letting her fester in her own self-pity. “You will be an empress, Rey. This is such a small price to pay in exchange for that privilege.” He snaps. He turns to leave the room but she catches his wrist, stopping him in his tracks. “Please,” she begs through her tears, “Please Kylo, get me out of here; take me back to Jakku, take me anywhere. Just get me out of this place.” He shakes her loose with a grunt and flees, leaving her to sob alone behind her locked bedroom door. He immediately sets course for Snoke’s holochamber. He has just witnessed attempted treason, and to let that go unpunished would be unacceptable. -- The pain Rey experiences in the following days is to a degree which she had never thought possible. Snoke reaches into her mind, picking her apart piece by piece, he taints good memories and sweetens frightening ones. He takes her moons and darkens them, makes Unkar Plutt seem a kindly old man, makes Nocturne out to be her knight in shining armor. She screams, and screams, and screams. When she is finally relinquished to her rooms, days after her torture had begun; she smiles internally, dark and gleeful. Snoke is a fool. She rewires her own mind, returning it to it’s previous state with ease. Snoke’s tamperings are the equivalent of knots tied by chubby children’s fingers; loose and bulky, easy for her to spot and dismantle. She laughs, and laughs, and laughs. Notes: What a shit show. Chapter 9 : Chapter 8 Notes: MAJOR TRIGGER WARNING this chapter contains a RAPE scene as well as many references to rape. If you do not want to read or see that please, I beg that you simply skip this chapter/update. It isn't graphic or descriptive but it is inherent to the plot of this story. There is also body horror in this chapter (essentially an abortion preformed on one's self), but nothing that isn't on par with the killing of Nero Ren several chapters back. The appropriate tags have been added. I take no offense if you choose to stop reading all together at this point. Thank you for sticking with me this long. Just so everyone is clear, this has been planned since my initial outline; I did not add this for shock value. I have wanted this story to be real and painful since the moment I began drafting it. If it helps at all she also has consensual sex with Kylo this chapter, granted its for some VERY fucked up reasons. It's also not graphic. Thank you, and if you choose to continue reading know that you do so at your own risk. I hope this has an emotional impact, it was VERY hard to write. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) She is sixteen and she is a machine, a droid programmed to smile and nod and obey. Not even Snoke has caught onto the fact that his attempt at molding her mind has failed; she even goes as far as to pretend to like Nocturne. Whenever she’s with him she intentionally bats her eyelashes and smiles like a fool in love. She hates him. She wants to kill him like she did Nero, but she doesn’t know how she could possibly justify something so extreme to her father. Father . Rey hates that word now, the connotation it carries is forever tainted in her mind. She is unsure whether or not all fathers are like her own--force abilities aside--do they all sell their daughters off like prized cattle? She avoids Kylo Ren at all costs; she hates him nearly as much as she hates Nocturne. She’d kill him too, if the chance presented itself, and her resulting punishment would be far less than if she killed the Master Knight. When she is forced to be around him she pretends that nothing has changed between the two of them, she acts like he is still her friend; even though he wasn’t in the first place, friends don’t expose each other to torture. The voices are painfully quiet, she knows now that they are entirely tied to the crystal, but no matter how she pleads and begs they won’t even deign her worthy of dreams. There comes a day, near to her seventeenth birthday--a day she had chosen at random, not even her father knows the exact date of her birth--when Nocturne shows up to her quarters uninvited. She plasters a smile onto her face and lets him take her arm; “Come with me, my beloved,” He is practically skipping, her stomach sinks, “You are wanted in the medbay.” “What’re they going to do to me?” “Nothing painful, I promise.” His promises mean nothing to her. The medbay is as white and sterile as ever. She isn’t forced to wait like the many technicians and stormtroopers are, in an uncomfortably small waiting room. They take her back immediately, she doesn’t even have time to sit down and steady her breathing. Thankfully Nocturne chooses to wait outside. They sit her on a hard metal bench protruding from the wall, the thin slip of waxy paper that covers it shivers beneath her as her body continues to quake. “Please take a calming breath, ma’am,” a med droid tells her as it takes her blood pressure. The feeling of the cuff tightening around her bicep is almost enough to make her scream. A doctor enters the examination room at that moment, briefly distracting her from her anxiety. It’s a human woman, with icy blue eyes that seem to cut straight through Rey. She pumps a sanitizing agent onto her hands from a wall dispenser, rubs it in, then pulls on a pair of rubber gloves. “Do you know why you’re here?” She asks, wholly uninterested. She plucks an unassuming syringe from the counter and holds it level with her right eye. She flicks it then approaches Rey, pushing aside some of the dark wrappings the girl has around her right bicep. “No, I--” She is cut off by a sudden pinch, followed quickly by a burning pain that runs all the way down her arm. “Sit still for a minute,” the doctor places the now empty syringe on a sterile chrome tray, a med droid wheels it away wordlessly, “Don’t try to stand up too quickly, you might faint.” “What was that!” Rey barks, rubbing her sore arm. Why does no one tell her anything on this kriffing ship? “A hormone booster,” the doctor pans in that same monotone voice, “That’s the best way to describe it. You should begin your menstrual cycle within a week. If you don’t then you should return for further treatment.” At that the doctor leaves. The med droid takes her temperature and blood pressure again, “Oh my,” it says as it watches the readings on a small data pad, “Your blood pressure has spiked! I should fetch--” Rey crushes it’s head with the force, snarling as the broken, sparking thing collapses onto the floor. “Kriff!” She wails and slams a nearby cart into the wall, taking pleasure in the shards of glass that fly back at her and carve shallow lacerations into her skin. It only takes two days for her body to begin its cycle. She wakes in the middle of the night with some of the worst pain she has ever felt radiating out from her abdomen. It feels like she’s been stabbed. She makes it to the bathroom before she vomits from the intensity of it. “No no no no no no,” She whimpers as she tugs herself up to sit on the toilet. She yanks down her sleep pants and underwear and is met with a deep red stain. She can smell the coppery scent of blood and she nearly vomits again. “Fuck!” She curses and tears them off, throwing them out of the open bathroom door. “Shit! I can’t kriffing do this!” She brings her knees up to her chest and sobs into them. What is she going to do? Even if she doesn’t tell anyone, and somehow the service droids don’t find her soiled clothing, they’ll just take her back to the medbay; and then surely the physicians will pick up on her deception. She doesn’t want this. She’s barely seventeen. She doesn’t want this . Eventually she regains enough control over herself to draw a scalding bath. She had read that the flow of blood from her body would stop if she were to submerge herself. So for a few blissful minutes she sits and pretends that nothing has changed, she lets the hot water draw the pain from her cramping muscles and wipes the blood from her thighs. She wonders if drowning herself would be a viable option, but she doesn’t think that she’s ready to die, not yet. Seven days later, after the blood has ceased to flow from her body, two days after she turns seventeen, Nocturne rapes her for the first time. She grits her teeth through it, and manages not to cry. But it hurts, it hurts terribly, and afterwards she struggles to walk normally. He leaves straight afterward, satisfied with himself and the job he has done. Rey crawls from her mattress and rips the dirtied bedclothes off of it. There is a small bloodstain in the center, and it’s not from her period. She throws them out into the corridor, not caring who sees them; she just wants them gone. She climbs into the shower after that and sprays up between her aching thighs with the detachable showerhead, she hopes that it's enough to wash away his filth. Once she steps out from under the spray and crawls naked between her newly delivered sheets she lets herself cry. He comes back three more times over the next two days. -- Kylo feels it the first time Nocturne fucks Rey, rapes Rey . Somewhere deep in his chest, in the same place her voice had been before when she had begged for his help, he feels her terror, her pain, her sorrow. He vomits. He hates himself for turning her over to Snoke, but he’d had no other choice; Snoke it his savior, his master, the only reason that he is alive; he owes the man all of his loyalty, his love. This is all his fault. He does nothing. He feels it each subsequent time too. Within a matter of days she has stopped coming to the training rooms, stopped eating her meals with them, stopped communicating altogether. He feels her pain, her anguish, her despair, as if it were his own. It goes on for two whole weeks. -- One night, after Nocturne has left her shaking and sobbing into her pillow, she makes an impromptu decision; one that could possibly get her killed; part of her hopes it does. She sneaks out of her quarters well past midnight and goes to the rooms of Kylo Ren, she still hates him, but she’d rather it be him than anyone else; he’s the only one who has shown her any kindness, and humanity, since her arrival in The Order eleven years previous. She easily overrides his security lock. He’s in the fresher, she can hear the soft patter of water against the tiled walls, so she readies herself. She removes her boots, then her tunic, followed by her wrappings, her pants and finally her breast band and underwear. She folds them neatly and leaves them at his bedside. She slowly works a single finger into herself, wanting to be aroused rather than dry and sobbing for this encounter. She doesn’t want this to be like every time she has been raped by Nocturne Ren. She moans softly, turning her head into Kylo’s pillows; she’s glad that she looked this up, how to make sex pleasurable. She hadn’t understood the mechanics until Nocturne had violated her, but now she is trying to teach herself that it can feel good. She’s just beginning to add a second finger when Kylo steps out of the fresher, a cloud of hot, sweet smelling steam fills the room. He is clothed in only the towel tied loosely around his waist. “Who--” He cuts himself off when he realizes exactly who has broken into his quarters, and what she is currently doing. “Rey...why--” “I want you to fuck me, Kylo Ren,” she says crudely, she doesn’t have to fake the lust that pervades her voice, she’s already worked herself into a frenzy. She thinks that he is going to reject her. He doesn’t. -- He can hardly believe his eyes when he opens the fresher door; he thinks it might be some sort of cruel trick, some sort of test presented by the Supreme Leader himself. Rey, laying spread eagle across his sheets, two fingers thrusting in and out of her core. He knows what this is, he knows what she’s doing; but he can’t bring himself to object. He owes her this much, doesn’t he? After what he had done to her. He owes her this chance to escape the sick oppression of The First Order and Snoke’s disgusting plans. They could be killed for this, they probably will be; he can’t bring himself to care. He shucks off his towel and lays down across the bed beside her. He loops one arm around her naked waist and gently removes her fingers from her pubic region. “Let me show you…” He nips the shell of her ear, and swipes the pads of his fingers over her vagina. Let me show you how men love, not monsters. he doesn’t dare say those words aloud. He knows what this is, he knows that she still despises him. He carefully works a single finger into her up to the knuckle and she mewls at the pleasure of it. She is projecting each sensation she feels directly onto him, so he knows he’s doing it right. “Nocturne doesn’t do this.” She pants into his pillows, she’s facing away from him. He reaches for her chin with his free hand, forcing her to look into his eyes, “Nocturne is a beast, a monster. We both know it. Let me show you what sex can be, should be .” -- She groans as he removes his fingers from her drenched sex, she loathes the loss of contact. He gently rolls overtop of her, pressing her further into the sheets, and plants delicate kisses across her shoulder and onto her collarbones; he knows better than to try and kiss her lips, that would be too much, too fast. She watches wide eyed as he reaches for his member and rubs the swollen head gently over her entrance, he holds her gaze the whole time, watching her reactions. “If this hurts, if you want me to stop, just tell me,” he promises, low and sincere, “No questions asked.” She nods, and he enters her slowly. Inch by throbbing inch. She clutches at his shoulders, her nails biting into his skin and cries out at the stretch of it. It feels good, so different from when Nocturne forces himself on her. She is wet and willing and her body accepts Kylo’s with ease. He presses his forehead into her shoulder, “Is this okay,” he pants, “can I move?” She gropes at his broad shoulders and whimpers into his ear, “ Please ” He complies and begins to thrust shallow and gentle into her. She wraps her legs around his waist, locking her ankles over the small of his back. Neither of them last long, she comes before he does, her first orgasm and likely her last, she thinks. He keeps working over her after that, sweat beading along his hairline. “You have to do it inside, Kylo,” she tells him, commands him . If she is soiled, if the child she will eventually conceive is his and not Nocturne’s, she will have her way out; be it execution or banishment, she doesn’t care. He complies just moments later, spilling into her with a low groan. They lay there for a moment, locked together in his bed, surrounded by his mussed sheets. She strokes her fingers down his muscular back, tracing the scratches she had left and mending them with the force. “Thank you,” She says as he pulls out and rolls over, looking up at the ceiling. “That was high-treason.” He responds, not coldly, just matter-of-fact in his tone. “That was the point.” She dresses and leaves within the hour. She doubts that either of them will ever mention their encounter again. Two weeks later she wakes in the middle of the night nauseous and dizzy, she manages to make it to the toilet bowl before she empties her stomach of it’s contents. She growls and presses her head into the cool porcelain, she had expected this; now it’s just a matter of figuring out whose offspring it is. She inhales deeply and centers herself as best she can considering her current predicament. She lays both of her hands over her belly and feels for the thing growing inside of her. It is tiny, faint, not yet alive, not truly. If it were she doesn’t think she could go through with her plan; because it is undeniably Nocturne Ren’s. She can feel the dark energy welling up within her, spilling out from her womb and tainting her own force signature. She is methodical about her next actions; distant and emotionless, she has been planning for this possibility for weeks. She has a steak knife stashed under her pillow, stowed away after dinner one night. The service droid hadn’t noticed it’s absence when it came to take away her dishes. She lays on her back across her bed and says one final farewell to the world around her; she thinks she will die, if Kylo doesn’t get to her in time she certainly will. She doesn’t want to, but at this point she has little choice in the matter. She can’t let this diabolical plot come to fruition, it will begin and end with her. She raises the knife up in both hands, shaking the whole time, then brings it down brutally over her exposed abdomen. She screams as it tears through her abdominal wall, the serrated edge ripping her open, but she manages to dislodge it and bring it down twice more before she drops the blood drenched blade. She coughs and sputters and sobs at the pain of her actions, but she doesn’t regret it, not in the slightest. Before she blacks out she screams into the force for Kylo to come to her now . She isn’t done yet, she decides. She won’t die here, not while Nocturne still breathes. She blacks out just as her door slides open. -- Kylo has never seen such horror before. There is so much blood, Rey is covered in it. He chokes back a sob as he lifts her from her drenched mattress. He doesn’t know what’s happening, but he knows she needs medical attention now . He crushes her tiny bleeding form to his chest as he rushes through the corridors. When he reaches the medbay she is taken from him without a word, and wheeled away into surgery. It only takes four hours for them to repair the damage she had done to herself. Nocturne and the rest of the Knights arrive within that timeframe as well. When the surgeon steps out from behind a set of chrome double doors, covered in blood, Kylo expects the worst, but he doesn’t get it. “The princess is alive and in stable condition,” he says, then, more quietly, his fear evident in his voice he looks to Nocturne and Nocturne alone, “But we couldn’t save the blastula, the pregnancy was too early along, and she had done too much damage to her uterus.” Nocturne sits perfectly still for a moment, then rises, slowly, menacingly, “She was...pregnant?” The surgeon gives a slow fearful nod. Nocturne flings the man across the room in a sudden outburst of rage. The other Knights are forced to restrain him to prevent him from going into Rey’s recovery room and ending her. Kylo wonder’s sadly if perhaps the child was his, and if this was her plan all along. Notes: If you managed to read this entire chapter, kudos to you. Writing it made me feel sick. If you have any questions or inquiries, please feel free to message me on my tumblr. I'm actualmongoose over there as well. Just a little pick me up for everyone; next chapter is Nocturne Ren's last. I'm worn out and beaten down after this, god damn it. Chapter 10 : Chapter 9 Notes: This chapter got a bit long so it has been split into two parts. Also, fair warning, in this chapter we see Rey use her sexuality as a weapon for the first time. Which will be a common theme through the rest of this fic. There's no actual sex in this chap though. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) She wakes suspended in a bacta tank, the cool blue-green fluid holding her semi still as the wounds across her abdomen finish knitting themselves shut. She blinks a few times and reaches into herself, she nearly sobs with relief to find that she is no longer pregnant. Then she looks up. Standing across the room from her, glaring at her, is the scarred terror that is Nocturne Ren. Her whole body tenses at the sight of him, her captor, her nightmare, her rapist. His eyes lock with hers, and she challenges him with a jerk of her head; she’s not afraid to die here. Let him do it. See how long he lasts with Snoke after that. Nocturne, without breaking eye contact, lifts his arm and presses a small button on the wall beside him. A med-droid whirrs to life from its place in a corner. “How may I be of service?” It asks, coming to stop in front of him. Again, he doesn’t break eye contact, just commands the droid with all of the ferocity he can muster in his strange, malformed grief, “The patient needs more sedative administered. She must remain unconscious until the full bacta treatment is completed.” “Of course sir,” The droid moves to the side of her tank and presses a button, flips a switch, then flicks a tube. Her world goes dark. The next time she wakes she is no longer submerged in bacta, but laying in a hospital bed. The thin, scratchy sheet is pulled up to her waist and she is clothed only in a paper thin gown. She pushes the sheet down and and gown up and examines her abdomen. There is hardly any indicator of what she has done remaining, just three faint silvery scars where she had brought the knife down. “Don’t worry,” a voice speaks up from beside her, she jumps a bit, she hadn’t realized that she wasn’t alone. It’s a woman with thick dark hair and made up face. She’s beautiful, “They will fade with time.” “That’s not what I wanted.” Rey growls at the strange woman. She doesn’t like her much, the air of regality and superiority that surrounds her is unsettling, from the way her pretty body is set ramrod straight Rey assumes the feelings are mutual. “Who are you?” Rey finally asks, “Why are you here?” The woman crosses her legs and shifts uncomfortably in her seat beside the hospital bed. “I’m called Bazine. Kylo sent me here to present you with this outfit the Supreme Leader had specially tailored for you.” She produces a heavy nylon bag from behind her chair, “He said that he wishes he could bring it himself . But he is quite busy.” Rey frowns at the sudden venom in her words, does she detect a hint of jealousy? Rey takes the bag and sets it in her lap, but she doesn’t look inside quite yet, rather she decides to interrogate Bazine for all she’s worth. “Now I know your name, but who are you?” Rey baits her, eager to draw out some sort of reasoning as to why the woman seems to dislike her so. Bazine practically snarls at her, “ I am a proud assassin of The First Order. I’ve been here for years little thing, don’t try my patience.” “You can’t touch me,” Rey laughs at her, and sits up fully on the side of the bed, letting her bare feet touch the cold floor, “Lay a finger on me and I’ll kill you, I don’t care for your pettiness. Are you jealous of my position? Is that what this is? You wish you were the prodigal child.” “Why you little--” She raises a manicured hand to strike out a Rey, but the other woman launches her across the room, chair and all, before she can get anywhere near Rey’s face. Just then, the doors hiss open and Nocturne Ren enters, flanked by Kylo and Habeas. “Well, well, looks as though our women have already gotten into a little cat fight.” Nocturne smiles crookedly at the sight of Bazine struggling to climb back onto her feet, clearly shaken by the whole ordeal. Rey scowls at him, then scowls deeper when Kylo rushes to help Bazine onto her feet. She can sense a connection between the two of them, Bazine is mildly force sensitive. Perhaps that is why the woman hates Rey so much, she slept with Bazine’s intended. Rey doesn’t care what the other woman thinks, so long as she keeps her pretty, painted mouth shut. Nocturne turns his dark stare onto Rey, his amused smile fades and he eyes the bag still sitting on the bed. “Get dressed.” He snaps at her, “We’re going to speak to The Supreme Leader.” Rey huffs at him, then nods; she’s eager to get this whole process over with. She will take her punishment in stride and move on with her life, if she escapes with it, that is. They all file out of the room to give her privacy while she changes, Bazine sticks close to Kylo’s side, almost possessively and Rey wants to laugh at her; tell her that she used the woman's intended for nothing more than breeding stock, and he hadn't even done that right. That’s all the bastard is good for anyway. It his fault that she’s here right now and not hidden away on some far off planet. She finds the clothing inside of the bag to be entirely too dramatic for her tastes, but she dons them anyways; they’re better than the standard issue patient’s gown she wears now. First she slips on the panties and breast band, trying not to think to hard about who exactly could’ve picked the lacy article for her. She figures that there are three options and none of them please her. Then she pulls out the spool of medium gray wrappings. Similar to the ones she wore on Jakku to protect from the sun, and the black ones she has worn around the Finalizer to protect her knuckles and skin from superficial wounds during hand-to-hand training. She wraps them from her upper bicep down to her mid forearm, and from her upper thigh down to her ankles. She notices the lack of shoes in the bag and wraps them around the middle part of each of her feet too. She then wraps them around her midsection, noting that lack of a real shirt. Instead of a shirt she finds a light piece of chest armor, that slides easily over her head and snaps into place around her middle, cutting off just beneath her ribs; that is followed by matching metal pauldrons which fit neatly onto the shoulders of the chest piece, clicking in position perfectly. There is a thick black hood attached to the back of the pauldron piece, she pulls it up to hide her face as best she can. Next comes the skirt, a piece of flowy black fabric that cinches neatly behind her right hip. From there it swoops down, revealing a swath of the smooth tanned skin of her ass and left upper thigh She gets the feeling that the exposed skin is intentional, and the showy panties were also chosen deliberately. Finally, all that remains in the bag are two thin, off-red, fingerless gloves, which she slides onto her hands, and a veil of the same color meant to cover her mouth and nose. She catches a glimpse of herself in the small mirror that hangs over the single sink in the room. In conjunction with the hood the veil leaves her a frightening thing to behold. Less human that before, all citrine yellow eyes and ferocity. Wait, yellow eyes . She stops and leans onto the sink, bringing her eyes close to the mirror. She’s never seen them like this before, they had certainly been brown, but now they are yellow. Her pupils are but pinpricks in the center of the iris. She brings her hand up and brushes her fingers under her right eye, hoping that perhaps a touch will stir this strange illusion and bring her doe eyes back. Nothing changes. When she steps from the room and into the hallway, donning her new garb, there is a palpable tension in the air. Nocturne’s eyes flash both hunger and rage as the rove over her form, Kylo clenches his fists and looks down to the floor; Bazine tightens her grip on his arm. Rey smirks beneath her veil at the turmoil she is so clearly inciting. The walk to the holochamber is quite uncomfortable for all of them except Rey, who revels in the squirming of those around her; they know what she has done, they know what she is capable of. They fear her. All of them save for Nocturne, what rolls off of him is different, not fear, but confusion and hatred. He hates her for what she has done, for the early end to his progeny; that is obvious to her. But his confusion is another thing entirely; she is unable to reach into his mind like she would to someone who isn’t force sensitive, and it seems like there should be few conflicting thoughts and emotions in a situation like theirs. So why is he so lost? Why does his force signature, the very essence of his being, seem so tumultuous? She doesn’t know, so she chooses not to linger on it. And she marches onward to meet her fate. Unflinching. Unafraid. Snoke’s chamber is as drab as ever, dark and foreboding, totally colorless save for the few spots of red worn by some of the Knight’s. The Knights it seems as though the whole of their order is here. There are about twenty, give or take, each pressed with their back against a wall, lined up in even numbers on either side of the main walkway. Kylo and Habeas go to join the others while Rey and Nocturne approach the dais where Snoke’s hologram sits. She notes that Bazine is no longer with them, likely that whores aren’t welcome in The Supreme Leader’s presence. Nocturne falls into his groveling bow, something Rey hasn’t seen him do in years. She had thought Snoke had permitted him to do otherwise. They’ve had some sort of falling out, clearly. She doesn’t so much as bend at the waist, rather she straightens her posture and looks directly into her father’s eyes. He smiles, “My dearest Rey, what a fine creature you make in your new clothing. Do you like it? I had it hand sew and forged for you.” She scowls at him, “It’s nice, I suppose. Though I must ask, why dress me like this if you intend to punish me? Did you fancy me up like a lamb for the slaughter, wash me, make me look pretty so I’ll die in a manner you see befitting?” She takes a threatening step forward and cocks her head. She chuckles a little at the palpable tension roiling off of the Knights. Snoke laughs loudly, with real humor, “No my dear! You misunderstand my intentions,” He leans forward on his throne, “You have made me so very proud.” Rey freezes. What is this? Some sort of trick? Is he lulling her into a false sense of security only to then strike out and take off her head? She understands Nocturne’s confusion now, she shares it. What has she done to please Snoke? “Do you not know, my dear? What you have done is a thing of true darkness. Filicide was not uncommon among the ranks of the Sith, my dear.” “But we are not Sith!” Nocturne flies to his feet and pushes past Rey. “We are different from them! Their order is dead and this little bitch should be punished accordingly,” Snoke doesn’t stop him, he sits unamused as Nocturne continues on his tirade, “She foiled your plan, Supreme Leader! She defied your orders and my own!” Snoke’s lip curls up in distaste, “You are a fool Nocturne Ren, she is too good for you. She has transcended you in her power and abilities. You will be assigned a new whore if you so wish. But she has been removed from the program. She has shown her distaste and dissatisfaction and acted as a true conduit of the dark side, and above all else she is my daughter; she is freed from her duties to reproduce for the time being.” “But--” Snoke rises from his throne and Nocturne is tugged through the air, meeting with what should be a holographic hand, but as Snoke squeezes Rey swears she can see the shadows over the man’s throat shift while he chokes and sputters. “You insolent little man! I have spoken!” Snoke throws him across the chamber and into one of the walls. None of his knights come to his aid, too frightened by the power and wrath of their Supreme Leader. “You are all dismissed!” Snoke snarls at the lot of them, “Except for you, my daughter. I would like to speak with you alone.” Rey nods and they wait while the Knight’s file out of the room one by one. Once they are alone Snoke begins, “Like I said previously, I am abundantly proud of you my child. But I have a single concern; our bloodline must continue, you must produce an heir. It does not have to be now, and it does not have to be by Nocturne Ren--you have made your dislike of him clear--but someday you will have to choose a man, a powerful one, to rule by your side. To give you a son or daughter.” Rey nods, “I understand father, and I will. But for the time being I would like to focus on my studies, I have no interest in any of the Knight’s of Ren. They are buffoons, the whole of them.” “None of them are available to you anyways, they have all been assigned women who match well to them genetically with whom to reproduce. That’s not to say we can’t eliminate a whore if you decide to pair with one of them.” Snoke provides and slowly sinks back onto his throne, more relaxed than before. “I have no interest.” “Very well, then we are almost finished here,” he smiles down at her, “But first I have a task for you to complete.” “Anything, father.” “You have used another’s lightsaber for too long, go to the Sith Temple on Korriban; there you will find a large number of Kyber Crystals locked away among the Sith archives, and it is far closer to your current location than Ilum. Feel free to gather as much reading material as you wish while you are there, it has been abandoned for many years and the old tomes serve no one now.” He nods in an attempt to dismiss her. “Wait, I’ve never heard of Korriban.” The statement implies a question and he answers easily, “Ah, it’s name has changed many times through the years. It is called Moraband now. Take a knight or two with you when you go, occasionally force practitioners will take up residence there in meager attempts to understand the old masters. I do not want any harm to come to you.” “I can handle myself father.” She smirks. “I know, my child, but please do allow an old man to worry.” Later that evening, after she has put together a small dossier on Moraband and the temple it holds, there is a knock on her door. She frowns and pushes away from her desk, gliding easily to her feet. She opens the door with the force and isn’t surprised in the slightest to find Bazine standing outside. She had expected the other woman to show up at some point, considering how much disdain she holds for Rey. “Well don’t just stand there like an idiot,” Rey quips, “Come in.” She does and Rey closes the door behind her, intentionally making the woman uneasy. She clears her throat, “Changed out of your new armor, I see,” she gestures at Rey’s tunic and short combat pants, her nails are painted black, “I designed those, you know. At the behest of your father. He was overjoyed when he heard about the little stunt you pulled with the steak knife, summoned me immediately after he was informed.” She tugs at the sleeves of her skin tight bodysuit. “Cut the shit, Bazine.” Rey snaps, the women jumps a little, “Why are you here?” Bazine’s lip curls a bit, “You slept with Kylo Ren.” Rey rolls her eyes, “Is that really what all of this hatred is about? To be fair I didn’t know Snoke had put his little breeding program into action for the rest of you at the time. Not that it would have stopped me.” “Why you little, bitch!” Bazine snaps and stomps her foot, “Just keep your distance from now on!” Rey kisses her teeth and rolls her eyes again, “Bazine, I don’t even like Kylo. I think he’s a weak minded prick, a sheep. He lacks a backbone and any purpose in life. Now get out of my quarters, you’re stinking the place up. Your perfume smells terrible.” After Bazine storms out Rey decides it will be Kylo Ren who accompanies her on her mission. For no other reason than to make the assassin squirm. And on top of that, she has a use for him. -- Kylo is sitting in the mess, half heartedly picking at his dinner when Rey summons him. Kylo, are you alone? She hasn’t spoken to him since they slept together and he jumps at the chance to regain some trust. No, I’m in the mess, but I can change that. Don’t worry about it. Just have a bag packed and be in hangar five at zero nine hundred tomorrow, got it? Of course, princess. That night he denies Bazine sex, he normally wouldn’t, considering that it is part of his duty to The First Order, but it feels wrong to lay with her so shortly after speaking to Rey. He still has much to resolve with her and sleeping with Bazine with those worries toiling in the back of his mind feels like a betrayal. After he has packed his bag and successfully fended off Bazine’s valiant attempts at seduction, he enters a small side room off of his bedroom. It had been a closet once, but he has converted it into a shrine. He still remembers when Snoke had revealed to him the location of his grandfather’s mask; he had been overjoyed to be tasked with its retrieval, and then it had been given to him to inspire you to fulfill your grandfather’s legacy as Snoke had put it. He kneels before the melted, deformed thing and pleads for guidance in his mission the next day; he may not know what the mission is, but anything involving Rey will be a trial, he is sure of it. The next morning he meets her in hangar five at one of the Upsilon class shuttles shared among the Knights. They load their cargo quietly and leave with few words between them. There is a distinct disease to their relationship, one that makes talking in public very difficult. Once they are safely in hyperspace Kylo finally speaks up, deciding that its best that he be forward in his approach, he hold no punches. “Was the baby mine?” He asks from the copilot's chair, keeping his eyes set straight out into space. Rey tenses up at the controls, “What? No. Absolutely not, it wasn’t yours. I could feel it, and it was Nocturne’s. If it had been yours I would have kept it.” “I--Okay.” They sit in terse silence for another few seconds until Rey decides to speak. “Bazine came to my quarters last night, she really doesn’t like me,” Rey is frowning a little and Kylo grips the arms of his chair, “I suggest you keep your bitch on a shorter leash or she’ll end up spayed, Kylo.” “Don’t--” “I’ll say whatever I damn well please.” She snarls at him. She’s looking at him now, glaring at him. “It seems like you want me to like you Kylo, you scamper around like some sort of kicked puppy, like you don’t know what you did wrong, why I hate you so much.” He averts his eyes, casting them down into his lap. “I don’t know why--” “Yes you fucking do. Don’t give me that bantha shit. You handed me over to him on a silver platter, even though you knew what he would do to me, or try to do to me. I’m not sure if you could tell, but he failed. He knows it too, knows how powerful I am, how only I could truly bring myself to the dark side.” She comes to stand beside him, her hands on her hips. She’s not wearing those tempting clothes she had been the day before, Kylo is grateful for it too. But there is still an imposing beauty to her, even with her hair pulled back into those three childish buns. “I can’t change the past Rey, I owed, owe , my loyalty to The Order and you know it.” He lacks conviction and she jumps on his clear weakness. “You didn’t need to go to Snoke, you could’ve just said ‘no’ and left.” “What do you want me to do Rey? How the fuck am I supposed to make this better?!” She grabs his chin and angles his head so that he is forced to look into her eyes. Had they always been yellow? No, they had been brown once, he thinks. “Kill Nocturne Ren, and all will be forgiven.” She commands. “What?” He can’t believe what he is hearing. Kill Nocturne Ren? “I know how the line of succession works, Kylo. It goes like the Rule of Two did once, there is always a master, and once one of his apprentices is strong enough they can present a challenge. If they kill him, they become to new Master of Ren. I’m not a child anymore Kylo, I will take Snoke’s place on the throne soon enough and I need someone I can trust beneath me. Kill Nocturne, regain my trust, earn my forgiveness.” He chokes on the air he breaths, “I--I can’t, I’m not--” Suddenly the mood has shifted and Rey is no longer the imposing heiress risen high above him, shouting commands and making demands. She has sat herself in his lap, spread her lithe form over his body, her eyes have darkened from bright yellow too deep goldenrod. “Kill him for me,” she whispers in his ear, and he knows now that she understands him entirely, his every want, his greatest weakness; his taboo desire for her. “Please, Kylo.” She purrs, “He hurt me. End him.” He grips her hips and holds her to him, inhaling deeply of her. She smells so different from Bazine, who wears perfumes and fragrances constantly. Rey smells natural and earthy. “As you command,” he finally says, his fingers digging into her hipbones, “my princess.” He will kill Nocturne Ren. How? He isn’t sure. But Nocturne Ren will die. Notes: Note that Nocturne didn't exactly die in this chapter, that's due to my cutting the chapter in half. Stay tuned for next update. Also I'm very sick at the moment, I have C Diff, which is a decidedly un-fun intestinal infection. My writing will be slower than usual as I work on kicking this over the next two weeks. You can find me on tumblr at actualmongoose, same as here! Stop by and say hi, I don't bite. :) Chapter 11 : Chapter 9 part II Summary: Skywalker special, anyone? Notes: I'm still quite ill, but laying in bed gives one quite a bit of downtime so here another chapter! Finally took the time to learn how to link through html so sources are in the end notes including a link to what Rey's outfit looks like. Over the next few days I might go back through some previous chapters and add links to sources/references. I took some liberties with the temple layout, btw. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Moraband is a desolate, dead place. At least it seems to be upon first landing, but Rey quickly learns otherwise. As soon as she steps from the shuttle, her foot stirring up a cloud of red dust, she feels how alive the planet truly is. It's thrumming with the dark side of the force, pulsating with it. Her senses are suddenly overwhelmed by an onslaught of whispers, images and smells, none of which actually belong to her. All of them are ancient, belonging to people and times long passed. Echoes of hundreds of lives all converging onto her at once. She falls to the ground, her hands covering her ears as she feels each scar find its place on her skin, smells the scent of burning flesh a hundred times over and it assaulted by the sight of a thousand different lightsabers all igniting one after the other after the other. “Rey!” She is pulled from the illusion by the feeling of Kylo’s gloved hand on her back, and the sound of his worried voice in her ear. “Rey, are you alright? What just happened?” He asks, helping her to her feet, “You seemed okay and then you just stopped, you hit the ground--” “Don’t worry about it, Kylo.” She snaps without sparing him so much as a glance, “Our forbearers, they were speaking to me.” She motions out with her hand into the Valley of the Dark Lords, each tall red peak has a crypt carved into it, the tombs of past Sith Lords. Not one hundred yards away from them, blocking any further progress into the valley, there stands a temple, as red and desolate as the planet around it, but it stands tall, and proud; a testament against the wear of time. The Sith Temple. Home to the tomb of Darth Bane. She can feel his eyes on her through his mask as they walk, they had both changed into their knight attire after Rey’s display of dominance. She knows his eyes are locked onto her exposed flesh where the wrappings stop and where the skirt swoops low; she knows he’s been left frustrated by her. She revels in it, enjoys the irritation that comes off of his tensed body in sheets. This is how she will control him, this is her weapon, her power over him. Entering the temple is easy enough, there are no traps set, no puzzles to solve; the builders had known that few would venture here, and those who were not worthy of entrance would surely perish under the pressure the force exudes around this place. Once they have passed through the two, great stone doors--which had required the force to open-- they crack their glow sticks to life, filling the area with an eerie green light. They find themselves faced with three paths; left, right, and center. “The center will take us to the tomb,” Kylo explains, examining some of the carvings on the wall. “We should stop there on our way out,” Rey comments, “To pay our respects to him.” “We are not Sith.” Kylo deadpans. “No,” She chuckles, “But we owe them quite a bit don’t we? We came here to take their crystals and their teachings. We should at least offer some thanks.” They take the left corridor first, hoping that it’s the right way but quickly being proven wrong, the hall gives way to a small antechamber. The carvings along the walls suddenly cease as the step inside, and the feel of the room is far more somber. Rey goes to open the stone doors at the opposite end of the chamber, but Kylo stops her. “Let me,” he says. She nods and let's him. Kylo steps into the darkened unknown that lies ahead of him. For a moment there is silence, and then he screams. -- He doubles over at the agony of it, his mind being torn open. It's different than when Snoke does it, he picks and chooses, deciding what he would like to tamper with and leaving everything else untouched. But this, this is pure unadulterated torture. The images that flash before his eyes are unabashedly horrible, flashes of torture machines tearing off fingernails, dunking people’s heads underwater until the bubbles nearly cease to rise; Kylo drowns right along with them, bleeds right along with them. Then suddenly, he’s back at the Massassi temple, his uncle's school, standing over the body of a youngling. She’s a tiny thing, prone and curled in upon herself; dead. He can feel the stickiness of blood as it soaks into his boots, too much to belong to just this one child. He wants to look up, survey the damage he has done, but he can’t look away from her. The hole in her belly, the scrunched pained look over her delicate, still features, the way her arm has fallen awkwardly at her side like she had been grasping at something--he can feel the sting of scratches on his wrist-- the way her hair is falling loose from one of her three buns. He can finally move again, He gasps and reels backward only for his back to bump into the chest of Nocturne Ren, or the spectre of him. Kylo realizes now that this isn’t real, because he is on Moraband not Yavin 4, and Rey, an adult grown Rey--beautiful and powerful and healthy--had come with him. But the spectre still smiles at him like a snake. “You’ve done so well,” it hisses, “but there is still work to do.” None of this makes any sense. The massacre had been one of his most glorious moments, the moment he had truly come to realize his potential, lived up to his grandfather’s legacy; then why is he filled with such fear, such regret? Jedi Killer a thousand voices all whisper at once, Jedi Killer, slayer of children. Jedi Killer. Kylo Ren, Jedi Killer. Kylo, Kylo, Kylo “Kylo!” He wakes, and he is no longer in the massive chamber he had stepped into just moments before. Was it moments? He has been unconscious, he has most certainly lost time. Rey is hunched over him, two fingers pressed just under his jaw, searching for a pulse. “Kylo? Are you back with me?” “I--I think so,” he groans and sits up, they are in a large room, with stone shelves that reach all the way to the ceiling, each one stacked and filled with various tomes and trinkets, holocrons and kyber crystals. The archives. “How long was I out?” She shakes her head and rocks back onto the balls of her feet, “I don’t know, maybe five minutes? I dragged you from whatever the hell that place was to here, you woke up just after I dropped you. What kriffing happened in there Kylo? What did you see?” That’s right, she had had a vision when they first landed. “Nothing that made any sense,” he settles for a half-truth, “I don’t know how to explain it.” She scowls at him and stands up fully, shaking her head as he tries to stand. “Stop, just...just sit tight while I get what I need. I can feel the one I want, it’s calling me .” He does as she says and waits patiently. Five minutes, ten minutes, when twenty pass without her returning he finally climbs to his feet, using the shelf behind him to regain his balance. His fingers catch on the spine of a book and it falls onto the floor, opened with the pages facing down. The front cover stares back up at him expectantly, Darth Vader is scrawled across the black leather in elegant silver script. “What?” He asks softly to no one as he lifts the tome up and dusts it off. The leather is relatively new, not dry and cracking like many of the books in this place. He had thought the temple was abandoned centuries before, so how was this here? Someone must be maintaining the archives, he thinks; and is overcome by a wave of apprehension. Rey and he are separated in this endless maze of bookshelves and they are not alone. He tucks the book under his arm and takes off in the direction Rey had gone in, feeling for her through the force and wishing that their connection went both ways. He finds her leaning over a dusty tome laid out across a table, her eyes scanning one of its yellow in pages with absolute delight. There are two kyber crystals on the table next to her, both of them still translucent, and what looks to be a lightsaber--not hers--beside those. “Rey,” his voice is filled with urgency, “Rey, we have to go, we’re not alone--” “Hello, master.” A mechanical voice calls out from the side of the table opposite Rey, a black Viper Probe droid, and imperial model. It floats around an comes to hover next to Rey . “Yes I know. Kylo this is FL-34, he manages the upkeep in this place along with several other droids. Call him Flea.” She doesn’t even look up from the book she’s reading. “We were told to expect your arrival by the Master, so we prepared your materials for you.” It’s lense focuses on the book tucked under his arm, “We apologize for not readying that material for you sir. We were not informed that you would be wanting it.” “That’s okay,” Kylo is still stunned by the absurdity of the situation, “I--I didn’t realize anything this new would be here.” “Would you like other’s sir? Darth Sidious perhaps? He was the master of Lord Vader.” It inquires politely. “No, that’s okay,” Rey beats him to the punch, “You mentioned a master, Flea. Who is your master?” she has closed the book, and stuffed it into an old, torn up satchel that she found somewhere, along with the lightsaber. But she hasn’t touched the crystals yet. “Our Master speaks to us through the force rarely, we are always eager to hear from him,” it bobs up and down excitedly. “But who is he?” Kylo pipes up. Why won’t the damned thing just answer? “Our Master has tasked us with maintaining the knowledge of the Sith. We are grateful for his guidance.” It hums and begins to float away. Rey grabs it by one of it’s arm attachments and produces a small knife from somewhere on her form; she cuts a wire and the droid's single red light flickers out, it falls onto the floor in a heap of metal limbs. “We’re taking him back to the Finalizer with us,” she explains without prompting, “He has a lot of information I want to know, and I think I can reprogram him to, one; speak in the singular and see himself as an individual unit, and two; tell me everything he knows. Snoke doesn’t give me enough and I can hardly bring this whole library with me, can I? So Flea is the next best thing.” “Where did you learn all of this?” Kylo asks, stunned. He hadn’t known the extent of her mechanical expertise. She chuckles and motions for him to help her lift up Flea’s deactivated form, “Watch out for the grabby claws,” she mutters, “I lived on Jakku for close to a year before you came to get me, I saw a lot of these things deactivated in old Imperial Star Destroyers while I was scavenging. As for the programming? I spent a lot of time alone when I was younger, after training Nocturne would leave me locked in my quarters for hours with nothing but the highly redacted holonet and whatever reading materials I was allowed. I learned a lot.” “Grabby claws?” He smirks at her as he manages to lift the droid up in both of his arms, she takes his book and stuffs it into her back with the other. “I figured that you probably don’t know what ‘high-torque extension’ means, I simplified.” “Also, did he tell you to call him Flea?” He asks, hoping to continue the playful banter. “No, but it’s a hell of a lot easier to remember than FL-34.” She humors him, “Come on, we’ve gotta go.” She reaches for the crystals then stops, this is the moment of truth. Kylo can feel the anticipation rolling off of her from his spot several feet away. She reaches forward and takes one in each hand simultaneously. Her palms are covered, but her fingers are exposed and apparently that’s enough; they both flash a deep crimson red and all of the tension goes out of her body. “Why two?” He asks as she tucks them safely into her bag. “I don’t know,” she stops and pats Flea on his ‘head’ before she keeps walking, leading them from the archives, “They were both calling to me. Flea had set them both out on the table before we arrived, along with a book on droid construction. Whoever his master is, he wants us to take him, I think.” She stops talking for a brief moment, like she’s thinking, then says, “I--I think we should visit the tomb now.” He notices then that her fist is clenched around the unfamiliar lightsaber she had found, or that Flea had laid out for her. The hilt is curved, like that of an actual sword might be. Not straight and cylindrical like most lightsabers. He follows her without argument. -- The tomb of Darth Bane is extravagant to say the least. The walls are high and arch up into a triangular apex which is engraved with images of his accomplishments on the northern and southern faces; while the eastern and western are engraved with images of a man and woman respectively. The man is Darth Bane, Rey is certain, but who is the woman? Darth Zannah the voices around her whisper, Traitor , they chide. His apprentice then, she thinks, likely she became the Dark Lord after his demise. Rey approaches the sarcophagus in the center of the camber and kneels before it, letting the force guide her movements. There are other offerings here, kyber crystals, bones of the fallen, even small books or illegible notes. Some of the crystals aren’t red, they glow blue or green one is even lilac. She lays down the lightsaber at the base of the coffin and then reaches into her bag, groping for the larger of the two crystals. She lays it down with the many others that glow and glitter, and it seems to shine brighter once it joins its companions. She bows her head and whispers a silent prayer to this man who revived the Sith, and then stands, taking the saber with her. She lays it on top of the sarcophagus, about where she imagines his right arm would be. And turns to leave. Stop. The voices say, What of your companion? “Kylo!” She calls to him, he hasn’t left the entrance, “Put down Flea and come here.” He obeys, setting the droid gently on the cold stone floor, “Yes, princess?” “The force and Darth Bane demand a sacrifice of you as well.” “But I--,” he stutters, “I don’t have anything.” Blood the voices demand, He has given us much, but not his own. “C’mere,” she grabs his hand and rips off his glove, she turns it palm up and drags the knife she had found in the archives diagonally across his alabaster skin. “What the hell?” He snaps, but she ignore his whining and walks him to the coffin, there she clenches his hand into a fist so that the blood drips from between his fingers and turns it over so that the droplets may splatter across the top. It’s then, in the light of her glowstick that she notices the hundreds, thousands of blood droplets left by pilgrims before them. Others who hadn’t known to bring offerings. On the way out, just before they reach the front doors, they hear a loud resounding click and the massive things fall open on their own. Rey and Kylo look at each other, both realizing at the same time that, had they not given offerings to Darth Bane, the doors would’ve been locked, unopenable, they would’ve been trapped. The flight back to the Finalizer is near silent, save for one moment when Rey speaks, or demands, really. “When we return you will challenge Nocturne Ren to a duel, and you will kill him.” “Anything for you, princess.” -- When they arrive home Kylo immediately makes a summons to all of the other knights on board this ship. Meet me in the Supreme Leader’s holochamber , he types on his datapad, This is of the utmost importance. Then he goes. Rey had said she would contact her father, and on his arrival he sees that she has kept her word. All of the other Knights of Ren are already there, all of them in their usual positions, backs pressed against the walls. Nocturne is waiting beside Rey, next to the dais. “Kylo Ren,” The Supreme Leader says, “You have made a summons. Speak.” He unclips his saber from his side, and switches it to life, “I challenged Nocturne,” he points at the man with his blade, “To a duel for the position and title of Master of the Knights of Ren.” “Oh?” Snoke chuckles, and Kylo knows his master doesn’t think he can win. “Alright, Kylo,” Nocturne ignites his own saber, “I should’ve known this was coming, I’ve sensed the disdain from you ever since I first fucked our dearest Rey.” The two have begun to circle each other, Kylo can feel Rey’s outrage through the force and he lunges, but Nocturne blocks him easily, “Shut up!” “Is this really the reason you’re challenging me?” Nocturne laughs, falling back to a safe distance, “For a claim to her cunt? I suppose I understand why, it is very tight.” He croons and then throws himself at Kylo, their lightsabers smash together sending sparks flying in either direction, “Let this show,” Nocturne grits out as he presses into Kylo, “That no one is ever to question my authority ever again.” He kicks Kylo’s legs out from under him, but Kylo manages to right himself before he hit the floor. He uses the force to propel himself backward. He hisses when his feet touch solid ground again, his left ankle likely sprained. The two men glare at each other for a long tense moment before Nocturne leaps at him again, saber swinging, lips drawn back into a snarl. Kylo feints easily out of the way, rolling on his side and gliding smoothly back to his feet, he strikes out at Nocturne managing to brush the man’s left side with his saber, leaving a shallow burn. Nocturne quickly recovers and catches Kylo’s blade with his own. Kylo understands now that this will not be a quick fight. Both Kylo and Nocturne are strong, broad men, who utilize brute and power over speed and finesse. “You think you can outlast me, you little prick?” Nocturne growls as their blades hiss and spark, “You think you can best me?” He back flips away, landing smoothly about ten feet from Ren, at the base of Snoke’s holographic throne. “You’ve never seen me in a real fight, boy. You’ve never seen me when I really want to hurt someone.” He reaches behind himself and draws another saber, he grins at the horror in Kylo’s eyes. He’s never been taught to defend against a dual wielder; Nocturne had never taught him, perhaps this is why, so he could maintain control of the Knights. Nocturne falls into a form Kylo has never seen before. Makashi, form two. It’s meant for dual wielders. Rey whispers into his head and he’s never been more grateful for her presence. Nocturne charges and Kylo manages to sidestep, but Nocturne--much to his confusion--runs straight past him and up the kriffing wall. then comes down onto Kylo, the crimson blades crossed in front of his chest both fly out to his sides and he swings them both downward as Kylo scrambles to block, he manages to catch one, but the other strikes hard into his shoulder. “Fuck!” He hisses, and channels his pain, sending Nocturne careening backward with a powerful force push. The other knight slams into the wall, but quickly recovers and comes back at him for another strike. Form three, Soresu Rey hisses, Makashi is quick, be ready to defend and deflect. Kylo lowers himself a bit, taking Form III and when Nocturne goes to make the first strike he is ready, he deflects each jab with grace and precision, holding his own saber near vertical across his chest, defending his vitals as he takes step after step backward, Nocturne pursuing him every inch. But there is no opening in Nocturnes quick precise movements, when one saber is striking the other is quickly drawn back to guard; Kylo can’t keep it up forever, and this couldn't be anymore clear than when his heel bumps the wall. Kriff . He isn’t sure whether he or Rey says it. Nocturne smirks and then flips away again, standing opposite of Kylo and laughing, “Have you learned your lesson now, boy? Do you submit?” Kylo nearly scoffs at the man’s ego, so prideful that he let his enemy have the upper hand just to make a point. To show his own power and prowess he has opened himself up to attack. But Kylo knows better than to charge him. Dun Moch. He thinks to himself, deceit. So his disengages his saber, and approaches as though he means to fall and grovel at Nocturne’s feet. He can feel the confusion and fear that Rey is blasting him with through the force. What the fuck are you doing ? “Good,” Nocturne tilts his head and smiles, “Good boy. Now hold out your hand to me.” Nocturne reaches his left hand out to foster some sense of trust and Ren reciprocates. There is a flash of crimson light and Nocturne has brought his saber down and severed Kylo’s forearm from his body. The man stands with such pride in himself that he doesn’t notice Kylo’s own hand twitch bringing his own saber up and returning the favor. Circling his saber around after severing the limb and crashing it against Nocturne’s. He nearly misses the sickening--yet so, so satisfying--thump of Nocturne’s arm against the floor, right next to his own, nearly . They are equals now, two men, two sabers, two arms between them. “You bastard!” Nocturne howls and pushes into Kylo, their blades and faces pressed close together, their eyes locked over the sparking, hissing beams of crimson light, “You do everything half as well as I do, you know that?” “I certainly fucked Rey better than you did,” Kylo spits back and suddenly finds a wellspring of power within himself, he throws the pathetic, shocked Nocturne backwards and the man lands roughly on the floor, reaching out to brace himself with an arm that is no longer there, his lightsaber skids away from him. Kylo howls with laughter at the confusion that is written across Nocturne’s face, “Oh yea, she fucking came to me after you brutalized her, and I fucked her well. Made her scream for me,” he lies and laughs, Nocturne struggles, backing away on his ass, groping behind him for his saber as Kylo encroaches on him, then he switches to the cruel truth, “She would’ve kept the kid too, if it had been mine. Would’ve told you it was yours. That’s how much she hates you, enough to cut your filthy spawn from her body rather than carry it to term. She would've kept another's, but not yours. You would've raised him too, my child, cuckolded and none the wiser." Nocturne falls onto his back, giving up, Kylo senses his disbelief at the situation at hand. He drives his saber into Nocturne’s knee and the man screams. “How do you like is, huh?! How do you fucking like it?!” Kylo snarls and rips his saber away before mimicking his previous action on the other leg. Carving through ligament and muscle and bone, the scent of burning flesh filling his nostrils. “Please,” Nocturne pleads, trying to roll over, trying to crawl away but finding himself unable to, “Please I surrender!” “There is no surrender!” He brings his saber down a third time, this time over Nocturne’s crotch. His eyes roll back into his skull, but Kylo reaches into his mind and forces him back to consciousness. Dragging him from the safety his mind offers. “You will never know what she suffered at your hands,” he growls low, and brings his saber just beneath Nocturne’s jaw, letting the beam ever so lightly tap his skin, burning him, “You will never fully understand, so this will have to suffice.” He hacks off the man’s other arm and Nocturne gags and chokes, coughing up blood and bile. “Are you ready to die, Nocturne?” He asks as he circles at man’s body, he hardly even notices this stinging from his own severed arm, this is too exhilarating, “Or should I leave you here to bleed out, from your arms,” he taps the wound and Nocturne cringes and whimpers, “Your knees,” again, “ Your cock .” Once more, he teases the wound and Nocturne begs, “Please, you...you have won.” “Glad to hear it.” Kylo smiles and brings his blade cleanly across Nocturne’s neck, severing his head. It ends, but Kylo can still feel the adrenaline pumping through his veins, his heartbeat pounding behind his eardrums. The room is still for several very tense seconds, then he collapses to the ground clutching at what remains of his arm. “Take him to med bay immediately!” He hears Rey command. -- After they have taken Kylo away for treatment, Rey approaches Nocturne’s body. She is alone, save for her father’s hologram looking down on her. He hasn’t spoken since the duel began. She nudges Nocturne's head with her toe, and chuckles when it rolls a bit. “You planned this, daughter.” Snoke says, displeased. “I did.” She doesn’t look at him, just walks over to retrieve Nocturne’s saber. She will present it to Kylo later, his winnings rightfully, “He had to pay for what he did to me father, no deed goes unpunished.” Snoke’s hologram flickers out without another word from him. Rey is sure that she will hear from him again soon; he has lost his most loyal lapdog this day, to a plan that she had orchestrated. She will likely face some sort of retribution, but she can’t be bothered to feel afraid; she is too giddy in Nocturne’s absolutely bloody demise, to care for much else. She’ll have to be sure to thank Kylo. Thouroghly . Notes: Rey's New Clothes Flea Sith Temple Darth Bane Darth Zannah Form II Dun Moch Thanks so much for reading! Comments and kudos are always appreciated. :D Chapter 12 : Chapter 10 Summary: Sex Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) She drops by medbay--Nocturne Ren's saber pressed neatly to her hip, next to her own--several hours after the whole Nocturne ordeal; not to visit Kylo, but to request an birth control implant. They see her immediately, prioritizing her above all other patients, and she almost feels bad about it; but is still overcome with relief once the med droid is finished implanting the thin bronze colored chip into her shoulder. Never again will anyone be able to claim her body as their own, it is hers. After she asks about him, Kylo Ren, and is told that he has already been released to his quarters; and that they can’t share any of his records with her because of their patient confidentiality protocol. She decides against ripping the information she wants from the doctor’s head, that would be a bit gratuitous considering Ren is only a short walk away. When she reaches his quarters he is spread out sideways across his bed, his one arm thrown over his eyes while the other is capped off at the elbow with bacta patches, crusted with dried blood, laying at his side. He doesn’t seem to notice her presence, and when she presses into his mind she can feel why; he’s asleep. Barely aware save for the occasional dull throb of pain from his arm. She sets Nocturne's saber on the floor next to his bed, he'll find his trophy later. “Kylo,” she kneels on the bed beside him and prods gently at his good shoulder, “Wake up.” He sluggishly removes his arm from over his eyes and blinks the sleep from them, “Princess?” He slurs, he’s been drinking, she can smell the alcohol on his breath. Good, she thinks, that will make her job a bit easier. She runs a hand over his chest, he’s still wearing the same bloodied robes he killed Nocturne in and damn if that doesn’t excite her, “I want to thank you,” she purrs to him, moving up his body so her lips are just a hair’s breadth from his own, “I want to show you how grateful I am, how I’ve forgiven you.” He grasps her hip in his one good hand, pressing her down against his half hard cock, “Princess…” “Shhh,” she shushes him and presses a delicate kiss on the corner of his mouth. She knows how long he has wanted to kiss her, she knows how badly he wants her, and she intends to provide, to insure his loyalty to her is long lasting. “Just stay still, let me do the work.” She reaches behind herself and pushes aside his robes, squeezing him through the thin combat pants he wears beneath. She bites her lip, she had forgotten how large he is; she’s eager to get him inside of her. She’s quick in unzipping his pants and taking him fully in hand, stroking him to full hardness, all the while never breaking eye contact with him; she loves the way his face flushes and his pupils dilate, the way his breath is heavy and his grip on her hip is like a vice. She runs her fingers along the length of him, tracing the veins and ridges of his cock; she looks back at it an flushes a bit; he large and imposing in her small hand. She runs her thumb over the tip of him and leans forward to whisper in his ear, “You did so well, Kylo.” He moans, bucking up into her hand, she sits back just long enough to undo the tie on her skirt and shuck off her panties before she repositions herself over him, one hand braced on his chest as she lowers herself onto his throbbing cock. She doesn’t bother with her pauldrons and wrappings, he doesn’t get to see her breasts this time, he hasn’t earned that much. But he has earned the right to feel her cunt fluttering around him, so she takes him in one smooth push downward. “Fuck, you’re big,” She gasps, he fills her to capacity, stretching her in all the right ways. The head of his cock brushes right over the most sensitive place within her as she rocks on him. “I’d forgotten how big you are.” She bites her lip and bounces on his lap, alternating between that and taking him deep and rocking against him is his driving him wild, his hand is fisted in his sheets and he’s moaning like a whore. She leans forward over him, changing the angle of his cock and they both groan. She cups his jaw in one hand and clutches at his chest with the other; and she kisses him, fully on the mouth. She can feel his shock and surprise at the action; so she takes it further, pushing her tongue into his mouth and kissing him deeply, letting him taste her, nip at her lower lip; letting his one hand come up to cup the back of her head while she kisses him. He cums suddenly and deeply inside of her, pressed into her to the base. He moans into the kiss, but she pulls away, locking eyes with him as she rides him through his orgasm. She can feel his spend inside of her, copious and sticky. She bites her lip and slides off of him, watching amusedly as his red, wet cock bounces up and onto his stomach, a small amount of his spend leaking there. “Wait,” he groans and tries to sit up, “Let me finish you.” She shakes her head and chuckles at him, “I’m a big girl, I can take care of myself. And this was meant for you, not me. Rest up Kylo, you need it.” She rights her skirt and panties and leaves without another word, his spend dripping down her thigh. On the way out she passes by Bazine in the hallway, as always the other woman is well dressed, this time in a fine, deep red gown, lined with lace and pearls. She smirks at the assassin, clearly she’s going to visit Kylo, play the part of the worried woman. “What are you doing?” Bazine stops and asks, accusingly. Rey rolls her eyes, “Nothing of any importance to you.” She stalks away, ignoring Bazine’s irritated huff. The woman may be a bitch, but she’s not an idiot; Rey knows that Bazine knows exactly where she had just come from and what she was doing. But she couldn’t care less what the peons think. In fact, she takes some sort of sick pleasure in imagining Kylo fucking Bazine but calling out her name as he reaches completion; she doesn’t care who he fucks, or for what reasons, as long as he knows who he really belongs to. Back in her quarters Flea is a lifeless pile of metal and wires in the corner, but he is the least of her concerns right now. No, she has a lightsaber to build. She has had bags of scrap and circuits and power cells delivered to her quarters in her absence and now she intends to lock herself in until she has finished. All in all it takes her three days to construct it, properly; when she is done with the first blade she digs Nero Ren’s out of her bag and cobbles the hilts together. A double ended saber; the likes of which the galaxy hasn’t seen since the death of Darth Maul. She grins and gives it a few rudimentary swings before she powers it down and slides beneath her sheets. She hasn’t slept in three days, and she can train with Kylo tomorrow. That night she dreams. She is on a planet she doesn’t recognize--it is green and lush and alive, a place she has surely never been--surround by people she doesn’t know. Before her stands an old man with a wiry white beard and a blue saber held in his right hand. The people around her all stand still, there lightsabers also lit, held horizontally in front of their bodies. Blue, green, purple, all of their sabers glow; but no red. “Kneel,” he says, and her body obeys without hesitation, but her mind screams for her to stop. What is this? An execution? Why won’t her body listen to her? Why are her robes beige and brown? Why is there a braid in her hair? She can feel it hanging against her cheek, but just as she notices it, it is severed by the old man with the blue saber. He then lowers the saber once over each of her shoulders then says to her, “By the right of the council, by the will of the force, Rey, you may rise.” She stands, slowly proudly, and--again against her own will--reaches to her side and unclips her saber. At least this part is right, it is clearly too long to be a single blade, but when she ignites it; the beams are green. She wakes. And the force feels like it has moved . Notes: Short sweet chapter for everyone. The end of arch one and beginning of arch two of this story. 156 pages in google docs; I've never written this much before in my life and never had so much fun doing it! Thanks so much to everyone who has read this and stuck this out with me. :D Lightsabers Spoilery bit, but it explains what happened at the end there