The sky was falling and the land lay soaked in a rain of stars. Each blazed a brilliant glory as they scorched towards the earth. Each flickered a final, desperate goodbye as it was smothered by grass and dirt and lake. Alone, in the midst of such turmoil, stood a boy, whose eyes watched the sky with unbridled wonder. The wonder born only of youth and innocence. He offered his hands to the sky, to the tumbling stars, but none came except to graze blinding kisses to his hair and feet. It was a night of mystery and magic, and the boy could feel his power thrumming with excitement just under his skin. The night was alive and he felt the buzz of her heartbeat in his temples, the rumble of her sighs in his gut. A quiet cry sliced through the serenity of the moment. It was a soft, almost whimpering gasp that somehow rang like a churchbell through the roaring silence of thriving night. Ben’s body jerked as the sharp sound repeated itself, a feeble, sobbing help. One over-large ear twitched at the pained plea and suddenly his feet were moving. His bare soles slapped against the smouldered grass as he surged mindlessly across the open field. Ben stumbled blindly up and over a small knoll at the forest’s edge, following the fading echo. A shadow in the grass not far away drew his careless sprint to purpose. Ben staggered to the form, dropping to his knees in the grass, the night parting to reveal a gangly adolescent several years his senior. Ben took in the unsteady breathing, the spasming muscle, the tight curl of his fingers against his side. The ground was wet, the sensation creeping through the knees of his pants in a warm, slow spread. Warm. Wet. There was no rain, and even if there were the rains this far north were chilled and biting. Even any midnight or morning dew would be cool at best. As Ben shifted, his pants stuck, skin tacky and stiff where the damp had gotten through. He pressed long, trembling fingers to where his knee had been and drew them back to appraise them. Red. Blood. Pouring through the other boy’s fingers from a wound on his side. Drenched through his white, cotton shirt, the constant stream dwindling with each, weakening heartbeat. Ben’s own chest clenched, his face suddenly lost its wonder and filled with an unyielding fear, a crushing worry. He scrambled desperately to his feet, hands out, eyes to the shower of stars once more, “Please!” He didn’t know to whom or what he was calling out to. “Please! Help me! Please!” Something warm and light but impossibly dense dropped into his cupped and outstretched hands. The dying light of a waning star churned and flickered in his grasp. “Help, help me, please.” Ben blinked at the small, flickering light in his hands, burning but cool, setting his skin tingling. It took him a moment to realize the plea hadn’t come from him, but from that tiny, fading light in his palms. “Please, don’t- don’t let me die.” It’s voice was strained and breathy, weak and desperate. The words rushed from his mouth as hope swelled within him, “Can you help him? Please?” Ben dropped to his knees again beside the boy in the grass. His skin was cool and clammy and he was growing ever more ashen by the second. The little flame blinked open two bleary eyes and seemed to nod, “Yes, yes… I- I need his heart.” Ben knew of magic. Was learning to control his own even at his young age. He knew, more than anything, how powerful a person’s heart was. He didn't doubt for a second that this boy’s heart would be enough to save this flickering, desperate star. But he didn't know what it would do to the boy. What choice did he have, though? He had to try. “Oh please, hurry, it’s getting cold out here.” The flame cradled in his palms was turning blue, the tips of it’s form beginning to waver and shatter into sparks with each rippling gust of wind. “How? Just tell me how.” A weak flare of flame lashed out in the direction of the boy’s mouth. “There, I think I can get in there.” Ben nodded and tipped the boy’s head back, carefully holding the star against his own chest with his other. He quickly pressed his palm to the boy’s mouth, holding it there until he choked, gagged, light, ineffectual coughs shivering through him as the star disappeared. For several, long aching moments nothing happened. The blood continued to seep, though more slowly now, the boy’s breaths were rapid and shallow. Ben sat with fists clenched in his lap, face burning, eyes stinging with restrained tears. He punched his own thigh, frustration lashing from him in a bright, pulsing wave of energy as his magic flared with it. “Come on!” He hit his leg again, “JUST WAKE UP!” He shook the boy violently, finally shoving him away and skittering back a few paces. The tears fell down his cheeks, his knees curled to his chest. He had tried and it had failed. His magic always failed. He was weak and worthless, it didn’t matter what his teacher said. He knew it, could see it now plain before him as two lives ended because he was not strong enough to save them. Ben beat at his own legs until they ached and his hands were clenched too tightly to release. Warmth swelled against his blotchy and streaked face and he turned his eyes up quickly to the growing light. The strange boy’s chest was glowing now, radiating a bright, effervescent light and drew Ben forward on trembling hands and knees. Slowly, a flame emerged, pulled from his chest in heavy, laborious motions. One tendril of fire thrusting free to clutch and drag, multiplying more and more quickly by the moment until finally the heavy swoop of the bottom of the newly ignited star slid free. There was something solid and heavy there that seemed to fuel the sparking, golden light. And the star now seemed vulnerable in a different way, in a way that had Ben jerking forward to scoop it clumsily into shaking hands. His bones creaked as they unclenched, muscles aching as they were forced from their locked position. The star seemed so small there, as it had before, byt now it seemed to thrive in his hands, instead of fail. It thrummed with the steady thumps of a strengthening heartbeat. The even beating hummed through his arms and lashed around his own heart. Ben felt his arms steady, felt his heart match that calm, enchanting rhythm. “Mmmm n’yum n’yum, mmmm” He jerked at the voice, now stronger, “Boy, kid, you know how to pick ‘em.” He watched as the eyes appeared again, looking up at him, as if taking him in for the first time. “Though it’d have been nicer if he weren’t dying. I almost died, too! Warn a guy.” Ben’s eyes jumped to the boy in the grass beside him, having almost forgotten about his presence in all the excitement. He was stirring. His face contorting with pain, the heart in Ben’s hands jumping and seizing as he began to move. Ben scrambled to his feet and bounced on his toes, foot to foot, for what felt like a whole minute, torn between staying and properly meeting his boy and running, cradling his heart to his chest and keeping it safe where he could never get hurt again. Almost between blinks the boy went from groaning and struggling to wake, to staring with a sharp, piercing gaze that lanced ice through Ben’s chest. “Who are you?” Those critical eyes seemed to take him apart piece by piece, uncovering every dark corner and hidden place within him. “And what are you doing?” His eyes fixed on the fire glowing in his hands, at his heart. “What is that?” He had pushed himself up now to sit, but seemed still too weak to fully stand. Fear scorched Ben’s nerves and, before the boy could open his mouth to speak again, he took off, sprinting with the star pressed tight to his chest. He could hear the boy calling for him, demanding he return. No matter how far he got, he heard the voice just as clear, as if it were coming from his heart itself. The shower of stars had finally ended and the landscape an inky black sea. Not even a moon to guide him, but Ben followed the call of his magic to home. He could feel the warmth and safety of the hearth, of the thatched roof, of his rough, linen bedsheets. He didn’t need sight to guide him. Ben wondered, crazily, for a moment, if that boy could feel it, too. Could feel that comfort and light were near. He wondered if he felt protected and safe. Because you are. You always will be, with me. The desperate charge ended at his front door, where Ben finally allowed himself to sag to his butt, knees pulled up to protect the warm glow of the star from the soft, clinging wind that had arose. “Do you know him?” Ben glanced down to the star and frowned, “No.” It was an indignant reply and he managed to restrained the huff that wanted to follow. The star seemed to watch him with a calculation confusion. “Were you the one that stabbed him?” “No!” Rage bubbled in his gut, again. How dare this weak little flame accuse him of hurting that boy! Who did he think he was? Ben had half a mind to toss the thing, heart and all, into the rustling grass and watch it flicker and die. But the knowledge that the boy’s life, his heart so weighty and purposeful in his palms, was his to keep, stilled his arm. “Hey now. You can’t blame me for being curious.” The flame gave a shiver as a soft gust of wind tugged through it and seemed to hunker down, curling closer around the heart. “Not every day someone saves someone else’s life just ‘cause.” Ben took a shaking breath, trying to meditate and calm his nerves the way his teacher always told him. He wasn’t angry, not really. He just let his emotions get the best of him. He had to learn to control them. When, after several minutes, his mind calmed once more he looked down at the shivering and displeased star once again. “He was hurt. I needed to help him.” The star perked up at his words and raised a curious brow, “That so… Whatever ya say, kid.” His voice had a weight to it, as if he knew secrets Ben would never understand, as if he could hear the ties of fate and the turning of the world. Ben could tell he was trying to goad him into asking more questions, but he refused to fall for mind games. Instead he opted for a disinterested and dismissing noise. “I’m cold.” Was the only explanation he offered as he slipped quietly into the house, not wanting to disturb his parents. His mother would sigh and shoo him off to bed while his father huffed annoyance at being woken and returned to bed. His face grew sour at the thought, he’d rather not deal with them at all. The little, wrought iron furnace was still piping happily in the corner and Ben knelt carefully before it. He used the mitten there to open the grate, heat blasting out against his face, bringing a rosy tinge to his cheeks and illuminating his dark features in golds and reds. A few little embers escaped and skittered across the floor, dying on the cold stone. “In there? You’re going to put me in there?” The little star sounded as though he had been accosted. Ben glared at him, and didn’t reply just lightly lobbed him inside, not wanting to burn himself by trying to set him down. The thing gave a little yelp and flailed it’s flickering arms, rolling around until it was settled around a fresh log. “So I save your friend, didn't burn your hands and that’s the thanks I get. Just tossed in like a-” Ben snapped the grate shut and plopped back on his butt, crossing his arms over his chest. He didn’t like listening to his own parents scold him, he certainly wouldn't take any such abuse from a fallen star. He stood suddenly and paced the room, making it a few inches closer to his bedroom door each time, but finding himself inexorably drawn back before he could quite reach the handle. With a scowl he sat back before the furnace and pulled open the door. The star was right where he’d left him, munching almost begrudgingly on the log he’d chosen. They sat in silence for several long moments, each too stubborn to be the first to talk. Ben never won these games. He never had the patience or willpower to hold out. He could almost hear his teacher’s voice right then, instructing him, guiding him to find peace and meditation and to wait, just wait, just a little longer- “Listen, star-” “The name’s Kenobi, if you please.” Ben faltered, blinking bewilderedly at the flame, “What?” “What d’ya mean what? Stars have names.” His scowl returned, “Well that’s an awful dumb name for a star, I think.” Kenobi hummed indignantly as he munched on the wood, “Tossing me around, leaving me out in the cold, making fun of my name. After all I’ve done- all I’ve done-” Ben used the poker to knock the log he was balanced on loose, earning him a disapproving scowl that his teacher would have found worthy. “Well fine then. I can’t enjoy myself, what do you intend to do with me?” That gave Ben pause and he sat back on his heels to consider the question. “I’ll keep you alive. And you’ll help me and do as I request.” The look Kenobi gave him said that he didn’t think it was a very fair deal at all. But it also showed that he knew Ben would never do that. Would never risk the life of that strange boy. They both knew he had no power to enforce the deal, but it wouldn't cause anyone any strife or hardship so Kenobi didn’t bother protesting. He just sighed and crossed two flickers of flame like arms, “And what may I do for your lordship, first?” He mocked. “Keep this house warm and don’t talk. You’ll scare mother. Or father will think you’re some kind of demon and throw you out.” Kenobi seemed to shiver at that, burying himself deeper into the logs, the heart that made up the core of his flame sagging easily to the bottom of the stove where all the fresh logs that Ben had thrown in were. They sat in steady silence for a few moments before Ben finally spoke again, “Can you sense him?” Kenobi cocked his flame to the sides and squinted, pondering the question. “Sure. In the vague sense of I ate his heart.” Ben scowled and huffed a short breath into the fire which made Kenobi squawk and cling tightly to the wood. “Fine, calm down. Yes. I don’t know where he is, or what he’s doing but I can tell he’s doing things… I can tell he’s tired right now, and confused… And angry. Is that enough, your highness?” Ben nodded and snapped the grate closed without another word before disappearing into his bedroom to sleep for the night. He clambered onto his bed to do his nightly meditation- his teacher always knew when he had failed to do so. But he only made it a few minutes before thoughts of that strange boy wafted easily back into his mind. Ben collapsed back on his pillows, letting the thoughts consume him. How frail he’d looked, how angry he’d suddenly become, but controlled, and cold and calculating. Those eyes, so bright and viscous made him shiver. He couldn’t have been older than thirteen but he’d felt like an adult. He’d felt like the most powerful man Ben had ever met, including his teacher. It sent a chill through his spine and he pulled the quilts high under his chin, burrowing into the warmth of the scratchy blankets. “Don’t worry.” His voice was soft and already lilting with sleep. “I’ll take good care of it.” As if that would appease the boy’s anger. As if he could hear him. Ben’s world swirled with black and he was asleep in moments.