Prologue Yavin 4 Outer Rim Territories 19 ABY He felt vulnerable. Exposed. Weak. Everything around him seemed to move in slow motion. He could feel the Force rushing through him still, even in his emasculated state. He could feel the struggle. The pull to the light. His need to remain in the darkness; to fulfill something he so desperately yearned for: his legacy. A reason for his existence; justification to his rationale. The answers brought forth from a mysterious leader, one who promised him a role in destiny. A bringer of change for the better good of the galaxy. A universe where the wrongs could be set right. His existence, the key. His power, the catalyst. Yet it seemed, the light would forever haunt him like a seed of poison in his mind. It was sown into his very being and it felt as if it were something he could never escape. Yet he tried. He tried to condemn it. To forget it. The mysterious man had told him this would be his undoing, that he must destroy it. But for all his mediations, he couldn’t. He had reasoned that it was difficult to do so without the suspicions of his master. His master, his uncle, his own blood. He who doubted him; who never trusted him; never gave him a chance. He could sense it through the Force. His hesitation. His fear. Those same feelings he once heard in his father’s voice. The same ones he had seen in his mother’s eyes. Focusing his thoughts, he became aware he wasn’t alone in his mediation. Someone was with him. But their presence confirmed them as a stranger. It wasn’t his new dark master calling to him again. This was something else entirely. He felt the light grow stronger around him, suffocating him, infuriating him. A silhouette appeared in his mind, taking form, yet blurry. Realization hit him as he felt a sudden familiarity. He had been here before. Wherever this was, whatever he was feeling, whomever the person taking shape in front of him, he had seen it. Felt it. Like a long forgotten dream. He focused further, pushing for clarity, but he was met with an unyielding resistance. The person remained out-of-focus. He called out to them with his mind. Who are you? He was surprised to hear a reply but was annoyed to find it as unidentifiable as their appearance. The voice was muddled and horribly distorted. He could not identify its language, gender, or species. He reached further, his mind straining. He pushed, yet something pushed back with an equal force, as if this being didn’t want to be discovered. His weakness angered him. He felt his fury intensify his force. The silhouette became clearer. He could see long hair. Brown? He couldn’t tell if it was real or his imagination. He could see the being was like himself: human. Who are you? He asked again, his mind’s voice demanding. No reply came this time. I said, who are — “Hey, Ben,” a voice called to him, abruptly ending his mediation. “What is it, Hulei?” annoyance shadowed his voice. “Sorry to interrupt, but Master Luke wants to start a lesson. We’re waiting for you.” Ben gave a sigh of frustration. His investigation of the stranger would have to wait. He stood up, his long legs giving him an intimidating height for a fifteen-year-old. He turned around to face his interruptor: a Twi’lek boy, two years older yet a head shorter. His green skin blended in with the foliage around them. They made their way through the dense jungle back to the temple. The triangular ziggurat-form of an ancient stone temple rose into view as they made their way into the large clearing. The old temple appeared to be made of stone from the outside, but inside it had been almost completely renovated. Most of the walls were now fitted with metal, the floor no longer dirt but poured ferrocrete. These renovations served as a reminder of its once occupation by the Rebel Alliance. Evidence lingered through out the temple: the scuffs on the walls and floors, the once bustling war room, now a training and storage area, the underground hangars long forgotten, the catacombs beneath them even more so. The old lift groaned as the Ben and Hulei switched it on, cranking the lever up. The air moved around them as the open-air elevator ascended, surprisingly fast for its age. The maintenance droids had recently made repairs on the cords, restoring the lift to its original speed. Jolting to a halt they got out and were met with the rest of the students and their master in a large, open space. The top floor of the temple: The Grand Audience Chamber. It was here that Ben’s mother gave his father, uncle, and the others their medals of honor after the heroic Battle of Yavin when the first Death Star was destroyed. Now it was a teaching chamber. The thirty-seven students had more than enough room to occupy the space. At the end of the worn stone chamber his Master sat, waiting. Luke gave Ben a familiar look. A look of doubt; a look of suspicion. Ben had taken to mediating by himself in the jungle the last few months, away from prying eyes. His master’s intuitions weren’t wrong and his suspicions valid, only Luke didn’t know that. That in a sense he was no longer a master to Ben. The drift between them had grown more steadily over the years and recently it had become impossible to breach. A divide that split them. Luke didn’t know how far his uncertainties with Ben had damage their relationship. How soon it would come to haunt him… Luke broke their gaze to sweep across the room, his pupils patiently waiting. “Now that we are all here, let us begin.” ___________________ Ben was deep in mediation. He had been trying to reconnect with the mysterious stranger for over a week now. After telling his new master about his experience, he was told to focus on this and find out who it was. As powerful as Ben was, dreams and visions weren’t to be taken lightly. This person could be a key ally… or an enemy. It was his responsibility to discover their identity. A soft sound caused him to lose trance. He puffed out an exasperated sigh. Who was it now? He turned to look behind him to see a young girl, around the age of four sitting behind him, mimicking his mediation pose, her eyes closed. He felt his annoyance wane. “What are you doing out here? Aren’t you suppose to helping Master Luke by doing your chores?” The girl opened one hazel eye as she shrugged, frowning, “I don’t want to right now. I want to mediate with you.” Ben felt himself smirk. She was just as bad as he once was… “Well… fine. First step is getting your posture and breathing right. But you already know that. Do you feel at ease?” “Yes,” the girl squeaked. “Right. Now focus.” “On what?” “Anything.” The girl gave a huge exhale, “that’s so hard though! I can’t pick one thing.” So full of energy as always… Ben thought. “Focus on the energy you feel around you.” They both corrected themselves, moving back into form. “Do you feel the pulse of life in the jungle?” Ben asked the girl. “Yes…” “Look deeper. Feel the energy of the jungle around you. Let it guide you…” And then there was silence. Finally. Ben again reached out. He felt the Force’s energy move through him and soon after he felt disorientated. Opening his eyes he found himself in a familiar setting. It was still out of focus. It was bright. He could hear movement of many people in the distance. Talking. A cheer. They were celebrating… A figured moved before him. Only this time, they were in focus, as if they we standing next to each other. The face of a young woman with long brown hair. Her light eyes had a look of apprehension as she studied his face, she stood as if on edge. Ben opened his mouth to speak but was cut short. As quickly as the vision had returned, it vanished. Ben tried desperately to hold onto it. He had to find out more. Who was she? What was her purpose? His Master would want more than a face; he had to find out more. Come on, come on. Focus! “I can’t do this! I just can’t. I’ll never be able to do it,” the young girl’s voice brought him back to the present. Ben took a moment to regain his thoughts. He stood up and looked down at her as she stood up to join him. “Yes, you will. You have to have practice. Now go do your chores, Rey.” Rey frowned but gave in. “Okay,” she gave his leg a hug before rushing away. “Bye, Ben!” ___________________ Ben jerked awake. The others around him were steadily sleeping, their breathing soft. Trying to steady his own breath, he threw off his light-weight blanket, his body damp with sweat. He quietly got up, grabbing his boots and heading out of the room. He made his way down the worn steps to the main level, heading outside. The moon was high, the night quiet, the air heavy with moisture. The wet season was about to start. He sat down at the base of the entrance, trying to unscramble his racing mind. His new master, Snoke, had come again to him in his dreams. The plan was set. It would be carried out a week from now. Ben felt nauseous, so sick he felt he could barely breath. He didn’t know if he could do it. He didn’t let Snoke know this, though he suspected that his master was aware of his conflict. Ben had always felt himself to possess a great destiny, but was this truly how he would fulfill it? By betraying his peers? His family? His wise new master had reassured him that this was the way. That they weren’t his friends, they weren’t his family. They were holding him back from realizing his potential. Was it not his own father and mother who had never seemed to have enough time for him, as if he was nothing but a burden? His father who looked at him as if he could explode at any minute. Who went on jobs so frequently, he would be gone for months at a time. His mother, too busy in politics to actually be present, letting droids and friends raise and teach him. His own mother, who, even as she defended him, gave up, giving him to his uncle “to learn”. His uncle, who never fully trusted him. Who always ignored the good and focused on the bad. Perhaps he was destined for this, his family’s reasoning for him as a time bomb correct. They never loved him. They never will. Nothing but empty words of affection. He didn’t need them. He would prove them all wrong. They hid his heritage from him. His birthright . Out of fear. Out of cowardice. Out of cruel irrational judgement. A judgement Ben had felt all his life. But his new master had shown him his destiny. That he could finish the work that his grandfather had started. A man who could bring order to a galaxy in chaos. A man with ambition, with purpose, with power. Ben clenched his hands into fists as he felt his power rising. This was his destiny and his alone. His family had betrayed him. They pushed him to the edge… and now he would jump. ___________________ Ben stared at the ceiling, waiting for sleep to come. Luke had noticed Ben’s distance, saw the deep bags under his eyes, the burns on his hands from clumsy training. He had approached him earlier that evening. “Is everything alright, Ben? Is something troubling you?” “Not at all.” Luke had just stared at him. Assessing. Trying to figure him out. Luke would never reach into his mind. That was the way of the Jedi: to respect that boundary. Ben remembered seeing the conflict in his eyes. “Alright.” He had walked away. Dismissed Ben like he always had. Never wanting to get close. He taught his students that fear was a natural reaction but that it must be controlled or else it had the potential to control you, bringing you closer to the dark side. Ben could feel his fear, as faint as it was. As it had always been. He couldn’t sleep. It was only three days away. He felt his insides clench. The ball of nerves that had steadily grown since Snoke had told him the plan. Every time he closed his eyes he heard Snoke’s voice. Trying to reach him. To reassure him that this was the way. To silence his conflicting thoughts. His weakness. In the beginning, when Snoke had first contacted him, it was in his dreams. As a young boy, Ben thought them to be nightmares. They held such darkness. It terrified him. His mother would bring him into her bed and sooth him back to sleep, silencing the voice. As the voice grew stronger and more frequent, invading his conscious hours, he felt himself helpless. Helpless to stop it. To stop what the voice was turning him into. The awful things it had said. He couldn’t sleep. He’s couldn’t find peace. Snoke haunted his days; his very being. His mother didn’t understand. She told him that nightmares are common for children. That it was simply a manifestation of some fear he held in reality. But this felt too real. He felt violated. He felt as if he couldn’t trust himself, slipping into a darkness he could never escape. Then the voice told him secrets. Things his family kept from him. That they were jealous of his potential and that they wanted to hide it from him. His own ancestry, concealed from him. Treated like a black stain that was never to be spoken of. The voice had shown him true meaning, accepted him for who he was, and sought to help him seek his heart’s desires: to belong; to grow; to control. These desires his family would never understand for they thought themselves too high up to possibly understand his desperation to belong, to contribute to history, and live up to the universe’s expectations of him. So he listened to the voice. Listened to his new master who would show him the way. The darkness grew in his mind and he had let it. Let it slowly spread. But the light that was always there nagged at him. Tapping, incessantly tapping, to let him know it was still there. He tried to stop it, but even with the training from Snoke, even when he thought he had defeated it, he could feel it creeping back. In turn, Snoke would show him the power of the dark side, temporarily banishing the light. His family saw what he could become, that the voice was real and a threat. That Snoke had taken their child when they had turned a blind eye. It was their own vault. For not believing in him. But he believed in himself, in his destiny, and that he alone could pave his path. He felt his mind reach stillness once more finding peace in his resolve. He let his eyes drift shut, his mind emptying into a void. He felt a presence… only it wasn’t his master again. It was calming. It felt warm. Like his mother’s hugs once were when he was a small boy. As he felt himself finally sinking into sleep, he heard a voice. A stranger’s voice. It called to him, though he couldn’t make it out. He felt himself slip from consciousness moments later. ___________________ Ben felt heavy. Weighed down by his new robes, the rain that drenched them making them even more burdensome. He felt like a stranger in his own body. This stranger was to be his future. The helmet on his head made the world darker. He felt more alone then ever. “We follow this path to the temple. They will be there. Leave the master to me,” as he spoke he heard the strange mechanical crackle that distorted his voice through the helmet. It was foreign. Cold. Inhuman. The temple was quiet as they made their way in. The sound of the downpour outside echoed on the chamber walls. Ben lead them upstairs, to the upper floors, where the oldest students slept. They would put up the most fight. As the doors swung open to the sleeping quarters, he powered on his lightsaber. Not the one from the academy. This lightsaber, a damaged, unstable crystal that glowed red, was held together by a crudely constructed hilt. Snoke had the crystal stowed away for safe keeping. He taught Ben how to construct the saber; an ancient design of the sith. It had taken Ben many months to secretly find the right pieces, melt them down, and mold them together. The vents that he installed helped stabilize the weapon, creating a cross guard in the process. Ben had burned himself numerous times while self-training with the new lightsaber that he had to purposely make sure his hands got burned in training to stop any questions forming from suspicious burns. The ominous, unsteady hum of the weapon filled the chamber. Some woke up immediately. A few grabbed their sabers, yelling for the others to awaken. “You stay with me,” he gestured to his fellow knight. He turned to the rest, “you, take the others and go to the lower floors. If any run out of the temple, hunt them down. You know your orders.” Ben turned and swung his saber as one of his peers engaged him. He could feel his power pulsing through him as strongly as the blade he wielded. He could feel the intensity of the cross blade’s heat beneath his gloves. He quickly disarmed the boy, dispatching him easily. It took only minutes for half of the students to fall. “C’mon!” he heard a yell behind him, “We have to protect the younglings!” A group of students were running out the door, heading to the lower floors. Ben turned, addressing the knight beside him, “Go. I’ll take care of the rest.” He was left with a group of three students, all with their blades at the ready. They rushed him. They spun as their sabers hit with a crackle, the students working together to attack him at all sides. It was a method they had studied in group training; Ben anticipated their moves, countering them lazily. He drove one boy back, the boy tripping over a fallen body. No faster had the boy stumbled he was quickly cut down. The other two pushed harder. Desperation and anger fueling them. The three blades were hitting each other with a fervor that burned as hot as their sabers. One blocked too openly and that was the end. Ben turned to face the last student. They stopped and stared at one another. Ben could feel the fear that flooded the boy in front of him. He tried in vain to look determined. “So brave…” Ben mocked. “Aagh!” The boy ran straight at him, his frustration and anger blinding him, making him vulnerable. All it took was a swing to disarm him, taking his arm off. The boy screamed in pain dropping to his knees. One quick blow, and he lay down beside the others. The chamber was plunged into silence. In the distance, he could hear screaming. Chaos had unfolded. With one last look, Ben stormed out of the chamber, making his way down the hall, to where Luke would be. He burned through the door, breaking it apart. The room was empty. He wasn’t here. Ben yelled in frustration as he turned to make his way to the lower floors. “Stop! Don’t move!” Ben smiled through his mask. He turned to face Luke, whose lightsaber hummed as he held it it en guard. “I demand you call off the attack. You’re their leader, aren’t you.” “Yes.” For the third time that night Ben felt his power grow stronger as he let his hate overtake him. “Call off the attack.” Luke demanded again. Ben swung his lightsaber across his body, rooting his stance. His uncle steadied his saber. They circled, sizing each other up. Luke brought his saber up first, bouncing it off of Ben’s counter, sending a shower of sparks tumbling around them. Ben feigned left and jabbed right but Luke easily spun out of the way, bringing his lightsaber down. Ben ducked to the left, bringing his saber up as Luke jumped back and swung his saber wide, perpendicular to his body. Ben angled his saber down with a block. Luke edged back against the wall as Ben aimed a blow sideways. Luke ducked, rolling out of the way before turning back. “You fight better than I would have guessed for someone untrained.” Luke jabbed. “I am trained. More than you ever realized.” Ben watched as his uncle struggled to grasp the meaning behind his words but was cut short as Ben brought his saber up. Luke’s saber met Ben’s, the blades connecting. Each pushed against the other, the heat of the blades radiating, their combined light reflecting off Ben’s mask. “Do you hear their screams? You’ve failed them. You’ve failed them all.” Ben spat through the mask. “Who… are you?” Luke grunted, struggling. “I’m what you’ve always feared. You pushed me away. You all did. And now I’ll become even more powerful than you.” Luke narrowed his eyes, trying to figure out who was under the mask. Ben could feel him reaching out in the Force, trying to search for recognition. Ben let him through. Letting him feel what he felt. Betrayal. Confusion. Misery. Anger. Uncontrollable anger. The power of the dark side. Under all the emotion Luke felt Ben’s familiar presence. Ben watched as his uncle’s face dropped. “What have you done…?” Ben felt his uncle’s force behind his saber fade slightly. “It hurts doesn’t it? To be betrayed by your own family,” Ben whispered, his voice quivering, “ by your own blood. ” Luke grimaced and pushed Ben away roughly, his lightsaber hanging at his side. He shook his head in disbelief. “How could you? You led these murderers into our temple, into our home, to attack—“ “This isn’t my home!” his mechanical voice rung out in the empty corridor, “It never was… And I killed them. Slaughtered them.” Luke face shattered. He closed his eyes briefly, taking in a breath. “What have you become, Ben?” “What you, my father, and my mother, never let me be. This is my potential. My future. My destiny.” His uncle stared up at him, still at a loss, before whispering, “you’re going to kill me then, yes?” Ben chuckled, “No. Not yet. I want you to see what you’ve done. I want you to feel what I’ve felt. To be betrayed. To be utterly alone,” Ben slowly walked towards him, pointing his light saber at Luke, “with no one to blame but yourself.” Luke started forward but Ben Force-pushed him back into the wall. There was audible crack as his head made contact with wall behind him. He collapsed as Ben crouched down. He reached into his old master’s mind, searching, for the last one. He’d known that as soon as his uncle had figured out what was happening, he’d hide her. Luke stirred again and quickly shut his mind, but it was too late. Ben had seen her location. Pocketing Luke’s saber he turned to the other knights that had gathered in the corridor. The temple now eerily silent. “Sweep the entire temple. Check everyone. Grab every lightsaber. I’ve told you where the extras are being stored. Gather them and put them on board. Then give one final sweep to check for survivors.” The knights nodded in unison before dispersing. “Those men…” Luke’s pitiful voice sounded behind him, weary and soft, “won’t ever accept you. They’ll only fear you.” “Those men will follow me!” Ben bent back down, his helmet inches from Luke’s face, “I am the Master of the Knights of Ren.” “Ben, please… This isn’t you. Remember your training… the light…” “The light means nothing to me. It never has. It was never my true calling.” “That… That’s not true. Your mother and I could sense—“ “You and my mother were always afraid. Afraid of what I could become. Funny, that you were right.” “Ben—“ “Goodbye, my old master,” Ben said as he slammed Luke’s head back against the wall, knocking him unconscious. ___________________ He could sense it. The fear. It was overpowering. The silence around him suggested he was alone, but he could sense another. Luke had taken her to catacombs beneath the earth. The red light of his saber guided him through the narrow passageways. The walls oozed with water, the air heavy and damp. Even through his helmet he could smell the strong stench of mildew. Turning a corner he reached another dead end, only this time he had found his target. Pressed against the corner, she opened her mouth in a silent scream, her eyes filled with terror. Ben held his lightsaber at his side, the hum of it echoing against the stone. Rey kept darting her eyes between his helmet and his lightsaber. He swung his arm up, the saber hissing as drops of water fell upon it, the sound of it cutting through the air, Rey screamed, closing her eyes. She opened them after a moment, the serrated edge of the blade inches from her face. She looked up at him and he at her. They stood in silence for what seemed an eternity. He couldn’t do it. And it angered him. Snoke had been right. He was weak. He needed — no had to — kill this girl in front of him. This would be his old master’s undoing. It would forever haunt him. All he had to do was swing the blade one last time… and it would be over. He could move on. But the small child before him, crouched and terrified, was filled with light. He’d know it all along. And he’d let her in. Very cautiously, but more than anyone else. He let himself get close to her even after Snoke had told him, warned him, not to. That this girl would be his weakness. That his family would be his downfall. He was so blinded by hate for the rest of them that he had forgotten to turn his back on the youngest of them. His cousin. The only one who showed him sincere love. Who would be heartbroken if she knew who was really under the mask. He lowered his saber, his mind racing. He knew what he had to do. “Come. Follow me. Now.” ___________________ The old hangar of the Rebel base was long abandoned. It did however still house a few ships. An old battered X-Wing and a few small cargo freighters. Ben made his way unto the better looking one out of the group of old freighters. The inside was covered thick with dust. “Get in the chair and strap in.” “No.” Ben turned around, thankful his helmet masked his surprise. “Where’s my father? Where are the others?” “You father is gone. And so are the others. You’re alone and helpless and will do as I say.” The girl moved, fast, darting off the ship. Ben turned and ran after her. He caught her in a corner, his lightsaber pointed at her chest, Tears were streaming down her face. “This is for your own good.” With a wave of his hand she fell to the floor, unconscious. After strapping her in, Ben started up the freighter. Sure enough it hummed to life. He accessed the auto-pilot, punching in a set of coordinates. A light blinked, signaling take-off. He looked over to the passenger seat where his cousin sat unconscious. He didn’t know if this would work, if he could save her. But this was the only way he could without revealing to his new master what he had done… or what he had failed to do. This was the only way she could survive undetected. He pressed the button to close the hatch as he felt the craft slowly lift. With one last glance at Rey, he leapt from the craft, a soft thud sounded as he hit the ferrocrete below him. He held up a hand, reaching, using the Force, focusing on the lever that opened the launch bay doors. They creaked open, years of debris falling as they did so. Ben watched as the freighter rose higher before it slowly ascended into the night. ___________________ “Sir, we’ve recovered all the artifacts. They are on board and we are ready to depart,” The Knight’s muffled voice spoke to Ben as he stood outside the temple, the rain still falling heavily around them. The ground around him was littered with bodies, the sickening smell of damp earth mixed with the sharp tang of blood. He tried his best to keep his eyes trained on the sky. Just then, movement caught their attention. They all looked up as an old freighter ship made its way into the atmosphere. “It seems they had a ship…” Ben thought out loud before turning to his men, “Go. Return to the Master. I will take care of this.” He didn’t give them time to respond before rushing back towards the hangar. ___________________ The old X-Wing rumbled and vibrated around him. He accelerated and quickly shot out of the hangar and up into the sky. He saw the freighter ahead pass through the atmosphere. Ben felt the pressure building. An alarm sounded. He frantically looked over the controls. He may have learned a thing or two about ships and their workings from his early days with his father, and he flipped a switch. The hull instantly regained a stable pressure and with a jolt, he broke the atmosphere, just in time to watch the freighter go to light speed. He set his own course and the stars around him become nothing but blurs as he launch to light speed. ___________________ Jakku Western Reaches Inner Rim A short while later he dropped out of light speed. The desolate planet he had thought of appeared. Following the trajectory path, he entered the planet’s atmosphere. The advantage of a desert world was that he could easily spy the freighter that landed in the drifting sands below. Touching down he made his way over the ship. The heat of the planet clung to him, stifling him. He wanted to take off his helmet but resisted. He found Rey where he had left her, still unconscious. He took the pilot’s seat, and set a new course, looking for signs of life. After awhile he saw it. A small outpost, a cluster of stalls and huts set against the red sand. This must be the Niima Outpost. His father had told him long ago stories about this place, how it was filled to brim with desperate characters and scum. Nothing good ever came out of this planet, he said. Jakku was nothing but dirt and sand, choking the life out of its meager population. He found the main complex, the largest tent. Alien and human alike were working, scrubbing, melting, haggling, and moving about in a frenzy only those with no where to go can. As he entered, most stopped their work, a silence settling over the tent. He looked around, addressing the crowd, “I’m here to see a man by the name of Plutt.” He couldn’t for the life of him remember the man’s first name, but he remember his father would sometime curse the name “Plutt” when things went wrong while working on the Falcon. “You mean Unkar Plutt?” “Yes. Take me to him.” The man looked apprehensive but swiftly led Ben out of the tent and around back to a smaller, more grandiose one. He signaled for him to wait outside. He could make out voices through the thin fabric walls. “Sir, there is someone here to see you— I don’t know him. He’s strange. And—“ The conversation was cut short as Ben stormed into the tent, letting the man known as Unkar Plutt size him up. The dirty Crolute man stood up. “How dare you walk in—“ Ben cut him short, “I have something for you. It would help your operation.” Unkar paused, looking him up and down and gave a grunt, “and what would that be?” “A new worker. Young, no attachments, free to mold for your purpose.” Unkar rumbled with laughter, “I have all the workers I need.” “The girl—“ Ben was interrupted before he could finish. “A girl? Oh, now you’re really trying to sell me some junk.” Ben felt his jaw clench. A breeze rustled behind him as the tent entrance was opened. Two of what looked to be Plutt’s goons moved in behind him. Fools… “You will do what I say.” Ben commanded. “Oh, really? Look. I don’t know who you are. You’re clearly not from here so let’s get this straight. I run this Outpost and everyone in it. I own the largest shipyard on the planet. And I have plenty of workers. So get lost.” Ben took his lightsaber from his belt, igniting the blade. He watched with satisfaction as the Crolute gasped and stumbled back, tripping over a low table. The two men behind him sprang. In seconds the guards were at his feet, the smell of burnt flesh filling the air. He strode over to where Unkar cowered. “No! Please! I’ll take her. Free of payment. Just…” Ben crouched down beside him. “You will protect the girl until her family comes back to get her. You will provide for her until she can properly work. You will tell no one of me or this encounter or where the girl came from. Is this understood?” “Who… who are you?” Unkar asked hoarsely. Ben just stood and made his way towards the entrance, stepping over the still bodies crumpled on the floor. He paused before leaving, turning his head slightly to address Plutt. “If you fail any of those demands, I will come, and I will destroy this entire outpost and leave you for dead. Is that clear?” “Yes…” Unkar whispered. “The girl is in my ship. Come get her in fifteen minutes.” ___________________ Ben opened the ship’s hatch to find Rey still silent. He shook her awake. She instantly began to fight. “Stop. Rey… it’s me.” Rey froze as Ben took off the helmet, the air cooling his damp face. He kneeled next to her. She just stared. Speechless and confused. Lifting his hand, Ben pushed into her mind with closed eyes, re-living the last few hours through her distorted memories. He took a deep breath focusing on them. In the time it took for him to rifle though her mind, he felt it give and bend to his will, her memories repressing until they were no more. When he opened his eyes her gaze was blank. She blinked, looking around, “Who are you?” Ben swallowed. He had done it. Her past memories gone, her future ones all that she would have. “I’m bringing you to your new home.” Ben stood up, opening the hatch once more, replacing his helmet. “What do you mean my new home? Where was I before? Where is… where is my family?” “They will come back to get you,” he lied. “But I don’t understand—“ Ben saw Unkar Plutt making his way through the sand, alone, approaching the ship. “Come. It’s time.” He pulled Rey out of her chair, towards the hatch. “This is the girl, Rey.” Ben addressed Unkar, who looked sour as he glanced down at Rey. “Remember our agreement.” Ben threatened as he boarded the ship. As the door closed he could hear them. “Come on, girl.” Unkar growled. “No! Wait! Come back!” Rey yelled as Ben lifted the freighter up. He punched in the coordinates and blocked out of the voices as he speed off into the atmosphere. ___________________ Starkiller Base (non-operational) Unknown Regions Kneeling on the cold and glossy, dark floor Ben kept his head down as he heard the eerie voice address him. “The other Knights reported in. Most were dispatched and the sabers taken…” Ben sensed something sinister in his Master’s voice. He swallowed hard under his helmet, sweat dripping down his neck. Surely he had composed himself enough to keep his Master from discovering what he had done? And the others couldn’t have known… “However…” Snoke’s voice was threatening low, his menace bleeding through, “Skywalker escaped. I told you to kill him. So I ask now, why is he still alive?” “M-Master, I felt it would be enough of a blow that all his students and his daughter–“ “Enough?!” Ben flinched as Snoke’s voice boomed, echoing on the walls around him, “due to your mistake, we are vulnerable. Skywalker is now the last Jedi and a threat.” “I took his saber—“ Ben stammered. The laughter that came from Snoke was merciless and made Ben’s skin crawl. “He can make another, boy.” “Master, I will find him and finish the job. My mistakes will not go in vain. I will use your teachings to defeat him.” Snoke was quiet; assessing. Ben finally had the courage to look up. A hologram flickered in front of him, the image superimposed, larger than life, nearly ten times larger than himself. Despite the intimating height it still showed the age of the man that took form, his sunken face and twisted jaw set in wrinkles deep as jagged canyons. “Despite your… miscalculation you have preformed well. Better than I expected. It must have been hard for you… but you succeeded, led the others and made quite a blow against our enemy,” the pause that stretched before them became unbearable for Ben, “it is time for you to become the man you were destined to be… Now, rise, Kylo Ren." Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Village of Pal’qui District of Toculva Amerell Inner Core 21 ABY She was unbearably excited. The weight of it heavy on her chest, yet she felt so full of energy she may very well explode. It was Amira Cai’del’s twelfth birthday; her Independence Day. School had been particularly hard that day. She thanked the spirits that it was lunchtime. Her lunch growing colder on her desk, her friend Odala Loren rolled her brown eyes for the umpteenth time that day, leaning across her own desk to Amira’s. “If you flunk out of school, what good will you be to your family then even if you are of age…” Her cynical yet kind friend kept up her light-hearted teasing. “Even of age, she won’t be much better,” a haughty voice drawled behind them. When Odala wasn’t the one teasing Amira, it was Thad Korall, all tough and proud for show with a nasty smirk and an infuriating arrogance. She never did quite understand what made him popular with her schoolmates. Maybe it was that his father represented her district of Toculva on the Council of Seven in Iltheria (“I’m practically royalty” he always said). Amira tried her best to ignore his snobbish, half-witted conversation. She knew if she didn’t accept Thad she would face estrangement from her classmates. “I didn’t know it was your Independence Day,” a fellow classmate chimed in. “Do you know your apprenticeship focus yet?” A younger boy asked, “when I’m independent I’m going to Edone to studying mining. All the men in my family become miners.” “Cave rat,” leave it to Thad for name calling. “Knock it off, Thad. If it weren’t for the miners, we wouldn’t get our crystals.” Odala was the only one of the group who could talk back to Thad. She absentmindedly touched her right ear, the crystal hanging there reflecting light as she did so. “Is it true you’re leaving Odala? Heard you might be going to Dol’Hom.” “Who? Me?” Odala sat back in her chair, “no way! I’m staying right here.” Amira could hear how ardently her friend’s voice was, always trying to prove herself and her family to the village. “I thought maybe you’d be going to Nal’Com. Isn’t that where your great grandfather came from?” An older boy asked, his tone implying disrespect. The abrupt noise of a chair being scooted back caused everyone to turn. “What’d you say?” Odala had the boy by the front of his shirt. The boy was almost a foot taller than her. Amira saw Odala’s hand clenched at her side. She was working up a punch. “Excuse me. What is going on here?” It was the teacher. Everyone shuffled back to their desks as lunch came to an end. After her long walk home from school, her brother, Desaquin, was waiting for her at the door, Amira’s excitement had peaked to where she no longer could find words. She couldn’t sit still and felt as if she could unexpectedly float away. Sitting near the window, she watched as far to the east the sun was beginning to descend below Eyraan’s Watch, the highest peak of the Edonian Mountains. Her father would be coming home soon, which meant Amira would finally get her gift. All children of Amerell partake in the tradition of independence. Once a child reaches the age of twelve they become independent. As a token of this, the child is given precious gift. It is customary for the father, who acts as the head of household, to give the gift on the child’s twelfth birthday. While temporarily remaining in the household, the child then chooses an area of expertise to study. This apprenticeship is either carried out in their own district or some choose to go to boarding school’s in other districts to study. Amira had yet to decide on what she wanted to learn. She has watched many of her older classmates leave to study far away, eager to leave Pal’qui, their village, behind. She had heard the adults voicing their concerns for preserving their traditions and Amira felt pressured to stay behind. All that her mother had taught her would be wasted if she left Tolculva for another district. She wondered yet again how her father would choose to encase it. Would it be a necklace like her mother’s? Maybe a bracelet. She didn’t have her ear pierced so she had successfully ruled out an earring. Her family couldn’t afford a hair ornament in silver or gold as she had seen once on the wealthy girls when she visited the bustling business district of Dol’Hom. Maybe it would be a woven hair ornament, though she secretly hoped against it as she didn’t care much for headpieces. Deep in thought, Amira jumped at the sound of her mother’s voice. “Your father should be home soon. Are you excited?” Amira turned and smiled brightly, nodding briefly before turning back to the window sill, the nightly breeze came down from the slopes of the Ollothan forest and whispered through the trees in the backyard. She could hear children a few huts down playing. The sound of the village elder’s chickens settling down for night gave Amira more excitement, her heart fluttering in her throat. It was very near this time of night, once the sun had dipped below the horizon, casting the sky with a light pink hue, that her father would walk through the door, which she now turned to look at, the breeze making the woven screen covering the entryway sway back and forth lazily. The house was quiet, her brother Desaquin, the ever busy two-year-old, was asleep for the night in the bedroom. Her mother was at the large, ancestral, carved, wooden table which divided the main room. She had a bowl ready to be filled with stew for Amira’s father. She could hear the bubbling of the pot over the fire; the savory smell of the season’s fresh herbs made Amira’s stomach rumble so loudly she was sure her mother could hear it. “Would you like some?” Her mother asked. “I’ll wait for father.” Truth was, Amira was far too worked up to stomach anything. “Well then, come over here and help me.” Amira gladly obliged the distraction as her belly gave another growl. Her mother was in the process of preparing freshly-dried plants on the table for extraction. She gestured to a pile of dried flowers. “Grind those for me.” Amira sat across the table, the milky reddish-brown stone mortar and pestle sat in front of her, worn down from years of use. Adding small bunches at a time, she began the repetitive and familiar motion of grinding down the dried petals to a fine powder. The pungent, bitter smell of the crushed flowers hit her nose, making her wrinkle it. Her mother noticed and laughed. “You never could stand the smell of Roldish. And what do we use the flowers of the Roldish plant for?” Amira instantly recognized her mother was testing her, as she did often while they worked, mixing conversation with learning. The answer came to Amira immediately. “It is used as one of many to reduce a fever, but it is the most effective.” “Very good.” Her mother paused and studied her face, causing Amira to stop her work and look up. The sudden serious expression her mother wore made her uneasy. “You know, your father and I have told you we’d be happy to send you to a different district to do your apprenticeship. Are you sure this is what you’d like to do?” “Yes. I mean... I can’t imagine doing other things. Besides, I like doing this and I know it pretty well, better than most subjects at school,” Amira smiled. “If it’s what you want. You still have the rest of this school term to decide, you know.” “I know. I don’t think I’ll change my mind, mother. I want to work with you. Then, I could stay here with you, and father, and Desaquin.” Her mother gave her a smile, “I know at your age, sometimes you’re afraid-” Amira opened her mouth to object, her mother kept going, raising her inflection slightly, “-of leaving home, or perhaps you don’t want to for another reason...Think about the other places you could go. You could go to Dol’Hom, like your father, start a new business if you’d like there. Who knows, you could even end up like the Callenu’s boy, serving under the monarchy in Illtheria.” Amira made a face, “I hate politics...” “The point is Amira, you can’t let family hold you back. You can’t truly know your heart’s desires until you’ve ventured away. There’s the entire galaxy for you to explore. You’re most open for discovery when you are exposed, in an unfamiliar place.” “But Mama, I don’t want to change. This is my home, that’ll never change.” “I just want you to remember, no matter how far away you go- to Illtheria or to Coruscant- we will be here for you. Waiting to hear of your adventures. No matter what.” Amira gave a weary smile. Her family meant everything to her. Toculva was her home. She couldn’t imagine leaving Amerell. Going off-world seemed impossible. No matter the hardships and poverty-stricken conditions her family faced, they had each other. Her friends were here. The mud walls of her family’s hut, the first snow fall that came down from the Edonian Mountains; the smell of the blooming flowers in the Elusian Fields of Corpora; the peaceful grinding of herbs in the evening with her mother; the stillness of the Ollothan’s tall forest, and the festivals to the spirits; how could she leave it all behind? She didn’t think she could. The sun had set long ago, and Amira and her mother had finished all the work that could be done with the herbs. The fire had died down some, the remaining coals glowing dimmer and dimmer. Amira was given a bowl of stew to eat, but it had long gone cold. The quiet calls of the night insects could be heard, the air heavy with moisture. The first of the summer’s rain was on its’ way. “Your father must have been held up at work again.” Amira knew better. Her mother kept her voice light and airy, but she could tell when her mother was avoiding the truth. It was true that her father had begun to come home later and later recently. Mother assured Amira everything was fine, but Amira knew she was lying. She heard their quiet arguments in the main room at night, when she lay in the bedroom, snuggled up next to her brother under their light, woven blanket. It was nearly midnight when they heard the rumble of her father’s ancient speeder bike. At last her father was home! She heard the engine cut, the customary two clunks deemed it so. Her father’s heavy footsteps coming around the side of the hut, the slight disturbance of the screen as he pushed against it. Finally! Her very own gift of independence. She couldn’t wait to show Odala, and rub it in Thad’s face that she got hers months before he would. Amira saw the look on her father’s face and knew something was wrong. His face was drawn, he looked weary and troubled. Amira went over nevertheless and gave him a hug around the middle. Surely, no matter the trouble, he remembered her most important birthday. He smiled tightly to her, his eyes showed a sadness and without another word, he headed to the bedroom. Her mother followed. Amira could hear their voices, quiet as to not wake her brother, yet forceful. Another argument. Only this time she knew exactly what it was about. She stared at the fire. He forgot. He didn’t prepare her gift. She wasn’t getting it. Her stomach twisted in knots and her heart began to beat a little faster. She felt the bite of disappointment so great she wanted to scream. She would have to face her classmates tomorrow as the same girl. The girl without independence. Hot tears began to well up, her view of the fire becoming blurry. Just as Amira thought about running out the door, she heard the voices stop, her mother reappeared, her face tight, her eyes full of emotion. “He forgot,” Amira stated the obvious as she avoided her mother’s gaze. “He did. But I did not.” Amira turned to looked at her mother as she came over to where Amira sat, kneeling down in front of her. “Happy birthday, my daughter. You’ve earned your independence.” Her mother opened her palm and Amira looked down. In it was a thumbnail-sized crystal. The beauty and clear depth of it shone bright as the light of the fire caught it. Her very own Ambestine crystal. Her independence in all its’ physical, radiate glory. But Amira knew the gift would never truly be right. For one, it should have been her father giving the gift, and second, Amira recognized the familiarity of the crystal immediately. It was her mother’s. Her mother read the expression on Amira’s face, “I’m sorry it couldn’t be unique and your own from the start. But I want you to have this. In time, I hope you will make your own.” Amira took the crystal necklace from her mother and felt the heat of it match the tears which had begun to fall. Her mother embraced her. “I know it breaks tradition but I know you’ll cherish it the same.” Amira hugged her mother tighter, letting her tears flow freely, grasping the crystal so firmly, her hand was hot with its’ warmth. “Mother...” Amira began, her voice but a whisper, “do you think — ” “ Amira.” Amira jumped and blinked rapidly, the memory slowly fading to the back of her mind. She looked around to see her classmates staring at her. She felt a nudge on her left arm and turned to look at Odala who jerked her head to the front of the room. Amira turned her head and saw her teacher standing at the front, waiting. “What...?” Amira managed to say quietly, her mind still adjusting. “What year was the 60 Year Conflict between Alderaan, the Monarchy of the Amerell, and the Qui’al resolved.” “Uh, 10 BBY.” “Correct. Try to stay with us, Amira.” “Yes, ma’am.” Amira put her head down with embarrassment as class continued on. A few hours later with the sun high, Amira, Odala, and Thad made their journey back home from school. “You should have seen your face. You looked like a Kantan who realized it lost its herd.” Amira grimaced. She didn’t like to compared with livestock, especially when that comparison came from Thad. With school done, the timing came just in time for the week’s end. The Aryt’al was tomorrow and Amira was eager to celebrate. “Did you know that this year marks the 3000th Aryt’al.” “Who cares?” Amira had to hold back her tongue against Thad’s comment. “Oh yeah! I forgot. I wonder if the festival will be any different, you know, like something special, something big, ” Odala said. “I haven’t heard anything,” Thad said, his false sense of elitism creeping into his voice, “my father hasn’t said anything about it.” Amira couldn’t resist, “How would he know ? It’s not like this is a global festival. It’s only in Toculva.” “ My father happens to be an important figure and is close with The Elders, so actually, he would know.” Amira quickly looked away, feinting embarrassment when instead her annoyance had peaked and she clenched a fist at her side to stop herself. Odala ignored the tension that had settled between the two, “my neighbor helps out with the festival preparations too and they haven’t said anything to my family about it so I guess it will be the same as usual.” “Yeah. Lame, as usual,” Thad droned. Amira focused on the fields of cally that were beginning to grow tall, their bright blue stems reaching higher for the sun, the leaves almost as big as Amira’s hand. She could see a herd of Kantan in the distance, their shrill wails the common sound of Corpora. Here life centered around agriculture and Amira had always found it calm, even calmer than her own district’s demure way of life. In the summer, though, it seemed even slower, almost lazy. The haze of the sun above was bearing down on them, as they trekked down the worn dirt path, cracked from the heat and lack of rain. She remembered hearing one of her classmates mention an impeding drought. She looked at the crops, laid out as far as the eye could see on both sides of the path and felt a pang of concern for the people of Corpora. The crops and animals were their source of livelihood; without them they would suffer. She closed her eye for the briefest of moments to send word to the spirits. Maybe they would listen and bring relief. “Are you finished plucking those?” Amira’s mother asked. Amira gathered the white, brown-speckled leaves and pushed the pile across the wooden table, taking care to grab any stray leaves that managed to get stuck in the deep grooves of the wood grain. The familiar sounds of their work filled the silent room: her mother’s grinding in the mortar and pestle, the small pluck, monotonous as Amira continued her work at pruning the leaves from their stems, and outside, the soft, melodic sound of the wind chimes stirred in harmony. Desaquin would be waking up from a nap at any moment. A knock at the door interrupted the quiet atmosphere. Amira went to the doorway and recognized the blonde peeking between the slats of the woven curtain. “You coming?” Odala asked. Amira looked over to her mother and her unfinished work, hopeful. “Go ahead. Just be home before sundown.” Amira gave her mother a smile before flipping up the door screen and joining her friend outside the hut. Odala gestured to the bow and quiver set beside the door, “you’ll want to bring those. Thad has a new course ready for us. Can’t wait to fail that one too…” Amira smiled at her friend’s overly-exaggerated sarcastic look. Grabbing the worn archery set that had belonged to her father, they set out towards the edge of the village. The Ollothan loomed ahead, the forest dense with skinny pines and ground ferns as it rose up almost ominously. Amira and her people knew there was nothing to fear in those woods despite what ignorant outsiders seemed to think. “Hey! Amira! Wait up!” A familiar voice called from behind. They turned to see their classmate, Jayder Zancress, running towards them. “…not the new kid…let’s get rid of him before it’s too late…” Odala whined in a whisper. “Oh, come on. He’s nice,” Amira turned around again, waving. Odala gave a glum look before resigning with a sigh, “Whatever.” Jayder caught up with them, his auburn hair neatly combed. “Hey, Amira,” Jayder gave a straight, white-toothed smile, “Hey, Odala…” Odala had her arms crossed as she gave Jayder the once over, her expression of dislike obvious as she looked at his showy, fine-fabric clothing. She gave him a curt nod and small noise of acknowledgement. Amira gave her friend a hidden nudge before turning to Jayder. “We’re going to into the Ollothan to play, you should come.” Jayder smiled warmly at the invitation and they set off again, halting at edge of the forest. Jayder almost kept walking but Odala yanked him back, annoyed. She gave a confused Jayder a look. “What?” “What do you mean what? Geez. Hasn’t your father, the supposed “anthropologist” told you anything of the Qui’al traditions?” Jayder’s face fell, crestfallen and embarrassed. Amira stepped between the two. “Enough, Odala. Jayder hasn’t been on our world for more than two phases now. You can’t think he’ll know everything.” Odala looked down at her feet, looking sullen. Amira saw the faint pink on her cheeks and knew her friend was hiding her turn at embarrassment. Amira turned to Jayder explaining, “the Ollothan is sacred to the Qui’al. It’s where all the spiritual energy of our ancestors and the present comes from. It’s a place where those who are lost go to be found, a place of healing, and a place of knowledge. We must enter the forest properly, to show respect,” she felt proud as she quoted her cultural studies textbook almost perfectly. She was confident she would do well on their upcoming quiz. Amira led the way, walking parallel to the tree line until they came upon one of the old open stone temples erected thousands of years ago. The recent renovation by the village had restored the temple to its old glory: the stone has been washed clean of dirt, new ceremonial tassels had been woven and hung, freshly dyed a bright cobalt blue. They walked up the three steps to stand in its’ center. Amira and Odala stood side-by-side and together gave two claps, forming the traditional rite of passage hand gesture. Giving a slight bow, Amira spoke, “please let our friend, an outsider, safe passage. He knows of your presence and will respect it as we do.” Amira looked over her shoulder, signaling Jayder that he too should bow. He gave an unsure one, trying to mimic the hand gesture. “Onward, then.” Odala was the first to walk down the three steps that led into the forest. The group headed up a steep hill not far from the forest entrance. Odala had stopped to pick up the day’s walking stick, a habit of hers. Amira noticed that Jayder wasn’t quite as fast as them, and when they made to the top, she could see how winded he was. A few minutes later, crashing through the undergrowth, the ferns shuttering as they passed, they came to the edge of a clearing. Below was a hollow that Amira and her friends had discovered years ago. Ever since then it was deemed their “hide-out”. Taking the small narrow path down, using the embedded stones as foot holds, they made their way down. At the bottom they saw Thad sitting there, waiting. “There you are! Thought you’d gotten lost.” Thad shouted as he jumped down from his rocky perch. “You always say you thought we got lost. When will you figure out we don’t get lost, ” Odala taunted back. Thad just smiled and shook his head. He looked at Amira and saw her bow and quiver hanging off her shoulder. “I guess Odala already told you, but I made a new course,” he gestured with arms sweeping across the clearing, “maybe this time you’ll actually be a worthy adversary.” Amira felt her insides warm and squirm with dislike. She stood a little taller. “I already am.” The firm tone of her voice surprised her, even Thad looked a little impressed. But only for a moment before he composed himself and gave a smirk and an arrogant hmph. This was the third time Thad had created an archery course in their forest hollow. The first two times, Amira had lent Odala her bow and arrows and each time Odala managed to miss every target. Needless to say, she felt that archery was dumb anyway. “Didn’t see you back there, Zancress. Do you even know what this is?” he held up his bow, “I doubt they have them on that filthy factory planet you call home.” Ever since Jayder’s arrival, Thad had been nothing but rude to him. Amira guessed it was because Jayder was two years older than the others and stood almost a foot taller than Thad. He acted so much older too. Amira admired his maturity. She only wished the others could see it too. Jayder stiffened before straightening himself, “On Kuat, we have more sophisticated weaponry, such as ray guns and ion cannons.” Thad narrowed his eyes, silent. The two boys regarded each other for a moment. Thad’s face twisted into a nasty sneer, “at least Amerell didn’t mass produce weapons for the Empire.” Amira gave a small gasp. It was common knowledge that Empire’s massive fleets were produced in Kuat’s legendary ship yards. “Have you forgotten your planets’ role in the Empire. Was it not your precious gem, Ambestine , that powered the Death Star?” Thad growled, his fist pulling back as he stomped over to Jayder. “Stop it! Both of you,” It was Odala that stood in the middle this time, “can we just forget it? Thad and Amira have a competition to play.” Amira smiled nervously. She felt sorry for how the other’s have been treating Jayder since his arrival. Most of her classmates saw him as an outsider. She heard the adults of her village whispering about his family. The way they looked at them. It was clear that they wouldn’t accept them. Jayder may have come from a wealthy family, with more money than Amira could ever imagine, his cloths spun from the finest of textiles that were elaborately dyed and embroidered, but she had seen the compassion in his eyes, and the ignorance to his status among her people. His family was nothing but polite and curious. Amira couldn’t help but give a small smile as she realized that no one stood up to Thad’s cruel comments, yet this boy had, and he had managed to beat Thad at his own game. For that, she commended him. Thad spit on the ground before turning his back on the group. “There’s six targets, best out of six wins.” He turned back to look at Amira. “Ladies first…” he sneered. Amira glanced at the other two as she walked towards the first target, one situated haphazardly on a low tree branch. The old woven pouch was starting to tear at the bottom, the dried grass inside beginning to finds its way out. A crude bullseye had been painted on the pouch, lopsided and fading. Amira slung her quiver of arrows over her left shoulder and checked the tautness of her bow’s string with a few quick pulls. Odala and Jayder and taken to the rocks to watch the competition unfold. Odala looked a little bored, her eyes on Thad with a ghost of a smile on her lips. Amira was her best friend, but she knew where Odala’s feelings really were. She felt a little pang of jealously that it was that self-centered, foolish boy that had taken her place. Odala had mentioned Thad a few times in a strange context. Love was a mystery still to Amira. Fourteen was a time of change and Amira felt as if she was missing a curious, new concept. Jayder gave her a small smile when their eyes met. She felt her heart skip a beat. Why was she nervous this time? It must have been the anticipation of beating Thad… She drew her first arrow and staring at the target, slowly notched and drew it. “Try to aim for once,” Thad said loudly to her side. “Shh! No talking, Thad!” Odala, always the trusty rule keeper. Amira felt her heart beating faster than normal, her palms damp. She let the arrow go and a breath later saw she missed the target completely as she heard the arrow collide with the underbrush who knows how far away. Thad started to laugh, “Wow.” He elbowed her out of way. His bow was made of metal, gleaming bright and new. A gift from his esteemed father no doubt. Amira knew exactly where Thad had got his arrogance from. If Thad was hardly enough to handle, his father was out of the question. Once when Amira asked her mother why Mister Korall was the way he was, she mentioned power and how he let it go to his head, forgetting what his roots in the village really meant. Now he thought himself above them. Thad easily prepared his own arrow and after a few seconds, found his target just to the left of the bullseye. The next three arrows weren’t much better for Amira, but Thad had misjudged as well. Amira was only one shot away from a tie. The second-to-last target was a downward shot into a small hollow in the rocks twelve feet down. Standing on the smooth boulder above, Amira took a few seconds to compose herself. She let her eyes close and started to control her breathing. She felt a familiar sensation similar to instincts swell inside her. Opening her eyes she was sure of her target, the sensation flowing through her as she sucked in her last breath before holding it. As she let the arrow go, she felt the success before it hit the mark. She scored a five. A bullseye, dead center. A first for her since Thad had taught her and Odala how to shoot. With twelve points, Amira felt she might have a chance at winning. Thad’s smile had disappeared with her last shot and he hastily shot his fifth arrow. He hit the edge, outside the target. A zero. His glare at Amira made her own pride swell. She was going to win. The last target was placed at far end of the hollow, on the rocks were Odala and Jayder were sitting. The four of them moved to the opposite end for the victory shot. At sixty yards away, the shot was daunting. Thad hadn’t dropped his glare and Amira busied herself with adjusting her footing to try and keep distracted from her nerves. She repeated her slow process of aiming as she did before, her nerves keeping her from focusing on her instinctual sensation. She tried to calm herself, feeling a tug at her hands, but before she could act on it, her hand slipped, the arrow flying into the target with a thud. She had hit the bottom on the target. A one. She felt her limbs grow heavy with dread. She didn’t get it. She wasn’t going to win. Thad gave a small chuckle as he regained his haughty confidence. Amira looked down and when she heard the arrow hit its mark, a glance up revealed a bullseye. Everything was dead quiet before Thad gave a victory whoop. “Nice try, for a girl that is,” he snickered. Amira didn’t say anything just gave him a glare that only made him laugh. She knew better than to let it show that he got to her. She walked away toward the others. “You almost had him,” Odala said, placing a hand on Amira’s shoulder, giving it a squeeze, “next time.” Amira tried to smile, but the bitterness of disappointment still stung. Jayder smiled at her, saying loudly, “Odala told me that you’ve only been shooting for a few months now, and this was only the third competition. You sure had me fooled. I think you’re just as good, maybe even better than Korall over there.” Thad whipped around, annoyance crossing his face. “Maybe you failed to notice, Zancress, but I won. That makes me better .” Jayder just stared back and smiled, egging him on. “Not how I see it.” “Well no one cares what a snobby immigrant has to say.” “Oh. I’m the arrogant one then?” Jayder shot back. Thad’s fists were curled at his side, and judging by his face, it wouldn’t take more than another comment for him to throw the first punch. “Geez. You two are worse than the Guane twins at school… let’s go swimming.” Odala said as she went over and hooked her arm around Thad’s, pulling him away. Amira hung back with Jayder. They walked in silence for a few moments before Amira hesitantly began, “…Uh, thanks, for that back there…” “You’re welcome.” Their trek to the small pond left them all hot and damp from the humid heat. Amira hoped that rain would finally come. Thad ran ahead, throwing his shirt off as he leap from a rock into the pond below. Odala stopped near the bank stripping down to her underclothes before wading in. Amira noticed Jayder’s expression. “You don’t like swimming?” “Er, no. I don’t actually know how to swim. There’s no pools of water back on Kuat.” “Oh. I wasn’t really in the mood to swim so come on, let’s sit over there.” Amira pointed to the far bank where large, flat rocks backed up to the water. She sat on the edge, letting her dirty bare feet dangle in the water. She watched as Jayder removed his boots. Such a strange concept to her… shoes. “Don’t your feet ever get hot wearing those?” She said, pointing to his shiny boots that were now coated in dust. “I… guess? I’ve nothing to compare it to since I don’t ever go barefoot.” Amira’s eyes widened in curiosity, “ever? Even at home?” “At home we wear slippers. They’re made of fabric.” Amira looked over the water, regarding his comments, watching Thad and Odala wrestle each other in the water, Odala dunking Thad’s head, shrieking as he grabbed her leg and pulled her under. “So then your people never wear shoes?” Jayder asked. Amira knew that most of the Qui’als of her village would be insulted to hear him refer to them as “your people”, however, Amira knew he meant well and she never heard an ounce of intentional disrespect from him. She shook her head, “Only for travel and at the festivals, when we travel to the Grand Shrine. We wear woven shoes. They’re like those… slippers, you talked about. You have to cover your feet when going into the Grand Shrine. Going barefoot is seen as disrespectful because of the presence of the sprits and it’s a place of purity.” “Yet the woods where they live are not considered pure?” She shook her head again, “the Ollothan is a natural world, and we can be our natural selves here so long as we respect these grounds.” “My father met one of the elders, the one that’s considered your people’s… spiritual leaders, isn’t that right?” “Yes, that’s Al’Tayoen. She leads the village in all spiritual things. She can also talk with the spirits, but most outsiders don’t understand or believe that part. Do you have any spirits on Kuat?” “No, we are a very simple people. We work hard, whether it be in the manufacturing of ships or other means, like education. What drives us is ambition and a job well done. My father was never very good with his hands. My grandparents feared that his future might be hopeless, at least on Kuat that is, but he found his passion in learning and knowledge, so they sent him to Coruscant to a university there. He became an anthropologist and met my mother while studying there. Then they had me, and now we travel the galaxy, so my father can do his research.” Amira felt a twinge in her stomach, “how long will you be here on Amerell, then?” “About a year. That’s usually how much time is needed for him to gather adequate information.” Jayder gave her a wistful look. A look that confused Amira. Maybe he liked it here so far and didn’t look forward to leaving. The twinge in her stomach grew a little stronger. Amira wasn’t sure she wanted him to leave. He was a good friend, and she had enjoyed getting to know him in the last few phases. She gave a short sigh. “Well, we have the rest of this cycle. Better make it count!” Unsure what to do with herself, she jumped up and without stripping her clothes down, leaped into the water. She came back up only to see a now soaked Jayder. He looked stunned before bursting out laughing. Amira joined him soon after. “I can teach you to swim. I’ve taught other kids from school, and they were a lot younger than you.” Jayder looked hesitant before shrugging, “why not?” As he unwrapped his intricate shirt, Amira tried hard not to stare. It was like it had just struck her how different boys looked from girls. The way she could see Jayder’s muscles moving under his skin as he did. She felt heat rise in her cheeks before she looked away, dropping herself under the water. “See you tomorrow, Amira!” Odala waved as she ran off with Thad. Amira waved and turned to Jayder. “I was surprised how fast you learned today,” Amira said. “I surprised myself. It’s a lot easier than I thought. I can’t wait to go home and tell my parents that I know how to swim. They look at me like I’m crazy,” Jayder laughed. “Are you coming to the festival tomorrow?” Amira asked. Jayder nodded, “my family is coming too. My father will be doing observational work, and some interviews. I’ll see if I can get him to interview you.” “Oh, uh, no. That’s okay. I, um… I don’t like to be the center of attention.” “That’s a shame,” Jayder said softly, a look passing between them. “Well, um, I better… go. My mother probably needs help. Help with, ah… the meal! Yes the meal. See you tomorrow night then.” “Good night, Amira.” Jayder paused before leaving, and as he walked away, Amira felt herself grow hot and smile for no reason at all. Why couldn’t she just keep her mouth shut and keep her cool? Walking into the hut, she found her mother still at work, two bowls set out for the meal on the table. She knew her brother would be asleep by now, and the missing bowl meant one thing: her father wouldn’t be joining for the meal tonight. “Father staying late at work again?” Her mother tried to keep her composure, “I don’t honestly know. Nowadays I never know.” Amira could hear the bite in her comment. She understood that her father was staying late at work most nights, trying to support them. She wished her mother would be more understanding. “Take those to the drying shed.” Grabbing the tied bundles of freshly cut plants she made her way outside and to the backside of the hut. Next to the herb garden was a small, crude shed, the door missing a latch and a hinge near the top, making the door lean at an odd angle. Inside was just as plain: The packed dirt floor uncovered, a wooden counter slung across the shed on the far side. The few items were tools for her father’s speeder bike and obscure, long-forgotten junk. The left side of the shed was clean and used for their medicine making. Labeled glass jars, crammed with dried leaves lined a shelf and above that various wads of plants were hung from the ceiling to dry. Stepping up on an ancient wooden stool, the habitual creak of it as it found her weight, Amira reached high and hung the freshly-cut bunches one at a time. As she made her way out of the shed, carefully closing the shabby door as to not have it slam shut, the corner of her eye caught movement. Standing a few yards away was her father. And he wasn’t alone. Amira watched for a moment as he father looked around warily, as if he didn’t want to be seen. Amira swallowed hard, her heart beginning to race, as she crept behind the shed and poked her head out to watch the encounter. He father hadn’t seen her, his back to her. The fading light made it difficult to see and the stranger he was talking to, but she recognized a hard-looking man, younger than her father. He looked annoyed. Her father putting out his hands in front of him, his palms up, looking as if he was trying to explain something. They were too far away for Amira to make out any words. A glint caught her eye as the stranger moved his hand to stroke his short facial hair. A blaster. And another holster below that harboring a large curved knife. The man cut her father off short and spoke back, his posture and face aggressive. Her father resigned and looked down, shaking his head. The stranger made a point for her father to see his holsters. The man crossed his arms and looked absolute. Amira watched her father walk away slowly, his face shrouded in shadows. The man watched him walk into the hut. Amira waited breathlessly for the man to turn and leave. Finally, he did, but as he did so his eye caught something and Amira found herself staring right back at this strange, dangerous man. She gasped and flung herself behind the shed. He had seen her. She swallowed, breathing hard, fear seizing her. She shut her eyes waiting for him to approach her. But when what seemed like eternity had passed, she bravely snuck a peek around the corner and found nothing there. The man was gone. Letting her composure come back she went back into the hut. Her father was sitting at the table, eating from a bowl, staring at the fire, looking troubled. Her mother offered her some food, but Amira shook her head. She wasn’t hungry. She told her mother her head had started to hurt and that she was going to lie down. Making her way into the bedroom, she changed into her nightclothes and laid down softly next to Desaquin, his soft breathing barely audible. She stared at the ceiling for what seemed hours, before feinting sleep when she heard her mother come in. Her father never came to bed that night, and sleep evaded Amira. She couldn’t help but feel as if that man she saw was a very dangerous man. And not only had he threatened her father, he had seen Amira. She felt her throat close tighter as a sudden feeling washed over her. A feeling that she hadn’t felt in a very long time. Its familiar grasp made her aware that something wasn’t right. Her head ached as an anonymous, distorted voice continued to scream warnings inside her head. Her mother had always told her that Amira had a sharp perception, and Amira had noticed it seemed stronger when the threat of danger was near. She could do nothing but try to quell the voice inside her head and pray to the spirits that she was wrong. Notes: World-building is fun but daunting ;)